
It's a good thing. It's a good thing that I have moved on. Or at least I am still trying to do so. Things will be alright though. I will be alright. Everything will be just fine.
I am just so grateful to Zayn. If it wasn't for him then I would have never be able to get a decent job like this one. I owe him so much. I just hope that he quickly moves over to London too so that I don't have to be so lonely. I need a flatmate. He did say he was planning on leaving his current job but he is still not entirely sure when. Hopefully soon.
I sighed as I looked in the mirror. I look fairly decent, I just hope I can make a good first expression. I do not want to be seen as the grumpy one. I used to hate those teachers when I was young. But I don't want to come out as a childish one either. Most teachers don't like those types of colleagues. Hopefully all will go well. Hopefully.
I can't help but wonder what she must be doing right now. Probably not thinking what I am doing. I still can't believe she did that to me. I just can't. It was not supposed to end like this. We were not supposed to end like this. God, I can't believe I was going to propose to that girl. I'm glad I did not. It was for the best. But I still can't help but miss her.
I shook my head, biting my bottom lip as I tried to get rid of all the thoughts in my head. They will only bring me down and I don't want to look like some depressed freak in my interview. I can do this.
"I don't need her," I mumbled, looking right into my eyes in the mirror. I know it was a lie. But I know that it will be better for me to make it the truth. The sooner the better. I can't have her ruin my life while she's living hers to the fullest. I'm not going to give her the satisfaction that she broke me. She did not. Not yet at least.
I sighed before making my way out the room before walking out of my flat and locking the door behind me. My bag was hanging on my right shoulder, it had my details and all for the interview. I can do this. Without her. I can do this.
+_+_+_+_+_+
Coming in June, but let me know what you think? xx