
I live with four other girls in a small orphanage. Ms. Susan Yancy is in charge of Magnolia Foster Home for Girls. I have another sibling, but we were split up when I was ten and he was eight. His name is Grant Grace, and he looks just like me. Big brown eyes, straight brown hair.. well before I dyed it of course. Except we were polar opposites, I was closed off, I like being alone, and I worked better alone. He was the social butterfly of the family, always involved in his little school plays, he was in the Friendly Tree Club, some environmental program where they go around planting trees.
The reason he and I were taken from each other is still unknown, my parents never even told me why they placed us away from each other. Or why they just dumped us, we weren't in poverty and I knew my parents didn't owe money. I actually sent a letter to them, I know they moved to Texas, I just wanted to know why.. And when I'm eighteen the first thing I'm going to do is find my Grant.
Anyways, back onto my tale of despair. The four other girls I live with are Esmeralda Silva, Ruby Fitzgerald, Maricela Hernandez, and Emilia Ellsworth. Esme is seventeen, I think, Ruby is a bratty twelve year old, Maricela is also seventeen, and my favorite baby is Emilia.This morning Ms. Yancy announced at breakfast that we're getting a new girl. All we know is that her name is Nicole Sanders.
We're going to meet her during dinner in a couple of minutes, everyone is either in the Rec room hanging out while I'm in the safety of my room with Emilia. "Andy! Yancy wants us in the dining hall! The new chick is here!", Maricela shouted pounding on my door. I grunted back, fixing my outfit. A white plain tube top, a black cardigan over it, a white skirt with a black ribbon on it, and black pumps. Yancy said to dress formal for the new girl, and when Yancy tells you to do something, do it or she gets really pissy for the rest of the week.
I sluggishly made my way downstairs and into the dining hall, all the other girls were already seated. Standing next to Ms. Yancy was the new girl. She had on a band T shirt, black torn jeans, black converse, and her hair a deep blue color, looked slightly teased. The typical scene girl, I think. Ruby started scowling and glaring the girl.
Let me explain, Ruby is a little brat, if you don't fit into her category of what she calls normal you get bagged on for every little thing. I sighed, its gonna be a weird night alright. "Girls, this is our new family member! Introduce your self honey, then the rest of you introduce yourselves.", Ms. Yancy chirped.The girl stepped up and looked us all in the eye slowly, when her eyes landed me she smiled and I smiled back.
I think I might like her. "Well, my name is Nicole Sanders. I am 16 years old. I like bands, I love the color blue, I don't like sweets, I enjoy painting landscapes, photography, and reading. Any questions?"
Ruby smirked, hand shooting up. "Mhm", Nicole replied. "Are you one of those anti social freaks or a emo cutter like Andy!?", Ruby smirked pointing a finger in my face. Nicole frowned looking away. "Ruby! Go to your room now! I'll deal with you later!", Ms. Yancy growled. Ruby slammed her chair back and stormed back upstairs shouting about how unfair everyone was towards her.
"Continue introductions please.", Ms. Yancy snapped her finger at us. Esmeralda stood up smiling," My name is is Esmeralda Silva. I am 17 years old, and I love one direction! I'm a senior at Buena Park High School, I like going to the mall with my best friends, and I like reading magazines." Esmeralda smiled and sat down, motioning Maricela to stand.
"My name is Maricela Hernandez, I'm 17 years old, a senior at Buena Park High School, I like messing with people's minds, I love oldies music, I like to cause trouble, and I like the color blue.", She smiled at the scowling Ms. Yancy and sat down.I stood up slowly, my tummy churning in nervousness. I sighed taking a deep breathing,"My name is Andrea Renee Grace, I am 16 years old. I like music, I like working alone, I like reading, my favorite color is red and black, and I don't like being in huge crowds unless its for a concert." I finished up my little "speech" and plopped on my seat. Nicole was smiling at me, she's just like me.