
A/n: this is an unbelievable,but true account of the life changing experiences I've had with the people in my life. any similarities to your own life,movie scenes,and or other texts are mere coincidences,i'm not intentionally copying the work of others. now that that's out of the way,let's get started.
3rd grade: oces: ms. Searcy's class
I was sitting in class next to jearmy,the cutest boy in class. He wore a white T-shirt,a pair of jeans,and a pair of glasses rested over his eyes. His hair was a dark brown with honey glazed skin, twinkling brown eyes,and a sparkling smile. anyway I was sitting there munching on a jolly rancher and reading a book. He took out a thing of breath spray,sprayed it in his mouth,then asked me if I wanted some of it. I said "no,I've got a jolly rancher in my mouth", then he said "it tastes good with a jolly rancher",I gave him some weird look,and he sprayed it in my mouth. He was right,the combination of cherry flavored breath spray and a cherry jolly rancher did taste good.
Still 3rd grade: i was lying down in the nurse's office and I had red hives all over my face. Jearmy walks in for something or other "does it hurt?" He asked "no" I said "yes,it does." He teased me I rolled my eyes at him "no,it doesn't." I argued. He repeated the same words as before with a chirpy voice.
5th grade: I was sitting in car rider line with Adam, one of my friends waiting to be picked up. just as my car was about to pull up,he looked at me and said "you're pretty."
Still 5th grade: it was recess time and everyone was playing foursquare or jumping rope,well everyone that is except for me,Courtney, Courtney,Annie,Bethany,
Sara,Hayden,and luke. Courtney and I were chatting with each other, Courtney was wandering around with Annie and Bethany,Sara had settled herself into her own little space,and Hayden and luke were standing in front of the teachers' bench singing random songs. "Beaver 1,beaver 2,key largo Montagu come on pretty mama I wanna take you to Bermuda,Bahama!"
I was at a 70s themed dance,YMCA was playing, and there was huge circle of people at the edge of the room. Why are all these people just standing in a circle and screaming I wondered. I walked through the huge crowd of people towards the rowdy circle and peered into the center of it. Right there in the middle of the huge circle was none other than,Hayden,he was break dancing and the people in the circle were cheering him on. I stood there for a few moments watching him with amazement.