
I've always done it you know,going there against my fathers wishes.He always says to me "you don't know what's in there stay out." But I go anyway it's the only place where I get away from it all, It's the only place I can let loose and be myself not what my father wants me to be.
My day starts as normal, I get up, get a shower and then get dressed.Then I take my school books downstairs and make sure I don't have any homework but if I do I always have it done before my father wakes up. I then grab something for breakfast and get my stuff together to catch the school bus.
School for me, a few months ago,was sheer bliss. I had friends who actually liked me, I was doing great in my classes,getting good grades and at the prom I was even crowned prom queen and my best friend Kay was crowned prom king. In my opinion  my life was going great.
Until they found my mothers body in the woods, my father no where to be seen and a lone 17 year old in a two bedroom house grieving. That day has lived with me forever
The cops accused my father of murder and alcohol abuse,which meant he was back in prison and I was alone.again. but the strange thing was this time I wasn't alon I had my aunt lily who I didn't even know existed "looked out for me " which meant move me away from everything I've ever know to america, the bad thing was she wouldn't tell me where so I fought against her and lost. Big time.
Moving to America meant joining a new school and as usual news about new students spreads like wildfire so as soon I step through the doors I am treated like I'm the one who murdered my mum. But on the bright side Kay calls, texts,emails and Skype's me he also visits me every two weeks. That's the good side though , the bad side is this one guy stares at me constantly, not one glance, then a double take but full fledged starting contest type stare, and when he's near me its like he becomes animalistic as I keep hearing growls but its probably my paranoia. For example last week in chemistry I was paired with a complete douchebag who messed about with the acid and spilled it all over the table including my arm and the bad thing was he laughed like a maniac, then I heard a low growl it was almost inaudible but after the growl the guy stopped laughing and muttered sorry and that was that. I mean freaky right ?
Anyway its been a few months since all hat happened and I'm currently in my aunts lounge waiting on my boyfriend Will. He's picking me up at 7 and its five to. I'm so nervous even though we've been on 2,000 dates. (OK I might be exaggerating but hey he likes to spoil me)
I had to wait until my father went to sleep (he got out of jail a month ago). My phone beeps  -I'm on my way nearly there XXX - Will. I text him back meet me outside ,you know the drill XXX -Callie. I smiled and looked over at my aunt lily. She walked over to the stairs and concentrated on the landing for a couple if seconds, she then looked back over at me a huge smile on her face. "Go ahead he's out for the count. But to be safe try to be home for 10:30 OK . Love you Cal be safe." I smile back "I promise auntie Lil love you too" and disappeared out the door.
As I waited on Will it got colder and colder and before long it was solo cold I could see my breath in little clouds. It was 7.15 when Will  showed up carrying a basket ,  smiling. He kissed me then held out his hand "shall we?" I smiled at him "let's go !" I grasped his hand and we started walking towards the woods.
My favourite place. We walked until we came to a clearing . We put the blanket down and Will took out the food . A couple hours later when the food was finished and cleared away we started walking back and as we rounded the corner , we stopped dead in our tracks. Will inched me behind him. The sight before us was terrifying, a man with blood red eyes was staring straight at me. He smiled and licked his lips "you'd make a nice meal" Will moved me right behind him. "You'll have to go through me first." The vampire gaze snapped to Will his red eyes widened with glee "with pleasure" and lunged at Will.