
Hi I'm Jasmine and this is Becky. Becky is 14 with long black curly hair, with bright blue kimeyes who wore red Converse. Me on the other hand was 13 with long blond hair with green eyes and I'm a small skiny girl. We've known each other since 4th grade and were friends ever since.
It's the first day of school, and I decided to call Becky and asked if she was ready for 9th grade. After a long pause Becky replied " ya I guess so, " by then we both were ready. We met up at the bus stop which was at the park which just so happened to be a couple minutes away. We talked about the latest drama while we waited for the bus to arrive. When the bus finally came Becky fell asleep a cupple minutes in the drive and next thing I knew we were on school campus and I was trying to wake her up.
" Becky, Becky wake up! ", I yelled as I was shaking her. Then the bus stoped and Becky was still asleep. There was good news and bad news.The good news was I was able to get Becky up but the bad news was the way I got becky up. Well she was all soaked and I was out of water and that means I'm stuck with school water. Gross!!!
As we walked on campus we showd the teachers our ids, like what we always have to do. I can tell Becky was mad at me, she was five feet in front of me. She got all kinds of stares wich made me feel guilty. If only she woke up when I trided to waker her up. That made feel less guilty because that was her falut for not waking up. As I wallked to the cafeteria I noticed that Becky was getting embarrassed because she was soaked in the front of her and people keept staring, wispering, and laughing at her.
I had math for first hour with Becky.It was so long and Becky was still mad at me, she decided to sit on the opposite side of the room from me. After class we separated and I went to my next hour ,PE, I hate PE. Pe seamed to drag on. Then I had LUNCH!! As I got my lunch I saw Becky was in different clothes and she was giving me the evil eye. I sat down and said "hi" and then out of no where she became happy and replyed "hey Jaz," I think she is bipolar. (Oh ya jaz is my nickname.)
The rest of the day went by fast. After school we waited for the bus to arive.
When we got home we decided to ditch our homework and go to the park in stead. We would do our homework latter. I suggested that we take our bikes, so Becky agreed. Her bike was red with black and mine was dark blue(almost like a navy blue) with a mix of light blue.
"Hey Becky do you see that van?" I said getting a little scared."Ya why?"she asked."Well I think it's following us." Im not not good of scary things."No. Jasmine you getting all worked up over nothing," she said, but i could tell she was scared to.
As we made to the park the van left and let out a sigh of relief. That van started to get on my nerves. Me and Becky decided to sit on the swings and talk. We talked about what we are thinking to do for summer, even though it was the first day if school. We like to be a head of stuff. We decided to go swimming and play sports ect........
After our discussion we sat in silence staring at the clouds. Im lost in my thoughts when some sexy looking guy comes from out of the blue and pulls me out of my thoughts. He looked like a gift from the gods. He had jet black hair, he was tall, muscular, tan, with amazing brown eyes.
We just stared into each others eyes when I herd "hmh hmh cough cough hello!?" by Becky sound anoyed. To me it looked like she liked him to, but I call him he's MINE................
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~First book i made hope you liked it!!!!!!