
The thing I mentioned earlier? Skelaphone? You people might not know this, but back in 2020 we developed a... system, if you will. Relationships with parents became more crucial after 2016 when teenagers realized that being dicks to parents was a bad idea since they helped you out with a lot of things. So when parents and kids got closer, kidnappers asking for ransom raised significantly. The government came up with an idea. Implanting a chip in your brain that allows you to communicate with your parents with just a thought was invented. It's only between kids and their parents, but the government has connection with everyone. It's almost like a 911, but faster and quieter. If you were in a situation where you couldn't talk, it would only take a thought to tell your parents that you were in trouble. From there they contact the government (only parents can do this) and the government tracks you with the chip. And as for kids with def parents, it isn't a hearing thing. It literally transfers the thoughts. You can be woken up by it too, which makes for an annoying alarm clock. Most parents and kids use it for everyday use. And the name is extremely uncreative.
Like right now, my mom, Gina, was bugging me. Get home soon, Collin. We need to talk.
Shit, I thought. Not so she can hear it. Be there soon, Mom. I said. Two minutes later I pulled into our driveway. I walked inside my small home, my mom standing in the living room impatiently with my dad.
"Son, we need to talk," my dad said. He was a short man with a beer belly and looked like a balding Mario with glasses. His mustache moved with his lips, always making me want to laugh. I never did though.
"Yeah, I imagined that with the looks you guys are giving me," I said.
"Listen. We know you are very dedicated to your role in the play. But we think practice every night is a little out of hand. Especially the late hours. I mean, there are times when you come home at midnight. We think... you need to drop your role. Don't they have an under... under... understudy? They should have one for you," my dad said.
"No! I can't! I don't have an understudy, my part isn't large enough for there to be one. I play Mercutio. And I need to memorize all of my lines for the play in December. It's already October and I still need to ask for my line in my first scene," I protested.
"Honey, we don't even know when the play is. Won't we be able to see it?" my mom asked. To go with my dad's Mario like features, my mom was like a Princess Peach. She's tall, has long blonde hair, and blue sparkling eyes. It was our family joke that they were the cartoon couple.
"December 19th, Mom. Please. Don't make me quit. I love playing the part. My friend group has expanded from just the soccer team too," I said. "If you make me quit I'll lose all of them. Some are in other grades, some I have no classes with."
My mom sighed. "Fine. But I want to see you in that play, and I want you to spend your evenings at least twice a week in this home, or at a friends, or anywhere else other than practice for the play. Deal?"
"Deal," I agreed. "Starting tomorrow!" I yelled while running to my room. I shut my door before I could here any other protest.
My room has been Marvel themed for as long as I could remember. My comforter looks like the inside of a comic book, I have posters of the first addition comic books for Spiderman, Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, Fantastic Four, and my queen, Storm (this isn't a comic book cover, just a poster of her). I used to ogle at my walls as my role models looked at me. I would sit in a set of pajamas themed of one of them and dream what it was like to be in their spots, saving the world and locking up the bad guys, and of course having superpowers. (Yes, I had a DC Comics phase in middle school.)