
A little destined to be a superhero? Maybe. I don't even think I ever lost hope after third grade like most kids do. I was a mere dreamer, and then one day opportunity knocked on my door.
*Flashback*
Valentina had just left school on the bus, while I walked home. I always walked home, even in the rain. That day, for example, it was slightly drizzling with thunder rumbling in the distance, destined to come soon. Puddles were already formed. While walking down the cracked sidewalk, I jumped in the little puddles. I was about to hop into another when my eyes saw dark black boots at the edge of the next puddle. I looked up.
A lady wearing a blue tight fitting suit stood in front of me. Immediately I thought of Invisible Woman. Her red hair, the normal kind, was in a tight twisted bun. Her green eyes were as unwelcoming as a dead forest.
"'scuse me," I said politely, my voice like an innocent child. I was for the most part.
When the lady didn't move, I wasn't sure what to do. Aren't people supposed to move when you say 'excuse me'? I tried moving around her, but you can't just move around a pile of poisonous snakes, or swim around around shark.
"What is your name," the lady said, a heavy Russian accent carried in her voice. She squared down to my level, cutting her towering height in half. Thunder and lightning started coming more often, and rain poured harder. I pulled the hood of my spiderman jacket over my spiky red hair.
"Whyyyy?" I asked, oblivious to the tension.
"Do you not trust me?" she asked, as if I were her best friend.
"Well no... not really, Miss."
"My name is Gloria, not 'Miss'. I've told you my name, now what is yours? I know you aren't some Trevor McGee," she said. Her eyes drew back a little back, leaving a little more room for curiosity. Thunder and lightning started to grow louder, bigger and brighter. I could barely see through the gray rain.
"Well my name is Collin!" I said, more excitedly. "Collin Ravok, can we be friends miss Gloria?"
Something in her eyes after I said that told me that 'friends' was a foreign word to her. "Collin Ravok," she breathed. "I don't know, young boy. Can we?" Gloria held out her hand. Dismissing the look in her eyes, I took it and shook her hand a little violently from excitement. When I tried pulling away from her iron grip, I barely moved.
"Collin Ravok, I hope you survive this," she said. I had no time to comprehend what she said. A millisecond probably passed, then it happened.
Lightning struck me right in the heart, making me arch my back. I had no idea that Gloria's hand was still connected with mine, and I didn't notice that her laughter wasn't like thunder, it was thunder.
The lightning was changing different colors. Black to green to orange to white to pink and so on. The lightning was endless, and my chest seemed to be sucking it inside me like a vacuum. Excruciating pain spread through me as... as fast as lightning. Like trillions of needles, white hot at the tips, poked me repeatedly everywhere.