
Like promised, Valentina and I made our way to Lion's Choice. Valentina had sprinted ahead of me the moment she stepped out of my red Honda Accord. My parents gave it to me just a week ago, thinking the red color was a cute and funny gesture, when I really had hated it. But a car is a car, and I won't complain because of the stupid color.
Valentina's short dark brown hair bounced ahead of me, while my red quiff blew violently in the cold October wind. I was grateful for wearing a blue vintage hoodie today, and black skinny jeans. Most men don't dare wear skinny jeans, that style was for the days when we had a sliver of equality.
I jogged inside, still wanting to get out of the cold, bitter air. Immediately the smell of fried food infiltrated my nostrils. Valentina was already paying for her food at the counter when another lady had kindly asked what I wanted to eat.
Five minutes later I was sitting down at a small table with Valentina, putting a pulled pork sandwich in my mouth. Valentina started talking to me with her mouth full.
"Mah mahm said that oo should trah aht for the school play," she said, swallowing and wiping her chin with a napkin. This time with her mouth empty, she spoke again. "They really need someone to play Mercutio."
"First of all, don't talk with your mouth full, Valy. Second, I told you. I'm not interested in acting. I have enough on my hands with Coach Elow's soccer practices," I said. Valentina groaned.
"Stupid Uncle. I need to tell him to move your practices so you can do drama club with me," she said, pouting like a kid. My coach, Shane Elow, is Valentina's uncle. She occasionally, and I mean once a week, comes to visit him during practices since she's his 'favorite niece'. Normally he makes us do abs for the rest of that practice, so thanks to her I have a six pack.
"Please don't. I like not being in drama club, no offense," I said. Valentina shrugged and sipped on a cherry coke.
"What are you doing on Friday?" she asked.
Saving this damn city just like every other night, I thought. But she didn't need to know that. "Visiting my grandpa. Like most Friday nights, if I don't have a soccer game," I answered instead.
"Figures. I was really hoping that you could come with me to Iowa to see Angel," she said. Angel is her dad's fiance of eleven years. Finn popped the question a long time ago but there were difficulties of distance.  She'll move in eventually. So they aren't married yet, but will be in a few years hopefully.
"Sorry, I can't. My grandpa has only so many years... so yeah," I said. More like my grandpa had years. He died a while ago. We weren't really close, but I was still sad.
When we finished our food we went inside my car. I was still giddy about it, despite the color. I turned sixteen a month ago, September 12th. Valentina would be stuck riding in my car for less than a month, since her birthday is November 5th.
"Drop me off pronto, Collin. My mom is barking at me over skelaphone to come home and help Ali move out," Valentina ordered. I fired up the engine and started driving to her mom's condo. Irma, Valentina's mom, was a Mexican lady who always made the best pancakes, and well, whatever really. Valentina's older sisters, Alicia and Isabelle, lived with her. well, as of today it's just Isabelle and Valy. Alicia played soccer for SLU college and graduated with a bachelor's degree and majored in nursing, so it was time for her to move out. I played a lot of 1v1s against her, so it was a sad departure for me too.
"Tell Alicia that I said to not miss me too much," I called as Valentina hopped out of my car. Valentina nodded and ran inside her house. I pulled away and drove back to my house.