
I've never wanted to be different. I've never wanted to stick out. But then again, who does?
I've always understood that. I seem to always hear others complain about how they were different by their looks, names, hobbies, music tastes, families, styles, sexuality, etc...
Sometimes I sympathize them, feeling their pain. Other times I want to yell at them. For one thing, no one could ever be more different than me. (But that's what they all say, right?) Sometimes I think they should suck it up, they aren't that different. But then I think that they should embrace their differences, despite what others may think.
Either way, being different is unexpected for almost anyone. Isn't it?
It's one thing to have bright red hair. No, I don't mean the orange color that 'gingers' have. I mean freakin' red hair. Like Micky Mouse's pants. Of course it darkens at the roots. It almost looks like Portugal's soccer team's uniforms.
It's one thing to be gay. Especially in a Catholic family. And with our new found society.
It's one thing to be adopted. I've never found it bothersome, but nonetheless different.
It's entirely another thing to be an ass-kicking-crime-fighting-citizen-saving superhero.
Put all of these different ingredients together in a bowl and mix them at high speed, cook at 98.6° fherinhite for nine months, and whala! You get one smokin' hot Collin Ravok. Also known as me! Serves eight people, perfect for small get togethers. (That is, if you want a cocky bastard at your little get together.)
Please, don't stop reading now. I mean, you've passed probably the weirdest part of my story. Maybe not, I won't spoil things for ya. But the story is just about to get good.
I'll shut up now and let you read my life story. Don't worry, it's not tediously boring like some of yours' are.
-------------------------------------
October 13th, 2025, St. Louis, MO.
-------------------------------------
"...now take the width and times it by the height, and once your done with that, times it by the length," my best friend, Valentina said. I couldn't help it, I had to correct her, even though she was tutoring me in math.
"Multiply," I said.
"Yeah, that's what I said to do. So times 24.67 by 15.12 and-"
"Not times, dearest Valy. You multiply them," I said.
"Oh shut up! You tutor me tomorrow for English!" she said. I rolled my eyes while she glared at me.
"Whatever. Just finish helping me with math and we can go get Lion's Choice if you like. I just can't afford to fail like last year," I said. Valentina nodded in agreement, and we were back to work for the next half hour
Math is a weird subject for me. I can't ever focus in that class, not with him in it. Whether it's his focused gaze on the board or his graceful pencil movements while taking notes, it always caught my eye. The electricity in me always goes haywire. I'm not bad at math, not really. In fact I'm extremely smart when it comes to math. Again, I just can't ever focus, so I don't don't get any of the notes and have no idea what to do. Good thing I'm a fast learner with the help of Valentina. I tried switching classes, but there were no other classes that taught calculus to sophmores. I should have gone to the twelfth grade class, but the school refuses to switch me with no real reason. I can't just say, 'I'm totally in love with my seat mate and I can't focus,' that would be unreasonable.