
Now, my dad has given me gifts before. The little salt water spring, the sand doller, cake on my birthday, that sort of thing. But when I saw the doll house, I thought he'd lost it.
All those other gifts are understandable. Some I didn't get right away, but proved to be most helpful later. But why would he give me a doll house?
I quickly took it inside from the porch. Already a thought was forming in the back of my mind. "Why didn't he leave it on my dresser, or give it to me in person like all those times before? But I ignored it.
I set it down on the floor by my bed. Tyson wasn't here, so he couldn't laugh. I accually think he'd loved a doll house. I picked up the card and read it. Panick sarted running through my mind. The note said:
Dear Percy,Please take this doll house and find it's use for me. It could be important. -Poseidon
See? No, I guess you don't because your not seeing the real letter. Well, it wasn't my dad's hand writting. It only looked like it, but I knew otherwise. I knew my dad's hand writting. It smelled like the ocean. It may seem weird but, honestly it wasn't.
I needed to talk to Annabeth right away. But curiosity got the best of me, so I opened to doll house. There was nothing exept a table on the second floor. I picked it up. It was attached to the floor by a string. I pulled the string.
Bad idea. A bright light flashed, and then one by one the things in my room started shrinking. I watched in horror as all my stuff turned into the size of doll house furniture. Then the cabin started shrinking, and I ran for the door, thankfully before it was too small. I carried the doll house in my hands.
Unfortunally, Annabeth was right outside my door. The cabin stoped shrinking when it was the size of the doll house I held.
Before Annabeth could speak, I said, "It's cursed, Annabeth, I opened it, it was from the enime, the hand writting smells like pizza, and crap your getting smaller too!" It was true. She was now up to my waist, and I watched in horror as she shrunk to seven inches tall.
I looked up. The whole camp had shrunk, all of it except me.