
I will try to write a chapter every week so keep reading ! :)
The dentist smiled mischievously as he pulled my braces off taking all my teeth with them. I screamed in pain while blood gushed out if my mouth leaving a puddle on the floor. The dentist laughed an evil laugh.
I woke with a start with beads of sweat on my forehead. Gasping, I reached up to my brace face mouth to check if my teeth were still there. I sighed a sigh of relief. Suddenly my mom yelled," Get down here right now! You will be late for the bus! " Staring wide eyed at the time, I jumped out of bed,raked through my hair with my fingers, and changed into a hot pink tanktop and white shorts.I grabbed my backpack and ran out of the bedroom door. As soon as I was downstairs, Mom threw a banana onto the counter. Grabbing it, I layed a kiss on my mom's cheek and dashed out the door to catch up with Julie, my bestie.
"The dentist smiled as he pulled my braces off taking all my teeth with them and like, there was blood everywhere. "I said to Julie during lunch break.She shivered as she shoveled Jello into her mouth. Then she said," I think you're overreacting the braces thing . Just smile at everyone and at every opportunity and you'll be fine. " Easy for you to say. You're not the one with the brace face. I thought.But I smiled at her anyway.
I tried to smile like Julie said but everyone stared at me like I was a smiling freak, so I slipped a note into her locker saying, Meet me after school at my place. Plan A is definitely not working. So she walked home with me after school to my house discussing options how I was going to get rid of my thoughts of "the violent dentist ". I mean , if you were victim of a dentist who "accidentally" pulled your tooth out( a perfectly good adult tooth by the way). Wouldn't you be a little scared to go back to him again?Yeah, you heard me. HE PULLED IT OUT!!!while "cleaning" my teeth. That man ...a terrible liar. So anyway, none of the options really helped. Well except one that really , really , just ruined it.