
~ No One's POV ~
It's now around the end of May and Sophia is 15 years old now. Her hair has faded back to its natural color and a light scar has been left on her left cheek leaving evidence from her past. Sophia never told anyone about the note and necklace she reseaved that night. You ask why? Because the next morning her window was steamed over and someone wrote:
'Safer to Keep Then It Is to Speak'
Sophia took that as a warning and never told anyone. She hasn't spoke much about the kidnapping besides what she told Molly and Danny. She has told Molly a little about Jason and Beck's sweet side. Only while nobody else was around tho.
Sophia refused to show up the day Jason and Beck were sentenced at court. She told her father she wanted nothing to do with them. She also told him she didn't have anything against the boys and she didn't care if they didn't get sentenced for kidnapping.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
I bet your wondering what happened to Jason and Beck, right? Well they went to trial and Jason was set under three murders leaving him with 3 years to serve. They would have gave him a lot more but all those people were under the wanted list. The boys also won the kidnapping trail that Nick and Sophia's Dad, Chad, tried to file them for.
Beck, he got the easy road and is on probation for a year. Jason took all the blame so Beck wouldn't be in jail. But why would Jason do that? Well I can't answer that question at the moment because you have to read on to see.
Jason and Beck were flown over to Illinois after they stayed at one of the stations in Alaska after getting caught. Jason's now at the the county jail. While Beck is living in an apartment til he's off probation.
~~~~~~~~~
Nick and Chad are pissed off that they didn't win the case. Chad grounded his daughter, Sophia, for making them loose the trial. Although Sophia didn't care because when she heard that her father lost the trail, she was happy. You may think she's crazy but wouldn't you if your dad went behind your back and snooped through all your things. Luckly Sophia hid the ipod, laptop and clothes she took from Jason and Beck. She was stuck in the same house as a most wanted criminal and some of the sneakyness wore off on her.
Ever since the trial Sophia has became distance from a lot of people. The only people she mainly talks to are her 2 brothers, and a few of her friends.
Every once in a while Sophia thinks back to what Jason said about her father, wondering if he was telling the truth. She has snooped around the house a bit while no one was looking... but she still hasn't found answers.