
Legolas, Tauriel, Middle Earth and all related characters and themes are property of J. R. R. Tolkien and The Hobbit franchise. Any use of original characters grants the author exclusive rights and the character should not be used without prior consent from the author.
Long ago, before the Battle of Five Armies had been fought, before the quest to reclaim Erebor had even begun to form, the realm of the great elven king was a peaceful and prosperous place. It was ruled, as all in Middle Earth know, by Thranduil: a generous and powerful wood elf. His friendship with Lord Elrond, and the province of Rivendell, was (at that time) a strong and well known alliance. The wood elves had grown a trust and respect for the elves and elf friends who abided in Rivendell and the feeling was felt throughout the lands.
As the days of plenty grew longer, Thranduil's only son, Legolas, was trained according to custom, and sent to work with the guard to learn to protect his kingdom. He excelled physically, becoming a fierce warrior and was named the official heir by his proud father, stepping into his birthright with flying colors.
The once rare spider sightings were becoming increasingly common, though their numbers were nothing compared to when Thorin and his company first stumbled into Mirkwood quite by accident (and an attack of the deadly creatures). Legolas was quickly moved into an elite group of warriors, led by Tauriel, who's chief purpose was to drive the spiders back, banishing them from Mirkwood permanently. This plan of action was taken under the counsel of Lord Elrond and carried out by the powerful Thranduil. But as the years dragged on, a tension could be felt coming over the whole of middle earth. A dark shadow seemed to fall upon the hearts of the inhabitants of Mirkwood, as the evil within the forest grew stronger. Thranduil began to feel uneasy and wished to form an official treaty to bind the two groups. Thus, he elected to send his son, along with the help of Tauriel, to journey to Rivendell and seek the counsel of Elrond and seek his help, in the form of a binding agreement, should harm ever befall Mirkwood...