
Disclaimer: Pinestown, Minnesota is not a real place as far as I know. If you do happen to find it, Harry will not be there.
Harry walked into the giant school known as Pinefield High School. He wasn't really nervous as he was confused. Why this school? He heard that it was one of the worst schools in Minnesota. And why'd his mom pick Minnesota, a freezing ice land?
He adjusted his backpack and wandered down the halls, searching for his locker.
"853, 853, 853..." Harry repeated in his head. He passed 849, then 850, 851, 852, and finally 853. He twisted the little lock until he heard a faint click over the chatter that filled the school.
A cobweb was in the corner, he guessed that no one ever used this locker judging by that thick layer of dust in it.
He decided against throwing his worn out backpack in and just carried it around.
A bell rang, ten times louder than at his old school. Then again, there were ten times more kids at this school, he pushed through the crowds to his first class. Chemistry.
The lab in room 15D was huge. It was nothing beautiful or anything like that but it probably could have fit his whole house in that lab room. Well, thaf was a bit of an exaggeration. He sat down in a seat in the back and pulled out his notebook of drawings to pick up where he left off.
"Class, please quiet down so I can take attendance!" The teacher cried. "Class!"
The noise slowly, and gradually, died down until the teacher could call out the names.
"Please raise your hand when I call you," she said. "Tina Carawell."
"Sam Gooder, Ricky Donner, Louis Tomlinson." She paused. "Louis?"
As if on queue, someone in the halls said, "See ya" and walked in. He plopped down in his desk and waved once he realized everyone was staring.
"You're late, Mr. Tomlinson," the teacher said in a stern voice.
Louis smirked, "Am I, now?"
"Yes," the teacher said, trying to get back to attendance.
Harry continued doodling, trying to ignore the obnoxious student known as Louis. He didn't really care what was being taught. He was so focused on his drawing of a mermaid he didn't realize some people staring at him like he was an exotic animal they'd never seen.
Louis tapped his pencil to the beat of his band, Starship Owl's newest song.
"Mr. Tomlinson, please quit tapping your pencil," the teacher, Ms. Grime said, stopping the lesson.
He didn't have a good comeback so he stopped and slumped in his seat. Ms. Grime was out to get Louis, it seemed. No one got in trouble in that class but Louis. He became extremely jealous of the kid who drew in the back, punishment-free.
He did a double take at the boy in back, doodling intensly. Louis hadn't seen him before. Was he new? Louis cocked his head but quickly looked away in case someone saw him. He tried focusing on what the teacher was saying but failed miserably. When was he going to use chemistry anyways?
The bell rang, and everyone got up. Well, everyone except Harry. He was so close to finishing his drawing he hadn't even realized the bell rung.
This was Louis' chance to talk to him. He walked over to Harry and tapped his shoulder.
"The bell rang, buddy," Louis said, trying to sound cool. Harry blinked a few times and noticed the class was, indeed, empty.