
"Oh." Harry got up and walked out, trying to avoid a conversation with Louis.
Harry wasn't some antisocial freak or anything like that, he just didn't want to get caught up with friends until after he figured out this huge school.
Louis, unfortunetly, didn't realize that. "What did I do wrong? Does my breath smell bad?" Louis thought. He chewed on some gum just to be sure it wasn't that. Just as he was about to walk out he noticed the boy's notebook. It was still on the desk. He quickly walked back and scooped it up.
Another oppurtunity to talk to him. Why did Louis want to talk to this mystery boy? He had enough friends and wasn't lonely. He shrugged and threw the notebook on to his pile of books.
Each class was a blur for the two boys. Louis, was focused solely on meeting the mystery boy and Harry was focused on finding his notebook that he hadn't realized he'd lost until  second period. As soon as the bell rang, Louis knew where he would find the boy. He raced to the door of the Chemistry Lab and waited patiently.
Sure enough, the mystery boy came screeching around a corner, panick was in his eyes. Those deep, green eyes.
What was Louis thinking? He shook his head before approaching Harry.
"You..uh..you left your notebook," Louis stuttered.
Harry grabbed the notebook. "You didn't look at it did you?" He asked in a somewhat angry tone.
"No, of course not. I wasn't raised in a barn, you know," Louis answered with a smile, though he was a little hurt.
"Thanks then," Harry said, relieved.
This was Louis' oppurtunity. He stopped Harry so he wouldn't leave. "Who are you, anyways?"
Louis mentally facepalmed himself. Luckily, Harry didn't find it offensive.
"Harry," he said, extending a hand to Louis. "You're Louis right?"
"So he knows me," Louis thought. "That is correct."
"Well, I'll see you around then, Louis," Harry said as he waved goodbye. Louis waved back and headed to lunch, pleased with himself.
Louis had lied a little, he flipped through a few pages of the notebook. Harry was quite the artist. Louis could only wish for drawing skills like that. Pictures of pirates and seas filled up pages. He seemed to enjoy the sea. Louis decided not to tell Harry about the notebook.
⇢⇢⇢⇢⇢⇢
Once Harry got home, he ran to his room and began drawing again. But he couldn't bring himself to do it. How could he draw when he was in a bad mood? Harry felt like a total arse for ignoring Louis at the end of chem.
But he made up for it after right? He shook his head and made some tea and pulled out his favorite book, "Table Turner". He didn't quite know what it was about the book, but it was amazing. Harry had probably read it a hundred times and he still was shocked when Sam killed his brother.
"Harry, are you home yet?" A voice called.
"Yes, mother, I'm up here," Harry called back. He was still a bit steamed about her moving his family into the district two months into the school year. But she couldn't really help it.
His mother walked into his room knocking on the door as she entered. "Hello, Harry."
He waved and continued reading, sipping his tea every few pages. She inched closer and closer until she was right next to him.
"How was your first day?" She asked. He shrugged, but said nothing. "Did you make any friends?"