
"Fine by me but don't blame me if you're too chicken to show up!" I mock as I leave the cabin. As I'm nearing the big house I bump into Clarice but she doesn't respond and keeps heading towards the strawberry fields. I take my hat out of my pocket and put it on, quickly following her through the fields.
As we came out into a clearing I could see some people gathered around the campfire. As I squinted I could tell the mist was upon them. As I came a bit closer I could distinguish three voices, Artemis, Athena and Aphrodite.
"They've become too strong. We can't control them for much longer now." Artemis started
"I agree though it is very challenging to tell them face to face. If we do so it will just endanger us and them." My mother responded. He face clouded with something I rarely see, fear.
At that point three men came forth from the forestry. Ares, Zeus and Hades.
" I agree ladies, they must be stopped. None of them can stay with the hunters nor anyone in that matter. It has become too bad." Zeus states as they come into the ring of gods.
As I look around for more gods none seem to come but I spot Clarice across the ring and I'm pretty sure that she knows what's going on.
"But what can they do? Where can the go? My daughter can't just be killed can she?" Aphrodite looks around nervously.
Daughters Which daughter?
"We must do what we can to save the ones around them and ourselves. The girls have already started turning the camp against them, one at a time. We had to start with Annabeth though because anyone before her and everything would fall apart." Hades replied, a grim look on his face.
"What must be done shall be done. We shall summon her next week at this time." My mother concluded then all the gods disappeared.
Clarice came into the clearing and was about to bolt when I tackled her. She yelped in surprise and started begging until I took off my hat. She stared at me with confusion until she regained herself but not without some confusion in her voice.
"Did you hear them?" She asked me, still pinned to the ground. I nodded. "We're they talking about us?"
I rolled off her and sighed "I think they were, me for sure though. What in hades were they talking about!?" I threw my hands up and lied down
"I've not sure but I'm sure we need to keep this between us, until we're sure. Meet back here tomorrow same time?" I nodded and we set off in different directions