
.Liam's POV.
"Not again!" I groaned. I had just walked into an almost abandoned hallway, sending the person who was there running in the other direction.
It was the last day of school and I was so glad I was finally getting out if there. "One more year in this hell hole." I mumbled, opening my locker to get my things and leave. I couldn't wait to get home and spend my summer reading and training. well, and working obviously.
No one looked at me for more than a second as I exited the school, afraid if what would happen if our eyes meet. there all terrified of me. sure I'm huge, sure I have tattoos, but I'm like this for a reason.
I came out freshman year and everyone beat me up for it, my parents kicked me out and I've been living in an old tree house ever since. It was fairly nice, all things considered, there was a nearby Starbucks. I work there too. i trained in boxing
I flopped down in the bean bag chair in the corner of the small room. this thing was abandoned a long time ago.
currently, i was reading a book by john green called looking for Alaska. i got it at the thrift shop a few blocks away.
Looking at my watch, I saw that it was 5. I had work in half an hour so I picked up my bag and made my way down the road.
I hauled my big dufflebag through the back door of Starbucks and dropped it on the floor.
I walked though the door to the front of the building and slid behind the counter.
I spent 50 minutes just sitting there, waiting for a costumer.
A small group of teenage boys walked in. Four of them, all unknown to me.
There was one in particular that caught my eye. It was a small boy, with bleached blond hair, and a cute smile. He beamed as he walked up to me.
"Hi!" He said cheerily as his friends walked over to a table. I saw that two of them were holding hands.
"Hi, what would you like?" I asked, sincere happiness evident in my voice.
"Ummm, that, that, and two of those. Oh, and six of those!" He said pointing towards the sign above my head then the display of cinnamon rolls.
"Six?" I asked, a smirk playing at my lips.
"Well, I want two, and I thought maybe you would want one." He said, a cheeky grin across his face.
"Oi, Niall! stop flirting and bring me my food you peasant!" his friend called, turning his nose to the air as he faced the other two.
We both laughed. "Well my shift is over in ten minutes so I might just have to take you up on that offer." I replied as I handed him the six cinnamon rolls.
He blew me a kiss before taking the food and joining his friends. I tried to hide my red face as I turned around and started making there drinks.
I glanced at them and saw that they were all whispering. The insanely cute Niall was blushing furiously as his friends talked to him.
I brought them there drinks and when back to prepare my own, putting the money for it in the cash register. it was 7:30 so Alice was there for the next shift. "He's cute!" she said, her eyes finding the boy I was staring at.
I smiled at her and walked towards the table where the boys were sitting. Niall was smiling brightly at me.
"Hey." I said, sliding in beside Niall who was beside his friend.
"I think we should probably introduce ourselves. I'm Niall, obviously." He said, gesturing towards him self. "This is queen Zayn." He pointed at the one who called him a peasant as the two across from us laughed. "And these idiots are Louis and Harry." He didn't specify which was which so I'll have to figure it out myself.