
Somehow, before even looking up, I knew who it was. My heart was about to leap out of my chest and start doing the 'you sure are an idiot, Abella' dance as I turned my attention to my savior. Ugg- now I sounded like a freakin damsel in distress.
"Oh. It's you again... Thanks?" He looked slightly concerned, probably not because I had just almost split my skull open, but most likely because he was wondering if I was mentally stable.
"You're welcome. Now, because I just practically saved your life, I want something in return." He had helped me up, very much against my will, leaving me to gape at him.
We were both thoroughly soaked, and I knew very well that I probably looked like a drowned cat (don't ask). "Hold on! What do you mean? Look, if you want money, I don't have any. No phone either, so I don't really know what I can give you." Now, I probably looked like a very frustrated, drowned cat.
"Who said I wanted money?" I was seriously doubting his intentions now. What if he wanted... no! I didn't even wanted to think about that. He had moved a bit closer to me, making me want to pee my pants... or smack him in the face... or both.
"I was hoping for something more like, you know, your name, possibly?" I was completely prepared to pee, hit and run before he said that.
"Wait... What?" I managed to choke out a somewhat coherent sentence, staring at him like a fool, totally caught off guard by his statement.
"You know, your name? The word people usually call you?" He looked just as confused as I felt, but managed to continue when he noticed that it was still raining. "Uh, why don't we continue this conversation indoors? There's this coffee shop right across the street. We can go there, if you want."
Nodding slightly, I followed him to the warm shelter of the shop. Realizing I hadn't replied to his first statement, I looked at him as I spoke, "And, I know what a name is, you idiot."
"Harsh words for a guy you just met. I mean, I might be an ax murderer for all you know." He grinned at me, holding the door to the warm shop, which smelled like fresh coffee and cinnamon, open for me as I hastily made my way inside.
"But, you see, I already knew that." I managed to crack a tiny smile in his direction, the first time I had in a long time. It felt nice to talk to someone but Carly again. Just a one on one conversation, it gave me some sort of hope, I had no idea why. But for once, I didn't push it back down.
"You know, we didn't have the greatest intro, so let's try again. I'm Blake Williams, I just turned nineteen, and I'm very single." He winked at the last part, causing me to roll my eyes. Inside though, my heart skipped a beat, warmth filling every inch of me.
We were seated in the corner of the shop now, across from each other. Taking a deep breath I looked up at his amazingly brown eyes as I spoke, "I'm Abella, Abella Montgomery. Almost eighteen, and not interested."
He laughed as I said this, a genuine laugh, which made me want to laugh along with him. I didn't, of course, but gave him a small smile. Judging by the look on his face though, it was more than enough.
"You know, you should smile more often. It's a good look on you, Ms. Montgomery."
--END OF CHAPTER ONE--

A/N: Dedicated to @muayii1026 for the amazing cover to the side.
As I had said, I am editing my story from beginning to end, after I realized that it wasn't detailed enough. So, this is the newly edited chapter one! I really hope this one turned out better than my first attempt. Vote and/or comment telling me what you think!