
After a moment of contemplation, I realized that this whole thing could only have one explanation- this strange cute guy was an ax murderer! He kind of looked like a Phil to me... so I decided on naming him Phil.
At that very moment he decided to chuckle a bit, which kind of put me on the edge. Ax murderers always chuckled before killing their next victims... right? Slowly, I inched farther and farther from him, so now I was sitting at the very end of the bench, praying to God that I didn't fall. If I did, my amazing escape plan would fail.
Okay so here's the gameplan: run. Carly told me the plan, which, after a bit of mental arguing, I agreed to.
"So anyway, are you lost?" I was so caught up arguing with Carly, I had completely forgotten that cute guy, aka Phil the ax murderer, was still sitting next to me. His sudden speech caused me to jump a bit, which resulted in me now being relocated to the wet sidewalk. And I must say, it was even better than the butt-freezer bench. I mean, up there my butt was just frozen. Now, it was wet too.
"Shit! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to freak you out." Phil the ax murderer had shot out of his seat once he saw me introduce my butt to the sidewalk, and was currently in front of me, a hand outstretched to help me up.
"It's fine. Now if you'll excuse me, I should get going. It was nice talking to you, Phil." Hauling myself up, I wiped my hands on my overused jeans, and started walking away without a second glance in his direction.
Jogging up to me, Phil the ax murderer looked at me with a confused expression on his face. This was the part where he would magically produce an ax and chop my head off. Plus, there weren't any people except an old lady with a walking stick on the other side of the road, so he could easily kill me and would get away with-
"Okay, first of all, my name isn't Phil. How did you even...? You know what? I'll just pretend you never called me that. And second of all, I can't just leave you here in the rain! I'll drive you to wherever it is you so urgently need to go to. Okay?" So now he wanted to kidnap me, then kill me with his magical ax? Yeah... not happening.
"No thanks. I'm just gonna walk away... like right about now... yeah... Okay, bye!" As I spoke slowly, I began taking small steps away from the ax murderer, whose name was apparently not Phil (it probably was, and he was just lying to me). Right when I said bye, I spun around and sprinted away from the but-freezer bench and guy whose name 'wasn't' Phil.
I had always been proud of my speed. It was something no one could take away from me, unlike the many other things that had been. The feeling of pushing yourself so much, to the point where the pain just goes away, was something I had always loved.
So, when I started sprinting away from the cute ax murderer dude, I was almost a hundred percent sure that I had lost him. Unfortunately, the odds are never in my favor. I could practically feel him gaining on me with every step, which made my heart rate accelerate to the point where I started having a headache. I couldn't die... I had to do something first.
Once again becoming lost in my thoughts, I stopped looking at where I was going. At that precise moment, I slipped on the wet sidewalk, completely losing my footing.
There's this feeling you get when you're about to fall. Everything kind of slows down, and in your state of shock, you can't move at all, the only thought racing through your mind is that you know it's gonna hurt.
That's exactly what happened to me, only right as I was about to introduce yet another body part to the sidewalk, I was stopped. Tilting my eyes to the side, I realized that my head was currently hovering about three inches from my new bestie, sidewalk.