
Chapter One: Befriending the Ax Murderer
"There are two kinds of secrets. The ones we keep from others and the ones we keep from ourselves."
-Frank Warren
---
Another drop of rain splattered on my nose, causing me to sneeze for the twelfth time in this minute. The wind whipped my loosely tied hair and left a slight stinging sensation as it made contact with my pale face. I sighed deeply, pushing back the strands of hair that had managed to come free .
You would expect that the weather would be warmer near the west coast compared to the east, where I was from. Unfortunately, not this time. The bus I had just got off of had passed a sign that had said 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada!' So far though, there wasn't really anything 'fabulous' about it.
Gray clouds were heavily scattered around the sky, which made no sense. Wasn't Nevada a desert? Apparently the fates hated me so much, they even went to the extent of changing the climate.
Currently, I was seated on a freezing bench which had made my bottom go numb. A truly lovely experience, I would presume. I mean, who doesn't want to have a frozen butt?
"Why me? I'm really not in the mood right now!" You can officially call me mental now. I was yelling at the sky, because that's obviously going to help the situation. Groaning, I sagged lower into the seat, covering my face with my hands. Why was life so damn hard?
"I don't think yelling at the clouds is going to help." Great, now my brain was talking to me.
"Shut up." Everything was quiet for a second after I said this, before I realized that my inner sense was most definitely not a boy. My head shot up with extreme speed, the effort making my neck pop.
"Ugh... oww." Rubbing my neck, I cautiously peered over my shoulder to find a young man looking at me with a very amused expression. Just my luck-I always have to make to worst first-impressions in front of the cute guys.
I stared at him carefully for a second, before slowly turning back to my original position. I was definitely hallucinating. The guy behind me was way too good looking to even notice me. He looked maybe three or four years older than me, and was probably almost six feet tall. Not too muscular, but at the same time, definitely not scrawny. His brown hair was pushed up in the front, the rest concealed by a gray beanie.
Noticing that it had become silent except for the sound of the slow rain and wind, I hesitantly looked back once again, turning around even faster this time. He was still there, watching me intently with his beautiful chocolate brown eyes.
No, no no. He does not have 'beautiful, chocolate brown eyes', idiot. He's just an image created by you, because you are clearly mentally unstable. Now shut up and don't look back again. Now, that was definitely my inner sense, Carly. We usually had a pretty good relationship, seeing that we spent a lot of time alone together.
Some gravel crunched, and my imaginary cute boy was suddenly sitting next to me on the butt-freezer bench. My imagination was becoming more and more exemplary, this guy seemed so real. But Carly said he wasn't, so I was going to go with what she told me.
"Well, sorry for freaking you out. I didn't mean to interrupt your conversation with the... clouds." He coughed awkwardly, looking at me with a sheepish expression.
"Umm...no problem? You weren't intruding at all, no worries." Leave it to me to have the most idiotic conversation with a cute guy I just met... who was probably imaginary.