
"Summeeeer!" screaming at the top of my voice in excitement. It was a beautiful morning. The sun was shining , the flowers blooming , everything just perfect. Opening my cupboard , I spot a pink short and put it on. I run to the bathroom , brushed , did what I had to do , then I went downstairs.
My mom was making pancakes and my dad was sitting at the table reading the newspaper and drinking coffee. "Good morning mummy," and I kissed her temple. "Good morning sweety." "Morning daddy!" I gave him a tight hug then he pecked my cheek and replied , "Morning hunny , how are you today?" , " I'm fine , thanks for asking."
"....So I'm putting my defences up , 'cause I don't wanna fall in love , if i ever did that , I think I'll have a heartaaaaaaack..." "Manal your phone." My phone was ringing. Missing some few steps , I jumped upstairs finally reaching my room. I picked up my blue iPhone and saw a missed call from Tiff__(My bestie). Just when I was about to call back I got a text from her.
Tiff : Mimi , we wanna come over. Is that okay?
Me : Why so calm today? Lolz wait lemme ask first.
Tiff : Its Lewis , I'll tell you when I come.
"Maaaammaaa!" yelling from my room , my mom run up the stairs like a maniac. "What , what?" , "Mummy Tiffany , Liam and the others want to come over , is it okay with you?" "Manal Lawren!Do you know how I'm feeling now?!? I thought something happened to you.." , "hahahaha!" I laughed out. "Sure they can come but no naughty games!" she pointed her finger and left my room.
Okay a game of truth or dare wasn't that naughty. I mean come on we are a group of 16 , 17 and 18 year olds. We are grown.
I held up my phone and texted Tiff.
Me : I'm back!!:)
Tiff : So what did she say?
Me : She said yes!
Tiff : Awesome..I"ll be on my way.
Me : But I say no.Dont come!
Tiff : ....?What's wif you Manal? You acting strange..
Me : Hahahaha...dude chill I'm jx messing wif ya..I'll be waiting.
I put my phone down then went to take a shower. Soaking wet, I came out of the tub , put the towel around me and skipped to my room , wore my clothes and went downstairs to have breakfast.(IKR , I was now having breakfast)
"OMG this pancakes are the bomb!" I groaned munching on some pancake. I have 5 friends coming over and here I am having breakfast. I finished the last one in my plate when suddenly the bell went "Ding-Dong".
"I'm coming!"
Tiff jumped on me. Then followed Liam, then James , then Cora and finaly Alex. I just fell on the floor as we all laughed. Even my mom and dad.
"Okay guys , go up to the room!"My mom exclaimed.
"Hey Mr and Mrs.L ," they all greated apart from Tiff.
"Hi aunty , hi uncle!" Yeah she mostly came over so she knows my parents better than any of the others. Besides , she is my bff.
We were halfway to my room when my mom just bumped out of nowhere, "Don't do anything naughty!" She winked and walked away.Good thing I connected the games or the boys would have killed me. Whiles Cora and Tiff sat on my bed, the boys were on the floor concentrating on the screen. I decided to go get some snacks. I got back as fast as I can and hopped on my bed opening a bag of chips.
" Soo...what happened?" waiting for Tiff to tell me bout her love life.