
Oliver shoved Jamie over, who, being on crutches, fell over instantly. His crutches clattered to the floor and Jamie was unable to get up. Oliver’s friend took his glasses and stepped on them, completely smashing the glass that allowed Jamie to see properly. For the second time in twenty minutes I felt the cold blood rush up to my face. This wasn’t right! Jamie cried out in horror, unable to see. His crutches lay just to the left and right of him. Oliver kicked them out of the poor boy’s reach. I froze, having a terrible thought. That knife in his back pocket… Oliver could seriously hurt someone with that when he was sober. But if he was drunk that was a whole different story. Considering how easily he had pulled it on me. I take a deep breath. And let it out. The wind picked up and died down with each of my breaths. I breathed in even deeper, slowly taking Oliver’s knife out his back pocket. He didn’t notice and the knife flew into my hand, nearly slitting my wrist as it came.  Oliver suddenly whirled around. Maybe he wasn’t as oblivious as I had thought…. Oops. He screamed at the top of his lungs, “Where are you?! Come out you little-“ And I don’t think I should list what he said next. Swearing and cursing. Aimed at who? Me. Of course it was.

I stepped out calmly, brushing the leaves off my clothes. I smile brightly, which is a big achievement for me. “I heard you call?” I asked, my voice honey sweet. I was still holding his knife. Jamie stared in shock, Oliver stared with fury in his eyes. I laughed and Oliver narrowed his eyes. “Are you laughing?” he questioned. “God, you’re that dumb you don’t know what a laugh sounds like?” I sneered. Jamie shook his head behind Oliver’s back. I ignored him.  I smirked at Oliver. At least he was distracted from Jamie. Suddenly a car pulled up next to me and I groaned. My “mother” Julie stepped out. “Has my daughter been causing you trouble?” she asked Oliver with a stern glance at me. Oliver immediately burst into a fit of fake tears. “Yes Miss! She was yelling and screaming at me!” he sobbed. I raised my shoulders and my mouth made the shape of an angry “O”. “What are you playing at?!” I yelled at him. Julie put a finger on my lips, gave me a disapproving look and nodded for Oliver to continue. Jamie was just watching with his head whipping back and forth. Oliver continued. “She even pointed a knife at me! She’s completely drunk, she’s on drugs and she’s mean!” he cried. Julie stared at me. “That’s it!” she yelled. “GET IN THE CAR!” “But-“ I began to protest. “NO BUTS! Get in that car right NOW!” I climbed in, folded my arms and glared out the window at Oliver. Julie was talking to him in a soothing tone, before turning to the car and walking towards it. Oliver grins at me and waves mockingly behind her back. I’m so annoyed that I wrote a swear on the window in black marker. Julie yelled some more but I didn’t care. I was so in for it anyway…
So this will be a whole new story. That's a picture of my main character there at the side. I hope to keep this story going but I might not be able to update too regularly. Thanks for reading and let me know what you thought in the comments! Bye!