
I watched all the other kids from the corner of the playground.  Why was I…so different?! They were all so happy, so joyful and carefree. Me? I spent my days watching them all and getting kicked around from house to house to house.  I was always the weird kid, the strange one, the troubled one. The one all the adults steered their children away from. The one no-one liked.  I was going to be lucky if I didn’t get kicked out of my “family” within three more days.  I never lasted more than a week. Never.
OK so I’m a foster kid. Short, dark, choppy hair, a leather jacket with silver spiky studs on the shoulder, grass-green eyes.  That’s me. As pale as death. Everyone calls me the vampire behind my back. That’s fine with me. I hate them all anyway. I hate myself too. I’m the weirdo and I’m fine with that, but I’m also the only surviving member of my family. I was sleeping peacefully one night when there were screams and yells and a freezing cold wind ripped me from my bed. It saved me, but killed my family. Guess what? I got the blame. My mum, my step-dad and my two year old sister. All gone.  In an instant. Because of me? I think so too. But I don’t know how. I was just extremely upset about having no-one to confide in. And then- BOOM! Mega wind storm! Tornado, whatever you want to call it. And my house was the only one affected.
I really liked using my powers but they exhaust me. I loved making the trees rustle in the cold, winter winds and listening to the sounds. I also loved the sound of water freezing. Many people claimed you couldn’t hear that but I can. Yay. Another point to add to the list off “Reasons I am a freak”. So in short, my life sucked. I mean… Most people said I have it easy. Easy. Anything but. Come on, I was currently being beaten! My sleeves and trousers and clothes in general hid the scars and bruises but they were still there! Sore as ever.  My foster “family” hated me. I don’t know why, they just DID. Well not surprising as nearly everyone did.  But honestly? My family? So that was me. And my life. Zero friends, zero family, zero comfort. All alone. Forever.
On this particular day I was walking home, not watching where I was going. I was reading my favourite book, The Emerald Atlas, again, the fourth time in three months. I read a lot. Fictional characters were really the only ones I could relate to. I also listened to a lot of music, for the exact same reason.  And I wasn’t watching, walking while reading. Idiotic huh? Well that’s me, so get used to it. And as I was walking, I heard the normal shouts and all. I ignored it. “Hey you!” some boy called. His friends snickered. I kept walking. “You! Weird loner girl, whatever your name is!” I felt my cheeks freeze, which is what they do when I get mad or annoyed. Instead of blushing, I paled. How strange was that?! I walked straight into him, my nose still buried in my book. He raised his eyebrows. “There’s no need to be afraid,” he grinned. I instantly hated him. All my instincts were screaming “RUN!” but I ignored them as well. They never did me any good.
I rolled my eyes. “Not afraid. Just annoyed of you and your so-called flirting,” I replied. His facial expression turned to shock and outrage. “Who the hell said I was hitting on you?!” he yelled. I shrugged. “It’s pretty obvious you like me,” I said back, hiding a smile. He pulled out a wicked sharp knife. And he pointed it over my heart. “Tell me who said it,” he growled, bringing his face right up to mine. I could smell the alcohol on his breath. This isn’t good…. Part of me warned. You just figured out?! My other half yelled back. For some reason, this happened. I tended to argue with myself, talk to myself, laugh to myself. But now definitely wasn’t the right time.  My heart was fluttering like mad in my chest. I leaned back. He pushed the knife closer. I felt like screaming and a sob nearly passed my lips. Instead of screaming and running, I drew myself up to my full height and stared him in the eyes. “I’m not scared,” I repeated. He glared at me for a few minutes. And he finally lowered the knife. His friends were dying of laughter behind him. I kept my attention focused on this boy. There was another smaller boy coming down the road on crutches right at that moment. The bully’s gaze flickered instantly over to him. He looked back at his friends, who were grinning and laughing, pointing at the younger boy. “Another time,” he barked, spit flying into my face. I wiped it off with my sleeve and shrugged. “As you wish,” I said in a bored tone. I ducked behind a bush when he turned and watched carefully. The bully -if I recalled correctly his name was Oliver- walked over to small Jamie. I think that was his name. He’d talked to me once. One person who didn’t think I was a freak. The only one in my entire dark little world.