
Hey Pickles, my name is Gigi. I deleted this chapter on accident so now I am rewriting his chapter sorry. Any way this is my 2nd book I am writing on wattpad.
REMEMBER THAT THIS BOOK HAS NOT BEEN EDITED SO SORRY FOR ALL THE MISTAKES. I WILL BE EDITING THIS BOOK ONCE IT IS COMPLETED.
Ivy POV
Quack, Quack
"Hello is anyone there?"
Quack, Quack
"Im serious, who is that?"
Omg what is that seriously it is creepy, suddenly I stumbled back from force. What? I looked down and saw a cute duck, awhh.
"Hey there little duck," I say.
"I'm not little you dumb human."
What the actual fudge on toast? Did it just talk? Na ducks can't talk thats im-
"Hey human, your dumber that I thought and yes I can talk." He says sassy.
What? Did I say that out loud?
"Yes oh gosh your incredibly stupid."
" Ok, Mrs Duck how can you talk?"
"Do I look like a lady? Huh? No it's Mr. I'm a man, and to answer your question I just open my beak and bam." He says aggressively.
All of a sudden he bumps me over and I land on my back. How can he be so strong. He starts waddling towards my face. haha Waddling
"What are doing?" I ask and he doesn't reply he just starts slapping me with his webbed feet.
"Wha--Not the eyes oww."
"Wake up Ivy, Ivy." Someone shakes me.
"Ivy, Ivy." They start poking.
My eyes shoot open and I see Ivory's blonde hair sweeping across my cheeks. Phew Mr Duck is gone.
"Ivy, breakfast is ready come down." She says cutely while curling my wavy blonde hair around.
"Okay, why dont you down stairs and watch some Spongebob while I just take a shower." I smile at her and she jumps up then sprints downstairs.
I shoved the covers off of me and grabbed a fluffy towel then headed to the bathroom. I stripped my clothes off and the warm water tickled on my skin. It is safe to say that I am terrified of ducks. I washed myself im Raspberry scented body wash and shampoo, yumm.
I hopped out of the shower and headed into my room also know as my safe haven. My room had Red and White walls. I saw my study books scattered around my desk, I am not a nerd by the way. I just like to get good marks oh wow that does sound like a nerd. But I'm not.
Today was the first day of senior year in Denver High. So I ahd to make a bit of effort in my clothes, okay not that much but yeah. I tossed some clothes on and checked my appearance.
I was wearing my black skinny jeans, my favourite t-shirt that had 'I ♥ Raspberries' across it, I also had on my red vans. I straightened my natural wavy blonde hair which sits above my waist and placed a black beanie on it. I didn't put on make up because I don't but I used some Raspberry baby lips, yummy.
I nodded at my appearance and grabbed my school bag then skipped downstairs. I cringed as I saw My parents kissing eww.
"PDA alert that you very much." I coughed loudly only to recieve a chuckle from them both.