
"Don't worry honey you'll be all over your boyfriend, when you get one." Mom winks at me as she places my pancakes on them with Raspberries and whip cream. Obviously I love Raspberries and do I care? No.
"Darling she is not getting a boyfriend anytime soon." Dad growls playfully and mom just flips him off, I love them so much.
My mom, June is beautiful really. She has short blonde hair and green eyes which I inherited but I had a little specks of blue. She was pretty short standing at 5 ft 4 where as I am 5 ft 3 Dammn. Oh and she is the best cook in history of all cooks.
My dad, Marc is pretty tall he is 6 ft 3 and looks pretty intimidating but he is a giant softy. He has short dirty blonde hair and royal blue eyes. He is very overprotective of me though he say and I quote ' boys want one thing and that is ,you know your womanly parts. Therefore you shall not date for a while. ' And he says it everytime I look at a hot guy, like C'mon.
Then there is Chase he Is absolutely the best brother. He is 20 years old and in college and sadly only visits once a month. When he was in Denver High he was like the golden boy I was well Jelly. He has blonde hair and blue eyes. He is pretty muscular and has a couple of tattoos on his arms. Me being 3 years younger that him is annoying because he is also overprotective. But I love him, so yeah.
And lastly there is Ivory my adorable little sister. She is 4 and has really curly blond hair with green eyes. I love her so much.
I swallowed the last bite of the pancakes and grabbed my Raspberry Milkshake from the fridge.
"Any way gotta go or I will be late." I said and kissed them all. I grabbed my bag and milkshake then headed to my Audi, it isn't the fancies but it gets me to Hell and back also known as school.
With that I sigh and drive off with my milkshake in one hand.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Im terribly sorry about deleting this chapter before. Any way hope you enjoyed, the next one will be better hopefully.
Comment and Vote please.
-Gigi♡