
I look around the lunch room, watching as everyone else at with a large group of friends, while I sit alone, barely eating the slop that was in front of me. 'No one wants to hang around with a cancer patient," I mentally tell myself as I push the tray aside and pull out my beaten, torn, bright-blue notebook. The covers were barely hanging onto the spiral, and there were coffee stains, tear stains, and ink blotches, covering each page. I shakily pick up my travel mug of black coffee, just the way I like it.
I begin to jot down some random words about my emotions that I would later turn into a song maybe, when I felt someone tap my shoulder, and I turn around to face the most stunning woman I had ever laid my eyes upon. She had long red hair that was wild with curls, it almost looks like fire as the cool air rushes in as someone opens the double doors that lead outside. She shivers as the air hits her bare forearms.
When I hear the doors swing shut again and she becomes still again. I look up her long legs, to her small waist, passed her magnificient breasts, and finally landing on her perfect face, that was dusted with freckles along her nose. She smiles, not flashing her teeth as she sits down beside me. I can't help but marvel at her beautiful physique. She snaps her fingers, drawing me back to reality. I smirk. "What is such a sexy thing like you doing sitting all the way over here?" I ask flirtatiously. Her eyes widen slightly and she shifts uncomfortably. I feel offended at her actions and turn back to working on my poem. I feel her eyes on me, but I don't look up. "You know, staring is considered rude in this country." She clears her throat.
"I'm just trying to understand why a high school student just referred to a teacher as sexy," she counters. I stiffen and turn to look back at her. She smirks and holds her hand out. "I'm Miss Davidson, the new chemistry teacher for the junior and senior class." My eyes harden and I look away from her, ignoring her gesture. After a few moments of silence, she speaks again, "And you are who exactly?" I sit up and shove my notebook back into my bag quickly. I zip it up and grab my coffee, leaving the new teacher to sit alone. I burst through the doors that lead into the hallway and start towards the library.
I hear heels clicking behind me. "Hold it right there, young lady!" a voice calls. I stop and turn to glare back as Miss Davidson approaches me. She crosses her arms over her chest in frustration. "You do NOT walk away from me." I smirk cockily.
"Well I JUST did. What are you going to do about it?" I ask. She steps back, stunned that I was challenging her. She becomes firm again and places her hands on her hips.
"What is your name?" she asks sternly. I snicker.
"None of your business. You may be a teacher, but I sure as HELL don't have to listen to you." I turn on my heel, walking away once again.
"Either you tell me or the principal is going to be hearing about this." I turn around and throw my free hand into the air.
"What is he going to do? You don't know my name anyway, so it's not like he can do anything. Even if you did report me he wouldn't do shit." Her eyes widen as the words roll of my tongue.
"And why might that be?" I shrug my shoulders, tears welling up in my eyes.
"Because who would want to punish a kid with cancer?" Her jaw drops and I turn on my heel, leaving her there. I didn't have to take that. From anyone, ESPECIALLY her. I force my way through the entraceway of the school, and begin the long walk home.