
Life Hacks:
1. Use lemon juice and olive oil to get rid of deep scars (I have two really ugly scars on the top of my hand where I had to have surgery on a broken arm a few years back and its lessening the appearance of them )
2. If you have a super hard time sleeping, listen to your favorite kind of music (examples for me are Pierce the Veil, Sleeping with Sirens, Scary Kids Scaring Kids, Fall Out Boy, Panic At The Disco, that stuff).
3. Almost every anime ever made is on YouTube.
4.  If you have a dog, don't give him sugar, it gives the same reaction as it would with children.
5. When you're doing lipsticks, always use lip liner at first, it prevents the lipstick from feathering later on.
6.  Paint your room and wait three days before going back in; the paint fumes will have dissipated by then.
Favorites
Oh my everloving Jesus guys, this book here on wattpad is ADDICTING and I would recommend you read it, and its called Accidentally On Purpose and it was written by Algort.
And the album 1989 by Taylor Swift has released and WOOOAHHHHHHHHH its so good.
And a song called The Deep End by Scary Kids Scaring Kids is absolutely amazeballs.
This website (and store) called Hot Topic is amazing and they have many amazing clothes.
And for you dog and animal people, my dog has been going crazy for these dog treats that we got at a local Walmart and they're the Busy treats and thy are so awesome!
Rant
Oh my god, so this has really upset me recently.
If you go on YouTube, you'll find that there are many  youtubers with a past, a past specifically with them being a different gender.
The thing that bugs me is that when you watch one of their videos and scroll through the comments section, many people are saying that God made them how they are, and its bad for them to change the body God gave them.
Hold onto your tits, I'm about to get mean.
God gave them that body for them to do what they want with. God wants you to be happy, not miserable. And if them changing their gender, their looks, their lifestyle makes them happy, its not your responsibility to reprimand them for being happy. Screw off. When it comes down to the apocalypse and all our work comes to a vibrant end, God will accept the ones who lived well, and didn't live in vain. He wants you to be happy. So, if being happy is dating the same gender or switching genders, its your life and I support you.
So screw off you discriminative wads of crap, and let them live their life, and you live yours. Keep your mouth shut and your opinion to yourself, because many people, including me, don't want to hear it.