
AnRi is ariadne's nickname.~percy~Just a normal day hanging out with my friends, hazel, Nico, Jason and thals we were sitting on the beach.'Roman is better thals admit it!''No Jason Greek is way better!'Just arguing about who's better. Then Ariadne came running up to us.'Guys the gods want to see all of us except you thals, Artemis wants you to go back to the hunters.' She said. Thalia nodded and ran off.'What is it Ri?' Nico asked,' what do they want.''I don't know but Chiron sounded worried.' She frowned.'Lets go then,' hazel said.~time skip to Olympus~Zeus and Poseidon looked pissed!!!!'Children, you our not children of the gods of Olympus, and before you find out your true parents we must eliminate you.' Zeus said.'Wait, I know I'm not a child of Olympus!' Ri said'Child you are more powerful than even you know.' Athena said.We looked at eachother as Zeus raised his master bolt. We all got the message. RUN!We bolted.~Time skip a few weeks~~Ariadne~We were cornered. The hunters were closing in. The rest of the seven were on the next street. And the 5th cohort was only a block away. We have no where to go.'THALIA!' Jason screamed at his sister,' why are you doing this?' He had tears in his eyes.'They said you were plotting against Olympus, they said you were dangerous, too powerful.' She said, I noticed she had tears streaming down her cheeks as well.'Why would we do that thals?' Nico asked,' you know us!''They swore on the Styx,' she shouted. She raised her bow.'THALIA VOID, YOU STOP THAT RIGHT NOW,' a voice boomed out behind us, Thalia looked shocked.'That's not my name,' she said puzzled.'Yes it is child, you are my daughter.' The voice said. I turned around and saw a man in a black suit. With a jolt I realised he had the exact same hair colour as me. My hair was in a messy not on my head, but you could still plainly see, the exact same shade of black.'Who are you?' Nico asked.'Why son don't you recognise me?' The man asked.'You're chaos, aren't you,' I said eyeing him.'Why Ariadne, you always were the cleverest out of all of my children,' he laughed.'What do you mean you children?' I asked aiming my sword at him.'Why you are my children. I hid you on earth for when you were born there was a war on my planet, I didn't want to endanger you, so I sent you here.' He said.'You're lying,' hazel said.'My dear, I'm not.' Chaos said'He's not hazel,' I wasn't sure how I knew but I did.'Why Ariadne, well done. Now you, my children have a choice. You can stay here and let the gods catch you, or come home with me.' We looked at eachother.'Ok, we'll come,' percy said.'Ok so I have five of my children back but what about you Thalia, do you wish to come too?' Thalia looked shocked.'Well duh, if you're my family.' She nodded.'Come my children, they will be here soon.' He waved his hand and a portal appeared,' step through here and I will tell you more about your family.'We stepped through.~percy~'My children I must now unlock your full powers, percy you first,' I stepped forwards,' first I must tell you son that you are In fact a twin!' Wait what?'Ariadne you too,' she groned.'Does that mean I'm Percy's twin?''Yup,' dad grinned.'Who's older?' I asked.'Neither, you're brain children, like that children of Athena.' He said.'Wow that's weird.' I said.'Ok percy, you're the joint second most powerful being in the universe, joint with your twin. You and your sister both have almost the same amount of power as me, and are joint airs to the void.' He grabbed a ball of light and threw it at me. I crumpled to the ground and the others rushed forward.'I'm fine, I'm fine,' I said.'Oh and I just thought I'd let you know, your mother is Nyx,' chaos said.'Wait I hate her, and she hates me,' I said.'Hey at least you didn't grow up with her,' Ri said'Still, she's pissed about the Tartrus tour.' They all gave me a puzzled looked and I gave them a look back that said not now.An I'm to lasy to write them all getting their full powers so here they are.Ariadne- joint second most powerful being, most of chaos' power.Jason & Nico- joint third most powerful beings, three quaters of chaos' power.Thalia & Hazel- joint fourth most powerful beings half of chaos' power.