
(Okay hello this is my first story on wattpad and it's gonna be a cannon x reader)
First off (e/c) eye color (h/c) hair color (h/l) hair length (f/n) first name (l/n) last name
Second this is a romance, but I'm not into the perfect fairytales where everything is nice and dandy the whole time,
Or when the girl meets the boy and it's like "Omg lets be like Anna and Hons or Carly Ray Jepson's freaking "call me maybe"" No romances don't just poof we are dating and forever together now .-. Unless you are the girl who decided to date all my friends' c:
So yeh my stories will be Humorous, Stupid, Tragic, Sad. I will give out warnings though cause I'm not that evil c:
Thirdly I'm sorry if characters change just a bit or my grammar is horrific please be patient wit me v,v
Fourthly, yes I'm that dummy who only uploads every week or so but I promise I will upload like three to four parts at a time so yeh ^^
Ok well let's start us off with a Spencer Reid x Reader Story because I LOVE HIM TO DEATH GO MATTHEW GREY GUBLER YEH GO BOI!!!
"Hey _____ Briefing room in ten." Hotch said to you as he walked by telling the others.
"Mkay I'll be there" you replied closing the files on your computer and getting up turning around seeing Garcia as she came up to you giving you a big hug.
"____ you're back! I have missed seeing you for coffee every week" She said smiling as you nodded hugging her back.
"You too, I am glad I am back." You replied. You had been gone for three months after getting pulled from the team for a bit to do work for a different unit, and to slide in some more negotiation practice. You were glad to be home, not just in your own apartment, but here with Garcia, Morgan, Hotch, Prentiss, Spencer, JJ, and Rossi. You always felt at home here with everyone. After seeing Garcia it was time to go to the briefing room.
----Briefing room----
Inside the briefing room you sat down next to Rossi getting some papers for the case. JJ pulled up the case explaining what they would be working on. There has been multiple murders of mothers and abductions of their sons. In each case the son has been 13 to 15. 5 cases have been found and not a single boy found so far. All cases happening in Alabama. The team got up and got ready to leave.
As you got up you bumped into Spencer and laughed apologizing. Spencer shook his head and in his usual crackly adorable tone smiled "its fine no need to apologize ____" he replied dipping his head with a wave and walked out of the room you following behind him.
Half an hour later on the plane you sat quietly reading up on the case as the other did. Rossi and you began discussing the case. You enjoyed speaking to Rossi he was so wise and any smart person could tell he was just by his voice and his eyes. "Well the question is why he is abducting these boys and killing the mother?" Rossi asked looking at you. You thought about it, did they have a bad mother? Did something happen to their mother? Maybe something against single mothers? All the victims were single mothers
"From the looks the unsub is middle aged Male most likely, he could have had a rough past with a single mother of his own." You said softly looking at the boys and the mothers. JJ did say each mother has a history or a current problem with drugs, and that the boys weren't too great in school or had stopped going totally.
Spencer piped up hearing your conversation with Rossi "Most kids with parents under the influence of drugs have social problems, the unsub could see himself in those kids." You nodded softly agreeing. You looked out the window of the jet with tired eyes, you still had a long flight ahead of you. You have always had trouble sleeping on the jet or while working on cases. While everyone else dozed off you sat there awake.