
"Actually that could be it that could be it. That's how he could find his victims." Spencer said thinking about it. That's when your phone rang, it was Garcia you picked up the phone answering it
"Hey Garcia find anything?" you asked. Garcia had found quite a few in the system. You had her narrow it down to middle aged white men with a job with very little social needs such as, shelf stocking, refilling vending machines and such. Garcia found three matches, you needed to narrow it down more but how?
"What about someone who has a past record of drugs, drug dealing, and violence towards women?" Spencer piped up and Garcia confirmed there was one man who matched the profile.
"Good job genius he has an address, its 129 XXXX dr." Garcia replied and you put your coffee down and left the room to tell everyone else. You saw Hotch
"Hotch Garcia found the unsub." You said quickly spewing the address "129 XXXX dr." Hotch nodded getting together the team. Spencer handed you your phone and started for the cars and you followed. You got into the passenger seat and Spencer got in the back and Rossi got in starting the car driving down the street Morgan and Prentiss behind you. Minutes later you pulled up to an apartment, you got out pulling out your gun heading in behind Rossi and Spencer. You headed into the living room while Rossi and Spencer headed to the other rooms.
"Spencer, ____! He's in here!" Rossi shouted. You rushed into the kitchen where there was rossi holding a man with greasy brown hair and an unshaven face against the wall. You had finally caught him but where were the kids? The entire place had been searched through and not a single boy had been found.

----Interrogation room----
You sat across the table from the man his name was 'Harold Jemeson'. You sat there going over the files then looked at the man "Do you have anything to do with the murders of five mothers and the abduction of their sons?" You asked looking at him with your piercing e/c eyes.
"No" he replied.
"Well we have found drugs and the numbers of the five mothers who were killed in your apartment. So just tell us where you are holding these boys?" You said sternly.
"I'm not holding them I'm housing them they are being taken care of."  he replied almost offended by what you said.
"Housing? Taken care of?" you questioned him then stood up walking around the table to him "You call this Taking care of someone? You killed their mother! You took them away from their friends! You are a terrible care taker for these boys!" you shouted to him. He became enraged and got up grabbing your shoulders shaking you violently as you tried getting him off you as he easily over powered you throwing you to the ground.
"You shut up! You don't know me! I take care of them greatly!" He shouted as Prentiss and Spencer came in quickly. Prentiss grabbed the man forcing him back into his chair as Spencer helped you up and took you out of the room, leaving the man with Prentiss.
Spencer hovered over you as JJ stopped the bleeding from your head, she was always so sweet; she was like a mother to everyone on the team. You shook your hands at them softly "I'm ok guys I just need to sit for a bit the bleeding will stop soon." JJ sighed and let you hold the rag on your head as she looked at spencer.
"Spence can you take _____ to the other room?" JJ said softly as she looked over at Prentiss in the interrogation room.