
"Hey kid you should get to sleep" You heard Rossi's voice behind you as he handed you a blanket and patted your shoulder. He was like an uncle to you just like how Hotch was like a dad.
"Thank you Rossi." You replied
"You're welcome" he said going back to his seat sitting down next to Morgan who was asleep along with JJ. The whole team has been so drained lately it's a bit depressing, but so is the job so you don't blame them, the job upset you too at times. You continued thinking to yourself 'We need to go have dinner together after this case..."
After the long flight where you had gotten ten minutes of sleep the jet landed. Everyone was up except for Morgan, you came up and nudged him softly "Hey Morgan we are here..." You said softly as Morgan woke up.
"Hey thanks (insert cute nickname because the author is a dumbass)" Morgan said in his deep smooth voice. You nodded heading out of the jet with the rest of the team.
----Killers POV----
((Yes this will be like the show I'm planning on having quotes too))
Five boys sat in a old concreate room together, one of them was freaking out just plain hysterical. "Look you need to stop freaking out we will be fine! He hasn't killed us so far right?" One boy said sitting on the floor with his hands over his head. The other three too scared to speak, all their clothes were dirty and grimy. There the noise of a door opening and someone coming down the stairs. It was a man, he came to the boys in the make shift jail sell tossing them some clothes.
"Change into these... I'll go wash your clothes..." the man said as those boys grabbed the clean clothes while the man started filling a large metal bucket full of warm water in the boys' cell. The boys drank some of the water and scrubbed there faces of the filth that covered them. The man smiled seeing this as he thought to himself 'I'll take good care of you.... I will make everything better for you."

----Teams POV----
You sat in a room taking on the phone while JJ spoke to the upset grandparents and uncles and aunts. "Garcia I need you to see how many people in a five hundred mile radius how many teenagers around 10 to 15 years ago lost their single mother who had drug habits please." You said into the phone.
"Ok honey leave it to me" Garcia said hanging up as you leaned back thinking for a bit this case seeming to just get to you and you didn't understand why, you just didn't like this case. Spencer walked through the doors with files in his hand and a coffee, the aroma from the coffee filled the room.
"Hey ___... I brought you some coffee." Spencers voice filled your ears and you smiled softly thanking him as you took the coffee, Spencer has always been so sweet to you sense you joined the unit.
"Hey Reid..." you said quietly to tell him about the case upsetting you
"Yeh ___?" Spencer replied looking at you with a blank yet happy look.
"This case....." you hesitated to tell him bringing yourself to totally change what you were gonna say "Do you think that maybe he knew the mothers...? Maybe sold the drugs to them..?" you said looking at him from the files.