
(Edited)
I flinch everytime the sound of my father's hand makes contact with my mom's body. I try to block out the cries. Everytime he's done hitting her he usually start to drink. I've tried stopping it but just turns worst against my mom.I was an only child which I was grateful and sad for. I wouldn't have like my brother or sister to live with what I did. My mom by day work and night a punching bag. Our life continued like this until one time was almost our end.
******
"LISA!" The voice of my boss pulls me out of my thoughts. I've learn not to flinch each time she yells. I think of it as the way she talks.
This was job number- I lost count. I would at first loose them because my dad would leave bruises in my arms. I tried covering them but one way or another but my bosses would found them.Not good for their image.
I know its not their fault but my dad's.
"I need you to get table 6 sweet tea." Ahh, yes sweet tea runs out here as quick as our money for rent. Happens when you live Texas. I get up and make my way to the table.
I try not to groan when I realize who was sitting at the table. Image if home was bad place,so school was close to it. I had no friend they all thought I was weird because I chose to read books and spend a lot of time in the library it got worst when they found out my mom and I were beaten until my dad's satisfaction was feed.
Then no one would even look at me.
I've never had a best friend or a boyfriend. Who I'm kidding I never even been kissed! How sad for a close to twenty year old, but I'm over it. I realized at 15 that I didn't need all that in high school to feel complete I just needed to worried about studies. I was great in school I love English class I love to take my journal out and write love stories. I love romance. The warm feeling the characters would get about each other. The way in the end they would stay together.
I graduate.
But I didn't get to go to college. We didn't have enough money to send me.
So now at the age of 19 almost 20 I'm  still trying to save money. I however still write stories. In hope that one day I get published.
"Well if it isn't the bruised bookworm." And of course I would get bullied (verbally) at school. By no other than the queen bee, Annabelle Williams.
The perfect girl.
Captain cheerleader, dating the quarterback, but screwing other guys behind his back. Probably he was doing the same. Together they ruled the school and made my life hell.
"Hi, what can I get you. " I ask in the same voice I ask everyone else. Pretending not to know them.
"Well I'll have something your bruised arms won't touch. " Annabelle orders.
I ignore them, trying to not let them get to me. I'm surprise not even with school over they can't get over the high school life. In the real world being prom king and queen won't make you more special.
"I'll have smashed pattatos, just like your dad left your mothers face." David Anderson, former quarterback, and Annabelle boyfriend say. Even if the comment is as corny as it get. It makes me that my mom would even come out of his mouth.
I can't, I just can't handle when they talk about my mom. They don't know what we went through. No one ever will.
"Don't talk about my mom ever. You don't know what happen and have absolute no right to offend anyone who is not here to defend themselves. SO MIND YOUR BUSINESS!!!" I yell not caring what they think of me but none messes with my mom.