
"What is going on here! "My boss yells coming to stand by the table.
Dangit.
I was about to respond when Annabelle interrupts me.
"We were just ordering when she started yelling. Did you check her to see if she was stable enough to work here. "Annabelle explains, in her own words.
Sam turns and looks at me.
"I didn't do-"
"Leave." She doesn't let me finish. "But that's not-"
"Get out."
"Sam-"
"Get out before I get Kevin to do it." With no other choice I go and get my things, right before leave I see Annabelle and David looking as if they made a big accomplishment. Then they turn and look at me.
With smugness written all over their face they smile and wave.
*****
I had gather all of my things before getting out of the restaurant. I sigh thinking of what I'm going to tell my mom in how I got fired, again. That the single fact that my dad isn't here with us his name will always haunt us.
When I tell her she'll go and try to get herself another job. It'll be more pressure on her. She can't handle it. All she ever does is work.
I need time to think.
I decide to take a detour before going home. I walk to the closest park by my house.
I sit on a bench, looking at the mom's watching their kids playing with others and dad's teaching their sons to play football.
What would this feel like to have a loving ,big family. I think.
But dismiss the thought. My mom said that now that I'm older I can get the life I always deserved. I say what we always deserved.
I think of what kind of mother I would be or the most imporant how would my husband treat me.
I sigh, get up to walk home. I try not to cry. Crying will only show weaknest I wish not to show. I'm strong and will continue to be strong for my mother and me.
******
I enter my home ,well the 2 bedroom apartment with to many problems to fix. I drop my stuff and walk to the kitchen. I look to see if there is anything to cook probably not enough to cook a big meal but maybe just enough.
******
"Lisa?" I hear my mom's voice as she enters the apartment.
"In the kitchen. " I yell, finish setting up the table to eat.
"Your early. " my mom comments as she walk into the kitchen. I'm scared to tell her why but its now or never.
I decide that maybe it's better if I tell her after we eat.
******
"What's wrong. " My mom statements, not a questions. I really didn't want to worry her but I will do what it takes to make her happy its what she deserves.
"I was fired. But I'm already looking for a job." I look at my mom under my lashes.
She looks more tried then ever, her eyes lost their shine and so has her hair. She looks twice her age. Her once shiny, healthy blond hair dull, her hazel eyes lifeless. I look nothing like her yet at the same time I'm a spitting image of her.