
Four Weeks.
My dear Harper,
At four weeks you start to realize that your body feels different, you feel sore, sometimes you feel nauseous. You don't know why, but you know that something is different. At this point in a pregnancy your child is just a fertilized egg burrowing into your uterus, intent on making a home for itself. Your symptoms will be slight, a barely noticeable feeling of fatigue, queasiness and bloating. If I am going to be more accurate I realized that I was pregnant at 4 weeks, 3 days and 2 hours. It might be odd that I know exactly what time I conceived my child, but it might only be odd for people that had never really planned for a baby. Most children are wonderful accidents, conceived in a fit of passion. That isn't the case with me, I wanted a child more than anything. I was one of those children, you see, a child conceived in a fit of passion and lust. My parents were not married, did not get married and died married to others, when they clearly loved each other. Some people simply choose to ignore what their hearts not only want, but need. My husband, your father, and I met three years ago, when he walked into my restaurant and ordered a steak, medium rare, garlic mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli. He gave compliments to the chef and when I walked out to thank him, I realized that love at first sight was a very real and very scary thing. The next 8 months were spent making dinners, watching movies, learning each other and falling even more in love. I was captivated by this man, his heart, his thoughts. When he turned to me one Tuesday night and asked if I wouldn't mind spending my life with him, how could I not shout yes after throwing my head back and laughing at his cheeky grin. It was delightfully scary but so wonderful at the same time. I was 23 years old, and I was already ready for the rest of my life with this man. It only took 4 months for the thought of a child to burrow its way into my heart, a thought that circled my mind day after day, a thought reinforced when I was met with his positivity and excitement at the idea. We were going to have a baby. My husband and I had wanted a baby for precisely 19 months. 19 months of ovulating charts and timelines, tracking my periods, et cetera. Wanting a child, and not being able to conceive one is a pain I've realized, like no other. So you may be able to imagine the joy and shock as I sat in that doctors office at 2:36 on October 15th, the moment that I realized you were very real. Then again, you might imagine the pain and sorrow as I discovered that my husband was not as faithful and loving as I thought. A realization that I came to at 4:47 that same day, too excited to stay at work and wanting to prepare a special dinner to reveal the news to him. I never knew that my husband had a lust for big chested blondes, or that he had a fetish for having relations with them in our bed. My darling Harper, you were barely alive, and you had already met your first womanizer.
Love, Your Mommy