
Ivy's POV
I stood in front of the mirror. I sighed. My dark long blonde curly hair was scraped up into a neatish ponytail. I was stood in front of the living room mirror. Charlie was sat on the arm of the chair 'Babe, you look beautiful' he told me. I rolled my eyes. He smiled at me 'Everything okay?' He asked 'Tie straight: check. Clean uniform: check. Pretty shoes: check. Possibly the smallest person in Y9? Check. Okay, everything is perfect' I say, making a check list, turning around and smiled at him. Charlie stands up and pulls me into a hug 'You'll be fine, I'll come to the main office with you so you can get your planner and timetable, okay?' He asks 'Okay' I smile at him. He kisses my forehead 'Okay, kids time for school!' Karen was quite cheerful for 8:10AM. We just laughed. I grabbed my new bag and Charlie grabbing his bag and we walk out the door.'You know, Ava, Ash, Pixi, Perrie and Bella go to Winterbourne, so you won't just have me' he smiled while saying this 'I think Ava told me, I can't remember' I shrugged 'If you have the same timetable as me you'll have P.E today but don't worry, the P.E staff will just let you watch the lesson' he explained. I bit my lip.'I haven't been to school since I was 11' I sigh, while looking down at my shoes and watch my feet walk 'Ivy, you'll be fine, I promise you' he grabbed hold of my hand. I nod to myself slightly. He wrapped his arm around my waist 'Just believe', isn't that one of your favourite singers motto?' He smiled 'Actually, Mr. Lenehan, my favourite motto is 'Love Life Be Hippy'' I raised my eyebrow 'I thought you knew me' I said dramatically 'Same old Ivy's back' he laughed 'How can same old Ivy be back when she didn't change?' I asked, smirking 'Cheeky' he laughed at me. I giggled 'I feel a little better now' I say to Charlie 'Good, you'll be okay at break and lunch?' He asked. I nod 'Yes' I smile to myself and think how caring he is.'Promise?' He asked 'Promise' I say 'Maybe 'Promise' can be are 'Always'' he smiles at me 'Hate to break it to you but we aren't in 'The Fault In Our Stars'' I laugh 'Ivy! I was trying to be cute' I rolled my eyes and giggled 'You're such a Charlie. In a good way' I smile 'Good' he smiles.
***
Ivy's POV
I had been to the main office and turns out I am in the same lessons as Charlie. Mini celebration. Anyway, I was in my first lesson of high school... ENGLISH! And I thought it was cool. We got to write stories and everyone moaned but I was happy, cuz when you live on the streets you don't get to use paper and a pen, unless you find paper in the bathroom toilet and you would possibly have to steal a pen from Argos. I wrote away, we could write about anything so I wrote about a girl named Jade who lived on the street and how she was saved. My story basically just not my name and Leo's and Charlie's. And Ashla was in all my classes, and we sat next to each other in every lesson. Yay! My day was going fine... Until break.
Authors Notes
CLIFFHANGER!!!! Haha. You probably know what's coming next......... But I'm not saying. Haha. I'm so funny. Not. Anyway, I'm back and this time, it's Ivy progressing in life. That's a word I never thought I'd say, but I just did. Sorry, just watch Grav3yardgirl. She's the best, apart from Zoella, SprinkleOfGlitter, PointlessBlog and ii SuperWoman ii. Anyways, must go. Bye!
-Lou👽