
[Zoey's POV]
"ZOELLA ELAINE BLAKE GET THE HELL UP YOU LAZY BOZO FREAK!" A familiar voice echoed throughout my small prison cell, I mean messy room.
"Five more minutes James" I mumbled angrily into my pillow.
"You seriously don't want to be late on the last day of school like you were on the first,do you? She chuckled while attempting to grab my pillow from beneath my head.
I flipped her off and wrapped the pillow around my head, hoping to block out her naggy mother voice.
She never dealt with my childish crap so we eventually played tug of war with the cushioned sack for what seemed like years or centuries, but I eventually gave up since she is a thousand times stronger than me. This is what I get for choosing Starbucks over the gym after school. What the hell am I talking about I'm a white girl at heart and hella proud. But having some muscle would be pretty sweet and could get me my first boy toy.
"Nice try young pathetic weakling, but you are no match towards the strong, glorious samurai." She swung her arm in a karate chop formation and kicked the air, very close to my face.
"Alright, Alright Alivia you win." I growled while slowly rolling off the bed. I somehow forgot that we had wood flooring for like 2 seconds so my side loudly smacked on to the floor. I winced in pain and almost cussed like a sailor for the whole world to hear but didn't so I wouldn't wake up my cranky parents.
"Get up loser we have to arrive at the jail in less than an hour, if you need me I will be helping myself to your mom's famous chocolate chip pancakes. Hurry up!" She sang while skipping down the hallway and down the stairs.
"Another day in this fabulous paradise." I said whispering into the comfy rug.
I slowly pushed myself off of the hard floor and headed towards my bathroom to take a shower. I plugged my Ipod into my speakers so I could jam out to music. Somehow Alivia's playlist got mixed with mine and the song, "Buckwild" by Taylor Rupp and Dillon Caniff or whatever their idiot names are, blasted throughout my room and almost caused my ears to bleed, or worse, make me go death.
"Enough of that Drake, wannabe rap crap." I huffed whiled switching it to 5SOS.
After I was done in the shower I walked out and changed in to a pair of ripped light denim high waisted shorts, a black tribal crop top, green camouflage army jacket, slipped on grey knee high socks, and put on my favorite pair of white leather doc martens.
I pulled my insanely long dark brunette hair, or shall I say lion's mane, into a high ponytail and braided back my bangs. I wasn't a big fan of covering my face in barbie doll makeup, so I only applied mascara and blush before grabbing my bag and tie dye pennyboard before heading out.
"Did you leave me any little miss Piggy?" I called down to Alivia, who was quickly devouring a plate of MY heavenly and flawless pancakes, and had her eyes glued to her iphone, scanning through social media. She was so deeply concentrated that she almost missed her mouth when trying to drink a glass of orange juice and spilled some on the counter. She didn't notice that she was using her new scarf to mop it up.
"Can't. Talk. New. Magcon. Photoshoot. So. Many. Ab. Closeups. Can't. Breathe. Or. Think. Holy. Good. Lord. Damn." She paused between each bite.
"Someone sounds extremely d-ehydrated, maybe we can hit the beach tomorrow and find some real sexy college babes." I stick my tongue out at her.
She just smirked at herself like she was doing something sneaky, probably sending embarrassing, ugly snapchats or found the boys nudes. The world may never know.