
"I swear I need to be baptized by Jesus after seeing Magcon's new photoshoot in L.A, I almost fainted at my grandma's funeral last weekend Brittany." A snotty popular chick screached behind me, smacking her gum like there was no freaking tomorrow.
" I swear my eyes and whole face became paralyzed Ashley from looking at Cameron's steel perfect ass, I'll definitely be grabbing it and claiming him himself at the VIP event today." She laughed histarically like a dying seal and loudly clapped her hands together repetitively.
"Oh my gawd I know right?! Like I couldn't even concentrate on shoe shopping or flirt with nerds so they could do my algebra homework, now I have stained rip off dr.martens and an F! But it was so worth it girl. You can have his ass but I get to touch gilinsky's rock hard, solid abs." She sighed.
"Can y'all chatty white chicks shut the hell up please some of us actually want to learn and not grow up to be obnoxious air heads like you." I tried my hardest to hold myself back and not throw my backpack at their spaced out, disgusted faces.
"It's a free country loser and if I want to discuss important business of my own with Brittany I can, now turn around you strange freakshow." She giggled and high fived her BFF, causing her to break one of her fake ass nails and wail in pain and anger.
The whole class just groaned and they both received some "shut up you whore's" and "someone please kill me's", even from the teacher who was awoken from her deep slumber at her desk. She ended up passing out for the millionth time.
"People are dying from dangerous/deadly diseases, losing jobs and becoming homeless, and kids are starving in Africa, it's not the end of the world if your stupid ugly manicure is ruined." I rolled my eyes and turned back around, proudly fist bumping a speechless Liv.
"She's just jealous that we have personal tickets to go see our future husbands and she's gunna grow old and alone with her pink haired lover next to her." Brittany comforted Ashley.
I snapped my freshly sharpened pencil in half and was strongly tempted to throw it at her but Liv grabbed ahold of my arm and made me drop it.
"Lucky bitches. Better count your blessings." I grumbled.
"Remember Blake, Revenge and karma is gunna kick your ass in the future very soon." Ashley angrily spat.
"The quicker we take our final tests the faster I can take you to go see our big ass surprise Chica." Liv patted my back.
She was right I was just waisting my breath and time on a couple of fake, plastic manicans.
[ After School ]
"Woooooooo Freaaakinng Hooooooo! We are finally freed from Heeeell!" I sang while dancing like a boss in the school parking lot, breathing in the fresh, hot summer air. I secretly flipped off the principal and the running teachers behind their backs.
Alivia covered her eyes and shamefully shook her head. She threw me my penny board, almost hitting me in the gut with force, and jumped on her longboard racing in front of me down a hill a few blocks away.
"NO FAIR I WAS HAVING A GLORIOUS SPECIAL ZOEY MOMENT- ah fuck it she can't hear me." I zoomed down the road after her, almost getting hit by idiot high school drivers.
She blasted another 2Virgins or Shawn Mendes (aka her future husband) song from her IPod while we were on our long journey to the mall. I didn't really care since we escaped the devils, torturous prison. The closer we got the louder the sound of blood curdling screams from girls got, it was freaky. Hopefully there wasn't a massive shooting going on nearby.