
"Looks like they're super excited for the gigantic surprise also." Liv pointed towards the young teens and kids running down the sidewalk, it looks like they were following a bus of some sorts. Thought it was an Icecream truck at first and almost joined them, but noticed it wasn't playing annoying tunes and it was too fancy looking.
"Did you want to surprise the whole town or country?" I asked while we turned into the town center parking lot.
"Let's just say you won't be the only one joining in on this killer party, you'll be crashing the hell out of it." She was trying so hard to not drop any hints or let her plan slip out of her big blabber mouth.
We jumped off of our boards and ran inside, pushing our way through the crowd of insane hormonal pre-teens who blocked the doors. Flashes of they're cameras almost blinded me and i was very close to become a splattered human pancake from being pushed and trampled. Luckily there was a few bodyguards that watched the situation so there wouldn't be a horrific death scene, mentally giving them a round of applause for not helping a struggling girl out in this insane mess.
"Come on Zoey! We need to head towards the ticket booth in the front so we can get through and inside safely in one piece!"
"Don't give up on me you pathetic soldier! Move your weak ass!" Liv called out/ordered while almost yanking my arm off and pulling me through the mob of rug rats, practically saving my life.
I thought I was just hearing things when she said "ticket booth" like we were just about to meet a famous celebrity or there was a concert inside. But apparently I wasn't mistaken because she pulled two VIP tickets out of her back pocket that read "MAGCON" in big letters. Before I could argue we were being let in by security and she ran to a small stage area in the middle of the food court along with a line of booths.
"You have got to be kidding me! I don't want to meet these dumb idiots!" I overreacted.
"Oh come on pretty please? Tomorrow's my birthday and I want to celebrate it by meeting my idols! Besides I need to know if we won the contest, you know the one I've been talking about for the past month?" She tugged on my jacket and squealed like a rat.
That's when it hit me, not the heavenly smell of freshly baked cinnabons or salty buttery pretzels, but the realization from her smart point. The past month I've just blocked her out of my head or ignored her whenever she rambled about social media pop sensations, but one out of the gazillion conversations that we had about it she mentioned that we could travel around the U.S and visit the ancient cities on my overcrowded bucket list. This would be our only open opportunity to have a blast and a non-forgettable summer to remember.
"There's like zero chance that we will win against the thousands, excuse me trillions, of desperate fangirls that sighed up probably months and months ago, for you I will try my hardest to not bitch and complain through my suffering and play nice like a little innocent princess when we meet the bozos. As long as you buy me coldstone Icecream." I tried to negotiate since she was the birthday girl and I love her to death.
"YAY! And I can't wait to cruise on the road and take lots of exciting/dangerous adventures when we WIN Chica!" She struck out her hand with confidence, awaiting my invitation, in which I proudly accepted while we made our way to heavens delicious creation.
We had about an hour until the concert, thingymabob celebration party started so we decided to just chill and relax, which would probably consist of me trying to calm her down while she's hyperventilating or having an anxiety attack about trying to look like sexy girlfriend material.
Luckily there wasn't a long ass line that would take centuries to get to the front and I wouldn't have to plant my grave where I stand, we were the first ones there. Liv ordered our usual, extreme chocolate cookie dough madness in a sprinkle waffle cone, ( I just made that flavor up XD), then happily paid no matter how many times I sassed or protested to pay for my individual broke ass self. I was going to apply here for a job once but Liv knew, or even the whole world knew I would eat all the ice cream every chance I got and have them run out every day.