
I rolled my eyes and grabbed a granola bar out of the pantry. Alivia was terribly obsessed with this Vine group called, "Magcon", which is basically just a group of rambunctious, random weirdo guys that have gotten famous for making 6 second pointless videos. I only believe they got popular for their gorgeous looks rather then having actual talent.
"Quit worshipping and drooling over these hooligans it's embarrassing." I shiver in disgust and keep my distance.
She slammed her empty OJ cup on the counter and stared at me with dangerous, creepy devil eyes. Her jaw dropped and her phone almost did too out of her strong grip.
"Excuse me? These guys are comedy gold. Their angel looks are just a huge bonus.Your just jealous because you have a crappy sense of humour miss old fart." She huffed and snapped her fingers, trying to act like the sass queen of burnville. She also watches too much of Trevor Moran, luckily I don't mind fangirling over the creative genius.
"Ouch that really hurt my fragile heart, I think I might have a major heart attack. Never mind I can't find any fucks to give, lost them 16 years ago." I first grasp my chest dramatically, acting like I got punched and fell on the couch. Then stood back up, brushed myself off, and stuffed the rest of my breakfast in my mouth, spitting on her in the process.
"How the hell did we meet again-" she tried to finish but I cut her off once I saw the time on my watch.
"CRAPPITY CRAP WE ARE LATE ALREADY, COME ON SLAGGER!" I loudly announce.
I grabbed her wrist and dragged her out the front door, causing the plate to drop and break on the floor, scaring the shit out of my cat and causing me to almost trip over him while riding my board down the driveway.
"MR.SOFTY CUDDLY WATCH OUT BUDDY IM TOO YOUNG TOO DIE!" I yell behind me.
Once again we get friendly and freaked out looks from my poor elderly neighbors. Alivia and I just ride by and wave like psychos, the usual normal routine.
[~15 minutes later~]
We finally arrived at the hellhole almost an hour later. We took a deep breath and burst through the double doors. Everyone was dancing around and throwing papers and homework in all directions. Did we just teleport in to a High School Musical movie? Alivia and I ran to our lockers, then all the way to the other side of our freakishly large school to our first period.
"After finals we are definately hitting the mall, I got a huge surprise for the both of us!" She squealed to herself. She rubbed her hands together like she planned an illegal, mastermind plan. What can I say? This chick is my number one partner in crime and sidechick/sidehoe.
"Is Victoria Secret having a sale on their crazy, insanely expensive sexy bra's and panties?!" I mocked her while jumping up and down like a kid recieving their first gift on Christmas morning or for their birthday, almost screaming.
Being the socially awkward idiot that I am I got the luck of having this outrageous immature outburst when the whole football team walked by modeling in their uniforms, some whistled and some snapped pictures or filmed my sarcastic freakout. My cheeks turned a bright pink and I physically smacked my head while linking arms with Liv and yanking her in to the classroom once we arrived.
"Well I just ruined the next two years of my High School life by humiliating myself in front of the whole school. Oh well I hate everyone here anyway, just tell me what the surprise is" I quickly changed the subject while hiding behind my History book and skimmed through my finals notes.
"You'll see." She was quietly yodeling/snorting from the incident then winked at me, this means she planned something awesome, or she was about to have an odd seizure i couldn't tell.