
She was running threw the forest holding her bleeding, limp arm as she ran. She was bleeding heavily and running only made it worst. She looked behind her and saw what seemed to be hell hounds were chasing her. There seemed to be about 5 of them. She looked ahead of her and noticed someone in blue standing in her way. As she was coming to a stop, she tripped and slid in front of him. She saw his sword in his hip. Yamato, the sword of Vergil. Her eyes went wide and she stood up. The hounds came to a stop and surrounded them.
"You. Your the woman I'm looking for.."
She looked at Vergil and at an instant, her body felt limp and hit the ground then felt something warm on her hand. She looked at it and saw it was her own blood. It was red and it reminded her of someone who she never knew. Dante, Vergil's twin. She looked up at Vergil and saw the tip of Yamato in her face.
"V-Vergil....."
He glared at her "now die!"
-In reality-
She woke in her bed in a cold sweat. She was breathing heavily then her door swung open. It was her father. "May! Is everything alright?! I heard you screaming!"
She turned on the lamp next to her bed and looked at him "y-yes father. I'm fine. Just..had a bad dream is all. Didn't mean to wake you...forgive me"
He sighed "would you mind telling me what it was abo-"
"Vergil"
His eyes widened "Vergil you say?" He looked away then looked at his daugher as he walked over to her. He sat on her bed and put a hand on her shoulder "May, my daughter, if you ever see him, please run. He is the son of my trusted friend and he is dangerous." He looked at her with a sturn look
"I will."
He nodded once. "Would you tell me the whole dream May?"
She told him her dream and every detail that happened
"So...it's that time huh?" He spoke to himself
"What's wrong father? You look worried."
"It's nothing my sweet girl. I'll have Sebastian bring you some water alright?"
"No no its fine father. I'll go get it"
He smiled "my, your just like your mother. Wanting to do it yourself"
She smiled then noticed her at the door "mother!" She got up and ran to her "why are you awake and out of bed!? You need to rest!"
She smiled "I remember when I used to do that to you. I can't baby you anymore since your a woman now. I just came to see how you were doing after what I heard."
"Forgive me mother. I didn't mean to-"
"Don't apologize May! It's not your fault" she gave a sweet smile then began to cough and she coughed up blood
"Ah! Mother!" She rubbed and lightly petted her back
May's father stood and picked up his wife bridal style "May you get some rest. I'll take care of your mother. Goodnight sweetheart" he closed the door behind him
She sighed then layed back on her bed "Why did I have that dream about Vergil? What did father mean by 'so its that time?'"
~time skip brought to you by olives~-a week later-
"Happy Birthday May!" Both her parents spoke from the door as she walked in from her daily rounds
"Oh!" She laughed "I almost forgot it was my birthday"