
She got up and started to run to her father "NO!"
Dante wrapped his arms around her waist to hold her back "May stop!"
"Let me go!" She squirmed then she stopped as she saw her father gush out blood and drop to the ground. Her eyes filled with tears and she cried silently
Vergil whipped the blood off his blade swiftly and sheathed it "I will come back for her Dante" he vanished
Dante slowly let her go then watched her cry
She cried until the rain stopped she sniffed and wiped her eyes then stood up to Dante and slapped him hard across his cheek "Why did you hold me back!?"
Dante rubbed his cheek then sighed "he would have taken you or you would have been killed along with your father. Both would have been bad"
"What is this all about? Why did he come for me!? What's going on? I want answers!!"
"Alright alright. Calm down babe. Let's get dried off first then I'll tell you" he walked towards her house and went in
She began to walk but stopped towards her father and fell to her knees "I'm sorry... I couldn't do anything"
*cough* "there was.... nothing... you.... could have done... May..." *cough cough* he spits out blood
"Father! Father your still alive!" She held his hand tightly
"May... you-" he coughed up blood "you need to... leave with... Dante..."
"Why? Why is this happening?"
"You... are the one... who can either... kill... or strengthen... Sparda..."
"What do you mean?"
He smiled weakly "you... my beautiful... daughter... are the next in line... to wield... Chiyo...ganemaru... and your mothers... handguns... Michael and...Gabriel" he put a hand on her cheek "embrace your angelic being... and... use your... demonic... powers... to destroy... Sparda..."
A dark blue and purple portal opens up below him then red and black hands appear and start to pull him down into hell
"Father! Father!!"
He lets go of her hand "make me proud... May... save... this place...my... fallen angel..." his voice drifts off as he is dragged down and the only thing left is his blood
She punched the ground "father... I will kill him!" She got up and saw Dante without his jacket. He was shirtless with only his pants and shoes. He came out of the kitchen with a box of pizza as he was drying his hair
"I heard everything he said to you May."
Her face became pink as he was shirtless "h-how indecent. Put a shirt on please"
"Oh? Excuse me your royal babe highness. I don't need a shirt"
"R-Royal babe highness? I'll have you know that I am not a babe and I'm not royalty! Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go find my mother" she turned her back to him which made her long grey hair follow her turn. She left the kitchen and living room and went to her parents room
He smiled then began to eat the pizza but saw olives "tch!" He picked them off then continued to eat the pizza
-up staires-
"Mother?" She knocked on her door "mother are you in there?" She opened the door and saw the room was a wreck "oh no! Mother!!" She looked for her in the room then as she got to the closet, she noticed something shiny "what's this?" She opened the closet and saw a sword "this must be..."