
"How does it feel to be 28 May?" Her mother spoke up after going to get her a strawberry sunday
"It feels... different somehow" she dropped her bags and took the sunday and walked back outside to eat it. She began to eat it and shivered with love "oh sweet strawberry sunday! How I missed your goodness!" She looked up at the sky and noticed someone standing there "hm?" She then noticed some blue then another person appeared and he had red "Is that...V-Vergil?"
The person in blue looked down at her then went down to her
"I-It is!" She dropped her sunday but before it hit the ground the guy in red caught it for her
"Hey now. Don't let this delicious thing go to waste" he smiled
She noticed his eyes from behind his hair. She blushed at how close he was to her.
He pressed his body to hers and smiled "Vergil. Don't you think dear ol' dad would be better without her?"
"Dante. Don't get in my way again. Just give the girl to me and I might not kill you"
"I don't think I can do that. This one is too cute for dear ol' dad. You should leave Vergil. I really don't want to fight you right now"
Vergil slicked his hair back "fine" with one move he drew his sword and went to attack Dante, but Dante was quick as well (in more ways then one ;) ) and dodged his blade, only getting his cheek cut deeply. He moved away, dropping the sunday and held her as he drew his sword as well. May's eyes widened at the sword
"R-Rebellion!"
"Oh? So you know about it?" He asked and held her tighter to him
"My family made a lot of weapons! We made four weapons specially made for Sparda. It was Yamato, Rebellion, Ebony and Ivory. I'm guessing you have the guns?"
"Yes. They are my girls. Sexy girls"
She looked up at him then it began to rain "Dante..."
Enzo, May's father, ran out into the rain "May!" He noticed the three
"Enzo. So this is where you've been all this time" Vergil looked at him "you know what should happen. Your own sister went through this"
Enzo clenched his fists "I will not hand her over! You can tell Sparda to go to hell! He will not take her from me. Dante!"
"I got it old man! She's mine!" Dante looked at him
"W-Will someone tell me what's going on!?"
"In a minute doll. I have to deal with an...unwanted party guest" he let her go and handed her his guns "you girls play nice" he turned to his brother and ran at him. They started an intense battle in the rain
Her father ran to her but suddenly stopped as hell hounds appeared in front of him
She looked at the guns then her eyes closed on their own. She was skillfully killing each demon that appeared, only getting a few cuts
Enzo watched in amazement
Dante was about to attack Vergil but he vanished. He looked around for him then he noticed a sword flying towards them "May!" He ran towards her and pushed her down and was on top of her.
She opened her eyes and noticed Dante was on top of her. Her face became red and she pushed him off of her. She looked at her father and saw him impaled with the sword. Vergil then appeared in front of him.
"How unfortunate. I was hoping you would be of use to me." He removed the sword from his chest then looked back at May "might as well finish him off"