
"Okay class, we are going to be doing a project. For this I will need pairs of two." You tossed your hair to the side, a sigh emitting from your mouth.  You looked around the room in search of a partner, but it seems like everyone already had one, of course.
"(Y/n), please come over here for a moment." You stood, though your heart sped up while you walked closer to your sensei-Yukio Okumura. He was a friend of yours, outside of class, seeing as you were friends with Rin too. He motioned you towards him, and he began speaking.
"Since there are no more partners, I would like that you partner with me." you blushed at the thought of working with your sensei. You glanced over at Rin seeing a small smirk in his face. Only he knew of your fondness for the young teacher. You nodded at Yukio, a smile on your face, though your mind was whirling.
'I...get to be with Yukio? Yes yes yes! I really hope I don't mess it up though.'
"(Y/n)are you alright? Your face is starting to turn red. Perhaps you're getting sick, do you need to go to the infirmary?"
You frantically waved your arms in front of your face, "No no, I'm...I'm fine! Really, I am!"
"Hm, very well then. Class! This assignment focuses on getting information on a Demon. Now, I've already assigned which Demons you will be observing. Listen now, they may be low-leveled, but can still cause harm to victim. Come forward to see your Demon." So, as the paired students came to see which Demon they would be investigating, you stood to the side, slightly unsure of what do to.
"Let's get to work, shall we? (Y/n)?" Yukio stood in front of you, concern written all over his face. "Are you sure, you're all right?"
You scratched the back of your neck, letting out a nervous laugh, "Of course I am! Let's just go. Don't worry about me." You walked out of the rooom, heat rising to your face.
'I'm a dunce.'
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"This demon, it only comes out at night. It seems to be in the form of a hound. Sensei, once we finish observing it, do we attack it?" You two were out in the forest, looking for the demon. Your attitude changed as you got comfortable being alone with Yukio. Being with him still sent a whirl of pleasure, but you focused hard for the assignment.
"Yes. As a teacher, I can not allow any demons to roam around our world."you nodded as the two of you stood under a tree. It was already late at night, and the secluded area was where the demon would be at this time of night. It was silent, but then, a ruffle in one of the bushes. Before you could react, a gash was made on your arm; not deep enough for critical damage, but it still hurt nonetheless.
(Y/n)!" Another gash penetrated through your arm, making you hiss at the pain it caused. That demon was quick, you couldn't even in see it make a wound.
'Tch, I'm not going to let a stupid demon attack me this easily. I'll show it who'se boss.' You got into a stance, your weapon pulled out. Closing your eyes, you tried to concentrate on the movements around the forest. It took a couple seconds, but you heard another rustle, to your left.
'There.'
You sliced right between the denom, successfully killing it. Your arms were covered in blood as you dropped your weapon. Falling to the ground, you prepared for impact, but arms wove themselves around your waist, holding you up.
(Y/n), are you okay?! Are you dangerously hurt? Let's get you out of here." Yukio quickly bandaged up your arms, then hoisted you on his back.
"Don't scare me like that , (Y/n). Even if it was such a low leveled demon, you still got injured. What if it was even worse then cuts on the arm!" You barely processed what he said, sleepness taking over you.
"Why are you so...worried about me, Yukio?" You were shutting, ever so slowly. You heard Yukio sigh and a small chuckle resonate from his mouth.
"You're asking why? It's because...I like you, (Y/n)....(Y/n)? He twisted his head to look at you already asleep. He shook his head, a smile growing on his face.
"Silly girl, I guess I'm going to have to tell you this again in the morning. Sweet dreams, (Y/n)"
Unconsiously, you snuggled closer to the boy, somehow knowing tomorrow would bring great joy.