
I don't know if I should be posting another story due to the fact that I haven't finished my first one, but oh well. I'm extremely exited about this one, I just couldn't wait for you guys to read it. Please comment and vote. I really want to know what you think of it. If there are grammar errors don't hesitate to tell me or if you have advice on how to make the story better please make your ideas known. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Andy's POV
I was watching Ashley as he swam in the swimming pool. His strong tanned arms moving back and forth in the water. After a while he came out. The water droplets making him appear to shine like the beautiful god he was. He flipped his hair to the back, just like in the movies it appeared to be in slow motion. I couldn't stop gawking at him, he was beyond beautiful.
"See something that you like?" He said in a playful tone.
'If you only knew' I thought. I only shook my head. He grabbed his towel and headed to the inside of the house.
We were currently in a break from tour. Ashley and I decided to buy a house together. He didn't really wanted to live alone, and I broke up with Juliet, so she kicked me out of the apartment. The only thing I stayed with was my little faithful friend, Crow. Thankfully Crow and Ashley's dogs got along pretty well, they even sleep in the same bed, cuddled together, something I wish I could do with Ash, but of course he doesn't swing that way. He is a total man-whore and proud of it. This was our first week staying at this house. Everything seemed, so far, going fine. We haven't had any fights or arguments, and hopefully it would stays like that.
Ashley's POV
Now that we were in a break from tour, I'll be able to party all night long, not worrying about waking up or resting for a concert. Tonight I'm going to get wasted and have as much fun as I possibly can.
Kina had invited me to a friend's party for tonight. I decide to wear a buttoned up black shirt which was only half way buttoned, showing off my tanned and well toned chest, a pair of black ripped skinny jeans, a pair of cowboy boots, and of course my star necklace. I straightened my hair and teased it at the right spots to make it look perfect. Then proceed to apply some eyeliner. Lastly, I sprayed some cologne and headed downstairs to leave. Andy was seated on the couch watching Batman, like always. I hadn't invited him because I know he isn't the type of guy to get drunk and socialize, he is is quiet and peaceful. Maybe not so peaceful but still.
"Hey, where are you going?" He asked.
"To a party"
"Okay, if you're coming late make sure to take your key, I don't want you waking me up in the middle of the night"
"Yeah, I already have that covered"
I left the house and made my way to Kina's house in order to pick her up. When I got there she was already ready. She was wearing a skin tight red dress that barely covered her butt, and pair of really high heels. Her hair was made into curls and she had red lipstick on her lips reminding me of Andy, how he always used to put it on for every show.
"Hey beautiful, how are you doing?" I asked her.
"Much better now that you are here, handsome"
She placed her hands around my neck and brought our lips together wasting no time in opening her mouth for me to explore. I lifted her and carried her to my car, then headed to the party.
I could hear the music blasting even before we entered the house. There were people everywhere and some where already wasted or past out on the yard. But that didn't stop them from having fun nor will it stop us. As soon as we entered we headed in search for some alcohol. Then, once we were buzzed we began dancing to the beat of the music. Kina would grind her butt on me seductively, arousing me. I wanted to take her right there and then, but unfortunately we were in a public place, so instead I got close to her ear and whispered,