
I rolled over, groaning, and I swatted my alarm clock then proceeded to warily sit up. Looking around my room I slowly stood up and stretched making my way to my closet. My room was small but big enough in my opinion. There was one other bedroom in this small 2 story Japanese house and it belongs to my best friend, Marie (Well that's what I usually call her). I grabbed my police uniform yawning, "Today's Marie's book signing." Finding my way to the bathroom I quickly got changed, finished my morning hygiene routine, and then noticed a note on the door. I instantly noticed the handwriting, Marie's, "Going out for a walk be back soon. Btw, One of your coworkers called. It was Mark I think." "Intern Police officer in the morning, Famous Youtuber by night." I laughed at my corny joke. I made my way downstairs to the kitchen and proceeded to sit in a perched position, as always, on chair and drink my coffee that by 'Health Standards' was 'Unhealthy.' Suddenly the door burst open and my reaction was unchanged. "I'm so chocolate wasted! Oi! I'm home Senpai!" Marie yelled, laughing. We've been best friends since we were in Junior High, so since we were 12 or 13, and we still are. A smile curled upon my lips and I broke out laughing. "We are both 25 and we still say we're chocolate wasted." Marie laughed but to be silenced by my cell ringing. I picked my phone up and looked at the caller ID; Markiplier. Marie momentarily left the room to get her laptop. Answering the phone I spoke, "Hello, Mark." The other line had barely audible sounds that I somewhat recognized as music from the game The Witch's House. "Ello, Lena. I need you to take my shift today." Mark replied. I usually went by my middle name, people have become accustomed to calling me Lena or KL. "Why is that? Busy playing video games?" I asked, no emotion in my voice but it still could be taken as a sarcastic remark. "No.~" Mark replied, "I'm just feeling under the weather." Marie returned and ran over, noticing who I was talking to. "Oi, Mark! Say Hi to Tiny Box Tim for me!" She yelled happily. Putting Mark on speaker phone we heard him laugh, "Will do!~" Marie is a very big fan of Mark, er, Markiplier. She was the one who introduced me to his videos to later find out he was an Intern for the Japanese Police. I'm an intern but I'm often seen as a detective, reasons being I will identify later. "So, will you take my shift?" Mark asked. I sighed, "Alright." Mark thanked me then hung up. Putting my cell in my pocket I stood. "I better head off to work. You wanna come?" Marie shrugged returning to a calm composure, "Sure, why not?" I nodded and grabbed my coat. Suddenly my head hurt and a few familiar words were spoken in my head causing me to scowl, "Been a while."
{{I'm working on this book with @DomoStar13 ~Aka My Boochan~ and it's really fun. Thanks Boochan!}}