
*Allies P.O.V*
I woke up to my phone ranging. I looked at it and saw a picture of my brither.
"What?" I said
"Good morning to you to. Are you coming to pick me and Jack up or not?"
"Where are you?"
"The airport. You said you would pick us up."
"Damn ittt. Okay ill be there in like an hour."
"Okay bye."
"Bye."
I hung up the phone and got dressed. I wanted to,look somewhat presentable so i did my make up and hair. I out to the kitchen and got the keys to my black jeep wrangler. I took a bite of an apple and put it down. I walked out of the house and put on my sun glasses. I walked to my car got in, started it, and drove off. I came to a stoplight and pkugged my phone into the AUX. I put it on shuffle and the first song was doing it right. I drove when the light turned green.
-Airport-
I parked and walked in. I found my brother and sat on his lap. He freaked out and said
"Really? Ther- Oh hey Allie whats up?"
"Nothing just enjoying this seat." I answered
"Well im not so came we leave?"
"Yea my butt hurts." Gilinsky said
"I guess."
I stood up and waited for them to get there stuff. We walked to my jeep and Jack and Gilinsky ran to my car. Gilinsky won witch meet he got to sit in the front seat. I dont know why thats so great. I got in and plugged my phone back into the AUX thing and started the car. Like Whoo was the first song to come on. I drove out and Gilinsky turned the music up. I got though the airport and on the highway in no time. Then we got stuck in traffic. Great. Both of them hated getting stuck in traffic. "When can we move?" Jack wines from the back seat.
"Really we've been sitting her for 2 seconds." I said
"Long enough." He says back
I saw a ramp and looked back to see if anything was coming. I drove and got on the ramp. We were in a small town and i figured why get something to eat.
"Where are we going?" Jack asked
"Food." I said
"Really?" Gilinsky askes
"I had one bite of an apple. Yes really." I sassed
I pulled into a I hop and parked. I grabbed my phone and we got out and walked in. We where sitted right away i sat next to Jack so it didnt look like i was dating Gilinsky. Im not really, but me and Jack look alike and thats gross if we did date. Its weird that we look alike because he has blond hair and i have brown. He has blue/green eyes i have blue/grey eyes. Hes pail and im tan. I git kicked and snapped out of my daze.
"What?"
"What do you want to drink?" Jack asked
"Sprit." I said
The lady walked away and both the Jacks looked at me.
"What were you think about?" Jack asked
"People always say we look alike but i dont see it." I said
"The nose and eyes and ears." Gilinsky said
"You never see my ears though." I said
He reached over the table and moved the hair away from my ears.