
"Hey guys whats up. Today we are here with Zoé and my sister Allie. Wave."
We did and Gilinsky took over.
"A few months ago we told them todo the Ice bucket challenge and they didn't so...we inputted their tanning ...not that Allie needs to tan...and told them they had to do it."
"Just stay here and get ready."
"We cant really get ready." I said
We stood there and waited. The water was soon dumped on us and we both lost out shirts.
"Fuck. You. Guys." Zoé said
We pulled them and Jack stood next to Zoé and Gilinsky next to me.
"Thumbs up this video if you want to see more of Allie and Zoé. Or even if you hated them but liked the video. Or if you a pervert that likes to see clothes fall off young teenage girls."
"Thanks for watching and subscribe for more videos. Or dont its your choice." Gilinsky said
They ended the video and Zoé walked over to them.
"If you looked at our boobs in the editing processe ill kill each of you. Slowly."
"Okay you can watch us edit them." Gilinsky said.
We all walked in the house to Jacks room. We watched them edit the video and put black box things around our boobs when our tops fell off. They uploaded it and we went to my room and changed. Went in Jacks room and got one of his shirts and went to my room. I put it on and it was way big. Me and Zoé laid in my bed and watch Netflix on my laptop. Jack and Gilinsky came in
"What are you watching?"
"Were getting ready to watch paranormal activity: the marked ones."
"Can we watch?" Jack asked
"If you get popcorn my monsters from the fridge snacks and more pillows and blankets." Zoé said
They ran out and we waited
"Do you like Jack?" Zoé asked
"Gilinsky? I think i do."
*Gilinskys P.O.V*
I was going back to Allies room with pillows and blankets and heard her talking to Zoé
"Do you like Jack?"
"Gilinsky? I think i do."
I smiled made it sound like i was walking down the hall. I walked in and they got off the bed and they asked if they cpuld sit on ours laps. I said yes and Jack came in.
"Jonhson." Allie said
"Jonhson." He said back
"Put the snacks down and get on the bed. Zoé is gonne sit in your lap."
"Yes ma'am."
He sat down next to me. I was against the wall and they put pillows around us. Allie sat in my lap and Zoé sat in Jacks. They pulled a blanket over us and got the snacks and drinks and played the movie. Allie would get scared and cover her eyes. I would rub little circles on her back and then shed go back to watching it. She drank to monsters and was going crazy. The movie was over and it was 4 so it was still light out.
"Lets go swimming." She said in my ear.
Jack and Zoé fell asleep and i agreeed. She got a black bikini and went to the bathroom. I went to Jacks room and got a pair that i left here. When i was done Allie was standing the hall way. We walked down to the pool and she dived in. I followed her and when i came up she was coming up. She looked at me and swam around. We messed around and if was getting cold and drak. She started to shiver. I hugged her and she hugged me back. She looked at me and i looked back. We started leaning in and we haerd a sound that was like a stick being broken. We got out and went in. I looked the door and she went up to her room. I got on my short and she came in and took my shirt looked at and left. I followed her out and she put it on in the hallway. She was half naked when she got it so makes since. Looked in her room and at me