
"They're the same." He sat down and the drinks came. We ordered and talked.i got a phone call from someone and i looked down and saw my ex-boyfriend was calling me. His name is Cody. I showed Jack and he took me phone and went outside. A few minutes later he came in and sat down. He put my phone down and it rang again. Gilinsky grabbed it and looked at me. He looked sad and mad. I dont know why. The phone stopped ringing and i turned it off and slipped it in my pocket. The food came and we ate. I got my phone back when i was done and turned it on. When it was on i had 7 missed calls from Cody and 2 voice mails. When the boys were done Jack paid and we walksd out. We went to my car and Gilinsky sat in the back. I again plugged my phone in and these time Gas Pedal came on. We drove away from the dinner and i needed gas so we stopped. I got $30 dollars out and walked into the gas station with jack and jack following me. I went and got 2 monsters and paid for them and gas. I walked out and started pumping the gas. Gilinsky and Jack came out and got in.
"Why did you get to monsters?" Gilinsky asked
"Because." I stated
"She doesn't like rockstar." Jack said
The gas was done and i shut the gas cap and pulled away. We got on the highway and lucky it was clear. We drove home. When we got to mine and Jacks house they walked in and i sat in my car for a second. A car pulled up and i saw Cody get out. I got out and went to the door. He got to me before i did the door.
"What?" I asked
"Why havent you answered any calls?"
"Because. And if you dont stop ill call the police." I said
"You cant do that."
"Yes i can." I yelled.
He grabbed my arm and pulled me to him. I looked at him and he had the look of evil in his eyes. I saw a hand and he was pushed off me.
"Its time that you leave." Gilinsky said
"You cant make me."
"I cant but her dad can. And ive heard you scared of his shotgun."
Cody looked at him and backed down
"Ill get you." He said and looked at me with a smirk "Pretty boy cant help you for ever." He walked away and Jack walked my inside. He locked the door and looked at me with sorrow. I walked away to my room. I texted my best friend Zoé and told her to come over. A few minutes later she was in my room. We decided to tan and talk do we got on one of my bikinis and walked down to pool. We laid out and i told her about Cody and Gilinsky. How he looked at me with sad and mad eyes like he wished it was him or something. They came out when we flipped so our fronts could tan. Im naturally tan so im just wasting time doing this but oh well. Gilinsky stood over me and Jack over Zoé.
"What?" I asked
"We nominated you guys to the ice bucket challenge months ago." Jack said
"And we didnt do it." Zoé said
"Your gonna do it now for YouTube." Gilinsky said
"No." I said
"You dont have a chocie." Jack said.
"Fine." I said
"Im still not doing it." Zoé said
"Im doing it." I said
"Have fun losing your top." She said
Jack pulled her up and she had to do it now. We stood in the grass and Jack and Gilinsky stood with us.