
(Abbie's pov)My heart is pounding, I can feel the heat rushing to my cheeks. I'm fuming,and I have a feeling that I'm about to lose it. "For fuck sake Reece! I'm sick and tired of this!" I slammed my fist on the wooden table. "It's been 2 years, did you really think I can still take this?!". I cam hardly breathe, I can feel my chest closing up. I need air. Before Reece could say anything, I made my way towards the door slamming it shut.
Then finally the cool breeze smacked me on my face. I can hear faint a voice calling my name in the distance,the voice was becoming clearer so I quickened my pace. "Abbie wait!", Reece yelled. He caught up with me,stopping my footsteps.
He placed his hands on the top of my shoulders and took a deep breath. "Babe,I'm sorry to have to put through all this shit, it's not fair you. You deserve better,I'm sorry I love you so much". Reece looked down to the ground feeling guilty. He looked so delicate and precious. Reece's beautiful blue eyes looked into me,and all I could see was pain. He opened his mouth to speak,but before he could say anything I wrapped my arms around his tall figure,giving him a warm hug. At first he shifted then he hugged me back. We stayed like that for a while- it felt like forever- but I didn't mind. His blonde hair tickled my neck as I hugged him tighter,bringing his body closer to mine. My eyes flickered over to his, "I forgive you...I love you too".
Reece and I went back to his house,which was in a complete mess. "I'm sorry for all this mess...", I apologized putting my head down in shame. Reece just chuckled lightly, "it's okay babe,I deserve it". I sighed feeling glum he thinks this is all his fault, but I didn't say anything back I don't want another argument. Reece plopped down on the black leather sofa. "C'mere", he grabbed my waist making me sit on him. My eyes feel exhausted and so does my body.
I opened my mouth wide open forming an 'o' shape,as I stretched my arms all over the place and I let out a loud yawn. Reece leaned in and kissed my neck, "You tired babe?". I nodded slowly letting out another yawn. Reece got up and picked me up princess style, he started to walk towards the stairs. " Reecey where are you taking me?" , I asked resting my head on his shoulder."Shh", he muttered without answering my question. However I was too tired to care. Reece carried me up the stairs and into the bedroom. He kicked the door open,laying me on the bed.
My eyes started to close;in the background I could Reece taking off his jeans,climbing into the bed next to me. He wrapped his arms around my waist, so I snuggled into him feeling his hard chest. Reece planted a soft kiss on my head before whispering, " Goodnight princess". With that exhaustion took over me as I drifted off to dreamland.
~That's chapter one for you,please give me feedback and tell me your opinion on this. Also, I'm sorry if I made any spelling mistakes or if my punctuation sucked. A picture of Reece is on the side&Im sorry that this chapter is short~GirlAlmight123 x