
Clary.
Clary woke with a start as she blindly fumbled, for her phone, to turn off her alarm. She pulled off the covers and dragged herself out of bed. Stretching, she walked to the bathroom to examine herself. Her bold, red curls hung over her shoulders, too fizzy to tame with a brush, and her skin was the pale, making her freckles stand out. Her big, emerald eyes, gleamed in the light. Clary stripped off her damp clothes, which were drenched with sweat, and climbed into the shower. She stood in the hot water trying to clear her thoughts.
After a while, she stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around herself. She rummaged through her cupboards to find something comfortable to wear. She threw on dark skinny jeans and a cream jumper. She tied her hair into a messy bun and pulled out her favourite brown boots from her wardrobe. Clary picked up her phone and dialled Jace's number. He answered after three rings.
"Hey Clary," his voice sounded so worried that Clary picked up on straightaway.
"Hey, umm is everything alright? You sound...worried?" On the other line there was a hesitation and shouting in the background.
"Clary, I think you should come over here, there's something you should see," he spoke with the worry still in his tone but it was gentler.
"Alright, I'll be there soon," she said and hung up.
Clary walked into the Institute and was struck with the warmth. While walking to the library, she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror. Her hair was wild and windswept, from the vicious breeze outside. Her eyes were big and bright and her cheeks were a dark shade of pink, caused by the strong wind.
When she arrived at the library, everyone surrounded the table, blocking her view of what they were all looking at, as they all had their backs to her. None of them had acknowledged her presence yet, but she listened into their conversation anyway.
"-it is obvious that he sent this," Jace said bitterly.
"I found it here this morning along with this," Maryse said, gesturing to something Clary couldn't see.
"But whose are these? Why would he do such a thing?" Isabelle asked.
When no one answered, Clary took that as her cue to step in.
"Why would who do what?" All eyes turned towards her, although nobody said anything. Clary stood in an uncomfortable silence, waiting for someone to answer her questions.
Finally Maryse walked up to Clary and put a hand on her shoulder.
"Clary, you should see this," Maryse said, gently.
She steered Clary through the group, as they stepped aside so she could see what they were looking at. When she got a view, she gasped. On the table were two white angel wings, covered in golden liquid - blood. A piece of paper was laid next to the wings. Clary opened the paper, and instantly, she recognised her brother's handwriting. Her blood ran cold.
"By the Angel," she whispered.
She read the words: I am coming.