
Lilly's POV
My name is Lilly, and I'll be telling you the story of how I met the one and only One Direction.
***********************
It was 5:50 pm, which meant the store was about to close , and I can finally go home and relax. My friends and I worked at Guess so we could save up enough money to buy our own flat, and live together like we had planned to when we started high school.
" Attention costumers the store is now closing, thank you for shopping at Guess." Rose said through the microphone. Rose was my best friend. She has brownish red hair that goes up to her shoulders, bright green eyes, and is average height.
" Hey, I just need to use the washroom and I'll be right back. Oh and don't forget to lock up, I'll meet you outside in 5. " Maria said running out the door. Maria was my other bff, and Rose's older sister. She has long brown hair, that go up to her waist, dark brown eyes, and is only a year older then Rose, and I. Maria is 19, and Rose and I are 18.
The costumers started exiting the store, leaving Rose and I to close up. I was just about to ask Rose if her and Maria would want to come over for dinner tonight, and maybe sleep over since tomorrows the weekend, but I was interrupted by loud banging on the door.
" What if they're burglers , and they want to take all the money, or worse want to kidnap us! " Rose started freaking out and the banging kept getting louder and louder and to be completely honest I was terrified but didn't want to show it. I got closer to the door, looked at Rose and she nodded, encouraging me to open the door. I took a deep breath opened the door, and there were 5 guys standing at the door. They were all really good looking , and I couldn't help but stare at them. They looked so familiar. Like I've seen them somewhere, but where?
Suddenly the boy with the curly hair spoke up. " Do you ladies like what you see" he says while winking at Rose. I look over to see Rose blushing a deep red and I can't help but laugh She just gives me a dirty look.
"We need to come in right now." The boy with blonde hair says in a panicked tone.
"I'm sorry boys, but the store is already closed" I reply back sincerely. " You don't understand it's an emergency you got to let us in. PLease. Please. Please. Please" The boy with blue eyes, and brown swept hair kept saying. I finally gave in. "Ok, but only 10 minutes then you all have to leave."
"Thank you so much." Said the boy with the buzz cut. Wow he was fit. Now that I look at it they're all fit, and extremely good looking. Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted by a crowd of screaming girls running and yelling out "where are they"? "Let's go look outside" " They're probably gone. Let's go home" and the screaming and yelling quieted down.
"What was that all about?" Rose asked I just shrugged my shoulder not knowing what any of that was about.
" You never told us what your names were by the way" I say turning around to face them. " Wait you mean you don't know who we are" the one with the brown eyes and blonde streak of hair asked looking at us like we were crazy.
"No. Should we?" I asked suddenly confused, and guessing by Rose's reaction she was too. The boy with the blue eyes, and brown swept hair suddenly got up. "My name's Louis , love" he said winking causing me to smile. The boy with the blonde streak of hair suddenly got up and coughed. "Sorry. Any ways I'm Zayn , this is Niall ." He said pointing the boy with blonde hair. He waved at us, and we waved back. "This is Liam." " Hello ladies it's nice to meet you. "It's nice to meet you too" Rose said shocking me. She usually isn't the type to talk to strangers since she's so shy. "And finally this is our curly haired friend Harry." " Now it's your turn to tell us your names" Harry said smirking.
"Well my names Lilly, and this is Rose, yeah." I don't know why I'm getting nervous all of a sudden. I've never been nervous in my life, but then I never really met 5 extremely cute boys either. Liam was just about to say something when the door slammed open, and there stood an angry Maria. Oh oh, We're in trouble.