
My name is Justin Drew Bieber. Honey brown eyes, 5'8, brownish hair, tattoos and abs. I'm a very athletic person if you ask me. Captain of the basketball team, I play tennis, I run and I love dancing. To keep all of that up though, I have to pass my classes. School isn't that hard, I get good grades and all but I just don't care for it, at all.
I have some friends but I don't trust a lot of people. I don't let people close to me either, you have to gain my trust in you before I even let you know what my favorite meal is. It's that bad, never know who you can't trust nowadays. The good part about it is that I don't talk to many people and there's less drama.
I'm not as charismatic as other boys are to girls or to boys. I don't even know what I am yet, sexual preference wise, all I know is that I like what I like. Maybe I'm foodsexual? That's a thing, right? Well even if it's not, its my thing so, we're using that.
There's this one boy though. I don't know his name, but he's pretty good looking. Well at least from all the guys I've seen at my school, he's at the top of the list. I bet you he has girls nude by the time he says "hi". Like just the magnificence of his voice, would kill them, probably me too.
It's best to keep my distance though.
:-:
My name is Jason Andrew McCann. Ice blue eyes, 6'1, blonde hair, tattoos, abs, bad boy appearance, as some would say. There's nothing special about me except my face, body, and charm. Probably not passing school, but as of right now, I couldn't give a rats ass. I mean, I find it pointless, like there is really no point in us going to school because now we only try to pass school, we aren't learning.
I don't think I'll need trigonometry and calculus to know how to count money and buy groceries or clothing. All I need in all honesty is adding, subtracting, multiplying, dividing, and percentages for deals and that's all I need for math. Everything else is useless.
I don't like anybody at school. All a bunch of impeccable swines. Each and every one of them, even the teachers, except for this one student. His name is Justin. Justin Bieber. To say that I want and need him would be an understatement. That boy is my whole life and I haven't even stood next to the dude for crying out loud.
Once I get him close enough to me, I'll capture him and make sure he becomes mine, if not...
Houston, we have a problem.
---WOOOOHHHH!!
My first Jastin book is on lift off. I always read Jastin or Jerek books, so now I wanna write one of my own, for the fun of it. Well this should be good I hope. Not very long, but longer chapters to come, I just wanted to put a little information out there.
Please give me feedback and I'll update the next chapter soon.
Xx