
"Come on Dan, were gonna be late" Phil shouted. Dan was just crawling out of bed with only 10 minutes to spare. He ran to the bathroom and had a shower, before straightening his hair and throwing on some half decent jeans and a button down shirt. When he emerged from his bedroom, Phil was waiting for him.
"What took you so long? We have to leave" He looked down at his imaginary watch "5 minutes ago! What were you doing?"
"Sleeping" was all he grunted out. "Hey Phil, can we stop at starbucks on the way back? Or I'm gonna be really grumpy."
"Sure, whatever"
They both bundled into a taxi and set off to lakeshore adoption house, which was only 10 minutes down the road on foot, but the boys were too lazy to walk. When they arrived, they noticed that the outside was covered in a gross yellow-mustard colour, and the paint was long past peeling. It fell across the brick in long strands, almost as if someone had painted it with strips of masking tape. The door was bright red, and was too peeling. It appeared that the house would have once looked happy and inviting, but the many years of neglect had reversed the effects of the bright coloured paints. Both boys stepped inside catiously, and were immeadiately greeted with grubby walls, and a dirty carpet, which looked as if many pairs of feet had passed over the exact spot they were stood, as the carpet was worn and tatty on the edges. They both approached the desk in the corner of the room, and waited for assistance. A woman stepped out minutes later, dressed in a long gray skirt, and a beige, flowy top. She looked to be in her mid-thirties, yet her face told a different story. It was addorned with deep wrinkles and dark circles were permanantly affixed around her watery gray eyes. She shot them a weak smile, befor speaking up, her voice cracked, as though she had been shouting moments before.
"Hello, boys. How may I help you?" She looked at Dan first, and then Phil, before discreetly sighing under her breath. Many young couples had passed through those doors today, and these too were no different. They were all the same. They all wanted the little girls with the pigtails and tutu's. The home held 26 children, and 13 of them were over 11. No one ever wanted them, and in all honesty, she felt sorry for them. They too had been here all their lives, but hadn't lucked out quite enough when they were at the 'adoptable age' as they put it. It wasn't fair on them.
"Hi" Phil spoke up, Dan hiding behind him. "We would like to adopt a girl, a teenager if possible, one around 11, to 15?" The womens eyes lit up, and suddenly she was intruiged.
" Yes, yes, of course, right this way" She stammered, maybe a little too eagerly. But she didn't care. One of the teens were gonna be rescued from this hell hole. Something like this happened maybe once every 3 months, and she was exited. They got so many children passing in and out of that door very day, yet not one of them had been a teenager yet this year, and it was May. She called up the stairs of the lobby for the kids, and they came bundling down the stairs like elephants. They all stood in a line in front of the stairs, and Dan and Phil were impressed by their organisation. They could tell they had been rehersing for th occasion. Once they were all down stairs, the woman counted them, and, once satisfied they were all there, she said a line the boys were convinced she had recited 1 million times.
"Good morning, children"
"Good morning Miss Gulliver" The teens chanted back. Most of them looked like the average, preppy teens, with natural makeup, and obsetions with pop groups. A few of them were slutty, and wors revealing clothes and way too much makeup. A couple of them were scene, and wore heavy black rings around their eyes and sported many peircings. Only one of them stood out to Dan, and that was the one who was on the end. She had been the last to come down the stairs, and was smaller than the rest. She had long, lucious brown locks that spiraled down to her lower back. Her gaze was set on the crusty carpet, and she wore a black MCR t-shirt, which said "We'll carry on" in large, white lettering, and a pair of black jeans. They were meant to be skinny, yet her legs seemed too thin to fill them, so they hung off her like robes. He nudged Phil, and gestured towards her. By now all the other girls had started to mill around, yet she stayed where she was, too scared to join in with the conversations. They approached her carefully, and up close, Dan could see she had been crying, for her blushed cheeks were tear stained and her deep brown eyes were red and puffy. She fiddled with her fingers, until Dan spoke up