
Izzy's POVI walked through the creepy forest, in the dead of night, the wind making my blonde hair stretch out behind me. I looked around cautiously. This forest always scared the crap out of me. The trees towered over me like skyscrapers, as if they were trying to make me feel small and useless. Well, it seemed to be working. After the break-up with Adam, everything in the world seemed much faster, as if time didn't want me to have a break. It sucked.
I wished the walk from my house to Jullia's wasn't so long. The wind made made me shiver, and suddenly I got the odd feeling that someone was watching me. *snap*Went a branch a few meters away."Hello" I yelled out into the darkness. "Is anyone there??" I said.No response.I decided it would be best if I kept on walking. ***David's POV"Okay, so when I get to the airport, I'm gonna run forward, and wrap him in a hug!!!" Hope cried, a smile glued to her face.
"Hope, how the hell are you going to get to the airport if you have no one to drive you. It's in Toronto, and HOUR AND A HALF AWAY! Look, I think it's time you tell your mom about this relationship!!" I said
"No way! I can't have her knowing I'm with Nick!!" Hope whispered, suddenly afraid her mom would overhear from upstairs. We were sitting in hopes basement, watching Once Upon A Time. But we weren't really paying attention anymore. Hope keeps on obsessing about her boyfriend, Nick. They had been dating for 2 weeks now. I being her best friend, didn't trust him at all, and wanted her to never see him again. He seemed to be a bad boy. But, hope hasn't told anyone about this relationship but me. It's kinda weird how secret this seems to be. Hope never cared about people knowing about any of her past boyfriends. Something weird was up, and I was going to get to the bottom of it. Hope is only 13, like everyone else in my class. I just don't want her to get hurt...
"So, back to the whole getting to the airport thing. Ya, how's that gonna happen!?" I ask.
"You'll know when the time comes..." Hope said, almost evily. Her brown eyes glimmered for a second, then went back to normal. Something was definetly up with her...***Izzy's POVI was so relieved when I reached my house. But not at all relieved when I entered. "Dad!?" I said, as I opened the front door to find him kissing my mom in the hallway! "What the hell are you doing her."My history with my dad wasn't pleasant...Him and my mom got a divorce when I was 10. He was always working and I never really got to know him anyways. But 3 years later he decides to come back, out of the blue. I was furious.*The next day at school, I avoided Adam for as long as possible. It wasn't easy. He's beautiful blond hair, always glowing wherever he is. He smelt like cologne, and fresh air. He was tall, with perfect green eyes that you could stare at for days.I snapped out of my stupor to find myself face to face with the guy I was just thinking about."You won't tell anyone my secret, right... You haven't, right!" Adam whispered, as students walked by.
"No! Of course not!" I whispered back.
"Good." Tears started to form in his eyes. "Because if you do, I will take you down....."