
Y/N's P.O.VThomas has been weird lately, when I am talking to him he seems not to listen, it's like something has been bothering him, he is usually so sweet and gentle, but I just know there's something bothering him, I just want him to tell me what it is, we usually tell everything to each other. Maybe I should ask him, or maybe not, I just don't want him to get mad.
Thomas' P.O.V"Dylan, can I talk to you about something?" I asked to Dylan who was sitting across the couch while we were watching a football game."Sure bro." He replayed.He turned off the T.V and looked at me, hopping at some point I would say something."Dylan, I want to marry Y/N." I saud as he smiled."Dude, that's so awesome!" He screamed as he stood up, to hug me.--Later--I didn't knew wich ring to chose, everyone was so happy, Kaya was trying to help me, but I just said no to all the rings she picked, Y/N deserves something so special, I love her, but I think the guys are getting impatient, because everytime they picked a ring I just said no, what if she says no? What if I am not enough? That must be she is so gorgeous, and special."Thomas, look at this one!" Kaya said.I walked up to her, I was about to say no when I saw it a beautiful white gold engagement ring with a precious diamond in the center."Yes." I finally said.
Y/N's P.O.VI was watching Friends, my favorite T.V show when I heard my phone.I took it from the brown nightstand and unlocked my phone to see one new message from Thomas.From: ThomasBabe, we don't we both meet at the park tonight, I've got something to tell you, meet you there at 7:30?I love you xx
I looked at the clock, 6:50 I needed to dress up since I am wearing a couple if sneakers and my pajamas.
To: ThomasMeet you at the park then. Love you too <3You send the message and changed ti your light pink dress with your Brown coat and brown boots.
Thomas' P.O.VIt's 7:27 and Y/N hasn't arrive, what if she us mad?Kaya tapped my left shoulder I turned around."Thomas Y/N is right there."She said, I turned around to look at the gorgeous girl I fell in love with, her hair falled gracefully behind her back, her eyes make the stars look like they are not shinnig, she, steals my heart.All of a sudden all if my worries, go away when I heard her beautiful voice."Thomas." She says as she hugs me."I-I want to talk to you about something." I said getting lost in her beauty, oh what this girl does to me."What is it?" She said sitting down."Y/N, since the first moment I saw you, I fell in love with your beauty, you are so beautiful, and so caring, I love you, honestly I don't know what I did to deserve you, you catch my breath, you never let me fall, I love you, you are my everything, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you, will, will you be mine, will you marry me?""Oh, Thomas I love you. Yes, Yes!!!" She screamed while hugging me.I took out the ring and placed it on her fourth finger.I love her. All of the guys who were hidden behind the bushes came out and congratulated us."I love you Thomas.""I love you more Y/N."