
"Ella Snow- you are needed in the business lounge for a short meeting." The voice from the intercom in my room repeats for the third time. I brushed my brown hair down past my shoulders, but not quite to my chest. I slip on my black leather vest, and shove my key-card into the breast pocket. The cold air of the hallway brushes the hairs on my arm. The door to my dormitory shuts behind me and makes a cold locking sound. Chuckling, while shaking my head, I sprint down the hallway. To the right- open second door on the left, then the third one on the left again, go down that hall until I reach the vault like door that waits for me. I type in my special code-713223-and the door turns and opens. My hair is swept back from the wind, and I step in to the boring room. Grey is on every wall, the happiest thing is a packet of papers at our leaders chair.
"Sorry... I got the message when I got in my room after school." I try to make up an excuse for being late to the surprise meeting.
"School ended 2 hours ago." says the professor sitting directly across from me.
" I was with Ryan. We were shopping." I drop my head low and my voice is barely a squeak. Its not my fault they do things to the couples.
"How is everything by the way?" asks our leader, Madame Kovarian.
"Sick, I don't feel like doing anything, getting bigger." I scoff at the people at the table. I hate what they have done to me. Not to mention, my friends, and to my parents.
"Ok, well right down to business." Says Madame Kovarian as if it was all normal what they have been forcing on people for 20 years now. I just sigh and fall into my seat. "We face a threat from The Doctor once again. He has sent us a message. 'We are coming for the girl.' We don't know which girl he is talking about, or when. It is quite a vague message, and I believe its real this time. If you check the origination of the message, it was sent from his TARDIS, and its not some silly schoolboy, or a major hacker, like the previous times. What do you suggest we do?"
Head of defense is tapping the table with his fingers, and our three professors are staring out into space, like they're thinking of some sort of chemical that can kill The Doctor. Head of Defense speaks up "More guards in every corridor. And maybe-" But he is cut off by Madame Kovarian.
"We don't have any more men to put on duty. We just lost quite a few in the nuclear radiation accident from last year. It scared people to not sign up for the military." I roll my eyes at our leader. She can be a real pain. Always rude, never caring about other people.
"We can use a chemical that can be inhaled, drunk, or eaten that makes him pass out, then take guards away from highly populated areas and deploy them over by the girl once he specifies" A professor explains.
"That could work. But what about his friends he's going to bring along." asked another professor.
"How do you know he is going to bring friends. Maybe he doesn't want to put them into danger. Maybe this girl means nothing. and he is just retrieving her for a family." I retort anger boiling up. They brainwash all the citizens to think The Doctor is a horrible man with no sense, and he declares wars on innocent countries and leaders. The history books have endless lessons on the war of Demons Run. Which is this city. We are called Demons Run. I was 5 years old when this war happened. That war was 11 years ago, and apparently he declared it upon us for no reason. But I know that he wouldn't do that. For some reason, I remember the Doctor, I see him in my dreams, he calls for me. He isn't what the books say he is. I know he is more.