
(KAYLA ON COVER)"I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best."-Marilyn Monroe
Being a teen at highschool can be a challenge. You have a lot of work to face everyday, teachers and groupies. Since I'm a senior it really doesn't matter anymore because I won't have to see them after I graduate out of this crappy school. Its the middle of January and nothing has changed about anyone here at William E. Carter High. We got thugs on the basketball team, thots and bitches on the cheerleading squad that look walking stds but that ain't nun of my business, old and young teachers that are also thots, People that don't wanna be bothered and are smart but they all call them nerds, and then there's me and my squad. They call me Kayla. A tall girl with nothing but thickness. A lot of booty and d cup breasts. I get a lot of attention but not more attention than this bitch named Tammy but I'm not gonna get into detail with her. I continued writing notes for math class and stopped when someone tapped me on my back. I turned my head slightly and my eyes met with a white envelope. I took it and read it to myself. "Aye yo ma, I was wondering if a nigga could take you out ta dinner ta see where things could go from there if you know what I mean," I tucked the letter in my binder and kept writing until the bell rung. I grabbed my books and walked to my locker. It's the end of the day so I grabbed my duffle bag for cheerleading practice and my book bag out my locker before turning to a familiar face behind me. A face that I haven't seen since the 5th grade. "Jamal?" I looked the guy up and down before I started to turn red. I've always had a crush on him but I kept it between me and my two best friends. I thought I'd never see him again.He stood at 6 feet , 3 inches, fair- skinned, and chains hangin from his neck, and waves that would drive a girl crazy. Just like how I remember him, I found myself too caught up in how I felt that I forgot about what I had to do. I looked into his eyes, being put under his spell. "Sup girl, I see you remembered me," he says biting his bottom lip. Who could forget bout someone his fine? I looked away, trying to avoid him seeing me blush. "Nope I didn't forget bout you at all," I looked down at shoes, avoiding eye contact. That's when I heard the most dreadful voice nearby. " Ayo Cash, we still on for that date tonight?" Tammy says approaching us wit her little side bitch, Roshanda. I felt heart broken, for him to go out with a bitch like that, well, he is baller so I suppose that you could say that I'm jealous. " You know damn well I broke up wit yo ass 3 months ago so cut the shit," he watched me walk away. He caught my arm before I could walk farther away from them. "Don't be showing off cuz you know we still a thing, we run this school, together," she gave me that stank look like she was trying to tell me to get lost on sum shit. I stood perfectly still, with a smile on my face as I watched their little argument go on. "Iont know what the fuck your smiling for but you need to stop, I don't find this amusing at all," Roshanda says with putting her hands on her hips. I looked at the watch on my wrist and laughed to myself. The watch read 3:05, I'm 5 minutes late due to these hoes. "Look sweetie, you don't know me, so don't say shit me, Iont got time for y'all petty shit, I got more important shit to do, understand?" I adjusted the bag on my shoulder and flipped my hair over my shoulder while staring her dead in her eyes. "Bitch, Iont know who the fuck you think you talking to like that but it ain't me," she says taking a step closer to my face. Her breath reeked from the scent of weed, alcohol, onions, feet, ass, and hot Cheetos. I dug in my backpack and fished out a pack of gum and tick tacs. "I think you'd be needing these more than I do," I handed them to her in the nicest way. I heard a lot of laughter coming towards us, it was a group of boys that I was somewhat familiar with. "Oh shit, she said yo breath smell like shit, daymmm," one of the boys said. She smacked them out of my hands and I shrugged my shoulders. Her lost. "Hey Kayla, I ain't see you in a while," my old best friend, Kris says coming up to me and giving me a hug."Iont know why, I've been here since the beginning of the year, I can't really talk now I promise we'll catch up later," he smiled. "Ight, you still got my number?" I started to walk off. "I might, if not I'll get it from Jeremy," I said. I went to the bathroom to change into my squad captain outfit and went out to the field. I set my bags down on the bench before walking over to the girls. "Sorry for the delay girls, I was stuck in a little predicament but I'm here now," everyone's attention snapped towards me. "Girl you ain't got nothing to worry bout, we already did warm ups all we have to do is go over the rest of the dance," my co captain/best friend, Jessica says tying her hair long black hair into a high ponytail. "Good, c'mon girls, we got a less than one week till the next game, assume position." As soon as jumped up and got in their right spots, we started to practice. ************************************"Great job girls, yall got everything down so we're only gonna go over it for two more days, next Tuesday and Thursday," I say grabbing my phone and my speaker off the floor. We exchanged our goodbyes and exited through the front doors. I looked up from my phone to see that Jamal and the rest of his crew sitting on the step. "Hey Jess, how was practice," Jeremy says pulling Jessica into his arms. I turned around and automatically started blushing at the sight of Jamal standing before me. He gave me a questioning look and I read his mind. I sighed, thinking about the pros and cons of this situation. Pro: We can catch up on what happened in the 5th grade. Cons: I'd be seeing the two neighbourhood thots more often. "Fine, pick me up from my house at 7:30, don't stand me up either," he smiled and we exchanged numbers. "Excuse his rude ass, My name is Dice, your soon to be best friend," I turned my head to the guy named Dice. I laughed."Seriously? Dice? You couldn't possibly think about anything better den that?" He looked at me like I was crazy. "Don't hate, Dice is better then Cash," Jamal looked like he wanted to punch him in his face. I turned around to Jessica who was sitting on Jeremy's lap and smiled. She winked back at me and got up. Relationships goals. I turned back around to hear the boys argument. "Maynee what eva, I still get hella bitches," we laughed. "Well, I gotta go home and get ready. I'll see you tomorrow, best friend," I walked away, smiling so hard that my dimples popped out. I placed my bags in the back of Jessica's car and hopped in with her. "Awww, y'all is too cute together, I can't wait to tell Stephanie bout this!" I couldn't stop smiling. I can't wait to see how this night is going to turn out.