
"Okay... I didn't ask for an explanation."
"I thought you needed one."
"Yea, very thoughtfull of you. Just be safe, with the friend and all."
"Okay Kane. I'll send the text to your mum and tell you when done."
"Don't over think it. Love you, bye," I hang up before he has time to say anything else and sit down on one of the chairs trying to compose a text for Kane's mother.
Hello, Mrs. Stephens. It's Kiara Pauls.
I got caught in a situation in the hospital and I would need Kane to babysitt my sister - Serena.
Would it be possible for him to bail out of the house for one night?
"That's a bit professional," Doctor June says sitting down next to me and I nod pressing send and smiling when she answers affirmatively. I send a text to Kane, with done written on it and then Doctor talks again.
"Why lie?" I look at him and he smiles "You told the nurse his name was Dylan, you were best friends since childhood. You told your friend, Kane, that his name was Dylan, he was your friend and knew each other for a week. Next thing I know, you cut him to fake self harm and didn't cop with the pressure so you brought him in to bail in the middle of the night. Is his name even Dylan?"
He accuses and I chuckle "That's what he told me. Do you really think I could kill someone? I haven't eaten meat because I saw someone beat down a pig. I wouldn't hurt a person."
He nods "The true story."
"I work in the suicide hotline," He raises an eyebrow "And he called, to... Uhm inform me about his address so the body could be picked up and about his funeral too. He told me his parents and brother were dead and I went to his house. Left my bike on the process and almost got an ashtma attack. Still think I killed him?"
"I won't take back the accusation. You lied about it, still, and that's bad; but on the other side," He pauses and I nod "You saved someone's life. That's brave."
"Thanks Doctor June," He smiles and nods.
"Call me Rafael."
"That's a pretty name. I like it."
"Thanks, Kiara, yes?" I nod "Are you going to wait for the boy - Dylan?"
"Yea. I have to ask him or at least take care of him or else driving a car illegaly would be all in vain," His eyebrows shoot up and I chuckle nervously "I am kidding."
He shakes his head "I'll pretend I didn't hear that because I know you aren't kidding."
"Are you Kiara?" I look up to see a very old looking man, which I assume is the doctor and nod standing up "You brought Dylan, I assume?"
"Yes. I did. Is he okay?"
"Classify okay," He looks to my side and his eyebrows raise at the sight of Rafael "Doctor June, people need you in room A-98."
Rafael stands up and nods at me before walking away "He's not dead."
"Thank..."
"Beind undead, doesn't mean being alive, Miss Pauls," He looks at the clipboard in his hands "He has cut himself pretty deep, luckily, he didn't get to any vein but for just some inches. His breathing was steady when you got there, I suppose?"