
"My address?"
"Yes Dylan, your address, come on," I say, hand shaking and fortunately he proceeds to say his address, I write it down, very weirdly and sigh when he finishes "Don't hang up, Dylan. I'll call the ambulance and you'll get out of it."
I take my phone out of my pocket and dial 911, both of my ears were occupied by now and I was sweating, like a pig, but nothing of that mattered as of now. I can't have someone die on me.
"I want white flowers..." I hear Dylan say very faintly and dial the ambulance again, why aren't they picking up? "In my funeral. I like white, my brother and parents had white on his... As well. And... And..."
"Dylan you are not going to die, okay? I won't let you," I say finally letting the tears fall from my eyes and diall the ambulance again.
"But I want to. It's almost...almost done anyways. I want You Are Not Alone by Michael Jackson playing," I let out a sob and one of my colleagues/friends - Kane - comes to see what's happening "I know it's a... Weird song for a funeral but I like it. Ask them to call Miami Gregory's Bor- boarding school too."
"Kai, hey. What's up?" He asks and I shake my heading, pressing the dial button on 911 again.
"Dylan, are you listening to me? Dylan. Dylan," I put my cellphone in my pocket and stand up, getting the paper where I wrote the address and pulling out the keys to my bike's lock "Cover for me."
Kane doesn't have any time to answer, before I'm taking off running out of the building, I get to the backyard, breathless and brush away my tears. I groan when the keys escape my hand and I groan outloud picking them up "Don't die Dylan. Don't die. I'm counting on you."
When I finally get to open the lock, I drop it on the floor and hop on the bike as fast as I can, which leads to me falling about two times on the way but manage to keep it up. I should've told someone.
Now someone's life is in my hands. Why am I so dumb? Street what? Wait... I just missed that turn.
I hop off the bike noticing I'm not very far away and take off running. I'm doing this for you, Dylan. Don't you dare die. I clutch the paper tight in my hands and take a look at it again.
House number 63.
I'm near house 57, I'm close. It's not that hard. I can do this, I can do this. Wait... I can't.
I want white flowers...
I take off running again but this time faster and let go of the paper, I must look like a crazy person as of now. Dylan. Don't die. Don't die.
I stop to look at the house's number and my eyes widen when I see the bold numbers on the mail box. Do I just get in like that? I look at the Audi standing proudly on the street and breath in and out before running to the door. For the first time I act without thinking and open the door.
Faint breaths are heard from the place where I'm standing and I run to the direction which is most probable, I stop and cup my mouth with both of my hands. A boy whom I supose is Dylan is standing bloody on the couch with vertical cuts up his arm.
"Dylan," I call out and move slowly to him "Dylan? Please be alive," I say kneeling down next to him "Dylan, it's me Kiara. Dylan."
I slowly reach out my hand to cup his cheek but retract when he opens his eyes "Kiara?"
"Yea," I breath out "It's me. Let's get you to the hospital, I promise. I promise you'll live, Dylan. Where are your car keys? I'll help you Dylan. I'm here for you. Dylan, where are your car keys?"