
"You know he cut himself?"
"It's pretty obvious, Miss Pauls, unless you got us to believe that?" I shake my head "Good. He's still unconscious but will wake up, within 6 and 10. Probably, those are only my statistics. He has lost a lot of blood too, so he'll need someone to donate him some. But with the list we have in his this hospital, it will be quite impossible to get him someone with A positive."
My eyes widen "That means he's gonna die?"
"Not quite there, unless you want it to happen-"
"I don't want him to die!"
"Yes, correct. He'll get out of it, if you can get someone who donates the blood, directly to him, as of today. A relative, perhaps," I shake my head.
"I don't know anyone."
"What about you?"
"I'm an O."
"I'm sorry for this. I'll..."
"Do everything in your power for him not to die. I know the bullcrap conversation. I don't buy it. I'll make some calls and see if someone has the A positive. I'll inform you if I know of someone," He nods and then breaths out.
He puts his hand on my shoulder and squeezes it "I see you care about this boy. It wasn't for any less, since you're friends for a long time," I bit my lip "I'll ask you something. When he gets out of this, take care of him. I've seen his past attempts."
Wait, he tried more than once? "From the way they've bruised, I'd say about one year, 8 months and 3 months ago. He has only some horizontal ones meaning his objective is not to cause any pain. It's to suicide. He wants to take his life away and this was the fourth time he tried. He won't hesiate on trying again."
"I... I didn't know," I say after realizing I had no possible answer.
"I'm aware of that. Back to the topic, I know he's not a child and he would hate to be treated like one as well. But please take care of him as you would take care of yourself. He's very talented, I can see and you wouldn't want someone to lose their life because of a little incident. I'm trusting you on this, Kiara. I know you can handle him, if you love him. All you need is love, right?"
"I guess."
"Thank you. I'll inform you if I get any news," I nod at him and he walks away. I stare at the double doors in wonder, what is this boy hiding in there?
I take my phone of off my pocket and dial the number.
"Hello?"
"Hi, Kane," I pause "Are you an A positive?"
It's forbidden the reproduction of this work in any way (pictures, quotes, characters, etc) without the writer's consent. With this being said it covers the content, ilustration and graphics. The violation of this rules will be passed on to court.
Copyright © therealriceandbeans. March, 2015