
He blinks at me "From the suicide hotline?"
"Yes Dylan. The keys!" I exclaim and he breaths out but then hisses again.
"Pocket. Back pocket," He says and I groan standing up and closing my eyes. I move his body without looking and stick my hands in his pocket. I gracefully take the keys and open my eyes.
"Cop with me Dylan and you'll be okay, get it?" He faintly chuckles and I grab his arm putting it around my shoulder.
"That seemed like... Like something... Steve would say," I let out a breath and laugh, helping him stand. He seems like someone who's fun. Only someone fun would think about Hawaii Five-0 in the verge of death.
"I know. Just hold on, okay," He nods and with my help stands up, I hold most of his weight on my right side and start dragging him towards the door "Where's the nearest hospital, Dylan?"
"Fairview," He mutters and I nod "Am I bleeding too much?" I look at his arms and imediately take my eyes away and look at his face. He was expecting to die. He wanted to die.
"Dylan, stay with me. Please," I plead when I put him in the passenger seat and he blinks at me. I reach out to his cheek and caress it "Please."
"I can't, it's too late." He says and I blink away my tears but it results on them falling down, I close the door and get to the driver's seat. Putting the keys in the ignition like my dad taught me, I twist them and the engine roars.
"Tell me it's too late again, and I'll hit you with a spoon," I say looking for something to start driving the car and he chuckles, weakly.
"There's no spoon around here."
"I'll find one"
So I have never drove a car. Never in my life, I stick to making the environment clean and that might cost me a life. I put my hands on the steering-wheel but then take them off. Okay, that might cost me two lives, but if I get it right, I might save one "You've never drove a car!" Dylan says and I put my hands on the wheel "I'm dead."
I gulp once and look at Dylan's face, he's relaxed. He wants to freaking die. And then I look at his arms, he stabbed himself. I press the pedal and the car goes forward.
My dad had taught me one thing or another when I was 12, I barely remember any of it but please be enough. And to be honest, I think I've played enough parking games to know the basic about driving.
"Lead the way."
"Stop the car."
"Just lead the way, Dylan."
"Stop the car Kiara. You're going to get us killed."
"Isn't that what you want Dylan? To die? Isn't that why you called the line? Yea, you want to die then be it but you won't be alone in this, okay? You die, I die too. Either lead the way or we die, together."
I grip the wheel and I hear him faintly say left, I turn to the left and almost instantly see the Fairview Madden Hospital sign. I thank god for being that close and then realize, I don't know how to park. Wait, the games. The games.
Somehow and with some luck, I manage to stop the car. Not park it. Stop it. It gets to the middle of the street and I swear before opening the door and walking out of it. I could've came by foot, this is just next door.
My eyes widen when I see Dylan is immobile on the passenger's seat, his eyes are closed and his breath is not very noticeable "Dylan."