
"We met a month ago. We never mentioned surnames," I lie and she nods typing that down. Please something easy.
"How old is he?"
My eyes widen when I blurt out "18," What if he isn't eighteen? I'm so screwed.
"And parents' names or any relative for that matter," I put my hair behind my ears and lick my lips. Parents?
My brother and parents had white on his
I want white flowers
In my funeral
"They're dead. His parents are dead and so is his brother. I don't think he has any more family near here," the nurse types that down and proceeds asking questions about me and how I found him and if I didn't have anything to do with it. I actually think he has more family since he asked to call a boarding school in Miami but I can't be sure, so I didn't mention it.
"What is your relation?"
I freeze and then look at the doctor beside me and at the nurse again. If I say I'm from the suicide hotline, will they let me in there? "Best Friend. We've been... Since childhood now. We're very close."
I should've said sister. Wait, I don't know his surname. I should've just said only friend. What kind of best friend doesn't know about his family?
"Ah, that's right. I'm sorry for what you've witnessed, Kiara. I hope that he is okay," I nod at her and smile a little "I'll check on him and luckily bring good news."
She squeezes my shoulder and walks to the double doors, I groan and put my head in my hands "That's not a good idea."
I turn to my left and see Dr. June pointing at my hands and I take them off of my head. Blood? Hey great "I'll just wash it off when I get home. Don't worry," I say brushing them on my jeans and then feeling my phone.
Phone.
Call.
Kane.
911.
Hospital.
Suicide Hotline.
Job.
Money.
House.
Serena.
Dang.
I grab the phone from my pocket and diall Kane's number, running my hands over my hair as I do so - such a bad idea, I can feel the blood in my hair - and he picks it up at the second ring "Hey Kai, where are you? Are you okay, at least? Why were you crying?"
"I'm alright Kane, thanks for worrying. I'm just assisting a friend in the hospital and as soon as the doctor says he's okay, I'll go home," I say and play with my own thumb.
"Okay. But who's this friend?"
I sigh "His name's Dylan," I was praying for him not to ask.
"Oh. He's a boy..." Wait... Wait, Jealous or am I imagining? "Update me in his state."
"Yea okay. But I wanted to ask you to drop home and take care of Serena for the night. I think I'll stay here today," I bit my lip when I hear him sigh.
"Just text my mum and I'll be on my way," I sigh thankfully but he talks again "About this friend Dylan. I've never heard about him."
"Yea, we're not friends from too long ago. In fact, it's just that we met like one week ago and he had some problems and he needs support. I'm here to give that... Support," I say and bit my lip. Why would I lie to Kane? This is a first and I feel so bad.