
"Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.'" - Bill Maher
p r o l o g u e: Tell Me It's Too Late Again, And I'll Hit You With a Spoon
I glance around the room and it is quite calm for some odd reason. What is incredibly great since I work in a suicide hotline. Silence means people are not comitting suicide or they are comitting and not calling.
No one was talking. They were all silent, waiting for which phone would break the silence and honestly, from the bottom of my heart I hoped it wasn't mine.
Don't take me the wrong way, I love knowing I can help people from taking their lives but I also feel traumatized when I hear them talk about what they've witnessed or done. It's traumatizing and sometimes, I get speechless what isn't very good because they need reassuring words.
Working in here isn't what I want, I want to be a doctor. Yes, a doctor. A very common dream, yes. But I didn't have the same motive as everyone else.
It seemed like a costume, a curse perhaps. Everyone in my family dies from natural causes, meaning diseases. My dad died from a heart attack, Mum died when she was giving birth to my younger sister, my maternal Grandma died from brain tumor, my Grandpa from my mum's side too, died from a lost bullet. Well, not exactly, he was okay with the bullet until he got an Ashtma attack.
That's how bad everything is in my family. Me and my little sister - Serena - got the Ashtma from our mum, so we don't really practice any sports, avoiding attacks or even death because you never know.
You wonder, with who the hell does this girl live? Yeah, well I live alone, at the age of seventeen, I live alone... Or with my younger sister. We had a guardian but she went once to get groceries and never came back. The police considered it as kidnapping but never did anything, in fact, they said it was a cold case and that they would give me and my sister to Foster Care.
And they almost did it, but I - with some connections - got a fake ID that said I was 18 when I was in fact 16 and got away with it. Well I'm turning 18 in like three months so it isn't a bother anymore.
Friends? I have some, I mean I consider them friends but I don't know if they consider me their friend. I've gotten quite reserved since my parents died, it happened to Serena too. The only person she actually talks abouy is this guy named Elliot. And she says that's just because she hates him.
The silence is finally broke when someone's phone's rings. Of course we don't see everyone so we just guess when they say 'Hello'. It rings for more five seconds and no one picks it up still, that's when I realize it is my phone ringing. I gulp and sigh before picking it up.
"It's too late," The voice on the other side says, panting and I cover my other ear when people start muttering among them.
"What? Hey, calm down, okay? Calm down and tell me what's wrong. I can..."
"No, you can't. You can't do anything. I've done it by now. It's too late to do anything else," He says again and my eyes widen.
"Tell me where you are, I'll send an ambulance and you're going to get out of this. Tell me your name and address, come on. Please," I say, my voice cracking a little. For some motive, I got scared, and worried at the same time.
It is a male voice and he seems like he's losing air.
"My name's... It's Dylan," He pauses and takes a long breath, hissing on the process.
"Dylan. Dylan, my name's Kiara. Okay? Tell me your address now, I can help you. Just breath in and out, then tell me the address," I say grabbing a paper and a pen, the best I can manage with my left hand, since I write with my right one.