
My vision is blurry from the tears but I brush them away and grip his shirt "Be alive, Come on, don't die on me. Dylan," I say and look around "Someone help me," I shout and one of the guards from the hospital finally notices me.
"Miss, what...."
"I think he's not breathing. Is he dead? I.... I can't lose him!" And for some reason, I was talking the truth. I couldn't have him die on me, not because it would be prejudicial for my files or something, but because I felt like I care deeply for the boy in front of me.
"He's alive-" The guard takes his fingers from his neck and looks at his arms "For now. He can die from blood loss, just manage to park the car. I'll take him inside," I sob even more avoiding parking the car because let's be honest and thank games because without them I'd be six feet down.
"You... Uhm you park the car. I don't think I have enough... Energy to do it," I lie and he nods before putting Dylan's hand over my shoulder with the guard's help. He is still breathing. It's okay. I'm okay. Dylan is okay. We are okay.
For now.
"Someome help me please," I scream as I get into the hospital after giving the guard, the keys and luckily a nurse comes to my rescue, she opens her mouth and I cut her off "Please don't ask me what happened. Just take him."
With some difficulty, she grabs Dylan off of my shoulder and calls someone else - another nurse, a man this time - to help her and they walk off. Before I can avoid it, I'm sobbing and looking at the mess tgat was made of me.
"Miss, hey. Uhm would you... Can you..." A male, very deep voice says and I look up to see him. He has blonde hair and brown eyes, his hair is quite long so it is tied up in a bun. A bun.
"Yea?"
"I just... I'm sorry but you're worrying other patients. You're full of blood and..." I look down at my clothes and yes. I am indeed full of blood.
I sigh before saying "I'm waiting for someone. I'm not hurt, I just brought someone."
He nods "What about we get some coffee while you wait. It helps me calm down sometimes," I shake my head almost too quick.
"I don't drink coffee, thanks. Oh, excuse me," I say wiping my cheeks again and walking over the nurse who took Dylan "Is he okay?"
"I don't know, honey. I'm sorry. The doctor said he didn't need anyone to do something, so he's there alone with your friend. I'm sorry for what happened," She says honestly and I nod managing to control the tears in.
"But it's alright? He's alright, right? If the doctor doesn't need anyone, it means he doesn't have a death risk," She pats my shoulder and looks at me as sympathetically she can.
"I don't know, honey," Damn you for not knowing anything. What the hel- "I'm sorry but I'll have to ask you some questions now, about your friend."
I nod "Okay."
She guides me to the balcony where patients check in and then I feel a presence beside me "Doctor June," The guy from earlier sticks out his hand and I look at mine which is bloody and shake my head "Just go ahead. I'll be here," He directs to the nurse this time and she nods.
"What're your and his name?"
"Kiara and Dylan, respectively."
"Dylan? Dylan what?"
"I... I don't know," I say honestly. He never mentioned that before, he didn't say anything about that.
Her eyebrows furrow "You don't know?"