
Italy
I wrapped the bandages around my chest and put my blue military suit on for today's training.
Sighing, I ran outside to were Germany and Japan were already doing push-ups.
"Vee~DOITSU!!!! JAPAN!!! Ciao!!!"I yelled in the most male voice I could do.
They stopped what they were doing and turned to face me.
"Guten Tag Italia."
"Konnichiwa."
"Italia 20 push ups. Zhen ve are doing laps."
I frowned. I could easily do this but.... I displayed myself as a lazy man. Soooooo....
"But Doitsu! Im visiting fratello today!" I whinned.
"No buts Italia! And you can visit your bruder later."
I sighed and did 5 lazy push ups before complaining again. After getting in an arguement with Doitsu, he sighed and said,"Just do the laps then. Ve'll catch up vhen ve are done here."
"Yay!!! Gracie Germania!" I ran to him and hugged him. His cheeks tainted red as I pulled away and started my laps.
Doitsu looked so cute...
After I was sure that I was far from their sight, I skipped training and went to fratello's.
Romano
Spain the bastard called me into his room while I was eating tomatoes and watching football.
This had better be goo-
"So, mi tomate, what do you think?" Spain said as he twirled around in a new pair of skinny jeans.
Honestly, they complimented his perfect ass nicely, but like hell I would say that outloud!
I blushed and looked away."Why are you wearimg skinny jeans bastardo?!"
"Oh Roma so you don't like them?" he said pouting.
I blushed more as I said,"No. Those jeans look fine."
"Yay! You know Roma, wanna try and take them off? Their quite tight you know...I might need help~"
I blushed even harder when Spain got closer to my face and kissed my cheek.
He hugged me and I couldn't help but hug back.
Then I felt a squeeze near my rear and I pushed the tomato bastard away.
"What's wrong with you!?" I yelled.
Spain laughed and forcefully hugged me as I tried to escape.
"You know what's wrong Roma~"
He blew on my ear and laughed a little as he tugged my curl.
Blushing, I moaned and stopped struggling in Spain's grip.
Two seconds later, I realised what I did and yelled out.
Spain silenced me by kissing my lips. At first I struggled to get away, but then gave into the kiss.
I tangled my hand in his messy mop of curly brown hair and pushed him closer to me.
He licked the bottom of my lip asking for entrance, but I was feeling brave and refused to open my mouth. He pulled my curl making me moan and he took the opertunity and we started french kissing before I pushed him into the bed.
Pulling away to breath, I laughed a little and looked at Spain's glowing green eyes.