
Ryan's POV
Bright lights danced all around me. My arms reached towards the stars in the sky along with the hundreds of arms reaching towards those same stars in that same sky from every direction.
Not once in my life had joy so filled every part of me like it did that night.
"One... Twenty One Guns... lay down your arms... give up the fight..."
Sang the voice of my hero, less than ten feet from where I stood.
"One... Twenty One Guns... throw up your arms... into the sky..."
Tears were brought to my eyes at the sight and sound of nothing less than a claim to joy, and a rejoicement of togetherness for the lost and the defeated. I was where I belonged. And with who I belonged with.
Turning to my side, I saw him. Smiling wider than I had ever seen.
"Brendon... I can't believe you did this..."
I yelled over the music.
"What??"
He shouted.
I just shook my head and hugged him as tight as I could for probably the hundredth time that day.
"Thank you."
I said right into his ear.
He just smiled at me.
Soon enough, the last song ended. My face was still lit up and grinning.
"Unfortunately... it's time for us to head out now... but I want one of you awesome kids to go home with something to remember this night by..."
The speed of my heart picked up.
"My favorite scarf... I made when I was eight... and I've kept it through all these years because I'm just that sentimental..."
He pulled out a colorful knit scarf of many bright colors and swung it in the air.
"I want one of you guys to have the joy this stupid thing gave me all those years to be passed on to you. It'll be a reminder that no matter how long it's been... there's always something or someone that'll be right there for you."
With a soft toss, the bundled up scarf went flying off the stage and into the crowd. As if in slow motion, it tumbled through the air and ever so lightly graced his fingertips, but it wasn't to escape the quick clenching of his fist.
Brendon brought the scarf down to his chest with a look of disbelief frozen on his face.
He turned to me, both our jaws dropped to the floor.
Then, after a long moment of shocked silence, he smirked and moved toward me. Wrapping the soft yarn gently around my neck, he spoke just loudly enough for me to hear.
"Happy birthday, Ry."
I was still too stunned to speak.
"You see? I don't even have to tell you how music is always going to be there for you, kid. Because that boy next to you is. I can tell."
Spoke my hero, right to my face.
He approached the edge of the stage and knelt down to my level.
"You're never going to be alone, kid. Remember that."
Tears already streaming down my cheeks, I nodded.