
Day: one
Task: find a cure for Flyer
Info: none
Time remaining: Who knows
Tia, 16, haden't slept in days, hasn't had a cup of coffee for months, after Flyer was made into a weapon, drinks that were not bottled, were prohibited. She sat at her computer, researching the virus, but could only find the name of the damn thing, and the approximate time it was released. Joesph,18, had lost his mother to Flyer just a week ago, and it killed him to know he was immune, that it would never harm him, and he would have to watch his father, and two little sisters die from it if they didn't find a cure soon, and no one knows if they are even infected, and how much longer they have.
"Jo-Jo, do you think we'll ever find a cure?" Tia's voice begging for sleep, or a frappachino.
"i hope so. i lost my mom to this crap, i don't want to lose the rest of my family." Joesph sounded as if he were about to or has been crying.
They looked like they could be twins, bright blonde hair, dark green eyes, same smile, same bouncy tight curls, so many similarities, yet so different. Tia was born in the south, was the "prefect" country girl, from the accent, to the outfits, to the hobbies. Joesph was raised farther north, in NewYork City, one of the most "true" New Yorkers you'd ever meet, from the accent, to the love for thin crust pizza, to the love of the Yankees. No one ever was rude to him, as long as he wasn't talking about baseball to a Mets fan. Tia however, had it rough. her dad died when she was 4, and her mom married a guy who hit her. But Tia never fought back, because if she yelled or hit back, her stepfather would hit her younger brother, Justin, who was the second youngest in the group, at 14. Kasslynn was the oldest in the group at 19, and she was always the quiet one, until she was made leader, then she told everyone what to do. no one understood her, you could never tell if she was joking or serious, happy or angry. Andrew, 15, was good with computers. he helped a great deal. He works night to day hacking into government software finding information on Flyer. You could say he did half the work, to finding the cure. The more info they had on the virus, the closer they got to a cure. Jordie, 10, was the science fanatic. Even at her young age, Jordie had won 7 science fairs, and had made and sold 4 inventions. She was the one who mixed chemicals and did the calculations for the cure. She was the only one you could trust with any of the lab equipment.
"Guys! I found something!!!!!!!" if Andrew's face turns red when he yells, you know its important, "The Flyer is transmitted through water, and physical contact!"
At that news, Jordie dropped the apple she was eating and ran to her lab, this news was big help, because she knew what chemicals and medicines could slow down the process of which the virus takes affect. In 15 minutes, she came back with a small vial of blue-green-gray liquid, and a syringe. The group of teens even had some Flyer sealed away, and used it for testing. Several people, about 20, had volenterred to help with reaserch for a cure, as gunuie pigs, and most of them new they could end up dead by doing this. Jordie and Kasslynn went to the holding lab, where they kept their test subjects.
They tested some theories they had. Kasslynn injected one of the subjects with the serum and then brushed a powder form of the virus on him.
"If this doesnt work you'll be dead at the end if the week, so, sorry, but atleast you could be with your family..." Jordie looked at the man with a sad expression.
As the two girls walked away, Jordie checked her watch and yawned. It was almost 11:50 pm, and everyone was tired.
"Kasslynn, can we sleep now? I haven't slept in days and poor Jordie is only 10, a growing child, she needs sleep, we all do....." Tia rubbed her eyes, and played with the coffee cup charm on her bracelet, "we camt drink coffee anymore so sleep is the best form of energy...."
"Ugh, fine, but if half the world dies tonight because we werent looking for a cure, it's y'all bitches fault......." Kasslynn grunted and went to her room.
Soon everyone was in bed and asleep, and when they wake up, it will be another long hard day of finding almost nothing.