
"Eren why don't you come up and play a piece"she said gesturing to the cases of instruments.
I got up from my seat and walked over to all the black cases. I looked through them and found the flute I always played. I opened it carefully and felt the cold metal. I walked to the front of the room and sat down on a chair we sit on to play are instruments.
"What piece will you be playing for us Eren?"she asked.
"I looked to the front of the room a bit nervously and said.
"I will be playing Rues Lullaby."I said.
"Oh that songs beautiful!"she said and gestured me to play.
I brought the instrument up to my lips and took a deep breath and closed my eyes.....I then started to play smoothly caching every note by heart.
(Play The Music!)
Once I finished I opened my eyes and saw that Hanji was crying and so was Armin.
"That was a beautiful piece Eren......very....very beautiful" she said wiping some tears out of her eyes.
"Thank you......but I'm not really pro"I said and herd a loud laugh cone from Jean.
"No duh! That music sounded like a drepresing love story! Oh like yours!"He said earning a few laughs from the other students. I looked down from embarrassment.
"Jean you have two days detention. Not such a good start on the year don't you think?"Miss.Ral said with a smirk.
I walked back to the case and placed the flute in. I went back to my seat and sat down next to Armin who was whiping tears out of his eyes.
Once class was over I headed down the hall and to my looker. I had Math which I hate but am good at. I opened my locker and got my stuff then closed it. Onced I turned around Jean was standing behind me.
"Well if it isn't little Jeager. That music you played was 'soooo beautiful' I almosted cried like your gay little friend"he said sarcasticly with a grin. I sighed and looked down.
"So let me guess you want me to be your punching doll or you want money?"I said.
"Maybe I want some of of both"he said and pined my against the lockers by the collar. This was always so I wouldn't try to resist or fight back because if I did Jean would punch me so hard I'd throw up blood.
"Now. Give me your money"he said.
"I don't have any"I said and he threw me against the lockers again. I winced in pain and he punched me in the nose making me bleed a bit.
"Its been a while since I got to do this and I tell you I really missed doing this"he said and punched my stomache. I was able to hold back the stomach acid that was trying to escape but he punched my check hard leaving a bruise and knocking the acid out my troat and onto the floor
"Behind the school I will finish you but if your not there"he said and pushed me against the lockers and held me by my shoulders . I think got the message when he did that. He leaed in close by my ear and whispered darkly.
"I will hunt you down and burn your house with you in it then feed your remains to the dogs "he said and I gulped loadly.
"Got it ass whole"he said.
"Yes"I said. He let go of my collar and gave me another punch to the stomach before he left me there.