
(Erens POV)
I woke up from my annoying alarm clock. Today was the first day of my Senior school year and I'll tell you my life has been a total donkey shit on a porn star.
I've been bisexual for five years and thankfully I've been able to keep it a secret from my horrible bully Jean Kristen A.K.A horse face. Hes bullied me since the sixth grade and ever since all hes ever done is beat me up, call me names, and humiliate me. I cut and smoke to relief the pain and suffering from the mis-treatment and pain in my life. I have a journal so I can write out all my life wishes, dreams, the pain I go through, the in imaginable thoughts only a mad man would have of killing others and....him self to put all the pain away and end his life.
My mother died when I was ten from a car crash and my father had abandoned me and my sister Mikasa. He still sends money so we can pay for rent and buy food. Yet my life is still horrid.
I brushed my teeth, put on my long green shirt that covered up my cuts with my jean jacket and my dark blue jeans. I went down stairs to make some breakfast before I left.
I opened my fridge and looked around for a bit until I thought. 'Should I eat anything? I mean Jean will probably punch me so hard in the stomach I'll throw up my food in front of everyone........nahh besides I could starve myself another week or so I guess' I closed the fridge and grabbed my book bag, keys and phone then went out the door.
I walked to school while checking my notifications on my favorite app: Wattpad. I wrote love stories about my favorite anime T.V shows. I had around 700 followers and my username was ChainedHeart
When I saw I had around 40 new votes I turned off my phone and shoved it back into my pocket as I reached my school: Rose Academy.
I walked in, grabbed my schedule and went to my looker. I opened it, placed some of my books in and looked it. I walked around and saw that I had music for first period which is my favorite subject since I'm amazing with the flute. I don't know why but music has always made me happy and makes me forget about the world. I walked in to the class and saw a few familiar faces from last year.
Connie Springer a short yet cool type of guy. Sasha Blouse a food eating machine that destroys what ever you give her to eat. Annie Leaonheart a short yet cold blooded girl with a blank attitude and not such a happy personality. My best friend Armin Arlert who's always been there for me and has always thought me about exploring the world together. And then the one and only Jean Kristen the boy who bullies me, beats me up, a humilates me.
I sighed as I walked in and sat down next to my friend Armin on a empty chair. He looked over to me and smiled brightly with his big blue eyes.
"Eren how was your summer I missed you!"he said said hugging me a so hugged back.
"Armin you live next door and you've been to my house yesterday"I said pulling away.
"I know its just when ever I'm not with a person in a long time I get a little anxious."he said blushing a bit. I chuckled then turned my attention to the teacher in the front addressing the class.
"Attention students I will be your new music teacher for this year, my name is ,Miss. Ral but you can call me Petra if you'd like."She said. She had nice brown honey colored hair with honey eyes and a sweet smile.
"For today's first lesson I want to hear all of you perform a piece of music using your instruments you used last year."she said.
I already knew what song I was going to do: Rues Lullaby. Its my favorite because it so sweet and beautiful. It makes me truly feel safe in my mind and reality.
A few kids had played and I wasn't even paying attention to anything at all. After a few more minutes of not listening or caring I was the last one left to play.