
It was just another miserable day in the orphanage here let me Introduce myself. My name is Kevin, I'm fourteen and I live in this orphanage. I have since I can remember and my hair is brown with a fringe going  to the right, my eyes are brown and I have my ears stretched. I was just scrolling through tumblr when Ms.Sugg walk into my room and said that a couple was coming in an hour. I get up and change into black skinny jeans and blackout vans and my "why are you still here?" T-shirt. I walk down staires with my head down as I stand in line with the other 12 to 15 year olds. I get tapped on the shoulder and look up to Dan and Phil or danisnotonfire and amazingphil. "Can we interview you?" Dan ask with a smile "sure" I say in a small voice trying not to scream from joy and fangirl everywhere, as we walk to the interview room I sit down as Dan and Phil sat down in front on me " okay so favorite color, name,age,and hobbies" Phil says "well, my name is Kevin I'm fourteen I like the color black and blue and I live on social media" I say looking at them with a slight smile. The interview goes on for about half a hour, "okay we will think" Dan says as he winks. 'I knew they didn't want me why would anyone want me' I think to myself, I sit down on a chair in the lobby and hold my head in my hands, I think about life and everything when someone pokes my head, I look up annoyed thinking that its just some random kid but instead I see Dan with a smile on his face "hey Kevin go pack you're things we're adopteding you" I nod and run to my  room and scream in my pillow from being so happy then start packing my things. I get all of my things in my suitcase right as Phil walks through the door "are you ready?" he ask as I nod "okay" he say as we start to walk down the stairs to the door and we walk to the car where Dan is already sat in the driver seat, we get in me in the back and Phil in the passenger seat "so Kevin what do you like to do beside social media?" Phil ask looking at me in the rear view mirror "um...I like to take photos and videos" I say looking at my shoes "that's cool so do you know what me and Dan do?" He says biting his lip, let's see how this goes "um..yeah" I say as I feel my cheeks turned red and heat up "awww Don't be embarrassed its nothing to worry about I'm glad you watch our videos" Dan says while smile at me through the rearview mirror, I smile back and look back down. The car ride to their place is complete silence bit a nice comfortable silence. I just stare out of the car window and watch the world go by all in a big blur with it blending together like melting crayons in a bowl.