
(by the way this is kind of a sequel to Ninja Valentines)
Jay's POV
Valentines day was a week ago and Kai and Lloyd have really hit it off.  Over the past week they have; kissed twice, held hands A LOT,  Lloyds snuggled up to him watching a movie (eww!), and have NOT gone on there first date.  They are WAY too shy around each other to act like a real couple. Scratch that Lloyd is to shy.  Kai can't even walk near the kid without him blushing like crazy. Were in the living room now, all of us, including Coles new girlfriend Skyler.  I told her that that was how they spell it if its a boy.  And thats the story of how I got this black eye!
Anyway Im sitting here with one arm around Nya, Coles arm wrestling with Skyler on the coffee table, Zane and Pixal are watching them and poor Kai is trying to get Lloyd to sit closer to him.  Hes as red as a tomato!
"Lloyd you ok?" Kai asks him.
"Wha! oh umm yeah! Of course, why wouldn't I be?" He replied a little too quickly.
"Ok then." Kai then gave up on Lloyd and went to the kitchen.
I looked over at Cole and Skyler to see they stopped arm wrestling, Cole then got up and followed Kai into the kitchen.
Cole's POV

"Hey Kai? What's up with you and Lloyd? He ok?"
He sighed before answering. "I dont know, he blushing even if I just walk by him.  I can't hold his hand in public and he doesn't even come near me on his own."
"Maybe you should talk to him. Sounds like he's avoiding you for some reason."
"Yeah I guess, I can try if he lets me even get a foot near him without having a nosebleed"
I burst out laughing at that. Soon Kai was laughing too.
Nya's POV
Kai went to the kitchen and Cole followed him.  I hope he talks to him about Lloyd.  Speaking of Lloyd hes just sitting on the couch trying to sink out of sight.
"Lloyd.  What's up with you lately?"
"Wha!? nothings wrong why!?"
"Err are you sure?"
"Positive!" he basically screamed that out.
Kai and Cole then came out of the kitchen.  Cole then came up to me and whispered in my ear so Jay could also hear.
"Sounds good to me!"