
Dang it.  I'm late again for my appointment. That will be two times in one week I'm late.  I'm trying to get me an apartment. My mother all down my back , saying since I graduated , I need to get out and try to make it on my own. I mean I have money.  I was working since I was fifteen. I'm not a broke bitch. I work for what I want.  I don't need a man to support me.  I'm independent. Most chicks my age don't even know the meaning of the word INDEPENDENT. Well anyways I'm 18 years old.  Just finish high school . Finally , I thought I would never made it out.  Being the most popular girl in school , people probably thought I had it good at the crib.  Nope my mother was down my back since I started the 9th grade.  I had friends LOTS of them. Some turned on me , told lies on me , tried to fight me ,  but guess what I still remain popular The black Barbie.
I was just about to enter the building when my cell phone ring. I didn't even looked down to know who it is.
"Yes mom" I said into the phone
"Are you at the place yet ?"
I looked at my phone and rolled my eyes, "yes ma'am I am , about to go inside the building right now".
" Do you see the time? You are late girl . What the hell was you doing?"
"Okay bye mama , I'm walking in the place now." I said then hang up on her.  I know I'm going to hear her mouth later , but oh well I need to handle my business. I walked up to the front desk and gave the lady my name .
" Hi , I'm Princess Wills , I'm here for an appointment with Ms.Sims."  I was trying to sound so professionally with my ghetto ass .
" Hello Miss Wills , apparently she isn't here today. Would you like to schedule for another appointment?"
I just stared at that lady like she was speaking another language. Is she serious right now? It took me dang near 2 freaking hours to get ready for this appointment and that lady wasn't here.  Oh hell no ! That mean I have to hear my mother mouth another week. This some straight BS.
" How about I just call her tomorrow morning , will that be fine?" I said instead.
" Yes ma'am that's fine. You have a nice day."
I walked out that building in tears. I thought I would of have my apartment keys in my hands by now.  Life is a bitch !!!