
She nods, " Oh right! well we were wondering if you wanted to join us for dinner?"
I stare at her silently for a long moment before looking back in my room and then snatched up my phone from my bed and closed the door. " Sure, why not?" I show a small grin.
She smiles warmly and walks with me down the hall towards the elevator, going up to the top floor yet again and walking down the stairs towards the kitchen where everyone was sitting.
" Ah! good, so happy you could join us for this delicious meal!" speaks Rintaro.
I nod and take a seat next to Ema, looking at all the food that was on the plate already, Finally we all started to eat and talk, of course I stared at the foreign food and played with it slightly while my thoughts were elsewhere.
Ukyo notices and watches for a moment before he speaks up, " Do you not care for the food Jun?"
Some voices go silent and I stare at him snapping me out of my thoughts and shook my head, " N-No it's great! sorry...I guess I was just thinking about something too much." I blush slightly from embarrassment before taking a bite and nodding. " Really it's good. I haven't had food this good for a long time..."
Futo leans back in his chair holding a sly grin, " What, didn't your mom ever cook for you?"
" Futo!" Miwa sternly replies.
I stare at him blankly for a moment, still silent while he was confused as to what he did wrong before I shook my head smiling." No....actually she didn't. We always had take out believe it or not." I stare down at the plate a small smile crosses my lips but I held a sad expression before shaking my head.
" You know...I think I've lost my appetite...um...please excuse me." I slide back from the table and swiftly run up the stairs while I could hear Miwa biting off Futo's head with how he shouldn't of said such a thing and how it was rude to say something like that.
By the time I reached my room I quickly changed into my shorts and night shirt which was of my favorite band, Linkin park. Slipping under the covers I lay on my back and sigh softly. Before drifting off into a sleepless night.

