
" This is my oldest son, Masaomi. He's a doctor and lives here with some of the others since Rintaro and myself are away a lot. Next is Ukyo who is a lawyer, Kaname who works as a monk most of the time. Hikaru who is our novelist-"
I stare at the man who had long orange hair and emerald green eyes, he smiled slightly flirtatious towards me, causing me to advert my gaze and blush lightly. It's not like I wasn't used to seeing cross dressers...but really though...he pulled it off rather well.
" - Next we have Tsubaki, Azusa, and Natsume who are my lovely triplets~, Louis who styles the models hair on set, Subaru who is our basketball player in the family, Lori who works with flowers, Yusuke and Ema who are currently attending University which i'm so proud!"
" Mom...." states the redhead flatly.
" Then lastly Futo who is our star Idol and Wataru, my little baby~"
" M-Mom! I'm not a baby anymore!" he wines pouting slightly.
I nod and look to her, " You really do have a....big..wonderful family. It'll take some getting used to."
She nods, " Well let's get you to your room, you must be exhausted from your long flight here."
I nod rubbing the back of my neck before looking to them and waving shyly before following her up the stairs.
Walking towards the elevator with my bags we went down the elevator towards the second floor and walked down the end of the hallway opening the door to reveal the giant room that had it's own bathroom as well inside it.
" Well this is it, everything seems to be here, if you have any questions just ask me!"
She smiles and I nod silently until she takes me into her arms again smiling and hugging me tighter then before, " I-I know it's not what you expected....and I'm sorry that you couldn't be with your dad....but things will get easier you know?" her voice softer towards the end.
Shoot, I didn't want to worry Miwa-san. So quickly I pull on a brave face and smile, " It's fine. Thanks but I'll be okay..."
She stares at me for a moment longer before smiling, " Well I just know they'll like you, especially Ema, I'm sure she'll like having another girl around the house."
After that she closed the door making a soft click enter the room. Sighing softly I lower my aching body on the soft bed. falling back slightly and huffing out some air that I had caught in my chest.
" So this is where I'm staying for now....." Finally after a moment I check my phone and sighed. " Still no call from him."  I leave it on the bed, grabbing some speakers I set it on a reasonable volume which wasn't too loud playing the song Dead to me by Simon Curtis. Swaying and moving my hips to the beat as I started to unpack boxes putting my things away which were mostly books that I bought back in the states. trophies from my dance competitions and medals were placed on the bookshelf I had in there then quickly set up my desk and computer system with ease. By the time I was finished I was hanging up my clothes in the closet when the doorbell to my room ringed.
I jumped from the sudden sound which gave me a mini heart attack until I walked towards it curiously, opening it to see that it was....Ema if I remember right.
" Sorry is my music too loud?" I asked slightly nervous.
She shakes her head putting her hands up in defense, " N-No...I didn't even realize you were playing music.."
I sigh softly, " Oh...okay then what can I do for you?"