
Stepping off the Asian airline, I took in some air to calm my nerves....considering I do fine in planes, this trip was eating at me. I grab my duffle bag that had the logo Aida's on it which I used for dance until I graduated high school. Now I've come to Japan to photograph models, aka lingerie models.
I looked around still holding the clothes I took with me when I left home, and noticed a man who had messy black hair and brown eyes standing with other people holding signs that had names written on them. I mentally scoff when I see my name on the white sign. Jun Carter.
I walk towards him, " Hi I'm Jun Carter." I state sounding unsure.
He eyes me then nods, giving off this ridiculous glow, considering he was good looking for how old he was. He smiled softly and shook my hand before taking my bags and walking out towards a black car. Putting the bags in the trunk I climb into the back seat and he pulls away driving down the freeway.
" So your Maria Carter's daughter! really it's an honour to have you here in Japan!"
I look up at him and nod, " Thanks. But I should be thanking you and Miwa-san for taking me in...I really hope i'm not intruding-"
" Nonsense! your practically family. So don't worry about it." he says softly.
The rest of the car ride was silent until we pulled up in front of a building which looked like an apartment complex. My eyes widen slightly but my actual expression stayed neutral. Stepping out in my black skinny jeans and a simple blue and white sports shirt with black converse shoes.
As I take my duffle bag he grabs the other one and speaks up, " The rest of your things arrived yesterday and they're in your room which I'll show you after you meet with Miwa."
I nod silently as we walk through the gates, there was a huge courtyard which had a giant sakura tree which looked like it had already bloomed. We reach the doors and step in towards the elevator, going on up to the third floor before exiting out. Immediately I could hear the booming voices in the room either arguing, laughing or just talking in general.
I look up at Mr. Hinata who smiles warmly and nods for me to follow leaving my stuff at the top of the steps before walking down the stair case to the living room. I walked down with him, my heart racing as we inched closer and immediately I tried to hide behind Mr. Hinata's back fearing for my very existence. I guess you could say, while I was introverted, I was shy as well.
" Darling~ We're back." he states a little bit loudly.
Miwa smiles and looks around, " Huh? Where's Jun?"
" Jun?" asked some of the guys.
" If it's a guy there's going to be trouble!" stammers one.
" Well don't worry, I'll protect my dear sister from this feign!" states another.
" Boys, it's not a boy it's a girl."
She walks up and pushes Rintaro aside to show me, of course I received silence and stares. Until she smiled and hugged me.
" Oh! how you've grown! you look just like your mother!" she praises.
I blush lightly from the compliment, " T-Thanks Miwa-san."
She turns around and steps forward with me, " Everyone, meet Jun Carter. Jun, meet my children."
I blush lightly trying to avoid contact and swallowing hard, " H-Hello."
They all did their separate thing. Then she nodded and pointed to each one saying their name.