
Alex's P.O.V.
Mum do I have to meet him I whiled like a little girl, yes you do we've been over this a million times my mum yelled from the other side of the house. But what if he doesn't like me, and it's summer break I should be hitting the beach with my mates, I mean he has never seen me before why should he now I said. He wants to meet you and you should be grateful now shut up and get ready for god's sake my mum yelled again.
Fine I said, then I started to muter something about my mum being a bitch. All of a sudden my mum came into my room and slapped me on my cheek. You are grounded for a week I'll show you what a bitch is she said.
Get ready we leave in 5 minutes and with that she left my room. I was already wearing my denim shorts, black OBEY crop top a white cardigan and black high tops.
I put on some foundation on my cheek, applied some mascara, black eye-liner and lipstick. I put on my grey lather gloves and my heart shaped locket that I had received from my half brother when I was five. I got my phone and beats and went downstairs.
My mum looked me up and down and said 'didn't I tell you to get ready?' I am ready I said. You are not leaving this house like that, for god's sake you look like a slut, she spat. Well we are running late so I suggest we leave now I said.
Fine, only because we are running late and unlike you I want to make a good impression she said , we got into the car and I made my way into the front seat but my mum smacked my hand away. I looked up at her and gave her a WTF face ' you are not staying in front looking like that' she yelled.
So I sat at the back, my mum said something about my half brother bring 3 mates of his but that is the last thing I heard cause I put on my beats and let the music flow to my ears, this is gonna be one long summer I thought to myself.
- 2 hours later -
We arrived at the airport and I showed no sighs of moving, my mum yelled at me to get my fat ass up but I just sat there ignoring her, after a few minutes she gave up and left me in the car as she made her way into the airport.
- 10 minutes later -
I was listening to Good Girls by my favourite band on earth 5 SOS!! When I hared the car door open, but I din't look back I just kept looking out of the window, until I heard someone say 'hi I'm Luke' I turned around still looking at my phone 'hi your voice sounds a lot like a guy form this hot band but I don't think you would now them' I said as I looked up to the guy
It only took me a few seconds to realise to whom I was talking to
.......................................