
Well back when people cared, there was this girl, named nevaeh with tons of friends and a great personality she had a great group of friends and a great family. She was always living life to the fullest. Well one day that all changed because of one guy. His name was Jason. He brought out the worst in her. He made her feel the worst. She came to school every other day, but when she did she went with her head down with long sleeves hiding the cuts an bruises. One of her friends reached out one day and took her aside to ask her what has been going on, but she wouldn't say. She just walked away slowly with tears in her eyes knowing that she is losing her friends slowly one by one. She walks to the bus after school dragging her feet with her head down and tears streaming down her face. People walk by bumping into her, she is lost in the crowd of people. Once she gets to her bus she notices her little sister and starts crying more. Nevaeh doesn't get on the bus, she walks to the football field. She sits in the bleachers and watches the players practice. She notices one guy, his name is johnny. She doesn't talk to him but he has seen her alone in the bleachers. After practice she starts to walk home and johnny catches up with her, and he talks with her. He asks why such a sad face and he hugged her and told her to cheer up. She got a little smile but that soon went away. She walked up the sidewalk and her boyfriend drove up and picked her up. She got in the car an he grabbed her hand and asked her to runaway. She looked at him and thought to herself what her sister would do without her..or her mom. She had the closest relationship with her sister. Her sister would be heartbroken. It would rip her apart to lose her sister. Nevaeh thought and thought. She wrote a long letter to each family member telling her how much she loves each one, and what she has done wrong and why she is leaving. When she starts writing the one to her sister she starts crying so much. At this point she can't help the smeared ink. After she finishes writing them, she slips them into envelopes and writes the name to the person it is to. She goes back to her room and packs a suit case. She showers and gets all prettied up. She waits until midnight, knowing her family will be asleep for sure. She sneaks out the front door and  slips the letters into the mailbox for her mom to find the next morning. She wrote a special note  for the boy named johnny. She asks her boyfriend to stop by the school gym so she can pick up a few things. She ran inside when they got there and she found Johnny's locker and slipped the letter in his locker, and prayed for the best. She hurried back out but in the slowest way possible. She got back in the car and her boyfriend was on the phone with what seemed a male voice. Jason her boyfriend, said "yes, on taking her to my old property and I'll do what I promised you" then he hung up. He looked at her an smiled an drove off.
Comment an tell me what you think(: