
Description

THIS IS NOT A HARRY POTTER FANFICTION! It is based off of the idea of Harry Potter.

Also not your average cliché book. This book is about the power of friendship. BUT I mean COME ON even I am a SUCKER for romance so yes do expect it, just not to be the main story line.

Alright guys now that that is clear.

I have in no way perfect spelling so don't even think that I will have this perfect grammar. Oh and also I would really not like hate, so if you do not like this book close it, delete it from your library, and don't recommend it. Simpleeee (:
If you even try to copy this idea i will find you and i will kill you. jk but really no copying!!!

Also be warned there is swearing, so if you don't like that stuff maybe this isn't your book. I'm not sure if i'm going to have mature scenes yet so, sorry xx

Now finally to the actual description:

We've all heard of the prophecy, but the thing is no one knows is who is PART of the prophecy. Only the people who have been chosen know. And even then, they don't know who else is in it.

The annoying kids you will have to deal with:
Alexie: the fun loving daredevil of the group she is adventurous, lovable, and very smart.
Lukas: He is the cocky gamer of the group. He is extremely smart and is a complete playboy.
Andria: Constantly listening to music and is always in sarcastic mode. Don't cross her. She has the best revenges but she is also extremely loyal.
Cole: he is the guy who holds them all together he is sweet, kind, and hilarious.

4 people, the closest friends you can ever find, but what happens when a new addition to their life turns everything around. Can they make it? Will their friendship survive? Most important, will THEY survive?


************
Hey guyssss,
There it is...THE DESCRIPTION YAYYY!
Please leave some comments about how you liked this. Would you read it?
Okay so I just would just like to say thank you so much for reading this it really makes my day(:
Anywayyysss, I love you guys and I hope I update soon, maybe this week.
Just wanna see how much reads this book will get.
xSamx