
"Okay we should go for a walk." Jc said. Kian agreed and I looked around for my stuff. "What are you looking for?" Golden asked me.
"My necklace and bracelet. I don't no where- oh my god I left them in my backpack at school" I said worried.
Kian came over to me and looked at all my stuff on my dresser. "Do you want to go up there. We have time and we can get it?" He asked me. "Can we please. There's a basketball game going on so we can get in."
"Yah can we use your mom's car?" He asked as we all walked out of the room."Yah mom we're taking the car I forgot something at school" I said and threw Kian the keys. "Okay but can Jc drive?" She asked and looked up at me.
"I guess so come on guys." I said worried. As I was putting on my boots Kian grabbed my hand. "It's okay don't worry we're going to get it babe" he said as he smiled at me. "I no there just really special to me." I said and we all walked out the door. I looked over and saw Golden looking at me then he looked away.
I smiled and sat in the back with him as Kian and and Jc sat in the front. "So what's going on at the school?" Golden asked me trying to make conversation.
"There's a basketball game going on. I don't no I don't really go to any of the stuff." "You should there really fun." He said and smiled. "Yah well it's too late now it's the last one." I said not wanting to talk to Golden.
There was silence in the car so I took out my phone and clicked on Kian's contact. I opened my messages and started to text him.
S- This is so awkward. I feel so bad being mean to him😪
K- It's okay baby we will be there soon then we can cuddle the whole time on the plane.
S- Yah that sounds good. I really hope Bobby's not there. I'm really not in the mood to talk to that idiot.
K- Maybe I can beat him up for you babe.
After that I laughed and we arrived at the school. "Okay Jc just pull over right here and we can get in at those doors" I said and pointed to the front doors.
He did what I said and we all unbuckled our seat belts. I got out of the car and started to walk up to the front doors. I opened them and held the door for Kian to grab it.
He grab the door letting himself in then grabbed my hand. We went to the front desk and I saw the football coach TI.
"Hey TI I left something in my locker can I go and get it please?" I asked him. "Yah go threw that way though by the locker rooms the door down there is locked" he said and smiled at me.
"Thank you. We will be done soon. Hey do you no if Bobby is here?" I asked him as I leaned on the counter of the high desk. "Yah he's watching the game. You should be alright maybe you guys should talk" he said and smiled at me.
"No that's alright. Thank you see you in a few" I said. "You too." I looked at all the boys and they were all looking at me for where to go. "Alright let's go" I said. Kian smiled at me and didn't let go of my hand. "I can't wait to go camping with you" he said. "Yah me either."
I looked back at Golden and Jc and smiled. I pulled Kian's hand a little and let go. He smiled at me and kept walking down the hallway. I went over to Golden and Jc standing in the middle of them. "Do you guys no I love you?"
"Of course we do and we love you more" Golden said and pulled me into a side hug. "I don't think it's possible because I love you guys so much" I said as Golden let go of me. Jc grabbed my hand and turned me towards him and I almost fell. "I think we were so lucky to meet you and we will protect you forever" he said. "I love you guys" I said.