
Bobby stuck out his hand and Kian shook it. "Nice to meet you" Kian said. "Same" Bobby said and took away his hand. "Well Kian you meet him didn't you?" I asked trying to remember. "Yah at the hotel" he said and laughed. "Oh yah sorry" I said. "Idiot" Bobby said then smiled.
"Jc and Golden this is Bobby" I said. "Wait I thought you and Golden were dating?" Bobby asked. "We broke up" Golden said and looked down. "Yah" I said. After that was said I turned the knob of the door and it didn't open. "It's locked" I said and looked at the guys.
"I got it I will go to the other one and let you guys in" Bobby said. "Yah oh Bobby-" before I could finish what I was going to say he jumped on the top of the stairs and jumped down to the first floor.
"GOD BOBBY BE CAREFUL!" I screamed and laughed. "Whatever" he said as he voice faded. I looked back at the guys and Kian looked jealous.
"Are you okay?" I asked him. "Yah you guys seem to be getting along good" he said and looked down. "Are you jealous?" I asked and looked at Jc. Jc shook his head and laughed along with Golden.
"Stop you ass hole" Kian said and hit Jc in the arm. "Hey it's okay thats why I love you so much Kian." I said and smiled. "I love you to. I just don't love him taking you from me" he said. "Well he can't because I'm yours" I said with a smile. I was pushed against the wall and he connected his lips on mine.
I heard the door open and ignored it kissing Kian. "Eww gross come on" Bobby said. Kian pulled away from me and took my hand as we walked down the hallway to my locker.
I stopped at my locker and twister the lock to all the numbers. "Today" Jc said. I rolled my eyes and opened it up. I grabbed my backpack and shoved it to Bobby. "What the hell?"
"Hold it please I need to look for my stuff" he signed as I looked threw my backpack. "Oh my god my Chapstick I was looking for this" I said as I was pulling stuff out.
"Oh here it is necklace and bracelet" I said and gripped them in my hand. "Thank god can we go now we need to pick up Charliann and go" Jc said. "Yah we can go. Sorry guys" I said and laughed a little bit.
"Where are you and Charlie going?" Bobby asked me concerned. "Umm to LA where else. Where going to spend time with the guys camping."
"Can I come" he asked me and smiled. "No I want to be far away from you." I said. "Okay whatever. I guess I will see you when you get back" I smiled and hugged him. "Thank you. We need to make plans when I get back" I said and smiled.
"Yah is that okay Kian?" Bobby asked. "Anything to make her happy" he said and pulled me into him."Okay when you get back then have fun camping nice to meet you guys" Bobby said walking away.
"You to" Jc said. He turned around and stuck his tongue out at me then disappeared downstairs. I looked at the guys and Kian pulled me into him. "God I love you" he said. I love you more. Let's go."