
Serena's P.O.V
"You want me to start over with you guys?" I asked Kian looking at him confused. "I talked to your mom and she said that you can come back to California for a while as long as Charliann comes with you."
"What where is all this coming from. Jc and Golden just come here out of nowhere and now your telling me that I'm going back with you guys."
I got up from the floor and so did everyone else. "Babe I no it's confusing but yes."I didn't understand what they were saying but then realized that there trying to make it up to me, and change what happened.
"I will get packed. Kian can you call Charliann and tell her that we will pick her up in a hour?"
"Yah. I will let them help you pack" he said and left the room. When he left I looked at Jc and Golden. "What are you guys trying to do?" I asked angry.
"Prove how sorry we are. You don't no how much it kills me to know that I did that to you Serena. I no that you will never forgive us completely." Jc said.
I shook my head at him and half smiled. "I appreciate what you guys are trying to do. I want to go and have fun with you guys."
Golden smiled at me and looked into my eyes. "We have a lot to catch up on." He said. "Guess so."
I could tell that Jc sensed that I was upset and said "Maybe we should help you pack. Do you have a music channel on your TV?" He asked.
"Yah channel like 500 something rap please Jc." I said and threw him the remote. Jc laughed and turned on the TV and Nancy Grace was on.
There was something and it said California at the bottom. "Hold on Jc I want to see this" I said. He turned it up and we all listened.
"Good evening I'm Nancy Grace this just in a kidnapper in California has just captured a 16 year old girl. The alleged kidnapped is a 26 years old and captures teen girls ages 16-17."
I looked at Jc, he looked at me worried. "The believed kidnapper is high school teacher Nick Bailey who was fired 5 months ago from LakeCourt high school for having sex with a underage student."
I grabbed the remote from Jc and shut the TV off. "It's okay." Golden said and put his hand on my shoulder. "I no I'm just a little worried. But there's kidnappers everywhere there's nowhere to be safe" I said.
I took Golden's hand off of my shoulder and went over to my closet grabbing some shirts. "How long are we going for?" "I thought maybe a week would be good but if you guys want to stay longer maybe a couple extra if it's okay with your mom."
I smiled and put some cloths in my suitcase. I grabbed underwear, bra's, socks and leggings. I also grabbed two of my new cardigans incase it gets cold out. Kian came in the room and I smiled at him. "Ready?" He asked me. "Yah. Is Charliann coming?" I asked in a hoping voice.
"Yah she said her mom and dad said it was okay. We can go to her house anytime." Kian said and smiled at me.
"Thank you" I said and hugged him. He kissed my cheek and I blushed. I went over to Jc and hugged him. "Thank you" I said. "Your welcome."
I looked at Golden and didn't no if I should hug him or not. He walked over to me and pulled me into a hug anyways. "I can't tell you how sorry I am" he said to me. "I no your sorry Golden. I just hope we can all start over and have a good time."
"Of course we can. Flight takes off in about 5 hours so what are we going to do?" He asked me and looked around the room. "We could watch a movie or go for a walk somewhere." I said. I walked to the other side of my room and looked for my bracelet and necklace I always wear.