
He pulled me into a long hug and I heard Kian clear his throat. "Jc you stealing her from me?" He asked and smiled. "Nope she's all yours Kian" he said and let go of me.
A huge smile grew across my face as I grabbed Kian's hand. "Guys we need to hurry up we got to get on the plane" I said and walked down the hallway pass the boys locker room. "Babe the plane ride is going to be long so make sure your phone is charged to listen to music" Kian said.
Before I could say anything back someone ran into me causing Kian to let go of my hand. "I'm so sorry" I said and looked at the guy. He turned around and I rolled my eyes. It was the one and only Bobby.
"Never mind I'm not sorry at all" I said and moved away from him. "Yah whatever who cares" he said and rolled his eyes at me.
I turned around and looked at him again. "Don't say that to me you ass hole! I hate you so much you no how I hate when people say whatever to me!" I yelled at him. The boys came over to me and Bobby rolled his eyes.
"I could care less that you hate when people say whatever to you. Just go talk to Charliann and leave me the hell alone!" He yelled back. "You can't talk to my girlfriend like that" Kian said and stepped in front of me. "It's not worth it Kian" I said and grabbed his arm.
"Just leave I don't want you here after what you said to me" Bobby said and moved closer to me. "I didn't say anything you used me!" "NO I DIDN'T" he yelled.
"LEAVE ME ALONE YOU HURT ME SO MUCH BOBBY I CARED ABOUT YOU!" I screamed. He stopped talking and looked sorry.
"Why would you care about me?" He asked sad. "Because you cared about me. You told me about your past and I told you mine I'm so sorry for caring" I said and turned around walking away. Kian grabbed my hand and gripped it tight.
"Serena I care" Bobby whispered. "Oh okay yah really shows Bobby I told you to text me back if you didn't use me and I didn't get one back!" I yelled turning around facing Bobby.
"Of course I didn't use you! It hurts me that you would fucking think that" he yelled. I kept walking as he caught up to me.
"You didn't?" I asked him confused. "God Serena are you smoking crack? Why would I do that I'm happy to be your friend."
I stopped walking and looked at him. "I'm sorry. I don't do good having friends you no that from Killian" I said and looked down. Kian let go of my hand and let Bobby come closer to me.
"Fuck him if he doesn't want to be your friend. Why do you think I go to you when I need to talk to someone?" He asked me as I looked into his eyes.
"Because you no that I can help" I said and smiled. "That's right. Don't think different" he said. I smiled and pushed him out of my way walking down the hall again. "Your such a jerk" I said and laughed. He hit my arm and rolled his eyes.
"What are you doing here?" Bobby asked me. "I left something in my backpack" I said and seemed to be more calm.
"Let me guess. Is it that bracelet with the heart on it and the necklace that says whatever on it?" he asked me and smirked. A smile grew on my face and I looked down. "How did you no?" I asked him.
"Because the whole time we were talking you didn't grab your necklace; you always do that when your nervous." We all kept walking and turned walking up the stairs.
"God I hate you so much" I said and rolled my eyes. I heard the boys laugh and we stopped at the top of the stairs. "You guys didn't really get a chance to meet. Bobby this is my boyfriend Kian. Kian this is Bobby" I said and smiled.