
It's a normal Friday morning as I walk into school. The popular kids making out and just generally being loud. Most people are talking about what they are doing at the weekend and what parties they are going to. The nerds are rushing to class to get some extra revision done before the start of class. Well I am one of the nerds rushing to class.
When I get to my Math class I take out my books and revise Pythagoras Therum. We are having a test on it today, I mean we learnt it in 7th grade so it should be pretty easy but I want to make sure I get 100%. As the teacher walks in I put away my books ready for the test. The teacher wrote the questions on the black board and we got to work. The test only lasted 10 minuets so for the rest of the lessen Mr Smith marked them. I got 98% which I was kind of disappointed with because I had revised loads.
The rest of the day was okay and by the time I got home, I was so tired I went up to my room and had a Netflix marathon of Gossip Girl, yep I still watch it, I am on season 5 for the 4th time. After about 7 episodes it's 11.30 and I am really tired so I go to sleep.
"Shut up!"
It's 8 am on a Saturday morning and it sounds like there is an earthquake going on next door.
"Oh my god"
I am getting really annoyed now like seriously it's the weekend is an girl not aloud a lie in. I pull on a hoodie and stomp down stairs.
"Morning mom" I call to mom whilst pouring myself some orange juice.
"Morning Lauren, a new family is moving in today all the way from New York." She is pouring pancake mix into the pan, yum, pancakes are my favourites!
"Great that must be what the earthquake was." I muttered.
"What was that, darling?"
"Nothing, don't worry."
"Well okay then. Anyway they seem really nice. There is a really lovely woman called Cary who has just been divorced so wanted to move away, a girl called Maisey who is 2, another girl called Katy who is Jack's age and there is Nathan who is your age and will be in your grade at school. He is starting on Monday."
Well if you were wondering Jack is my brother who is in 8th grade and is really annoying. So at home there is just mom, Jack and me. Dad died of cancer about 4 years ago. It was really hard for us and mom wouldn't do anything for a month and so I had to look after Jack myself and I was only 13 then so it was really hard.
"So Lauren I thought we could drop over and say hi to Cary."
So here we are talking to Cary, well mom talking to Cary with me just standing here awkwardly, yay. Cary is a medium height, slim woman. With sandy brown hair and bright hazel eyes, she is very good looking for her age. Well I'm guessing she must be about 45.
"Lauren!" Mom yells.
"Uh yeah, mom."
"Cary said that she will get Nathan to come down to say hi."
"Yeah, sure, okay mom."
A few minutes later Carly, Maisey, Katy and Nathan walk down the stairs.
Maisey is a small girl about up to my mid-thigh, with mousy brown hair and big, deep blue eyes that are just adorable.
Katy is really tall for her age with long brown hair, bangs and big brown eyes.
Then there is Nathan and oh my god he is one big hunk of man candy. He has dark brown hair tousled effortlessly in the sexiest way humanly possible. He had gorgeous brown eyes that just sucked me in. He is about 6 foot and I could see his abs through his muscle tank. That's the plus side about living in California, it's really hot so there are always topless guys. I know I am supposed to be a nerd but that doesn't mean that I watch Magic I keep for the movie and not a topless Channing Tatum.