
Camden's POV
"Hamilton Nash! Did you just take my phone?" I asked. "Maybe, Maybe not" he said and I jumped on his back and we wrestled to get my phone. "What is going on here?" Hayes said as he came upstairs with a Mountain Dew in his hand. "Well he took my-wait where'd you get that?" I asked him. "From the fridge" he said as he turned and looked downstairs. "Umm go get me one while I get my phone from him." I said. "No you have legs" he said and walked in his room. "Brat" I said. "Thanks for describing yourself but I already knew you were one." Hayes said. "Shut up and go make out with Jordyn" I said. Jordyn is his girlfriend. She's super sweet. Way to sweet for Hayes. I looked back and Nash was laying on the ground laughing with my phone lying in the open. I swiped it up. "I'll take that" I said and we both went and Nash's room to play COD on his Xbox. •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
Okay, now that that is over, let me tell you about me. My name is Camden. Well my real name is River Camden Grier. Like my brothers, I have a unique name and I don't like it so I go by Camden. I'm Nash's twin sister. We don't look exactly alike but we do look a lot alike. We both have the big blue eyes and I have brown hair that goes down to the middle of my back. I have three brother, Will, Nash, and Hayes and I have one half sister, Skylynn. She is the cutest. I have a special bond with all of my siblings but Nash, Nash is truly like my best friend but sometimes he's too protective over me. For example, out of all of his friends I have only met Cameron. I only know Cameron because we grew up together. Nash doesn't want me meeting the rest of the guys because he thinks I'm going to fall in love even though I already have a boyfriend named Collin. Or as I call him, Collin Matthew.••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
|the next day|
"Kids, Cameron is coming over" my mom yelled from downstairs. "And I'm going out so behave and Nash is in charge." she said. "Are you serious" I said as Cam walked in. "Hey Grier" Cam said as he pushed me onto my bed and caused me to spill my drink. He just sat there and laughed. "Seriously Cameron" I said and laughed. "That was my Mountain Dew and you know I'm only allowed to drink one a day because it makes me hyper" I said and playfully hit him. "Sorry" he said. "Hey dude" Nash said as he walked in my room. "Is it hangout in Camden's room day or something" I said and walked downstairs. "Dude what's your problem?" Hayes asked. "Freaking Collin is my problem. He's acting like such a brat today." I said and grabbed my phone. "I'll see you later" I said and left.
Nash's POV
"Camden can I use you charger" I yelled from my room. "Camden?" I asked. "Hey Cam have you seen Camden?" I asked. "No she went downstairs" Cameron said. I went downstairs and only found Hayes. "Hey where's Camden?" I asked. "Where do you think? Collin has been bothering her again." He said as he poured milk in his cereal. "Alright I'll be back." I said and grabbed my stuff.
Whenever someone or something is bothering Camden, she always goes out to the barn and rides our horses. She has a horse to herself, just like the rest of us. My horse is Dallas, Skylynn's is Tex, Hayes's horse is Blaze, Will's horse is Max, and Camden's horse is Buttercup. I got to the barn and got Dallas ready to ride. "You ready boy?" I asked him and we took off to catch up with Camden.
Camden's POV
"Woah girl." I said as I pulled Buttercup back a little. "You smell Dallas don't you?" I asked her as I stroked her mane. "Yeah me too, he stinks." I said as I turned her around only to face Nash and Dallas. "Wanna talk?" Nash asked me as he rode up beside me. "How did you know I was up here?" I asked as we rode beside each other. "I know you like the back of my hand Cam. Your my best friend. And Hayes told me Collin was bothering you again" he said. "Oh yeah" I said. "What's up?" He asked. "He's just acting like the world's biggest brat. He's being rude and we have been fighting more and more lately." I said as I ran my fingers through my hair. "You know I don't like seeing you not happy Cam, and if he's not making you happy..." he said. "Nash I don't know. I don't know if I want to break up with him or not you know. I love him so much." I said as a tear escaped my eye. "Hey don't cry. He's not making you happy and you don't deserve that sis" he said. "Yeah I guess." I said. "I know what will make you happy" he said. "What?" I asked. "How about I let you finally meet the rest of the boys to get your mind off Collin?" He said. "Are you for real?!" I asked. I been waiting for this for forever. "Well I mean mom did say I was in charge. I don't think she would mind some boys coming over" he said and laughed. "Well we better get back then. Race ya to the barn" I said and took off. "Oh your on River!" He yelled from behind me. "Oh shut up Hamilton! Your losing, catch up!"