
~Jakes POV~
I was running though a dark forest and then all of a sudden I banged into someone or something and hit the floor. I woke up then next morning to find a really loud beeping machine and heard crying over the top of the loud beeping sound although the voice sounded very familiar then l realized it was scarlet my Little baby sister I moved my head so she was all I could see and focus on "scarlet" l stuttered "Jake Ur OK finally" she said but I noticed she had tear stains down her face "scarlet why where you crying" I asked "because you weren't waking up and where unconscious Ur heart stopped beating for a few seconds" she cried some more "scar I'm fine really" I lied "OK" she replied. "is CC here" I asked my curiosity getting the best of me "yeah ill go get him" and with that she left. 5 Min's after the door bursts open "CC" I Shout but it turns out to be my father "Son" he spoke up "What, What could u possibly want" I Practically shouted at him after that someone very tall showed up "CC" I called this time I was right it was actually him he ran up to me and we hugged.
~CCs POV~
"CC" scarlet came running up shouting with was good that she was happy so Jake must be awake but I didn't get my hopes up just in case "yea" I replied she came up to me and whispered "hes awake" his dad herd and ran there I ran after him not wanting to know what he would do to Jake last time he was here it didn't go as well.
I was really worried so I tried to stop him from getting there but he was just way to fast for me but still got there first but i wasn't that far behind him. He bursts in and Jake shouts me and then his dad was about to have ago at him but I ran in and hugged Jake and Kinda Kissed him his dad just stood at the door walked in slapped Jake and walked out."Jake are you OK I didn't think obviously but are you OK I'm so sorry" I said getting all worked up he just looked at me like he was about to cry.
~Jakes POV~
"waoh why did you kiss me in front of my dad it doesn't help I'm his son" I said
"I'm sorry Babe"
"you know how he is thought"
"yeah but at least he knows"
"true I love u CC"
"Love you too Jakey"
"do we have school tomorrow?" I asked
"yeah why do you not feel up to it??" CC replied
"yeah but if Ur going ill be there also I wanna see Jinxx,Ashley,Andy,Sammi & Scarlet"
"OK do you want to walk to the bus stop alone or do u wanna walk to the bus stop together"
"together please"
"that's fine what time do u want me to get 7:40"
"yeah OK"
then are lips smashed into each other until we heard the guys and broke because we were going to tell them today but I think me and CC are going to have to rearrange it.
~Andys POV~
We all ran into the room and looked at both CC and Jake they where bright red "um did we miss something" Ashley piped up with "uh uh uh no" CC stuttered "OK" I conveniently said then they both just laughed until Jake's dad walked in saying "can we have a talk Jake" he asked "No" Jake snapped now I felt extremely awkward and left I think we all did.
~Johns POV~
I walked into my sons room to see all of his mates there i asked for a chat they all left "Now you can not ever see CC and in a boyfriend way you can be friends and that is it" I said slightly angry "Dad you cant choose who I go out with" He said getting more and more angry "yes I can I am your father I can tell you exactly what to do" he just layed there with a smug look on his face."Dad can you get CC for me" he pryed "No" I said "Why" He asked "because i said you where not allowed to see him didn't I. I am going to ask them all to leave and say you are getting some rest" I said and walked out whiled i lest him to moan.
"Hi guys Jake has gone to get some rest so could you all please leave" I asked nicely "yeah sure can you call me when he wakes up" we all asked at the same time "yeah of course see you all later" I said and they all waved and left.