
Hey guys! Here's another FNAF story you requested! Enjoy :3~ Freddy Fazbear's is filled with joy and laughter, as the animatronic mascots sing and perform on their stages. The Toy animatronics are spread around in the party rooms, and Roxy (Mangle before she lost most her suit) is performing with Foxy in Pirates Cove.
Roxy had been given a new programme- to interact with the children, and play. Unfortunately, kids theese days cant keep there hands off, so they slowly broke and ripped poor old roxy, until she is just an endoskeleton with a bowtie, a foot, a paw, her Parrot's endoskeleton, and a suit for her head.
A little boy wearing a green top and blue jeans takes her right eye out, holds it above his heaf then exclaims, "best attraction ever!" The guards sigh and look at Roxy, then an idea pops into there head.
"Why not make an attraction to build and put back Roxy?" Mike suggests
"Hm yeah but what should we call her now? i mean, you know what they do at night and, shes a little creepy" Scott (phone guy) asks
"Mangle" Vincent says, then walks off to attend to a child.
They move her to a spare room, call it kids Cove and advertise the new attraction.
~
Vincent checks if anyone's looking, before messing with the facial reconision to the Toy animatronics. They glitch a bit before going back to work. Toy Chica interacts with a boy, until his mother walks over. She looks at the adult, and stares, until the adult backs away and she returns her focus to the little boy with the golden coloured Freddy toy.
Toy Bonnie talks to a child at a birthday party, but then stares at Jeremy as he leads the child back to his mum.
Toy Freddy simply stares at Mike from a doorway near pirate cove, then looks at Jeremy as he walks over to Mike.
~
"Mangle's so ugly! She has no suit and looks like a FREAK! " A girl says just outside the curtain in Kids Cove.
"I know! She's creepy and has two heads" a boy laughs
"Ugly! Ugly! Ugly!"
Jeremy rolls his eyes and walks in to the cove.
Mangle hides behind her curtains as the chikdren insult her. Her ears droop as children outside talk bad about her. Then, something snaps. She growls then emerges from the curtains, and lunges. She misses her target...
Eveything goes silent. Children start screaming and run to there parents; adults rush there children out. Mike rushes over to the victim, and calls an amulance.
"Stay with me. Don't die, Jeremy"