
Hello, this is a dfab reader insert story for Gravity falls. I will up date whenever I can and ideas for monsters are gladly welcomed. While the reader will mainly be shipped with Dipper, Mabel is definately going to be thrown into the mix. But regardless, please enjoy.
Also this first chapter is mostly just to introduce your chacter. The next chapter will pick up the pace.
------
It was all you could do really. You turned 18 over 2 months ago and saved up whatever you could to buy an apartment room to live in for the pass several years. Now with enough saved up, you settled on living in a strange little town called Gravity Falls up in Oregon. From what you read online and in brochures, it was a beautiful and quiet little town with a welcoming, off-beat, community.
You tended to have a bad habit of isolating yourself from others and decided it might be easier to live with a small community that'd probably care for you better than a large and seemingly endless city. So far the bus ride into the town hadn't been too bad. It was a nice and calm compared to the legal and financial hell you'd been in for the past few weeks and you took it as a sign things were going to be easy and peaceful from here on out.
Outside of the bus were thousands of pine trees that must have been a mile high. It was the start of summer and even the air inside the bus felt muggy and humid but it was worth it. You could see wood land creatures fleaing from the speeding vehicle. You stared deeper into the woods, trying to see pass the trees. You squinted your eyes upon seeing a pitch black blur in the woods. But the woods ended before you could get a closer look and what you saw now were small establishments and homes. You had finally arrived to Gravity Falls.
The locals stood out, each one left a strong impression in your mind. A pair of cops that looked like polar oppisites yet seemed to enjoy the other's company, a group of what looked to be college kids enjoying causing some mischief in the parking lot of a diner, and tons of families and teenagers looking to be enjoying the first few days of their summer break. Looking at each citizen closely was how you managed to pass the time before the bus suddenly haulted and threw you forward and nearly out of your seat. Grasping at the bag in your lap, you took one last glance outside and saw your new home. It was a modest looking, two-story building that looked like it used to be a motel.
" We're here little lady. Welcome to your new home in Gravity Falls, Oregon. I hope-" The bus driver paused and shuffled a deck of note cards before speaking again. "-you enjoy your time here." You got up from the hard bus seat, grabbed your back pack, a dufflebag, and a suitcase then left while waving the driver off. You'd been mailed your room key before you left for town and all you needed to do now was drop off a payment and the room was yours.
You immediately found the main office and met the owner. The two of you discussed everything, the rules and Regulations and after filling out a few forms, the second to last room on the far end of the second floor was all yours. Even though feelings of anxiety nipped at the back of your neck, all of that turned into bubbily glee upon seeing your new, bleak and empty apartment room with only the bare necessities. Perfect to decorate and alter however you wished. A single and small bedroom, a living room, an impossibly cramped kitchen, and a living room with nothing but a worn couch that smelled of cheap lemon spray.
You took care of the mediocre work first and emptied your bag of all your belongings. Putting them in their respective spots in the closet, drawers, bathroom cabinets, and a few knickknacks around the living room. The most enjoyable part was seeing your art supplies after they'd been packed away for several weeks. There were tons of places in town that'd be perfect for sketching and painting. By the time you finished organizing everything you noticed it was past lunch time and you were starving. Opening the fridge in the kitchen provided nothing. Not even the basics like milk or bread could be found.