
"Hunter we talked about this..."
"Sorry, forgot the boundaries," I sighed a bit, this happened every time it seemed.
"I know. It's hard for me too; if you weren't always so good at the seducing thing this would be so much easier," She teased lightly to try and cheer me up.
"Yeah it'd also be easier if you weren't such a good kisser," I smiled a bit then it grew to a smirk when she blushed deeply. She just smiled and shook her head,
"Goodnight Hunter."
"Night," I smiled as she leaned up kissing my cheek.
I sighed a bit as she walked away then went back to my friends. The seniors had lit the bonfire so now we were just sitting on the hill as the fire grew higher and higher reflecting out over the water.
"Seriously Woods...what do you see in her? She's such a stick in the mud," Brandon asked after quite a period of silence.
"Maybe that's part of why, ever think of that?" I raised an eyebrow at him but he just laughed.
"Because I know you better; you don't like uptight girls," He responded and I just shrugged,
"Then I don't know, I just like her."
"That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard from you. And I've heard a lot of stupid come out of your mouth," He shoved me jokingly.
"Oh thanks," I rolled my eyes sarcastically.
"But seriously, what are you expecting to get from her? We both know what you want and we know this is an ineffective way to get it. Some commitment to a good girl isn't going to get you any," He said pointedly and I rolled my eyes at him.
"Brandon, for the thousandth time, this one isn't about that," I groaned out tired of repeating myself.
"Sure it-"
"Hey guys! Guess what," TJ said coming up with Ian, who was carrying drinks.
"What?" I asked taking a drink.
"You know how a while ago I told you my parents wanted to adopt a kid?" He asked and we nodded, "Well my parents got cleared, all I know is he's thirteen and could be here any day, maybe even tomorrow."
"That's great!" Ian said excitedly.
"You nervous?" I asked.
"A bit. I mean I'm going to be a big brother, that's a little nerve racking."
"Must be, now you gotta watch your every step Mr. Role Model," Brandon joked a bit.
"I don't have to be a role model just yet."
"Well he could be here tomorrow right? How about one more prank then?" Brandon offered in his odd way of support.
"What did you have in mind?" TJ asked curiously, Brandon just shrugged with a mischievous glint in his eye.
"Something juvenile," He paused with a smile probably for effect and when no one said anything he continued, "I was thinking eggs and TP on that crazy old guy's house who lives in the woods."
"What did the old man ever do to you?" I asked curiously.
"Caught me with Jenny in my car. That insane old man got the deputy to lock me up for a night for public indecency," He said venomously. We all exchanged looks on whether to indulge Brandon in his revenge, eventually we all agreed, "Great, I'll get the supplies meet me at the forest road in a half an hour."