
"Hey Ian," I said and Olette greeted him as well, "What's up?"
"Well we just got the net set up, wanna play some ball?" He asked holding up the volleyball and gesturing to the group behind him. I knew most of them, some of the girls I'd been with, seen some of the guys around, and then one of them was TJ who was a good friend with dark skin and dark grey eyes and of course he had on one of the many snapbacks in his collection, never went anywhere without one.
"I'd love too. Hunter?" Olette looked at me and I smiled with a nod.
"Game on," I said with a smirk then we went over and started to play.
It was fun as we goofed around and played as the sun went down, especially when we just kinda gave up on the rules and just tried to hit it over the net anyway possible.  Bouncing it off our feet, heads, or diving just to keep it up.
"Hunter heads up!" Olette called to me as Ian hit a high ball across from the other side. I scrambled backwards in the sand to get it but the sand shifted under me and I fell on my back in the sand the ball going over my head, "Are you okay?" Olette asked jogging over, I just laughed getting up.
"I'm fine," I smiled at her then turned to get the ball, but someone already had picked it up.
"Nice wipe out Woods," Brandon smirked holding the ball. Brandon was one of my friends since childhood after he'd held back into my class fourth grade class. He was tall with shaggy strawberry blonde hair and brown eyes not to mention the mischievous look that always seemed to be on his impish features.
"Hey, your gig done?" I asked him, smiling a bit as he walked over. He was part of a band, the drummer, that got hired to play the party.
"Yeah, now some girl band is up," He shrugged a bit and looked over my shoulder, "Oh hey Olette, you're still around?" He said not hiding his disdain for my girlfriend. He thought she was way too much of a goodie-goodie and I was wasting my time with her. I was pretty sure he was trying to drive her away, but thankfully she was stubborn.
"Hello Brandon," Olette rolled her eyes sounding exasperated.
"So um...anyways, Brandon you wanna join our game?" I said quickly trying to break the tension.
"Sure, why not. At least till the bonfire starts, you okay with that Little Miss Sunshine?" He asked Olette mockingly but she just shrugged in response as I shot a glare at him.
"I'm leaving so I honestly don't care," Her voice was matter-of-fact as I looked at her stunned.
"Wait you're leaving?"
"It's nearly nine-thirty; I have to catch the train to be home by ten. You knew that," She said apologetically, taking my hand.
"Yeah...I just didn't know what time it was," I smiled a bit at her, "I'll walk you to the station."
"You don't have too. Stay and hang out with your friends," She said, just like every other time, she never wanted to be an inconvenience it made me smile.
"No, I want to, at least up to the boardwalk," I insisted and she reluctantly agreed. I walked over the beach with her to the boardwalk above that lead through the warehouse to the train station.
"So...I'll see you tomorrow?" Olette asked smiling a bit as she held both of my hands.
"Of course you will," I smiled tucking some hair behind her ear causing her to blush with that shy smile that drove me crazy. I leaned in and kissed her (ignoring the distant cat calls), pulling her closer to me. She leaned into me her arms wrapping around my neck as mine rested on her waist. Her fingers found their way into my hair and I fingered the hem of her tank top, she didn't stop me so I slipped my hand under onto the small of her back. I cringed inwardly when I felt her pull away and take my hand off.