
Prologue- Hunter: The Old Life
Thump. Thump.
I could feel the beat of the bass drum deep in my chest from the music as it blared loudly over the beach.
Tonight was the last party before school started for my junior year.  It was a big deal every year, where the everyone came down to the beach to let loose before everyone had to get ready for school on Monday and it was in full swing. The sun was beginning to set into one of those breathtaking sunsets our town was known for and some of the senior kids were setting up the massive bonfire pile that would be lit later on when it got darker.
I was making my way through the crowd to get over to the coolers and grab some drinks; the crowd was much harder to navigate than I thought it would be.
"Sorry. Excuse me. Coming through," I repeated over and over again as I moved around people till someone grabbed my arm forcing me to stop.
"Hey Hunter," A sweet voice said to my left. When I looked I saw it belonged to Nicole a pretty girl I used to have a thing with.
"Hey, long time no see," I shouted a bit over the music.
"Yeah, tell me about it," She stepped closer to me, "Is it true? That rumors that you had one girlfriend all summer?"
"Yeah, and she still is my girlfriend," I said and she looked disappointed giving a rather exaggerated pouting face.
"Darn, so you're really not available?"
"Nope."
"Not even for me?" She asked batting her eyes a few times, I smiled a bit.
"Sorry Nicole, you know it doesn't work like that," I said and she sighed,
"Not for you. I guess I'll let everyone know so you're not interrupted all night," She said halfheartedly.
"Thanks, I appreciate it," I naturally leaned over and kissed her cheek, our eyes locked for a moment before I forced myself to look away, "See ya around," I said quickly then left shaking my head while mentally giving myself a bit of a kick. I had to stop going on autopilot like that, I actually really liked this girl and I didn't want to mess it up.
After grabbing two cokes from the cooler I headed back to the far side of the beach, going around the crowd this time. I couldn't help but smile when I saw my girlfriend, her brown hair caught in a light breeze, when she saw me she smiled back making her green eyes light up.
"What took you so long?" Olette asked teasing me slightly.
"Just a big crowd," I smiled handing her a coke, she laughed lightly at me.
"Told you, I said you should've gone around."
"No need to rub it in."
"Just proves you should listen to me more often," She gave a teasing smirk
"If I always listened to you we would be sitting watching some movie rather than out here having fun at the biggest party of the year."
"Would watching a movie together be so bad?" She asked, I stopped not sure what to say. She always was able to trip me up like that.
"Um...no," I said a little unsure and she shook her head a bit with a smile.
"Hey Hunter!" I turned to see who called me and saw Ian; he was an average joe kind of guy with brown hair and brown eyes, a bit dorky but in a likeable way and he was my cousin. He was a bit sheltered by his mom (my Dad's sister) but I was working on that.