
Alexis's POVI was walking around school like I usually do and as I walked by I could here people whisper about me.."Look at that ugly freak..""Freak!""Stupid retard "I closed my eyes not letting tears fall out when I crashed into a boy....I am so sorry let me get that!!!bye..I said almost walking away but only to be pulled back...I said I was sorry..,I said looking down..He smiled...."It's okay....i just wanted to give you this book you left.left sorry I walked into you...."he said nicely...No it was my fault I was walking like a idiot with my red close...I said then I relized that there was a tear in my eye....I quickly wiped it...."Do you want me to walk you to your next class?.."he asked...No you don't have too.....I said getting my books all together ."But I want to..."he said..I got a little scared this is my first time having a real conversation with a boy and he wasn't saying how weird or ugly I was...Ok...i looked down as he grabbe half of my books..."I'm Daniel..."he said smiling...Oh ...I know....i said smiling with a misunderstanding look in my eyes."What's your name..?"He asked me.A..l...e...x..x. ..i....s..I said ever so quietly.."Alex?"he asked....Oh no Alexis ..but Alex is fine...I said looking down...he was staring at me he didn't look away...He walked straight into a wall.CRASH.!!!Oh my gosh...are you okay?!I asked,,,''Oh yeah....'he looked confused ..You sure ?I asked again..."Yeah I'm fine..."he said smiling ...This is my class I said he handed me my books...A boy walked by and stopped for a few seconds and said "fat ugly weirdo!!!!"he yelled slightlyDaniel glared at him..I looked down and sprinted for my class.....
Daniel POV..
I could see people pointing at her in class and whispering thing while she put her head into her Croat arms on the desk...I walked away....I bet that's why she was  crying when I seem her do they do that to her.....I went to my claclass's he was a nice girl...i wish we could hang out but she would never come to me I would have to find her because she practically doesn't even talk....
After class I sprinted to her class... I got to the door way and she came out slowly she walked pass me then I saw a sigh on her back that said punch and kick!I looked at it.a girl walked bye and punched her in the stomach....I ripped the sigh off he and got on my knees...Are you okay?I asked her."Yeah I'm fine I got to go..."she said getting up and putting her hood onI ran after herHenryCan I walk with you?,I asked.."Know people will expect you to kick , punch or slap me... if you don't it will ruin your cool news or what ever and I don't want to be slapped or punched or any of that crap...."I won't listen to them...please?"Daniel Im going to the bathroom and you cannot come with....."she said smiling a pinch...Ill wait outside the door!I said smiling.."What ever...ease don't tell anyone I'm in there cuz it's happened before...."I looked down the door was always opened so I could see the sinks only...She came out and wiped her tears from her eyes and went to the sink... A girl filled a napkin thing with soap and smashed it on he face...She paused...The girl laughed then walked away she looked in the mirror I coul still see her. she wiped it off with water and a napkin and walked out...You okay.? I asked hehereShe turned around..."Stop.. please just stop... if one of your friend set you up to come up and do something to me or dared you to talk to me just get it over with.,"she said standing infront of me...I'm not.. I swear.."Why do you ate them"Because I want to be friends..."Please..if this is a jok-"It's not a joke I swear give me a chance...."I guess "she said..A boy walked up to me "Are you gonna punch her?!!!.."he asked laughing,No.."Fine I will"he said bending his fist back as she closed her eyes... he quickly pushed it fordwoulds ..I grabbed it..No you wont!I said pushing him back..."What ever! bye bye bi**y !"He laughe and walked away..."Thank you.."she said looking down...You don't need to thank me ...School was over and I started following her to her house..."You know your following me you stalker..."she said sadly...I laughed can I come to your house??! I asked exitedly .."We'll you already more then half way the so I guess."Cool!I said she looked confused.