
(First of all, yes, I know the cover picture is of Homura, for those people who care. For those people who don't care, that's probably because you don't watch Madoka Magica. My recommendation: Watch Madoka Magica.)


Naruto was getting beaten up, Sasuke was staring indifferently out the window, Sakura and the fangirls were the ones beating Naruto up, and the other boys were laughing their asses off.
How did Shadow get in this situation?
Well, she said she was bored. That's what really started the whole thing. Then, of course, Kura, never missing a chance to annoy her, suggested that Shadow go to Konoha. Homura agreed. So that's how she ended up there, in the Konoha Academy, where all Shadow was doing was fantasizing about killing Kura and Homura.
"Hey, Kotone-chan!" Naruto called from the front of the room.
'Fool. He actually believed that Kotone was my name?'
"Yes?" Shadow asked monotone.
"Why are you just staring at your desk?" Naruto demanded.
"Some things in life are just unexplained." Shadow replied, turning away.
Iruka entered the room. "Alright kids, listen up!"
No one 'listened up'. Iruka grew a tick mark.
"ALL OF YOU BRATS, SHUT UP!!!" Everyone stopped talking in sync and turned to look at him. Except for Shadow and Sasuke, because turning to look at a teacher is way too boring. Or something.
"As of today, you are all full-fledged shinobi." Iruka began. Shadow groaned and put her head on the desk. "But you are still genin, the lowest of the low..."
"BORING!" Everyone turned to look at Shadow, who was now sitting with her head resting on one hand. She didn't even look up at them.
"Did you say something, Kotone?" Iruka asked dangerously.
"Yeah, I did." She looked up. "We know this bullshit already. Or at least I do, and I'm not gonna sit around listening to this crap." She stood up and walked out the door.
IN THE HOKAGE TOWER
The Hokage chuckled. "She's got a temper, that's for sure."
"Who's that, Hokage-sama?" Kurenai asked.
"That's Akako Kotone. She arrived a couple days ago, saying that she wanted to be a genin."
BACK AT THE ACADEMY
Everyone sat in shock. No one had ever dared to curse at Iruka before.
Shadow poked her head back into the room. "By the way, if you get in my way... it'll probably be the last thing you ever do." She grinned sadistically and left. Everyone shivered.
"Alright, the teams." Iruka said shakily.
"Really? Teams?" Shadow asked from the back of the room.
"How'd you get there so fast?" Naruto demanded.
"I'm magic." Shadow said coolly.
"Okay, Team 1 is (insert random name here), (insert random name here), and (insert random name here). Team 2 is (insert random name here), (insert random name here), and (insert random name here). Team 3 is (insert random name here), (insert random name here), and (insert random name here). Team 4 is (insert random name here), (insert random name here), and (insert random name here). Team 5 is (insert random name here), (insert random name here), and (insert random name here). Team 6 is (insert random name here), (insert random name here), and (insert random name here). Team 7 is Uzumaki Naruto, Uchiha Sasuke, and Akako Kotone. Tea-"