
A/N
To all of those that read Weird Things and voted: thank you so much for your support. You're amazing and awesome. I know that I say that a lot, but its the pure truth.
Hope you enjoy this book.
Its a werewolf book! ;)
Happy reading! :)
****************
Gabriela'sPOV
*BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP*
I groan and hide myself under my pillow trying to shield my ears and get away from the HORRIFIC noise. I was dreaming that I was in Mac Donald's with Taylor Lautner as Jacob from Twilight and he was about to kiss me! I mean, why does every time that I'm having a good dream, something or someonealways interrupts me when the best part is about to come?! I freaking hate that!
*BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP*
My alarm keeps going and I finally give up. I sit up and slam the off button and finally get rid of the noise. I swear that those things are made to torture people instead of helping us. I'm seriously considering grabbing that torture device, throw it hard against a wall, smash it with a hammer, burn it and finally give it to Steven to blow it up.
Steven is my neighbor and he's a nerd, like a Star Wars nerd and he's my best friend. I know that its one of the classics and one of the most successful movies ever, but c'mon! No matter how much you furrow your eyebrows or how cool the position you're standing in is, the flashlight won't magically levitate towards your hand. I've known him for five years and I'm still trying to get it through that thick head of his, but I still love him though. He's like the brother I never had.
Today is May 29th, that means that I have seven months left until the Infinity Night. The Infinity Night is this event that's celebrated every year where every singleperson between the ages of 18 and 39 go to this mansion to "socialize". After that, is very rare that any of those persons return, unless they come back with someone. I think that its some kind of dating program...
Dad and I live in this community very deep in the woods that could easily be mistake as a small town since we have everything in here like a police station, cinema, a mall and so on. We're descendants of native americans, that's why we're living in this secluded community instead of in a regular neighborhood. At least I got him to let me attend to a regular school where there's a variety of different cultures.
I glances at the alarm clock and it read 6:43am and I have to be at my work at 8:30am. If you were wondering, I work as a secretary for the Wolf Company. They own most of the filming sets in LA and I work in the set A2 which is one of the most rented. My dad was skeptical at first since its so far away from home, but he relaxed a little when he found out that my cousin Frank worked there as well, but as a security guard.
"Ow!!!" I cried in pain as my right feet bumped against the corner of my bedsidetable. I started jumping like a fool on my left leg while picking out my clothes.
"Pink, pink, pink, pink...oh there it is!" I muttered looking for my light pink bra. Itsy first day and my first job, so I can't be late. I hurried to my bathroom with my clothes in hand and took a shower. Once I was fully clothed, I decided to fix my hair into a bun since today was very hot. I'm wearing a light pink button up shirt, black skirt that reaches above my knees and goes all the way up to my waist hugging my curvy figure. Instead of higheels, I'm wearing black flat pumps that have a little pink bow at the top matching my attire. I chose to wear black simple earrings, my five gold and silver rings and my watch. I like rings okay? Don't judge me. Everybody has weird likings. Okay. Now that sounded stupid...