
"Dad! I made coffee!" I announced from the kitchen while sipping on my homamade frapuccino. Starbucks is too expensive, so I learned how to make a few types of coffees thanks to YouTube.
"Okay!" He replied and then I heard the sound of a door being closed shut. I guess that he's showering now...
After I drank my frapuccino, I brushed my teeth, sprayed a little bit of Splash from Victoria Secret, putted on deodorant and did my makeup which consisted on a thin layer of eyeliner, mascara and cherry lip balm. Just as I was opening the door, my dad called out for me.
"Gaby!"
"Yeah?" I asked him confused and he pulled me for a bone crashing hug.
"Daddy. Can't. Breathe." I managed to say. I literally couldn't breathe. This man is way too strong. Finally he let me go, but kept me in place at arms length.
"Sorry baby. I just want you to be careful. I already spoke with Frank and he's going to keep an eye on you. If anything happens, you call him and me and we'll take care of it. Understood?"
"Yeah....I have to go now dad or I'll be late." I mumbled and he sighed.
"Okay. Go now before I lock you in your room." He told me and I giggled. He's so overprotective, but I don't blame him. I'm all he has apart from my uncles and cousins which are all males. You see, I was born dead. My mother didn't took it well and asked for everybody to leave her alone with me in the hospital room. Two hours later I was alive and she was dead. The doctors said that she suffered a heart attack due to the grief and stress. Dad doesn't talk about it, so I had to ask my birth doctor. I don't even know how she looks since dad burned all her pictures and belongings.
I hurried to my black 2010 Camaro and drove off. No, I'm not a spoiled daddy's rich girl. I bought this car myself at a pawn shop for $1,075. At first it was just junk metal, but the engine was intact so with the help of my dad, uncles and cousins, we fixed it-well, they fixed it. They barely let me help since one day I was cleaning a few of the pieces that go around the engine at the garage. The engine was hanging above my head and with the blow of the wind the chain broke and it almost killed me if it weren't for uncle Brad that tackled me out of the way. At least I got to help paint it...
It took me 45 minutes, but I finally made it. I'm now sitting on my desk taking calls, fixing appointments and passing files to the computer. Its a lot for the first day, bit I have to suck it up and do my best. After all, they pay me extremely well, around $2,500 a month.
"Um...excuse me miss?" A deep voice interrupted me from my work. I sighed and looked up at the guy with a small smile.
"Yes? In what can I help you sir?" I asked the guy with blue eyes, tan skin and short spikey dirty blonde hair.
"Will you mind telling me where room 13 is? Is the first time I've come here and I'm completely lost." He asked with a worried look. I smiled knowingly at him and stood up.
"Sure. Follow me please." I instructed him.
"Thank you madam. You just saved me from a lecture from my manager." He thanked me. Hmmm. He has a weird accent. Kind of like Irish mixed with British. For some people is hard to tell, but I watch a lot of British films, so o know the difference.
"Manager? Are you a singer?" I asked him.
"Yeah. I'm in a band, but this is our last year." He told me with a frown.
"What happened?" I dared to ask him.
"Um...one if our members quit the band to go live with his m-girlfriend, so that led to a lot of chaos and the termination of our contract with the company."