
Mjs makeup girl part 1! Listen to he music given to enjoy the story more!And the music she was hearing is the song {up there}.

Aurthor:Shanaa woke up to Deena listening to a song, shanaa never heard a voice so beautiful a voice so strong and amazing....
She listend to the music she realized it was thursday and instantly looked at the time.

She jumped up out of her bed and got in the shower.
When she was done she walked in her room with a towl around her she went to fix hair , she then combed it and dried it finally she straighten it.

She flew to her closet and put on a red long sleeve silk shirt then she put on dark jeans and red and black Flats. When she did a mirror check she looked and said

"Lookin good..."
She said while pulling her phone out her purse.when she grabed her phone she looked at the time and said

"wow an hour early , I can run and get breakfast!" When she said bye to Deena she walked out of the house to her car and drove off.

NOW as the author| narrator let me tell you whats happening about now. B A few months ago shanaa applied to a job wear she did someones make up ( by "Someone"
I mean a famous singer;) ). And she got the job!! When she arrived to the location the entrance said 'Neverland' Shanaa was very very suprised as it buzzed and a manask for her name.

"Um.... my name us shanaa davis, im supposes to be working here according to the location." Then the gates opens 1.05 seconds later.
As shanaa drove throgh she then saw the zoo, amusement park, rises and was in awe, and 4 large men welcolmed her as she parked and got out of her car.
And smiled at the man and went to her trunk to get the latest make sets from ever single state country city ect.


Then as she was attempting the 100 pound sets out the body guards so her struggle and went to help her she smiled and said "Thank you uhh-" "Bill and wayne thats boss man of the guards then its Mich-"
Bill said and wayne cut him off and looked at him like he was saying something that shanaas face to read.
So with that she walked in and instantly
froze when she saw a slim tall man light skinned and curly hair shoilder length and as she went down he was wearing a shirt with a white V neck and black high waterswhite socks with black shoes. She might have a crush


He also did the same and smiled at the sight of her and the makeup stuff she brought. Shanaa thought to her self How she has never seen a man so beautiful.
He went closer to her and she did the same they were about 19 incheas away before he put out his hand and said " Im michael, Michael JACKSON and you are?" He said


witha grin shanaa was wondering why he said it like she knew him but she smiled and said " Nice to Meet you Michael, I am Shanaa Davis." Michael stood there thinking does she know who I am? So she then asked.