
This is a new story of mine :)
I hope you enjoy it.
~
It'd been a decade.
Ten years, ten years of living in complete fear.
Ten years since it had started.
I hated living like this, having to avoid going to the places I'd previously loved, and visited on a regular basis. But there was no stopping it.
The awful disease that had killed almost five million people in the first year it'd broke out. The number of deaths were rising every day, and there was no stopping the pandemic, it had taken over our lives, there were barely any survivors. Humankind was practically on the brink of extinction.
Before we knew it, it'd gotten out of control, it'd spread everywhere. Not just England, but everywhere.
The whole world had been infected.
Nowhere was safe, we had to wear special clothing and gloves whenever we went out, and masks. Which, by the way, were extremely hot and annoying in summer.
We could only go out if it was necessary, my little sister and I hadn't been to school for years. I wasn't even allowed to talk to my best friend.
I turned on the radio, and the latest report came through. I'd grown used to the robotic sound of the reporter - the reporter wasn't a human, it was a robot that was very, very intelligent. No person would dare go near another person, not even if they got paid a million pounds. They wouldn't risk their life. Because of this, all the TV stations had been shut down, and the only thing where we'd get the latest news was through the robot that did the latest reports on the radio.
"In the past week, there have been ninety six thousand, one hundred and fifty three deaths. Scientists have not yet come up with a cure that works, but they are working very hard at finding a cure."
I sighed, it was a wonder I was still alive. The disease was extremely contagious, and considering we couldn't go out a lot, I was the one who would go to the small market to buy some food, and I'd walk around while I was there, looking around the town I used to feel safe in.
The streets weren't ever busy, because most people in our city had been infected. Our city was where it had all started.
Flashback~
"Hurry up, Kayleigh!" My friend, Lottie, called to me.
"Coming!" I giggled, running up to her. We'd just finished school, and Lottie had invited me to tea at her house.
After we had tea, I had to go home, I walked inside my house, and as soon as I stepped through the door, my mum told me to wash my hands. She normally did that, so I didn't think anything of it until later that night I heard my mum talking to my dad, quietly. I had wanted to get a drink, so I'd went to ask mum for one, but I froze when I got to the door.
"There's been an outbreak," She told him.
"It won't be serious, give it a few days and it'll be under control," He told her.
"Ten people have died, already." She sighed. I opened the door a little to see my mum worriedly running her fingers through her hair.
"Exactly, there are sixty four million people in the United Kingdom, they'll get it under control." My dad shrugged.
But the next day, the News announced there had been thirteen thousand, six hundred and ninety eight people infected already. I was really scared, my little sister, Lexi, was too little to understand what was happening. She was three. I was seven.