
"Mummy, what's happening?" I asked her, she sighed.
"There has been a really dangerous illness that is putting people in a very deep sleep, and no one can stop it yet, but don't worry, they will stop the dangerous illness." My mum explained to me.
"Will the illness make me go to sleep?" I asked, my mum shook her head.
"No, darling. But for the time being, you can't go to school, or go out the house. Just for a bit, is that okay?" She asked, I nodded, slowly. Though I wasn't sure I was okay with that. What about all my friends?
"But what about Hollie and Lottie and Sasha? Are they okay?" I asked.
"I'm sure they're fine," My mum reassured me. But there was no way of knowing for sure.
"What about going out to get food and drinks?" I asked. Confused. If nobody could go outside, then how could people get food? Clothing? Shoes? Drinks? The list went on.
"I'll do that, don't worry." My mum told me, tiredly.
"Will the illness make you go to sleep, mummy?" I questioned.
"Not if I'm very careful,"
"I don't want you to go to sleep mummy, I love you."
"I love you too," She told me. Hugging me close.
Flashback End~
I sighed, my dad had died a few months after the outbreak had happened.
I looked in our cupboards for any food, there was hardly any. I'd have to go out to get some food, so I got myself ready, putting on my boots and long coat, and wearing my mask. I put on my gloves, and grabbed two twenty pound notes. Forty quid. With forty pounds I could buy enough food and water that would last at least two weeks.
I walked out, just as snow started to fall onto the ground. In winter, I was glad for my clothing, as it didn't only protect me, but it kept me warm. Although it was a royal pain in summer time.
On my way to the market, I bumped into someone.
"Sorry," I mumbled. The person apologized too, and I carried on walking to the small market. Something about that person was strangely familiar, although I couldn't put my finger on what was familiar about the person. Their voice sounded like a boys voice, although I didn't know who. After all, I hadn't had contact with anyone for ten years.
As I walked more into the street, I pondered more about him. I eventually got to the market.
I bought the stuff I needed, food, drinks, toothpaste, soap, shampoo, etcetera. I handed over my money, and the stall holder carefully put all my stuff into bags. I thanked her when she handed them over, and made my way back home.
"Mum, Lexi, I'm back," I announced, once I was home. Lexi ran out, looking scared, panicked. Fearful.
"Help, Kayleigh!" Lexi cried, I looked at her, confused.
"Mum doesn't feel well!" She cried, I stared at her, she couldn't mean she was ill with it? She couldn't be.
"What?" I asked, scared. I tried convincing myself that mum wasn't really ill - how? Why? She never went outside! She couldn't have gotten sick! The only humans she'd been in contact with were Lexi and I. And if we'd given her the disease, how come we hadn't gotten it ourselves? We couldn't have given it her.