
"She's coughing, coughing up blood!" Lexi told me, my eyes widened. Fear rising inside of me.
"No! Mum!" I shouted.
"Don't go in! It's contagious!" Lexi cried, I shook my head, and ran into my mums room. Stupid move, I know.
"Kayleigh," My mum whispered weakly. I stared at her.
"Don't die!" I yelled, she coughed weakly, coughing up blood. How could that have happened so quickly? My mum had gone from healthy to infected in such a short period of time. It was terrible. It was terrifying. I hadn't been there when my dad had died - he was out, but before he had went out, he had a terrible sore throat and he kept having coughing attacks. However, my mum hadn't shown any of those symptoms.
My mum looked so delicate, so fragile, lying there, on her bed. She had a coughing attack, choking up dark red blood. I stared at her, horrified. She couldn't die.
"You can't die!" I told her, she managed to talk to me, somehow.
"Kayleigh... look after Lexi, please... Your seventeen now, today, right?" She managed to find breath to talk to me. I realized that, indeed, I was seventeen on that day. I'd been so busy, so scared, to even realize it.
"Your such a big girl, now..." My mum whispered. Smiling slightly.
"Don't talk, you can't. Don't strain yourself!" I told her, shaking my head. I was scared. It was obvious she was having trouble breathing.
She coughed up more blood, quite a lot of it, and I heard her breathing slow down, until it stopped completely. I stared at her, I didn't know what to do. It'd all happened so quickly. None of it was wanted, I wished the disease never broke out. Tears threatened to fall from my eyes.
"Mum, don't leave me..." I whispered my voice was wobbling. My vision was misting over from tears. I blinked furiously, wiping my eyes with my sleeve.
I walked out of the room, completely shocked, scared, sad. Lexi looked at me. Fear evident in her eyes.
"She's... She's gone, isn't she?" Lexi whispered, I nodded, slowly. I didn't want to believe it, though. I didn't want to believe the cold, hard truth. Lexi started trembling.
"No!" She shouted, I looked down. Perhaps, perhaps if I hadn't gone out for food, I could've saved her. I could've at least spent more time with her. I felt as if it was all my fault.
I felt tears well up in my eyes, resurfacing. I went into my room, sitting on my bed. I was so sad, I needed some time alone. I allowed the tears to fall, lying back on my bed.
I felt guilty, it was all my fault mum had died. If I hadn't gone out, maybe I'd have been able to help her.
I wasn't an expert, of course I wasn't, but I knew this was spiralling out of control. This whole illness... It had already started spiralling out of control. It had spiralled out of control the first day it attacked humanity.
I had to put a stop to it.
I didn't know how, but I just had to. I sighed. I was used to being independent, I knew I had to. For the sake of everyone, but right at that moment, I wanted nothing more than to go back in time. To when I was so helpless, I wanted my mum to hug me tell me everything would be okay. I didn't want to be the responsible one. I wanted my mum to look after me, I wanted an older sister to care for me like I'd cared for Lexi.
I wanted to go back to being my innocent, helpless self, back before any trouble started.
When I still believed in wishes on shooting stars, when I could laugh with my friends carelessly.