
"Guys this is stupid!" I say as we walk down the sidewalk
"Oh shut up I want Fro yo!" Danny yells pulling me with him.
"It's 2:30. In the afternoon and it's hot. Oh god fine, this isn't stupid come on before we get caught!" I say pushing my Aztec style ray-bans on my nose and sorting out the SnapBack on top of my brown and blue hair.
We walk into The Fro Yo shop, grab our Own, pay and sit down in the corner of the shop at the back away from everyone and away from the window.
You see, being in a famous band, even more famous than one direction, you don't get much privacy out and about. Also it doesn't help when your only 19 and your trying to your life to the limit. In the band you've got me Malina-Rose, 19 and the lead singer and Sometimes I play guitar and Piano. Then the second youngest Kaspar, 20 and Guitar and vocals. Then Danny at the age of 20 who plays Bass and Guitar. The last but not least Jesse, the oldest at 21 who's the drummer. Oh by the way, were Nameless Summer.
"Right so it's Monday, what are we doing for the rest of the week?" Danny asks us taking a spoonful of his plain yogurt with gummy Bears and sour patch kids on top.
"We have nothing on today. Tomorrow we have a surprise apparently, Wednesday we have a photo shoot, Thursday free day, then Friday sound check and concerts. Same with Saturday, Sunday free day until the top 40 interview in the afternoon. " Jesse explains reading off his phone.
"Do you know what the surprise is?" Danny asks him, after he's finished his Fro yo.
"Right how did you finish that in less than 3 minutes!!" I complain to him.
"It's a talent"
"No it's called being a piggy"
"Your being mean to me!"
"Oh stop whining you big baby"
"I love you"p
"Love you too Wombat"
I always say I love you to the guys as there like my family.
When I was 11, my dad died. When I was 12, my mum got re-married to a son of a bitch. When I was 13, me and the boys to move to a care home. When I was 14 I met the boys, 15 started the band, 16 we were discovered at the local bar playing. Then we were signed to Island records. At 18 I became the legal guardian to 3 boys and had just graduated high school, started thinking about Uni and moved into a house with the band and my brothers. And here I am now. Just picking my 3 brothers up from school. The youngest is Jayden aka JJ, he's 6. Then We have Lucas aka Luke, he's 15. And then Jason aka Jase who's 17 and just got accepted into UCLA majoring in Teaching and English.
"Get in losers were going shopping!" I yell at the boys as they say hey and hop in the back and front. I then start driving to Walmart to get food.
"Did you just quite Mean Girls?" Luke laughs at me
"Clever boy young one" I reply
" so what's Ya schedule for the week?" Jase asks
"Surprise tomorrow, Wednesday photoshoot, Thursday free day, FRIDAY sound check and concert, same Saturday and Sunday free day then interview in the evening." I reply as we park up and get out. I put on my sunglasses and hold JJ's hand as we walk inside.
"So what are you planning on doing on Thursday" Jase asks once again, I let Luke go off and look at the game and book section, while Jase, Jj and I go off and get the groceries.
" I was going to see if I could take you boys to a theme park or somthing, unless you want to stay in school" I explain grabbing some lucky charms off the shelve.
"I say hell yeah," Jase says "Let me go off and tell Luke" he walks off to find his younger brother.
"Yes please sis" JJ replys as we carry on.
The schools understand that because I'm in a huge band and I'm hardly home, I'm aloud to take the boys out of school whenever I have free days and there at school.
After I give the boys there dinner and Danny, Kasper and Jesse sit int he garden talking with there beer. I head up to bed wondering what the surprise is and whoever I will like it or not.
Little did I know that it would change my life that little surprise.