
-Hi ppl plz write the paring and thanks, and I'm also skipping the Kyuubi attack because we all know what happens if u don't then u should watch it.-😇 hope u enjoy‼️🙏🏻
No ones P.O.V
It was a warm and cosy night and everyone was home asleep. Well not everyone. "Get back here you demon!" Came from a huge crowd. While a 2 year old Naruto was running as fast as his little legs can carry him, but when he turned right the ally was blocked. 'What the...... But ...... This use to be opened what happened?' "We got you now you demon. You are going to pay for what you have done." Said a obese man carrying a wooden stick. Naruto started to tremble "Please Leave me alone! I don't know what your talking about! And I'm not a demon!" He yelled. "You little peace on Sh*t who the f**k said you can f**kin talk you son of a b***h!" Yelled the same man who was carrying the wooden stick. Then people started to yell and beating him up, and cutting him, while Naruto was screaming bloody murder. 'Dog-nii where are you?!'
..............................somewhere else on the roof tops...........................
???? P.O.V
As I quickly try to get to the Hokage tower I stopped immediately when I herd Naruto screaming bloody murder and my blood stopped and turned to were Naruto was and started to run faster then I could ever imagine. My blood turned cold at what I see a ninja one of my own just slit throat and then my mind went blank the next thing I know he was dead and the other people was trapped by the mud walls I put up. "Cat, weasel, and snake! Watch over them and do not I repeat DO NOT let them escape if I find out one of them escapes then there will be hell to pay DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?!" I yelled "Yes captain!" They yelled back, and with that I went and picked up Naruto and quickly ran to the Hospital and again I had to threaten them again and they quickly left with him while I was waiting the third Hokage came rushing over to me and I quickly stood up and bowed. "Report Inu." He said. "My team and I are on our way to report to you, but we stopped immediately stopped when we herd Uzumaki-San screaming, and when we got to him a fella shinobi just slit his throat I killed him immediately and trapped the others with mud wall and this time no one escape and hopefully my team didn't let anyone escape while I was bringing Uzumaki-San."
The Hokages face became dark.
"Good job Inu. I'll deal with them later."
"Hai Hokage sama." I said.
Which that Hokage sama sat down and I stand beside him and waited.
....................................................With Naruto..................................................
Naruto P.O.V
-Drip drop, drip drop- I groaned 'where am I? Am I dead.'
Slowly I opened my eyes and I see I'm in the sewers 'Really? The sewers great.' I slowly got up and started to walk aimlessly until I heard people talking. "well Kyuubi deal or no deal?" said a voice as I slowly walk toward the voices 'You got yourself a deal.' I heard the second voice which was much deeper then the first one. When I got close enough I see a Blond haired guy that also looks a lot like the 4th Hokage. "Well, look who's here. Naruto it's nice to see you again how are you?" Ask the 4ths copy "........Who are you?" I ask quietly, but before he could answer the second voice said 'Before he answers that you should tell him who you are and kit you should tell him what the villagers have done to you.' Said a guy who has long red hair and six whiskers on his face just like mine but his was thicker and longer, and he was wearing a short sleeve turtle neck blood red shirt and black shorts, and shinobi pants (Like sasuke shirt but blood red and also the pants but black).