
''_-___-san?W-why did you stop?'' Kuroko's voice begged.You just turned your back to him and walked to the bed.You pulled all of your clothes off as Kuroko watched with an intense stare.Just by looking at you,he got harder.You spread your legs open and tightly gripped the sheets.
''Kuroko-kun...P-please...'' You begged as you saw him just standing there.Kuroko nodded and began to undress himself.He only left his boxers on when he got on top of you.He kissed you before he pulled his underwear off.You gasped at the size of him.Kuroko quickly pulled away from embarrassment.
''W-wow...Kuro-kun...'' You smiled at him before wrapped your arms around his back.Kuroko relaxed and positioned himself on you.The tip started to come in and you tightly shut your eyes to conceal the pain.
After his length was fully in you,Kuroko started to slowly thrust in and out of you,moaning every time.To hear his moan was enough for you to bear the pain.If Kuroko loved it,you wouldn't mind anything to do about it.
Kuroko looked at your reaction and quickly stopped.You opened your eyes and looked at him with a questioning manner.
''_-___-chan...Are you crying?'' He asked.You quickly touched your cheek to feel something wet.You mentally growled at yourself for being so weak.Kuroko was about to pull away,but you pushed back into his length,making him gasp and shut his eyes tightly.
''_-___!'' You grabbed his shoulders and slammed him on the bed,so you could be on top.
''I'd do anything for you,Kuroko-kun...'' You gave him a kiss on the lips before started to roll your hips at a slow pace.Kuroko threw his head back as your hips started moving faster.
''Kuroko-kun...You feel so good!'' Kuroko heard her moan out.He looked at her with one of his eyes tightly closed.He slammed his hands on the sheets and kept moaning.
''Aah!Keep going...D-Don't stop!'' You slammed into him more faster.Your moans rolled around in the air.You scratched his chest as you kept your pace going.
''S-slow down...'' Kuroko gasped out as you went into an inhuman pace.You shook your head before throwing your head back in pleasure.Kuroko pushed into you to reach his end faster.You both moaned in pleasure.
After some thrusts,his hot semen filled you.You were surprised by how much cum he had in himself,but pushed it aside for now.
''Kuroko-kun...'' You moaned before falling on him in fatigue.You were about to fall asleep until something pushed in you again.It didn't hurt like before,the pleasure came faster.You pulled away to take a look at Kuroko.He didn't look exhausted at all.He was ready to do it again.
''Kuroko-kun?'' You asked as he tried to push it in you again.
''I w-want more,__-__-san.'' He pleaded as he got on top of you.You wanted to just rest right now,but seeing his needy face,you sighed in defeat.Kuroko did a small smile before putting your legs on his shoulders.You blushed again before nodding for him to do it.He rolled his hips in you without a second thought.You cried out his name again,but he just continued to thrust his hips.
''I love this more than vanilla...'' He whispered before grabbing your breasts.He started to twirl them around,making you bite your lip,so he wouldn't hear you moan.After his tries,he stopped and just looked at you with a half frown and half angry face.You started to get kinda concerned.You never saw him angry and you never wanted to.His personality is usually so calm and careless.You shut your eyes tightly,too afraid to see him angry.He wasn't angry at you,he was angry at himself because he couldn't even make you moan like he does to you.
''Moan for me,don't hold back!'' This was enough for you to start screaming his name as he began to pound into you really hard.Your vision started to fade away into blackness as you finally came on him.Your whole body twitched in pleasure.Kuroko looked at your form and a satisfied smile formed on his face.