
After seconds you pulled away and quickly looked at him.He's still sleeping.Your blush reddened as you got up.Your socks didn't make any sound as you stepped in front of Kuroko.You gently took his head and turned it away from the desk,so he was leaning against the wall.After you made sure he didn't wake up you slowly sat in his lap with your legs spread out,so they could hang on the chair.
You waited a couple of minutes before wrapping your hands on his shoulders.You closed your eyes once again and inched closer to his lips.One more peck wouldn't hurt,right?You kissed him again,but this time you turned your head to the side so you could deepen it.
This was like heaven right now for you.Kissing your crush like this,really made you happy.
You pulled away to look at him again.Still sleeping.You smiled and put your finger under his chin.You pulled it down and his mouth opened a little.You mentally cheered and kissed him again,but this time you used your tongue.Your tongue gently brushed over his lips.The smell of vanilla hit you because of his breath.
''...___-san...Don't stop...'' His mumbled in his sleep,which made you blush and pull away.
''Kuroko-kun...The things you dream about...'' You turned to the other side and blushed.After seconds,he started to breath heavily.You turned to him in worry,but it faded away when you felt something poking your thigh.You quickly put a hand to your mouth to muffle you squeal.He was thinking about doing it with you?
After a while he calmed his breathing,but his buddy was still poking you.You wanted to moan at the touch,but seeing the situation you are in,stopped.You got back to kissing him.This time you were hungry for his lips.They felt so good and delicious that you couldn't control yourself.Your wet,hot muscle explored his mouth before playing with his tongue.
You couldn't control yourself anymore.You pulled away and quietly untied your tie and unbuttoned your school white shirt.You didn't feel the need to unclasp your bra so you left it on.You pressed you body against his and ran your hand around his chest.His abs,his biceps,everything he had was perfect.
After you had enough of his mouth,you went to his neck.You took a deep breath before trying to find his sweet spot.You knew it would be hard because he was asleep,but you didn't care.You ran your lips everywhere.You left hickeys on his neck,where he couldn't cover it with clothes.
You wiggled in his lap,so you could move his buddy right on your lips.You let out a moan by accident.You froze when you heard a yawn come from his lips.You wanted to quickly escape,but it was no use right now.
Kuroko slowly opened his eyes with a heavy blush on his face.He just dreamed about you and him doing the dirty.He couldn't believe himself.It was so out of character for him to dream something like that.Something tried to wiggle free,which made him quickly moan because of his erection.He quickly looked down to see you in his lap,looking like a heavy mess.Your hair was messy,looking quite wild and sexy.Your cheeks were tinted a heavy red color.Your eyes shone with lust and desire. He tightly shut his eyes and moaned in pleasure.
''K-keep going,__-san...P-please!'' He whispered out.You looked at him with a hungry look before doing as he said.You began to move yourself around his erection.You began to moan yourself when your panties got moved away by the tip.Your breath hitched as it now touched without the fabric your sensitive skin down there.
''Kuroko-kun!A-aah!'' You moaned as both of you blushed deeper.Kuroko's hands placed themselves on your hips.He moved your hips down so his length could come in you,but you quickly pulled away,panting heavily.