
''I want more...'' He demanded before turning you around.He grabbed your hips and positioned his member on your ass while you were still recovering from the pleasure.
''Wait,Kuro-kun...It hurts like hell from there...'' You tried to wiggle away,but he already had the tip of his length ready to enter you.
''I want to make you moan all night,__-chan.Let me,please.'' Kuroko said bluntly before slowly entering you from behind.Your eyes watered a bit from the pain.
''Wait a little...Please.'' You begged as you tried to regain you composure.He nodded and waited until you gave him a signal to enter fully.
''Okay,do it now.''He didn't need anything more than that to slam in you.You gasped and quickly looked back at him.He was ready to pound onto you like a rabbit.Doggy style wasn't your style,but if Kuroko wanted it like that,you wouldn't mind.
''Can i move now...?'' You slowly nodded.You thought he would be gentle this time,but you were wrong.He was already going at an inhuman pace.It's like this isn't the Kuroko you knew.
''You feel so amazing,___-san!'' He bent over to lay on your back as he slammed into you.You gripped the sheets and let out some screams in pain.You didn't like it this time.You never knew he would want to do it from the behind also.You just waited until he came into you.As soon as he did,you quickly jerked your body to the sheets,away from him.
''___-san?'' Kuroko asked with concern.You just turned your head away and snuggled into the sheets.Kuroko quickly turned you around and gasped as he saw your fresh tears running down your delicate skin.
''What happened,___-san?'' You just shook your head and wiped away the tears.
''I told you it hurts from behind...'' Kuroko's face fell down in guilt.He quickly hugged you from behind,trying to calm you.
''I'm sorry.I won't do it again.Don't be mad...'' You shook your head and turned around to give him a kiss.
''I'm happy my first time was with you,Tetsu-kun.''He smiled a gentle smile,glad you weren't mad at him.
''I'll make sure I'll be the last one,too.'' You just blushed and giggled at his thoughts.
''Thank you,Tetsu.For everything.'' You smiled as you closed your eyes ready to fall asleep.
''Anything for my future wife.'' You heard before falling asleep.