
You and Kuroko had been working on a project for school about sports.You were at his house right now,working on it while Kuroko was watching.He was doing a horrible job trying to help you,so you just let him watch.Your project was about tennis.You always found that sport very boring,but a project is a project and you can't do shit about it.
''Kuroko-kun,don't try to fall asleep on me!'' You bonked him on the head with your notebook.He just rubbed his head and continued to look at what you were doing.
''You know...You should help,too.'' You mumbled while finishing another sentence.Kuroko quietly eyed you.He always thought you were a beauty.Your hair is what he likes the most.It was so soft and easy to run your hand around.
''__-san...What shampoo do you use?'' You stopped writing and looked at him with a raised eyebrow.You just shook your head and answered.
''Coconut and vanilla.Why do you ask?'' You said,getting your attention back on the project.
''You smelt delicious.That's why.'' He simply answered.You pulled your shirt up your cheeks to cover your blush.
''I guess you like coconut?'' You asked while continuing.Okay,let me explain.You liked Kuroko,but you never got the nerve to tell him anything.This was your chance to get to know him better.
''I love vanilla.Vanilla milkshakes are delicious.'' Your head perked up as you remembered something.You had milkshake in your bag from McDonalds.You quickly grabbed your bag and searched through it.Kuroko looked at you with a hint of curiosity in his eyes.
''There you go,Kuroko-kun!'' You smiled and handed him the small cup full of vanilla milkshake.Kuroko took it without a second thought and began drinking.
''Wait,Kuro-kun,you have vanilla on your lip...'' You mumbled and pointed to your mouth.Kuroko wiped with his sleeve the wrong side of his mouth.You shook your head as a grin formed on your face.He was adorable.
''There,Kuroko-kun...'' You said as you brought your thumb where the vanilla was.You wiped it off and licked your finger,testing the vanilla.
''Delicious!'' You cheered.Kuroko looked at you with a blush on his face.How you just licked off the piece of vanilla that was on his lips was quite...seducing.
''Thank you,____-san.'' You nodded and continued to work on the project.No one said a word,which you didn't mind at all.It was nice to work in silence.
After at least 20 minutes of working you realized that it was too quiet.You quickly glanced at Kuroko to see he had fallen asleep.You took this chance to take a look at his features.
His eyes were closed,making his eyelashes longer and darker.His hand was supporting his head while he slept.His sky blue hair looked messy.You wanted to coo at how adorable he looked,but you knew better because that would wake him up.
Slowly,you pulled your chair in front of him and got closer to his face.You decided to tease him by blowing on his face,to which he did nothing about.You puffed out your cheeks in disappointment.
Next,you tapped his nose repeatedly,to which he did nothing about.You shook your head in disappointment again.You were starting to get annoyed by him not doing anything.
You suddenly got an idea,which made you blush fifty shades of red.Since he is a heavy sleeper,you could get something out of it.
You brought your lips closer to his nose and gently pecked before quickly backing away.Seeing him doing nothing,you sighed in relief and happiness.You brought your lips closer to his face again,but this time to his own pink lips.
You closed your eyes and gently put your lips to his.Your heart started pounding against your chest.This was happening.You kissed your crush.