
Gosh I'm going to get so much hate for this...
------------------------------
It had to be around one in the morning when Johnny Ghost had woken up from another nightmare and stood up. He had a terrible headache and just couldn't go back to sleep.
He moved from out of the covers and sat on the edge of the bed. He wrapped his arms around himself.
'What should I do?' He thought to himself.
Suddenly a thought came to his head.
He blushed. 'Should I...?' He thought for a moment. Finally he took a deep breath and stood up. 'Worth a shot...'
After throwing on a tank top Ghost tip toed through the dark hallway to his partner's room. Peeking his head in through the doorway he could see a his partner Johnny Toast sleeping silently in his bed in his dark room.
Without making a sound Ghost managed to quietly make it to the edge of his bed.
Toast was smiling a cute smile as he slept on his side. His hair was messy and very fluffy. Ghost blushed as he couldn't help but notice that he wasn't wearing a shirt, his tan skinned chest half covered in the sheets.
Ghost had to build up the courage before lightly tapping Toast's shoulder. "Psst... Johnny..."
Toast tiredly mumbled for a second before opening his light blue eyes. He had a worried expropriation as he stood up and rubbed his eyes.
"Are you alright sir...? Is there something wrong...?"
"N-no... I just..." Ghost stuttered, his face bright red as he stared at the floor. "I had a bad dream... And I was wondering if... If I could sleep here tonight... With you... Please..."
Toast didn't say anything for a moment making Ghost more nervous. Finally toast had lightly smiled and pushed over making room for his boss. "Of course sir..."
Ghost slowly claimed into the bed and pulled a sheet over himself. Toast  did the same. Ghost turned away from Toast to hide his blushing face. Why did he feel like this...?
"Thanks Johnny..." Ghost mumbled before drifting off to sleep.
(I'm The Doctor!)
Ghost felt strangely warm as he slowly woke up and opened his eyes. He found that he was unable to move as strong arms around his waist held him down and pulled him closer to his partners bare chest. He blushed madly when he turned his head.
His partner was spooning him from behind as he slept.
Unsure what he should do he became frozen in his arms. His cheeks burned red with blush.
Suddenly Toast slowly began to tighten his grip and pull Ghost closer to him. He had a cute smile on his face as he snuggled his face into his shoulder.
Ghost was now as red as a tomato.
Thinking that he would regret it later Ghost melted into his embrace and leaned back into Toast's arms. He was secretly enjoying every second of it. He was about to drift off into sleep again until Toast gently yawned and slowly opened his eyes.
Toast blinked twice before realizing the position they were in. He immediately blushed and pulled away his arms. Ghost quickly turned to face his partner, a bit disappointed that he had pulled away.
"I... Um... I-I'm sorry sir..."
Ghost didn't reply. Instead he moved forward, wrapping his arms around his partner. He looked into his stunning bright blue eyes as Toast looked into his golden brown eyes.