
A/n: So this picture at the top here^ is Sonya and me when we were broadcasting on YouNow. This story is for her, plus I've been wanting to make a story about Vic for a long time. Sonya and I have known each other since 3rd grade and we're gonna be freshman this fall. However, in this story, we're gonna be seniors. This story is gonna be written by me but also has her ideas in it. So, I'm gonna just start the story now..:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.<Sonya's POV>Hai! I'm Sonya, I love Pierce the Veil and Sleeling with Sirens. I am absolutely obsessed with Kellic and I hate it when people diss on Mitch Lucker or any of the bands I love. My favorite color is baby blue and I have black hair with hot pink tips. I've been wanting to move out of my house because I'm sick of the abuse from my mom. I'm 17 and I'm turning 18 on Halloween, I know pretty fucking awesome right? Nope, because that's the day that my boyfriend and I broke up and he cheated on me. Anyways, I'm daydreaming in school right now, getting hit with paper balls by the preppy kids and getting my seat kicked, "hey cut it out" my friend said, getting fed up with it, she always knows how to help, even if they don't stop, she knows it'll make me feel a little better. They just laughed in her face and threw a piece of paper at her. She turned around and got up, walking toward the teacher and telling him that she needs to go to the office. As usual, he said no, and she just walked out. "Hey!-" he stopped, knowing she wouldn't listen, he mumbled to himself and picked up the phone, "hey Cindy, yes, do you have Chelsea Westby? Ah, ok well tell her that she needs to return to cla- oh... Well she can come collect her things from class if she doesn't feel good, yes...ok bye" he hung up and sighed, Chelsea walked back into the classroom as everyone whispered, she gave me a hug and walked out. The girls behind me laughed and whispered louder "I swear they're dating, I mean, can't you tell by the way they hug?" I got up and walked to the teacher, "can I go to the bathroom?" He shook his head "you can wait, go sit" I pouted, "but I need to use the bathroom" he gave in, "fine but hurry" I smiled and walked out running to my locker, and my ex, Ryin, "well well well, isn't the loser who I thought I didn't want to see again" he pinned me to my locker, "then let me go, asshole" he laughed, it wasn't that easy to get him to leave me alone anymore, he always wanted something, "how about we have some fun and then I'll let you go" I gulped and shook my head, "fine then, a week of hate you get" "I already have to deal with that dumbass" I scoffed and he walked away, laughing. I quickly grabbed my razor and some band aids, running into the bathroom, crying in one of the stalls, "hurry" I pressed the razor to my skin and dragged it deep in my skin. Wiping up the blood, I put a band aid over it and walked out of the bathroom, and ran back to my locker, putting my stuff away and walked back into class, where no one was there except the teacher, "what happened?" I asked "assembly, but since you're late, you can stay here and catch up on all of your missing work." I growled and grabbed my stuff "you know what I don't understand? How you can treat me like absolute shit, but you can treat those kids who copy off of each other's work, and bully kids like me who try really fucking hard and do their own work, and throw wads of fucking paper at me and my friends! You all, including you, Mr. Dickhead, bully my friends and me, all fucking day and I'm sick of it! I'm done with you and this fucking school, fuck you and fuck everyone who ever goes to this fucked up school!" I ran out of the class room and to the office, also running into my crush, "s-sorry" he smiled and looked down at me, "no it's fine...it was my fault" he blushed along with me, "were you crying?" He asked, "n-no..." I looked down, he cupped my chin, "yes you have, don't lie to me" I heard the laughter of the girls who bully me, and I ran in the opposite direction "wait I-" he yelled out as they surrounded him, laughing at him for talking to me. Pushing him on the floor, I grabbed all of my things out of my locker, literally everything but the books from classes, out of my locker and shoved it into my backpack, scrambling towards to office again, seeing my crush, Tj on the ground, I reached my hand out and helped him up, "I fucking hate this school" he said just loud enough for me to hear, "me too" he looked at me and frowned, I didn't understand why those girls pushed him, they usually hang out with him, "why did they pushed you?" He shrugged "why do you have all of your things?" I smiled "I'm dropping out" he wrapped me into a hug and I walked away "hey swee-" "I'm here to drop out" she frowned "why" "I'm sick of this school and I don't want to deal with it anymore" she sighed and gave me a paper and stamped it, "here" she gave me the form and I walked out of the school, happy to leave.