
AN// so, as usual, I caved. You guys begged and begged and I'm a people pleaser. I know it's taken a while, but here it is.
The third and FINAL book of my Tony Perry trilogy series.
The title of this book is from the song Besitos by Pierce The Veil. (FunFact: Besitos is Mexican for kisses)
Enjoy.
{ o n e }
'Lydia Starr is alive and has been hiding for years!'
'The Lydia Starr scandal revealed. We have the in with this story. Stay with us to find out everything that's happened with Lydia Starr in the past 7 years!'
'7 years ago popstar Lydia Starr was announced dead to the world. Well here she is now.'
"Can you believe it's been 7 years? Jesus Christ, Lydia what have we been doing with our lives."
"And we've only known each other for 6 years." I added in, watching Alexis take another drag of her cigarette, looking out over the city that I've lived in for 6 whole years.
She's playing all the latest news reports on her phone to me. I knew it'd happen sooner or later, but 7 years after my apparent death is a while for the media to only just find me.
"How are you not freaking out?" She asked me. Her pink hair is long gone. We're both 27 now, and we both work at a large record company here in San Francisco. Her hair is now brown and short, in a classy yet messy style.
"I knew it would happen. Hey, do you know another record company phoned me today and offered me so much money to work with them, just because I used to be famous." I told her with a small smile on my face, she grinned at me, knowing that I'm loving the perks I'm getting because of the media finding out about my old life.
"Maybe you should take it, and bring me with you. What company is it?" After 6 years of being best friends, Alexis and I have the same wavelength when it comes to what we think, and for us, more money is brilliant.
"Fearless records. I think I've heard of them before so they have to be pretty big." I replied, leaning back on the window of my apartment. She did the same after dousing her cigarette and throwing it somewhere unknown.
I half smiled thinking about my trusty apartment that I bought 6 years ago, running away from my life. Well, half of my life.
My other half is a gorgeous little girl called Madison, who has become my whole life since I left them all behind.
"They are, you should bargain with them, get us both in and we can get you and Maddie a better place, and I can get implants." She winked at me, shaking her cleavage around. I laughed easily, and opened up my apartment window again, both of us stepping back inside.
"Speaking of little Madison, what time are you picking her up?" Alexis asked me, and I looked at the clock.
"Shit. I have to get her now." I said in panic.
I grabbed my bag, and kept the mental remainder in my head of phoning fearless records and bargaining with them.
"Good luck picking her up now everybody knows who you are Starr."
God I really can't deal with the press while I'm trying to pick up my little girl, god forbid somebody finds out I have a daughter and she gets bad attention from the media.
"Lexis will you please pick her up for me again?" Over the 6 years I've known Alexis, I've never been able to call her 'Lexi' like most other people do, and she's told me to thousands of times. It just reminds me way to much of Alex.
Thinking of Alexis, she was already picking up her keys and putting her coat on.
"I knew you'd ask. We'll be back soon."
She went off, and I found myself smiling, already waiting to see my gorgeous little munchkin.