
He turned his direction to the petite girl huddling next to the blue walls.

"Tsk! tsk! tsk! shouldn't have witnesses should I?" He laughed gripping his hand on the handle of the knife Tightly.

The girl ran screaming at the top of her lungs. Running towards the front door of the house, she ran towards the woods surrounding the house while being chased by the murderer.

I shook my head several times rocking my self back and forth...back and forth.

Trying to calm down I thought about the subject again.

I just witnessed my sister die in front of me! It hurts me but...what if he's still after me? I-I done nothing wrong!

Me and my sister was just going to visit her 'friend' at their house, we'll so it seems they were like friends.

She brought me along because I begged her to a thousand times and she knows me and her friend gets along so well.

I regret doing that so badly. I feel selfish but I'm being honest.

Snapping out of my thoughts I found myself staring at the two strangers holding each others hands.

"Child what are you doing here?" A man asked. "Maybe she's lost" The women holdings hands with the man joined in.
"Child are you lost? Where are your parents?" The man asked again taking a step slightly close to me.

"I-I" I stuttered with shyness. "Ran away" I say with sadness.

"Why is that?" The man in a light blue striped dress shirt with Grey pants matching his tie and a pair of dress boots said.

" I was chased by a murderer.." I weakly said.

Yeah that's right! I'm calling that no good raggedy old hag a murderer now!

"Dear, um do you by any chance know where your parents are?" A women said wearing a floral blouse and tight navy blue jeans with a pair of white ballet flats.

"I know we are strangers but would you like to stay with us while we find your parents?" The man asked with hesitation.

"It wouldn't be a problem" The women said tilting her head making her straight brown hair bounce.

"Grab my hand" The man said reaching for my hands.

I pulled my hands away before he could touch my hands. "I can't trust anyone" I say with a frown.

"I like you for that, but you might not find your parents that quickly" The man said.
