
He was a murderer, he killed my sister I thought with tears forming in the corners of my eyes.

He laughed as he seen her in pain, how cruel! I furrowed my eyebrows in frustration. Why did he kill her?, didn't he love her?

I slapped myself in the face. I'm so stupid I faced palm myself shaking my head slowly.

He didn't! Jason didn't! He was in a arranged marriage with my sister, Cadence my older sister who was to be next in line for throne loved someone else.

He was the only one who liked the arranged marriage because of my family's wealth.

He was a selfish, rude and a stupid brat.

A flashback started to show a scene where two adults were in a large room that seemed like a bedroom, and a little girl who seemed like she was 8-9 years old peeking through the beige door.

The women who had chestnut brown hair and Green emerald eyes looked deep into brown eyes.

The man and the women leaned in tilting their heads in opposite directions.

The little girl gasped seeing the scene in front of her.

Their lips touched as the women moaned slipping her porcelain like skin colored hands into the man's blonde hair.

The door was opened wide showing a man. It was Jason, his eyes widen then narrowed.

"I knew you were here with that rat, you made a mistake, hon"

he smiled sweetly before shooting his brown eyes a glare at them both.

The little girl hid in the corner of the room watching the death scene in front of her eyes. One word.

Horror.

The man chuckled before pulling out a pocket knife. Without hesitation he stabbed his own fiancée in the heart

. Her last words were "Run" before falling down on the marble floor.

The man turned his back to meet brown eyes stating at him with fear.

His chuckle turned into a maniac like laugh as a lifeless body dropped to the floor.

"Hahaha! You just had to CHEAT ON ME DIDN'T YOU!?" He shouted at the women's lifeless body.

The man lifted her chin looking into her emerald eyes.

"I gave you my best, guess like you didn't deserve it"
