
"Let's start from the beginning, My name is Charles" he said laying his hands on his chest. "My names Charlene" The women said with a smile.

"What's your name?" "M-my name is Amaya" I replied quietly.

"If you need us we live far over to the left next to those apple trees" the man said pointing to a smooth path leading to what seems like an apple tree in the far distance.

I nodded my head with hesitation, should I listen to them?

Would they kidnap me? or even worser...

Eat me!

I should not trust anyone especially if they act nice just to eat you, like cannibals.

"Uh... Thank you?" I say clearly confused making my eye bows furrow.

"Well we're taking our leave now" he said scratching the back of his head in confusion.

"If you change your mind remember what I told you" he awkwardly said.

Turning his shoes to the direction of the smooth path.

Ah! I do need a place to stay at because I don't know the directions back home to the castle. Wow how smart of me, but although I can tell them to send me back home.

Wait! if I go back to the castle I'll be stuck with princess training! I am not going to risk a sore back anymore.

Whatever I'm going to do, yes I am aware that I might be eaten tonight."Uh...Wait!" I shouted reaching for the end of the man's dress shirt.

"Whoa!" He leaned beside Charlene, gripping on her silky blouse.

"Charles!" "Eee!" The women squeal, Obviously startled.

"Amaya, you should be a tiny bit careful next time you do that, okay?" Charles said while using Charlenes shoulders for support.

"I...can I stay at your house in the mean time while...We can find my parents?" I said shyly playing with my fingers.

"Sure" Charles said with a smile. "Darling it wouldn't be a problem! Charles this could be like an experience for having kids! " Charlene said with excitment.

"Yes, somewhat sweetie" Charles chuckled in amusement.

Turning his attention to me he opened his hands gesturing me to hold it.

I smiled softly at the thought of having a normal life. Not royal duties, not training or paparazzi but a normal life.
