
"What are you forgetting?" Luna asked with a smirk. She thought for a moment before grabbing something she had kept on the table in her room.
"Gun?" Luna nodded and Asher followed after her to see Araya.
"What does she need me for?" Asher asked Luna curiously.
"To escort two 'guests' to a holding cell" Asher decided to leave it at that and Luna didn't seem to want to answer anything else.
"Just come on, take the money" Asher heard a voice say from the door Luna had been standing in front of. She nodded to the brunette. Reaching a hand out to the doorknob.
"She's here" Luna announced, opening the door, Araya had just finished sending an order to Severo and smile at Asher.
"Hello, Ashley"
The heads of two people in chairs turned to face her as Asher dropped her gun. Her jaw dropping.
"Asher?"
An accusatory look came on to Stiles's face and one of relief came on Lydia's. A sinking feeling went of deep in her stomach at Stiles's facial expression.
"Pick up your gun hija, that is no way to greet our very special guests" Araya scolded. A knowing smile on her face. Asher reached down and fumbled for her gun.
"What did you do to her?" Stiles asked, his voice calm but his actions anything but. Lydia reached over and squeezed the hand that had been angrily gripping the arm rest.
"Nothing. She has become a hunter over her own free will, watch. Asher, what is the hunter code?" Asher felt a guilty pang in her heart.
"We pro-" she cut herself off just as hopeful looks came on to Stiles and Lydia's faces. That wasn't the answer Araya wanted. She'd known from experience. "W-We hunt those w-who hunt us" she stammered instead and Stiles's steely glare returned. Just as Lydia had frowned.
"Excellent, sirena. Now, why don't you show them to their holding cell" Asher weakly shoved her gun in Luna's direction. Not wanting to use force in front of her friends. She gazed at Stiles again. Or the people who had been her friends. Luna took the gun and numbly, Asher walked out of the room.
They followed Asher quietly down the long corridors but she could tell by the faint whispers that they were arguing.
"You ask"
"Why should I ask?"
"You want to know the answer"
"You're her best friend"
"What does that have to do with anything"
"Maybe she won't blast your head off with a-"
"You guys have something you want to ask me?" Asher asked. Interrupting
"Yeah, how about why the hell are you a hunter in Mexico? Let's start with that one" The bitterness in Stiles's voice made her throat close up but she had learned to hide that. She coughed to clear her throat before throwing Stiles a glance over her shoulder.
"Chris. I'm here because of Chris"
"What does Chris have to do with anything? Him and Isaac aren't even in North America" Stiles retorted.
"Chris was to do with everything...I owe him"
"You owe him?" Lydia asked. Her voice much softer than Stiles.
"Yes, I owe him" she stopped and turned around, stopping them both in their tracks.