
Welcome to Hunter.
The 2nd instalment of Asher.
You're going to see loads of character development in this story and its a Stiles story! With a pinch of Wyatt and Scott.
I'm writing this in third person so bare with me guys. Yeah, that's practically it, oh! And FYI, I don't own Teen Wolf so yeah, small disclaimer.
So let's get this started, shall we?
-Lexi
~~
The corners of Asher's mouth turned up as she heard the sound of the ring dagger lodging itself in to the wall.
She had changed in the couple of months that she had spent in Mexico. She'd become an expert on the bow and arrow and learned a thing or two on how to operate a gun, in short, Asher was becoming an excellent hunter, one of Araya's favourites in fact.
Besides her new found defensive skills, Asher's personality had been tweaked slightly. Due to the hostile hunters that surrounded her daily, she had adapted being just as hostile as them. In a way, Chris had told her she had reminded him of Allison when she had first started off as a hunter after her mother's death. Hostile and merciless. Which sent a shiver down Asher's spine for more than just one reason.
She found it necessary to slip in some humour and sarcasm into her words for fear she would lose hold of those traits. Araya would always smile at her sarcasm and pat her shoulder before telling her that her attitude would indeed come in handy eventually.
She had even seen Isaac a couple times since she'd become a hunter and all times were through Skype but even then, Isaac could sense a shift in the brunette's personality. Not addressing it directly but instead calling her a badass and then grinning widely.
In a way, Asher had become badass but to her, she just seemed the way she had been before heading to Beacon Hills, California. Just more respectful and less of an idiot, she presumed.
Having discovered all of these new found traits about herself, she found it strange how simply throwing a ring dagger at a wall had somehow easily amused her.
Perhaps it was the lack of activity happening recently. If Asher wasn't walking around, gun in hand, she was either in her bedroom or out somewhere, shooting at a tree.
The things boredom will do to a person astounded her profoundly.
She pushed herself up off the bed and towards the ring dagger sticking out of her wall, finding herself suddenly thinking about a certain group of friends she had left behind.
How were they now? Were they still looking for her or had they given up? They might as well have given up. She spun the dagger thoughtfully on her finger. They wouldn't even recognize her. Appearance wise, of course they would but personality? She could have practically been a different person all together. Ironically, she could be. She had practiced being a shapeshifter in private, for fear Araya would find out. But Asher had a feeling Araya already knew, the way she smiled at her after a little session of shapeshifting, she totally knew.
Her train of thought took yet another turn when she thought about a certain boy with messy hair and beautiful hazel eyes.
Her first ever actual love. How was he now? Had he moved on? Was he better?
These thoughts swam around in her head when the door opened.
"Araya wants you" Luna, a female hunter not much older than she was, said, Asher moved to exit the room.