
Nervously, she picked up the thick envelope and opened it with a letter opener she kept at her side. Removing the contents, she began to read. It was almost 9:45 before finishing her homework and going to sleep. But not before placing it in her small safe. It gave her a lot to think about.
Chapter Five
Week And a Half Later (early October)
Crystal wakes up from a nightmare once again. The bruises on her arm stung and pain in her groin was almost too much. Why was it with these nightmares real pain comes? It had been the last few months this has happened and chalked it up to thrashing about while sleeping. Could the night terrors she had as a kid be coming back, that she never grew out of fully as originally thought?
Stumbling into the bathroom, she turns on the light and finds her neck red where it looked like hands were wrapped around them. The sight made her gasp, only one person could pull this off. The anger inside flared up and she resolved herself to end this, one way or another.
Monica was standing unseen beside her. The storm cloud grey eyes matched a tempest of emotions that brewed inside Crystal. The three angels had taken turns watching her from the start. Taking blows for Crystal and her sister when her stepfather went off on them if need be. She ached from the last one. It frustrated the angel that Crystal hadn't been able to speak out. A shudder went through her at what could happen if she doesn't let it out...
Crystal looks in the mirror. The burden she held was physically taking a toll, she literally could feel it in her shoulders. Stopping at her little sister's room, she sees little Haley sleeping. Her half sister, only nine years old, laid there in bed, sleeping like an angel. Worry filled her. Would she be next? Lately that's what her dreams were filled with. Haley being hurt like she was. Hot tears filled her eyes and Crystal left for her room. Where she wept herself back to sleep like so many times before.
At school things were getting worse. Despite Monica's gentle urging, Crystal was sliding. She was becoming more withdrawn and agressive. At school, a boy called her a name and she went ballistic. Flashbacks were coming frequently and often, even in class. Excuses to explain her actions were harder to come across.
She kept it together still. Andrew marveled at how some humans were able to even function under these conditions. Crystal was slowly trusting him, at times it seemed she had something to say, but pulls back. Her eyes said it all, a shadow crosses over them when she talks about what she calls "the dark times". That's what she calls the time when she was in foster care and what led up to it.
Chapter Six
But it all fell apart the week before the Fair trip. In an argument with her stepfather, Crystal pulled out a knife. "You know what you did and if you touch my sister, I will kill you!" She raises it and swings it down towards his head.
Andrew, unseen, whispers in her ear, "Whatever it is that's hurting you, this is NOT the answer. Think about it, once it's done, there's no going back." With one word from the Father, he grabs her arm just as it's coming down, stopping an inch from his head. Try as she could, Crystal just couldn't budge her arm.
The stepfather, blank faced, smirks and chuckles. "You never could finish what you started. Coward." Straight-faced and cold. "You're always threatening to tell the world lies against me. Well, how about an exchange? Keep your mouth shut or everyone knows about what goes on between you and my daughter." His eyes said that he was serious.
The door opens and Haley enters, fresh from playing in the yard. Crystal slips the knife in her sleeve and puts on a plastic smile. Mom had just left for work as a manager at a local restaurant she owned, often working long shifts.