
That night Cassie calls Andrew. "I am really not well and I need to ask you a favor. Could you take Crystal to her therapy appointment tomorrow?" Cassie coughs, hacking up a glob of mucus, "her mother works and I help however I could." Andrew says he could and she goes, "Good. I'll text her and give her a heads up. She'll show you where and all. Need her school address?" Again Cassie has a coughing fit. "I'm going to see the doctor in the morning." She hated these times. So busy helping others she forgets about herself.
Crystal was having a harder time sleeping. Like clockwork, the nightmares came right on time. She's being chased through the woods by a creature. It ends up cornering her and wraps its long spindly hands around her throat. It then transforms into a human she knows all too well. Then the pain comes just before it goes black.
Checking her phone, the time says, "3:30 am". Turning over, she shed silent tears to get back to sleep. Another day to keep her secrets, agonizing over what to do. The one part of her past she would rather forget. The emotions would be too much for her to handle. As her mom puts it, Crystal was always "delicate" emotionally.
Gloria looks on, watching each tear slide down, gently wiping them away. What could be so painful it causes this agony? She was quite literally still the new angel on the block, but knew something pained this girl. And seeing Crystal in pain, it hurt her too.
Chapter Three
The next day, school had let out. Crystal and her best friend Emily were outside the school cutting up. Emily lived not far from the school, like Crystal, and she had her weekly therapy appointment. All she knew was Cassie was sick and someone else was coming for her. Today was also her first in depth session with Monica.  Not bad, went over her background and the usual "if you need to talk, I will be here" line.
"The file shows that you've had a difficult life." Monica says, scanning the thick folder. "Foster care, a time in a psychiatric unit...My, you have endured a lot." She closes it and looks straight into Crystal's eyes. "Now I want to hear your side. Don't be afraid to hold back."
Crystal so wanted to take the offer, but the voices that taunted her as far back as she can remember started up. You're no good, secrets are your friend, nobody cares for you, and so on. They bound those thoughts of wanting to say something. Every good thing she did was...tainted by those voices. Her ability to trust was dampened by the memories, and living under the same roof as the person who ruined her. Now she's got a sister that could have the same thing happen to her too if it hadn't already.
A horn honking snapped her back to reality. There was Andrew, in a red Cadillac, calling her name and waving. Emily came up and Crystal soon followed. After introductions, Emily headed off and it was just her and Andrew. She was impressed by the car. On the way to the session, they talked some. About her and the city in general.
They come upon a two story brick building near one of the hospitals. After parking, they go in and the receptionist takes Crystal's name and appointment. After a few minutes of waiting, her name was called. A short woman, dark hair and glasses, comes and greets them. "My name's Gloria and I'm a student helping out Dr. Steele with some cases. You don't have a problem do you?" Andrew stays in the waiting area while she goes in.