
Chapter Eight
Michael remembers visiting the office where the fan mail came to and sifting through some of the letters. This was one of them. He remembers the scrawl, and how desperate she sounded. It tore him reading this, and when it became too much, he passed it to a female worker.
"What can I do to help?" Michael asked the angel, a look of curiosity on his face. "Just come with me. No need for the cap and glasses. It won't take long..." Suddenly they were just feet from where Crystal sat. "Now go ahead and encourage her," Andrew tells him, "and don't worry, people won't recognize you."
Nervously he approached Crystal, who was scribbling in a notebook. Sitting down with his bottle of juice in hand and a sandwich, he politely asks if he could sit down in front of her. She says yes without looking up from her writing. Nobody else was there.
A brief chat about the fair and the show was an icebreaker. Crystal tried to look into those blue eyes, but couldn't hold it. "I'm just going through a lot right now. With school and home." This was the opening Andrew needed and whispers something to Michael.
Michael thought hard, then says, "My advice is trust God. You don't know what His plan for you, but whatever you're going through, He can help. Ask Him, that's all." Placing his hand over hers, he flashes that trademark smile and excuses himself. Pausing only briefly, he whispers four words Andrew hopes reignites the spark in Crystal." Be strong and courageous". Then he walks away with Andrew.
Crystal was left speechless. She recognized that voice but, it couldn't be. Anyhow it was enough to her to make a final decision. And she knew exactly who to share it with. Looking at her watch, she was running late. Finishing up the last of her hot dog, she cleaned up and left, feeling like walking on air.
Michael was back in his dressing room, almost no time had passed. To him, it seemed like a dream, but he felt that his faith in the One who gave him the gift of charisma and music was restored. With the help of an angel and a fan. Taking the outfit off the rack, he preps for the show.
The concert was great. Crystal and the gang had made a sign wishing him a happy birthday (it was the week before) and he pointed their way which was stage left when he saw it. Dedicated a song to "someone who reminded me that if one person was touched by God through my music, it was worth it all." And the worship was intense, she felt the Holy Spirit fire fall on the venue.
Then after the show, the group got to meet him. Andrew and Cassie was there to catch her in case she fainted. Everything went well and again Michael whispered, "Remember, be strong and courageous." Then he winked at her. She was stunned! This was the man she talked to earlier! The entire ride back she didn't say a word, just a smile on her face. She had courage now to go ahead.
Chapter Nine
It was almost eleven-thirty by the time they got back. The traffic wasn't bad and everyone was tired. Crystal slept for a while, waking at 2 am. She had her tablet and connected to the wifi after sneaking off to the next room.
As usual, Andy was there in the chat room, and she him about the show. What she felt and how they got to meet Michael. "I have made a decision. I'm going to tell Cassie." She hadn't told Andy her secret, just that she had one. "And its going to be Tuesday while we're out.". A brief pause then writing pops up. "Great! You can do this X. I'll be praying. Keep me posted!" Then she logs off.
The door opens. It was Cassie checking in. "You all right?" She asks, holding out a bottle of water and Crystal takes it. "I was checking my emails that's all. Everything is going to all right" she says with a smile. She was feeling good, but deep down, there was dread, something was going to happen that will bring her down from that high. And it was coming sooner than she thought.