
He rises up from his chair and whispers, "Keep quiet or I just might make her an object lesson." He shoots a glance at Haley, who was hanging her coat up in the living room. "And it will be all your fault." He gives a self satisfied smirk.
Andrew hated these cases. In his time as an Angel of Death, he has seen his fair share of self-destruction cases. This was one of them and every time it tears him apart. Inside he was wanting to rip this animal into pieces for what he was doing. Instead he punches the wall beside him. Of course being in his angelic form, it wasn't damaged, but he did wince from it.
By now the agony of realizing her sister was now at risk was almost too much. People were getting suspicious and she knew it. Monica was probing way too deep and it made Crystal panic inside. Then the body betrays you. Her hands start trembling, something she attributes to the lithium she takes for her manic depression. Even during her waking hours the emotions come. Her mind goes back to the Sunday before.
Flashback
Everyone was having a good time at the weekly supper. This week it was pizza and chips with cookies for dessert. She was finishing up a lively chat about the upcoming trip to the Fair and particularly the concert. Michael Reigns was coming and this was a dream come true. Crystal played his music day and night, had all his albums and pictures plastered on her wall. Now she was finally going to see him live.
"Who can resist those blue eyes? I could drown in them." Kathy, one of the other girls says with a dreamy look in her eyes. "It would be awesome to meet him..." Crystal laughed, though she shared the same thoughts. Excusing herself, she went up to the first first floor ladies room to wash up.
She carried that letter with her. One of the volunteers who worked with the fan mail gave her advice on how to deal with this. Also about how God sees her agony and weeps. Righteous anger and all. Also included was Rebecca's (this person's name who responded) story and referrals to websites and hotlines.
Crystal preferred to be alone, part of it was because of her biological father being like that by what her mother has told her. Lately also, she's asking more questions about that. Splashing water on her face, she looks in the mirror. The agony was showing, making her 17 year old countenance seem older. Even looking into her own eyes in a mirror was difficult, almost impossible. Drying her face, she slips off. And instead of going back, it was straight to the main sanctuary.
This was right above the smaller one. It was where all the major services were held. It was of course empty, giving her quiet time to kneel at the rail before the altar and pray. The silence helped keep her focus and maybe even if she's lucky, hear something from God. "Where are you God? It's getting worse here. What can I do?" Crystal whispers into the air. And as usual, nothing.
Andrew had noticed Crystal missing, gone too long. He slips out to find her. He caught a glimpse of dark brown hair sliding into the sanctuary. He had come here the week prior thinking someone was there but found nothing. But this time it was different. Approaching the rail, he sees her kneeling. Reaching out, he touches her shoulder. "You shouldn't really be here".
She panicks, turning around staring at him. Andrew saw the horror in her eyes. Like she was staring at someone else. Crystal had a glare that could kill a man. After a moment, she softened. "Didn't think anyone else was here." She sat down on a pew. And he follows. "Did I ever tell you about my brush with death as a kid?" She begins, telling of how at one, she almost died and while recovering, tried to sneak out of the hospital ward. Then about how she fell off a 20 foot cliff at age 5 with only bruises and two fractured wrist bones.