
Andrew's memory started going off, these incidents ring a bell. Why did he feel like he knew this girl from before? They rise up and go back downstairs. Those questions would have to wait until later. But what drove her to say what she did? All these thoughts ran through his mind, but he sensed time was short for her. So those questions would have to wait.
End of Flashback
Crystal had her overnight bag packed. After the fair, they were coming back to the church for an overnight. She would leave after dance class and miss typing but this time of year, lots of kids did it. Monica would hold her bag in the office during the day. It would be fun!
She just talked to Andy37 online and got a little deep. Brought up a scenario where someone close to her was hurting and didn't know what to do. They had gotten a little close, comfortable. "Did you ever have a secret so unbearable it had to be let out, but the pain of it doing so would make you feel like you have to choose between your sanity or your life? Maybe both..."
The screen was blank for a minute. Then the words popped up. "What is it X? What is it you want to get off your chest?" Crystal was stunned, left speechless. Never was he so blunt. Also, how did he know? Making up some excuse about being tired, she logs off. She falls asleep, that last conversation on her mind.
Chapter Seven
The day had finally come! Cassie would pick her up after fifth period class and from there, meet everyone else at the church. By 3:30, they would be on the Fairgrounds in Raleigh. Everything went as planned. The day was good, no homework, and almost everyone was at the church when it was time to go.
Going to the State Fair was always a joy for Crystal. The sights and smells stirred up emotions of a better time, more innocent. Plus, the rides and food made it all better. Drove the bad emotions away, at least for a while. As a senior, she was able to roam for a while on her own. At least until 6:45 when the group would meet by the arena and go in for the show.
Monica, Andrew, and Gloria watched the group split. "What can we do?" Gloria asks. In the short time she got to know Crystal, she discovered they truly were a lot alike: both of them were highly intelligent, and for a young human, Crystal had wisdom beyond her years. After a few moments, Andrew spoke. "There may be a way, and this person is the key." Then he pulls out his ticket for the concert. "Brilliant! But will it work?" Monica questions. "It may be the best chance to help her." Gloria says. Andrew then disappears.
After buying a few pounds of saltwater taffy and souvenirs for Mom and Haley, she waited in line to buy a hot dog and a drink. Then sat down at a table near the arena to dig in. For some reason, fair food always tasted better. Like that one thing families made once a year, at times like Thanksgiving and Christmas.
In a dressing room deep within the arena, a man was finishing up prepping for the show. His jeans and jacket freshly dry cleaned. He was wanting to wrap this up and get back home to his wife and kids. But this time, he was able to set aside some time to slip away in a cap and glasses. To see the world as everyone else.
Suddenly, a glow fills the room. In the center was a man, tall and blonde haired and Michael sensed this was from God. He sang about Him as a career and passion, his calling. Lately he had been questioning what impact he had made on the world.
"You have been questioning your purpose Michael. And I am here to steer you back. I am an angel sent by God to show the impact you've made on one fan. She entrusted you with something so dark, she doesn't know what to do." He then hands Michael a small stack of papers. It was Crystal's letter and Andrew had not read it on orders from above.