
Chapter One
Late September 2012
It was a sunny Sunday afternoon in downtown Durham, North Carolina. The sky was blue as can be with only a few clouds scattered across. For late September, the cool was slowly starting to usher in fall. The breeze rushing in. It was a beautiful day.
Unseen by the human eye, three angels were enjoying some time together outside the library, reading the newspapers and watching humans as they stood in line waiting for it to open.
Andrew, as usual, went straight for the obituaries, finding any one he took home. Monica always preferred the culture section. And today a storyteller from Japan was going to speak at library about legends. Gloria, always went for the science articles, but recently has tried to slow down and enjoy reading. Her mind was made to run like a supercomputer. An angel for today's tech-based society.
Then Monica casually looks up and sees something, or more specifically, someone. Getting Andrew and Gloria out of the papers, she points out a auburn haired, bespectacled, teen coming out of a car. Waving at the driver, she walks briskly towards the doors, a full bag hanging from her side.
"Our next assignment?" Gloria inquires. "Yes she is. And she's at a crossroads. One decision can change everything." Monica answers, folding her newspaper and the others do the same and go on inside.
Crystal stood at the counter, pulling out the previous week's books she had checked out and finished. Then straight up the stairs she goes to the third floor. It was always a place of refuge for her for the last few years. Quiet, peaceful and she could get away from the stresses and cares of school and home. Also, she came here every Sunday to kill time before going to Youth Group at a church a short walk from there.
The three angels stood unseen watching her. She looks at the shelves and when something strikes her fancy, she takes it down and browses through it. "Her name's Crystal Grayson. She's 17, and has a terrible burden that needs to come off before it's too late. Gloria, you may like her. You two are a lot alike, that's why you're on board here."
Monica notices her perplexed expression and explains. "Her IQ is genius level, talented, but it's all useless to her. She has no self worth, and we have to help her realize that she's precious to God."
Andrew was looking at the girl. He had the feeling he had seen her before. Something was familiar about her. Maybe he took Home one of her relatives that looked like her...
It had just turned 4:45 and Crystal started to wrap it up. She had to get to the church and finish up the final details for her program. In her years in middle and high school youth group, she had never done a program. Plus, like the library, it was a place of comfort and safety for her. Checking out a handful of books, she walked just down the street. The breeze caressing her face, it was soothing, she wishes it could do the same for her soul.
"Miss Golds? I presume?" Andrew, dressed in a casual shirt and jeans, sat in an office facing a husky woman with dark, shoulder length hair. "I was sent to help with this group until a replacement can be found." They shook hands. Cassie Golds sat looking at the resume he gave her. "Pleased to meet you, Andrew. Now this is a roster of our regular kids who come here." She gave him a sheet of paper. He took the list and read it. Sure enough, Crystal's name was there. Cassie went through it, describing each one in some detail. But when it came to Crystal, she paused. "Facinating girl she is. Funny story of how we met. But if she trusts you enough, I'll let her tell it. She does it better than I can. And that would be her now."
Andrew hears somebody singing just outside the door. Something about lighting a candle in the rain. A teen with dark brown hair and glasses enters  in and says hi. Andrew knew this was the assignment. In a quiet voice she says, "Let me get the materials so I can finish this for tonight." She pops in and picks up a pack of flash paper then leaves. Cassie stops her.