
Dr. Steele's office was medium sized. Shelves and a desk covered one end and a red couch lined one wall. Toys and art supplies were for the younger ones. "Now, I would like for you to try and think back to what upsets you the most." Dr. Steele calmly tells Crystal as she lays on the couch, eyes closed, her breathing steady. It starts out well, but soon it goes downhill at a certain point.
In her mind Crystal was able to go deep, but when the words start to form and are on the tip of her tongue, a hand grabs her throat. Or at least it feels like it. And the voices whisper "We can't stop this thing we got going." They tell her disgusting things about herself and then the physical pain begins. Andrew, unseen, watches  as she curls up, her face contorts in silent screams. She begins to choke despite nothing at her throat. Crystal begins to flail on the couch, her hands around her neck and when Dr. Steele reaches to touch her, she flinched.
For the two angels, it was sheer agony to even watch. With a snap of the fingers, Dr. Steele brought Crystal out of her state. It had been only the last year this started and has been chalked up as a severe case of anxiety.
"I had one didn't I? Doctor?" Crystal asks after gaining her breath. Promptly Crystal ran out to the bathroom with waves of nausea. The idea of going through this made her sick, thoughts raced through her mind. Why not just say it like in that fan letter she sent during the summer? One of her favorite singers always got fan mail like this and maybe she may get a response. The first time she told anyone what really happened.
Ten pages of pouring her heart out. At least, if something happened to me, someone out there would know. Ironically enough, he was coming to the State Fair next month. And the youth group was going, including her. She smiled at the thought.
Chapter Four
After the session, Andrew decies to take Crystal out. Her and Cassie did this just about every week. It would be something like shopping or dinner. A girl's day out. But it was her and Andrew this time. They went to a small Chinese place at the mall and for some reason, Crystal could be open to him. "Well, Cassie says you two met in a very strange manner. Mind telling me, if that's all right."
She was stunned. Briefly glancing into those green eyes, she began a very brief outline of her life. Life with autism, the days in foster care, including her stint in the psych ward at 11, where she met Cassie. Every detail was seared in her memory, down to her clothes. A slight smile came to her just thinking about it.
"She's that important to you isn't she?" Andrew calmly whispers and places his hand over hers. He felt trembling in her just by touch. She looks up and behind those Sgray eyes, there was a great pain he saw. Clawing just below the surface, eating at her.
Regaining her composure, Crystal picks up her fork and resumes eating. "Yes, she is. Like the sister I never had. I guess that's the best kind of friend one could ever have." Andrew was surprised at how casual she spoke of her life, difficult as it was. Almost like it was normal. He had talked to Monica earlier and she said the same thing.
He drove her back home. Her mom and sister were finishing up dinner and her stepfather was reading a paper. And as usual, downing a beer. Looking up at Andrew, he scowled and went back to the paper. After a few minutes and introductions, he left. Her stepfather gave Andrew the same look he gave all her friends, a scowl. It was like he didn't want her to have any friends.
Once she was settled in, Crystal finished her homework and logged into a chat room she often frequents. The others there knew her as "X-77". Over the last two months she had been talking to "Andy37". Nothing inappropriate, just friends. Beside her was the letter. A response to the one she sent to this one singer she loved and chose to reveal her secret to. For about an hour she chatted and then logged off.