
"Crystal, this is Andrew. He's filling in for Beth until a replacement can be found." Crystal looks at him inquisitively. Then she blushes and shakes his hand before leaving. Again, Andrew had that feeling they met before...could this be part of why he's here? He regains focus and gets back to the orientation.
Crystal sat crosslegged in a corner of the small sanctuary, cutting the flash paper into pieces. Her mind drifted back to the night before. Mom and step dad were at it again. All about her, how she spends more time at church than at home and all this. But he didn't have any say in what she did.
Her stepfather always had a hated for Cassie, Crystal knew it. Maybe because of the close relationship they had. Tears started to form, but she wiped them back. She had been moody lately and chalked it up to a recent adjustment to her bipolar medication.
But she knew why. Last year, he wanted her to do something totally inappropriate to him and threatened to tell if he did it again. Since then, things had been tense between them. She also thought of her sister, she couldn't leave home after graduation and leave Haley alone.
Things were getting desperate and she had chosen this topic of secrets and how confessing it can bring relief. Letting God help and all that. The group would each write their darkest secrets on the flash paper and greatest desires, but not to share with the others, then fold them up. Then they're placed in a pan, where they're lit with a match, making it disappear.
To Crystal, at least this way, someone would know, she thought, holding back the emotions best she could. That was becoming harder to do these days. Why would God allow things like this to happen? Where was justice?
She had finished by the time the others started coming in. Cassie and Andrew were finished prepping for the dinner and welcoming everyone before officially starting. About 12 (including Crystal) kids show up. Everything went well, but Crystal was on pins and needles when it came for her to take the reins. This was harder than being in stage doing a solo for a dance concert at school.
Everyone wrote on their slips and placed them in the pan. Her hand shook as she wrote on her slip. She could at least write it down in front of others and not let them know it. Crystal took the lighter and put it to the pan. In a flash it was gone, to her it felt like a burden lifted a little.
Gloria, unseen, watches on with a curious look. It grieved her to see someone so young worn out from unseen burdens. How can humans go on like this? She couldn't see what was written on her slip of paper, but the pain on Crystal's face said it all. Monica said this one was a lot like her, wonder what that meant?
Chapter Two
Monday arrives and it was the start of the rat race for Crystal. Arriving, she goes straight to her Special Needs counselor. Knocking on the door she expects Mrs. Lindsay to motion her in as usual because the light was on. Instead she gets a surprise.
Instead of the older woman with the blue glasses, she finds a red haired, slender, younger woman. Dressed in a light gray jacket, black shirt and jeans. "Hello, my name's Monica." She extends her hand to Crystal and motions her to sit down. Her Irish accent made Crystal feel at ease, in fact, she liked accents, as long as they're not so thick it's impossible to understand. "And I will be filling in for Mrs. Lindsay. She had emergency surgery and will be out for at least a month." She had that calm, soothing voice. "And you must be Crystal Grayson." They shook hands.
What drew Crystal's attention was the hair, that shade of red enthralled her. After a minute or two, she had to leave for her English class. Today it was "Frankenstein". She made everyone laugh when asked what came to mind about the book, she said "recycling". An answer nobody expected. Even dance class was more fun than usual. Plans for the winter show in mid-December had to start. The day went well and then she had to go to the nightmare called home. The one she shared with her mom, stepfather and baby sister.