
"I start thinking that I can't leave this whole situation I'm in. I'm stuck. No matter how hard I try, or how much help I get, I end up at square one." I slouched over, resting my elbows on my knees.
"I don't think any of this is helping." I looked up at Lauren, my counselor, who was watching me closely. She didn't speak or move, she sat there stiff almost like she was made of stone.
"I think we should end these sessions, it's clearly not helping."
"Logan," She said shifting in her chair, "You're here to get better, you know that, but if you keep making less of an effort, you're not going to get any better."
"Can I come back in a couple of months? I want to see how I'll do on my own, nothing personal. You're a great counselor and all, but I think I need my space. It brings me down when I have to talk about this stuff three times a week." My thumbs were circling around each other and my eyes watched them as they fought each other. I kept my eyes down at my hands until I realized it was silent.
"If you need your space then that's fine, but if you come back worse than before, I'll be seeing you more often and no breaks for your own space okay?" Her eyes looked directly into mine and I could tell she was being completely serious.
I nodded at her and walked out of her office. I reached the front of the building and got into my car which was parked across the street.
I got inside and reached for the glove compartment. I took out my cigarette box which felt empty. I opened it and saw it had one lonely cigarette left.
"Fuck," I hung the box upside down and let the cigarette fall into my palm. I pinched the cigarette between my lips and grabbed a lighter from my hoodie and lit the end of it.
I was not a major smoker, but I have never been sober for long. I had emergency cigarettes, which meant that I'd stash cigarettes in different spots around my room or my car so my parents won't confiscate them from me. They helped with my anxiety, which sounds stupid, but it was a way for me to release the anxiety or stress.
My parents do not like the smell it leaves on me and they always try to have those "smoking takes a year off of your life" talk which never works out.
I don't like to get caught smoking by my parents because I end up feeling like I'm disappointing them which is probably what really happens.
I started the car and drove to the nearest gas station to purchase more cigarettes.
***
The bell above the door rang as I opened it to enter the little drug store they had by the gas station. Before getting cigarettes, I went to the back of the store where they had the beverages.
I took out a Monster drink, quickly turned around and bumped into a much shorter girl.
"Sorry," We said almost simultaneously. I noticed that she had a ring piercing on the left side of her nose that twinkled from the lights of the refrigerator behind me.
She had a red beanie, a grey v-neck t-shirt, a black jacket, black jeans and black converse. The dark circles under her eyes told me she hadn't slept in a while.
I realized that I hadn't moved and she was staring at me as if she wanted me to move, which I did.
I walked to the register and asked for my favorite brand of cigarettes. I paid for everything and walked out the door that left a ringing sound behind me as I made my way out.