

Today was the day. Cancer research had reached it's final chapter. Three days ago, the group of scientists that had come up with the cure finalised the initial testings and this evening they would draw lots at random to pick the eight people who would try out the cure. People didn't know whether to wish to be picked or wish not to be picked. If the cure worked then you would be immune to all types of cancer, but if it didn't, nobody knew what would happen. "Time to go!" mum called nervously from downstairs. I paused the YouTube video I was watching (A WILD JACKSEPTICEYE APPEARS! | The Sims 4 - Part 24 if you must know) and headed downstairs. I didn't feel nervous or hopeful, I just felt like ... nothing. Everything that was about to happen seemed unreal ... like it didn't matter. Hopefully when I got there the sincerity would hit me.

I arrived at London square. Large banners stating "Southern England meeting point - cancer draw" hung across the area. A large crowd had gathered already even though it wouldn't be starting for another 15 minutes. A stage was at the centre of the crowd. Four men, middle aged and wearing lab coats like an everyday jacket, stood at the edges holding glass bowls containing loads of slips of paper (presumably everyone's names). A woman in a similar style of clothing stepped forward towards a microphone. "Is everyone ready?" she said in a calm yet purposeful voice. Everyone looked around but none had a reason not to proceed. "Can the first name from the 50+ category please be called." She began. One of the four men called, "John Harrison Plantley, 62, Cambridge." A man wearing a grey t-shirt and jeans with short salt and pepper hair emerged from the crowd and was directed to one of the eight seats in the centre of the stage."Can the second name from the 30 to 50 category please be called." The lady said, expressionless. "Jade Sidney Darrensgate, 32, Liverpool." Another man called. A woman emerged from the crowd and sat in the seat next to John. Next was Samuel Harvey Tennison from the 18 to 30 category. Then came my category, the under 18's. The last man opened his mouth and said, "(y/n), (y/a), (where you live)." My heart filled with fear. That was me.

The other 7 contestants and I were taken to a science lab where we were shown a man with short black hair, blue eyes and Latina skin. He was wearing a lab coat, a navy t-shirt with a pocket and army-green jeans with a brown belt. "Hello, my name is Henry Paxton and I will be administering you the cure. I am also the head of the team of scientist who developed the cure so I assure you, you are in safe hands. There are two ways in which we will give you the cure. One set of four will get an injection, and the other set will drink the cure." Before he could carry on, your mouth decided it had something to say, "I am NOT having an injection." You blurted. He looked at you kindly, "why not?" Henry asked. You took a deep breath, "I have a phobia of needles, I literally feel sick just thinking about then now." You shut your eyes trying not to throw up or cry. "Ok then, go and sit in the room to your left." He soothed. A few minutes later, 3 people from the 3 other categories walked in and sat next to me. About 5 minutes after that, Dr. Paxton walked in and handed us all small glasses of a vibrant blue, transparent liquid. "Drink up," he smiled, "in the morning come back and we'll check up on how your body responds to the cure. Ok?" we all drank the cure before heading home.
