
It had been hot, and humid in the desert were we dwelled. Not a cloud in the sky. An average day.
"Andy!" I hear my name screamed from a distance away.
Claire was the first person I thought of. I could recognize her voice anywhere.
I run off in the direction from where I heard her scream.
"Andy, where are you going?" Ashley asks.
"It's Claire, she's in danger. " I run for miles, not coming across anything but sand and stone. But as I continue running I see a black siloette lying on the ground.
As I get closer, I see her. Her red hair is stained with a darker red. Her body sprawled out on the desert floor, blood surrounding her.
I drop down by her side, and grab her hand. Teardrops start to fall down my face at a more rapid pace by the second. I bend down and kiss her pale cheek. And as I do, I hear a soft sniffling sound coming from her.
My heart skips a beat at the thought that she might be still alive. I pick her up gently, and run as swiftly as I can back to camp.
As I get closer, everyone starts running towards me, asking if Claire was all right, I didn't answer because I didn't know whether Jinxx could help her or not. I carry her to his tent and lie her on his bed.
"She's still breathing, can you do anything?" I ask him as he walks closer to me.
"I may be able to revive her, but I don't know. Her breathing is very weak, but I'll do what I can Andy. I know how much she means to you."
Hours pass as I sit waiting for any news on if Claire would be all right or not. If she was really dead, I didn't know what I would do. I thought of going to attack F.E.A.R. alone, but I knew that would just get me killed as well. And I knew she wouldn't want me to do something so stupid.
"Without her at least" I smile a bit at the thought.
Jinxx comes out of the tent with a grim look on his face. "I tried everything. But she's gone, I'm sorry Andy."
I sit there in silence, not believing what I'd just heard. She couldn't be gone. This was impossible. I get up and walk into the tent where she was lying on the ground, a sheet covering her body.
I kneel beside her and take the sheet off her head, revealing her cold but still beautiful face. Why did she have to be so stupid and go out alone? If she hadn't, she would still be here.
I lay down beside her and wrap her in my arms, Jinxx walks in but says nothing, knowing the pain I was in. He had done the same when Sammi had been killed. This wasn't fair.
As I lie there, I start to feel her chest move up and down. I sit up in amazement, and as I do I feel her grab my arm. Her eyelashes start to flutter as if waking up from a long sleep. Her eyes open and soon enough, her brilliant green eyes meet my blue ones.
"Andy..." She says softly.
"Claire...I thought I'd lost you." A few happy tears stream down my face, as I stroke her cheek.
Ashley walks in, as to comfort me and sees her alive. He runs back out and Jinxx returns with him.
"How is this possible?" Jinxx asks dumbfounded. He kneels down on the other side of her, and examines her. "She was dead five minutes ago. "
"I have absolutely no idea. I'm just as amazed as you are." A few tears still lingering on my face, myself smiling like an idiot.
"I love you." Claire says in a soft voice.
"I love you too. Just promise that you'll never go out alone like that again, I don't want to lose you."
"I promise."