
Sarah's POV
"Sarah! Sarah! Wake up! It's adoption day!" Mathew said." UHHH why do I have to it's not like anyone is gonna adopt me." I said. "Come on at least have some faith!" Mathew said. "Fine, fine I will get ready!" I said
15 mins later
Sarah came out wearing a minecraft shirt that said Herobrine and jeans and a blue hoodie.
My eyes changed colors. I have long brown hair that's goes down to my feet. "MATHEW!" I yelled. Mathew bolted up the stairs. "Please come help me!"I said. Mathew helped me braid my hair since the other girls don't like me. "CHILDREN COME DOWN ITS ADOPTION TIME!!!"yelled Miss.Calvert. Mathew and I ran down the stairs and got in line with everyone else.
Adams POVWe arrived at the orphanage just in time. Ian and Ty were helping me. We are looking for a 16-18 year old girl, who is energetic,happy, loves to play and hates squids. Ty, Ian and I walked in and got straight to work looking for girl.
Sarah's POV When I saw Adam and Ty and Ian walk in I was so happy. I felt my eyes change from grey to yellow. Ian walked over to me. "Hi what's your name?" Ian asked." Um....hi it's Sarah."I said. "Cool. I have a few questions first, do you like to game? Second, do you have any medical conditions and third what are your other hobbies?" Ian asked "Well I don't have medical conditions. I love to play games like minecraft and other games and my hobbies are draw,paint, hang with friends, read and practice gymnastics." I said. "Ok I think we know who we will adopt." Ian said. "Hey Ty and Adam I found someone!" Ian yelled to them. "Awesome let's adopt her then!" Adam said.
Ty's POVAfter we talked to the girl Ian found we decided it was her we would adopt. We walked over to the counter and told the lady who we would adopt. She handed us the papers and Adam filled them out. Then Adam told her to go pack her things.
Sarah's POV"OMG! I got adopted!" I said to Mathew."YAY! Who adopted you?" Mathew asked. "TEAMCRAFTED!" I yelled. " AWESOME!" Yelled Mathew." I'm gonna miss you." I said as I felt my eye color change to blue." I will miss you too but, don't worry we can always Skype ok?" Mathew said. "Ok. Well bye." I said. "Bye Sarah." Mathew said back.
I went upstairs and packed everything. I packed my sketch books my reading books and my 5 pairs of clothes. I walked down the stairs and gave Mathew a goodbye hug and then walked over to Adam. "Well LESSSGO!" Adam said. We walked out to the parking lot and got in the car. Adam was the driver and Ty was the passenger, while Ian and I sat in back.
Adams POV"Hey I never caught your name." I said. "Oh yeah. It's Sarah." Sarah said. "Cool." I said. I turned on the radio trying to break the ice. The car ride home was silent.
"Woah! It's huge!" Sarah said. "Well yeah." Ian said. We walked in and everyone yelled "WELCOME HOME!"..."OMG! Thanks guys I love it!" Sarah said. Everyone gave her presents and she loved them all. Afterwards I showed her to her room.
Sarah's POVEveryone gave me a bunch of presents. I loved them all. Then Adam showed me to my room. My room had blue walls and a rainbow colored bed. It has a desk with a laptop and a recording set. It had my own bathroom and a big dresser. I shooed the boys out so I could unpack I put everything away and then came back downstairs.
While I was gone they ordered pizza. We waited for about 15 mins and then the pizza came. We all chowed down. After we ate we watched a movie. It was The Avengers. Then it was time to go to bed. I headed upstairs and Adam tucked me in. "Goodnight Sarah" Adam said. "Goodnight Adam"I said, and then I fell into a deep slumber.
The next morning I woke up and went in my bathroom. I looked at myself. I had long silver hair instead of brown hair. "OH NOOO!" I screamed. I ran over to the door and locked it. "SARAH WHATS WRONG?? LET ME INNN!!!!!" Adam yelled. That was the last thing I heard before I blacked out.