
I kissed my fiancé, Caleb, goodbye as I lifted my suitcase off the floor. I was heading to Las Vegas for my bachelorette party, it was my last horrah, and I planned on a fun time.
"Why can't you just have a bachelorette party in town? Why Vegas?" he whined into my neck.
"Because I want to have fun! C'mon, don't you trust me?" I looked at him impatiently.
"It's just, I don't want anything to happen, Natalie. You know how it is there, people don't care what they do. I'm worried." He said sincerely.
"You know I'll be careful!" I told him. Why didn't he trust me?
"Okay, fine. But just please, can you take off your engagement ring? It's been in my family for generations, and I don't want you to lose it." He said.
"Caleb! Hell to the no! Why don't you trust me?" I was getting irritated.
"Please?" I gave him puppy eyes.
"Oh alright! But I swear to god please don't you lose it!"
I laughed. "I won't." He smiled.
"Okay babe I love you. I have to head to the airport. Bye." I kissed his nose and shut the door.
--
I walked into the airport to be greeted by my two best friends, Lily and Matty.
"Hey Natalie!" Lily greeted me over. "Okay, do you have everything? Phone? Keys? My god, did you close the garage door?" Matty questioned like a Jewish mother and I told her so.
"Alright do we have snacks, is there juice?" She said in a ridiculous mom voice. I laughed at her began to walk towards the wannabe Starbucks, I was so tired and needed a pick-me-up. Lily and Matty followed close behind, Lily flopping on a chair by a table and dropping her bags on the carpeted ground.
"I'll have a grande black coffee," I said to the barista, getting out my wallet as Matty ordered her coffee. "Lily, do you want anything?" I looked over to her slouching frame and she was practically dead. I laughed and have the barista my card.
Me and Matty walked over to where lily was sitting with our bags and dropped onto the chairs. I messed around on my phone until I looked at what time it was.
"It's 7, we'd better start heading to the plane," I yawned. That coffee did nothing but make me more tired. I picked up my suitcase and purse and we made our way to the plane.
My messy bun flopped to the side as I looked out the window to the just rising sun.
I gave the flight attendant my ticket and walked through the tunnel to the aircraft. I heard Lily's and Matty's footsteps close behind me as I walked onto plane and looked at my ticket for my seat.
I sighed as I realized that my seat was at the back of the plane, and way far from Lily's and Matty's.
"Great," I breathed as I stuffed my suitcase into the overhead compartment, making sure that I had grabbed my laptop.
I sunk into my seat, thanking God that I got the window seat, I couldn't stand being in the middle seat.
I plugged my headphones into my computer as I turned airplane mode on, my 'sleepy time' playlist flowing into my ears.
My eyes began to close and I looked out the window, the sun disappeared into rain clouds and drops of water pattered on my window.
I felt the engine of the plane rumble beneath me and I drifted off into a deep sleep.
(A/N): Okay so this fanfic is based off the movie "I married who?" so yeah, I kinda thought of this while on the toliet XD ~Mia