
"Babe I'm going to pick up Lauryn" I tell Harry.
"Alright. See you in a few" Harry said.
"What no kiss?" I pouted.
"Oh come here" Harry laughed. I walked toward Harry as he was doing the dishes. He turned around wrapping his arms around my neck as I set my hands on his waist. I leaned in and pressed my lips into his. Harry smiled but kissed back.
"I love you" I smiled.
"I love you too" Harry smiled and kissed me again.
"Alright let me go or I'll be late" I laughed.
"Okay, go on" Harry pecked my lips a few more times before going back to the dishes.
...
I waited outside the school
for Lauryn to come running in my arms.
As the doors open I see Lauryn running to me.
"Daddy!" she smiled.
"Hi baby" I kissed her head, "How was school?".
"It was good" she said, "pick up".
"Ready. Set. Jump" I said as I swung her around and placed her on my hip.
"Papa home?", Lauryn asked.
"Yeah he's home" I said and placed her in her seat.
"I draw something but it a surprise, okay?" she put her finger over her lip.
"Okay" I laughed than buckled her in. I jogged to the driver side hopped in. I put the car in drive and headed home.
*
Lauryn fall asleep on the way home. I smiled and picked her up. I closed the car door, heading towards the front door, I opened the door to see Harry on the iPad poking stuff.
I walked around the couch and placed Lauryn on couch. Slowly I took off her backpack and laid it down by the door.
....
Harry POV.
"I got it" I told Niall.
"Okay" he sighed. I picked up Lauryn and took her to her room.
"Niall" I called out.
"What?" he asked.
"I'm going out for a bit to see my mum and Gemma" I lied.
"Oh okay" he smiled. I pecked his lips and left.
*
I parked my car in Zayn driveway.
I knocked on the door and waited.
"Hey babe" Zayn smiled and kissed me. I kissed back but pulled away.
"We need to talk" I said.
"Yeah, come in" he said and I strolled inside to the couch.
"I've been thinking about this for a awhile..." I trailed.
"Go on" he said as he sat down.
"You know I have a daughter who is 5 years old..." I said and Zayn nods, "I don't technically think seeing you is a good idea. I have a beautiful loving boyfriend and a sweet innocent daughter to care for and I can't let them down. Zayn I love you and all but I can't do it".
"What the fuck, Harry! I thought we had something special!" Zayn yelled.
"Sorry! I'm not about to reck my future by dating you! I'm tired of hurting the people I love" I screamed, "don't contract me".