
Kyle sighed and said, "Victoria was throwing a fit...and she may have thrown a knife at my head." Avalon asked, "What did you do this time?" Kyle said, "I argued it wasn't fair that Reed was suggesting we have you locked up." Avalon rubbed her head and said, "It's hard to trust anyone these days." Kyle said, "I trust you...just not everyone else...except Silva." Avalon shrugged and said, "I guess." Kyle looked at her and Avalon said, avoiding the subject, "Anyways, I don't think that she's herself these days." Kyle nodded and said, "I think you're right."
Avalon looked at him and she asked, "Do you really think they're together?" Kyle said, "Probably not official, but yes." Avalon sat against the metal wall and said, "It was about time, anyways." Kyle smirked and said, "I didn't think you'd say something like that." Avalon said, "It's obvious." Kyle rolled his eyes a little and said, "Anyways...I'm heading to the training room for laser tag. Do you wanna come?" Avalon said, "Sure." Kyle smiled and said, "It'll be fun...and it'll clear your head." Avalon smiled and said, "I could use that."
Kyle nodded and then they stood up at the same time. Kyle asked, "How's your head?" Avalon said, "Better. Yours?" Kyle said, "Fine besides the panic of a knife getting thrown at my head and missed by three feet." Avalon said, "Victoria was really ticked off then." Kyle said, "Yeah, she was." Avalon shrugged and the doors opened. They walked out of the elevator and then they walked into a giant room with two-story walls and blacked out windows.
They walked to the counter and saw Cathy. She said, "Hey guys." Avalon asked, "Why are you up here?" Cathy shrugged and said, "They were short on staff today, so Jones is paying me to work here on my day off. I don't really mind it, though." Kyle nodded and said, "We're here to play laser tag." Cathy said, "Cool. Just sign the clipboard in front of you and go get your gear." They nodded and Kyle signed the board. Avalon did too, and they went to the room with their gear. They wore the special vest and grabbed their guns. Kyle set his to yellow, and Avalon's was set to purple. They walked outside and went down the hall to the entrance. When they opened the doors, they walked inside. Nobody was there. Kyle said, "We get ten seconds to run." Avalon nodded and they ran off. Kyle went right, and she went left.
As she ran, Avalon ran into a place with trees painted black with glowing red paint on it. She looked around nervously and saw more red pain that glowed. She started breathing heavy and kept going. She then saw green and orange paint too. When she saw the other colors, she relaxed. Then, she heard someone coming. She hid behind a block. She glanced up and saw Kyle climbing up a catwalk that had ropes hanging from it. He then ran cross and then Avalon watched him run to the other side and he hid behind something. Avalon started to wonder around the area until she saw a yellow light flash. She ducked down and ran for cover. Kyle called out, "Give up, Avalon. I'll destroy you." Avalon yelled, "In your dreams."
Then, she ran threw the barrels and boxes and other objects she couldn't identify to find a ladder. She noticed it was to the catwalk. She rushed up the ladder and hid behind a crate. She saw Kyle's yellow target move. She aimed and fired, and then his vest lit up and Kyle winced as he was shocked by the vest. Whenever someone was shot, they'd get shocked. When it was just the two of them, they played until the other got shot five times. Now, Kyle had four more lives. He yelled, "I'll get you for that, Aves!" She laughed coldly and then waited. When she ran to the catwalk, Kyle was standing at the other side of it. He ran to her and they pointed their guns at each other. Avalon said, "I'll shoot." Kyle said, "So will I."
Avalon asked, "What's it gonna be? Surrender, or be finished off?" Kyle smiled and said, "I have an idea." Avalon laughed and then she kicked his gun out of his hand and down below. Kyle cursed and Avalon asked, "What's it gonna be?" A voice said, "You're both dead." Avalon turned, and then a red laser shot her. She winced and held onto the railing that kept her from falling ten feet onto a mountain of random objects that could really hurt her. She looked to see Victoria holding a laser gun and wearing a red vest, and Silva with a gun and green vest.