
Avalon said, "If they knew the truth, they'd understand why I'm like this. It's not fair that everyone can see things in me that are true, but I just see a monster." Kyle said, "You're not a monster. You're a person. A very strong person with a hard and painful life. If they knew how it felt, they'd understand you so much better." Avalon said, "You're the only one who understands me." Kyle smiled and said, "Because I don't look at the surface, I look into farther than the surface. If someone took one look at you, they'd be afraid of you. If they knew you, they'd never fear you." Avalon said, "You were afraid of me." Kyle laughed and said, "That's because I know you will hurt me...just not enough to matter in my opinion." Avalon nodded shyly and looked at the ceiling. She said, "It feels like you've been here forever, ya know? I don't think I'd be this person without you." Kyle said, "Nothing's changed about you but your anger." Avalon laughed coldly and said, "I guess so."
Kyle thought about how she was when he first met her. She was very intimidating. Kyle could easily remember wondering if she would kill him in his sleep, which he doubted usually...but sometimes he really did fear her. Kyle said, "You're not so scary when you're happy." Avalon shrugged and said, "I guess." Kyle then noticed that her eyes were now bright and thoughtful. She looked as if she were in thought about something she couldn't fully understand. Kyle asked, "What are you thinking about?" Avalon sighed and said, "How I'm going to even pretend that I'm not totally insane." Kyle said, "You're not completely insane, Avalon. You're just different."
Avalon sighed and said, "Whatever." Kyle then felt a chill go down his body. He then saw the image of Avalon screaming and breaking down from the pain she seemed to be in. He saw how cold and dead her eyes were. Kyle blinked and heard Avalon asked, "Are you okay?" Kyle nodded and said, "Yeah." Avalon asked, "What's wrong?" Kyle said, "Nothing." Avalon sat up and said, "Tell me." Kyle sighed and said, "I just know that you're in a lot of pain...or you will be." Avalon shivered and asked, "Are you sure you're not insane?" Kyle said, "I am, but when I see something, it happens almost every time unless I stop it." Avalon asked, "What can you see?" Kyle sighed and said, "Your nightmares, when you're about to wake up screaming, and when something important happens." Avalon asked, "What about my nightmares?"
Kyle sighed and said, "I see you flipping out about everyone dying. Usually me, Silva, Victoria, Doc, and Reed are the dead people. Zero is usually there or Vence or someone else." Avalon shivered and said, "It's scary that you can see all that." Kyle looked at her and said, "It doesn't scare me much...unless you get killed." Avalon's eyes widened. She asked, "Why when I die?" Kyle said, "Because you're my best friend. I won't want to see you hurt or killed. It's not right." Avalon said, "It makes sense."
Kyle nodded and avoided her gaze.You don't know the half of it, Avalon. You really don't, Kyle thought. Avalon yawned and said, "I'm bored." Kyle said, "Maybe you should talk a little more about your brain." Avalon sighed and said, "I guess so." Kyle asked, "When's the last time you had real sleep?" Avalon said, "Last night. A week ago...and a week before that." Kyle said, "You should be on sleeping medication." Avalon said, "Doc says I don't need the medication. I need to relax and whatever." Kyle said, "Either way, you still need some sort of medication." Avalon rolled her eyes and then said, "You wish."
Kyle then felt his watch vibrate. He looked at the main screen and saw it was a message from Kate. "How are you and your love bird doing?" Avalon asked with a smirk. Kyle said bitterly, "She's just my friend." Avalon laughed and said, "Yeah, sure." Kyle sighed and then said, "Whatever." He turned off the main screen and looked at Avalon. He then saw the image of her crying suddenly appear to mind with an orange glow against her. Kyle blinked and then looked at Avalon. He asked, "Are you sure you're okay?" Avalon nodded and said, "Yeah. Why?" Kyle said, "No reason." Avalon nodded and leaned back. She looked up again at the ceiling and said, "I don't know how long this boring crap is going to go on." Kyle said, "It'll be over with soon enough. I know it will be."