
The next morning, Kyle was in his apartment and was sitting in the living room. Then, he heard a soft knock on his door. He stood and opened the door. He saw Avalon, who looked sickly and weak, standing against the doorway. Kyle said quickly, "You should be resting." Avalon said, "I can't just lie around all the time." Kyle helped her inside and shut the door. Avalon sat down on the couch and Kyle sat beside her. He asked, "What's going on?" Avalon said, "You know I need help." Kyle said, "You're going to have to be more specific about what kind of help." Avalon rolled her eyes and said, "About my PTSD."
Kyle blinked and looked at her. She hadn't really talked about it but with Doc, and suddenly, she just brought it up. Kyle asked, "Are you okay?" Avalon slapped his arm and he winced. She said, "I'm being serious." Kyle rubbed his arm and nodded. He asked, "What do you wanna do about it?" Avalon sighed and said, "I know I'm going to get locked up, Kyle." His heart did a backflip. Why was she saying things like that?
"What are you saying?" Kyle demanded.
"I'm saying that I should turn myself in."
"ARE YOU INSANE?!"
"Hey! Don't yell at me...and I am insane!"
"Too insane to do this!"
"It's for the best, Kyle! If one more thing happens to anyone...I don't know what I'll do or what I'll become."
Avalon looked angry. Kyle growled, "You can't do that." Avalon stood and asked, "Why not?" Kyle hissed, "Because once you leave, you'll never come back!" Avalon said, "I don't care anymore! I turned you insane, and now I'm going to do myself and you a favor! The world will be happier!" Kyle pulled out his dart gun and aimed at her. He said, "Stop it, Avalon." Avalon shivered and asked, "What are you doing?" Kyle said, "One more word like that and I'll fire and turn you into Doc right now."
Avalon barked, "Do it!" Kyle then realized she wouldn't let him hurt himself. Kyle put his gun up and pulled out the real one. Avalon's whole body seemed to turn pale as he did so. Avalon said lowly, "Kyle..." He aimed at himself and Avalon's whole body started shaking. She lunged at him and threw him onto the floor. She managed to get the gun away from him and pin him down to the ground. Avalon said darkly, "Kyle!" He said, "It's the only way to make you stop." Kyle saw Avalon's eyes turn broken like glass. She knew how he felt when she talked about turning herself it. It was like if he said he'd kill himself or turn himself in.
Avalon said, "Never do that again." Kyle said, "Only if you promise me you won't turn yourself in." Avalon shook her head and it hung above Kyle's chest. Kyle said softly, "If you ever threaten or say that again, I'll do it." Avalon shook her head and said in a broken voice, "No...Please." Kyle nodded and Avalon said, "Thank you." He nodded and she stood up. Kyle stood beside her and Avalon looked at him. She smacked him on the cheek and Kyle hissed, "What the heck?" Avalon said, "That's for threatening to kill yourself." Kyle sighed and Avalon said, "Never do it again." Kyle nodded and Avalon asked, "Now, can we talk? I would talk to Doc, but he really ("P")es me off."
Kyle nodded and they sat on the couch. Kyle and Avalon both faced each other. Avalon said, "This whole thing is ticking me off." Kyle said, "Yeah, and it's not fair. He knows what you've been threw." Avalon said, "I know and you do, but everyone says it's not an excuse and that I should be better than that." Kyle frowned and Avalon said darkly, "They don't understand anything, and they pretend to care, but they don't. It's like they're throwing knives at my face and in my back at the same time. One throws them at my face while the other throws one in my back." Kyle understood her point. It was how it seems. Silva and Victoria both seemed to be on her side, but they'd stab her in the back later and then stab her in the face with everything she hates about herself.