
Kyle asked, "What are you doing, Victoria?" She said, "Practicing for when she loses her mind." Avalon gulped and Kyle ran past her as Victoria lunged at him. When she did, Avalon was thrown onto the metal catwalk. She winced as she stood and she saw Kyle's gun. She went to get it to the left, but Silva grabbed her arm. He pointed at her target and said, "Not so fast." Avalon gulped and Silva said, "We're playing against both of you." Avalon swung at his head and he grabbed her fist. He pushed her against the railing, but she fell backwards.
She fell onto a crate and it smashed on impact. When she heard Kyle call her name, but she was trying to shake off the pain in her head. She managed to grab her gun and get up.
At the same moment, Kyle was fighting Victoria. He looked down into the blackness and didn't see Avalon's neon target or anything. He looked at Silva and he ran to the ladder. Victoria punched Kyle in the head and he leaned against the railing, trying not to fall off. He ran to the other side and to the ladder as Silva searched where Avalon could've been. Kyle raced down the ladder and looked around. He ran and then saw a bright purple target. He ran to Avalon and she handed him his gun. Kyle asked lowly, "Are you okay?" Avalon nodded and said, "Yeah, the crate broke my fall." Kyle gulped and then he heard Silva yell, "Come out and play, guys!" Kyle hissed, "Run!" Avalon nodded and they ran to another area where hardly any paint was, just darkness. Kyle and Avalon crouched down behind a tower of barrels.
Kyle whispered, "Let's wait." Avalon nodded and then, Victoria's voice called, "Come out and die!" Then, Avalon felt her heart jump. She gasped and saw the image of Victoria holding a gun to her head and saying, "Time to die...old friend." Then, Avalon started shaking and Kyle asked, "What's wrong?" Avalon just took off running into the open. Kyle was shocked. Avalon yelled, "I'm right here!" Then, he saw Victoria and Silva run towards her, and she ran off. Kyle cursed and ran after them, but then he heard something unusual. He heard Avalon wincing in pain. Kyle felt rage fill his veins and he ran towards the area. Then, he saw Avalon on the ground, gasping for air. Then, Victoria aimed at him and shot him, but this shot was intensified from the original setting. He growled in anger as the shocks sent him onto the floor. Then, he saw Victoria lift up Avalon by her vest and throw her against a crate. Avalon winced and growled, "I'll kill you." Victoria smiled and she aimed at her target. So did Silva. Then, they both shot her at the same time. She yelled in pain. Kyle then rose to his feet and lunged at Victoria and Silva. When he did, he took their guns and fired at them until they were squirming on the ground, gasping for air.
They both stopped howling in pain and anger by then. Kyle ran over to Avalon and she was shaking. Kyle looked at her and he saw her dark eyes seem lighter and wider than before. Avalon said lowly, "I'm okay." Kyle said, "No, you're not." Then, Avalon slowly stood and then, Victoria yelled from the floor, "Die!" Avalon winced and then started shaking again. Then, Victoria stood and grabbed her gun from off the floor. She aimed at Kyle and said, "I'll make you pay for that." Kyle gulped and then when she pulled the trigger, Avalon pushed him aside and took it. She screamed in pain and fell onto the ground. Silva rose up again and aimed at her.
Kyle looked at Victoria and growled, "Die!" Then, he shot her for the fifth time and she fell onto the ground, and she was turned into a robot with a vest on. Kyle said, "I don't know why they turned into killers, but this isn't cool." Avalon said, "It's training, not fun. They were sent probably by someone with the controls." Kyle nodded and said, "Let's go." Avalon said, "Not until we terminate the other one." Kyle nodded and then Silva shot Avalon. She howled in pain and Kyle shot him twice. Then, Silva fell onto the floor as the cyber-mask disappeared and he was now just a robot. Avalon gasped for air and Kyle got on his knees beside her.