
He helped her sit up and she was shaking. Kyle asked, "What's the matter?" Avalon shivered and said, "They were so real." Kyle said, "Yeah, but that's why they're robots." Avalon shook her head and Kyle asked, "You okay?" Avalon said, "I saw her. She...she was going to kill me." Kyle asked with shock, "Who? Victoria?" Avalon nodded and Kyle said, "No way, Aves. She'd never hurt you." Avalon looked hurt and confused. Kyle said, "Come on, let's go."
Avalon shook her head and Kyle sat beside her. Avalon's breathing started to get heavy, so she pulled out a gun from her pocket. Kyle grabbed her hand and said, "No, Avalon. Don't." She said, "I'll be okay. Just carry me to my apartment and tell them I got knocked out by a training robot when I fell off the catwalk." Kyle said, "You know what it'll do to you." Avalon said, "I know...but I'm on the verge of a panic attack...I do this when I have no choice." Kyle shook his head and then he took the gun from her. He stood and Avalon kicked his hand. Kyle winced and the gun fell to the ground. Avalon quickly grabbed it and pointed it at herself. Then, the gun fired and a dart landed into her shoulder. She gasped just before she couldn't move.
Kyle leaned down to Avalon and he said, "I hope you realize what you've done." He saw the look in her eyes. She knew it and Avalon didn't care. He carefully pulled out the dart that was in her shoulder. Kyle sighed and picked her up. Her head rested against his shoulder. Kyle sighed and said, "I never get used to this." Then, he walked out with her. He put the gear away and rushed out before anyone saw him. Kyle glared at Avalon, who was probably exhausted. Kyle sighed and looked at the doors to the elevator. Kyle didn't think of anything but how much pain she must've been in to be willing to shoot herself...but Avalon was strong and irrational in her own way. For her, it was a good idea.
Kyle could feel her slow breathing against his shoulder. Kyle thought about her warm breath that blew against his shoulder. I can't understand how she can be so harmless right now...and become a killer full of bloodlust, he thought. Then, he looked down and realized she was sound asleep. Kyle smiled and the doors opened moments later. He walked out of the elevator and walked to Avalon's apartment. He unlocked the door and went inside. He turned on the lights and went to her bedroom. Kyle put her down carefully and looked down at her. She looked pale and exhausted. Kyle sighed and he thought about how tired and horrible she'd feel in the morning. But, as he stood there, he could already see in his mind her nightmares. He winced as the images of blood and dead bodies filled his vision. He backed into the wall and slid down as he heard Avalon's screams inside his head.
He saw Avalon screaming and crying as blood covered her body from the blood of her friends that were lying on the floor. Kyle blinked and caught his breath. He crawled over to where Avalon was and he said, "I'm sorry, Avalon. I know it hurts, but I promise, it'll go away." Then, he heard her whimpering and her body started shuttering. This isn't her fault, and she's suffering because of what happened...because of her pain...she can't make peace with herself. She can't even stop screaming when she's just seeing a nightmare,Kyle thought in a very depressing and sad way. Kyle took her hand and then he saw images of pain and suffering. He even saw her drowning. He shook his head and then said, "It's not real, Avalon." He saw her look around in the dark waters and he said again, "Stop being afraid. It's the past." He then saw her start screaming in what sounded like anger. Kyle said lowly, "Just relax." He then noticed Avalon's fighting get worse against the darkness. Kyle blinked into reality and wondered what he could do.
Then, he noticed Avalon looked in pain. He said softly, "I'm here for you. Whether or not anyone else is, I am." He took her hand again and saw the image of her lying in a bed of white roses under a blue moon above her. She was sound asleep, and she wore all black. Kyle smiled and blinked. He said softly, "You're improving, Avalon. Little by little." He stood and turned off the lights when he left her apartment.