
"We have no choice, Avalon."
"That's not fair!"
"Look, we just can't let you continue to suffer in your condition."
"I don't care! My condition doesn't matter!"
"Yes it does."
Avalon's fist slammed onto Doc's desk. She was furious. She hissed, "My condition is not the problem with me!" Doc said with a sigh, "I have to have you studied in isolation here at CPC; otherwise, you're going to get worse. This is to prove that you can handle being locked up without trying to break out." Avalon yelled, "You can't do that!" Doc gave her a sad look. He didn't have a choice. Reed was trying to convince the council that she was too unstable to handle her job at all. Avalon wanted to prove her wrong.
Doc said, "I can't stop this, Avalon. This is just how it has to be." She yelled, "Stop this madness! You're sanefor crying out loud! Why are you doing this?" Doc said, "I have no choice." Avalon screamed, "Yes you do!" Doc jumped when she screamed at him. Doc saw the anger and hate in her eyes. He said in a low and sad voice, "I'm sorry." Avalon cursed again and she punched the desk and this time, her hand made a popping sound, and so did her wrist. She winced and cradled her arm to her chest. Doc then noticed the blood on the desk and noticed her knuckles were bleeding. Avalon turned away and hissed, "Fine! Do whatever!" She slammed the door behind her with her good arm. She went to the elevator and hit the button.
For the past four months, things have been too tense and too stressful. For Avalon, that's how she felt most of the time. Due to her PTSD, she finally gave in to her insanity. She stopped fighting once again. Since the incident of roof, CPC has split up the criminals from the mentally inside. Now, not from the CPC tower, there were two buildings that divided the criminals and the mentally insane. Sadly, most of the cells were taken out but two floors and the isolation chambers. The other floors in CPC were used for more space, offices, storage, a training simulator, laser tag used for training, and a gym.
Sadly, though, Avalon still felt as if nothing changed. That Zero, Vence, Carver, or George were still alive and not turned to ashes after they were killed by Avalon and Kyle. It made Avalon shiver to think about it. It made her wonder how Kyle could sleep at night after that afternoon...after everything that happened in the month that he was there. She wondered why he stayed at all when he could've been just a prisoner of CPC and been safe or killed himself...why did he live on or keep himself as an agent? It made Avalon wonder sometimes why he hung around at all. It didn't make sense at all. It made no sense to Avalon. But then again, some things never made sense to her.
As Avalon stood in the elevator to her apartment floor, she wanted to know more about the truth. She wanted answers. She waited as the elevator rose to her floor. She shivered, seeming to feel as if she were about to be in danger. She was cautious when the door to the elevator open as a shadow ran into her. Avalon was thrown into the metal wall in the elevator. She cursed as she fell onto the floor and opened her eyes after she shut them from the pain in her head. Then, she heard a voice wince and then movement came after. Avalon's eyes flew open as she bolted up. She looked to see a person wearing all black with a hood over the person's head, which was face down. Avalon ripped the hood off their head and saw short black hair.
She hissed, "Kyle!" He groaned and sat up slowly. He rubbed his forehead. Then, Avalon heard voices. Kyle hit the button to another floor randomly and he asked, "Are you okay?" Avalon rubbed the back of her head and said, "You threw me into a metal wall. What do you think?" Kyle sighed and Avalon asked, "Did we head-butt each other?" Kyle said, "No, we both hit the metal wall...but I was forehead first." Avalon frowned and the doors to the elevator closed. Avalon asked, "Why did you just run into an elevator randomly?" Kyle rubbed his forehead and said, "No reason." Avalon said bitterly, "Tell me."