
the picture on this chapter is zoe's house she lives on her own!


Zoe's pov (point of view)

Ever since i was 5, Louis Tomlinson has been my best friend, then because of me doing ever so well on YouTube i got to interview One Direction, that was 4 months ago, yes i know but i have been debating over if i should tell you viewers  at home for a long time now.

I stopped the video, i had a lot to edit out! Joe was coming over today, so i had to tidy and clean my house, also had to go shopping for food! Its 11 am and i have  only filmed a video, i woke up put a decent top on and a beanie and just filmed a video. i decided to have a shower so i got undressed and jumped in. After my shower i got dressed in a cute jumpsuit and did my hair into a side fishtail braid. I then did my make up. half an hour later i was ready to go! i got into my car. parking back into my parking space in my house my phone starts ringing, i answer it, "hi chummy how are you" good thanks Zoe, Darcy wants a party so do you want to come over on Saturday. Well its Thursday today so yeah sure, joe's coming over from london today so i will ask him if he wants to come!!
I have to go though as i have to tidy and clean my house. ok chummy have fun cleaning BYE!! LOVE YOU. LOVE YOU TOO CHUMMY BYE. putting the phone down i rushed inside and unpacked all the food i bought for Joe and me! I then went to my utility and got out all the cleaning stuff as it was 2pm and Joe is getting here at 4 ish. After 10 minutes i got bored so i went to my iphone 6 and turned on loudest one direction ACT MY AGE!!! i carried on cleaning untill i realised i had finished the whole house.

I ran downstairs and put the cleaning stuff away looked at the time, i cant believe its 3:50, 10 minutes till Joe could be here. I sprinted upstairs and chucked on a stylish dress and re did my make up, to a sassy look. DING DONG!! DING DONG!! perfect timing. I ran down stairs and flung open the door!! JOSEPH SUGG!! ZOE SUGG!! ZOELLA!! THATCHER JOE!! W e collapsed in laughter!!

thanks for reading my first chapter, im going to be uploading whenever im free!! All these idears in this story is from my two best friends brooke and jordan they know who they are, i would put there last name but because of privacy im not but they know who they are so HI!!

