
I slid into the front seat and sighed. "Oh no. That's no fun. But maybe it's because some children could be allergic. Like you and peanut butter." I explain. "That could be why. But I bet they were really pretty."
Mary nods and opens her mouth to say something more but is interrupted by my phone ringing. "Hold on baby girl." I smile as I answer the phone. "Regina Mills, how may I help you?" I ask, balancing my phone between my ear and shoulder.
"Regina." Ava mumbles. "Regina can you do me a huge favor?"
We had become friends after the divorce of Leo. Mary was no longer able to see her father and we figured that Mary needed us to be happy, not bickering. And after a while, we began to actually get along with each other.
"Of course, Ava. What can I do?" I ask, patting Mary's knee.
"I have a... Situation at the house. Could you keep Mary until I come get her?" She asks, voice shaking a bit.
My heart clenched. "Ava what's wrong?" I ask, my voice getting low.
There was silence. "Nothing. I'm fine. Just please keep Mary?" She asks. "Everything is okay. I promise. Please?" I sigh and nod.
"Okay. Okay. Can you talk to her for a bit?" I ask before handing the phone back to Mary. "Baby? Mommy wants to talk to you for a bit okay?"
Mary smiles and takes the phone, rattling on and on to her mother as I drove home. Well... Sort of.
Since I moved out of Leo's house, I moved in to the top floor the B&B here in town. My good friend Ruby's grandmother ran the business and was happy to help me out. And it was nice to always be with two caring people. They lived in the little guest house around back and we're always there for me. I agreed to help out around the place when j was free as some of my payment.
"Reggie?" Mary asks sweetly as I park the car in my usual place. "Reggie why are we at your place? Aren't we going to mommy's?"
I shake my head as I slip out of the car. "No baby. Mommy has some big girl stuff she needed to do so you're staying with me! Like a sleep over!" I say cheerily. I didn't want her worrying. "It'll be fun."
I help her out of the car and grab my bags. "Will you please open the front door?" I ask Mary. She nods and opens the door. She and Ava had been over a few times so Mary knew the place well. Plus, Granny was a good friend of Ava's.
"Heeeeellllooooo?" She calls as I stumble in after her.
"Shh, Mary." I warn. "They may have guests. We don't want to disturb him." Mary gasps and nods, covering her mouth. "Let's go put these bags up and then we can come back down and see where everyone is." I suggest, leading her up the stairs.
"Reggie am I going to school tomorrow?" Mary asks as I open my door and set down my things. She twirled in a circle, watching her feet.
I laugh at the question and tilt my head. "No. Remember? It's fall break starting tomorrow." I walk into my closet and kick off my shoes.
"Oh yeah." Mary nods, racing after me. "Do I get to go to work with you?" She asks happily.
I turned around and patted her head. "Yes you do." I raise an eyebrow and kiss her head. "But you've got to get your homework done first before we play." Mary groans and stomps her little feet.
"You're supposed to be the cool one!" She whines, taking my hand as we walked back down to the main floor. I gasp in mock surprise, twirling her around before setting her in the chair behind the desk.