
The clock on the other side of my office chimed. 1:40. I cleared my throat and stood up, shutting the computer down and filing away the last of my paperwork for the day. My voice filled the small room as I sang softly to myself.
"Ms. Mills?" There was a knock at the door that stopped me from making noise. My partner, Emma Jones, stood at the open door.
I roll my eyes at her remark and continue to hum. "Yes?" I call as I grabbed my purse and keys. "Mrs. Jones?" I turn to face her, seeing the envelope in her hands. "What's this?"
Emma grins. "The formal invitation to Killian's surprise party for when he comes home." Emma explains, helping me with my things as she closes the door behind me.
"Follow me out to the car, will you? I've got to pick up Mary from school." Emma nods and follows me out to my BMW 2015 convertible. I unlock the door before sliding my bags into the back seat. "So the party?" I ask, turning around.
Emma beams as she held the envelope out to me. "He's coming home next week and I'm throwing a big party." She explains.
"Well I know that, Emma." I laugh dryly. "Aren't I still in charge of the sweets?" Emma nods and sighs.
"Good point. But I just wanted to give you a formal invitation." I smile happily and take the envelope from her. "Thank you. I'll be there."
I turn to leave but Emma grabs my wrist. "Regina?" She asks. "Are we still on for lunch tomorrow? For planning?"
The car door unlocks as I slide in. My sunglasses fall into place before I roll the windows down. "Of course! We're in work together. Just call me. I have a client at 11:00." I wink and wave, Emma doing the same thing.
With that, I pulled out of the lot and down the street to Cheatam Elementary. It was 2:15 which was 15 minutes before school was released.
On Tuesdays and Thursdays I picked my step-daughter up from school and dropped her off at her mothers around 3:00. I had divorced Leo three years ago after I found out about his overwhelming alcohol addiction. I should have seen it before then but I didn't.
Ava, Mary's actual mother, had been very kind and understanding when Mary said she wanted to see me still. So I picked her up from school sometimes or took her and Ava out for lunch.
My car beeped, signaling me that it had locked as I walk to the entrance of the school. "Good afternoon, Ms. Mills." The principle, Belle, greeted. I smile politely and take my seat along with the other mothers waiting to pick up their children.
The bell rings and within 3 minutes, children flooded the halls. I stand up and adjust my purse, swaying from one heel to the other.
I had always hated this. All the mothers in this town wore jeans and shirts; not even blouses. Most of them didn't work or worked too much to care. And then there was me. Styled hair, sharp makeup, a slim fitting red dress and black heels. I was the odd one out.
I had been in this town for a while but I was originally from a big city. I guess the style stuck with me over the years.
"Reggie!" My attention turned to the little shriek to my left as Mary raced my direction. She had a light purple jumper on with little frilly socks and sweet little white Keds.
Mary ran straight into my legs, almost knocking me over. Her arms wrapped around my waist as mine wrapped around her tiny form.
"Hey kiddo!" I kiss the top of her head before taking her hand. "How was class today?" I ask.
Mary skips beside me as I lead her to the car. "Good!" She giggled I buckled her in. "Today I picked flowers during recess but I wasn't allowed to bring them back in." Mary explains as her little legs swung.