
Mary yawns and groans. "What if I can't sleep?" She whimpers. I sigh and rub her cheek gently. This sweet girl made my day every time I saw her. I wish I could do better for her, but hats what Ava was for. And I was thankful that she shared this precious piece of light with me. It'd be as close as I ever got to anything if this manner.
"Then I'll sing to you when I come back. But please try for me to sleep on your own?" I kiss her head and hum a soft lullaby before standing.
The stairs creak under my feet as I quietly walk down to the main kitchen. The door was already which made me tilt my head. I cautiously walk in and see the lamp by the dining table. There was a stack of staffed paper. Some of it had notes scribbled on it. I lean over and take the first paper gingerly in my hands.
It was an interesting piece. I quietly began to sing the notes written as I moved closer to the light.
I used to sing when I was younger. Before my father died. He used to tell me my voice sounded like the best music he had ever heard. That he would pay millions just to listen to me. Anything he could do to support me would be done.
But that was before he was murdered, before my mother was locked away.
Now I just sang softly to myself or to Mary. Other than that, the only thing that escaped my lips were words.
Slow clapping jerked me back to my senses, making me whirl around. Chills rose on my arms as Robin stood in the doorway in only pajama bottoms.
"I thought there was no music after 8:00." He jokes, walking closer. "You can sing."
I shake my head and set the music down, moving quickly to the fridge. I was so humiliated. Not only had he heard me sing but j was in my silk nightgown in front of a man I had never seen before!
"I only wanted to see what it sounded like." I explain, grabbing two water bottles. "That's all. It's a good piece. Is it yours?" I ask as he nods.
"Yeah. I've been working on it for a while." He explains, stacking the papers. "And you can sing. You just hide it."
I blush and shake my head. "You must be very tired." I retort. "I can't sing. Now if you'll excuse me, my... I have someone I need to tend to." I stutter.
"Your daughter?" He asks patiently, obviously not getting that I was trying to get away.
My heart clenched and I shook my head. "No. Not anymore. Not ever. She's... She's very close to me. Her mother needed tonight to herself so Mary is with me." I say quickly. "Not that you needed to know."
Robin chuckles and shakes his head, clicking off the lamp. The kitchen went completely dark, making me huff in frustration.
"goodnight to you too, miss...?" He leaves his statement hanging. I roll my eyes and laugh.
"You should try a B flat instead of the F sharp in the tenth measure." I call over my shoulder as I walk back up to where Mary awaited, leaving Robin hanging.
A/N: hey guys! I hope you like this and continue to read it! Let me know if you have any suggestions!!!