
Five hundred days.
It's going to take five hundred days for everyone to die. At least, that's what those stupid believers think. Well, that's what I know, but those stupid believers only tell us it's the end. Not enough to say we'll all die. The people we fight so hard to protect are the people who are feeding us lies. And while there is some truth, it isn't enough to provide salvation for everyone.
They're probably just keeping information for themselves. Hiding like the cowards they are. Pretending to be what they aren't: Leaders. But isn't that the definition of pretending?
Those 'saviors' will kill us all.
But I can't say anything like that.
After all, I am one of the idiots who works for them. Or will.
At least I'm granted protection and food. Actual food, not just basement-produced meats with no nutritional value. But even though I'm granted protection, I have to survive first, which probably won't be easy, but you'll understand soon enough.
I've heard what these training camps do. We'll learn more about the truth than the lies, but at the same time we'll be put through tests of great endeavors.
If I do this, I'll be an asshole. I'll be just like everyone else. That's what people will think of me, but they should know that's not the reason I'm there.
I have a choice: One, being arrested by the Military, or Two, joining the Military. I've committed acts I know I shouldn't have, but it was because no one was going to help us survive.
Eventually, I'll return home, I'll help everyone live the life they should on the inside, and maybe I'll help those on the outside.
Though I know no one on the outside is probably alive.
I take one look back, and I just stare. No expression on my face as I'm pushed along with the rest of my trainees. All of them think I'm horrible for what I've done, but all of them don't want me to go. They took off my handcuffs not too long ago, when I was escorted here, from the South Section on a train to the outskirts of the Center Section.
And I know that they know who I am.
They're much taller than me, even the girls, and a lot muscular than lean. I'm particularly short, with the strength to probably beat three of these guys at once if I had to and I was feeling at my best.
I hope they're not too fooled with my appearance. I might look like an adorable, little girl, but I can still kick ass.
"Everyone, single file line!" A large man, the commander, I think, shouts.
I take a walk to the left and the guy behind me, obviously taller, glares at me while he moves to the right.
I don't think they know why we're all here. Let me explain something to you. This is the military, and this military is not a very good one, and I have to be here, but of course I have other motives.
This new military both protects the people from the outside and the inside. On the inside of the wall, there's another group that wants power and promises people that they'll find out more of what's going on than our actual military now. That group are the insurrectionists, the Surges, they're called.
And then the outside of the wall, where all of the deranged animals go. Where everyone outside of the wall that didn't make it are probably mauled by all of the fast evolving animals. One dog can have no hesitation to kill you, even though, before Day One, I had a dog.
And that Dog was probably my best friend...Before it tried to kill me, and I tried to kill it.