
"I was already in that part of Virginia when they started evacuating. I mean, school was still going on for us, and I didn't know what was going on when they were building walls. I didn't really think that it would take only seventy days to build a wall so big, but they did it. I mean, everyone fifteen and above had to help, and I did my part, so...I guess..." Greg explains. "But, some of my family in the other part of Virginia didn't make it in time."
"My mom was a doctor in Michigan and they needed more Doctors, so we were needed in the wall." Sammy then says. "I don't know what that...thing was that ate my Dad...but it looked like my Dog, I swear it did. I can't look at animals the same way ever again."
"Pssh...you guys and your stories, I swear your dramatizing them." Natalie rolls her eyes. "When I got here, they were just evacuating people in Pennsylvania into the Wall."
"Sure." Kurt then rolls his eyes. "What about you, Peyton?"
I put down my fork. "It's simple, really. I was already living in Kentucky at that time. I was fourteen when the walls were being put so I didn't really need to help, I just kept asking myself the same question, 'why are we doing this.' Then I realized what the rest of the world was and I just stuck to that."
"Oh."
Sammy looks up, "Do you think...that there's another wall? Maybe in California?"
"Probably not." I say. "In which case, we'd probably not be starving. You know, things to trade, ideas as well."
"I heard we have to fight insurrectionists as well." Greg sighs. "I don't know who I'd rather fight. I think it'd be better to fight the Insurrectionists than the Animals."
"Man, I miss the taste of meat." Kurt sighs. "I would join the Outsider's Branch just to kill those animals and later eat them."
"If you don't die, that is." Natalie jokes.
"What do you think is going to happen on the five hundredth day?" Sammy asks.
"Death, probably." I explain. "The Animals would probably get stronger and eat us. Foils your plan to eat them, right?"
Kurt sighs and then chuckles, putting down his glass of water. "What kind of hell have you been through to be this dark?"
"None." I answer truthfully. "You don't need to go through hell to be aware."
"Huh." He chuckles. Everyone starts to get up to throw away their food. "You're definitely something, aren't you, Peyton?"
I don't answer him, I just look up and sort of glare, being the last one to put away my tray. These people aren't so bad, but I wouldn't go as far to say that we're friends, at least, not yet.
Then it became time to sleep, and those girls from the North section started chuckling to each other, probably about me that is. They think I'm a criminal. What they don't know is that becoming a soldier in this army is just like becoming a criminal.
Still, I don't know who to hate more, the Military, or the Insurrectionists, the Surges, they call 'em.
Just before I could reach the South Section, one of them laughs really hard just to spite me, but I keep walking anyway. They know what I've done, I'm sure. Most Northerners are pretty rich, anyway. They're basically just like the Center people, except they don't do a damn bit of work. It pains me to say this, but the Center people do work, they just don't share most of it.
Only to the military.
I hate those Northerners so much.