
Finally, one of them approaches me and hits her entire body on my back, even though she's much taller.
"Hey, for a criminal, you're pretty short. What'd you do, huh? Prostitution?" She smirks.
"Nah, she's too ugly for that." The other one teases, and I still look straight ahead.
"You're right. Come on, tell me, what did you do?" The rest of the surrounding people look at us, and then I catch Blaise's eyes on me. I catch all of my...I guess...acquaintances eyes on me.
I didn't answer, and started walking again.
Another girl walks in front of me. "Come on, tell me you little shit!"
"Or are you afraid?" Another one, starts.
"Stop putting on this act, we know who you are!"
"Just tell us, little girl!" Now all four of them surround me. "Quit acting like you're so tough."
"Does it look like I care about you four?" I finally say. I keep walking and hit my shoulder against one of the girls in front of me.
Behind me, I can tell she's going to hit me. She raises her arm and says, "You little-"
I grab her arm from behind me and I crack her wrist with another, flipping her over to the ground. The others didn't even bother. I kept walking. Of course those Northerners would know who I was. They'd have information of everything.
I walk upstairs and the boys from downstairs look at me weird, so do the girls walking up the stairs. "Uh..." Greg and Kurt from behind me starts "Are you okay?"
"You should be asking that to one of those girls down there." I say, and those two chuckle.
"So the Stilt isn't that cold." Blaise interrupts and smirks. "Nice to know."
"Watch it, remember who helped you out back there."
"Maybe I didn't need you to help me out." He sighs. "Maybe I wanted to go."
I notice something on his arm. "Why is that?"
He pulls his hand away and he grunts. "No reason. I just didn't think I'd make it. It hasn't been a year-"
"I know." I say. "Its hard to get used to something, especially since it hasn't been a year yet."
"Yeah, but these cold, dead days seem like years." Greg groans. "I'll see ya guys."
"Yeah, I think we should go before the Commander finds us." Kurt steps down from the stairs.
"I-"
"Everyone!" The Commander shows up from the door and hits the glass for everyone to hear. "It's time to sleep. Be well rested tomorrow, and wait outside at six a.m. We're going to start training, and I can't guarantee that none of you will be going home tomorrow."
I walk up the stairs and sleep in the bottom bunk next to the window. Natalie and Sammy share the same bunk, while I'm sleeping in my own bunk, since, of course, some of us are gone and it may have to do with no one wanting to bunk with me.
"Hey." Sammy whisper-yells at me. I look at her. "I heard the people they cut are the people they're killing..." Her eyes well up. "Is that true?"
I look up. "Maybe."
"I don't want to be cut."
"Then don't be." I turn around. "Just get some sleep. You'll be fine."
She nods. "Okay."