
I might not be able to last that long, though.
There, in the center of us all, is the Admiral. Second in command of the Superior.
"Look around you, what do you see?" He asks.
The guy who was behind me looks at me and whispers, "I see a girl bored from everything."
I scoff.
"These are you brothers and sisters. But do not look at them as just. Look at them as your competition. Not all of you will pass or survive training, however, and you are the last group our military will be taking before our Five Hundredth Day. And the choices of military are limited, so we will choose you...unless you rank high enough to make it to choose."
He turns around at our branch, and thankfully, I'm in the second row, but still not far away enough for him to not recognize me.
He gives me a slight glare, though I keep looking forward. "Only the top fifty will get to choose."
"The top fifty?" Someone cries.
"Yes." He confirms. "Yes, though there are five thousand of you, remember what I told you earlier, not all of you will survive or pass training. This is phase one. If you don't want to do this, you may go home. But, if you do that, there's a chance you'll die ignorant, and there's a chance not all of you will make it home, either."
Everyone stands shivering in their place. Then, few people start walking out, but most of us remain in our lines.
"Good." He smirks. "Now starts the other half of phase one. Which will begin...now."
And The Four Commanders ask each and everyone one of us who we are and what we're doing here. They took the second person from our lines and told him to walk out. The Salmon girl is shaking, and the Tall girl is keeping a hard expression on her face. She's next.
"Natalie Singa. I'm here to protect my family from those things out there." She takes a deep breath, and our branch's commander smirks and walks next to Salmon Girl, whose shaking uncontrollably at this point.
"Sammy Pell. I'm here to make better of myself."
Then the same people who talked to me were next. Kurt, then the short boy, (Greg,) then shortly it became me. Unfortunately, two people were left to go on lines. I knew it was my turn though. All he did was smirk, and he walked past me and asked the boy next to me.
He's onto me. They all know me, so they don't care about me.
"Uh, Blaise Zion, I'm here to learn more about the animals."
He grabbed his shoulder and said, "Then you should've went to school, Boy." He points to the exit and Blaise gulps ever so slightly, but he manages to keep a straight face and slowly walks to the exit.
I grab his arm and The Commander looks at me strangely. "He shouldn't fail because he wants to learn more. There's something that you Center people know and we don't. Something that can't be taught in school."
"Failing him proves your hiding something." I glare, and Blaise looks at me strangely, only with his eyes, everything else from him looks so calm.
"Are you Surgent, Cadet?" He raises a brow.
"I trust you because I hate them more." He starts to chuckle.
The Commander, bites his tongue. "Just because we can't get rid of you doesn't make you invincible...Peyton." He points to Blaise and says, "Get back in line, boy."