
Kurt looks at me, and almost chuckles. Blaise doesn't look at me, but he does say, "Thanks."
I guess I sort of smile, but its not like I really care.
***
Later in the day, The Commander showed us our rooms. From five thousand to 4,700 thousand already, the rooms were still cramped, and we were only at phase one.
Three hundred people didn't even make phase one, and no actual training was involved in that. When the training starts, I'm sure another three hundred will be cut. Maybe more.
The Night Quarters are separated into four large sections. There's a center in the middle, where people can talk and hang out, and then there are four large rooms, each with a plate of what sections is which. The South section, the East, the West, and the North. All the sections we came from.
The Boys room is downstairs of the South Section, while the girls room is in the Top floor. Good thing all of the bathrooms are there, too, though it's not like there are many.
Then comes Dinner, after all of our things were put in our bunks, not like we had that much stuff, anyway, just a few uniforms.
And I sit alone in the corner table, ferociously eating my mac and cheese. All of these people bore me. Besides, most of them are ignorant. Unfortunately, I eyed the Greg and Sammy and they both took it as an invitation to sit here.
They take a seat. Which of course, happens to be an invitation for the Tall Girl, Natalie to sit down, too.
"So, you must've done something horrible to get away with something like that." Sammy asks.
I continue eating my food.
"You guys seriously don't know a thing." Natalie laughs. "She doesn't want to answer, and I think that's that. So why don't you talk, huh?"
"And why did you save that guy's ass?" Kurt sat down, making the entire left side of the table jump.
"Who, Blaise?" Greg asks.
"Yes, Blaise." Kurt looks at me. "Why did you save him?"
I shrug. "I doubt you would believe it's because I have a heart."
Natalie and Kurt eye each other. "Yeah, that would be pretty hard to believe, because I'm sure that's not the answer." Greg then says.
"True enough." I explain. "It's because those assholes took something from me, now I'm proving to them that I know what they're doing is wrong."
"And what is that?" Greg asks again.
"Everything."
"So why'd you join?" Sammy asks.
"Because I still want to learn." I sigh. "Besides, I don't think it's wrong to want to save our own asses. It hasn't even been a year since..."
"Yeah...Day One." Sammy looks down at her food.
"Who knew that would be Day One, anyway?" Natalie points out.
"I mean before all of this, we were all still in school." Sammy wipes her eyes.
"Where were all of you?" Greg asks. "When they started evacuating?"
"You mean day 70?" Kurt asks. "With my family, in the woods of Wyoming, hunting and farming. My Dad was a veteran, and he heard news about what was going on. The animals started attacking us...killing my Dad, injured my Ma, and I took us to the south section of West Virginia."