
And so a wall was built, on Day 70 to protect everyone still alive. I don't know what's going on in the other continents but I'd like to think they're not all dead. What a lovely thought, right?
Of course, that wall was only built surrounding six states: Illinois, Indiana, West Virginia, Virginia, Kentucky, and Ohio. Although, the wall doesn't surround all of the West Virginia, Virginia, and Illinois.
Before all of this, we were still living normal American lives, eating meat and going to the beach, watching movies. Now, its a struggle everyday just to eat. Now that we have a common enemy, I'd say that we're a lot worse off than other people predicted.
And now they'd gone and separated the people living in the walls, too. The less fortunate are the ones on the South, which is us. The more fortunate are the ones on the North, with their corn and their Lake Michigan. The center is the safest, of course, and it being the safest, they have the supposed 'best people' running the Wall.
And these people promise better things, but like I said, they're liars.
The East and West are just as fortunate as the South is, except they get slightly bigger rations than us, and more pocket money than us, giving them a little bit longer to live.
I have another motive for being here, and I know these people won't take me in too kindly.
"Forward!" The Commander walks everyone inside, and then brings us to a halt. This isn't just a room, this is a giant cargo train.
"Alright." He turned around. "Everyone make four lines." And everyone did so. The guy behind me went into my line. I can feel him literally grinning like he would eat me if he had the chance.
"Good." He stood up from a crate and pulled a red lever. "We'll be arriving shortly, Trainee Branch." Then he salutes. "I hope you all know how to keep your shit in your ass." He steps down from the crate and walks around, still saluting. "I can tell that many of you ain't gonna last the first trial. Is that true?"
"Sir, no sir!" We all answer, saluting.
"Bullshit!" He turned around and sniffed. "Fear is not going to get you anywhere. Fear is the one thing that destroys man..." He sniffed the girl to the right line. "Or builds one. Let me ask you, is fear going to destroy you?"
"Sir, no sir!"
"Or is fear going to build you?"
"Sir, yes sir!"
He started laughing, and looked straight at our line. Most people looked at him, but I didn't. They're all scared.
"Ha ha ha!" He laughs. "I can tell most of you already pissed your pants, is that right?"
"Sir-" The man behind me started.
"Quiet, son!" He shouts. "Don't give me bullshit! The one thing I don't tolerate is bullshit. Do you understand?" He asks the whole branch.
"Sir, yes sir!"
"Good." Then he turns around and his nose takes a big whiff at me, but I didn't look at him at all.
"What's this?" He questions. "Why aren't you reeking fear?" He grabs my hair, "Or are you just covering it all up?" I still didn't look at him, and I didn't even care him grabbing my hair. "Why are you so bored with this? You look so bored? Do you want me to entertain you?" I didn't say anything. "Huh? Answer me, Cadet!"
I didn't say anything.
"So she doesn't talk." He lets my hair down. "We have some people with real balls here, and I'm sure this person with balls ain't even a man. She's a wo-man." He smirks. "I guess that's what all criminals are."