
This is when I scoff lightly and look to the corner of my shoe. People gasp, people snicker, people look at me weirdly, and people just look ashamed, like they did something horrible, too. I already know that most of these people are going to hate me.
Then The Commander went about and started talking to the other half of the Branch.
"You smell like piss!" He shouted to one man. "Why do you smell like piss?"
"Sir, yes sir!"
"What the hell kind of answer is that, boy!?"
The girl next to me, the velvet haired, the one The Commander talked to, shakes and asks, "Criminal?"
"Oi! Don't act like you've never done that kinda shit before, Salmon."
"I've never! And stop calling me Salmon!" She screams while she whispers. "Seriously, The Commander's going to hear us."
The taller blonde-haired girl with sharp yellow eyes smirked and reached over the pat her head. "Sucks for you, Salmon."
"But seriously, though, what did you do?" The shorter, black haired boy in front of me by a couple of people asked.
I didn't answer. I just looked at him. And he let out a small gasp.
"I'm sure it's something embarrassing she got in trouble for, like stealing perfume from The Old Man." A much more muscular and strong faced man with brown hair asks.
"Or stealing extra rations." Someone else adds in.
And the more people add in, the more bored I got. These people just look so ignorant.
"Hey, what part of the south section are you? I've never seen you before-"
"Did you kill someone? Is that it-"
"When did you-"
"Does any of it matter?" I finally say, only looking at all of them through the corner of my eye, glaring. I turn around, and I can tell people are still shaking. "If you don't want to piss your pants more than you already have, I suggest you keep quiet before The Commander hears you."
Everyone stays quiet.
"So, you do talk." The guy behind me says. "You guys should apologize.
The Muscle Man sounds taken aback. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked." He stuck his hand out and said, "Kurt."
I didn't shake his hand. I just look at him.
"Fuck that!" The Tall Girl laughs. "If you're a criminal then we have a right to know what you did so we can trust you."
"And why would I want that?" I roll my eyes.
"Well...Because-"
"Who the hell is talking over here!" The Commander sniffs once more and walks straight to the tall girl. "Do you want to fail before you even make it to the Branch?"
"Sir, no sir!"
"Then quit talking, then!" The Tall Girl, shook.
The Train came to a sudden stop, and the doors behind us open. We all turn around, and we start moving down the cargo train, and lines up in rows in a center with three other branches. When we all line up, the man guy in the front stands on the top crate.
Everyone's still shaking. They have no idea what they're up against. All we have is a wall from protecting us the diseases and the monsters out there, and the life of prosperity we have here. These people know things. Things that we don't, and I have to know them.