
Harry Potter appeared with a pop in front of the Burrow. He missed the Burrow,missed the dinner's. He was owling Ron a lot lately because of he and hermione got together before they left Hogwarts. It was after their battle in the department of mysteries. He had lost his Godfather that year. A tear came down Harry's cheek but quickly wiped it away. He didn't want to think about that. He distance himself a lot that year. Guilt and sadness was all harry felt. He stood there and watched his godfather disappear in an empty archway.
He turned the handle of the burrows door. He couldn't wait to see Ron and the weasleys. He missed playing Quidditch with the weasleys he loved the dinners and most of all he loved seeing a certain red headed girl. This girl was none other then Ginny Weasley. He and ginny got close last year due to him still grieving. Suddenly he was interrupted by his trail of thoughts, he was pulled into a famous Weasley bone crushing hug. He knew all too well who this was... It was Mrs Weasley. ***Harry's Prov**"Harry dear, how are you?" Asked Mrs Weasley."I'm grand. And how are you?""Oh I'm great dear. Oh and Ron will be down in a few minutes. He and Hermione are helping Ginny with something up stairs. I'll go get them if you like? Dinner will be ready in a few minutes." Said Mrs Weasley."Oh no it's fine I'll go and get them for you, if you like?" "Oh would you dear , I have to owl Bill and say that were leaving tomorrow morning, Arthur and I are going to see Fleur and Bill in France. "Oh that sounds lovely Mrs Weasley. I hope you enjoy" I started to climb the stairs to words Ron's room.
I reached Ron's room and my jaw dropped in horror, there was Hermione on top of Ron eating each other faces off(snoging). I coughed to show I was in the same room. Hermione jumped ten feet off the bed and blushed a really deep red. Reder than rons hair. Ron looked up ashamed and his ears and cheeks turned a bright scarlet. I laughed and laughed which got me a glare from hermione and a playful punch from Ron."Sorry..." Ron mumbled but had a grin on his face. I smiled back and said " so how have ye guys been?"I asked trying to change the subject . Hermione laughed. Not helping mione!! I gave her a glare and she looked at her feet. She knew I was trying to change the subject. Suddenly there was a knock on the door. There stood Ginny, wearing jeans and her griffindor jumper. She scowled at ron but her brown eyes found my green ones and she immediately smiled at me. I smiled back. Gods she's beautiful! Wait what? Did I just say Ginny's beautiful? No! I can't ! Ron would kill me! I cant be thinking about liking ginny weasley. The one i saved all those yeard ago. I felt a hand on my shoulder and I looked up into those dark chocolate eyes.. 'Wow' I thought."Harry are you okay?" Ginny asked in a soft caring voice."I'm fine. Are you?" I shot back.Ginny raised her eye brows obviously not convinced but didn't push further. Thank god cause I don't feel like talking to her in front of her dimwit of a brother."I'm great." She said back.. Then she did the unthinkable, she leaned forward and whispered in my ear and said "can we talk later ?" I just nodded. I turned to hermione and ron who both gave me a quizable look. I shook it off and went to the bathroom. I came to a past Ginny's door. I sighed and went dstairs
I'll write soon I promise I hope ye like it. Im a fan of hinny and romaine,nuna, and I am writing this as a continues during there time at Hogwarts so this is going to include romance,angry,bad language not much but still its funny.. I will do both prov's and thanks and I do not own any of these I just write for fun