
Chapter 1
"Come on Mads'!" Lily yelled into the room as she walked in. I groaned rolling to face the wall. Lily grabbed my blanket and yanked its warmth from me. I grabbed a pillow and clutched it trying to retain some warmth.
"Madi. Come on! There's a new club!" I sat up and moved my hair out of my face.
"Why do I have to go Lily?"
"We made a bet. You lost the bet. You have to go to a club, now hurry up get dressed."
I threw my body back into the pillows groaning loudly.
I turned to face the clock. Wait! It's already 6pm. That was a good sleep.
I found the energy to move from my bed and to the closet.
Lily rushed into the room again.
"Zip me? Also wear the red dress I got you last week!" I zipped up her tight black dress.
"God Lily. Your boobs are trying to escape!"
She winked and left the room. I laughed grabbing the red dress.
The fabric went halfway down my thigh and hugged my curves. My own boobs like a little round mountain above the curve of my dress.
I stepped out of the room my heels clicking against the wooden ground.
"Holy crap Madi!" Lily yelled rushing to me as she put on her other heel.
"You look amazing! All the guys are gonna be all over you!" She said moving my hair out of my eyes.
"Not if they see you first." I giggled.
"Good thing I'm team girl then isn't it." She winked again and grabbed her phone.
**
"Lily this line is gonna take forever!" I whined leaning against the wall.
"I got this." She grabbed my wrist and pulled me towards the front. There was a group of four tall boys decked out in black attire from head to toe.
Lily tapped the tallest ones shoulder. He turned to face us and is blue eyes changed to a darker shade once he met my eyes.
"Yes?" He said aggravated looking back to Lily.
"Yeah. Here's the deal. My girl here. She's never been to a club. She needs to get in there before the crazies do. Is there any way we could move in front of you guys."
She batted her eyes and stuck her chest out but not noticeably unless you knew Lily.
The tan one looked flustered and simply nodded.
"Oh thank you!" Lily said jumping a bit.
The tall one leaned down and whispered in my ear.
"I expect a dance from you tonight, Madison."
Wait. How does he know my name.
Before I could talk to the stranger Lily was pulling me through the door.
**
