
why? why did it have to come to this? what happened to you? I remember the kind soul you once were but now... I can hardly recognize you. Your cold and distant I guess I just thought that...you were having a problem that made you want to be alone  but I guess I was wrong.

Darkness began to cloud my vision... a loud ringing rang in my ear but over that I could her something...was that a voice.. I cant tell... "AKARI!! AKARI!!PLEASE STAY AWAKE YOU HAVE TO STAY AWAKE!!" a voice yelled I wonder who it is..........

Akari's pov

The sun glistened in the evening sky as a cool breeze swept through my hair, the tree I was currently beating up groaned as I sent a strong kick to its side, father had once again started another argument with me, I was so gonna have the blame put on me again.
"Hey look who it is I thought you just came back from a mission?"I heard a loud voice call from behind me, I spun around ready to attack when I noticed who it was "oh Shisui its just you I thought you were an enemy there for a second" I laughed nervously Shisui just smiled at me like he always did. A wide happy smile that always brought a smile to others faces "well you got lucky its just me....Hey I heard what happened with your dad you ok?"he asked.

"Oh yeah I'm fine its just the same as always dad criticising me as usual but I'm ok with it after all it happens practically all the time." I sent a smile his way hoping to ease his worry away and it seemed like it worked as a smile crept its way back onto his face " whatever you say kiddo you know Itachi's looking for you right" he teased "oh ok then I need to be getting home anyway so I'll see you later Shisui ok"


"sure thing"with that I began to jog through the compound to our house, it was quiet guess everyone went to sleep I silently began to sneak through the house but stopped at Sasuke's door, poking my head in a small smile spread across my face ad I saw he was asleep. His hair was still in its normal duck-butt shape and his cover was pulled up high, his face looked so peaceful in his sleep one of his arms was hanging of the bed.

"Boo" a voice whispered in my ear, gasping I spun around seeing that it was only Itachi smirking slightly  "Itachi what the hell you gave me a heart-attack" I asked him annoyed by that smirk on his face."where were you?" he questioned "just training" I sighed. "okay the Hokage wants to speak with you tomorrow just to let you know, you should probably go to bed you look like you'll drop to the floor any minute now" he suggested "geez you know how to make a girl feel wonderful don't you. Alright  I'll go tomorrow thanks Itachi" I smiled at him as I began to walk to my room to enter the land of dreams.