
-Jades POV-Friday's. Thank god. I had enough of this hell hole. Wait I mean school. No I didn't. I got to my locker putting books in my locker. Soon my locker was getting slammed shut. "You fucking bitch you could've broke my fingers" I snapped at my stupid friend, Ana. She shrugged "you know my junior friend Matthew?" she asked all excited. I nodded, lying, I don't know him. "He invited us to a party" she squealed. "Hope you have fun I'm not going" I said putting my backpack over my back"I'm still grounded from last weekend" Last weekend, me and Ana wanted to get revenge on this bitch, Madison, she's a stupid freshman, so we splattered her room with fake blood and egged her house. Not the best revenge, we know, but were sophomores with nothing else to do. "It's called sneaking out" she said like it was obvious. "please please" she begged, she looked at me with puppy dog eyes, I groaned "fine pick me up at 9" I said she squealed. A little freshman kid, Carter, came up to Ana. He's probably the most annoying little shit in school. "Can we help you?" Me and Ana asked him, raising an eyebrow. "uh I uh" he stuttered and ran off. "Da fuck wrong with him?" Ana asked me I shrugged and the bell rang"see you at lunch" I sighed and made my way to Biology. -Skipping to Party-I was anxiously waiting for Ana to pick me up. My parents were out. I heard Ana honking her horn. I'm only 15 with my drivers permit and she's 16, but she acts like a 5 year old, with her drivers license. I ran to her car. "are you nervous?" I asked she nodded fast. She drove to Matthews house. "don't leave me" I begged, she nodded "Jade, wait, what if Nate and Shawn are here?" she asked"they probably are, their seniors and their good friends with Mathew" I opened the front door and we both walked in scared. The smell of drugs and alcohol smacked me in the face. The smell was awful. I felt someone hitting my arm"what?" I asked "Nate and Shawn" she whispered pointing over to the kitchen. I swallowed dryly. We both slowly walked to the kitchen slowly."Nate looks hot" Ana whispered I giggled "Shawn does too" I giggled. I saw my ex, Sammy, he cheated on me with Madison. That was 3 months ago, we've been giving revenge to both of them for the longest time. Why not, were stupid sophomores with nothing else to do in life. I felt someone's eyes burning me. I turned around to see Shawn staring, right at my ass, I blushed and he saw me looking and quickly turned his head. "I'm gonna go talk to Nate, no ones with him" Ana told me and ran to Nate. I felt my legs move me closer to Shawn. "hi" I squeaked out when I got next to him. I'm so nervous. I'm a shy person, I can't talk to guys, I'm to awkward with them, it's sad, honestly. "Hi, Jade right?" he asked. I had a mental dance party, he knows my name. "Yeah, Shawn right?" I asked, of course I knew him name, I just didn't want to seem like a stalker. I do stalk him though. Whoops. We made small talk, very small talk. He seemed a little shy too. "I'm gonna go to the bathroom" Shawn said awkwardly. He ran upstairs, I went to go get a drink. I saw Ana leaning against the counter, still, talking with Nate. She pointed to her phone and looked at me. Ana: Nates ass looks incredible in khakisI laughed lightly. Ana: Booty had me like....... I got a drink, debating if I should drink it because I didn't know if there was alcohol in it. I took it anyway. I was just about to drink it but someone whispered"don't drink it, there's alcohol in it" I turned around to see a towering Shawn. "but what if I want to drink it?" I asked wondering where this sudden boost of confidence came. "then I would take you home" he said, Maybe I want that.........