
☆well this is my first book. Exuse the mistakes. I really hope you all enjoy this as much as I do! It's kinda amazing when you fall in love with your own book. Ok ok I'll shut up. FELIX ABOVE☆
I begin to open my eyes as the bright sunlight from the window burns my eyes. I grunt and flip over on my stomach groaning and shoving my face into the pillow. "It's too damn early." i groan looking at the clock that reads 7:46 am. "Shit i have to get up..." i sit up and throw the covers over the side and look at my chest realizing I slept in my shirt. I take the white tee off and swing my legs over the side of the bed feeling no ambition to get up. I stand and an instant pain runs to my head. "Ahh.." i groan and put the palm of my hand over my temple. I come to a stand and get some jeans on and freshening up before walking downstairs.
I walk downstairs seeing my father up wandering about the house. He'd been alone a lot lately for my mother had died leaving him with me, his 17 year old son. "Morning dad." I say as i yawn.
"What did you run out of clothes?" He laughs referring to my shirtless self.
"Nah. Just lazy as hell." I replied not thinking.
"Language Felix." He rolled his eyes.
I never understood why I couldn't say the smallest of things without being constantly told about my language. It was getting to be annoying honestly.
"I'm going to head out Felix. I will be back around 5:00 alright?"
"Alright." I smirked knowing I was home alone to do whatever I wanted. But then again, like I had anything to do...
As he walked out the door I looked around the empty house wondering what lie around here for me to do. I mean we lived in a house quite large for only a house of two, in the middle of nowhere. I was home schooled and never made it a priority to socialize nor ever go to town. My father never told me about family so my house was pretty much where I was my entire life. It was empty and erie when you are alone but outside was a whole new ballpark. There was a large red barn which we filled with cattle and 2 horses. Every spring i got to see the cows out at pasture finding a sort of peace with everything just enjoying the view and such. I'm not much of a poet but out there is where you can find your piece of mind.
I had walked to the bathroom upstairs to freshen up more. I looked in the mirror and saw my jet black hair sticking in every direction possible then at my chest and abs in which I had once again seen the nasty scar across my left chest muscle from fixing the wire fence when it snapped back at me slashing it open now leaving an ugly scar to look at.
After fixing my hair and brushing my teeth i went to my room and threw on a loose red flannel then gloves and heading out to fix the fence and bring in this year's heifers.
☆sorry this one is so short I've got a concert to be getting to. Wish me luck!☆