
Mike we have to hide her now they will take her we must not let that happen.   Mike looked at me and said but Derek she's our daughter we just had her why must we give her away when we just got her. My mate sobbed.   I walked over to him and hugged hin tight knowing he was the one that was going to suffer the most because he was the one to carry her for seven mouths then give brith to her.   I slowly pulled him away from my chest and whispered.   Baby I know but we can't lose her to them I won't allow it.  He sniffles and nods he then looks down at  our persuasion daughter and kisses her new born head.  She starts to cry but soon stops and my and mike get worried.   She then starts to scream cry and thats when we hear gun shots and wolf howls.    Mike hands me her and said Derek love get her out of here I'll try and give you time.  I nod but feel the tears in my eyes.I then turn around and start to run down the hall I'm almost to the end of the long hall and to the safe part were she would be taken and hidden but I felt something hit me and then I feel this horrible pain in my back I start to fall.   I protect my unnamed daught from hitting the ground  by landing on my back but I soon regret it because I'm soon screaming in pain.  I hear a curle laugh and know its Dunkin.  I try to keep her in my arms bit soon feel her yanked from my grasp.  I cry out but know it no use.  Before Dunkin leaves he said now my king what will the nation do with out their princess. And with that I shot awake.  *****I shot straight up in bed and start to sob I hear mike sit up and pull me in to his bare chest and cooe to me.  I then sob talk.  It's all my... f.f.fault that she's gone Mike its aaall my fault.Shoosh baby it's not your fault its theirs for taking her from us we will find her and then we will kill ever last one of them.  I just continue to cry it's been seventeen years and we still haven't found her.  We tried to have more kids but we couldn't it was heart breaking.  Dont get me wrong we just wanted a litrle pup to love and hold and care for until we found a lost pup and could take care of her but know the goddess had to be crule and we only could have one child.   I then pull back look at my beautiful mate but also see the sadness and sorrow in his eyes it's been really hard on Mike and I after our baby girl was stolen from us we are not the same kings that use ro rule.  We are slower and don't pay attention to the meetings. We spend all our free time trying to find our baby.   I get up and pick my mate up and walk out of our room to the search room that we installed and put him down and say.Okay since no one can find our daughter we start now.  He shock his head yes and we got to looking.  *************  Its been two weeks since we started our search with know one but us looking.  We are about to give up and tell the world that the princess is died.   But then the beeping starts and the screen says match found that we jump up and look at the name of the pack that took our daughter.  Me and mike smile and walk out of the room.Now my sweet girl hold on we are coming for you and  nothing will stop us from finding you and bringing you home to us.