
I waited patiently for my name to be called. This was it, the beginning of life. After three hard years at Law School. I deserved this, you know that saying; "Mama didn't raise no fool." Well my mama didn't. I turned around to see her smiling harder then ever. I turned my attention back to the speaker. God im happy I finally made it. Everybody in my family was successful. My mom was a nurse, my dad was a doctor, my grandma was a nurse. I just choose something different. I really didn't like the medical field. I did have a brother, Elijah. He wasn't that bright. I mean he was bright, but in a different way.
"Aaron Hicks"
I walked onto stage shaking everybody's hand and taking my diploma. Going off I went to a seat. Behind me this guy everyone liked tapped my shoulder.
"Graduation party after this lil mama. You should come."
"No thanks."
I bet y'all think im lame for turning him down, but this nigga get all the girls. It sounds like a booty call to me anyway. Besides my mom planned a dinner for me after this at Red Lobster. After sitting for another hour the last person was called.
"Class of 2015, its been a long ride. Please stand. Turn your medallions."
We did as told them thats when all the ghetto black people went crazy, throwing their hats, jumping on the chairs, yelling 'NIGGA WE MADE IT'. Some of it was funny.
I found my parents and my brother outside of the auditorium. They hugged and congratulated me.
"We have to hurry because I booked our reservations for 5."
"Ma, its only 3:30. I'll be there by 5, let me go see my friends."
She frowned and touched my face. "Aw, alright. I guess you can go."
I laughed. "Alright, bye y'all."
I took off my gown and reached in my bag for my keys. Elijah followed.
"Uh. You better be quick. Mom gon kill yo ass."
"Please. Im trying to find Trayvon."
"Ma know y'all date yet?"
"Hell no. If she find out that's my ass. I mean he is your friend, and she said all your friends look like gangstas and drug dealers."
"We not gangstas man, but we slanging fasho."
I shook my head. "Why you can't be like us. You 26 man."
"Im only street smart. You know that."
And that was true, he barely got out of highschool. But thanks to him I met the love of my life, Trayvon. Yes he deal, yes he big and buff, with his dark brown eyes and those big lips... mmm let me chill. But the problem was I hid it from my parents, they figure since im so smart and innocent i'd date somebody from school. If they only knew. I tagged along with Elijah, I didn't deal. I just hang around them alot, went to parties with them. Just one of the girls.
When I got to my car I noticed Trayvon's truck parked beside mine. I smiled and ran to it standing on the rails. He rolled the window down smiling exposing his left drimple.
"Hey baby, Congratulations."
"Hey babe, thanks"
We made out until Eli cleared his throat.
"Bruh, 5 o'clock."
"Man its only 3:40 now. We got time."
"Where y'all gotta be"
"Red Lobster, my mama made reservations."
He sighed. "I know she not gonna let me step foot in there."
"I know baby, I'll tell her.. In the future."
I turned to Elijah throwing him my keys. "Stall for me."
"Alright."
I went on the passenger side of the truck getting in.
" I got something for you"
"What you got?"
"You want it here or at home?"
"Anywhere you please." I smirked.
*picture of Trayvon in MM