
My brain is cluttered. No thoughts can get through without melting, disfiguring themselves into other thoughts. It's all scribbled over, like drawing circles inside other circles inside other circles until it's a huge, disorganized mess of darkness that covers the entire page. If you draw for long enough you can turn it black.
Opening the door is a physical movement, not prompted by anything in my brain. My brain is too distracted by itself to tell my body to do anything; it does it all by itself. It's been working like that for most of the past thirteen years. My knees bend. I sit on my bed. The mattress is pressed down under my weight, though I don't weigh much. All the lights are turned off, and I can't remember what color the sheets are. The nightstand by the head of my bed, the desk at the foot, the window beside the nightstand, the closet on the right wall... it's all just there.
My arm reaches to my other sleeve. I don't touch my skin; I just pull down the fabric to reveal my wrist. And instinctively I go for the object I keep hidden under my pillow. I wouldn't mind if someone found it.
Tears don't exist in my body any more. Neither do screams. Neither does a voice. So I don't cry. I don't whimper. I don't open my mouth. I don't feel pain when I see the blood leaking out of the cuts. I've felt the pain already. It got too much, so I blocked it out. Pain is just an illusion. I keep myself in a place where I can't feel it.
That place is far, far down. The Mariana's Trench of your heart. Where nothing can hurt you, and you feel nothing. It's better than hurting.
I don't wish for death. I don't wish for life, either. I don't want to exist, but death is too easy.
I pull my sleeve up and lay on my bed, with no sheets covering me. I fall asleep within seconds. Because, in the Mariana's Trench of you heart, you are not awake. You are not dead but you are thoughtless. You are just there.

When I woke up it was dark outside my window. My alarm clock read 10:54. I hadn't eaten since that morning, so I sat up, and stood up. I opened my door and walked out into the hallway. There were four more doors on that same hallway, which connected to the living room on one end. I spotted a light under one door; my parents' door, but no sounds came from the other side.
After the living room was the kitchen. It was nothing special; the walls bordered with white counter-tops, and the oven and the microwave clustered in one corner. The dishwasher was on the other side of the room. I didn't bother turning the lights on and just opened the fridge to see what there was. Not much. The doors were filled with useless sauces and toppings that no one ever used, but no one ever bothered to throw out.
I opened the bottom drawer and took out a bag of purple grapes. Only half of them were rotten. Nothing else looked good, so I closed that door and walked to the pantry, on the right side of the dishwasher.
The door to the pantry never closed. Last time someone tried to close it, they couldn't get it open and we had to pry it open with a crowbar. It almost broke the door. That's why there was a small dent in the side.
The pantry is also the laundry room. On one side of the room are a washer and a dryer, and on the other are shelves holding snacks, spices and other things never used. The end is nothing but a wall.
I didn't turn on the lights there, either, because I knew what I wanted. I took a small box of Pocky off the bottom shelf and exited through the open door.
When I walked back into the living room I saw another person coming in from the hallway. My father. I barely recognized him. He was just there, to me, but it's because he blocked me out first. Was he in the Mariana's Trench, too? Was I a piece of the pain he decided to block out? Was my mother? All these thoughts were disfigured long ago.