
*beep beep beep*
I groaned as i picked up my alarm clock throwing it across the bedroom.
I slowly drag my feet to the side of the bed feeling the cold hard ground, I placed my thick black glasses on ,then headed over to the bathroom to do my business.
I then headed towards my closet getting changed out my pyjamas. I applied some make up hiding the bruise and scars that the boys at school made.
I put my shoes on and left my Swedish blonde hair out, I put my tan neff beanie. Then headed out the door.
I didn't really live with anyone, my father didn't even want children so he pretends that my brother and I are invisible.
My mother works as a full time journalist, my brother Ashton is a know-at-all bastered who if I got shot he would point and laugh and watch me die.
I got out the house and headed to the school, I hid under the bleachers, so the guys wouldn't find me, I would stay there for so long it wasn't funny, but once classes start it was like standing on an landmine.
Like you might now it's there but you got to step on it.
"Alison where are you" I heard the not so nice Nash yell
"yea Ali we wanna play a game with you" Matt shouted
If I was stupid which I'm not..sadly, I would run right out there and say 'ohh what game' like honestly do I look that stupid to them.
"master wants to play with you Ali" Aaron said, master being Cameron was a total user, he used girl just to make all the boys beg him to give one up so they could fuck them, he liked have attachen.
the bell rang and my heart start pounding like crazy, i walked into the hall way as everyone started laughing and calling me names like whore, hoe,bitch, slut.
it made me feel like screaming and yelling my ass off..but i'm not like that i try and keep my innocent look.
i got to my desk which was at the front of the class, i kept my face down as the teacher went on about something that i seriously didn't give a shit about, i felt a pieces of paper hit the back of my head, i picked it up and unfolded it.
meet master at the school stadium - CR
NO WAY YOU WISH! - AT
i threw it back and i couldn't keep my mind off it, why the hell would cameron dallas want to see me, oh i forgot he wanted me dead, carter threw the note back at me.
just do it or get triple beating - CR
why what does he want - AT
i threw it back i didn't wanna ever see cameron like ever, i wish i never met him nor laid eyes on him, i can't believe i liked him, everytime i thought about it i felt like everything fell apart.
my life has never gone right, it just keeps going left, maybe this life isn't much worth living for well for me.
---after school----
carter never sent another note, i started walking past the gate, then notice that i have to walk home stadium , i put my headphones in playing Escape the fate. i headed pass and as soon as got reached the stadium, i hesitated and kept walking i heard the boys talking.
"i told you" i heard nash say
"Alison the whore" i heard taylor say
i felt 0.0% bad for him, my rang in my pocket so i picked it up it was some unknown number.