
Hannah is 7 now and Leah is 20. The boys are almost 6 and Ariana is also 6. Aaren watches the kids as Leah go to school. Leah had to come off campus because of her mother's sickness.
Leah's POVBeing a mother is very hard. Now that Hannah is in the 2nd grade, things have changed. More field trips, more food. More yelling. Aaren and I are starting to fall apart. Sometimes he'll take the boys to his mom place and don't come back for days. We never agree on anything anymore. And he barely help out with Hannah. All he talk about is Zaadyn and Jaedyn. Not Hannah, not Ariana. I do too much and he never help me. I see about my mom, the kids. The food. The bills, school. I can't do it all.
"Can you take Hannah to school today"
"Leah! I can't, Zaadyn and Jaedyn have to go to the doctor."
"Aaren!"
"What Leah! What you want me to do? I have my sons. You have Hannah and Ariana"
"That's what you think this is?"
"What you mean?"
"You think you can tale my sons away and leave me with the kids you don't live as much."
"I love them all equally"
"No you don't. You rather take the boys places and leave the girls. You treat the girls like you treat me and I won't have it. I want you away from us, and if you even try to take the boys, I swear on everything I love you will regret that"
"Fine."
Then he left. After that, it was me on my own. I wasn't about to deal with that. Aaren got out of hand. One thing about it. He still bought them stuff.
"Mommy can I have a glass of water"
"Yes sweety. Go pack a bag of clothes."
"Why mommy"
"Daddy left and I can't do it on my own. Now Hannah, go do as I say."
"Yes mommy. Want me to tell Zaadyn and Jaedyn and Ariana"
"Yes baby"
Ariana came running to me crying.
"What's wrong sweety?"
"Jaedyn hit me"
"Jaedyn! Come here"
"Yes mommy" I heard in his voice he was scared.
"Why did you hit Ari?"
"She was bothering me"
"That doesn't mean hit her"
"Ok mommy, sorry Ari"
"Its alright. Why is Hannah packing up, where is she going"
"We're leaving here"
"Why mommy"
"Because its hard here. We need help"
"Momma, where's daddy" Zaadyn asked
"Zaa didn't you hear, he left us. Like were nothing."
"He probably didn't mean to"
"If he didn't mean to, he would've stayed" Hannah said angrily
"But Hannah!" Ariana said slow as normal.
"Hannah nothing. Ma, you and dad always fighting. I'm glad he left. Kinda. Now there can be peace, and you won't be hurt ma."
"Thanks Hannah, but cmon y'all. We have to leave."
"I'll take them and help them pack ma"
"Thanks Hannah"
"No problem mommy"
I laughed. Hannah is so mature like I was. But I just hope she don't make the same mistake like I did. You know, you want the best for them. They don't know better. But I will teach em.