
Authors note:Thank you for stopping by to read, lovely readers!!! Please vote and comment. The picture above is a picture of Bella, when she was little.******************************
Chapter 1Orphan. I am just a normal orphan. However, I have a huge secret, but my secret isn't the one to be shared. I, Bella Summers, am really tired and sick of being lonely all the time. So, I'll tell you lovely readers about myself and my life. I bet you guys can keep secrets. Can't you?? I'll start with my background story; well isn't that what all people start with when telling you about their life? I grew up in a happy family (I guess), with a hard-working father and a caring mother. We were really happy together, until that night. That night. That night."Bella, the headmistress wants to talk to you," Alice, my roommate told me.
I live in Dreamy Ville House for Girls, it's an orphan house, that provides all of your needs. I have been living in this old and scrawny house for 10 years, to me this is home. Walking through the halls of this school, bring so many memories back, both good and bad. I have been placed in different foster homes, but they never wanted to adopt me. I reached the auburn wooden door. I have no idea why head mistress Blair wants to talk to me. Blair could be frightening sometimes, however, most of the times she is kind. I knocked on the wooden frame."Come in," I heard Blair call out from the other side of the door. Her voice loud and clear.
"Hello, head mistress Blair, having a lovely afternoon?" I stated, while holding the brightest smile. I always try to be really polite to Blair, because she writes our destinies. "Let's make this quick," she said then added, "pack up your belongings, you're getting adopted."
Finally, told you she writes our destinies, I am free. Hopefully I end up in a wonderful family."Yes miss," I replied. Then I backed away, and got out of her office. I skipped through the halls, until I reached my room.
I packed all of my belongings. Which mostly contained books, since I am such a bookworm.
"Bye Alice," I looked at her while holding the best smirk I could. Let's just say we didn't get along well. "Don't think I am jealous just because you're getting adopted and stuff," she said, with a smirk of her own.
" At least I don't have to stay in this hellhole with you anymore Alice," I snapped back, while leaving the room.I skipped down the cold hallway again... Was I happy? So many thing have happened to me that I am not sure how to react to things.
Outside, the chilly air kissed my bare arms. You could notice how clouds were starting to form, which meant that sooner or later it's going to rain.
When I saw what was waiting outside for me I couldn't believe it. There was a limousine(limo), there and a middle aged lady was waiting by it. Along with the lady a man was waiting by her, their fingers interlaced. I looked down at the paperwork they gave me. the women's name is Shelby, while the guy next to her, her husband, is Tom.
"Let's get going darling we don't have all day," Shelby said, while giving me a disgusting look.
"Excuse me, where would u be taking me?" I question.
"Your new home, ugly creature," she answered.
The ride to "home" was pretty short. Well, to be exact their mansion was placed in the rich part of the town. the part that I would never have been able to live at.
The house was surrounded with crystal fountains and heart shaped bushes(reminded me of Alice in Wonderland.) The butlers and maids ran towards me and picked my luggages. They all seemed nice and kind.I went throw the wooden framed door.
"Your room is upstairs on the third level, next to your stepbrother's room," Shelby informed me.
STEPBROTHERS???????