
Okay. Remind me again why we,re watching this again, asked Anne. Because it,s awesome, Sophie answered. Now shhh! Sophie, Rosa and Anne turned back to the tv.

Donnie: We gotta go save April.
Leanardo: Donnie April can take care of herself we got other issues to deal with.
Donnie: against Kari?!
Leanardo: Last I checked if we don't stop the Krang They will destroy everything that uses water. That includes April.
Donnie: April run! Run for your life!


Bleck, Anne said, Why is he so crazy about April? Sophie stared at the screen sadly. Don,t worry bff, Rosa comforted her. You would be much better then April. I think so too she sniffled. Suddenly there was a loud crash in the kitchen. What was that?! Sophie cried. Anne and Rosa screamed. Krang must find the piece that Krang has lost, said a voice in the kitchen. Is that part of the episode? Asked Anne. No, Sophie said. I pretty much have it memorized, and that never happened. We gotta, run! Rosa cried. Run? Sophie asked her. No. we can handle a bunch of stupid krang. You,re right, Lets go, Rosa sniffled. Hey, Wait! No! Anne cried. It could be dangerous! The three of them walked in the kitchen to see some scary looking krang staring at them. The heck, Anne cried. They look like anime. They are anime, Sophie, answered. Krang must find the piece that krang had dropped, the krang repeated. Huh? Krang sees strange human life forms before krang. Anne screamed. Sophie kicked the Krang in the middle of it,s chest. The brain inside the Krangs chest squealed, and popped out. Ewww! Gross! Said Rosa. The brain squealed again and tried to run away towards Rosa. Eww! Get it away! Rosa grabbed a plate and smashed the brain with it. The brain fell unconscious. Uh, Anne? You can come out now, said Sophie. Sophie came out. Hey whats that she asked pointing at a flat mysterious looking disk. I don,t know, Rosa said, Sophie. No idea, she answered. Sophie walked up to it and pressed a button on it. Oops, she said. Suddenly there was a white flash, and the disk turned into a portal and sucked the three friends in, screaming.