
DISCLAIMER: I do not own any of the Avengers or Marvel characters. All rights go to Marvel. (now that we've got that out of the way, on with the story!)
Arsyn spat at Dr. Drevel's feet, snarling at the small Russian man. Dr. Drevel looked down glancing over at the body of their latest test subject.
"We need results!" Arsyn screamed, stalking away from the Doctor.
"This one lasted a full two days, Arsyn. We are making remarkable progress."
"The Chinese are growing impatient. They want to see a living, breathing test that is worth their money and effort! Our supply of tests have run thin. Bring in the next one and MAKE IT WORK!"
Dr. Drevel mildly observed Arsyn's dramatic exit, turning away as soon as the doors shut. He smiled and kicked the body out of the way. "Clean this up," he said to a hidden lab assistant, who melted out of the shadows and quietly obeyed his orders.
"You," he murmured, pointing at a shivering young boy who wasn't quite as skilled at blending in."Bring in the next one. Let's have a girl this time, shall we?"
A few minutes later, the old body was cleared away and a new one had been brought in, kicking a screaming bloody murder. The Doctor observed her strength, nodding thoughtfully as she was strapped to the lab table. He glided over to her side, grabbing her hand a rubbing it gently.
"Don't touch me!" she growled, fighting to be rid of his touch.
"Oh child, be still. You are only wasting your strength, and trust me, in the days to come you will need strength. I need you to be nice and cooperative for me. Don't worry, I'll explain as I go along. First I am going to remove your shirt, so the process can properly begin. I apologize, we ran out of anesthetic. You will simply have to bear it." Dr. Drevel gave a huge sigh, then motioned and assistant to hand him a small hot iron, with the shape of an octopus on the end.
"Be still now," The Doctor said to the girl.
Arsyn grinned as he heard the screams of a woman echoing down the hall.
Hey y'all! Give this a vote if you liked this so far, comment suggestions, corrections, or anything else! The song of the chapter is I Will Survive by Gloria Gayner. I hope you stick with me as we go through my first story together. Don't worry, the Avengers will be appearing soon! How bout you comment you favorite Avenger. See you soon!!!-EAA