
Everything seems good for me. All of the things i've had was amazing.I've had beautiful life, with my bestfriend Arsyn. We've been friends like forever and no one knows where do we begin this friendship thing.We are busy with ourselves since the bomb in New York City three months ago.We haven't meet again.I got recruited by Welvin and now i'm in this Squad headquarter.Headmistress walked towards my room. Its like a bunker. But i don't care what my room looks like by the way."Hello, Cat." Headmistress said to me. I just smile at her and waving my hand at her. She sit right next to me."Are you feeling good today?" She asked me."Not very well. I've tried to but i don't know, i can't." I tell her as she hugs me."Okay, i don't know how to say but now you should meet The Trinity right away. They were upstairs. Waiting on you. To check you up." Headmistress said."Alright. Let's go." I tell her but she stopped me."Just remember, band aids don't fix bullet holes girl!" Headmistress winked at me and i laugh.
I walked upstairs and meet The Trinity."Welcome, Catastrophe." They greeted me."Well hello Trinity! Why are you girls find me?" I asked them."Yes, we were about to check you up. Because tonight, Welvin Da Great will meet you at the corridor. He wanna give you some case. He hates Lucky Fiori so much." The Trinity said while laying me at a big stuff as an xray checking my body. All over. I'm only on my underwear but not exactly like what you were thinking of. Lucky Fiori is a friend of Welvin and Headmistress. But they were kind of standing with their own problems even they were seeing each other everyday, they haven't talk."You were good today, Cat. The result will be out in 30 minutes." The Trinity said."Thank you. I have to meet Destructa X." I tell her as she mouthing 'goodbye' and i walked out.I saw her at the Guns Room."Hey Destructa, what are you doing here by the way?" I asked her."I'm here to checking my lovely big gun by the way. And ummm, is there anythin' i could help?" Destructa asked back with her british accent."Hmmm i just wondering about James. My boyfriend. We haven't see each other since i got here and being in this Squad. I don't even remember what he is look alike right now. All i remember was James walking together with Arsyn. But i knew she will never did that. Because she knew James loves me more than anything. He keep waiting for me." I said.Destructa put her gun into the locker and hugs me"Its so sad to hear that babe! But don't worry, he will come if he want to see ya." Destructa said as she let go off me."I know. And i have to meet Welvin tonight. He wanted to see me." I tell her."You better hurry, okay. You know, we had dinner tonight together with the rest of team." Destructa said."Yeah okay. See ya." I tell her as i walked out of the Guns Room. I always talk to her like everyday because she knew me as well and understand my feeling whenever i felt so down.
I'm about to meet Welvin. He standing outside his room, right at the corridor."Well good evening, Catastrophe." Welvin greeted me."Evening, Mr. Da Great." I greeted him back."You've got a case." Welvin said."Why it have to be me? I mean i'm new here and there so many good fighters right here like Domino, Headmistress, The Crimson Curse, also Cut Throat. I don't even know what case about by the way." I tell him."Here." He show me a big screen right in front of me, with the high technology."Its Bella Amy. She is the robber in the bank." Welvin said."Oh sorry i think you were wrong man. I can't do that. Domino could do that in 3 seconds without a wink!" I yelled.He stopped me and held my hand."You were amazing. I saw your results. You got the first rank! You made Domino to be in the second rank. Why won't you just try it out? And i choose you because you had that skill! Why don't you just try it?" Welvin said without hang off the Ray Ban glasses he wear.I was confused. I was thinking about the case too.And the James.Maybe i could meet James after the case?That would be great idea!"I'll take the case. When?" "You thinking it so fast! Tomorrow, in the morning. After the breakfast. Because she rob the bank at 8am. Every Sunday." He said as i nod and left him.