
'I am going to have to kill my daughter,' King Lucien of the magical kingdom of Faerlin announced with sadness to the crowd.'Why, why?' The crowd shouted'Because of the witch's curse that said every child of mine will suffer for a year before finally dyeing at sixteen. I want to spare my princess that pain. Kill her when she turns sixteen. She won't have to suffer.'
A tear rolled down the king's cheek and the crowd weeped with him. King Lucien sighed, remembering his days as a prince when he bullied a witch at the school he attended, Magical Talents academy. One day in potion's class, he was partners with the witch he bullied, Annie Robinson. He didn't want to be with her, so he spilled the contents of his half finished potion on to her. 'But the professor said spilling a potion was dangerous and could kill, ' Annie had cried
Lucien was smirking. The potions professor rushed Annie to the hospital. The Doctor's did their best to cure her but to no avail. Annie lay in hospital for over a year and when she was about to die at the end of year, she cursed Prince Lucien. 'When Prince Lucien becomes king and has children, they will suffer for a whole year when they reach fifteen. When they turn sixteen, they will die.' She shuddered her last breaths and lay still, unmoving. The nurse who was with her in shock. She raced to tell the hospital's top doctor. The top doctor's face had  turned pale.
' 'No..' He whispered. 'Tell Prince Lucien about this curse,'the doctor ordered.Prince Lucien's reaction was predictable being the snobbish royal brat he is.'No way she cursed me, I don't believe it..'But Lucien became humble that day of Annie's death. He would never forgive himself. But he would not believe for one second she cursed him.
And as King Lucien looked over the miserable crowd, he regretted it to this very day he did not believe her.
Princess Lucia turned her head away from the window of her bedroom in the palace where she watching everything unfold.
No! I will be turning sixteen in two months, she thought with fear creeping across her face. I cannot let my father become a murdurer! I have to find a way to break it. The library? Maybe she could think of a spell that would bring Rumplestilskin from the book of fairy tales and make a deal? Was there anything, something she could do?
'The witch's Magic dosen't work outside of Faerelin,' a voice said behind her.It was her maid, trying to comfort her.No! Lucia thought. Leaving Faerelin? No way! Can't leave my beloved country and I would lose all my magic! Lucia paced up and down. She had to run. Hide.Anything to stop her father becoming a murdurer...
She felt the breeze of the wind across her face and for a second there felt calm. Just enjoy the present moment of being alive, she told herself. It was a cool spring day in the magical country of Faerelin. The flowers were growing. Birds were chirping. Nature didn't seem to care what was about to happen to Princess Lucia.If she died, life would go on. Knock, knock.Who's there? asked Lucia.'I'm not going to respond with a knock knock joke.''I'm not going to respond with a knock knock who?' Giggled Lucia.'Your best friend, Kate.
Lucia smiled. Someone to share her troubles with!Kate entered the room and immediately through her arms around her.'Oh Lucia, I can't believe you will leave us! We have no heir!''Hey, maybe we can become a democracy like western countries outside Faerelin. We can create a constitution...' Lucia's voiced trailed off.
'But tradition is more important!' Kate exclaimed. 'We must continue the royal bloodline!''but who?' Lucia pressed.SilenceLucia grabbed Kate's arm.'I don't want to die so soon!' She sobbed'I don't want my father to be murdurer.''He's being kind, Lucia. You are a pretty girl with long red hair , brown eyes .Illness will ruin you.''So I should die pretty?' Lucia asked trembling with laughter.'That's not what I am saying.''But you are,'Lucia insisted. She saw her father leave the podium and come towards the castle.'He's coming,' whispered Lucia. 'Is he going to kill me now?'To be continued...