
"You don't remember me," she said and smiled when he nodded. "I'm glad."
She didn't look very glad. In fact, she didn't look like she was feeling anything at all, a perfect neutral mask guarding her emotions.
He could ask her, ask her if she knew him, if he used to know her somehow before, but the blankness of his brain felt so much more comfortable. So he didn't ask, he didn't say anything at all, just stared right back at her.
"Let's go to the kitchen," she said, turning back to the door. "You should be hungry."
He followed her out of the room, his growling stomach answering for him. The kitchen was pretty small as well, all wood and chrome, dimly lit by glowing blue light that didn't seem to come from anywhere in particular.
She gestured for him to sit at the oak table and after a few minutes of the sounds of clinking dishes, she put down a hot bowl of soup in front of him. He thanked her, and started to eat slowly, the liquid burning his throat when he swallowed. She stood leaning against the wall, watching him with conflicting emotions barely flickering in those wide eyes.
After he finished and put the spoon down, the bowl suddenly up and floated away and he almost fell out of his chair with a loud yelp. The girl bit down her smile as the bowl finally landed in the sink. He stared at her, heart manically rattling in his chest.
"Telekinesis," the girl simply said as his spoon lifted off the table and floated in space right above her raised index finger.
"Who are you?" he asked, but he really didn't care as long as she let him stay here. He didn't want to leave this place for some reason.
"Lacie," she answered. "Your biggest enemy."
The blankness in his mind twitched a little, like static. He gave her a questioning glance and she smiled sweetly at him as the spoon floated to the sink to join the bowl.
"But not anymore, not really, because you don't remember. Plus, you're really cute when you're not plotting my murder."
"I..." The static twitched again. "I was plotting your murder?"
"Mine and half the world's."
She looked so calm but he was so confused. "I...?"
Leaning toward him over the table until her face was inches away, her gaze turned serious. He had to blink a few times because her eyes were like a starry sky and suddenly that choking feeling of despair was back.
"But you're not anymore. You're not him anymore." His brain was going haywire, glitching like a broken laptop screen. "You killed him."
He reared back, unbalancing the chair which came crashing to the floor, gravity pulling him with it. Chest heaving and vision blurring with involuntary tears. She kneeled next to him as he looked up at her angelic face.
"I sent you the apple, Prince Yuki," she said, brushing his black hair away from his forehead with her warm fingers. "In the note, it said that if you eat it, it'll erase you. I didn't know if you'd eat it or throw it away and continue with your plan."
"I don't remember anything..." His forehead was burning painfully from her touch and she finally removed her hand.