

. . . . . . . . . I Snow White I . . . . . . . . .

. . . . . I Frost Kingdom I . . . . . .
Everything was white. Even though it was night, even though the sky was pitch black. He could feel the whiteness all around him. He stumbled over the snow as he ran, sloppy fat snowflakes clinging to his hair and clothes, clumping his eyelashes and burning the skin of his face.
He didn't know what he was doing, he didn't even know where he was. He ran anyway, as fast as he could, because of this feeling, this wrenching, suffocating, clingy feeling of absolute dread. He had no memories, not even of his own name. His brain was a blank sheet of stark white, like hospital walls.
It was cold, oh so freezing, but he didn't feel it. He just knew. His thin white shirt clung to his arms and chest and back, crackling with frost as he moved, his tight black pants almost felt like they were a part of his skin. His breath came out in puffs, white smoke sparkling as it made contact with the snowflakes twirling all around him.
And he ran and ran and ran until he couldn't feel his bare feet anymore, until he felt like his lungs finally collapsed from so much rushed breathing. His whole immune system was starting to slowly shut down, protesting his overexertion with blurring vision and the threat of passing out. He paid his body no attention and continued to run, although at a much slower pace, until he saw a burning blue light in the distance. Gathering all the strength he had left, he half-ran, half-crawled to the light's source, which turned out to be a small wooden cabin, and collapsed the moment his shaking fist came in contact with the door.
~*~ ~*~ ~*~
The whiteness was so incredibly blinding and harsh that it hurt his brain. He slowly opened his eyes and the world around him came into a much softer, and thankfully darker, focus. He was laying down on something warm and soft, with a dark grey wool blanket pulled all the way up to his chin. He could hear the crackling of a fireplace somewhere beyond his line of vision.
Everything was so hot and stuffy and suffocating and his heart was beating double its regular speed. He took his hands out from under the blanket and tried to prop himself up into a sitting position.
The room was small and softly lit by the dancing flames of the fireplace in the corner. The bed he was in was on the opposite side of a huge window, but he couldn't see outside because it was covered with heavy velvet draperies. The floor was wood, just like the walls, and a thin patterned carpet was set right in the middle of it.
There was a smell in the room, something so subtle that he couldn't quite pin-point it exactly, something along the lines of lilacs and roses and blood and something else. He's sure he'd never smelt it before, but it was making his hands curl up in fists on their own accord, whether in anger or in fear, he wasn't sure.
He threw the covers off of himself, exhaling in relief as the slightly cooler air surrounded him. His heartbeat wouldn't slow down, even though he had no clue what caused it to go so fast in the first place. His mind felt so blank that he didn't even care how unsettling it was.
The door on the far right opened soundlessly, but his head quickly snapped toward the movement. The girl closed the door behind her and slowly walked toward him, and he was hit with that smell much harder this time. He kept his face blank as he observed her; white, almost sparkling long wavy hair, wide twinkling eyes that pierced right into his soul (he wasn't sure if that was even possible because it felt like he already had his soul sucked out of him). She was wearing black and purple that covered every part of her body other than her pale face. And when she spoke, her voice was the tinkling of icicles on frozen pines, the sound those spinning ballerina music boxes made when they twirled.