
Sly's POV (you will figure out everything about him later)The same as every other day... sun up, head out to explore... except this time was different. 'A fire? In the woods?' I run towards the source... but my hand... oh no. (His left hand was pure bone, but withered brown)... I start to run again, and see what I hoped not to... a village. Being attacked by the army of death. I was about to step to help, but then the village's guard stepped in... and faught back. I felt my hands twitch... all blood... so much delicious blood... I couldn't take it. I ran in, smeared a bit of blood on my left hand, licking it clean... first mistake. I give a feral roar, my eyes turning completely red... I ran into the fight, channeling my magic, and blasted a assasin with fire. I then ran, getting the attention of two tankers and a few dread knights. A magic circle formed around me, creating a dome of light. I crossed my arms, and bursted the dome, making a explosion of light, killing the tankers and dreadknights, and anything in a ten-block (it's a MC fanfic whaaaat?) Radius. I smiled wickedly as I approached a downed, and bleeding... female archer? "Hey. You ok?"I said, and she backed up, gasping from the pain. "Easy, easy. Hey, look at me... good girl."I smiled at her, with her blushing like mad as she looked me over... i'm 6' 9, with a lean yet strongly muscular build. I have differnt color eyes: Red on the left with gold specks, and gold on the right with red specks. The strangest part is, i'm a furry. Wolf, to be exact. I have black fur, and I was wearing black jeans with tight black army boots that go halfway up my leg from knee to foot, covering the last bit of my jeans. I have a black shirt with a symbol on the back, i'm not sure what it means, and I also wear a robe-like cloak that doesn't have a hood, and it was black, yes I know i'm obsessed with the color black but it's the only thing other than dark grey that matches my fur. My muscles tend to show through my shirt, so i'm assuming that is why she is blushing. "What is your name?" I ask, putting a hand on her cheek, and smiled warmly, healing her of the darkness and the wound. "C-courtney..." she said after a minute or two staring into my eyes. "I'm Sly. Sly the wolf." I sat next to her, and made a dome of light around us, turning to her. I smiled as a few more tankers come and attack the dome, but were frozen... warlocks? The village guard has warlocks? They froze the holes and entrances to the village walls, and made a dome of ice around the village... I turn to Courtney, who has fallen asleep on my shoulder... she looked adorable... I looked down... I was hard. 'No no no, Sly. She probably has or had a boyfriend before she was turned...' but still, my mind said no, but my body, however, said yes. I slipped a arm around her, rubbing her side. I reached under her shirt, and lightky squeezed her right breast, and slipped my hand away as she woke up... I slightly smiled... I would never, ever do that... I really don't know what came over me. I dispersed the light, and got up, walking away, killing off any survivors that belonged to death...???'s POVI ran straight to the church as the village guard advanced on the left wall, and ran inside to the podium, grabbing the silver sword, dipping it in the holy water...the water hardened around the sword, and I grabbed a few bottles, filling it up with holy water... I ran out, going into a fighting stance... 'Looks like training to be one of the village guard paid off.' I ran, slashing at any death that got in my way. I stabbed a female archer in the chest from behind, and ran off in a different direction, killing anything that got in my way, and watched as what must be a mage kill two tankers, giant zombies with bones showing here and there, and a few dreadknights, and I was hit on my head, everything turning black...
(A/N hey guys , girls and fellow furs! This is my first story, so sorry if it's a little bad. But, If you liked it, let me know and i'll update ASAP. I think it's a fair chapter... pretty short, though. If there are any flaws, tell me, i'll work them out. Also, cliffhanger! Est out!)