
The shadows, it seems, have minds of their own. They creep across the cool stone floors as the dim light casting onto the stone flees in a panic, relinquishing the cell to the cruel shadows. Outside the thick oak doors are screams and moans, growing louder as any remaining light dies, leaving us to the shadows.
This place, this prison, has always been woven into my life. Never directly, of course. But everywhere I go, the Prison is there. It has always been concealed by whispers, cloaked in secrecy. Not many know about this damned place- myself being one of the unfortunate few. The chill creeps into my bones, soaking through my skin like ice.
A scream sounds outside my room and I shrink back against the stone wall opposite of the door. This is the first time they had found my cell. Every night that I have spent in this hell has been generally the same- moaning and screams of agony and fear as They find victims. Never have they been so close, never outside my door. But tonight I will fall victim to the pain and torture.
The rough surface of the wall digs into my bare back, fear creeping into my throat. I bring my knees up to my chest, staring dead ahead as I wait. High pitched laughter rings through my ears as one of Them begins to bang against the door. I can just make out the faint torch light from the bottom of the door along with many shadows. The sunlight has completely withdrawn from my cell so the only light besides the torch was from the full moon.
Maybe if I don't scream they'll leave.
The though is all in vain, everyone in this prison knows that. Once you are chosen, there is no way to escape.
Instead of dwelling on my not-so-pleasant realization, I busy my mind to happier things. All of the people I've known and cared for in my short seventeen years on the earth, some faces lingering more than others. So many regrets in so many of these faces.
I wrap my fingers around a small nail I had pulled from the wall- my only weapon. The door's heavy hinges begin to loosen, wood splintering. They are almost in.
"I don't want to die," I whisper, my voice quivering slightly. "I don't want to die."
The door finally gives in, the lock ripped apart, and all hell breaks loose.