
"Snatched a few files from the office before lunch," she said. "Full name, Xander Valadin. Poor attendance, dropping grades, unsociable and a few other not-so-nice comments made by a few of his teachers."
I stare in wonder at the file in front of me.
"If anyone says anything, you didn't hear nothing, got it?" she said sipping on her juice box.
"Holy shit," Emily exclaimed, sweeping through the papers with no trouble. She nodded approvingly. "Hey, do you think you can get Anderson's student record for me?"
Kailey raised an eyebrow at Emily's request. Miles Anderson was a close friend who would occasionally talk with us, but for some reason Emily hates his guts.
"No offense, but you stalking him or something?" Kailey asked, stifling a laugh alongside me.
"'Course not," she said waving it off. "I just heard he may have some information worth blackmailing." She said it as if it didn't even faze her.
I just place my head in my hands. I shuffle through the file, and close it shut, not wanting to read even a word of it.
"Please, just take this folder back to where ever you found it," I plead.
She shrugs her shoulder and mumbles a "your loss."
"This was jam-packed with info," she said holding it closely. Soon after, the bell rings and we go our separate ways.
Xander Valadin, I repeat in my head, and just sigh, a mixture of both tired and curious. I think about my next class, and my thoughts all dart towards stress and worry.

Gym, it had to be gym, I think, chasing after the soccer ball as if someone was actually going to pass it to me. Over in front, Valerie was passing the ball back and forth like a professional, catching the attention of multiple guys on the other side of the field.
This was one thing she would always be amazing at, sports. We scored once again, thanks to her, and I made my way over to the bench. I turn the volume on my headphones up a bit more, and stuff the phone deeper into my pocket so that no one would notice. I go back to jogging around the field, making sure to blend into the crowd, even waving my hands around to make it more convincing.
I almost drop to my knees as our coach blows her whistle, signaling us to move onto the next station.
Frisbee here I come.
By now, I can barely stand up straight and so I don't understand how other girls aren't even breaking a sweat after that game of death. Suddenly, the coach taps my shoulder and hands me a folder, and tells me to bring it to the office.
I'm pretty sure she realizes I'm dying from all the running and is giving me a break.
I enter the building once again, in clothes sticking to my body from the sweat, and make my way to the office. Some were having a free period and standing around in the hall, going through their phones and books. I walk by the supposedly the off-limits door that led to the rooftop. Some would sneak up there to do who knows what, so the sign on the door was obviously not helping.
The door suddenly opens, and two guys step out. My eyes lock on a specific pair, and I stare without losing eye contact. Valadin. He seemed surprised, but quickly covered it up and passed right by me, walking along with his friend. I recognized him from somewhere, blonde hair and dark eyes. I watched them pass through the hallway, both of them were talking intensely, arguing.