
S E P T E M B E R
"Just Be Pretty, But Naïve, Anything You Hear is What You Believe." ~ Passion For Publication - Anarbor
I brushed the ends of my hair furiously with my near-broken comb. And they said short hair was easier to brush, I thought sarcastically. I threw my brush down on the sink, not wanting to tug out my hair by the roots, and fixed my glasses.
I should get contacts, I thought fiddling with the lenses. I run my hair backwards with my fingers, revealing several red bumps along the hairline. Acne, of course, I scoffed, splashing some cold water in my face to wake me up. Suddenly my alarm clock starts going off again in my room, and I grumpily slam on the snooze button and throw myself onto my very, very comfortable bed. If only I could sleep here forever, I think as I slowly closed my eyes and relaxed.
"SEPTEMBER! UP AND READY!" my mom shouted from downstairs. I groaned loudly and quickly threw on a plain black t-shirt with the Bad Suns logo scrawled all over it, a pair of black leggings and a red flannel shirt and tied it over my waist. I slip on my denim hat and stuff my bag with whatever I need before running downstairs.
My mother was in the kitchen dressed in her usual work attire, consisting of a white blouse and black dress pants. My dad was most likely upstairs sleeping because he's got another day off. My mother scans my outfit up and down, before shaking her head.
"September, what happened to all those nicer clothes I got you over the summer?" she asks.
I look back at my shirt. "What's wrong with what I'm wearing?"
She shakes her head and mumbles a 'nothing' before turning back to the stove. I grab a piece of toast, and just when I'm about to sit down with a nice glass of water-
"10 minutes!" my mother says placing my lunch and water bottle on the counter.
I run back and forth between the kitchen and the front door. I stuffed my stuff inside my bag and threw it towards the door.
"6 minutes!"
I quickly grab a pair of socks and slip them on.
"3 minutes!"
Shit, I thought. I left my phone upstairs. I quickly look at the clock and run upstairs, grabbing my phone and pair of headphones, and zooming back downstairs.
Record time.
I slip on a random pair of shoes, not bothering to tie the laces, and step out, yelling a quick goodbye. I fast-walked over to the bus stop and took a seat on the bench. I turn on my phone to check the time. 3 minutes until arrival. I plug in the headphones and slip them on, playing my favorite Anarbor album on shuffle.
I close my eyes for a few seconds and everything seemed so nice and calm and perfect. Every other sound seemed to be blocked out by the sound of an electric guitar. Until the roar of an engine completely took over. I scowl at the loud sound of opening doors and men and women in suits and skirts running in and out of the bus. My hand latches onto a pole and I pull myself in before the doors close. Most of the seats were completely empty but I decide to lean against the side of a door, balancing myself by holding onto a pole above me.
Little by little, people starting piling in, most of which were giving me strange looks. At first it was easy to ignore, but out of curiosity, I looked back down at my outfit. My shirt was on the right way, my leggings didn't have a hole in them. My shoes on the other hand, weren't helping me. One was a dark blue, and one was a bright purple.
I scowled at my 'choice of shoes.' No wonder people were looking at me like I was crazy. I cranked the volume of my music until I couldn't even hear my own thoughts.