
One guy was on the floor holding his cheek, a vein clearly popping out of his forehead and his face as red as a tomato. Quarterback Garrett Elwen seemed fuming mad, there was no possible way the opponent would be able to survive anymore yelling. The other guy was standing up perfectly straight, his eyes covered mostly by his mess of hair, staring down at the fuming Garrett in front of him.
Garrett took another swing, but missed drastically and fell back to the floor.
"YOU'RE DEAD VALADIN! YOU HEAR ME? DEAD!"
At this point, students were already making up their own sides of the story and spreading it on to other people. The teachers had intervened in the situation and started yelling at the students back and forth. One grabbed Garrett by the shoulders and led him to the nurse's office, and the other teachers led the other guy to the office. He was in for a long lecture. I leaned against my locker, acting perfectly natural, wanting to get a good look at the situation, more importantly, at the other guy.
He didn't even seem fazed by the fact that he was likely getting a suspension, or expulsion. He glanced back and forth between lockers, and his eyes landed on me for a very split second, before turning away again.
The bell rang, signaling the start of first period, and I walked over to my first class.
The only thing I thought about was how the color of his eyes, reminded me of caramel.

During lunch, I definitely wasn't my usual self, pointed out to me by both Kailey and Emily.
"You're spacing out again," she said waving her hands in front of my face, and sighed. "Did you hear about 'trouble in paradise?"
I knew exactly who she was talking about. I gestured for her to go on.
"Please, I wouldn't be a bit surprised if those two just broke it off, spread some rumors about an STD, hook up with each other's best friends, and still be able to get back together," Emily said as if it was the most pathetic thing in the world.
"Turns out the new 'it' couple's on and off again relationship is taking a toll of poor Valerie's heart."
Valerie was a close friend who, after she got into a relationship with the quarterback Garrett, slowly got into the whole cycle of date, ditch, party and repeat. We haven't talked much throughout the last few months, and during the summer we practically ignored each other.
"Not much of a surprise," I said, staring off into the blank space on the wall once again.
"'Course not," Kailey scoffed. "She told her 'friends' this morning, and I quote, 'I'm getting sick of this love me, and then ditch me attitude.' End quote."
I nodded along to what she was saying.
"Apparently that's what this morning's fight was all about. Garrett caught 'Valadin' and Valerie together, apparently, and I quote again, 'holding hands and even sharing a kiss.' End quote."
Emily waved her hand dramatically, as if the cafeteria was on fire. "Ouf. Trouble in paradise is right."
I don't know exactly how Kailey ever gets around to knowing these things, but I guess with the title of a Student Secretary in the office, social media research and a habit of stalking and snooping could get you far.
"Who's 'Valadin?'" I suddenly blurt out.
She placed her hand on my shoulder. "Dear friend, I thought you'd never ask." She threw a folder on the table and leaned back in her chair, looking extremely proud of herself.