
The bus passed around four more stops before it stopped around the general region in which I was headed. I jumped off, turning the volume down a bit, and began my walk to Hell. Also known as high school. Suddenly, I feel a pair of hands push me forward slightly and I stumble.
"Did I scare you?" a familiar voice asked me.
I laugh at my friend's silliness. Kailey swung her arm around my shoulder and began putting on all of her weight on my side. She knows I hate having to basically drag her to school.
"Hey!" she says poking my side. "Did you finish the essay?" she asks lazily. Kailey was basically the only person I knew who had the nerve to leave her homework to the very last minute, and then ask you for the answers.
"No you can't copy me," I say evilly. She groans internally and I know she was most likely getting another detention for incomplete work.
"Just kidding Tem," she said. "I actually finished it this time.
I laugh and mumble a finally.
We turn at the third block and turned onto school property. Most people had already arrived in their fancy cars and had already started crowding up the halls. A few girls in my homeroom were standing at the front entrance, either gossiping or making new plans for the weekend.
I make my way to my locker, stuffing my bag inside and taking out a sketchbook and an ink pen for class doodling, and finally a pair of bluetooth earbuds that nobody could tell apart from my hair.
The chatters and laughter suddenly got louder and I turned the volume up higher.
Kailey stood beside me, talking about some new album that was said to come out this year. She was the only person I knew that got the word before I ever have. Any news about a concert or band, she would always get to it first and completely swallow it up. She was in her usual choice of clothing which was a way oversized red hoodie and a pair of bleached jeans, with her hair up in a messy bun. I felt a tap on my shoulder, and turned around to see Emily, one of our best friends and a complete smartass.
She waves her hands in front of my face, and I realize that I drifted off once again. She rolls her eyes and grins.
"You've got to stop doing that Tem," she says pulling out a few books from the locker next to mine. Oh the joy of having to encounter a know-it-all every day of your life.
"One day you're going to walk off a cliff without realizing it." Kailey and I laugh at her remark, and she can't help but pull a smile.
Out of nowhere, people start running towards the end of the hallway, whipping out their phones for pictures and videos.
"Probably another stupid fight," Emily scoffed.
At the moment, Kailey pulled out a small cd case and my eyes widened. "As I was saying, remebe-"
The sound of bodies slamming against lockers and the floor, fists flying in every direction, and clicks from cameras and cellphones could be heard from miles away. It went quiet for a split second.
"Now, see th-" Kailey was interrupted once again by the sound of yelling, and she rolled her eyes, annoyed.
She grabbed my arm and led me to the end of the hallway and the giant crowd finally came into view. She pushed most of the people out of the way rudely and squeezed into the front to see what all the fuss was about and dragged me with her.