
I hate when he does this.
Devin pops his head from the bushes,smiling,and I stick my tongue at him. He moves toward me. I glance up at the house he sprayed painted,my mouth dropping. "You did not just spray paint Principal Dose's house?" I asked. Devin shrugs and smile. He is so sexy-pure African,a perfect white smile, and a nice,bald head. He is very tall,as well. Devin places the cans of paint into a black bag. I sit down,my short dress going up."You were lace?"asked Devin,glancing at me. I try to close my legs. Devin sits next to me,his left arm around me,and his right on his penis. "Do you sometimes think we might do that?" he asked. I look at him and look away. The moon was shining bright,and our school prom just ended an hour ago. My mother has been texting me for the past thirty minutes,worried."I don't know.",I answered. "Can you just take my home? My mother is worried,and I'm already in trouble. My curfew was an hour ago." Devin sighs and nods. We walk toward his black Charger and enter it. Devin starts the engine and looks at me. "Can I take you somewhere first,Ta Ta?"he asked. He uses the nickname my younger sister,Nicole, gave to me. "Sure.",I answered. "But,make it quick. I don't want to be in trouble forever." Devin smiles and pulls away from the houses."Where are you taking me,anyway?" I asked. Devin makes a right and glances at me. "To a place you used to be at when we were younger.",he answered. I smile and relaxed. "You mean the small park Corps Hill shut down?""Yes.",Devin answered. He parks his car at an old parking lot,and gets out. Devin opens my door and helps me out. I look onto a grassland and see a few lights. "Late night dinner?" I asked. Devin nods. We walk together toward the lights, and I freeze.
This was not a late night dinner.
There was a blanket on the ground,with two pillows upon it. Another blanket laid near the right of a basket full of wine,strawberries,and two glasses. Devin looks at me and pulls me toward him. He bends his head and kisses me. I blush,and my hands trace Devin's back. This doesn't feel right. Devin is two years older than me. "Relax.",Devin says,unzipping my dress. His hands traces my butt,and Devin giggles. "Got a lot, do you?"he asked. I don't make eye contact,only try to move. Devin pushes my dress to the ground and traces my butt. I bite on my lip and close my eyes. Devin pulls of my panties and bra. We lay down,Devin on top of me. He pulls his shirt off and undos his belt. "Devin,please.",I say. Devin shakes his head and shoves off his pants and boxers. His penis sticks up,and Devin leans in to kiss me. I try to reject,but the windy taste of his breath enters my mouth. Devin's penis thrust me,and I begin moaning. My body becomes warm,and I close my eyes. Devin moves faster and groans. I try moving,but Devin is stronger than before. He kisses me,again,and thrust again.
Devin climaxes.
"No!" I sob. Tears slip down my eyes and onto my slightly,large breast. Devin's eyes grow wider. He stares at the bushes and sits up. "Who's there?"he asked. I stay still and look at Devin. The bushes move,and Devin reaches for the basket. He pulls out a gun and points it at the bush. "Who the fuck is in the bush?"Devin yells."Take a guess.",says a deep voice. Devin turns around and falls,a gun going off. I scream and crawl onto my knees. I rushed toward a bathroom and open the door. Footprints follow me.I look for a window and open it. The bathroom door opens, a tall figure appearing. "Where the hell are you,Taylor? You owe me a lot!"yelled the voice. I jump out the window and dash toward Devin's car. The footprints follow me,faster,and I fall. A pair of hands grab me,and someone laughs. I try to scream,but a mouthful of dirt lands in my mouth. "You can always find you. Running or not.",the voice said. "Either you pay or you can die. What is your choice?" I move and the dirt exits my mouth. "Who are you?" I screamed. The hands throw me down and slaps me. "What do you mean by the damn question?"yelled the voice." I'll kill your stupid ass! Your mother didn't tell you that I am your-""How do you know me?" I asked. The shadow moves and smiles. It pulls out a gun and points it at me. "Taylor,who am I?"it asked. I begin to shake, a quick,cold sweat appearing. "Who am I?"yelled the voice. "Answer, before I blow your head off!" I start to cry and cover my mouth. "You're my..you're my..",I cry. The shadow groans and pulls the tigger. I fall down,my head thob. The world becomes dark. "Well, I hope someone cared for you,because your father did. I did.",the voice says.
The world disappears.