
School is finally over!  I am the most happy out of anyone! I haven't had a friend since middle school and I have never had a boyfriend. It's not that I am weird, it's just that I have a lot going on in life and don't have much time for anyone else.  I do feel bad for the people I used to be friends with.  They moved to Canada in middle school and they never called me again.  All the boys in my grade are very geeky and annoying! Not to mention most of them like all the preps and girly girls.  I am more of the tomboy jock.  Life is hard, yes, but it's still great.  I have always had a crush on Mike Lonker. He is a very tall person, black hair, sand color skin, and big blue eyes.  I mean, what are the odds of him liking a girl like me?  I am the most absolute dork and weirdo in the world!
"We are here today to celebrate the students of this West Texas Middle School!" The principal cried with delight.  I was bored out of my mind.  I had to stand there like an idiot while everyone was watching me.  I was wearing a short blue dress, red lipstick brighter than then the sun, my mom's three inch heels, and she made me get my nails painted bright PINK! Pink, out of all colors, she had to paint them pink.  I stood there as they were calling out people to congratulate for their "effort" this year.  Most of the people cheated, lied, or didn't even care. I was surprised to see Mal get called up.  Mal and I were friends, but then she started hanging out with the popular people and I left. She got mad at me and I tried to say sorry, but she wouldn't listen.  She would say "I hate you." or "We aren't friends anymore!". I always would put it off as her being a jerk, but then she meant it. I have wanted to tell her never to talk to me ever again, or else I would kill myself because of her. I wasn't listening, but then I heard my name.  The principal said these exact words:
"Now, this next student is very special. She got the highest G.P.A out of everyone in the whole school.  She has worked so hard and I am so proud of her! Please give a big round of applause to Dylan Blakesly!" She looked at me and smiled. I could see Mal look at me as if she were sorry to be a jerk to me. I just gave her the dirtiest look I have ever given anyone in my entire life.  She looked as if she were about to cry about. I didn't care. I walked up with the biggest smile I have ever given this year.  They played my favorite song, Don't Wait, and I swaggered up to the microphone.  She handed me the microphone and I smiled. I acted looked and felt like a prick. The thing that made it even worst was that Mike was watching me! I felt all eyes on me.
"Hi." I smiled. I could feel the awkwardness in the room.
"I know, I don't look like the type of person that would get good grades. I do though." I smiled and the crowd laughed. I looked at Mike and he was laughing.
"So, I would like to thank my parents for supporting me throughout the year.  I have tried my hardest to get up here this whole year.  Like to get one of the top grades, not the top grade." The crowd laughed again. Mal looked at me as if I were a crazy person. I was trying to go for sweet, so I smiled at her. She just looked over at Mike and gave him a dirty look.  He stopped laughing and gave her a sad face.
"Let's get real. The teachers have pushed me hard this year, but I know it was for a good cause. Not like donating to help cancer good, but good enough to let me pass with flying colors." This got the crowd the best. The principal was even laughing! I knew I had a good sense of humor, but not this good!  She walked over and took the microphone away from me.  She pointed over to the other students. I walked up to where she told me to stand and smiled.
"Let's give Dylan a big round of applause!" She clapped. The rest of the crowd stood up and started going crazy! I started laughing, waving, and blushing.  Mike looked at me and chuckled.  I looked at him and he stopped and smiled.  Once the applause was over, the school year was over! Next year would be my last year!  My mom and dad ran up to me and hugged me.