
The 600th floor of the Empire State Building shook alarmingly as the last of the Olympians filed in through the great doorway etched with moving people, who were now screaming in terror. Erebus was coming.
What did the shadow god want with Olympus? Everything. If the last of the gods that were still fighting didn't go into hiding, there wouldn't be an Olympus anymore.
"I still don't see why we can't at least fight him. It's better to die honorably than to be found cowering," Athena argued for the umpteenth time. That woman was stubborn.
"I agree," Ares replied on the war goddess's side. "They are attacking our home; I need to taste blood."
"Honey, listen, we have it all planned out. We'll plot revenge when we have a decent place to think," Aphrodite cooed. Hephaestus let out an agonizing groan.
"Dudes, shut up," Apollo said over the shouting. Everyone went silent except for a very prominent kissing noise. "Ok, we all need to- hey, lovebirds! Could you please make out after we totally kick butt? Thanks. We all need to stay calm.  Dad'll come in a minute and tell us the plan."
Hades's face was etched with shadows in his obsidian throne. He wasn't really sure if he should follow his younger brother into battle; Zeus always just messed things up. Hades wasn't an Olympian, but they needed all the help they could get.
"Who will work the Underworld?" The lord of the dead asked impatiently. The last thing he needed was to have to wrangle a bunch of zombies out of the streets of Manhattan.
"Brother, stop worrying," Poseidon reassured him, his sea green eyes sparkling like always. Easy for him to say, thought Hades, all he does is watch a bunch of fish swim in their own poop.
Zeus walked in with his lightning bolt at his side. "Brothers, sisters, sons, and daughters, the day has come."
"What do you mean?" Hermes inquired. His usual mischievous smile was wiped away as if someone had slapped him. "We're fighting, right?"
Zeus sighed, and looked down at his mighty weapon. The grand building shook again, and a rain of dust clouded their vision for a few seconds. "Look at this," he said in a sorrowful voice. He hefted his bolt as if to strike something, but all that came out were a few sparks.
"They don't work anymore?" said a disappointed Poseidon. He loved his trident. Now it was just a big pointy fork thing.
Chaos broke out across the throne room. This room was where they had dominated enemies, bickered about random stuff that no one really cared about, and even saw their children become as victorious as them. Now all of those memories were being rubbed away violently by fear as if they were never there.
"SILENCE!" Zeus stomped his foot on the ground, having to improvise for the impressive sound of his master bolt. He looked more tired than when they were battling Typhon together. Gray streaks were slowly etching themselves in his black hair; he was fading. They all were.
"Brother," Hades was trying not to choke up. "My wife. What's going to happen to Persephone? I was hoping she would be here, and I haven't seen her since the skeleton soldiers turned on us..."
Demeter's wheat-blonde head shot up at this remark. She was so surprised he actually cared about her; all that time she had thought it was her daughter's pretty face and dainty fingers that attracted him. The dying grain goddess leaned over and put a caring hand on her brother's. Her sky-blue eyes met his dark and tortured ones with as much support she could muster in her pain.
Zeus sighed again, but this time his body shuddered. "We will all probably die before we would even get a chance to fight. I will tell you the plan only if you promise to keep quiet," his electric eyes bore into each and every one of theirs. "We obviously cannot keep this form. Now, tell me, what is the safest place for godly beings?"