
Welcome to a new experiment. I saw a lot of stories like this so I decided to try to write three (of no relation to each other.) But idk how long it'll take. So, here goes part 1!
Dedicated to: @eva_maree because she is my inspiration for writing this story. I hole my story isn't as cliché as some of the others out there like this,  but a lot of it probably will be. You've been warned. And you guys should definitely go check out Message Recieved by @eva_maree.  It is nowhere near being cliché and she is a good writer!
The new Taryn--->
***
unknown: hi
me: who is this, and how did you get my number?
unknown: you don't need to know that yet. you look nice in black btw.
me: who is this? if you're some kind of perv i s2g
unknown: i'm not a perv. how is that the first conclusion you jump too?
me: unknown number, knows what I wore today. you're either a perv, a rapist, or a stalker.
unknown: i could be all three
me: ew, i hope not.
unknown: if you saw me you'd beg for it
me: fuck you
unknown: come over then
me: bye
unknown: really?
unknown: Taryn, seriously?
"Who are you texting?" "No one." "Taryn, you're such a bad liar. Fork it over." Savanah makes a grab for the phone and I pull it back. "Seriously Vanah, I'd tell you if I knew." Her eyebrows shoot up under her fringe. "You mean you don't know?" "Nope." "Well is it a guy?" "I don't know. Lemme ask."
asshole: *whiny voice* tarbear
me: nicknameing me already? quick question, are you a boy or a girl?
asshole: boy
"It's a dude." "Ask him to send a pic!" "Doubt it. He won't tell me who he is."
me: if you don't tell me who you are imma call you dickey. nickname you lil dick
asshole: do it then. it's gross and immature but okay. and trust me, it's not little. ;)
me: pft, yeah right
"You seem to like talking to Mr. Anonymous." "Eh, he's alright."
lil dick: why were you talking to derrick today?
me: cause he's a hot football player
lil dick: never thought that'd be your type
me: you don't even know me
lil dick: i know enough
me: prove it then. what's my full name?
lil dick: your name is Taryn Amelia Sanders. you like old cartoons like the Flintstones and the original Scooby-Doo. your favorite colors are purple and black and you have a pet cat named tuffy and a Siberian husky puppy named wolfie.
me: O.ome: i asked my name, not my full life story