
*Third person view (for now)*" Is this a good idea?" Tj asked his brother Henry. " Of course! Plus Luna and Chrissy will be there," Henry replied smiling. He knew that would not sway his brother but it would sway him. Tj has always liked Luna, since grade school. Thought Henry knew nothing of this. While they drove on towards the mountain cabin where they would be staying faint music played in the background. The rest of the trip was silent. By night fall the boys arrived at their uncles cabin, to find the girls already there. They walked through the door to find the cabin as it always has been. Everything was made of wood and wool or cotton. A simple cabin home in the seclusive woods. Just as the boys set down their things in the living room the girls bounded down the stairs. " Hi Henry! Hi Tj!" Chrissy called. Luna repeated as they hugged each other in greeting. They slowly migrated outside and sat down on the deck that swept three quarters around the house. " So I planned hang gliding tomorrow," Luna exclaimed. Everyone nodded their approval except Tj. " What's wrong Tj?" Chrissy asked as Henry snorted. " Little bro's just scared. I'm gonna get snacks," he said and got up. Chrissy imeadiently followed him. Luna and Tj sat in silence watching the sky. Suddenly a dark shape crossed over the stars. " Do you see that?" Luna's asked. Tj nodded but hoped it wasn't true. The shape looked like a bird, but very large and had a canine like body. It swept closer to them and them turned to the side, flying away." That was weird," Tj commented. Luna nodded and looked around. She suddenly gasped, " Look out!" Luna jumped at Tj and they dove to the ground, just as a giant wing hit their backs. Tj looked up and heard the crash of the barbecue from around the house. " Damn it!" Luna shouted as she jumped up. Tj jumped up too and they slowly made their way around the bend. Tangled in the awning was the strangest creature any of them have seen.It was a giant wolf and it had wings. The wolf was grey and white. It's eyes were a bright purple. " Hanadachimu!" It growled as it erupted into a flurry of feathers and fur. Tj gasped. He looked at Luna in wonder." It spoke," he whispered. It wasn't a language he recognized. Suddenly the wolf burst from the awning and flew off. " What are you guys doing?" Henry asked from behind them. Tj whipped around and burst into a story. " There was this wolf! And it had purple eyes! And wings! And-" " Whoa little bro! What exact drugs have you been taking?" Tj fumed and turned to Luna. She shook her head silently and went inside. Taking one last look at the night sky Tj could almost hear the frustrated growls of the creature as it stumbled through the sky.