
"Oh hi dear!"
"Hey Nila!" My mom hugged her.
"Hello mrs Grier" my dad added.
"What!" I put my hands over my mouth
"Something wrong"
"No." I hope there and more than one Grier family in North Carolina...
I walked in to see Hayes and Nash playing with their little sister.
"Awh" I smiled. Hayes noticed.
"Wanna play with us?" Nash asked.
"Uhm,if that's okay with you ALL" I made it clear about Hayes.
"Sure why not" Hayes said sighing.
"Hi what's your name" I asked.
"Skylynn. what's your name!"
"Scarlett" I smiled. she was so beautiful and cute! I couldn't get enough of her goofiness.
It was all fun and games until his step mom came in.
"Hayes,why don't you take Scarlette to the arcade by our home? Be a gentlemen." she giggled.
"Okay Nila." he said grabbing my hand and going out.
We got out and Hayes took me to the arcade without saying a word.
"Are you hungry?" He finally said something.
"Yeah. But only if you are I guess" I got embarrassed at the way I put it.
"Yeah. Want pizza?"
"That'd be great." I said. he grabbed my hand again making me uncomfortable.
He ordered us a pizza and took me to the seating.
"Hayes"
"Yeah"
"I'm really not trying to be rude,but at school you push me around and punch me and slap me and h-h-hurt me. But,when we're alone your just this really nice guy... Before you answer,What did I do wrong." I said my eyes beginning to water.
"Because. I have mixed feeling about you. I used to like you in the 6th grade Mrs Tommy Winchester." he hit the table.
"That's why?"
"Yes. Seeing you with Tommy made me furious so to make me feel better I took you out. K.O. And it did feel good,its like a drug and now I just don't like you at all but I don't dislike you,its as if I just met you."
"Hayes...i- just- I-" I placed my hand on my face. is he for real?! Is stormed into the ladies bathroom.
"Fuck him." I looked into the mirror. "He made me feel so bad about myself! He literally has issues. ISSUES." Hayes ran into the bathroom.
"HAYES YOUR A GUY!"
"I couldn't care less."
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Sorry for any grammar mistakes!!!!!
I really hope you liked this I legit had no ideas at this point but I worked something out.
So the plot is Hayes likes Scarlett so therefor seeing her with another guy made him punch her. He enjoyed it sickly enough,so he continued doing it to take out his anger.
Please let me know if you liked my story cause it sure as hell took me a while to come up with. I know a lot of stories have the same beginning but this one is much more unique and WILL continue differently.
-S•