
Don't read if you can't handle strong language.
"Don't forget 3 PM Scarlett!" Hayes slammed me onto the lockers and I fell to the ground and he walked off with a smirk on his face.•••I'm Scarlett Bentley. I get bullied by a guy called Benjamin Hayes Grier,but he goes by the name Hayes. (Hayes' real name is Benjamin. Hayes is his middle name) I've known Hayes since Pre-School. We used to be bestfriends. in the first grade I moved to another school and didn't hear anything from him. Then I came back in the third grade,Hayes continued being my friend. Then in the sixth grade,Hayes punched me,and from then on became my bully. And because of his popularity and liking from girls,i only have two friends,Matt and Victoria. I idolize Matt though. He's such a nice person. Now I'm in the 8th grade and nothing has changed since that punch. Today at 3PM Hayes told me to come to the football field. I'm afraid.
"Heyyy" Victoria said giving me a huge hug.
"Hey V" I smiled but it soon faded.
"Hayes?" She put her arm around me.
I just nodded whimpering. she sighed looking around. I don't know what she was looking for though. But,soon something caught my eyes. Matt.
"Matt!" I ran to him hoping he wouldn't notice I was crying.
"Hey Scar!" He opened his hands grab me as I jumped.
He let me down smiling he looked at me and placed his hand on the back of his head.
"We're you crying?..."
I just sighed. "Yeah".
"Well,....Why?"
"H..nothing" I almost said what would've killed considering Matt and Hayes are close friends.
"You can tell me anything Scar. I'm here for you." I can hardly believe I'm friends with an 11th grader no way I'm spilling.
"I fell and it hurt...a lot"
"You were pushed weren't you?"
"Yeah. But,i can't tell you who."
"Scar"
*RING*
"I got to get to algebra see you later Matt" I hugged him tightly and was off to class.
I have algebra with Hayes. that sucks.
I walk into class and I sit in my seat in front of Hayes. He hasn't done anything in this class ever but I doubt that will last.
I felt a paper plane hit the back of my head. it fell to the floor and when I took a glimpse I could see writing. When the teacher turned around I picked it up and read it under my desk.
"Scarlett I'm not up for 3 today. my mom called in busy afterschool but maybe next week? >:))"
I turned around looked at him. his blue eyes piercing through me. I sighed and nodded. He looked uncomfortable.
After class. I ran for my life grabbing my books and running home. I don't want anymore trouble. I finally got there to see my mom dressed up.
"Mom?"
"Oh your home! Honey get dressed in comfortable but cute clothes me you and your father are going to a friends. they have a boy your age." I smiled and went up.
I put on a pink crop top and high waisted Jean shorts and a pair of red converse. my Mom and dad weren't wearing party outfits just something they would wear out.
I went to the car and played some songs. And when we finally got there a blonde haired lady opened the door.