
I nodded knowing that he wouldn't. Promises with my father were never to be taken seriously. He couldn't keep one if his life depended on it. I was the only one who could get myself out of this situation.
"I am allowed to come by every Sunday."
"Allowed?" He echoed in what I could only described as pure shock.
"What did you expect Dad." I grated through my teeth exasperated. "I am nothing but a piece of property to him. The next time you borrow money remember that I'm not going to be there to bail you out. I'm his now."
"Oh God." He gasped his eyes widening. "I didn't think, I didn't realise. I'm going to fix this." He took my hands in despair, I could feel his shaking beneath mine.
"You have to go. I don't want you associated with these people any longer." He nodded sadly at me.
"I don't deserve you." He admitted weakly.
"Go Dad. You're the only family I have and I love you. I'll see you on Sunday."
"I love you too." I didn't watch him leave, I turned instead heading back into the ballroom with a smile painted on my face.
Lyle raised his eyebrows when he saw me clearly angry that I had taken more than his allocated two minutes. When I reached him I was pulled into his arms. My stunned expression must have shown as his mother laughed towards us.
"Lyle, you nearly knocked the poor woman off her feet." She smiled lovingly up at him.
"Sorry." He whispered into my ear. I just smiled as his mother looked at us in awe.
"I can't believe my Lyle found love." She exclaimed excitedly clapping her hands. "You are a very lucky man, you better remember that Lyle Armel." His mother warned, instantly in that moment I liked her.
"I know Mum. Trust me, I know."
"You are going to be so happy together. I can just see it. This was so unexpected. I'm still trying to process my son is married." Her and me both I thought but didn't dare say the works aloud.
"Excuse me." I slipped from Lyle's arm quickly so he couldn't stop me.
The bathroom was freezing cold when I walked in thanks to the woman standing smoking out of the window.
"I won't tell if you don't" The woman laughed flicking the cigarette out the window and leaving, thankfully I was left in peace.
My four inch heels clicked on the tiled floor as I walked to the mirror. I didn't look like myself. The make-up artist had plastered me in make-up, the hair stylist curled my hair until it was too perfect and the dress I wore was not something I would have picked. It screamed money and clung to every inch of my body.
"That was rude." I blinked several times realising that I was once again pulled into Lyles arms.
"I just needed a minute." His eyes looked at mine in the mirror then cast down the reflection of my body, it was like his eyes were undressing me. Standing there I felt completely bare.
"Appearances are important in this world. You don't take a minute. Nobody can see weakness, only strength." His voice was surprisingly soft. "Do you understand?" He demanded his voice now completely serious, his eyes penetrating mine.
"I'm not made for this world."
"Yes you are. More than anyone in that ballroom." I didn't question what he meant, I didn't have the energy.