
Copyright © 2015 Emma Cameron (Livetodreamx)
All rights reserved
********
He wouldn't leave my side. I felt like I couldn't breathe. The realisation of what I had done kick started my heart so it was vibrating against my chest. I had married Lyle Armel.
"Something wrong Arabella?"
His voice was like silk dusting along my skin, a sweet melody that sounded to anyone around us caring. I knew better. His hand squeezed my hip bone, not painfully, just in a warning. We were surrounded by his family, friends and associates. They believed this to be a marriage of love, not payment.
My father caught my eye across the room, his old worn suit standing out against the many immaculately dressed people here. I swallowed my fear knowing that for at least five seconds I had to get away from the heat of the body behind me.
"I need to speak to my father." I demanded shocking myself.
"I'll come with you."
I shook my head. "I need to speak to him myself for a moment." His hand again squeezed my hip, my eyes cast to Lyle's cautiously.
The dark brown orbs were flecked with black, something I hadn't noticed since meeting him that morning. There was an intensity to them that would make any man cower at his feet. He ran his free hand through his chocolate coloured hair. For a moment my eyes wavered to that movement watching the muscles flex under his suit jacket. I shook my head immediately stopping my obvious ogling.
"Two minutes. Tell him what day you will see him."
"Day?"
"I will allow you to see him one day a week. Your father is no longer your concern. You are lucky I'm being so kind." I raised my head so our eyes were glued to each other. He didn't falter, didn't even blink.
"Sunday." I nodded knowing this was an argument I was never going to win.
"Tell him, two minutes." He leaned down kissing me briefly. A gasp left my lips as the goose bumps peppered my skin with that small touch. He affected me too much, his sheer masculinity was overwhelming.
The breath caught in my throat when his index finger trailed up my arm. Lightly his lips brushed my ear, his teeth soon brushing against my earlobe. "Stop." I whispered. He only laughed in response, the movements of his chest brushing against my breasts. He knew what he was doing, of course he did. Everything he did was controlled.
"So responsive." He whispered, the silky tone of his voice gone to be replaced with something more primal, something that seemed to call to my traitor of a body.
I didn't say anything as I tore myself from his embrace and walked to my father. As I left Lyle my anger seemed to surface. Storming past my father he followed me out of the enormously overdressed ballroom. Honestly, how they had managed to book one of the ballrooms in a high class hotel in such short notice was beyond me.
"I'm so sorry Angel." I looked at the tears filling his eyes, my heart melting just a little.
"How could you do this? I can deal with picking you up at the sleazy bars, the casinos, the houses in the middle of nowhere but this? You borrowed money from the Armels - the Armels dad. That name is known and we both know what for."
Turning away from him I squeezed my eyes shut stopping the tears that had threatened to fall all day. I felt my father's hand on my back. When I turned around a stray tear had slipped from my eye.
"Oh Angel, I'm so sorry. I'm going to get help this time. I'll win big, I'll make sure you are free from him. I promise"