
There's this guy. Wyatt. He and I share a dorm room. There are two different rooms and a huge living room. It looks like an apartment with out the kitchen.
He is in most of my collage classes, so I see him alot. He is mysterious and I have my suspicions. He never brings a girl home and is never at parties. He is always home by ten. At first I thought oh he just wants good grades. But my supisons grew when there was a big party and he didn't go. It was spring break so there was no homework. I even asked him I he wanted to go and he said no. My name is Lila May. And this is someone I knew.

—-
"Hey Wyatt, do you want some eggs. I made eggs." I saw him walk out of his room and stretch. We have a stove and a micro wave but there in the living room.
"Sure I like eggs." He said in a yawn. He is always tired on the morning but goes to bed really early. It made me wonder what he does in his too at night. There were no windows so he couldn't sneak out. Well, there are windows bit we are on the 22nd floor.  We ate breakfast in slience. It was a a Saturday, so no classes. I kinda liked Wyatt. He was smart and funny, he has blondish hair, dark brown eyes. Okay I liked him alot. But that didn't help my suspensions about him.
" You wanna go to the park with the dogs today?" He asked me. We have two dogs Ozzy a beagle very young. And Bear a Iriss Terrier. About a year old.
"Sure,  its sunny out it would be a good day foe a walk in the park." He smiled and walked back to his room. I ran to mine, I wanted to get ready before he did. I picked out a Ln outfit and dos my makeup. By the time I was done he had done the dishes and was getting his shoes on. He smiled as I walked out and got the dogs on their leashes.
—
I was sitting on a bench while he played fetch with the dogs. I was laughing because he just fell down in the mud. He came over to me covered in mud. I stood up as he tried to give me a hug. I was running away as he chased me. Soon enough we were both laughing on the ground. Both the dogs were licking pit faces. As we packed up and went home. He did give me a muddy hug. When we got home he took a shower and I just changed. I was watching t.v as he ploped down next to me on the couch. Maybe I was wrong to have supisons or maybe I was right.

Just then the door bell rang. I went to get up yo get it only to be pushed back onto the couch by Wyatt. He opened the door, and as soon as he saw who it was he slamed the door right in their face. He went to his room leaving me confused. I followed him, I found him sitting at his desk texting on bus phone. I crossed my arms and sat on his bed. I was in love with his bed. He had a waterbed. I always wanted one. So every time I went in his room I always sat on his bed.
" Why are you on my bed?" He crossed his arms like me, I started to laugh because he almost fell of the computer chair. He got up and jumped on the bed beside me. It sent me flying across the room. I got  back on the bed, I tried to send him flying but I was to small. He turned off the lights and pushed a button. He pointed to the celling. I looked up and there was the most magnificent sight ever. It was galaxeys and stars. Milky ways and planets. How could you go to sleep with that nightlight. I must of dozed off, because the next thing I knew I was in my own bed. I looked at my phone and it was about 3 in the morning. I got up to go check on Wyatt. He was still laying on his bed looking up at the stars on the celling.

"Sorry, I must of dozed off." I yawned he looked up at me and smiled. He offered to watch a movie with me. And I said yes. Not knowing that he would put a scary movie on that mad me jump six feet in the air. I pushed him when he tried to scary me that morning when I was in the kitchen. I must of dozed off again cause I woke up on top of Wyatt on the couch. I sat bolt tight up and checked the time. 9:54am. As I checked my phone Wyatt woke up he put a arm behind him and gave a sly smile.