
But that however was a stupid question to ask, I will give him that.
I think for a minute and can only decipher one logical answer.
"Because you love me." I finally muster up.
"Exactly. But maybe it's not just because I love you." He says, squinting as rain drips down his long eyelashes and his blonde hair that's now dark from the rain and slide off the tip of his nose. I blink away a few droplets of rain, my hair is soaked and my clothes are too, not anymore than Peeta's are though.
"Then what else?" I ask, knowing Peeta's gonna say something that will make all my anger go away and make everything seem like it'll be fine again, but it won't because I know damn well once we get back inside or even wake up in the morning, everything will be back to the way it has been.
He takes a deep breath as thunder rumbles the ground.
My first instinct is to flee, because thunder always comes after lightening and lightening is surely near, but I don't budge.
"It's probably because not only do I love you and because you are my wife but because you are my best friend. My other half and my heart. You're my world, my everything." Peeta rambles on, then stops.
I look up at him wondering why he stopped, but it seems he stopped to look in the sky.
I look up too, almost blinded by the lightening bolts.
I know we better get out of here before something else tragic happens like we get electrocuted by our wedding rings or something.
"But most importantly because I am your missing piece and you are mine." Peeta says softly, the words just flowing out of his mouth like he's said them a billion times, but I know that he is just speaking from his heart.
He's always been good at that and being convincing without lying.
I just hold my breath, not knowing how to respond.
He always plays that 'Missing Piece' card and it always gets me, but it should, he is my 'Missing Piece.' And maybe I should think about that a little more.
How he is that exactly.
"Now will you please get off the damn ground and get your ass inside?" Peeta asks after a second as hail begins hitting the ground and the top of our heads, but luckily it's small enough not to hurt.
But we rush inside.
When we get inside Peeta and I go upstairs without speaking.
I strip from my soaking wet clothes and leave them on the bathroom floor while Peeta changes in our bedroom. I put on dry undergarments and dry my hair with a towel. When I come out and Peeta is in his underwear, his hair still dark blonde from the moisture.
When he sees me he immediately walks up behind me and puts his black robe around my body, wrapping me up and holding me there, so that I am forced to stay in his arms.
"Are you okay?" He asks softly, his wet hair on my cheek.
I breathe heavily and feel like my voice has vanished.
"Yes." I say softly and he releases me.
I tighten the robe around my body, loving the scent it holds, a scent I rarely smell anymore.
I bite my bottom lip, trying to hold back tears and we just stand there ungainly.
The thunder and lightening still going on along with the hail and rain, lighting up our entire bedroom more than the lightbulbs could ever do.