
"So, what now?" Peeta asks, again ignoring the storm around us.
I let out my breath.
"I guess that's up to you." I say truthfully.
He sighs heavily and sits on the edge of the bed and says, "I want to get better."
I turn around and face him.
I can see the real Peeta fighting his way back to me, lately his eyes, they've been that grayish, cloudy color.
The color they get when he gets so angry and lashes out, but I've tried to ignore it.
"Then please just try."
He closes his eyes, "I will."
I walk over and kneel before him, wrapping my arms around his waist. He sets his steady hands on my back.
It reminds me of the night we had our first kiss.
He kneeled before my like this and I held him there, and we cried and cried. It's a memory neither of us will forget, even though the place it happened in is long gone.
But it feels so good just for him to let me touch him.
He never wants me to hug him or kiss him or even really lay by him at night and he no longer holds me or even tells me he loves me unless I say it first.
I never thought I would be the one having to try so hard in our relationship and I don't know how Peeta could stand it all those years, being the one to make the first move for everything.
Plus cooking, doing dishes, laundry, take care of me, himself and anyone else he could.
Working at the bakery too.
He's always supported me, served me and I don't even wanna ask him what we will do about money now.
I know it's not even crossed his mind and shamefully, it's crossed mine.
He has no where to work now and no one to write his paychecks and no one to even own the business that gave us our living.
He doesn't even have a bakery anymore.
But even if he gets a job somewhere else, he wouldn't be doing what he loved.
I would without a doubt get a job this time-to support us.
But it's getting to the point where he never sketches or even has any interest picking up a pencil.
And this is not my Peeta.
My Peeta was a painter and a baker and he was passionate about love and life and living life to the fullest and this Peeta isn't.
It's like he has no desire to move on and I don't blame him.
He literally lost everyone but me and what am I to him?
Sure, three of his grandparents are alive and some cousins and their parents but it's not the same.
They aren't the same as your father or your brothers or hell, even your mother.
Bristol isn't the same as Prim and Carter and Finn wouldn't be the same as my kids, if we ever have any. Gale wouldn't be the same as Peeta and Brandon wouldn't be the same as Finnick for Annie.
And Peeta's parents wouldn't be the same as mine and neither would his grandparents.
His grandparents aren't his own parents and I guess what I am trying to say is that yes, they are apart of why he is here but not completely and I think that's what is so devastating to him.