
Prologue: Katniss and Peeta Mellark are currently living a rough life, but in all reality it's not that bad and it will get better. Just like it has dozens of times before, Katniss learns to help Peeta and even herself. Follow their story and see how they figure out the rest of their 'Forever and Always' and how Katniss picks up a few other Missing Pieces along the way.
Katniss POV- (A bit later)
I lay hunched over in the grass, I've been here at least an hour. Going through and crying for each and every person to cry for and I still don't feel any better.
Peeta's still upset and he will be for a while and I'm out here feeling sorry for myself.
Being selfish as usual.
Rain soaks my t-shirt and I'm chilled to the bone, the sun went away a little before I came out here and all that's left to show for it is the clouds.
But it is not warm.
It's gloomy.
"Katniss! Get your ass in here it's raining!" Peeta yells, slinging the back door open.
I pull my head up out of the saturated, flattened grass and give him a look, partly because it's hot and muggy and the lightening hurts my eyes.
"Come on! You're going to get struck by lightening or something! Hurry up." He says but I don't move.
He shakes his head at me, rolling his eyes before he runs out the back. Immediately getting soaked by the large water droplets, "Come on!" Peeta says but I refuse to move, even though he's pulling on my arm.
I look up at him, his eyes still sad but worried and frustrated too.
"Why do you care?" I mutter, yanking my arm out of his grip.
He looks at me like I've gone insane.
I glare at him.
He holds my gaze then plops down next to me in the wet grass.
Maybe he has gone insane too.
"Because you are my wife."
I scoff, "Doesn't matter." I say crossing my arms.
"Yeah it does." Peeta says pretty loudly, the rain is making it hard to hear.
"Just because we are married doesn't mean anything, Peeta." I say, sounding absolutely crazy and I know I've lost some piece of my mind because I am not even making sense.
It's like I have no control, the words I speak.
"Yeah it does." Peeta repeats.
"How?"
He sighs, then stifles a fake laugh, "You don't get it do you?"
I pick at the tall, wet blades of grass, not caring to look at him or even begin to worry about getting wet or worse, struck by the lightening that lights the sky and makes the thunder shake the earth.
"Get what? What is there to get? You're slipping away from me and there's nothing I can do about it."
"That's not what I meant." Peeta says, shaking his head.
"Then what do you mean? Because obviously I don't understand you anymore."
He scoffs, "Why do I care, Katniss? Maybe it's because you are my best friend. You're sitting out here in the pouring rain acting absolutely insane and you ask me why I care? Why would I not care?" Peeta asks loudly, not because he's all that frustrated but because of the rain.