
I used to be able to get up, grab my glasses, a pair of skinny jeans, a baggy sweater, and (obviously!) my converse. Throw my book bag over my shoulder, grab one of my mother's awful health smoothies, a cereal bar, and head out the door to catch the bus. Now, my step-dad makes it impossible.
Once my mom heard about the mysterious plague going around she immediately had to go out and propose to her boyfriend of three years. He is super nice and I love him and that he made my mother super happy. Although ever since we had moved into his mansion sized house he has always tried to get me to care more about my appearance.
He bought me a whole new wardrobe. Not like he can't afford to buy me rooms full of top-brand clothing. But my mom and I could never afford it and I have learned to survive without it. Nor do I want it.
He wants me to wear dresses to school! DRESSES! I don't feel comfortable wearing dresses to school. Skirts aren't any better. Sure I will wear them to church or nice events, but school...NO!
He also spends loads of money on... what are they called... augh... I don't even know what they are called! Those people at makeup stores who do all your makeup for you so that you can know which different shade and other crap matches you best and matches your personality or whatever. I only know because I've been dragged to the mall more than once.
Anyways, my point is that it makes it almost impossible to get out the door without my step-dad pouting, yes POUTING, about how I should try to dress up. And how I should be trying to "build up my self confidence." And every day I reassure him that he's known me for three years and I have always dressed in what I liked and have I ever not been confident in myself. I ask him if he has ever seen me look not self confident and he always mutters a little no, as I slip out of door to start the trek to the bus stop.
I don't even know what he does but he gets some pretty good stuff out of it. And one of those great "perks", as I like to call them, is his giant house. A downside is this huge driveway of his. It's like the size of my whole cul de sac. Apparently most people don't know that word or something cause I've had to explain it like twenty times but it is a street that is closed on one end.
Anyways, having to trek up this thing is not a quick-hurry-out-the-door driveway. No, it's a wake-up-10-minutes-early driveway. Plus, there is almost no one other than me who rides the bus to school in my neighbor hood. It is almost all rich boys and girls who are in the bus route so its also an hour drive since they try to fill the bus up as much as they possibly can. You would think a school of rich preppy kids could afford to waste a little money!
My bus ride is more or less just a nap/homework session. When I get to school I head straight to my locker where I am meet with my best friend, Katerina. Kat is like a story book princess, she just doesn't have a prince (officially!) She has big blonde waves in her hair and big, bright green eyes with these amazing eyelashes. She dresses up everyday and would usually join my stepdad in his daily struggle to get me to dress up but has given up the effort recently. Me on the other hand, I have fading reddish hair and pale, also fading green eyes. As I get closer to my locker I shout, "Hey, Katerina Ballerina."
"Hi, Mimi!" She responds as she is turning to stuff her book bag into my locker. We tend to share all our school stuff (and everything else); books, lockers, everything. Then she turned back to me with a playful pout on her face, "And don't call me that."
I learn my shoulder on to the locker beside mine and start to pull out my stuff, "When you stop calling me Mimi." Kat has been calling me Mimi ever since she got her wisdom teeth out and couldn't say Ingrid and so she would just shout/mumble "MIMI!" because my middle name is Emilia.
"Well, thats never gonna happen!" She laughs before slamming the locker closed and turning to leave. Before she gets half way around to leave she quickly turned, gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, turned and walked away but not before shouting out, "Au revoir Mimi!"