
Where can I start? Do I explain my early childhood if it's simply just a normal early childhood, or should I just start from where I am? If only my life were more interesting than it really is, then I would have more to tell you about. Anyway, I'll just give you a brief summary.My name is Lily Edwards. I'm fifteen years old and my life is pretty basic. I live in the middle of nowhere, or Wyoming, and I go to school with less than two hundred kids. My mom is a librarian at the local library and my dad works as a police officer. They may be even more boring than I am; they don't talk to anyone and barely even acknowledge me in the mornings. Seventy-five percent of their day is taken up doing work and the rest of the twenty-five percent is spent either reading or writing. Writing to who, you may think? I have no idea.So, that's pretty much the story of my life, so far. It's pretty much the same routine everyday. Life is predictable here, but when I graduate, I intend to leave for college. Somewhere populated and warm; perhaps Florida? Somewhere far away. I have even considered leaving the country to get away from here, but I have no way to get there. I'll never be able to earn enough money to leave. It's going to take a miracle to go somewhere else for college.My parents have given me no opinions on the matter. Whenever I start to talk about it, they change the subject or find an excuse to leave. Can they be more rude? I mean, I'm their daughter for God's sake.If that miracle is coming, it better come faster. I don't know if I'll be able to take much more of this.
"You have to come, Lily! It's my party for the start of school! Come on!"I glare at my best friend. She knows I hate parties because everyone stares at me. Not like I'm a weirdo, but because, as Caroline puts it, I'm super cute. My hair, a dark chocolate brown, is thick and wavy. My eyes are electric blue and my skin is always tan, which is a result from my Italian roots. Whenever we go to parties, or any place for that matter, all eyes turn to me. I feel uncomfortable all the time cause I can always feel at least one pair of eyes on me. For once, I would like someone to look at me like I'm worth it, not in jealousy or longing."You know I would love to, but I can't. You know how people get around me.""I know, but I would still love for you to come," she squeals. Love for me to get boys' attention, I think.We walk quietly down the hall. Suddenly, I hear choruses of screams and girls sprinting down the hall to the entrance. I see Faith, one of my friends, and stop her for a moment."What's going on?" I scream over the noise."He's here! He's here!" she shouts. "I can't believe it!""Who?"She wiggles out of my grasp and says, before she bounces away, "Noland!"Caroline comes to my side. "Who's here?""You know him," I mumble. "Every girl here does."She gasps. "You mean...""Exactly," I answer. "Jacob Noland has come to pay us a visit."