
The crunching of leaves underpaw, sent chills up the spine of a small brown tabby; the snapping twigs under careless paws sounded like the cracking of bones and ribs. The endless repeat of caterwauls and agonizing cries, funneled into her pricked ears. The smell of blood, stung her nose; clawing its way into her open mouth. She could almost taste the tang of the blood, the saltiness of it. It was vile and inescapable.
"Help!" She cried, but help never came. All this time, she could hear the battle, smell it, taste it. But she could never see it. There was always a thin veil of mist that covered it all up, almost as if it wanted to be hidden from her memories.
A paw prodded her and suddenly all the pain, the terror, shot away like a terrified rabbit. She awoke. It was all a dream. And someone had aroused her from its terrible grasp. The chestnut colored striped tabby looked skywards to see a ginger feline, with hypnotising misty blue eyes.
"You okay?" The ginger she-cat asked, her tone was as smooth and comforting as honey. But everyone knew that innocent flies could get stuck in honey, so she would have to be careful with this stranger.
The brown tabby she-cat nodded, although it was obviously a lie. The ginger didn't speak, she just nodded and stepped back. The tabby stood up on shaky paws and looked around, she was only the age of three moons, still just a young little sapling. She blinked away her nightmares, which still repeated over and over inside her head. She had seen them before, this wasn't the first time she had relived this terrible nightmare. Or was it a memory?
"What is a young kit like you doing in town?" The ginger asked, before settling down to listen. Her ginger tail curled around herself, and at that moment the brown tabby kitten realized that the stranger's tail was half missing.
The brown tabby kitten shook herself and tore her green gaze away from the torn tail. "I don't know," she replied. Strangely, her voice was confident, even though this strange cat was almost three times the size of herself, she still held her tiny head high. "All I remember is that I don't have a family," she whispered softly. Maybe I can play soft and small, it might help.
The kitten watched as the ginger she-cat's eyes softened slightly, 'Maybe I can trust her?' The brown tabby kitten wondered. 'Or maybe not'
"Ah. Abandoned. I've seen many kittens that have been left on the alley ways to fend for themselves." The stranger meowed, "I'm Embri, by the way," she added. Her tone showed that she wanted a reply, and the kitten gave it in a matter of seconds.
"I'm Jagged," meowed the kitten. She remembered her name being meowed by her mother, in fact, she remembered something being said after her name. But not exactly what it was. So she just called herself Jagged. Not the best name. But it was all she had. All she remembered.
Embri tipped her muzzle upwards in a grin. "Jagged? Not a name I expected a kit to be called," The ginger she-cat stood up and flexed each leg in turn. "Alright, Jagged, I can't just leave you here to starve. Your coming with me. To the Alleyway,"
Jagged felt her eyes widen. "What's an Alleyway?" She wondered out loud. Her voice was almost a squeak, showing just how small and young she actually was.
Embri let out a small laugh, turning back Jagged saw a wide grin plastered across her muzzle. "That's for you to find out, after all, Jagged, You've been left to live with us..."