
Joy's POVI ran down to the hallway to my dads room, it was my sixteenth birthday today and I couldn't wait to see what he was going to do this year. Every year my dad takes me to do something really cool. Today I decided to wear my favorite outfit, a white shirt with black jeans and a black cape that has a silver sword on the back. Just as I started to walk into his room a cloud of smoke appeared right in front of me, suddenly Brine appeared at the doorstep and I lost my balance and fell.
"What's wrong Joy?" He walked out of the doorstep into the hallway to help me up. I looked to the ground embarrassed that I was so clumsy and tried to think of something to say.
"Nothing is wrong dad I just wanted to know what you are doing? You're always out and you never really told me what you do when you're gone."
"That's a secret for later but right now we have a birthday present to attend to."
I smile cracked on my face as I tried to figure out what brine got me for my birthday, I asked several questions about what it looked like and what it does until my dad couldn't take it any more and left the conversation at how big is it, He came in about twenty minutes later with a golden carrot and handed it out to me.
"You"ll need this"
"Thanks I guess, what's it for?" I slowly looked at the carrot it was giving off a faint golden glow causing me to wonder why I even needed a golden carrot and how he found a carrot in the neather in the first place.
"You wanna find out?" He spoke and I nodded. He held out his hand and I took it, as soon as I did so an immense flash of light blinded me for a second and when it cleared it looked as if was floating in pitch black. It lasted a couple seconds before ground came back to me and I fell.
"Can you warn me next time?" I said getting up and brushing ash off my jeans and steadying myself.
"But it wouldn't be as funny now would it?" He smirked at me and walked beside me. "Your going to need to keep hold of this." He grabbed my sunglasses off of a pile of neatherrack and handing them back to me, I mumbled an ashamed thanks under my breath and quickly put them on. "This way" he pointed to a large mountain as he began to walk.
"Why couldn't you just teleport us there in the first place instead of making us walk?" I groaned and he shrugged and replied. "It's better this way" he looked over at me and waved for me to follow, "How is walking around better than teleporting?""Because when we get there you'll be relived witch will make the surprise even better.""Fair point" I said and I began to quicken my pace.~~~time skip~~~Herobrine's POVI watched as Joy ran up to the horse looked at it in awe as she gave it the golden carrot. The horse was black with silver eyes and hair and a large pair of ender dragon wings. Joy ran up to me and hugged me, I hugged her back.
"Thanks dad" she said and squeezed me tighter. After what seemed like twenty minutes she let go and went back to her horse.
"So, do you want to learn how to ride it?""Yeh" she replied and I helped her up onto the saddle on the horse. The first few times she fell but she got the hang of it. But she still couldn't ride very long without falling off of the horse. At least she was able to stay on the horse and ride.
"Hey dad, can I ride around for a while. I promise that I will be back soon" she was almost begging and I could tell that she needed the practice."Fine" I said and she squealed so loud that I had cover my ears with my hands. "Jeez happy much?"She nodded her head and began to lead the horse off in the opposite direction of the castle, I stayed and watched for a while but soon after she left teleported back home. I sighed and looked out the window, I just hope she doesn't get into any trouble.
Joy's POVAs my horse trotted along I spotted something glowing along a cave I wanted to check it out so I made a hastily made stable out of neatherrac for midnight(that's what she named her horse) and crept inside the cave. Inside there where two chests and what looked like a furnace, followed by a half burned crafting table, a diamond sword, and two loaves of bread. I picked up the loaves of bread and the sword, I never really needed a sword but I know I could make use of it somehow. After making sure there where no more things of interest in the room I left, following the glowing purple light until coming upon what looked to be a portal from one of the books I read, but they only gave a brief description of what it looked like. I slowly crept up to the portal, my gaze fixed upon the purple mist in awe. I slowly reached my hand out, my gaze still fixed upon the portal. When my hand touched the mist I couldn't move it. I was instantly aware of what I had done and immediately start pulling away from the portal and cursing but before I could free myself I began to vanish into thin air. I tried to the point to exhaustion to free myself but had no success and I gave up as my body disappeared into thin air. My last words came out as only whispers of what they should've been as I disappeared into the portal. "sorry dad"