
The last day of my junior year was spent filling in bubbles on a very white piece of paper. The last final exam, history- then three months off. Three months of solitude, alone in my room like usual. I was scratching my pencil away at the paper when my phone buzzed loudly in my butt pocket against the hard plastic seat. In the classroom where you could hear a pin drop, the phone vibrating sound like a wailing siren. I pretended it wasn't me, and kept filling in the bubbles. I knew who was calling. 10 more minutes and the school day it was finished.
Buses pulled up in front of the school. The bad kids in their tight groups climb the steps, talking about their plans for the summer. But I stayed behind. I pulled out my phone and checked the missed call. It was my mom's second-home. Also known as Valley Hospital.
My mom had been in and out of the hospital ever since after I was born. She is diagnosed with condosarcoma, a rare strand of bone cancer in her spine. She was wheelchair-bound and an aggressive pain. I remember nights I couldn't sleep because of her screaming. She lost all of her hair, amongst other things, and I knew she wouldn't live much longer because the tumors kept coming back. But we still did everything we could to give her as much time as possible.
I called the number back and they told me she had been admitted again and was on a hefty dosage of morphine for the pain. I hung up the phone and began to walk home. It was a somewhat small town- usually quiet, and with lots of houses all close by. I made it home as the sun was going down a bit in the sky. The front door was unlocked and I entered to my older brother in his usual spot on the couch with his headset glued to his ears, shouting commands to friends that existed only in cyberspace. He didn't acknowledge me. No hey Ireland how was your day. ( My mom named me after her favorite island that she had studied abroad at in college and fallen in love with. My brother was named Benjamin he got to be normal.) Just the clicking of buttons and yelling. I walked behind the couch and to my bedroom door which was the basement. The steep steps give me privacy, because my mom couldn't wheel down them and my brother wouldn't get off his ass for anything. I made my way to the bottom drawer of my large wooden dresser, pulling it open. This is where I had my cigarettes from my brother. There's also a half empty bottle of vodka.
I love the basement because there was a bathroom, and I could smoke and no one would know. I pulled the cigarettes and a lighter out and made my way to the bathroom. I lit the end of the cancer stick and puffed away at it. I ran the water and wash the smoke swirl up and steam up the mirror. No one cared. I was alone.
Yesterday I was severely shocked when I was told to come to Josh Miles' party at the barn. Josh Miles was a cliché athletic guy who had fucked every girl that was at least "a six on the hotness scale". He was graduating this year so this was going to be the last party he would throw on the first official night of summer. I didn't really see the point in going.
Then again what was the point of anything really. I put out the cigarette and set it down on the sink. My closet didn't have much in it besides dark clothes. I had one dress and it was black- it was a dress I got for my uncle's funeral who had died of condosarcoma of the skull.. My mothers brother. The disease ran in the family; that's why didn't give a shit my lungs filled with tar. I was bound to get the rare cancer and end up 6 feet below with my mom and her little brother.
I put on the dress, then pulled black tights over my skinny legs and stood in front of the mirror. Flaws. Inexorable flaws. My face was too long, my hair was too thin and too dark. My skin was pallid looking and gross, and my teeth were not perfectly straight. I turned away from my reflection, pulled on some shoes, grabbed my phone and purse, and left.
I walked up my street and down a few other streets until I made it to the dead end road at the barn is on. It was a cement road that was disheveled and broke into a dirt road. No houses occupied the lots of this empty country street. Cars flew past me, teenagers yelling at me out the windows in their drug induced excitement. I kept walking and the music from the abandoned barn grew louder, and the trees thinned out the closer I got. I was finally in view of the flashing lights in the hundreds of people from my high school squeezing through the single barn door. I made my way towards the crowd and was pushed forward and in.