
So guys this is kind of my first fanfic so please no hate I have continued writing my sisters story which is One Sided Love (Zayn Malik Fanfic).So please comment and vote and feel free to give your opinion.Zerrie shippers I know I am against Zerrie in this fanfic but I don't mind Zerrie so please NO HATE.

AISHA'S (P.O.V)

September 5,2015

I opened my laptop to see the breaking news all over twitter 'Zayn Malik and Perrie Edwards break engagement 1 week before their marriage'.Oh My God what have I done.

Well before I tell you how have I have  caused Zayn Malik and Perrie Edwards engagement just a week before their marriage I should introduce myself.My name is Aisha Khan. I am 22 and my third year of university is going on .I study in University of Arts London and live in their dorms with my best friend Alexa .I came from Pakistan to study on a full scholarship .Although now my parents are very rich as my father's business has become really successful but I have always liked being independent and although I was social but my studies have always been my first priority.I lived with my parents and big sister who is a successful business woman.Now to the part of how I have broken 'Zayn Malik and Perrie Edwards engagement'.Me and my BFF went to Chicago I have my Aunt there and Alexa's whole family even her boyfriend is there.

Flash Back
2 weeks ago

2:00 am

My phone started ringing and I was brought out of my sleep.I picked up the phone to see it was Alexa "Hello Alexa!What Happened it is 2 in the night!" I heard sobbing mixed with loud music" Aisha!Jason brought me to this club and now he broke up with me!" I became alert"Alexa were are you I am coming with  Saira(My aunts daughter and my best cousin)!" "I am in the 'Rock n Roll' clubs bathroom!" "Okay I am on my way!".

I rushed up and wore a jacket and shoes"Saira wake up!" "What happened!It is 2 in the night!" "Yo need to drive me to Rock n Roll club!" "But-" "There is no time for questions I will explain it to you in the car!".Saira shot up from the bed and wore a jacket and shoes and we went to the car. Saira's parents were gone somewhere and were going to come tomorrow.Saira had two brothers one older Hassan who is already married and one is my age Ahmed and those to sleep like they are dead so they won't have an idea we were gone.I told the situation to Saira in the car and she said that she will wait in the car while I go and get Alexa.

I went inside and it was all dark the smell of alcohol in the air and I was suffocating plus it was packed.I went up to the bar and asked the bartender were the bathrooms were.He pointed in a random direction.I got my phone out and put it on recording so I know how to come back and so I have a source of light cause I can't see anything.I passed a lot of corridors.There were a lot of people and I turned from another lane and saw Perrie Edwards with another guy and I was sure .I quickly walked away from there and I was pretty sure I got it on my mobile.I finally found the bathroom and saw my best friend in corner curled up in a ball sobbing.

I picked her up  and took her back passing the many people and my phone in my hand playing the video trying to find my way back.I finally found my way back and I bumped into someone.It was a guy "I am Sorry!".Just as I was about Perrie came and hugged the guy from the back and said "Hey Baby!What are you looking at?"She asked me looking at me with disgust in her eyes.I walked away and went into the car which was just in front of the club.I settled Alexa in the back seat and sat with her.We went back and spent the night trying to calm Alexa down.