
Winter Holland lay on her bed sprawled over the messy white sheets of her unmade bed. Her computer in front of her as she scrolled down the websites that she didn't seem to be too interested in at the moment. But that changed when she stumbled upon a website by the site "Writers" she clicked on the light blue link. Then popped up a website that the layout seemed to look like a piece of college ruledNote book paper. The website required her email and such the usual that you would per say. USERNAME: WTF-WINTERPassword: 272847291As her computer loaded the up coming screen Winter layer in her bed thinking of the day that was ahead of her. It wouldn't be exciting at all it would be quite average actually. That was what Winter was anyways Average. She had nothing to do, her mother was there for her but they never clicked like a mother and daughter should. Since she was always trying to balance a new live life along with her daughter. The past 7 months her month had what it seemed like 5 boyfriends all unsuccessful. She was now on the sixth one. Her father in the other side still stayed in the same house as them even though how awkward it could get between the family. Her father was no alcoholic he was no abuser. He actually tried to be a good husband and a good father but it was as if he just didn't fit the roll. Every time he had attempted to be a "dad" it never really ended well. He was more of the crazy uncle than the dad. Winter's social status didn't help her either. She hung out by the farthest window sitting in the floor to eat lunch all by her lonesome. She was pretty sure no one even knew she existed. She did have a thing for books too. With her large glasses that framed her eyes and her hair always pulled out away from her face. She was the classic nerd. Winter wasn't the best writer but she could keep up a story or too. As she scrolled through the hundreds of book titles that popped up on the screen. Skipping through the ones that she wasn't interested in, and stopping once and a while to read a book. Her eyes grew tired as they began to shut she had been at this "writers" website for about three hours already.
The following day was another day of school for the young teenaged girl. Pulling on her back pack she got in the car with her mother. This was a rare occasion that her mom would be able to take her to school. She would usefully be with her current boyfriend from the night before but that wasn't the case today. Even if this was the one day that they actually got to be this close to each other. No words were spoken. Even the tiniest mumble was never heard fromEither of them. As the car circled into the school parking lot, Winter opened the door to let herself free from the awkwardness that was kept inside the mini van.
The halls of the school were crowded like usual, the typically couple literally trying to have sex against the lockers without anyone noticing what they were actually doing. Her eyes glanced at the girl with reddish blonde hair sitting on the school steps with her friends. Olly Simon. Winter had to attempt she was beautiful. Every boy had a secret crush on her even though yeah she wasn't the popular or the best at everything. They all just seemed to love her. But she managed to not get sucked in by the popular crowd and she just stayed in her spot. She stayed in her little group of friends. That Winter couldn't even fit in with.
Authors note Please ReadHello everyone it's Delilah and Welcome to my new story!! Internet friends. I had this idea for this story and really wanted to make it a story so yeah here it is now. I've made an updating schedule for this and my story Notes which is in my bio!! So go check it out. This story will be updated on Saturdays and Wednesday's.