
{Everyone wants happiness no one wants pain but you can't have a rainbow without a little rain.}
Here I begin my story Different, but Best Friends.This story is completely imaging from the author (story, characters, names and everything) This story is exclusive, you will never find it anywhere else because I am the one who wrote it!Sorry for any grammar or spelling errors!
Teen Fiction
Hope you like this story
Characters:
Lia: She's a 15 year old girl.She's very beautiful and cheerful.She is lovable as well and a lot of girls hope they could have her life as she is rich with a happy family, she gets everything she wants, she's tall and slim. Her skin color is light, She has some freckles on her soft skin. She has a blue eyes and blonde hair, She has one brother called Pilo who is 20 years old.
Pilo:he is Lia's brother, He is reckless in a way, he is handsome and tall. He is 20 years old.
Mina:Lia's mother, She cares about her family a lot, she works as a designer in a factory and from a rich family.
Das: Lia's father, he is an engineer and he has his own business.
Lia's house was so big and wide with long stairs in surrounded by a garden with a swimming pool.
Rayna:She's a 15.5 year old girl, her beauty was very simple and she has a wide brown eyes and a long brown hair, she wasn't tall but not short, She has two brothers, she wasn't a rich girl.
Roger:Rayna's father who is a bad man, he is a very lazy hard man who doesn't love anyone but himself. His selfish made his children hate him.
Sozana:Rayna's mother who was a calm woman but very smart, she was a poor woman. She was beautiful with wide brown eyes and long black hair, she works as a movie Cashier. She spends all the money on her children.
Brixton: Rayna's young brother who was 10 years old. he was a smart boy but he never care about studying.
Jak:Rayna's biggest brother who was 18 years old, He loves playing football. He hates his poor life.
Rayna's flat was small with a poor and old furniture in a way.
Different, But Best Friends:-
By: Roniiaa Cover By: Roniiaa
Everything in this story is made by me who is Roniiaa
Wish you have a good luck and enjoy reading this! Thank you Feel free to leave any comments, suggestions and opinions.