
Reader's POV (so very short. Better next chapter!) (play vid)
The sun shone on my s/c thighs, making them sparkle and shimmer. I was happy to finally see sunshine, even though I had once despised the sun with everything I had.
Alluka was at a crafting program. When someone gave me a flyer for a crafting program, (5 to 13,) I thought Alluka would be interested. I was too old anyway.
I had started going to a school in the new city. There were no uniforms, which was amazing, but it was still hard to pick out and outfit. Worse I had to ask Killua to help me pick it out. Surprisingly, he knew about dressing women.
The school's rules were laid-back, and there were no bitches that surrounded my desk and called me l/n-san.
Killua was with Alluka. I had insisted for him to keep an eye on his sister and to leave me at home.
I was enjoying the sunny day... by sitting inside and reading a book called The Master Puppeteer. It was small, which was annoying, but it was cute anyway.
The door suddenly opened, and Alluka slowly stepped inside, a tired look on her face. To my surprise, there was glue all over her. Even in her hair.
Killua walked in shortly after, an embarrassed look on his face. I looked at him, put the book down and spread my arms. Seeing this, he walked over to me and wrapped his arms around my back. From there, he nuzzled into my neck and kissed it. "Hey, babe." He whispered.
"How are you?" I asked. He pulled away and sat on the couch beside me.
"Feeling like crap." He sighed.
I frowned slightly. Then I looked over my shoulder at Alluka. "Alluka, gimme a hug!" I said in a cheerful voice.
She was walking to the bathroom. She didn't turn around to look at me. Instead she said monotonously, "Too much glue. Hug yourself."
I went back into my earlier sitting position, a little bit hurt. Then I turned to Killua, who still looked embarrassed. "What happened?"
"She got into this fight with this boy and she won, but got glue all over her in the process." Killua slowly smiled. "It was freakin hilarious."
I was slightly surprised. Alluka hardly looked like the kind of child who dared to fight someone... and win. Come to think of it, Alluka said something alarming a few weeks ago.
"If I could fight someone, I'd want it to be on my birthday!! Beat someone up on your birthday; you won't need a cake then~!" She had exclaimed so innocently.
I didn't know when Alluka's birthday was, but I knew when Killua's birthday was. I had it written on the calendar. Uhh... somewhere in July, maybe?
I got up off of the couch and walked to the kitchen where the fridge was. The whole floor was made of wood, except for the kitchen floor. That was made of ceramic tiles. I shivered at the cold touch of it.
On the fridge, there were many magnets decorating the silver object, mostly reminders and other crap. The calendar was on the top corner. The current month was July. I looked for my baby's birthday.
I found a small square on the 7th, revealing a scribble with permanent marker. It said, "Killua's B-day!!"
I gasped deeply. It was July 5th!!
I spun on my heels and faced my lover, who was staring at me alarmed. "You didn't remind me of your birthday, you son of a bulldog!"
He narrowed his eyes at me. "Calm your huge breasts. I was gonna remind you tomorrow. And I'd like to think of myself as a cat." He got up from the couch and walked over to where I was at the fridge. I felt my cheeks heat up when he leaned closer and closer to my face. He smiled slowly at me. Each second, I could hear a purr rumbling from his throat. "See~?"