
Sammy introduced himself to me and I couldn't help but just stare at him as he talked he was so cute I still was a little bit buzzed but not enough to talk nonsense. He looked down at his phone as a text popped up and than asked me if I wanted to go upstairs with him and his friends. I agreed and stood up and followed him toward the stairs the crowd starting getting more crowded so Sammy grabbed my hand to make sure I didn't loose him but as soon as he grabbed my hand I couldn't help but shiver at his touch. We went up the stairs to a less crowded area and to my surprise Sammy didn't let go of my hand. We walked toward a table with a group of people and I recognized them and I looked at Sammy and realized I was holding hands with Sammy Wilk it all hit me I was to drunk to notice but I knew who all these boys were and I instantly felt so stupid for not knowing who he was as soon as he said his name. We sat down at the table with all the boys and they introduced themselves to me even though I already knew their names. We sat there and talked for a while and than Nate ordered a bottle of Smirnoff and poured shots for everyone, at first Sammy gave me a weird look knowing I had just sobered up but I squeezed his hand and smiled at him and he just shrugged and started downing the shots. After a while of taking shots and getting super tipsy again Sammy got up and grabbed my hand leading us toward the dance floor, as soon as we reached the dance floor the shots hit me like a truck and all I wanted to do was dance I turned around and starting to grind Sammy and he soon noticed what I was doing and grabbed my hips taking control. I turned around and wrapped my arms around his neck and danced against him. For some reason I just wanted to kiss him and with how drunk I was I instantly grabbed his face and smashed my lips to his, as our lips touched I felt like everything around us stopped even the music. We stood there kissing and he kissed down my neck. Than back to my lips he licked my bottom lip asking for entry but I denied it causing him to groan and so he bit my lips causing me to let out a gasp and as soon as I opened my mouth he let his tongue dance with mine as soon as we stopped kissing I nuzzled my head into his shoulder and we just stood there in the middle of the dancing bodies embracing each other. We walked out of the crowd and I checked my phone and noticed Tara had called me a couple times along with Emily I was guessing Sammy saw the texts and said "why don't you just come over to where I'm staying for the night and I'll take you home tomorrow." I agreed at this even though me and Sammy had just met and we were going so fast with everything, but I didn't expect anything to happen out of this I was guessing we would just have sex than that would be it. Tara texted back ok and Sammy grabbed my hand and said we should probably get going the concert is about to end and the exits are gonna be very crowded. We all walked toward the exit and as soon as we were out of VIP and walking toward the exit a swarm of girls starting calling out the boys names Sammy walked toward them his hand still in mine and took some quick selfies with them some of the fans started to notice that our hands were intertwined and whispered things to each other I kinda just looked down at my heels as they whispered and Sammy finally finished and told them we had to go and I heard one of the girls mutter slut under her breath but I just shook it off and walked to the uber with Sammy and the boys.