
Clara Martinez was the musical one. Her parents got her to start playing piano after they visited a classical recital at the opera house. Clara had a beautiful colour of brown hair which she named "poo brown" which made us all laugh every time. Clara was the type of girl who felt like she didn't need a boyfriend as she felt they wouldn't make her independent and they would distract her from her school studies. Although she never felt the need for a boys attention we all knew that she dieted a lot as she always felt self conscious of her weight which was frightening for us. Her sister; Olivia was two yet older than her and they were always up to mischief even though they could be very innocent at times.
Natalia Jackson was the sporty one of the group. Anytime you looked out your window around 7am you would see her running around the block before she got ready for school. Natalia had dark blonde colour of hair which I guess you called call "bronde". People always pointed out how her darker hair made her bright green eyes stand out like they were emeralds. Natalia was the girl in the whom had the most siblings. She had a sister; Sonia and a brother; Daniel. They all got on really well and helped each other cope with the loss of their mother who died a year ago of an unknown cause. Lucky for them though they still ha their dad who seemed great. Natalia may have been lovely and polite in front of her dad but when she was with us she would swear a lot. I also would like to mention that Natalia was the girl in the group excluding myself who had a boyfriend; Sam. He and Natalia had met at school on the first day that Natalia started Mossneuk High School.
Last but certainly not least, there was Adrianna Daniels. She was the fashionista who read Vogue religiously. She and Lucia were always meeting up to talk the latest trends for Lucia to design. Adrianna at school was considered the hot one. She had her dark brown hair and her hazel, chocolate coloured eyes and a perfect size zero figure. Although she was beautiful she never had a boyfriend. She couldn't understand why though, but the other girls and I could. You see Adrianna was the type of girl that boys assumed was pretty but dum and completely full of herself, so therefore boys couldn't put up with her as she intimidated them a little and kind of annoyed them with her overly confident attitude. Adrianna never grew up with a father either. Her mum told her that when she was a baby her dad went off to work in Germany and never returned. Unlike Lucia Adrianna felt like she was blessed to have no siblings as she considered them pests that would take away her thunder. We all over her though as she taught us things like how to wear the right make up for our skin tone and what shoes go with the best outfit and even though she seemed like that pretty girl you knew at high school who wasn't intelligent, Adrianna would help us with our maths homework.
*********The next day my friends went to school together like normal, except there was nothing normal about it. Everyone knew about my death as it was on the news so everyone kept staring and teachers were constantly asking if my friends were okay. They would say they were pushing through an that they wanted to be strong. Neither of them had shed a tear either as they knew if they started they wouldn't be able to stop.
When walking through the corridor together, Natalia's boyfriend, Sam walked towards her with a sympathetic smile. Once he had reached her he grabbed her hand and walked her to a quite spot beside the lockers to check if she was okay.
When they faced each other he put both of hands around her waist an pressed his forehead against hers and whispered "hey, are you okay? Do you want to talk about it?"