
Zara's POV:
My name is Zara Anderson and I had a very unfortunate day yesterday. You see it all started when I told my parents something that made them furious with me. Here's what happened:
I walked through the kitchen into the living room in a hurry as my mother; Mrs Anderson was not only confused but angry "Zara I can't believe you would do this! To our family! What are people going to think! You're at school and not to mention your career is over and your only sixteen!"
"Your mothers right Zara, what on earth were you thinking!?" My dad; Mr Anderson said with a clipped tone. He was standing next to my mother holding her hand, trying to calm her down so he would as well. But nothing I said would calm them down so all I could say as to not further upset them and freak them out was
"I'm really sorry but it was an accident, you don't understand"
"Well you know what I've had enough! Your father and I are going to go and get this boy and tell his parents everything!" After my mother said this she started getting her things ready and grabbed my dad's hand to lead him out the door.
"What no! You can't!" I said while jumping In front of the door. "It's 10pm they could be sleeping"
"It doesn't matter now move! I'm so disappointed in you!"My mother yelled at me whilst pushing me out the way. I ended up falling to the ground as they got out the door. They didn't know the truth of what really has happened so I still tried to stop them from getting on their car which was parked across the street. It wasn't parked in our driveway because there was still work to be done from just moving in 7 months ago.
My mother and father were almost in the car which was when I decided to cross the road. As I crossed the road I felt the impact of metal hit my body sharply and quickly. Once I had rolled completely over the car, I landed solidly on the ground with a thud leaving a pool of blood around me. The car soon sped off and the driver was unknown to everyone.
Whilst I was laying their my mother screamed for help and my dad sat next to me holding my hand and saying "don't worry your going to live"A second later I died.
********The news of my death spread like wild fire. Once my body was taken away in an ambulance and the police had talked to neighbours who were possible witnesses, my four best friends gathered together holding each other's hands forming a circle. They each made a prayer contains what they all loved about me. It sounded like this;
"Zara Anderson, was loyal, kind and generous. She never deserved this and we will always remember her not for her death but for who she was as a person" They said this with such meaning and thoughtfulness, and I am eternally grateful to them.
As I watched each of them walk to their homes I thought about of all the things I would say about them if they had just died.
Lucia Garcia, a true artist. She was the friend who loved art and drawing clothes for which she wished to make. Sadly for Lucia she had old traditional parents who valued intelligence and not art. This being said her mother wasn't very intelligent herself. I would also mention that Lucia had a beautiful colour of hair; auburn is what she told us to call it. I liked calling it auburn because it reminded me of autumn with the golden orange coloured leaves which were similar to her hair colour. Unfortunately the kids at school were not so keen on calling it auburn so they called it "ginger" which made Lucia upset because she therefore got picked on for calling it something unusual and the way the kids said it was so awful like it was a disease.Even when Lucia told her parents about the kids at school thy firstly blamed her for not wanting to call it ginger and the second time she told them thy phoned the school which made matters even worse. Lucia was also an only child so she was always calling us to see if we were available to talk to about her parents and troubles. Due to the comments on the hair Lucia found herself being uncomfortable around boys and was never able to even talk to them without thinking that they were picking on her. Even though she had all this bad stuff to deal with she still was an amazing friend who would never be able to be replaced.