
Natalia stood their and half smiled whilst replying "I'm pushing through the pain. I already miss her you know? I mean I know we were only friends for like 7 months but she was like one my best friends that I made here when I first moved." After saying this she nearly started to cry.
"Hey, don't get upset. Whoever killed her is going to get caught and they're going to pay for it in jail. Meanwhile you have your other best friends who will be able to help you as well as me, as they know what you are going through. Common lets get you to your class" Sam said then kissing her forehead before talking one of her hands and leading her to P.E.
"I know it's never going to be the 'five a's again though" Natalia said while sulking.
"I know" Sam sighed whilst placing his arm over her shoulder and whispering again into her ear "I know".
**********Adrianna was walking to class when her phone went off. She took it out of her pocket and read "sweetie I'll b home L8 tonight, but there's some salad in the fridge that u can set up 4 ur self. oh and Zara's parents want u & the girls 2 go over 2 their house 2 talk about stuff, so go straight after school an tell the girls. Mum x.
"Great, alone again for dinner, thanks mum." she of course didn't say that to her mum though. Instead she replied "okay. We'll b there. x".
While looking at her phone she wasn't looking where she was going and bumped into a familiar looking boy that seemed, (by the welcome package in his hands) to be new at their school.
He looked at her and all she could think was 'wow he's cute". He made that face when you think you recognise someone but you're not sure, so he asked her "hey do I know you?"
"Um I think so. Sorry what's you're name?" She said tilting her head and flicking her hair over her shoulder exposing her collarbone.
"Callum Anderson. And you are?" Holding out his hand to her to shake.
Taking his hand in hers and shaking it she replied "Adrianna Daniels. You're Zara's cousin aren't you?"
He smiled at hearing her name and then looked to floor when hearing the other part of her reply."That's a lovely name. Yeah she was my cousin"
"I'm so sorry for your loss. I was actually one of Zara's best friends"
"That's how I recognise you then"
"Anyway are you starting school here?"
"Yeah just started today which is funny. Not funny haha but funny in weird sort of way"
Adrianna was finding herself attracted to him the more he spoke and by the way he was looking at her. She was so mesmerised that she didn't even know what he had just said but head the word funny so she stupidly replied "yeah it's hilarious" which could have sounded so hurtful to my cousin.But instead he just laughed as I think he was feeling attracted to her too.
The bell rang which meant they were late for class "What class are you heading to? I think we're late" Callum asked
"Um textiles. What about you?"
"P.E. Better go then." he said whole starting to walk away.
"Wait, Callum are you going to your cousins house tonight? Her parents want to talk to my friends and I, so maybe it's just to talk about gathering her stuff or helping to find out who murdered  her"
"Yeah, I'll see you there, bye Adrianna"He waved
"Bye Callum"