
Arthur was sitting on the train. He wasn't given specific information about this world academy or much about where it was, only that it was to brush him up on academics. Personally he found this far fetched and ridiculous but his boss insisted on it due to how much stress he was going through with Russia. "Bollocks" he found himself hissing under his breath as he glanced out the window. After a few minutes the train came to a stop and the sound of feet scuffling in was heard. "HAHA DUDE LOOK HOW COOL IT IS OUTSIDE!" "Oh god" Arthur cringed at the loud American accent the filled the isle and he ducked behind the seat in hopes of not being seen. "I SAW ARTIE DUDE!" "ITS ARTHUR YOU BLOODY PRICK!" Anddddd he gave himself away. Alfred plopped down next to Arthur as he straitens back up in his seat. "Dude I haven't seen you in forever!" He slung an arm around Arthur and leaned up against his face lovingly. "Get off me! You reek of hamburger meat!" He pressed himself against the window glancing at who was behind Alfred. Just his luck. It was the bearded frog. "Bonjour mon ami~" "Repulsive." Arthur turned away despite the fact that Alfred was clinging to him. He didn't mind it at first but after a good 10 minutes of everyone settling down he grew a bit worried of why Alfred refused to u hand him. "America." Arthur finally piped up. "Yeah bro?" "May I inquire to why you are hanging onto me..?" "I haven't seen you in so longgg!" "So you.. Missed me?" "Of coarse Iggy!!" "Please refrain from calling me that." He couldn't help feel his face flush a little at the thought of Alfred missing him. "Ohonhonhon is someone growing flustered~?" Arthur shot a nasty glare at France and proceeded to roll his eyes in distaste. Over the next few hours more countries bordered this 'magical' train and finally made it to the stop in front of the large campus. Though it appeared close it was about a mile walk to get to the entrance. Everyone filed out with their luggage in their hands. "Great."
Once the "student body" made it to the gate a curvy figured woman with red hair and freckles stood with her arms crossed. "ATTENTION" she shrieked. Her voice was obviously Scottish and this earned Arthur a few glances. "So we're in Scotland.." He thought to himself and he groaned knowing he was destined to see his horrid sibling. "YEE ALL WILL BE ROOMING WITH SOME ONE. ILL HAND YEE YER ROOM KEY AND FIND YER PARTNER THAT HAS THE SAME ROOM NUMBER!" She distributed the keys among everyone and everyone shuffled around looking for their roommate. "Dorm... 69" Arthur thought to himself as he glanced around at the other countries (sorry I had to). "HAHA DUDE THIS IS FUNNY 69 HAHAHA" Arthur felt his shoulders droop. He had gotten Alfred. Though he felt an extreme happiness bloom in his stomach he remained as though he was gloomy and upset. "Alfred.." The bloody twat was to hyper to hear Arthur speak. "Alfred-" he spoke up and the American continued to jump and laugh. "ALFRED F. JONES" Not only did that catch the attention of Alfred but the surrounding countries. "Yeah dude?" Arthur held up the key to the dorm and Alfred gasped and grabed Arthur pulling him into a tight hug. "YAY! YES I GOT YOU!" Arthur grew a profound color of red and tried to push the American off much to his effort he failed. "I-I can't breath!" Alfred finally let up his cheeks a rosy pink as a grin painted his face. Arthur had to admit he had grown quite handsome. He opened his mouth to say something but the loud Scottish woman yelled again, "YEE MAY NOW GO TO YER DORMS, DINNER ILL' BE AT 6 O'CLOCK SHARP, DON' BE LATE!" she then grew quiet and walked to the side glancing at Arthur before bowing her head in which he returned the gesture.
After much searching the Pair found their room and Arthur opened the door only to be trampled by Alfred who flew onto the bed. "Aweeee yeah!" Arthur made a huff noise and moved to the left side of the room setting down his things beginning to unpack. "Hey Iggy?" "It's Arthur." "Iggy." "Arthur." "But-" "Its Arthur twat." Arthur glanced at Alfred who was facing him. "Are you happy your my room mate~!?" "It can't be helped so sure why not" "that sounds sarcastic." "It was." Alfred pouted and started unpacking placing a large American flag above his bed in the process. "Oh god, may the queen have mercy on my soul." Arthur muttered to himself as he finished placing the his clothes in the bed side drawers. "This is going to be a long one..." He thought to himself.