
PRESENT DAY
"Raise your hand if you were here about two years ago ? ."
I said holding the microphone to my mouth . I looked around the crowd and noticed familiar faces but still there were some which were unknown , probably because they found their mates in this pack . About 87% hands are raised . I smirk and continue with my dramatic speech .
"Did you ever notice that girl with long black hair that used to sit far back in the corner with her head down and barely spoke ? How many times did you bump into her in the hallway and pretend you didn't see her and that she was invisible?
How many times did you see that she was the last girl standing waiting to be picked for the team or group assignment? How many times did you make fun of her for being such a weirdo , nerdy , ugly and fat ?
Or laugh in her face because her mate rejected her in the first five minutes of realizing that him being the future alpha got a pathetic weak girl as his mate and the future Luna ?
Well now you remember that girl , I can tell by the looks On your faces . Now try and Remember how she looked .And now look at me . Is there something familiar. No ?
Well that girl used to be me . But now I've changed as you can probably see and I've been assigned by the PPA ( Pack Protecting Agency) to help you all train and learn how to be a strong pack as you're having rouge problems . I'm pretty sure you've heard of my supernatural hunting name . Does satan's daughter ring a bell ? ."
I look and see fear flash through their eyes and I smile triumphantly , glad to know that they know who I am.
" Good I can tell you do know who I am . Anyways I'm only here for a couple of months and by the time i'm through with you all .
Well let's just say your in for a bumpy ride . Cause Karma's a bitch specially when it comes to bite you in the ass "
Satisfied with my speech I give a final smirk , turn around , run to my bike give a fake sign of salute , Jump on my bike and speed off . Thinking
I'm back bitches and I'm here to stay .