
Dawson// note to self: it's alright to cry; just it's not okay to cry in front of someone. //
"Get your ass down the fucking stairs and to the bus stop. I am not fucking driving you every god damn mother fucking day. Do you hear? Dawson? Dawson!" My mother shouts from the bottom of the stairs. I was in my bedroom, my eyes full of tears, wanting to die right there, but I mustn't make my mother even madder than she already is.
"I'm coming," I whimper. I push myself off of my bed and wipe the tears from my eyes. I head out of my bedroom and towards the stairs. I was already ready for school but I started to remember the past and started overthinking about the future and realized, life fucking sucks. I head down the stairs and my mother stops me in front of her.
"Why are you crying? I didn't raise you as a fucking weak ass person. Stop fucking crying and man-up," she says right in my face, making me want to slap her. No, scream at her. I just wanted her to stop.
"I'm not a fucking weak ass person, everybody cries," I say quietly.
"You're a fucking wimp. You always fucking have been, that's why I hate being seen with you, because you're so god damn stupid and weak and has to cry whenever somebody hurts you. You need to fucking stop all of your crying, you pathetic, weak, little shit." She slaps me across the face. I'm not surprised though, she does abuse my older brother and me. "Now get your ass outside young lady," she says moving out of my way so I can walk past.
Sam// note to self: food is just calories, calories is just fat, and fat makes me unhappy. so stop eating so much god damn food, you fatty. //
I wake to the annoying sound of my alarm clock that lies on my bedside table. I hit the snooze button and roll out of bed. I hate waking up especially because that means I'm not dead. I deserve to die. I should die; I am just a waste of air and space. I need to fucking die already.
I finally get my head cleared, and I head into the kitchen for some breakfast. Once I am in the kitchen I open the refrigerator and look inside. All that's in there is carton of half drunken milk and a bottle of pills that somehow ended up in the refrigerator. I don't remember putting the pills in there but I must've so I don't question it. I don't buy food because I believe food only makes you fatter, and my purpose in life is to die, and or to be skinny. The only way to be skinny is to starve myself. I do occasionally eat, maybe every two days I eat supper but that's mostly it. I just want to be skinny.
I head back into my bedroom and quickly get dressed for school. I'm in grade 11, and I still can't believe that. I'm a fucking idiot who can't focus so I am not surprised if they don't let me graduate. Once I am dressed I head back out into the main part of my apartment. I am wearing a long sleeved shirt, and jeans. I check my phone and my eyes widen. I'm going to miss the bus. I sprint out of my apartment and towards the bus stop. Shit, I hate being late.
Addie// note to self: worrying about everything will make you an ugly person. //
I take my seat at the dinner table surrounded by my family. My parents bring plates full of toast, eggs, bacon, sausages, and even bowls of cereal for all of us. I sit next to my younger brother and my younger sister. My mother hands me at plate of food and I stare at it. Maybe I should eat this; I'll be healthy if I do. No, it'll only make your body and mind feel like shit, don't eat it. What if I eat it and then I get addicted to it, I'll have to get my stomach pumped. I need to stop all of my worrying, I'll just puke my food up at school, yeah, and that's what I'll do.
I begin eating the eggs first; maybe I'll hate it and stop eating. Sadly, all of the food ends up in my stomach. This'll be more difficult to throw up than I'd imagined. I stand from my seat at the table and push my chair in. I grab my plate, fork & knife and carry them into the kitchen. I set them beside the sink that's full of water and walk away silently.