
I run upstairs into my bedroom and quickly get changed before my sister's come up. My parents can't afford a house that has a bedroom for each of their kids so my parents share a bedroom, my two brothers share a bedroom and then my two sisters and I have to share another bedroom. I get changed into some baggy clothes so no one suspects I have an eating disorder of some sort. Sweatpants and oversized hoodies are what I have to wear so nobody will notice and start freaking out. What if everyone already knows I have an eating disorder? I'll be laughed at in school if I tell one person because I don't trust anyone. Everybody spreads the things they hear and if someone spreads the word that I am like this, my life is ruined, it'll be over, just like that.
I head downstairs and avoid speaking or making eye contact with my parents. They usually forget about me but just to make sure I sometimes sneak around. I don't like talking or sharing what I am thinking. I don't like being complimented or lied to. I sit at the back of the class, nobody knows my name, and nobody tries to talk to me because they know I won't answer. The teacher doesn't call on me because they know I won't answer either, I just sit there and notice everything everybody else does, which is scary since they have no idea I can see that but you'd be surprised. I once saw someone dealing a nerd some weed while the teacher was teaching. I am surprised the teacher continued teaching since the nerd accidentally opened the bag and the entire classroom was filled with the scent of weed. I once saw a girl who was also quiet cut open her wrist in the middle of class. I never mentioned anything to anyone because I knew she was ashamed of it, and I doubt bringing it up would help. Plus I fucking hate talking.
I walk outside and stand at the bus stop. The weather is quite chilly but I can tell it's going to be a really hot fay once the sun has risen.
Nate// note to self: life isn't for everyone. //
I roll onto my stomach on my bed. I am still a bit tired but I am awake to think about what I am about to do. I lower my face onto the pillow and begin to stop breathing. I can feel my lungs burning after moments of lying there waiting for death to approach. Until I hear a fucking knock on my door.
"Nate, get your fucking shit ass out here now, you're going to be late for the fucking bus that I pay damn good money for, so hurry your shitty ass up," I heat my father shout through my door.
I lift my head up and take a deep breathe. "Okay, okay, I'm coming," I shut my eyes and sigh. I just want to fucking succeed at suicide. I've attempted more times than my heart beats. Well, probably not that many times but so fucking close.
I stand up beside my bed and walk over to my closet. I slip on a pair of jeans and a navy blue t-shirt. I wonder when I'll finally die. I can't wait much longer. I walk over to my window and I open the curtains to see a gorgeous teenage girl who seems to be around my age standing by her window. My house and the next door neighbour's house are somewhat close and my bedroom window in just across from that family's daughter's bedroom window. I've never spoken to her; I don't even know her name. But she's so pretty and skinny and perfect, I wish I at least knew her name. Oh shit, I better not of developed a crush because that's exactly what'll stop me from killing myself.
I continue on with my day and head into the kitchen. I grab a piece of toast and eat it on the way out the door. I am probably going to be late for the bus, but whatever I don't really care. I head outside and I just remembered I forgot my homework inside. Oh well, I'm not going back to get it, it'll have to wait.
Eve// note to self: tests are stupid, don't get stressed over them, the world won't end just because you failed one little test. //