
~Flashback~
-December 1st- -Miley's POV-
2 AM
I was woken up by hearing a cry from the baby monitor, and Noah was standing in my doorway.
"Will you go make her be quiet? I can hear her from where I'm sleeping." Noah whines.
"You didn't have to come, you know." I snap. "She has a right to cry, she's probably hungry or needs her diaper changed." Then I get up, and go to the nursery. When I got in there, I picked her up and start to rock her in my arms.
"I'm gonna go back to bed." Noah says then walks off.
"What's wrong baby girl? Are you hungry?" Then I sit down and lift my shirt, and old her up to my breast. But she doesn't start sucking, so I put my shirt back down, but she's still crying. "Well you don't stink, so you don't need a diaper change. What's wrong?" I say, rocking her. Then she quiets down. "Oh, you just wanted me." Then I continue to rock her until she's asleep, and when she's asleep, I put her in her crib. Then I went back to bed.
~End of Flashback~
-November 23rd, 2020- -Miley's POV-
"Happy birthday, Destiny Faith, blow out your candles." I say to my daughter, and she blows out her candles in her cake. It was her fifth birthday party. My parents were here, Trace, Brandi, Braison, and Noah were here. Even Patrick. I pull Patrick aside, and whisper to him. "Thanks for coming, it means a lot to her. You are her dad after all."
"No poblem." He whispers back. After I left that message on his phone, he called me back and explained everything. I was still upset, but I learned to forgive him. Nick was still furious with me, even after he told me all that stuff I didn't choose him, so he's out of my life now, and Destiny's.
After we ate cake Destiny opened presents, and she got some toys and clothes. Then everyone just kind of broke into small groups and talked. I was talking to my parents when Patrick pulled me aside.
"What?" I ask.
"Why is it that Destiny can't call me dad?" He asks. "I've been in her life ever since I got out of the hospital, and she hasn't called me dad or daddy once. She's only called me Patrick."
"I don't make her call you Patrick you know. She does that by choice. I guess she's never really seen you as a fatherly figure."
"Well when will she call me dad?"
"Whenever she's ready. Whenever she feels like it's right to call you that.
"Will you talk to her for me?"
"Patrick, I can't force her into doing something she isn't ready for, she has to do it herself."
After I got done talking to Patrick, the party ended shortly after. Everyone left, and it was just Destiny and me.
"Destiny, are you hungry?"
"No."
"Then go inside and play while I clean up the backyard please." Then she goes inside, and I start to clean up the backyard, when I hear a car pull up. I go to the front yard, and I see someone that was not invited to the party. "What do you want now?"
"I just wanted to see her in person."
"Nick, you shouldn't be here. Plus, I thought you didn't want anything to do with us after I chose Patrick."
"I just wanna see her." Then Destiny shows up.
"Destiny, go back inside please."