
"What kinda game?" he asks uneasy.
She pulls the tape off the box, "Just wait for it, I dont want to ruin the surprise," she says, popping the lid off. "But I found these just from walking home. Who knows what kind of diseases are on these." She laughs lightly and pulls out a dirty, rusty razor blade. Matheiu tries to speak but she covers his mouth, "Shh, listen. Here are the rules. You only get one chance to please me. You need to answer my questions to my liking. And if you dont, " she says putting the dirty razor to his skin, "Then this is going to become quite the party. Understand?"
The man moves his head up and down quickly and she slowly removes her hand.
"Okay, see isnt that better?" she asks, "Now, where are the girls?"
"T-they're not here," he says stuttering slightly.
"No way really?" she says sarcasticly, "I know that, Dipshit. What is there location?"
"I d-dont know. I just take the money and-"
"That answer irritates me," she said and with one swift movement she ran the razor blade down his face. She watched as he gasped in surprise and was amused when she seen the angry red line from his forehead to chin start to bleed. She isn't phased, not a bit.
"One more time, the location?" She said sternly.
"If I tell you I'll be killed!" he screamed.
She exhaled more smoke into his face and gave a small smile, "Ill kill you," she whispered and suddenly she was pushing the razor onto the corner of his mouth hard. The skin finally gave way and soon there was a 4 inch gash. His mouth opened to scream, but he was in shock and stayed silent. His back teeth were completely visible. His eyes slowly went back to her face.
"Please," he begged, "Please stop."
"When they begged you to take them home, did you stop?" she asked. Anger flashing in her eyes, "Obviously not or I wouldnt be here." She grabbed the knife in his chest and slowly started to pull.
"Theres an a-abandoned factory a few blocks from here on Fourth. Theyre in the basementm the basement..."
She watched as he started to slump over, "Oh, come on Matt, stay awake, it cant hurt that bad," she says smiling.
She rips the knife from his chest causing him to cry out. She then gets off his lap and pushes him onto the floor.
"W-who are you?" he asks, words slurred.
She rolls him onto his stomach, and soon hes not even fighting anymore. She starts pulling up his shirt, razorblade in hand. Slowly she starts to cut, Matt grunting now and again in pain. Blood spilled constantly, and finally when she reached her finished her hands were soaked. She looks down at the carving of the insect that she was called and leans into the man, whsipering into his ear, "I'm the Wasp."
She then reaches for a phone on a table not far from the couch and flips it open. She dials a number and listens to it ring shortly.
"911 what is your emergency?" The operator said.
"I have found a man who traffics minors, I am in the building with him. His name is Matheiu Palmer, he is in the Cortega Apartments, number 113. He is unconscious and bleeding, you cant miss him. Another thing, there are about 12 men standing outside the door so dont send in any officers alone," She says casually.
"Ma'am, we need you to stay put-"