
She lit another cigarette, letting it contaminate her lips. Her black hair hung partially in her face, the rest was pretty short, a little past her ear. Her eyes were fierce as she looked out of the window, not at anything in particular. She sighed and stood up grabbing her jacket, the leather material almost rough from wear. She walked out of her apartment and closed the door behind her. She walked down the staircase of the apartment complex, and pushed the door open and stepped into the cold night air. It bit her face so she silently slipped her jacket on, even though she didnt mind the cold.  The city was loud, even at this time of night and lights were bright enought to know exactly where she was going.
She lit another cigarette, the smoke slowly drifting from her lips and past her figure. Her boots hit the pavement effortlessly. She walked on for some time, thinking of all of the things the night had to offer. She walked for a while, letting the buildings zoom past as she finally got to a part of town that was more secluded and dark. She stopped infront of a large building and went inside. To her left was a staircase but straight ahead was an elevator so she took that instead. Pushing the button she waited impatiently and was completely unaware of the fact that her boot was tap-tap-tapping on the floor. Finally the elevator 'Dinged' so she stepped inside and hit the button for floor seven. The elevator went up quickly making her feel like her stomach dropped, yet she still kept the stoic look on her face. Again, the elevator dinged and she stepped out, pulling a piece of paper from her pocket that read the number '113'. She walked down the hall and noticed the the building was dirty. Parts of the hall were littered with trash and unknown streaks ran down some of the walls. She stopped and turned to her left, looking at the piece of paper again even though she knew that this door had the right number on it. She sighed then in one swift movement she kicked the door. The movement was fast and door swung open. She stepped inside, the silence deafening as she pulled a knife from the casing around her thigh.
"Come out, come out," She started with a smile, "Wherever you are."
Soon she turned the corner into the living room as a single gunshot filled the room. She pulled back and hid on the otherside of the wall, her ears ringing. She felt liquid on her face soon followed by hot pain as she brought her hand to her cheek. Her fingers carefully felt where her cheek was split open from the bullet that caressed her face harshly.
"You make terrible choices," she says, barely peeking around the corner catching a glimpse of two men. One happens to be the exact one she was looking for. She steps around the corner, throwing the knife she was holding into the gunners face. Causing his head to go back and make a sound that would make a normal person sick. She pulls out another knife, and slams it into the man she wants chest. He falls back onto the couch behind him.
Loudly she starts," Well, well. I think its about timefor everyone to give Matheiu and I a couple of moments alone or else, " She twists the knife in Mathieus' chest causing him to cry out, "Your 'Fearsome Leader' might end up going to hell sooner than expected."
Soon men and a few women start to file out of the apartment. She then takes a seat right on Matheius' lap facing him.  She leans back for a moment and retrieves a cigarette from her pocket and lights it, she exhales the smoke into his face slowly, "So, where are they?" she asks.
"Who?" Mathieu replies panting.
She tilts her head to the side and grins, "Best not to hide things from me, Matt."
He swallows, nervous.
She pats the side of his face roughly a few times, "Come on matt, the girls that you're trafficking."
"I d-don't know what you're talkin' about, I-"
She puts a finger to his lips, "Listen Matt, we're going to play a fun little game," She says smiling, removing a small white box from her bah, "I'm not sure how much you'll like it, but I'll have fun!"