
She hangs up the phone, removing the battery and tosses it to the floor. She takes long strides over to the window and pushes it open. Pausing to remove the knife out of the gunners head and tosses it into her bag. She steps onto the ledge just outside of the window, and swiftly hops to the next window ledge. She continues like this until she reaches a fire escape and runs down the steps quickly. She jumps down and her boots hit the ground hard. She puts her hood on and walks quickly down the street, feeling lucky no one saw her. Soon she sees Police, fire department, and an ambulance speeding toward the scene and can't help but smile to herself. She walks fast and soon turns onto fourth street. She keeps her hood on and her head low, but soon stops and looks up at an old building. The factory.  She hops the fence, and walks around the factory until she sees a broken window and slips inside.
Everything was dusty and smelled like glue, she took her hood off and entered a large room and walked arcross it, finding a hallway. At the end of the hallway was a door and a man stood outside of it. The man was large, and clearly lifted way to many weights in his life.  She hid on the other side of the corner and suddenly had an idea. She dug around in her bag until she pulled out one of the loose knives from earlier and dropped it on the ground infront of her. The mans head jerked in the direction of the sound, he stood up straight and started walking near it. She slipped her brass knuckles on and waited patiently. Finally the man rounded the corner and the she jumped up quickly and punched him in the mouth, making him land on his ass. She was getting ready to get up when he jumped on her, slamming all his weight down on her body, making her face hit the hard floor. He put her in a choke hold and stood up, making her stand with him. "You fucking bitch," he spat at her.
"You're," she coughed, "The bitch."
He then slammed her head into the wall. She was dizzy for a moment but had enough time to get ahold of herself, she put her fists up, "Aww did I upset you 'Bitch'?"she said tauntingly, and spit a mouthful of blood at him.
Then that was it, he ran toward her and she felt the brass knuckles collide with his temple. The crunch filled her ears and was slightly sad. Usually she would have smiled but her face hurt too much.
The man hit the floor hard and unconscious, and she made her way down the hall. She reached for the door and opened it slowly. Inside there was a rustling shifting sound, but it was dark and she couldnt see a thing. She let her hand feel along the wall until finally she found the switch and flipped it on.
There were bunks everywhere. The children cowared underneath beds, blankets and corners. Except for one.
"Amelia?" One of the little girls asks.
She smiles and nods, "Charlotte."
The little girl runs to her and hugs her hard, she looks up at Charlotte, "Your mother has missed you so much." She then looks to the other girls, "All of your mothers have missed you so much."
She stands up and Charlotte holds her hand, "Lets get you all home then."
The girls slowly come out and Charlotte reassures them that Amelia is alright. All 15 children leave the room quickly, until she, Amelia, stops them and pulls out her phone.
She quickly dials a number, "Hey Vix, contact all the parents and have them meet me at the abondoned factory on fourth street. I found all the kids."
She stops the kids and asks them all for the first and last names and lets the man on the other side of the line take the names. By the time they get outside of the building cars are already showing up. One of the parents gets bolt cutters from the back of their car and gets the gate open. Amelia watched the reunions the parents had with their children. They all thanked her, some even tried offering her money which she turned down. Within the next hour almost all the children are gone, even Charlotte. Except for one, sitting there quietly waiting.