
My God, it has been ages since I have seen her. How long has it been? Mark was wondering too. 'How can she even be here, I almost stopped singing because of her. 'What's the matter, who is she?', Glen asked. We didn't knew Glen back then.
'She is my first girlfriend, you know the one I never shut up about, she was best friends with me and Mark', I explained. 'Oooh Kathy', Glen said. 'Yes Kathy', I replied. 'She looks awesome, I wonder what she's doing', I said. 'Dan, she will come... trust me', Mark said.
I saw her and her friend coming out of the hallway and into this room. 'Kathy', I said with a smile. 'You recognize me', she said shy. 'How can I not recognize my first love silly', I said and I hugged her.
'I didn't knew that you were in a band... last thing I've heard from you is that you were in a band called MyTown, but Anna dragged me here and I had no idea you were in The Script, it's a cool name by the way', she said really fast.
'Hey... chill no need to be nervous, I am sorry I never said anything about you in the media, we might would have meet again sooner', I said.
'It's okay Daniel... oh wait it's Danny now right?', she asked. I nodded. 'Jup, everybody calls me that now, you can call me whatever you want', I said and I stroke with my hand over her cheek. Electricity was flying trough my body.
'I love your hair', I said. 'I love yours too', she said.
'Do you... do you want to meet me tomorrow?', I asked nervously. 'Yeah... like old times, you pick me up at 7?', she asked. 'Sure, were do you live now?', I asked. She gave me her address and phone number and I gave mine.
'This is my best friend and roommate Anna, she is a huge fan', she said with a soft smile.
'Hey Anna, nice to meet you, thank you for looking out for my bestie here', I said hugging her. I found it cute when Anna's eyes grew wider and she started to stutter and asked for a selfie with us.
That night I couldn't sleep well. Her eyes, those beautiful eyes were playing games with me. Holy shit. Her purple high lights were so cool. I loved the way she looked. It was like high school all over again. First we need to start as friends. We haven't seen each other in ages. We better take things slow.
Finally after 2 hours of waiting to fall asleep. I fell asleep.
So first chapter of another Danny story. Looks like I can't stop writing about him. Hope you liked it. I am going to try to take things slow this time. Hopefully it is still good :) x
