
Kathy
Waiting in line for a band I don't even know songs from and I don't know the guys. Anna says that they are really good live and that the lead singer suppose to be really hot. Well, first see then believe.
9 freaking hours waiting in line for people you don't even know. That is dedication to your crazy ass best friend who wants to stand front row.
'Kathy... what are you thinking about?', I asked. 'Nothing, just an old friend from high school popped in my head. He was going away to work on music, I wonder what happened to him', I said. 'Not that guy again, you have to put that Daniel out of your head okay, it's over done, your a grown woman now, it's time to start fresh, maybe if I date the drummer from this band, you can date the lead singer, hey how is that', Anna said. I laughed. 'What about the guitarist?', I asked. 'He is married', Anna said. 'You did a full background check, haha', I said laughing. 'What... you have to know who you are a fan off', Anna said. 'True words', I said. 'Finally, the doors are open!', Anna said jumping up and down. I was jumping with her. Now I wanted front row too. Standing 9 hours, we freaking deserved it.
'Holy shit', Anna said while our tickets got scanned. We ran towards the stage and believe it or not, we were standing front row. We grabbed ourselves to the bars, never to let go again. 'Holy shit! I can't believe it!', Anna said. Anna could be so cute when she was excited. First there was a guy performing named Colton Avery. He was awesome. Then Tinie Tempah which brought the whole audience off his feat which was awesome. I didn't knew the songs. Only Written In The Stars, thanks to Anna.
'Wow... man I can't wait!', Anna said cheering. 'Hey that lead singer, is he single?', I asked. 'Yes, very single but ready to mingle, his words, not mine, apparently he has dated a few times after his first high school love, but I guess he didn't forget his high school love, he sounds a bit like you, but then successful', Anna said. I laughed. I knew that this wasn't a mean thing coming from Anna. It's very true. I am an agent for a small band, not the first agent, no the second agent. I would kill for a little bit off success as Anna pointed out.
'There they are!', Anna screamed. I looked. I saw the drummer Anna fancied. I saw the guitarists the one that was married and I knew him, Mark, an old friend of Daniel back in high school. Then I finally saw the lead singer.
My heart stopped beating and I forgot to breath. 'Are you okay?', Anna asked. 'He... Daniel?', I stuttered. 'Wait... he is your high school sweetheart?', Anna screamed.
I was lost for words. This was him. My ex-boyfriend my high school lover, the one I never really got over. My best friend. Standing there on stage singing his heart out.
After the third song he was going off stage and was jumping up and down with the crowd. He was giving it all. Then he came towards me. He smiled and put the mic before my lips. I sang a few chords from the song. I had no idea if he had recognized me. Not a clue.
The concert was one to remember. That was for sure. I couldn't believe that it was actually him. Prince charming. After the concert Anna and I stayed hanging there. A bit flabbergasted. 'I can't believe that that is the Daniel you dated', Anna said. I smiled sad. 'He didn't recognized me, he had no clue who I was. I don't blame him. I've been changed a lot since high school. No braces, I got myself some purple high lights, would you recognize me, nah he sees so many people on one day, I don't blame him for not recognizing me', I said.
We both wanted to walk back to the exit when a guy came towards us. 'He would like to speak to both of you', he said. 'Why?', I asked. 'How should I know', the guard said raising his eyebrow. 'Maybe he recognizes me after all?
Danny