
~After a quick shower
I got dressed and totally forgot about Samantha and Casey.
'I wanna play mechanic' I thought to myself.
I walked out of my room and into the living room. There was Daddy sound asleep with his beer in hand. Daddy always drunk a lot and passed out on the couch. I felt relief wash over me as I saw him asleep. I dashed to the garage and saw Daddy's car.
I opened the hood of the car. A powerful smell filled the room. I grabbed a bunch of random tools like pliers, hammers, scissors. I started to tamper with it until I heard a strange noise. The noise startled me and made me jump back in shock.
'Uh oh better get out of here now' I thought and closed the hood of the car.
As I closed it I heard someone clear their throat. My head shot in the direction of the noise. At the door stood Daddy with beer in his hand he looked really angry.
"Hey kid go back home I'm going to get more beer if you don't I'll hurt you" Daddy said he was angry.
I quickly nodded yes and ran to our apartment. Daddy was scary when he drunk. Usually when he drunk and went out Mommy would yell at him when he got home but Mommy fell asleep.
~Time skip (sorry)
It was late and I sat on the couch watching A movie. I glanced at the digital clock.
12:23 a.m.
'When is Daddy going to come home?' I started to get a little worried.
Just then as if on cue there was a knock at the door. Joy washed over means I quickly hopped off the couch. I ran to the door nearly tripping over my steps and swung it open. Mt frown appeared on my face when I saw it wasn't Daddy, instead of Daddy it was a pretty lady and an ugly old man.
"Little girl is your mother home?" The pretty lady kneeled down and asked.
I shook my head yes and grabbed her arm. Dragging her to the living room where Mommy's motionless body lay. The lady's mouth hung open and she looked at the ugly old man
"Daddy put her to sleep she will wake up soon don't worry we can call you when Daddy gets back" I smiled proudly at them.
They looked at me with a sorry expression on their faces. The ugly old man kneeled down at me and sighed.
"What's your name kid?" He asked
"My name is (Y/N)"

Hey you. Been a short time huh? XD sorry if I made this chapter a bit to dark but you know meh I write some depressing stuff also this book will be pretty depressing and messed up I'm just warning ya know baby ;) anyway I hope you enjoyed the chapter or prologue and I will post one everyday leave any requests if you have any and follow me and I follow back baiiiii~ Thatcreepywriter