
Honestly, you know that feeling where you absolutely don't want to go back to school. Well that's everyday for me.
School was honestly hell and yes I know every kid thinks that, but having Dyslexia is something that makes you see the flames. It's like the gates open up and all these demons come right up to me sucking the life out of me, quite literally. The kids and some teachers don't understand how hard this makes things for you in school.
The entire summer was spent tanning at the beach with my babes, Lizzy and Isabelle. We had a sleepover every other weekend and spent some time with my brother and his friends. Oh, his god awful friends. Isabelle always says it's nice to have hot boys around all the time, but I've known them since kindergarten when they each would give each other wet willy's. They haven't changed.
Let's get one thing straight with those boys, my brother included, they basically are man whores. They even have a slogan, "fuck and dump." None of those boys have had a serious relationship and honestly I pitty anyone who tries to get them in one.
The thing about my brother is we're twins, fraternal. Emmett and Emily are quite similar names, but looks are another thing. We look absolutely nothing alike. You wouldn't even be able to tell that we were related. Although the entire school says we're those "hot twins." Its whatever really though. Popularity is honestly the last thing I'm worried about.
Senior year is just as stressful as Junior year. With going to the college I want to go to, getting accepted into colleges, surviving through my advanced art classes and cheer practices, I barely had time to think.
Cheer was mostly my hobby, art was what I really wanted to do. Although the school knew me as Emily, the co-captain of the cheer squad.
Which reminds me tomorrow is another dreadful Monday. School starts on that Monday. Who in their right mind would start on that day? Why not Wednesday?
I had already picked out my first day at school outfit. It consisted of high waisted blue jeans, a half shirt that says "cute af," my glasses, black bracelets, mint vans, and my hair in a curled ponytail. I also got this real cute black backpack. I didn't try too hard, but I obviously am not going to go in a carrot onesie. I just wanted to look cute okay? It makes me feel better about myself so I do it for me.
Even if I wore my carott onesie boys still end up getting boners in class. Like sorry that's not my fault. Oh I'm sorry are my knees and shoulders turning you on?
Boys at our school are pigs. I mean some of them are hella fine pigs, but they just want to get in your pants. I'm not a virgin, but I definitely don't want any diseases. Like Lord knows where their dicks have been, more precisely who they've been in. I don't want that.
Alright, different topic. No more talk of school. Living in California makes summer great for tanning. All right honestly I'm always tanning.
Summer's one of my favorite seasons. I'd rather be hot than cold. I also can get amazing things to draw. I'm a pretty amazing artist. I've drawn anything from people to buildings. If it was possibility then I would 100% do it. Whenever wherever, I'd be there.
Now that schools back I'll most likely slack on actually drawing for fun and only do the art projects assigned. Which unfortunately really sucks.
I'll have plenty of time later on in the year, but for now its on hold. It may seem crazy since I want to be an artist, but I would honestly have a hard time trying to give up some things I've been doing since freshman year.
Its a routine. I always have a routine. This year.... Yeah, that routine went out the window with one bet.