
Calum (age 15) :You are currently chatting to your mom and sister about your new boyfriend.
"Yeah, he's super sweet. His name is Trevor. I think you all will like him." You say, giving them both a happy smile.
"I can't wait to meet the special fella, Y/N!" Mali-Koa, your sister says to you.
"Who are you guys talking about?" Calum asks, popping out of nowhere.
"Y/N, here has a boyfriend now." Your mom nudges you with her elbow.
3...2...1... You count down the seconds before your over protective brother starts to lecture you.
"Boyfriend?! Are you crazy?! You're way to young to have a boyfriend! Who is this dude? I'll beat the livi-" you cut Calum off.
"Calum Thomas Hood! I'm 15 years old and I'm turning 16 this year. I'm pretty sure I'm old enough! And you'll like Trevor. Calm your self!" You put a hand on his shoulder.
A defeated sigh comes out from Calum's mouth.
"I just don't want you to grow up. You're my baby sister. I want you to stay a baby." Calum pulls you into a hug.
"I'll always be your baby sister. I'm just getting older I guess..." You pull out of the hug and make Calum look at you.
"...now promise me you'll behave."
Calum rolls his eyes at you, "Fine, I promise."
He pulls you into another hug before releasing you and going into the living room.
---
Soon Trevor came over and ate dinner with your whole family. Calum and him hit it off. But before they could talk, Calum gave him a big long lecture about how he treats me, if this happens he'll beat the living shit out of him, and blah blah blah. About 3 hours later, Trevor had to leave, so you walked him to the door.
"Thanks for coming babe." You have him a kiss on the cheek.
"Thanks for inviting me. I like your family. They're pretty nice, even though Calum threatened to beat me up. But other than that, it was great. I'll text you. Okay?" Trevor gives you a hug.
"Okay." You say, blushing. ((I swear if any of you comment about TFIOS I'll chop your non-existent dick off))
You wave bye to Trevor and softly close the door. You walk back into the living room to see Calum grinning to himself.
"So?" You ask him.
"You have my permission to keep on dating him." Calum looks up at you.
"Thank you Cal."
Calum gets up a places a kiss on your head, "anything for you, Y/N."
"I love you Cal."
"I love you too baby hood."~Ashton (age 6) :
You sit on the floor of your room drawing a picture of you and your new "boyfriend". His name was Xavier. He gave you a cookie at lunch time today and you knew you were in love. You kept on blushing to the thought of him. You didn't notice Ashton creeping behind you.
"What are you drawing?" Ashton asks you, sitting down beside you.
"Me and my boyfriend!" You giggled.
"Boyfriend huh? What's his name?"
"Xavier! He gave my a cookie today at lunch and I fell in love with him!" You give Ashton another giggle which causes him to smile.