
"When do I get to meet the lucky guy?"
"Tomorrow after school. We're having a play date." You continue drawing your picture.
Ashton just nods his head and watches you draw. He keeps thinking about when you'll actually have a real boyfriend that he'll have to be really protective over you. Ashton kisses your head and gets up.
"She's growing up on me." Ashton mumbles to himself, walking out your door.
~Luke (age 12) :You're upstairs in your room getting ready for your date with your boyfriend, James. He's taking you to the movies to see Insidious: Chapter 3. You purposely picked this movie because you know you could snuggle with him when you got scared.
You applied mascara to your eyelashes then put on some lipgloss. You stood back and looked at yourself.
"Looking good girl!" You said to yourself while posing sassily in the mirror.
You grab your phone and walk downstairs and sit on the living room couch, waiting for James to come get you. You sit there playing on your phone when a voice clears his/hers throat. You look up to see Luke standing there with his arms crossed.
"What?" You ask him.
"You're too young to have and boyfriend." You groan in response.
"Ben and Jack told you, didn't they." You ask, rolling your eyes.
"Yes they did, and I'm happy they did. Y/N, why didn't you tell me?"
"Because I knew you would be over protective and all that jazz."
"Y/N..." He sighs sitting beside you.
"... I'm protective over you because I love you. I don't want any dumb ass boy hurting you. Your little heart will be crushed."
You look over at look before giving him a small smile.
"You won't need to worry about my boyfriend though. His name is James. He's super sweet. You'll like him. Maybe if you're lucky enough, I can invite him over."
"I'd like to meet the guy, Y/N."
Before you could say anything, a knock at the door caused both yours and Luke's talk to end. You peek through the blinds and see James standing there with a rose.
"That's him!" You say excitedly.
"Okay, be safe. And no kissing! Do you hear me missy." Luke side hugged you.
"Yeah yeah. I know." You smirk.
"Bye Y/N. I love you!" Luke calls out to you while you walk out front.
"I love you too dork!" You shout back smiling.
James hands you the rose while you blush.
"Shall we go beautiful?" James asks you, grabbing your hand.
"We shall." And you guys are off to the movies.---
Turns out later that night you have your first kiss with James. Not bothering to listen to the 'no kissing rule' that your brother told you to follow.
~Michael (age 18) :You were face timing your boyfriend Liam in your room. You guys were talking about a date you guys will be going on in 2 days.
"Hey babe, I'm sorry but I have to go. I love you so much." Liam tells you.
"It's okay, I love you too baby." You hang up the phone and walk to open your door.