
Hello, my name is Kat, and this is my story. A long time ago I was born... Etc etc... Effort to explain. I have these grey eyes, which everyone loved, and i have my tongue pierced. I'm about 5ft 3, Everything else is not your business, not meaning to sound rude.
But any who, I've always been the quiet girl in the class. No ones ever really noticed that I'm there. Until the bullies came along, that was year 3. I started getting bullied for having my skirt 'up too high'. I told my mum and she had ago at the girls. I had about 3/4 friends that liked me and the rest of the people in my classes hated me... Because I was 'too odd' for their liking.
I didn't mind though, at least I knew who I can trust and who I can't trust. I told these girls everything, all of my secrets and they told me all of theirs. I'm glad I had friends like that, they made me feel happy :).
I also started getting 'voices' as they call them, in my head, they would say mean things and I would disagree. But they got to me in the end... That was year 4... When I was 8 turning 9 I started to believe them. I shouldn't have other wise I wouldn't have been like this...
They would say things like 'you're ugly' and I would deny it and say "no I'm not!" Teachers thought I was going mad. As I said year 4 when they said something like 'you are so stupid, you'll never get married!' I said "that's true" but ever so quietly so the teachers didn't think the same as they did.
No one really understood all of it. No one realised that I was fighting a battle. But I never had the guts to tell my parents other wise God knows what they would have done... I always thought that if I told someone they would think I'm mental and a psychopath... So I've never told anyone about the voices.
As I was 9 I started to develop more stuff in my body, and boys would notice but never say anything. I obviously thought that it was normal, but it wasn't. No one else in my class was like me. No one else had started to develop boobs... I never felt so odd before, but now I realise that it ain't that bad to be the odd one out. But then it was. No one liked being the odd one out, however, I felt like the odd one out. I was always the odd one out.
I didn't like it. It was awkward. I was awkward. No one knew what it was like because I was the only one.