
"I'm fine." He laughed, I felt his arms wrap around me.
"I thought you were really hurt."
"I'm fine Loz honest. See I told you could do it." Brad said nodding to the slide.
"I only came down that quick because I thought you were hurt." I said letting go of him.
"I'm not okay I promise." He said smiling down at me. "What are you doing here anyway? I thought you had to go." Brad said a confused expression painted his face.
"Well my mom and dad have got to go somewhere so." I paused looking up at Brad, he was looking down at me. "I'm staying here for a couple of nights!" I shouted ecstatically.
"Are you joking?" Brad asked me.
"No!" I laughed. "I'm not kidding."
~
I lay on Brads bedroom floor a pencil in hand and maths homework out in front of me.
"I am so full." I laughed. Brad's mom was such a good cook, the trouble was her food was that good it made you full.
"Me too." Brad said stopping what he was doing to look at me. "What question are you on?" He asked me.
"Fourteen, two more to do. What about you?"
"Finished." I looked at him completely astonished.
"Like-wha-how?" I asked him completely shocked.
"It's easy." He said laughing.
"No it's not." I said laughing back, nudging his arm.
"Here, question fourteen equals 232. Fifteen is 321 and sixteen is 123." I wrote down the answers.
"Thanks."
"It's okay, I know you'd do it for me." Brad's chocolate brown eyes looked into my green ones. I turned over and lay on my back as Brad did.
"You want to know something." I said.
"What?" Brad said and turned his head to look at me again.
"I've never had a best friend like you before." I said looking up at the ceiling. "In fact I've never had a best friend." I laughed to myself.
"Me neither." Brad whispered. I turned your head back towards the ceiling. "Let's go and sleep in my tree house it's such a nice night." Brad said sitting up.
"It may be a nice night but it's cold." I said giggling.
"Yeah it is but we'll take all of the blankets and cushions come on it will be fun." Brad said standing up.
"Fine." I said sitting up and giggling. "You always find a way a round it don't you Simpson."
"That's right Taylor." He said using my surname as well. "Our start getting your things ready and I'll go and ask my mom." Brad said running out of the room. I stood up and walked to where my blanket was picking it up. I went and stood next to the door, waiting for Brad to come back up. A couple of minutes passed and I heard footsteps coming up the stairs and Brad soon appeared in front of me.
"We can!" Brad said excitement clear in his tone he ran over and grabbed his blanket and pillow as well. "It's going to be so fun. Come on." Brad said walking out of his room, me following behind him. We made it to the kitchen and was nearly at the back door when Brad's mom shouted.