
"Brad what are you doing!?" I laughed, smiling at Brad who was currently standing at the top of the slide that led into the pool that was in his back garden.
"Sliding down, what's it look like loz?"
You laughed. "Like your going to fall off." I giggled whilst walking up to the side of the pool.
"Really Loz, I'm not going to fall off, do you really think I'm going to fall off?"
"Well no..." I said looking up at him smiling, Brad smiled back down at you, all of the sudden he wobbled. "Brad!" You shouted. "Be careful, don't scare me like that!" He laughed back down at you.
"I'm not going to fall. I told you." He sat down at the top of the slide. "Three...two..." He smiled down at you. "You ready to watch this."
"Well yes I've been waiting here for the last ten minutes" I laughed.
"One!" He shouted and pushed himself off of the slide. I closed my eyes, not being able to watch. I heard the splash of water and reopened my eyes.
"Loz come on you've got to come in." Brad said lying back in the inflatable pool which was huge.
I started walking over to the pool.
"No not this way, you've got to go down the slide."
"Come on Brad you know I don't like heights." I said.
"I'll be waiting right here." he said swimming over to the bottom of the slide.
"Promise?" I said.
"Promise." Brad looked me straight in the eye.
I walked over to the steps to the slide. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. I sat at the top of the slide and looked down to the side. I closed my eyes shut.
"Brad I can't do it it's too high!" I said hanging on for dear life at the side of the slide.
"Lauren." Brad said in a strong voice. "Look at me."
"I can't Brad" you said swallowing a lump in your throat. "I'm to scared, Brad I can't."
"Lauren." Brad said steadily. "Open your eyes and look at me okay? That's the first step."
"Okay." I lifted my head up and opened my eyes, I looked directly towards Brad, no where else but Brads eyes.
"Great." Brad smiled at the bottom of the slide.
"Brad I can't do it j feel like I'm going to be sick." I felt clammy and nauseous.
"Lauren you can!" Brad smiled at me. "What have you done with Lauren because this isn't the Lauren, I remember in reception when you were scared to go on the wobbly bridge but you did it Lauren and you loved it and I'm sure you'll love this. You can do anything if you believe Lauren." I closed my eyes again thinking about when I met Brad in reception, we were now in year four and are still the best of friends.
"But Brad, I'm really scared."
"Loz look I'm right here, it's not going to hurt you I promise, I wouldn't let you do anything that would hurt you Lauren, you know that." You looked down to Brad he was smiling up at you, that cheeky, cheery smile I loved to see everyday. "If it makes you feel any better I'll catch you Loz. I promise. You won't even go under water. Just take a deep breath, look I'm right here." He held out his arms ready to catch me. I closed my eyes and pushed myself of off the slide. I felt the water hit my legs and a pair of arms catch me. I opened my eyes looking up to see Brad smiling back down at me. "see I told you I would catch you. I wouldn't let anyone hurt you not ever."