

"They have pamphlets" Clarke whispered in Wells' ear. Wells snickered as the man turned back and handed him a pamphlet.

"You can read all about the different types of love in this pamphlet."

"Thank you." Wells politely took it. "Is this going to hurt?"

"You feel a sharp pinch and it will be sore for a short period after, but it goes away quickly."

"Okay." Wells looked nervous. Clarke took his hand and smiled at him,

"It's okay, I don't even remember the pain."

"Clarke you had yours put in ten years ago." Wells reminded her, not that she needed the reminder of how long she had been searching for the One. Noticing her expression Wells squeezed her hand. "Hey it's okay. Even if I'm not your One you will still find him. I promise you that he is out there. And if I am your One then your search is over."

"Here we go." The man said as he positioned a plastic looking gun contraption over Wells' wrist. Clarke and Wells both took a breath as the man squeezed the trigger.

"Ah Damn!" Wells swore as he rubbed his wrist. Then he and Clarke both looked anxiously at it, waiting for it to kick in. After a few seconds, numbers started filling the rectangle implant.

547D 13H 23M 38S

"547 days, 13 hours and 23 minutes." Wells said breathlessly.

"A year and a half." Clarke said, trying to keep the disappointment out of her voice. In her gut she had known that Wells wasn't the one, but she hadn't been able to admit it until she saw his timer. Still, she had hoped...she always hoped.

"That's great timing. I'll be finished with school and having a wife and a family will make running for office easier. Everyone loves  a good family man." Wells was so caught up in his excitement that he didn't pick up on the slight tremor in Clarke's voice. Not that Clarke could blame him, he was getting everything she wished she could have. And following in his father's footsteps and running for office had always been a dream for Wells.

"I'm really happy for you Wells." She said, this time he looked up at her.

"Oh Clarke, I'm so sorry. I didn't even think."

"No don't worry about this. We knew this was a possibility. I really am happy for you."

"We'll find your timer evading soulmate Clarke. I know we will."

"Thank you. I'm actually just going to go. I'm going to be late for an appointment." Clarke lied as she rushed out of the room. She ignored the receptionist questions, keeping up her pace until she was out the door. As soon as her feet hit the pavement she broke into a run. Forcing the tears down she focused on her feet pounding against the ground. Tears would solve nothing. She had to remain positive. She would find her One, even if she had to personally drag every timerless available man to get a timer.