

"You're like a minute late." Clarke said with a laugh.

"Yeah, but you know that I always like to be early. So on time is late for me, and a minute late is cause for an apology." Wells said with a smile. He leaned in slightly awkwardly, looking like he was going for a hug, but at the last second changed his mind and gave her a quick peck on the lips. He leaned back and stuck his hands into his pockets. Clarke hated the tension in the air. This was the worst part. In a little while she and Wells would either have to break up or spend the rest of their lives together. There were both painfully aware that what was about to happen would change their lives forever.

"You ready?" Clarke asked

"Yeah, let's get this over with." Clarke grimaced at the resignation in his voice, knowing very well that he was only doing this for her. Wells had never gotten a timer because of his parents. They had met the old fashioned way and had been very much in love. Theirs was one of those love stories that was usually put in books and movies. Filled with longing, love, and just enough drama to make it interesting.  Wells' parents had defied the odds and ended up together. They got married and had Wells and had loved each other until the day that Wells' mother had died. Wells' father had never moved on. He refused to get a timer saying that it would just be blank because his one and only true love was gone.

Wells had worked his entire life to make his father proud of him. He had gotten it into his head that if he stayed timer free and met someone the old fashioned way like his parents he would finally achieve that life goal.

Clarke on the other hand knew that Wells' plan was a foolhardy one. His father was emotionally distant. He would never notice, let alone appreciate Wells' attempt to honor his parents. That was the only reason she could live with herself after convincing Wells to get a timer.

She knew she was being incredibly selfish, but she just had to know. She could never commit fully to Wells until she did. What if they decided to forget the timers and start a life together.
What would happen if a few years in the future her timer activated. What would happen when she met this soul mate? The life that she had with Wells would be torn apart. Clarke couldn't do that. It was better to find out now. Before she got hurt. Before Wells got hurt.

Taking Wells' hand, Clarke took a deep breath and started walking inside. The receptionist greeted her by name and with a friendly yet condescending smile. She had witnessed all of Clarke's failed attempts at finding the One. The receptionist led them into a room where they were met by a man certified to implant the timers. The man introduced himself and launched into a spiel that Clarke had almost memorized.

"So there is a fee for implantation and then there is another fee per month until you have found your soulmate. There are no refunds if you are not satisfied with the results."

"Uh...why wouldn't I be satisfied with the results?" Wells interrupted nervously.

"True love comes in different forms. It's not always love at first sight. Sometimes feelings develop over a period of time. Or sometimes it is a situation of enemies turned lovers." The man said as he turned to reach for something behind him.