
Clarke shut off her alarm clock and glanced at her arm habitually checking the timer on her inner wrist. The little device that was supposed to count down to the exact day when she would first make eye contact with her soul mate.

The only problem was: Clarke's timer was blank. Meaning that her soul mate had not gotten a timer yet. So Clarke was forced to live each day in uncertainty, wondering when her soul mate would choose to get a timer, if he ever chose to get one. Clarke wasn't sure if she could live with this uncertainty much longer. It was slowly eating away at her.

A generation ago no one had timers. They had to deal with the messiness of dating and breaking up and dating again. Divorces and cheating and heartbreak were all incredibly
common. No one ever really know if the person they were in love with was the One. Her mother had told her stories about how she had fell in love several times before she had met Clarke's father.

The whole notion of falling in love with someone that may or may not be the One seemed ridiculous to Clarke. She only dated people without timers and she made sure to convince them to get a timer before things got too serious. So far she had only faced disappointment after disappointment. At least disappointment was better than heartbreak right?

With another sigh Clarke rolled out of bed and put on a pot of coffee. She peeked into her step sister's room, not at all surprised to find it empty. With a slightly cynical laugh she pulled out her cell phone and dialed Raven's number.

After several rings Raven finally answered the phone, sound groggy as she whispered,

"Hello?"

"Well good morning sunshine."

"Jesus Clarke, what time is it?"

"It's almost 7. Do I want to know where you slept last night? Or why you are whispering?" Clarke heard rustling on the other end before Raven finally answered,

"You know why sis. So today's the big day with right?"

"Yep, I'm really nervous Rav. I mean Wells has been a friend for so long and when it turned into more I was excited. But what if he's not the one? What do I do then?"

"Hey relax, do you think Wells could be the one?"

"I...I don't know." Clarke faltered, she had no idea what love was or if what she felt for Wells was love. That's why she needed him to get a timer.

"Well at least you will know after this morning right?"

"Right. Thanks Raven. Now find your underwear and get to work." Clarke smiled when she heard Raven scoff. She knew her sister well enough to know what the rustling on the other end meant.

*****

"Hey, I'm sorry I'm late." Wells said as he jogged over to her.