
I stand at the entrance to the front door, Christian by my side carrying Theodore as we wave away the remaining guests. Boy what a day this has been. Who knew that a two-year-olds party could be so exhausting and draining. Christian looks down at me, lifting my chin so that my eyes meet his.
"You look exhausted, let's get the three of you in bed".
I emerge from the shower,feeling as fresh as a daisy, I have dried my hair and am just wrapped in my fluffy cream robe. I stop outside Ted's bedroom door and head the faint voice of Christian "I am the lorax" - our baby boy's favourite nighttime story. As I pop my head around the door Christian closes the book and stands, planting a kiss on Ted's head before coming to meet me in the hall. Enveloping me in his arms, he holds me to him, although only my pregnant belly meets him- he kisses me on the head and I take a moment to appreciate his smell- the smell of Christian, he smells like home. We walk hand in hand to the bedroom across the hall- conveniently close to Ted's bedroom to keep our minds at ease, although Christian is still too over protective.
As we enter the room, Christian pulls the cover aside and gestures for me to get in, I lay on the plump pillow and watch the floor show- Christian, taking off his shirt and jeans and slipping on some pyjama bottoms before removing his watch. The bed tilts as he comes to lay beside me. He turns to face me, his dusty grey eyes meet mine, and in this moment, I am stunned by the amount of love I have for this man. Even after three years, that feeling that I got when I first met him remains, and he really is all mine.
"Good day, Mrs Grey?" Oh I'll never get tired of hearing that.
"Fantastic day, Christian, thank you!" My eyes shine at him.
"Why are you thanking me?" He frowns at me, obviously confused by the statement.
"Just for giving me this amazing life" he smiles his shy smile.
"And I you Ana, I don't know where I would be if I hadn't met you"
"Probably still up on your piano playing sad music" I smile and he gazes down at me, his expression sincere.
"I mean it Ana, I couldn't have dreamt of a better life, me, you, ted and this little one" he spreads his fingers across my belly, he's now propped up on his elbow.
"You're everything to me, all of you are".
"Oh Christian" I reach up to him and kiss him, the kiss is heated and passionate, abruptly Christian pulls back, breaking the precious contact between us.
"Right, sleep, we have to be up for work tomorrow, turn around" I oblige, Turning round as he pulls me into his chest. He rhythmically strokes my bump as I fall into a peaceful sleep.
I awake with a start. What time is it? It's still dark. Glancing over the alarm clock I see that it is 4:53- why am I awake at this hour? Abruptly my body hurls over, shit. I'm going to be sick. Not this again. I fly to the en suite bathroom, kneeling in front of the toilet and emptying the contents of my stomach into it. Within seconds Christian is by my side, he moves my hair out of my face, holding it in a makeshift ponytail with one hand and stroking my back with the other. I can't believe that vomiting is so draining, my whole body just feels so tired and weak.
"You okay?" Christian asks softly, he sounds concerned.
I nod. My head rested on my crossed arms on top of the toilet seat. I don't have the energy to speak.