
"Do you feel like you're going to be sick again?" I shake my head.
"Come, let's get you back to bed." He pulls me up and holds me in his arms.
"Wait, let me brush my teeth".
Christian waits patiently as I do. I really do have the most caring husband. I'm so lucky. We return to the bedroom and I sit on the bed, my head in my hands.
"Wait there" Christian leaves the room. Where is he going?
Precisely three minutes later, he returns with a large glass of water.
"Drink this." I look up at him, I don't want drink I want to sleep.
"Drink. Now, Ana". I drink most of what's in the glass. I instantly feel better.
"Come, go back sleep, you don't have to be up for a few hours yet".
"Let me just go and check on Ted"
"Ana he's fine, I've just looked in on him, he's sound asleep, which is what you should be doing".
I climb back into bed and before I know it, I'm back in Christian's arms, and dreaming of my copper haired little boy, and the tiny pitter patter of pink shoes.
Chapter 2
"Mummy, mummy!" I am woken from my dreams by Ted bounding on my bed and calling me. I flutter my eyes open and beam up at him, he's showered, dressed and he's had his breakfast. He jumps down, wrapping his arms around me and kissing me on my cheek before putting his head back between my neck and shoulder.
"Good morning baby boy" I kiss his little ear as he giggles and struggles out of my hold.
"Teddy be careful with mummy remember, she's carrying your little sister". Ted abruptly sits up, putting his ear to my belly.
"Baby!" He shrieks as Christian comes to sit beside me on the bed.
"Ted, do you know what your baby sister is called?" Christian asks, excitement evident in his tone.
"Baby!" He answers, his eyes glowing.
"Your little sister is called Phoebe" Christian giggles as he responds patiently to our son.
"Beebee?" He says. Testing the word. He puts his mouth where he had previously placed his ear.
"Beebee! Beebee" he shouts. I giggle, sitting up and stroking his head.
"Right Ted, mummy needs to get up and get dressed" I say to him as Christian stands, picking Theodore up as he does.
"You're still going to work?" Christian frowns. He looks irritated. Well he clearly is. He's dressed in a crisp white shirt, grey flannel pants, and his tie loose. He's already showered by the smell of it.
"Christian of course I'm going to work" I snap.
"But you were ill this morning".
"Christian that's because I'm pregnant, I'm not disabled. I am more than capable of going to work, I feel fine now. And thankyou for getting Ted ready this morning, it was a big help".
"Anastasia, you don't have to thank me, I'm his dad, that's what dads do, but I meant what I said, I don't want you taking too much on and stressing yourself out. It's dangerous for you and the baby". I grin up at him, oh my over protective fifty. Always worrying.
"Honestly I'm fine, I'll come home if it gets too much, I love you" I reach up and kiss him and he kisses me back.