
Hey im Jaidyn Colby Messi and its the last day of summer. Its going to be awful being the new kid at a new fucking school.John Adams high school is in New York and is supposed to be one of the best schools ever and my last school was horrible.That's basically the only reason I'm going to a different one.My mom and dad thinks I should get a better education.  Let me tell you about my life and family I live with my dad but I occasionally see my mom everyday.My dad divorced my mom because she was caught with my dad's work friend doing anal.I don't blame her she was only getting back at him for screwing around with her bestfriend.But I have an 11 year old sister named Rebecca and a 21 year old brother Rj which is short for Robert Junior. I barely see him but when I do we have bro time because why not? I have absolutely no words to describe Rebecca except for she's the biggest bitch I've ever met and I hope no guy falls for her because she'll rip his heart to pieces.But damn she's a bitch.   I'm not really social but im not anti-social.I have a couple friends that a hang out with Jacob,Samantha,Ciara,and Adam.I'm gonna miss them like hell but I still text them  everyday and hang.We usually just chill at the mall or Ciara's because she has the best food and always has WiFi.My friends Ciara is the type to always say "technically"and Jacob is the one to be flirtie with all the girls including Ciara and Sam but never go for them.Then there's Sammie who is always sarcastic but she's loving amd caring and always plays around.Then there's me who is just the smart one who never likes staying home and is always trying to leave. We mostly text on kik, but I do have snapchat and facebook.   I seriously hope at this school I won't be an outcast or a loser.I wanna be popular and cool..I mean who wouldn't? Good thing we already went school shopping, I just need hope that I can find my classroom without getting lost.At this school it starts at 8a.m at my old school it started at 7a.m.Atleast I get an extra hour of sleep!BzzzzzzzzzzzzzBzzzzzzzzzbzzzI check my phone and see its a text from Ciara.Ciara:Wanna join group chat on kik with Jacob and Sammie?Me:Yea add me inCiara:kk You've been added to a chatCiara:Heyyy everyoneJacob:What's up babe?Sammie:HiiiiiMe:Hey guysCiara:Nothing you?Jacob:Nothing bored asf Sammie:Jaidyn kik me now!Me:Okay geez must be importantSammie:It is!!   *Leaves Group Chat*I get off kik and goes to messaging.Sammie:Omgggg guess what?!?!Me:What?Sammie:I know someone who likes youuuuuMe:Fr?WhoSammie:This girl named Brooke Me:Oh do I know her?  Sammie:Don't think soMe:Well then idk can i meet her?Sammie:She's really shy.So I'm not sure of she wants to meet or notMe:Oh...ok then?Sammie:Well that's all.Byeee bestfriendMe:See ya Sammie That was the end of our convo, after that I tried to take a nap but I couldn't so I just put on roger rabbit by Sleeping With Sirens and blasted it till I fell asleep.I woke up by a pounding on my door I tried to block ot out but of course it didn't work"JAIDYN OPEN THIS DOOR!"Rebecca yelled."Come in come in" I mumbled.She opened the door almost knocking it down."You need to get up!"she said shaking me."Why???"I questioned."Because you need to help me get the cereal of the top shelf...."she pleaded."No..ask dad"I argued trying to go  back to sleep."Because he's at the grocery store."she mentioned. "FINEE!!!!"I yelled I got up and pushed her out the way.I walked downstairs and got the cereal from the shelve and slamed it down on the counter.My sister was just staring it at me..."What?!?!"I remarked."Why are you so mad? I just asked for cereal"she said tearing up ready to cry."Sorry...I just never get sleep anymore beck you know I wouldn't be this mad cause you asked me for cereal.."I apologized walking towards her."Its okay Jay"She accepted hugging him.He just hugged back then nuggied causing her to softly punch him in the gut.She got her cereal and my dad came back a couple minutes later. I got my bag ready for tomorrow and went back to sleep.
