
I woke up with her name in my mouth for a third night in a row. Tris. It has been four years since she passed, yet my memories of her have been getting more and more vivid and terrifying. For three nights, I have had nightmares, of having watch her die, choking up blood, calling my name, crying for help, and all I could do was watch. A small figure spears in the door. "Is everything okay, Tobias? You scarred the hell out of me!" Cristina whispers. "No. everything is okay. What time is it?" Is ask. "Almost six. Why?" I cringe at the number. That would have been her nickname, if the factions were still intact. I get up. "I'm going for a walk. To clear my mind." I say as I slip on a jacket and a pair of jeans. "Well, I'm going back to bed. And don't wake me up until at least ten." she says, and promptly walks back to her apartment.
〉十〈
The crisp winter air is cold in my face. Her image clouds my mind. These nightmares are worse than my fear landscape, and that is hard to beat. I absentmindedly wave to a post dauntless girl who walks by. I can tell because of the flame tattooed on her neck, and her pierced eyebrows and nose. My body aches with every motion, because of the recent lack of sleep. I try to clog my thinking by going somewhere familiar. On instinct I start for the berau compound, but I stop in my tracks. That's where she died saving her traitor for a brother. I turn around and start toward the dauntless headquarters. I think again; that's where I met her. I immediately turn away from the Ferris wheel. Then the erudite headquarters. But no, I almost lost her there. Everywhere reminds me of her. I feel tears swelling up in my eyes, but quickly blink them away. I can't help but think of all we had, before she left me. I am about to scream in frustration, so I run to the fields beyond the ruins of the wall. my screams and sobs fill the air. I curse to myself under my breath, for thinking for one second that any of this was her fault. I sink to my knees, and put my tear stained face in my hands. "It should have been Caleb!" I scream into the empty air. I feel a hand on my back, small, careful, and soft. Like tris. I turn around, and see her standing there, smiling. I blink and she is gone. It was a hallucination. I quietly turn back to the comfort of my hands.
〉十〈
I lay sprawled out on the grass, the sun just barley peeking over the horizon. It has been about an hour since I calmed down ; I spent the whole time thinking. I know the only way to see her again. I finally sit up, and see a piece of broken glass from the wall. I walk over and pick it up. It is cool in my bare hands, worn with years of neglect, but still sharp enough to pierce skin. I raise it up to my throat, and whisper, "I'm coming, Tris." Then press the shard against my neck, and- "Dammit, Tobias, don't you do what I think you're about to do! Christina. I turn around, and she is standing there, holding a gun in my general direction. "This is the third time this month you've tried suicide, and the third time one of us has talked you out of it! Do you really think tris would want that?" She is breathing heavily, a bead of sweat rolling down her forehead. "Drop the glass. drop it, or I'll shoot." I release, and hear it hit the ground. Christina lowers her gun. "How did you know I was here?" I ask. "You were screaming. Again." In silence, we both walk back to the apartments.