
Caleb wakes me up early in the morning, around 6am."Beatrice, the trucks loaded, we gotta go in about an hour." He says."Thanks Caleb." I say, whipping the sleep from my eyes.I text Lucy
Hey-BHeyo! How you feeling-LLittle bit sad for leaving-BYou're gonna do just fine-LI know I'm just gonna miss you-BAwh Bea, don't make me cry-LGtg, they're taking all my furniture in the van-BIt's all happening so quick! Don't forget me! And remember to give me update everyday!!!!-LWhy would I ever forget my bestfriend? I'll update you as much as possible! Talk later x- BAlright have fun! -LWill do! X -B
I put my phone in my pocket and go into the bathroom to shower. I get out 15 minutes later and dry my dripping wet hair with my hair dryer and pack it into my suitcase. I get dressed into a Blue and white ombré top and some leggings and throw on my purple vans.I pack my suitcases up and mum takes them downstairs. I kiss my door and say goodbye to the home I've had since I was born, then hop into the truck.
The journey is long and tiring, I fall asleep half way through. Then we arrive. The house is a beautiful wood cladding on the outside that is painted light blue. There are steps up to the front door. I smile and hop out of the van. I smile. Mum tells me that there is a family next door. I hope they're nice, I could do with some friends here. There's a tree in-between two of the windows of the neighbours house and ours. -time lapse-
It's two days later, we've fully settled in and the family next door are really nice. It's a man and a son. The son happens to be quite cute actually. His name is Tobias.
I sit in my bedroom in the morning at about 8 o'clock, Tobias knocks on my window, smiling. I open the window.
"Hey." He says"Hey!" I say"How are you?" He says, sitting on the bed next to me."I'm alright, what about you?" I ask"I'm..." He pauses "Yeah I'm fine." "You sure?" I ask, placing a hand on his back."It's just-" he pauses again. "No-it's nothing.""Tobias-" "I'll see you at school." He says and places a kiss on my check, I blush.