
Loki sat in the hospital wing with his hands clasped in his lap. He tapped his foot impatiently as he waited for the results of Sweet Aceleve. While Loki cried in agony, someone witnessed aceleve's suicide and called for Thor who dove to rescue her. It was a race against time before the calm black waters completely drowned her lungs. The doctors in asguard are doing everything they can with the technology they have to rescue her but Loki fears it could be too late. He curses himself for not thinking of the possibility she could live. All he felt was the selfish sadness that was in his heart. "Price Loki" a tentative nurse said, gesturing him to follow her into the next room. Loki's breath hitched in his throat has he saw the still dripping wet of his wife laying on the steel table. He looked at the doctor with hope in his eyes "She's in a coma, the lack of oxygen in her brain has shut off communications from the body to the brain so we're going to do everything we can to wake her" the doctor told Loki. He sighed in relief and joyous tears sprang to his eyes"Prince, did you know she was pregnant?" The doctor asked seriously. Loki paused and stared at Aceleve's stomach in shock. "A little prince or princess is growing inside of my wife, I am going to be a father, to a human being. The child will be half God half mortal, impossible" Loki thought to himself. Loki's jaw went slack as he stared at the rise and fall of her miraculously breathing chest. "Are you sure? Is the child still alive?" Loki asked in a rush "Yes, the child is alive and healthy, it is to early to know the sex but we were able to take a relatively clear picture of the child" the doctor said, he reached to a desk behind him and pulled out a black and white picture of a tiny human being, Loki is barely able to tell where the head of the child is. "Because the child is half God half human, the growth speed will almost triple that of a human child, there is a big possibility her body won't survive the birth""But she's also a joten" Loki argued"Yes, but only in mind and power, her body is still that of a humans""But she has the healing power like mine""The child will continue to break her bones and body and the restoration won't be able to keep up, or the restoration will take all of her mind concentration and power that it will kill her anyway" The doctor said with sadness in his voice. "That can't happen. What can I do?" Loki begged"Right now, nothing. The machine will keep her alive until the child is fully developed. Then we will either have a C-section operation or Aceleve will be able to wake before then. We're hoping Aceleve will be awake for the birth of her child" the doctor said. Loki sighed and clenched his jaw together. He nodded and walked out the room, heading towards the library. He needs to find out more about the cheen connection, he felt it be destroyed. Even if her brain is asleep at the moment he should still be able to feel her pain. He walked down row after row of books until he came across the one he needed. Loki found a empty table and placed the book down. He searched and read every page without any luck. "Fuck" he whispered. He slammed the book closed and left it on the table. His boots stomped the polished floors as he walked to the bifrost. Odin had forbidden the use of the Bifrost because of the mysterious death of Roy, but that wasn't going to stop Loki, he needed to speak with the jotens. Because of Aceleve's false death Loki never went through with the New York destruction plan, he called everything off and returned the tesseract to its pedestal for the time being. He still plans to be ruler, he just wants his queen at his side.  "Evening prince Loki" Heimall greeted him. Loki didn't reply and gave him a ugly sneer, loki still blames heimdall for the horrific accident that happened to Aceleve and Roy. But he is still the gatekeeper, so Loki still has to see him. "To jotenheim please" Loki asked as politely as possible"I'm sorry prince but no, king Odin had prohibited any traveling to other realms" Loki glared at him from the corner of his eye"Do it now" Loki commanded. "No. King Odin's command comes before yours" heimdall said with authority in his voice. Loki growled and scrunched his pale nose in anger. He didn't reply and stormed out of the giant room. "I will find who did this Aceleve, I promise" Loki vowed again, he walked across the rainbow bridge, anxious to get to Thor.
Hey guys omg first chapter!!!!!!!!!! Ahhhh!!! So if you haven't read the first book don't read this one! You will be so confused. Instead go to my page and read it! Anyways have a good day and dont forget to vote and to get my sequal out to the world! Allons-y and stay fantastic! :)