
"Only two hours left until I meet my soul mate." Dean thought while he was showering. He barely slept that night, staying up and wondering what his soul mate would look like. Dean didn't know what to expect. A girl or maybe a boy? What would his parents say if it was a boy? Dean knew he was bisexual for a while now, he just hasn't told his parents yet. However, he did tell his little brother Sam. Dean knew Sam wouldn't judge him. Sam was very open minded. God he loves his little brother.
Dean got out of the shower and looked at his wrist. One hour, forty-five minutes and two seconds left. He dried himself of. "Should I try to dress a bit nicer today?" He thought. He eventually went with jeans, a dark t-shirt, a plaid shirt and the samulet his brother gave him. After that he put on his boots and walked downstairs.
Dean could already smell the breakfast his mom, Mary, made him. He walked into the kitchen and said "good morning Sammy!" to Sam. "Good morning Dean and it's Sam not Sammy." Sam replied. "Sure Sammy." Dean said. "Good morning Dean, how did you sleep?" his mom asked. Dean loved his mom to death. He could always talk to her about everything. "Not very good, mom" he said. "I'm nervous." Mary smiled softly and said "It will be fine Dean, don't worry." I hope she's right.
After I ate my breakfast I walked outside to my black '67 Chevy Impala. My dad gave me the car when I turned 16 and I love her. I stepped into the car and Sammy sat next to me. I turned on the radio and ACDC was on. Sam reached out to change the channel but I slapped his hand away. "What have I told you Sam? Driver picks the music and-" I said when Sam interrupted me. "Shotgun shuts his cakehole, yeah I get it Dean." Said Sam when he gave me his best bitchface.
The ride was quiet and when I parked baby on the parking lot, Sam quickly got out and almost ran to school, shouting something about going to the library before school starts. "Such a nerd." I say under my breath. There is no point in waiting so I stepped out and started to walked to school.
I looked at my wrist. One hour and seventeen minutes left. I already was nervous but looking at the little clock just made it worse. I was starting to feel sick to my stomach and I think I was about to puke butterflies. While walking further I was trying to calm myself down. It wont be that bad. Mom and dad found each other at high school, also in their senior year. They were happy, so perhaps I would be too.
I walked into the school and towards my locker. There weren't many people around yet, just a few. I grabbed my books out of my locker and the first bell rung. I slowly walked to my first class, science. I walked into the room and sat down on my seat. Fifty-nine minutes and thirty-six seconds left.
I couldn't even hear what Mrs Masters was saying. I couldn't focus and kept looking at my wrist. Silently counting down with the seconds that were displayed. I got more nervous with the second, knowing that I would meet my soul mate next period.
The bell rung and we were dismissed. We had a ten minute break between each class so I went to the toilets and splashed some water on my face. "It'll be alright Dean, you can do this! There is nothing to worry about." After a few minutes of calming myself down I turned of the tap and looked at my wrist one last time. Two minutes and twelfe seconds left.
I got out of the toilets and walked to my next class, english. I walked in the room and looked around. They say you should feel something when you meet your soul mate for the first time. This feeling will tell you who it is. But it didn't matter who I looked at. I just didn't feel anything. Maybe my clock is broken. I started to panic. I looked at my wrist and there were still twenty-seven seconds left. So I just walked to my seat and sat down. "Welcome everybody, I'm Mrs Mills and I will be your English teacher this-" Mrs Mills said when suddenly a scrawny boy with black hair runs in.
"I'm sorry I'm late. I'm new here and I couldn't figure out where the class was. " the new kid said. "That's fine take a seat next to him." She pointed at the empty chair next to me. The kid looked up at me and it seemed like the world stopped. His eyes were the bluest eyes I have ever seen and god he was cute. That was the moment I realized he was my soul mate. I looked at my wrist just to check and it counted down to zero.