
*Kandi in MM*Kandi P.O.VHey it's the most beautiful girl around... LOL just kidding!!! It's Kandi. I'm 17 years old. And I go to Sedgehill in Bromley. My birthday is the 3rd of August. I'm Leo yay!!! Just like Cara Delevingne. My parents was out of England doing business when I was about to be born. I was unexpected. I was born Dallas and we moved back to Europe when I was four. My BFFL is Shaun. He's my gay nigga. He's so funny whenever I see him I'm in stitches. I'm in this really awesome clique called Bad Bitch University and it consists of my friends Versace, Chyna, Dinah, Avery, Lauren, Hennessy (A.K.A Henny.) and Hayley. I got crush on this boy called Sexy. Yes that's the name on his birth certificate. He also has an identical twin called Handsome but anyway. He always comforts me when I'm sad, watches Pretty Little Liars with me and makes the best brownies! I love him to pieces. He means the world to me. I know y'all probably wanna know my ethnicity and my looks and stuff so I'll tell you that now. I'm 4'8 (I know I'm short.) I have Hazel eyes, caramel skin, short Frozen Raspberry coloured hair. I have really deep dimples. I got pink plump juicy lips that make the boys go crazy. I'm like really thick. Like the thickest in my whole school minus that hoe Paris who got silicone injected into her once flat ass. If I must say I'm the prettiest girl in my school. But anyway my mom is part Chinese part American and my dad is Jamaican Puerto Rican Mexican and Spanish but you'd never know. I have 5 sisters and 3 three brothers. My sisters are called Karis, Caramel, Taylor, Kamri and Princess and my brothers are called King, Daxton and Leroy. My mom is called Honey and my dad is called Ivan but everyone calls him Five and I don't know why. My idol is Nicki Minaj, I wanna meet her so bad!!! I love Fifth Harmony, my favourite is Lauren. Kylie Jenner is my Fashion Icon. Pia Mia is my favourite singer. Nene is my favourite Housewife. My favourite colour is Pink. My fave Kardashian is Khloé. I wanna be a supermodel and I love Unicorns.