
Meghan's POV
first day of class was so hagard and now i want to eat! i grabbed my bag and went to lunch. i saw emmy and ashlee and i invited them to sit with me and eat lunch.
"Emmy! Ashlee!"i shouted and they look confused on where is the voice coming from tjen finally they found me.
"OMG! emmy is that meghan over there?" ashlee asks emmy with a happy voice
"yup. she is! thats our mallows! Emmy added.
"oh you Guys, nice to finally see you here. im kinda lonely so would you mind joining me for lunch"
" well i dont heve money" ashlee said it with a sad expression and looks down same with emmy!
"dont worry its my treat!" we all smiled and laugh together.
"sooooo. how is life guys?!" i ask them sincerely with a little smirk in the face.
"its kinda shitty fuck but life goes on! but change topic, i saw charlie earlier this morning" ashlee said that like shes bragging about it because she knows i got i huge crush on him while she is playing with her fork and the pizza!.
"wait!? what?!?, so charlie is studying with us in the same school?" i asked her in a loud voice that i was so happy!
"shut up meghan" emmy said annoyingly
i cant believe it, im so happy and i think im feeling nervous, what face should i show him if theres a chance i meet him today? omg! i cant stop thinking about him. i was inspired by him thats why i wrote him a song called dear future husband but he'll never know that i wrote that for him, you know the feeling that you want to marry and kiss your best friend? that what i feel everytime i see him.
"Holy cow! Emmy! Ashlee! i think charlie was the guy---"
meghan didnt finished her sentence when ashlees' phone rang.
"hold up meg. just a sec!" ashlee pleaded
*Sr.David calling*
"hello? sir?" ashlee said it in a vibrating voice like she is nervous.
"where are you and emmy? i need you to subbmit your paper works now. understood? the guy in the phone replied.
"okay sir, we are on our way" ashlee hung up with an unwanted face and she was like "hell no not now old man!"
"sorry meg! we have to subbmit our works.catch you later toodles! muwah" ashlee said while standing up.
" so sorry meg, but you'll pay for this right? emmy asks me politely and i said
" yeah!sure just go " i replied.
they left me with their sweetest smile and called the waiter to hand me the chit...
" that would be $43 miss"the waiter said.
i looked in my bag and i noticed that my wallet is missing.
"just give me a sec"i said it worriedly, where will i get some money in this kind of situation? grrr!
"okay miss, ill come back later"
Charlie's POV
what meghan doesnt know is that i payed her bill because i was also eating there.
it looks like she is crying because she layed down her head in the table and i kinda hear loud sobs over here. i signaled the waiter to come over and i told him that i will be paying the beautiful lady's bill.the waiter came close to meghan.