
Meghan's POV
*ring ring ring*
"omg! its Emmy!"
meghan picked up the phone nervously because Emmy was calling her and its 3 am.
"wtf! Emmy, its 3 in the morning!what do you want?!" Meghan said in an angry voice.
"meg? i cant sleep"
emmy is crying.
"i dreamed about you and charlie not being together."
when emmy said that! i got confused, why would she cry over me and charlie not being together? i have loved charlie since the day i met him. he is sweet, charming, has alot of appeal and what i will never ever for get about him is that he always treats like a lady he's my best friend.
"im so sorry i almost got angry, its ok, if we are not meant to be, then we are not. stop crying okay? im here for you! do you want me to come over?"
"no thanks! just go to sleep because tomorrow is our first day at college. see you tomorrow mallows!"
" ok bye! take care! love you!"
i call my best friends mallows. im really excited for tomorrow, im wondering where is charlie going to study in college. i havent seen him since he transfered in another school at 10th grade and i miss to cuddle him so much! if i saw him, i would ask many different questions.you know what? im still hoping that charlie could notice what i really feel for him and i am madly deeply in love with my puther.
***First day of school***
classes starts at 8:30 and im kinda rushing because i just woke up and im really sleepy and wtfh! I cant be late for the first day of school! i should be more responsible now! its 36 minutes before class starts, i took a bath in 15 mins. i wore a black pencil skirt, black top and white blazer and put them shades on.
im running and running and running until i bumped into someone but i didnt look back and didnt said sorry because i was in a hurry!
boom!
"ouch! jeez! watch where your going missy!" a familar voice stood up but i didnt see his face because i was picking up my dropped books.
"im late!" i said that while catching my breathe!
Charlie's POV
"ouch!jeez! watch where your going missy" i said that to the girl i bumped into but i think she was in a hurry so i disnt have time to help her in picking up her dropped books.
"im late" when she spoke, i kind of recognize that voice that i've known a long time ago but it was too sad because she ran off.
i shouted "hey miss! you dropped your wallet!" i said that in a decreasing tone of my voice, i saw her back and i really think i know her. i tried to chase her but it was too late.
i kept the wallet in my bag and went to first period of class. i was so curious about the girl in the shades! so i tried to open her wallet, ther was money and pictures of me! "is she a stalker of mine?" then saw a picture of her when she was younger maybe at 10th grade then i realized... ... ... ... its meghan trainor, my eyes got wide open and my jaw drops and i cant believe it that im studying at the same school with my...uhmmm? true love i guess? Meghan is beautiful,i really felt sad when i left her at 10th grade, she was always bullied and i promised her from the day that we became best friends, she will never ever be insecure of others and she will be confident of herself. there was not a day that i was not thinking about her, i missed her so much and i just want to cuddle her, take care of her, cherish her and love her for the rest of my life. i dont want her looking scared. i love to kiss her!.