
You unpack your last box eagerly to get it done. You lay on the bed half on half off, daring to move anymore. You yawn and realize its only 11 am. You groan and get in the shower. Brush your teeth and get dressed. You get your jar of starbucks out of the fridge and gulp it down hoping for energy. You get up to get some fresh air. Opening the door you step forward almost stepping on a small box. You pick it up seeing a logo and cupcakes inside. "Lil miss Fuffet cupcake shop" you giggle at the childlike name. Opening it up you see a pink envelope with a note inside."Hello there an welcome to New York! We hope you stop by our shop someday! We are known for our freshly made cupcakes and warm coffees, we are in need of workers as well. If you would like to accomodate us, fill out the form in the envelope and return to Lil Miss Fuffets cupcake shop on west shore drive. We hope you enjoy the cupcakes! And we hope to see you soon!"-lil miss fuffetYou consider the offer. You would need a job if you were to fuffill your dreams of becoming an actress. That was the reason you came to New York. You take a bite of a red velvet cupcake with vanilla frosting and red sprinkles. Delicious. You walk out the door and breathe in the busy air. Ahhhh. New York. You can easily see west shore drive. It is a big sign and its across the street from your house. You walk down the crowded streets and arrive in front of lil miss fuffets shop. You can see cupcake sets in the windows, and they are beutiful. You walk through breathing in the warm, sweet air. "Hi! How may i help you today?" Some blonde chick asks. "I just got this invintation to come and-""Oh you must be Y/N!" "Yea...i was just coming to-""Right this way""I didnt even fill out the form i just had some questions on-""Lil miss fuffet is in her office at the moment, take a seat here and she will be with you" things just got weird fast. You felt like you were a child. "Lil miss fuffet will see you in a second?" What the actual heck. You felt uncomfortable. Just then the door opened.