
Copyright. All Rights Reserved. Hope you enjoy.
On April 20, 1997, I was born. Dear little Renee Alexander Cooper. I was nothing special from the start. In this world, some people believe that life is a ball of delight and happiness and everything is just going to come to you: family, money, and love. That's just not true.
Two days after I was born, my parents left me on the steps of the Madison Adoption Home for Girls in the middle of the night without a note or anything. Not even caring that one day I was going to grow up and want to know who my birth parents really are.
It took a while but somebody finally found me. Well, heard me more like it. After that day, my life was set. Set on a path of loneliness and disapprove by everybody.
People think that being a baby makes you easier to be adopted. That's not true either.
When I was 2, I was adopted by the lovely lady named Lily Davidson. You may think that my life would be perfect but no. I wasn't even adopted for 15 minutes when a Ford truck crashed us head on killing her instantly. Nobody in her family wanted me. Not even her husband. I was alone once again.
Through my childhood, I saw my friends being adopted left and right. Nobody wanted me. Some people thought I was the devil. Some thought I was cursed. Whatever it was, I never want that to happen.
Life soon took a harder turn. School. School was my only get away and that turned into hell. I was constantly bullied. Bullied because of my hair, clothes, and actions. The teachers didn't care. One day in 4th grade I meet this guy named Ash Taylor and he stood up for me. After that day, things got weird. Nobody bullied me. The people that hurted me what to be my friends out of the blue. The teachers commented me and my friends told me I was special. Ash never talked to me after that and always kept him distance.
In the 8th grade, he left the school. Nobody knew why, he just left without saying goodbye. Starting high school, things got weirder. Everybody stopped talking to me. It was like their lives was on pause. A few days after that incident, everybody turned on me. The teachers, students, and even my friends. It was like they were being controlled to do that. My life at school turned into a nightmare.
Now, its my senior year. Great. You might think it's the best year but no. Super stressful. College. The one main point in life that makes you somebody. I wasn't never going to get there. Didn't have the money. My care taker told me later that day, I had 3 weeks to pack up and move out. Now, I was going to be homeless. Little Renee Alexander Cooper was gone. Now, I had to do something. Anything. And that's when I saw him.