
I was walking to the playground with my best friend Maiyaa. I loved Maiyaa too bits ( as a sister not in any other way). She was always there for me no matter what and I loved her for that! As I was saying we were walking into the playground and from a distance I could see two boys walking out of the playground. They drawed closer and closer... IT WAS HIM!!! AIDEN AND HIS FRIEND!
They just walked pass us. Curious as ever, I turned around thinking they wouldn't catch me, he turned around as well! I was starstrucked all I could think was.. Why is he turning around? DOES THIS MEAN HE LIKES ME? But I was a bit too happy so I decided to have a spazz attack all over the playground. It's this tingly feeling inside. Your crush automatically makes you go hot. I tell you this, do you want to know how to really know if you like someone? I guess you want to know! Touch your forehead and feel the temperature whenever your around that one person. Then when your around someone else do the same and you'll see if you really like him.
But you know something. When you have a crush you feel so loved and happy so many emotions rush pass you! I really felt that way it's diffrent you know something to enjoy!!!
The next day Maiyaa was ill so I was walking to the playground and I catched up with some of my other friends. "Aleena Aleena turn around." And their he was before me so I quickly turned around shy as ever. The only words I could hear were "She's just a friend".
Yeah right. A friend! But even those words made me happy. I went home early that day as we finished school at 2. I was walking home slowly thinking about everything. When I say everything I MEAN EVERYTHING! My background was good I guess, my dad and grandad worked a family business and owned quite a few houses. While I had my mum my grandma and my sister and two brothers at home. We all loved and sang whenever we got the chance to but my family is teared up. My dad has 4 sisters 2 have departed themselves from our family. Honestly right now I'm so used to never seeing them I don't really care! But deep down it hurts to have such a broken family. Now my grandma and my mum are not best friends at all. They're very similar which makes them the way they are. They can't stand eachother at all! My mum endures it but my grandma on the other hand has to create a problem one way or another. This is what I have to deal with everyday it's one small part compared to everything else that's collapsed in our family.
I think that's why I really loved him. It sounds selfish but in a way whenever I was upset or depressed I'd think of him and say you'll be here.