
"Skylar come on we're gonna be late," my brother Harry shouted from the living room. Today we were heading back to Hogwarts. It was out 5th year and I was excited to see my friends again. Unlike Harry, I loved to pull pranks and joke around. "I'm coming, jeez stop bugging me." I shouted back at him. I could practically feel him rolling his eyes so hard that they were gonna pop out of his skull. Without saying another word I jumped into the car with Harry following. As soon as we got in Uncle Vernon started the car and we headed off to Kings Cross. I was so excited I saw my hair turning bright yellow. Most people knew I was a metamophamagus but my Aunt and Uncle didn't even acknowledge it. We arrived at Kings Cross and I immediately jumped out of the car and got my trunk running as fast as possible and ran through the barrier not taking a second to say goodbye. I was looking around for Fred, George, and Lee when I ran into the arrogant git called Malfoy. To be honest yeah he was good looking but I've seen better. "Watch where you're going freak," he says it almost as if it's just a reflex. "Whatever, Lucius." I called him by his middle name since it seemed to bother him so much to be called the same name as his father. At the sound of his name he flinched and turned away, leaving me there to continue looking for my friends. I gave up just before I heard someone calling my name. I turned around just in time to see Fred and George running towards me in slow motion. They did this every single year and we always failed. I began my slow run towards them and all of the sudden I fell backwards as Fred ran into me and we fell. When I analyzed the situation we were in I realized that he was on top of me and his face was extremely close. I could feel my hair turning pink and a blush forming on my cheeks. "Awww, look Georgy she's blushing," Fred said and to be honest he was so annoying. "Shadup," I said angrily as I pushed him off me and flipped off the ground to show off. Then stalked off into the train putting my trunk in the compartment and closing the door before sitting down and taking out my WizPhone. A couple years back me and Fred worked to create phones that worked in and out of Hogwarts. I put my earbuds in and played my music which included Green Day, Panic! At the Disco, My Chemical Romance, and Fall Out Boy. I must've fallen asleep because I woke up to someone tapping me and calling, "Sky, it's time to wake up we're almost there." There was only one person who called me that.....