
Abigail Marie Chase rests her head back on the seat as Derek drove down the road. She held Derek's hand tightly, closing her eyes.
She has four children. Gwen and Garrett Chase were twins, both five. Gwen suffers from anxiety as Garrett suffers from ADHD. Luke and Leslie were the other set of twins, they're both four. Luke suffers from social anxiety and Leslie suffers from Insomnia and an eating disorder where she refuses to eat anything.
"Abby," Derek says, causing Abigail to open her eyes and look at her husband. He wore a blue Superman shirt with his brown hair growing longer and his green eyes full of concern. "Are you okay? You look kind of miserable,"
"I'm fine Derek," Abigail lies, turning her head to look out the window. She stares at her reflection with her brown hair covering her shoulders and my blue eyes looked almost bloodshot red.
"D-Daddy..." Gwen stammers from the backseat. "You're going t-too fast, what if w-we crash?"
"I'm going the speed limit, Gwen, it's okay," Derek sighs, continuing to drive down the road.
"Where are we going again? There won't be a lot of people, will there?" Luke blurts out.
"No, Luke," Abigail sighs, rubbing her thumb on Derek's hand.
"Then where are we going?" Garrett perks his head up, trying to look up at Derek in the mirror.
Leslie was staring out the window, her blue eyes bloodshot red and droopy. Her stomach roared in hunger again, causing her to wrap her arms around her stomach.
I'm hungry she thinks to herself. Leslie retches forward for a sandwich in their picnic basket as a thought enters her mind. What if I'll get in trouble? What if he comes back for me?
Leslie retched her hand back, sighing and leaning her head back on her seat. She retched out for Luke's hand, searching to hold it. Luke looks down at her searching sister's hand and grabs it, lacing his fingers through hers.
Leslie leaned her head on Luke's shoulder, closing her eyes. He lifted up his hand and runs his pale, little fingers through Leslie's brown hair.
"Abigail," Derek suddenly says, looking over at her for a moment before turning back to the road. "Your phone's ringing,"
"It is?" Abigail looks down at her phone and Zeke's contact was showing. She clicks the green answer button and puts the phone to her ear.
"Abigail speaking," She sighs, staring back out the window.
"Where are you?" Zeke's frustrated voice says over the phone.
"We're still on our way, Zeke,"
"I've been here for ten-"
"You don't have five kids,"
"You're pregnant?"
"Hell no Zeke! Have you met Derek?"
"Hey!" Derek interrupts next to me.
"How much longer are you going to be? This was your idea and I got here before you,"
"You also can't drive and get stopped by red lights on a bike, so be patient,"
Abigail could hear Zeke sigh on the other line. "Alright, love you,"
"Love you too, Zeke,"
Abigail hung up the phone and runs her fingers through her hair.
"We get to finally meet our aunt and uncle?" Luke asks, lifting his head up from the floor.
"Yeah, Luke, you'll meet Aunt Amelia and Uncle Austin, won't that be fun?"
"I've met them," Garrett smiles.
"Their grave-" Gwen begins but Garrett quickly covers her mouth.
Leslie and Luke exchange confused looks before glancing up at Abigail.
"Are they dead?" Luke suddenly asks, lifting his head up to Abigail.
"Nice going Gwen," Derek sighs, parking the car.
Gwen lowers her head, folding her hands together. Abigail opens the door and steps out of the car, picking up Luke and Leslie in her arms.
"Welcome to Terrence Cemetery," Abigail says softly. "Where Amelia and Austin are buried,"