
Keke P.O.V
My name is Laura Palmer but people call me Keke. I live in down town New Orleans and I'm 17 years old . Life isn't too good for me right now. I have 3 little sisters  Latoya she's 10  Samantha she's 7 and lastly there's Emily who's 6. Both of my parents are sick and its hard for them to work. But don't get them wrong they would die trying to scarpe up some change to feed our family.Me as the oldest of 4 children I feel like I should set an example for them I get straight A's wear appropriate clothing and stay to myself. When I get older and have children I want them to have the world I don't want them to suffer like I did. Like going a day without eating food, having no lights, sleeping in a van and use the same clothes for the next school year. That's why I try my hardest in school to actually becoming something. People at my school sometimes bully me because I don't wear tight revealing clothing and always raise my hand to answer a question. They might think I'm just a nerd now but watch there going to be asking this "nerd" to spare change. I have one friend at school and that's August Alsina. We really understand each other. I could really say he's my best friend because he's been there for me when me and my family's lights were off he turned them on. I didn't ask him to turn them on I guess he's someone outside of my family that actually cares about me
August P.O.V
Was poppin I'm August Alsina im 17 from Nola ,just a yungin' trying to make a way by selling dope. Life outchea in New Orleans is rough every body broke. Unless your a drug dealer or stripper you can't make a way. My best friend Keke always tells me to stop selling dope and follow my dreams and other shit. But she just doesn't understand that's not for me. Imma thug what I look like going around singing? Mama Shelia and MellyB (R.I.P) always told me that me and Keke would end up together and have big head babies running around. But me and keke, nah where too different don't get me wrong she's fine under them glasses and baggie clothes damn. I remember when I invited her to my pool party I thought she was a whole different person! She had curves, curly wet hair from the pool ,and a lil booty. People always seem to pick on her because they never seen her under the glasses and baggy clothes but if they did she could get any nigga she wanted ya heard meh! I know her and her family struggling right now and I try my best to help her to see her smile again.