
"Good luck." My mother called after me. I went into the airport all by myself. I'm not even 16 yet, just a lonely 15 year old with no friends. Music is my friend.
I checked in. Security felt like forever. I laced up my British Flag converse. I walked over to make sure my flight was on time.
London. 6:30 am. I smile at the fact I'm leaving the U.S. finally. I walk to my gate and sit and wait with my leather backpack next me for carry on. I take out my phone and download Mika's new album that came out today. No Place In Heaven. I was so excited.
Each class was called. Once my class was called I boarded the plane, making sure to touch it for "good luck". I sit in my window seat next to a couple who seemed way to much in love. Eww.
The plane took off and it hit me. Finally, I'll see my dreams soon enough. I guess I need to tell you why I'm getting to go to London. Music is the only thing I love. I've decided to study music for the rest of my life. Two years ago I applied for a music school. A Music and Fine Arts Academy. You have to apply two years in advanced. A month ago I found out I made it. Here I am off to London.
"You may now turn on your electronic devices." The captain spoke. I took out my phone and ear buds. I quickly started to play "Talk About You" the first song on Mika's new album. I loved the song. I've been waiting two years for this new album, why would I not like it?
I quickly fell asleep though. Sadly I missed out on really focusing on the songs, then again I have lots of time to listen to it before schooling starts.
The plane landed at 10:00 pm. I got a taxi to a hotel. The room was already booked for me in advance, so really all I had to do was sleep. Unfortunately I wasn't tired because sleeping on the plane. I listened to a few more songs on the album as I read the lyrics. Fresh and new lyrics to live by.
It was getting late, so I forced myself to sleep. I haven't gotten to really see London yet. I decided to do all the touristy things the next day. I made a list on what I would need to do. All my money has already been traded out into UK currency. Life in London maybe simple.