
Ava POV
We go to the same school we have never looked in each other's direction. he's in some of my classes so I know a little bit about him.
He's so punk rock but in a sort of cute adorable way. he sits behind me with his friends in history. he's in a band with his friends they play really good music i can hear it from my house because Michael's house is next door to mine.
No I cant think this I will just act a idiot when I'm around him if I think like that.
He could probably get any girl he wanted but he doesn't want any girl, he doesn't see all the girls drowning over him and his friends. I have talk to Luke (one of his friends) we are lab partners in MR Riss's class. hes a nice boy quite shy and doesn't like to speak up alot. But when he does everyone listens .he is in Michaels band as well.
"Mrs Cathcart"
"Em yeah sir"
"Stop DAYDREAMING"
"Alright sir"
As sir continues teaching us about world war 1, i couldn't help but turn my head around to see if Michael was in class. He was. Omg he was looking right at me, he gave me a cute little smirk.
OMG
I couldn't concentrate in history it was just that smirk that he gave me , it just made my heart break.
After history I got out of the class and start makeing my way over to the band room when Michael comes up to me.
Michael- "heyyyy"
Me- "em hey"
Michael - "Did you get anything in that class"*giving that same smirk that he did during the class*
Me - "stop doing that"*giggling a wee bit*
Michael - "what?"*giggling a bit as well and with the same smirk on his face*
Me - "that smile it's just to fucking cute"*i could tell my cheeks started to get all hot*
Michael - "Really?"
Me - "eh yeah"
Michael- "So I think you should give me your number so I can text you"
Me- "okay 68359104601"
Michael- " I will text you later babe"
Me- "okay"*getting a little flustered by the fact that he called me babe*
I turn to start walking to the band room I feel Michael's hand on my shoulder and turn round
Michael- "your laugh Is just perfect. I just thought I had to tell you that"
Me- "aw thanks, I will see you later"
HE SAID MY LAUGH WAS PERFECT OMFG
I practically sprint to the band room to go and tell jake and Fiona about this.
Me- "omg you know that cute boy Michael, in my history class"
Fiona- "omg yeah the one in the band with that cute boy,calum"
Jake- "that boy Calum is in ma maths class"
Fiona- "oh yeah. he really cute"
Me- "okay well back to my story, he asked me for my number and called me babe"
Fiona/jake - "ohhhhhhh"
Me- "he also called my laugh PERFECT"
Fiona- "OH MY AVA"