
Kelsie's POV "Kelsie, are you ready for cheer?" I heard Matt ask. "Yeah, is my bag downstairs?" I asked. "Yes, now come on we have to pick Molly up too." "Okay, okay." I said while walking down stairs."I'm here let's go." I said while grabbing my bags, and walking out the door. "You ready for competition on Saturday?" He asked "Yes, but nervous." I told him. "Ohhhhh. I'm sure yall will do great, miss co captain." He said which made me blush. "Whatever Matt." I told him. It took us five minutes to get to Molly's and an additional 10 minutes to get to Woodlands Elite. When we got there we signed in, and told Matt bye. Today, we have to teach our team, and we have to teach the little beginners. So we would be here for three hours today. "Okay, stretch, then five laps guys." Molly said. "Okay, so I'll do tumbling, and you can do stunts?" I asked her. "Yeah that will work." She said. "Okay." I said. Then after everyone finished their five laps, we split up, and started tumbling, and stunting. We do each for thirty minutes then you switch lines. --------- After doing cheer and stunting for an hour, it's time to practice our routine for our competition. It took us an hour to get it perfect then everyone could go home. "See you all tomorrow, and that will be our last practice, before competition. Make sure to get plenty of rest, and drink a shake for breakfast, only liquids tomorrow." I told them all. Next we had the little ones for an hour, and they were gymnastics, so we did bars, and balance beams for an hour then left. "Both practices were really good today Molly." "Yeah, I think my mom is picking us up today." She said. "Yeah I think so." I said. We both walked outside and saw Cameron standing outside his car waiting. "Cammy!" I yelled! "I missed you!" We both yelled. Cameron is like another brother to me. He was there whenever Matt had to go somewhere, and when my parents weren't there for Matt and I. "I missed yall too munchkins." He said. "Are yall coming over today?" I asked. "Sure are. A lot of the boys who were invited to Magcon are coming too. So we are going to party!" He said while getting in the car. Molly, and I just looked at each other and then started to giggle. "Well okay then." I said. We all listened to music, sang, and danced weirdly on the way to my house. When we got there Molly and I went up to my room to take a shower and change into different clothes. Molly had my bathroom and I had Matts. When ever we both finished, we went downstairs to eat, and there were a lot, and I mean A LOT of boys here! I mean I knew who they were, but jeez there were a lot. "Kelsie!" I heard someone yell. "Hayes!" I said. See me and Hayes have been talking on Instagram after we found out our brothers were going on tour. "What's up?" He said. "Nothing much. Just got done with cheer." I said. "Oh cool. Whose that?" He said pointing behind me. "That's Molly, Cameron's sister. Also my best friend." I said while smiling. "Cool. Do you know who that is over there sitting by herself?" He asked. "I don't know let's go say hi." I said. "Okay." They agreed. We all walked over there and introduced ourselves, we found out her name is Balieh, and she is Jack Gilinskys sister. After we all introduced ourselves we went upstairs to the game room to play pool, air hockey, and ping pong. We played for a long time, then we noticed that the boys still weren't outside, so we decided to go outside, and swim by ourselves, but when we were walking out there, all of our brothers came and pushed us in. "Matthew Lee Espinosa!" I yelled. "You better sleep with one eye open!" I screamed. "Awww I'm sorry!" He said while walking over to me. "Give me a hug." He said while leaning down. I then decided to pull his arm, and he fell into the pool. "Haha." I laughed. "I'll give you a hug now." I said. The. We hugged, for a long time, and talked and stuff. Soon everyone was in the pool, and I got on Matts back and fell asleep.
Matts POV "Hey Matt, your sister fell asleep on your back." JJ said. "Oh. I'll leave her there until we decide to get out." I said. Thirty Minutes later we all got out. I told Molly she and Kelsie could sleep in my room, Balieh could sleep in Kelsies. Everyone else slept in the movie room, or the game room. I walked upstairs with Kelsie still on my back, and laid her down on my bed. "Matt?" I heard a small voice say. "Yes." I asked "Will you lay down with me." "Molly is coming to lay down with you." "But I want you to." "How about you and me sleep on the floor, and she can have the bed." I asked "Okay." I picked her back up, and laid her down on the floor with a pillow and blanket. "I'll be right back." I said. "Okay." She said. I walked downstairs, and told everyone that if they wanted food, they could get some, and that there were extra blankets in the closet down the hall. Afterwards, I walked back upstairs and laid down with Kels. "Night brother." "Night Kels." ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I heard someone run to the bathroom. I checked the time 5:34 A.M. I felt around and didn't feel Kelsie. I shot up and ran to the bathroom. I stood outside the door, and heard someone throwing up. "Kels? Are you okay?" I asked. "No." I heard her say. I could tell she was about to start crying. "Can I come in?" I asked "Yes." I walked in and saw her sitting on the ground. "Did you eat anything after cheer yesterday?" I asked. "No I wasn't hungry." She said "Okay, well let's go downstairs, get you some, water, and some food." "Okay." "Kels. Are you okay?" I turned around and saw Molly standing there."Yeah, you can go back to bed if you want." She told her. "Nah, that's okay, I'm kind of hungry." "Well you woke up at the right time." She said.