
The aroma from the food my mother was cooking filled the pine shingled house invitingly.  Dinner would be ready soon.  We kept a few chickens, and a small vegetable garden, but for all intents, that was it for our farming ability. My father, Gu Namukkun, was by profession a logger.
"Eomeoni," I told my mother, "the boiled eggs are ready." I had peeled and cut them, placing them into a bowl.
"Good. Dinner is ready then," Eomeoni said taking the bowl from my hands.
"It smells wonderful," my father said as he gave my mom an affectionate kiss on the cheek.
Our table sat low to the floor, and instead of chairs  we would sit on the ground around it. It gives a nice cozy feeling, being so close to each other as eat.
Eomeoni placed the last plate of food on the table and joined us. "Let us eat well."
"I ran into Lord Park in town today," Abeoji said. Eomeoni scowled as she scooped rice into her bowl. "He reminded me of our debt."
"Did he now?" Eomeoni muttered. "You can't get blood from a stone. What does he want us to do? Give him the house?"
I watched my parents for a moment. Abeoji looked troubled. I knew he wanted to pay the debt, but hadn't yet been able to.
"No, not the house. It won't come to that," Abeoji assured her. "I agreed to make a payment at the end of next week."
"Namukkun! Can we really do that?"
"It beats the alternative--letting our daugh--."
"What?" I asked. Eomeoni waved for me to be silent. I had a lot of questions. Did Lord Park want me to work for him? I wasn't afraid of honest hard work, and I had worked in the merchant house for a few weeks this winter when they had needed the extra hand. Well, I really suspect it was more of the merchants way of trying to help us out, giving me odd jobs to earn some of the staples we needed.
"Never mind, it won't come to that," Abeoji cleared his throat gruffly. "That's the end of it."
"Will you reconsider hiring help? I could talk with Oh Soo's mom..." Eomeoni said as Abeoji shook his head.
"No, we can't afford to pay the hired help right now."
"Eomeoni, I will help Abeoji, you'll see. Together we'll get the wood in to sell," I interrupted, giving my mother a nod. Abeoji waved for me to be silent. I lowered my gaze. I knew it wasn't my place to interrupt adults when they were speaking, but I can--and would--help my father.
"Eun Na, you can't always be off helping and gathering the wood."
"Just let me help, Abeoji, until we can afford to pay for the help. I can be both daughter and son."
"Don't be silly, Eun Na. You can't be a son," Eomeoni said.
"You know what I mean, Eomeoni." I tried to not frown, but it was hard. I didn't feel my mother really understood me. I wanted more than to be someone's wife. I wanted a friend, and I wanted to be equal. I knew my parents had a unique relationship, as they loved each other, but many others did not. Marriage was more of a match to secure your family.  A thought crossed my mind about Lord Park. He had a son who was in the capital studying. He would be a few years older than me.  I glanced at my father.  He was hiding something, I was sure of it.
"You know I don't like you out there," Eomeoni said, bringing my attention back to the table.
Abeoji took Eomeoni's hand into his and squeezed. "I'll watch out for our daughter."
"Well, please be careful out there." My mother looked sad, and I felt a small prick of my conscious. I didn't like disappointing her. She was after all my mother. I knew she wanted what was best for me. I knew she didn't like me out helping with the logging. Logging was dangerous work.  But since the fire, when we had needed to take that loan from Lord Park, what choice did we have?
"Thank you, Eomeoni!" I said. "I'll help us get out of debt and be okay again. I promise."
After cleaning up after the meal, I went outside to sit on the porch and watch the sun set. I loved sunset. As the evening blue turned full of reds and golds, I noticed a shadow fly by. At first, I thought it was a bird. With a smile I turned my attention to it, imagining I was soaring high and free with. Instead of a bird, my eyes focused on the small serpentine body of an imugi dragon.