
I take a long deep breath and open the large, wooden doors of Sunville Middle School. I shiver as a blast of freezing cold air ruffles my clothes. I take a moment to study my surroundings. The floor is covered in marble tiles. The walls are painted bright blue with pictures that look like kids drew . A loud voice sounds through the intercom. "Hello, boys and girls and welcome to the first day of school!" I instantly recognize the voice as Mr. Jason, the principal. I'd met him before when he came to my house to introduce himself and get to know a bit about me. I sighed of relief. I was excited to have this person as my principal for the year. I smell the familiar scent of musty chalkboards and let it bathe on my tongue. Memories start pounding through my head. Sitting in a class with two girls on either side of me, the happiness I felt. Then the sadness of waving goodbye to other kids as I load up into a car, all alone. Driving through meadows, and meadows of lush, green forest. Fluffy gray clouds overhead and a sea blue sky, all alone. Why was I sad? I was back where I belonged. Life was good."Young lady?" a voice jerks my attention. I look behind me and see a grown women wearing a plaid dress with a black top, tiny gold earings jiggling from her ears. "Shouldn't you be in class?" she questions me. "I-I was just g- going-" "Mrs. Riley!" Another voice calls from the other end of the hall. We both look in that direction and see a girl. She has pitch-black hair with pink highlights and a . "Olivia!" I exclaim. Olivia has been my best friend for as long as I can remember. We met in kindergarten and just have had a special bond ever since. I run up and throw my arms around her. "Nice to see ya, Savannah," she says happily. We fist bump each other. Mrs.Riley walks towards us,"I guess you two know each other." We both nod our heads. "Please don't get mad Mrs.Riley, Savannah hasn't been here before. She was just looking around." Olivia defends me. Mrs.Sam sighs. "I'll let you off easy this time but l'll expect you in your class within 2 minutes." "We will" we both chant, and dash off. With my best friend right next to me, I was excited to begin the year.  And with the wide joyful smile on her face, I knew she felt the same.
After School That Day.... ( Olivia's POV )
Me and Savannah say farewell to the driver who grunts a reply. From the side of road we wave goodbye to the bus as it trekks off. "Wanna come over and hang out?" I ask Savannah once the bus has merged into the distance."Yah!" she says enthusiastically. We start heading in the direction of my house, which is a few blocks away from Savannah's. She starts making conversation."How's life been when while I was gone?" she asks. I shrug. "Lonely" I reply. For a whole year, Savannah had moved to Michigan to live with her mother who had divorced with her father a few months earlier. " How's Michigan?" I ask her in return. "Pretty good, but I'm glad to be home." she replies. "I'm glad your ba-" before I finish, a yapping noise starts at the other end of the street. We both whip around, Savannah squints for a moment and squeals. "Jade!" She calls. I follow her gaze to where a girl with long brown dreadlocks was running after a dog. Sure enough, the girl chasing the dog was my and Savannah's other best friend from kindergarten (except from each other) Jade. Quick as lightning, I bolt at the dog and grab it's leash which had been flimsily trailing behind. Once I have the dog in my arms, I shakily lift it up and hand it to Savannah. "I need to rest." I breathlessly say. Seconds after I flop to the ground, Jade comes running up with a shocked look on her face. "Savannah! Olivia!, thanks for catching the dog!" She gestures to the dog squirming restlessly in Savannah's arms. From what I could see, it was a beagle.Once I've cooled down, I get up and carefully take the dog out of Savannah's arms. It looks no older than 5 months, so it feels light weight in my still shaky, but firm arms. Jade bends down next to me and pats the Beagle on it's head."Meet Hunter" she says."Hunter" I echo, feeling soothed with the silky, smooth feeling of his fur. I get up and glance at Jade. "You've got one great dog there Jade" I think to myself but quickly push away. "Enough with all this emotional stuff" Savannah jerks my attention back to reality."Jade, wanna come over to my house with me and Olivia?" Savannah askes. Jade noddes her head eagerly and we set off.