
I plopped down into the seat and pulled my phone out, checking for text messages. I don't know why I do, because the only people who would text me are my mom and Cat, but I just saw Cat so that's unlikely, and my mom is at work. I pulled up tumblr and scrolled mindlessly for a couple of minutes to entertain myself. I have to be weary with tumblr in public, though, because the occasional porn gif will appear.
I was just scrolling past a particularly funny text post when I heard my name. My head shot up, finding the source of it. My teacher was standing in the front of the room with an unfamiliar student, and he was looking at me condescendingly.
"Mr. Howell, if you would put your phone away, thank you." I quickly locked my phone and slid it into my pocket as Mr. Richards continued speaking to me. "As I was saying, he will be your new lab partner." He pointed to the kid next to him.
The boy walked forward and placed his books down with a smile. "Hi, Dan, right?" He stuck his hand out to me. I didn't take it for obvious reasons. I just nodded my head and put my book bag on the floor in between my feet. "I'm new, and I'm horrible at chemistry, so you'll have to forgive me."
I looked over at him, confused as to why he was still talking. I obviously was not going to partake in this conversation with him.
He had a big grin plastered across his face, making him look extremely... goofy. I stared at him, bewildered by his strange demeanor. How could someone so new to an unwelcoming place be so confident?
"Anyway, it's nice to meet you," he said cheerfully. I nodded and looked away, making sure he knew that the conversation was officially over. He obviously got the message because he didn't speak for the rest of the class.
---
I met up with cat after sixth period, the final period of the day. We always walk home together, seeing as we live a couple houses away from each other.
"So I met the new kid," I mumbled unenthusiastically.
Cat's face lit up, and her eyes got big in excitement. "Really? What's his name?"
I opened my mouth to answer, but closed it quickly. "I don't know," I said truthfully. Mr. Richards must have said it when he introduced him, but I was too busy laughing at my phone to pay attention. "He's my new chemistry lab partner, though."
"He's your lab partner but you don't know his name?" Cat asked, bewildered. "Actually, I'm not that surprised."
"What's that supposed to mean?" I questioned harshly.
"Never mind. What's he like?" She quickly jumped subjects.
"He's annoying," I answered.
Cat looked over at me skeptically. "Are you sure? Everyone else has been saying that he is super friendly and funny."
"Well, I must've been the lucky 1,000th customer," I joked, but Cat didn't laugh.
"I bet he's as funny and cute as everyone says he is, and you're just a grumpy old man," Cat grumbled.
"Yeah, probably," was all I said. I felt Cat's glare, but I didn't meet her eyes. I stared straight ahead as we walked.
"So, about later today," Cat started.
"Studying," I reminded quickly, before she could finish her sentence.
"But Daaaaaan," she whined. "We haven't hung out in forever."
"Mm, let's keep it that way then," I mumbled. To most people, that kind of comment would seem harsh and unnecessary, but Cat just responded in the same way she usually does.