
"Dan, what are you doing?"
I didn't look up from my textbook as I responded, "studying."
Cat scoffed loudly. "For what? We don't have any tests today."
"Tomorrow we do," I replied monotonously, "in calculus."
I could practically feel Cat roll her eyes. "Yeah, but Mr. Sever is an asshole, and I don't care about that class anymore. It's stupid."
"Okay," I said in an attempt to end the conversation, but as per usual it doesn't work with Cat.
"What are you doing later?" Cat chirped.
"Probably studying some more," I answered honestly. I didn't wanna hang out with her anyway. I considered Cat a friend, probably my only friend, but I wasn't up for socializing today.
"You're always studying," Cat mumbled, slouching over her tray of food, probably getting it all over her hair. "I don't know why I'm friends with you. You're so difficult."
"Then don't be friends with me," I suggested, still staring at my book and trying to study at the same time.
"I've tried," Cat sat up suddenly, making me jump and look over at her. I was right, she did have food in her hair now. "Have you seen the new kid?"
"No," I spoke, and she pointed excitedly into a crowd that was hanging out beside the doors that lead to the rest of the school. "Yeah, I don't think pointing is going to work here," I commented sarcastically.
Cat sighed. "Maybe you'll have a class with him or something. He's really hot and apparently super outgoing and stuff."
"Do you have a crush on a boy you've never met?" I smirked over at her, and she blushed immediately.
"No!" She yelled, burying her face in her hands. "He's just interesting. We never get new kids here."
She was right. Lakeview High school has a population of 400 students, and the city of Lakeview has about 5,000 residents. We were a quaint suburban city in west California, and we were never really bothered much.
The bell rang, signaling class change. The sound of chairs scraping against the linoleum floors filled the cafeteria as everyone stood up to go to their fifth period class. I had chemistry, and unfortunately Cat had World History, so we said our goodbyes and walked in separate directions.
The hallways were small so even the small amount of people here manage to create a fair bit of traffic, which is slightly problematic.
I have had a problem with people touching me for as long as I can remember. Every time someone tried to hug me, I'd cry. People would shake my hands and make me nervous and shaky. Even an accidental brush on the shoulder would send me into panic. I've seen numerous doctors, but nobody knows why. I had a pleasant childhood and loving parents. They were never able to hold me or cradle me, though. My mom tells me stories about how when I was younger, I would scream if anyone would try to pick me up, even as a baby. My mom was probably the only one who could touch me then, but not even she can anymore.
I move off to the side for a second, letting some of the heavier crowd pass by me, before I start walking again. People always look at me strangely when they see me practically melting into the wall, but I've learned to ignore them.
Soon the crowd died down, so I make my way to fifth period. I get there within a minute and place my bag down at the table I sit at. It's a two person table, but seeing as I don't really have any friends and people think I'm weird, I sit by myself. It's okay though, because I prefer it anyway.