
'Whaat, Gabriele Olivia West you better not be messing with me! Me and Victoria knew you since pre-school so don't lie to us!.' Derrick whispered-shouted at me. 'I have to go find him guys, here hold my notebook & pen ok, I'll be back I promise.' I smiled at them as I opened door to the hallway, as the door closed behind me I walked towards the irresistible smell, a smell of mint was pleasure to my nose.
My wolf was going completely insane, as I turned the corner I saw him, my mate. As I walked towards him someone pushed me against the lockers, it was a girl by the smell of her she was a werewolf also 'Stay away from Lucas, he's mine and will always be mine.' She growled.
I pushed her with my feet and she fell to the floor, she lunged herself at me and my head banged against the wall & that hurt more than being injected with silver, maybe a little less she threw me down the opposite hallway to where my mate was my back hit the lockers with a huge bang sound.
My mate quickly turned around and saw me on the floor and I swear his eyes turned black when he saw me on the floor, I tried to get up but the girl hit me in the stomach, and I grunted because trust me it hurt more than you could imagine, she was about to kick me again but my mate grabbed her by the shoulder and pressed her against the lockers.
'If you EVER lay a hand on my beautiful mate, I swear you will never see daylight again, do you understand me Raquel?!' He growled 'Y-yes...Alpha....L-l-lucas..' Rachel said, when he let go she fell to floor, gasping for air then she ran down the hallway.
Lucas I think his name was looked at me and his eyes went back to the brown/hazel colour and he bent down to touch my arm, sparks went inside my body 'Beautiful.' He whispered. I felt my cheeks turn a rosy pink, he picked me up bridal style and took me outside of school, 'Tell me you name, sweetheart.' Lucas said.
'Its Gabriele Olivia West.' I said confidently. He had a big smile on his face, 'That name is absolutely breathtaking.' Lucas said. I smiled and leaned my head against his chest, he was so warm and cuddly like a soft teddy bear.
But I don't think he will like if I said that to him.
Lucas's POVGabriele fell asleep in my arms as I walked back to my pack, my wolf lost control when we saw that witch Raquel beat up our gorgeous mate Gabriele, I just wanted to snap Raquel's neck for doing that to her future Luna.
When I got to the base the doors to my house were opened by my maid and butler Jessica & Dale, I went up the marble stairs to my bedroom and place Gabriele on my king sized bed, I tucked her in and placed a kiss on her cheek I walked out of the room and went to my office, my beta Andrew & his mate Mia & their 3 year old twin sons Ryan & Erick where on my leather couch waiting for me.
'Alpha Lucas' Andrew and Mia said at the same time bowing their heads, and I did the same 'Why have you called us here Lucas?' Andrew asked 'Well I have good news actually, I found my mate & your future Luna her name is Gabriele Olivia West' I said 'Oh my goodness congratulations Lucas' Mia said with a big smile. 'May we meet this Gabriele Lucas?' Andrew asked, I nodded and led them to my room and opened the door, but when I looked at the bed Gabriele wasn't there.
I panicked 'Gabriele were are you?' I asked out loud then I heard the bathroom door open and there stood my beloved mate Gabriele, she smiled at me and gave me a hug which I gladly returned 'Gabriele this is my beta Andrew and his mate Mia and their twin sons Ryan & Erick' I said calmly.
She nodded her head and shock their hands, 'It a pleasure to meet you.' Gabriele said with a smile.