
Gabriele's POVHi I'm Gabriele Olivia West I am currently 18 years old, I have hazel eyes with a hint of emerald green in them, I have chestnut hair mixed with ombré colour, & now your probably thinking oh it's another boring girl, wrong there is something about me that nobody knows and that secret is that I'm a werewolf & when I turn into a werewolf my fur is completely white and my eyes are a turquoise colour.
Currently I am waiting for my mate, everytime a werewolf turns 16 they find their mate later on, and there is something else about me, I'm a reject and I've been rejected more than anyone else has. I know sad isn't it? But I don't care because the people that reject me are missing on an adventure they will never experience.
My parents Elizabeth West and Anthony West were killed by a pack called Moonlight Kingdom and their Alpha Lucas King, wow I feel sorry for the person that's gonna be his mate.
Lucas's POVHello, I'm Lucas King and I'm the alpha of Moonlight Kingdom I am currently 20 years old and I haven't found my mate yet which is kinda disappointing.
I swear to myself that when I find her I will never let her go & I will never let her out of my sight, I will treat her like my queen & she will be the Luna of Moonlight Kingdom, and we will have a family wow those dreams.
Everytime I enter the Hale High school my wolf looses control and tells me that my mate is near but I can't ever sense her so everyday I enter the high school and I had my hopes up very high to find my soul-mate.~Present~ Gabriele's POVWhen I woke up I rolled over and fell of my bed with an 'omph' sound, wow what a great way to start off a Monday I thought to myself. I checked the time and it was 5:30 am, thank god I didn't wake up late like all the time. I untangled my legs from my comfy blankets and walked to my bathroom.
I brushed my teeth, washed my face, and hopped into the shower I turned my shower to be warm/hot. I bet your wondering who showers with warm/hot water? Well I do & I find it very relaxing, I grabbed my strawberry vanilla scented shampoo and put some in my hand and scrubbed it on my head, I did that for about 3 more times & then put on conditioner 2 times, I scrubbed my self with a coconut scented body wash I scrubbed my body for a good amount of time.
I let the water wash off all of the soap, then I turned off the water and grabbed my blue fluffy tower and exited the bathroom, I went to my closet and took out black skinny jeggings with a grey knitted long sleeve shirt, with my chestnut brown UGGS & a pink and white scarf with pearl earrings, I got dressed and walked to the bathroom & brushed my hair and decided to put it into a messy bun because I was to lazy.
I grabbed my silver ring that had my name 'Gabriele' in cursive writing and put it on, then I put on mascara, and very light black eyeliner & then strawberry scented lip balm I checked myself in mirror one more time then grabbed my iPhone 6 and headphones and left my house and waited for the bus to take me to school.-At School-When I entered the school I went to my locker and put my phone inside there and just took out my notebook and my favorite purple pen then closed my locker and locked it. When I walked upstairs to my class my wolf started going insane and started saying 'Mate is nearby' I was so confused, then brushed it off, but my wolf started going even crazier when I passed by this guy.
He had light chocolate hair and hazel/brown eyes and his hair was brushed back with gel, I stopped in my tracks and turned around to only see him doing the same, he looked at me and I saw him mouthing 'Mine' my eyes widen and before I could take a step to him my crazy best friends Victoria & Derrick pulled me into Mrs. Rose's Math Honors class.
'Hey Gab, why where you in the middle of the hallway with your eyes almost popping out of your head?' Victoria laughed, 'I think I just found my mate.' I whispered to her while still looking at the closed door to the hallway.