
'The pleasures all mine' Andrew and Mia said at the same time.
Gabriele bent down and looked down at Ryan & Erick, 'Hello their, my name is Gabriele what's your name cutie?' She asked kindly
'My name ish Ryan & dat iz my brother Erick.' Ryan said, Gabriele laughed God her laughed is marvelous I could listen to it all day, she picked up Ryan & Erick and placed them on her hips, Ryan & Erick hugged her back and played with her soft hazel/Brown hair, she would be a wonderful mother one day.
She placed them down and they ran out the door with Mia chasing after them, 'It was nice meeting you Luna.' Andrew said before leaving and closing the door.
Gabriele's POVI turned around and saw Lucas standing their with a smile on his perfect pink lips that I wanted to kiss so bad.
'You can kiss my lips all you want sweetheart.' Lucas said, my eyes widen and my cheeks turned slightly red, 'Lucas don't read my thoughts it's not right.' I laughed and pouted. He threw his head back and laughed, lord his laugh is something, 'Sorry darling you thoughts are interesting.' He said with a smirk on his face.
'Gabriele-' he said but I cut him off, 'You can call be Gab alright?' I said as I sat down on the bed 'Ill call you Gaby instead, anyways I wanted to ask you if I can't mark you because I need everyone to know that you belong to me and me only your MINE.' He growled which made me flinch a bit.
His eyes soften as he sat next to be and grabbed my waist and placed me on his lap, 'I'm sorry if I scared you I didn't mean to, I never intend on scaring you or hurting you my love.' He said against my neck, he smelled in my scent, and I swear that I heard him purr, 'Ok Lucas you can mark me.' I said quietly.
He didn't waste a minute before throwing me on the bed and started kissing my neck and leaving trails of kisses on my neck he started sucking a spot on my neck before bitting my neck, I whimpered as the pain increased it hurt so much I let out a tiny scream, but then slowly the pain disappeared and was replaced with pleasure I moaned and tugged his hair.
By tugging his hair only made him growl, he took out his teeth and licked the mark and the blood around it and started kissing and sucking it, then he brought his lips to mine, I was shocked at what he did but then quickly kissed him back he licked my bottom lip asking for entrance but I denied, he growled and lifted me up the bed and pushed me against the wall and grabbed my waist and pulling me impossibly closer to him.
As he tighten his grip I gasped and he took that advantage and stuck his tongue in my mouth and starting sucking my tongue a moan escaped my mouth, he let go of my tongue and staring sucking my bottom lip, which earned a big gasp & moan leaving my mouth he then started sucking my neck & then started sucking the mark & then sparks quickly entered my body and pleasure over did me.
He let go of me and my feet touched the ground but I didn't have my balance yet so my knees wobbled and I fell to the floor but before my face smashed the floor, Lucas's arms wrapped around my waist and pulled me up and carried me bridal style to the bed and placed me softly down.
He tucked me in then he changed into his PJ's and got into the bed with me, he wrapped his arms around my waist & my back was against his chest and then he kissed my shoulder, 'Darling I'm never letting you go, I will always protect you no matter what I will love you the way you've always wanted, and I will touch you the way no man will be able to touch you.' He said into my ear 'Now sleep sweetheart.' He said.
I think he kissed the back of my head before I drifted off into dreamland.
A/N- So what did you guys think? Was it good or nah? I tried and this took me 1 1/2 to write this chapter Ik crazy right? Well that's what you do for the love of reading & written and for you followers :) I hoped you like this chapter! Ily all! -Natali🌷