
That beautiful smile always was plastered on her face. Her life was all about coloring, sleeping, enjoying rainbows all over the place.
The dominance of happiness. Walking up excited for the day. Deciding what to eat for breakfast was her hardest decision.
Her day consisted of enjoying her time with family friends and the presence of a true smile. She had everything a 10 year old would wish for.
Her feelings towards life wasn't just love it was more of an obsession. She was madly in love with life, that she wouldn't wake up a day without smiling and thanking God for all her blessings.
Lydia Martin the young, ignorant, animated and innocent girl. She had a loving family. HAD indeed. Her family includes her parents, and 2 siblings, Andy and Rein.
Her mother was pregnant with her young sister. I don't think excitement is enough to describe how she felt. Little did she know about the consequences of the new child.
Lydia's parents never rejected something she asked for. Her father was a workaholic while her mother watched over Lydia and her siblings. She was the youngest, Andy was older than her by 2 years while Rein was older by 6 years.
School. School is supposed to be torture for students, but for some reason Lydia loved school. She found happiness in every bits and pieces of life.
She was friendly; people could notice that from the amount of friends she had. She loved her friends, she loved spending time with them, opening up to them though there's nothing much to open up about other than her extreme happiness.
Lydia loved herself, Beauty is all she saw whenever she looked at a mirror. She never understood how one wouldn't simply fall in love with his own self. UNDERSTOOD.
She was in love with her brown hair,her brown eyes, her small lips. She was in love with every inch of herself from head to toe.
Her confidence was outstanding, she never understood why she wouldn't be confident, she was pretty smart and an ordinary girl.UNDERSTOOD.
She loved people, she enjoyed their presence. She never wanted to be alone.. Nights were her biggest fear , she loved the sun the light.
Peterpan was never her favorite Disney movie, she never understood it. She enjoyed watching Hannah Montana or Disney cartoon series because they were fun, they made her laugh. Little did she know what they symbolize , what was hidden between the lines.
Rose was Lydia's bestfriend since day one. They met on the first day of kindergarten and became friends ever since. She loved her bestfriend, she tells her everything. She spends the whole weekends with her.
Nothing stays the same. At some point, everything changes.