
Hi! This is a new story that I'm writing. Please comment every opinion so I can progress on writing. Thank you for reading! ~p~
"Dad wants us to pick up were he left off.Saving people,hunting things,family business..."I said to my little sister as she bit her nails. I was so damn serious. She didn't notice.
It was a cloudy day.the power was gone for hours.rain wouldn't stop hitting the window. Our room was dark and I didn't feel good about it. I cleared my head from everything and looked at her again.
"So,Are you with me?"
She started ignoring me all over again, I sighed and got up to pack my bag.
"You better hurry kiddo, I will leave you here if you don't start packing!" I said with a faked angry voice. She stood up and rolled her eyes.
"whatever."
"Don't you dare give me that look young lady!" I teased while messing her long brown hair.
She gave me the look again and stormed off. I was very confused."Teenagers!" I thought to myself looking at my messy short brown hair in the mirror.A thought came to my head...were was this all started?
It was December.I was 17. My sister was 10. It was the worst month of our lives. When "dad" happened. It was in the middle of the night when that "thing" came in. Oh hell I knew what it was. It was a hell hound.It took my dad to hell. Because of a stupid deal. Since then I continued his legacy. To be a hunter. And my little sister was helping too. She was smart and brave. She never actually knew what happened to dad.she just thought it was a hunting accident.We had to burn his body. She didn't take that so well. Her and dad had a perfect bond. She became sad and something dark came in her life that I couldn't remove it.I didn't know my dad in an emotional way. He was a great hunter and I followed his footsteps with no hesitation. He was always proud of me as a hunter. It was never a father-daughter bond between us. It's been 4 years now and yet I missed him as my mentor.I came out of my complicated thoughts and finished my packing.I called my sister.
"What?" She said loudly.
"Where the hell are you kid?" I said nervously.
"You are not my mom!I'll be back when I'm done!"she shouted.
"What are you-" she hung up before I finished.
"Teenagers!" I mumbled.
I was starting to pack my sister's bag when I fell asleep.
-------------------
I woke up with the door's sound. Sarah was back. She was soaking wet.
"Where the hell were you?" I said with a little anger.
"Just out." She replied quality.I stared at her eyes. Something was wrong.
"I p-packed my bags...can we go now?" Her lips trembled.
"Yes..yes...are you okey kiddo?" I patted her hair.
She took a deep breath"Yeah, fine."
"Allrighty!let's hit the road. We have a lot of work to do!"