
Meredith Mailk- age 23 older sister of Zayn Mailk dating Ashton Irwin has had a troubled life that she hates to talk about has long legs lives with her brother Zayn. Loves to go on romantic dates with her boyfriend Ashton is not as tan as her brother has brown hair and blue eyes.
Zayn Malik- age 22 younger brother of Meredith dating Perry Edwards shares apartment with sister. Brown hair and brown eyes tan recently quit his band gets hate everyday because of it try's to ignore it.
Ashton Irwin- age 20 older brother of Hope Irwin, Lauren Irwin, and Harry Irwin dating Meredith Malik has dirty blonde hair hazel brown/green eyes. Is tall is in love with his older girlfriend Meredith wants to propose but doesn't know how in a band called five seconds of summer.
Hope Irwin- age 18 dating Luke Hemmings best friend Meredith Malik has long legs brown hair purple ombré had hazel brown/green eyes lives in collage dorms. Is bipolar doesn't tell anyone about being bipolar doesn't want people to worry about her worries about best friend because of her troubled life.
Luke Hemmings- age 18 about to turn 19 dating Hope Irwin really tall has blonde hair and blue eyes. Is in a band called five seconds of summer loves everyone around him even if they hate him older brother of Ry.
Calum hood- age 19 dating Sonia has brown hair and brown eyes tall loves puppies and loves to make fun of Michael because of a song that is written about him but doesn't take it seriously.
Ry Hemmings- 17 years old dating Michael Clifford younger sister of Luke Hemmings dyed hair a lot loves bands. Is a punk sarcastic but not rude when she is she's depressed and shy brown eyes colorful hair.
Michael Clifford- age 19 dating Ry Hemmings dyes hair a lot doesn't take Calum seriously loves bands and pizza. Jokes around a lot hair color black right now eye color green can't be taken seriously only when mad.
Liam Payne- age 21 single loves to joke around at times is serious when needed to be has brown eyes and brown hair. Is in a band called one direction and he loves his three other band mates.
Niall Horan- age 21 single cares about everyone around him would stop to do anything for people in need has dyed blonde hair original hair color brown and has blue eyes.
Harry styles- age 21 dating Rosy Payne loves to have fun and joke around people think he's a fuckboy but he doesn't even sleep with girls or lead them on has brown hair and green eyes.
Louis Tomlinson- age 23 jokes around sometimes but not that much any more because he lost his best friend to rumors that tore them apart saying they were dating (not hating) he was forced to leave his best friend hair color brown eye color blue older brother of Sonia
Sonia Tomlinson- age 19 dating Calum Hood younger sister of Louis Tomlinson had brown hair and eyes shy and outgoing best friends with Hope Irwin and Meredith Mailk.
Edit: Rosy Payne- age 20 dating Harry styles had brown hair and brown eyes outgoing sometime insecure and shy is 5'1