
My name is Stephanie and I'm in the zombie apocalypse with my friend Zoe, my sister Anna and my mom Diana. One day my father died driving to a bar as you can tell my dad was an alcoholic. a couple weeks after his death things got weird.
I was sitting in my room watching tv when all of a sudden it switched channels and went straight to the news the tv reporter said " everyone there seems to be a virus going around if anyone is feeling sick stay indoors." I turn off the tv and look outside my window I see a person in my backyard eating something.
I walk downstairs and open the back door I yell "hey excuse me what are you doing!" The person gets up and has blood all over their face. The person wobbles towards me and lunges towards me. I run inside and lock the doors. I run up to my sisters room and she jumps I say out of breath "pack your thing....now. " she asks "why?" I shake my head and say "don't question it just do it." I run to my moms room and I tell her the same thing
I run to my room pull out my duffel bag and pull a hole bunch of clothes and I only have shorts on so I pull on my leather skinny jeans over my shorts and then I put on my grey v neck and put on my combat boots. I run outside to the kitchen and grabbed a lot of canned food and put it in my bag.
I see my mom and Anna ready to go my mom hands me a gun and she says "uncle taught you so nows the time to use those skills." I nod and say " hold on I forgot something." I run up stairs and grabbed my knife from under my bed and then broke my picture frame with me and my friend Zoe and Anna. I stuffed the picture in my pocket and ran down stairs and I say " guys we need to go get Zoe."
We get in the car and drive to Zoe house. I run inside with my gun in my hand and see Zoe with blood all over her hands on her knees over her mothers dead bloody body.
I walk over to her and whisper "come on let's go." she gets up and slowly walk with me to the car. she gets in the back with Anna and they start to hug each other. Zoe starts crying and then slowly falls asleep. Here is the start of our new life and it isn't a good one.
••• heeeeelllloooo well I hope you liked it. I did write another book "our love story" and I'm thinking I should delete it but anyways VOTE AND COMMENT  thanks byyyeeee😘😘