
(GerIta)
If you don't support this ship and are reading this just to rant about this ship, please don't. Just stop reading.
Italy had enough of training. It was getting way to hard for him. Germany kept pushing and pushing him to points he thought he couldn't reach. Sometimes he thought of just dropping out, leaving the Axis, and becoming a neutral country. Less work, more time to make and eat pasta, right?
Exasperated, he plopped down onto his bed, not bothering to change out of his training clothes. He wondered how Japan never got this tired from training. Maybe all the other countries were right. Italy was a weak country after all.
He took off his shoes and rested on his pillow, staring at the ceiling. Slowly, he closed his eyes and his dreams awaited him. He hoped he would dream about pasta!
(The dream)
He was standing in a meadow, wearing the maid outfit he'd worn when he was a little child. Everyone had thought he was a girl at that time, but now they knew he was a boy, so why was he still wearing them? Curiosity got the better of him and he decided to venture out and explore.
After a while, he reached a very shady forest. It was only then he realized the sun beating down on him and the sweat running down his face. He ran into the shade and a cool breeze fell on him. He sighed in delight and sat down at the trunk of a tree.
When he was done resting, he stood up and began to walk again. He stopped when he reached an opening in the forest, the sun shining brightly in the middle. And in the middle appeared Chibi Romano. Italy smiled at how adorable his brother had looked when they were younger.
Romano, too, was smiling. It was a sight that you wouldn't normally see, at least for Romano. This made Italy even more happy, and he began to run to the illusion of Romano, arms outstretched. Romano began to frown then, which confused Italy, but didn't stop him from running up to him and giving him a hug.
Suddenly, the illusion changed and there stood an adult Romano. He was in his regular clothing, that recognizable frown on his face as always. Italy stopped running and put his hands down to his sides, disappointed. What happened?
He sighed and started to say, "Fratello, why'd you stop? Why aren't you still running up to me?" Italy stiffened. "Is it because I changed into my adult self? Is that why? I'm still the same person. Are you implying that the only reason you'd hug me is because I'm adorable?"
Italy was instantly crushed with guilt. That isn't what he meant at all! "Wait, Romano!" He yelled. "I was about to hug you because you seemed... happy. You're never like that, and, well, it made me want to hug you."
Romano looked hurt, which stabbed Italy in the heart. He hated seeing Romano like this, and he wished he could cheer him up somehow. "How would you know if I'm happy or not? You never do! Stupid idiot, why would you even care if I'm happy or not?"
Suddenly, Italy felt like he was sinking into a dark void. "Why would I care? Romano, of course I would care if you're happy! You're my brother, and it worries me every time when you're unhappy." He said.
"Why didn't you say anything, then?!" Romano yelled, obviously frustrated now. Italy was slowly becoming frustrated as well.
He sighed and replied, "I didn't want to upset you even more! You could've been depressed or something, I didn't know!"
"Well, you would've known if you'd asked me!"
Italy felt his heart shatter. "Your constant sadness is killing me, Romano. I don't know what to do."