
Noticing Italy's expression, Germany put the piece of paper back and said, "So it's true. I'm Holy Rome."
He barely got to finish his sentence before Italy somewhat sprang on him, pulling him into a tight hug. There were tears streaming down Italy's face now, but he didn't bother to wipe them away. "I knew it, I knew it, I knew it." Italy kept saying. "I knew you were Holy Rome."
The new information was very overwhelming to Italy, and he tried to embrace it as much as he could. Germany is Holy Rome. It's true. He had kept his promise after all. Holy Rome did come back. For him. For Italy.
Germany was hugging Italy back now, with less force than Italy. But Italy didn't mind. He wanted to be in Germany's arms forever. He wanted them to disappear, to be in their own world where they could comfort each other for eternity. They were lost in each other's arms.
Italy pulled away for a second only to press his lips onto Germany's. He felt that Germany's face was also wet with tears. A few seconds later Germany was surprisingly kissing back. Italy wrapped his arms around Germany's nape and pulled him down, closer to him. Germany cupped Italy's face and deepened the kiss. They leaned into each other, silently crying and kissing away each other's tears.
"Ich liebe dich, Italia. At first I didn't know how or why, but I do now. I just needed you to help me find out. You complete my life, Italia." Germany whispered to Italy as he slowly pulled away.
Italy had stopped crying. He had to catch his breath, and so did Germany. When he was done, he said, "Ti amo, Holy Rome. I've always loved you, ever since you asked me to be part of the Roman Empire. When you first left me, I swore to myself that I would never love anyone else. But then I met you, Germany. I tried not to fall in love with you, but I did. Today, finding out that you are Holy Rome, was the best thing that ever happened to me. I thought you broke your promise. But you didn't. You came back. For me."
They hugged once again, clinging onto each other, never wanting to let go. Eventually they broke apart, and stared at each other for a while. Italy broke the silence by saying, "You know, that wasn't the first time we kisssed." He smiled and Germany blushed, even though he was confused. That made Italy chuckle a little.
"Mein gott, you have to be kidding." Germany replied. When Italy shook his head, Germany blushed even more. "I should go back to my room and sleep." Germany said and started to walk out the door. Italy watched him until he shut the door, leaving him alone in his dark room.
He walked over to his bed and lied down on the familiar pasta-smelling sheets. Anyone could tell that Italy was the happiest person on earth. You could see it in his expression, hear it in the way he talked, feel it in the mood he carried around to every room. Even though he and Germany never agreed to it, he was going to keep tonight a secret. Nobody needed to know that Germany is Holy Rome. Except for him and Germany, of course. Tonight he slept almost immediately, so caught up in all his joy and happiness.
Finally, he was allowed to let himself love Germany.
Any specific requests for short stories? Hope you enjoyed this story and please leave feedback :D