
"Like your sadness when Holy Rome left didn't kill me?!" Romano retorted, then clasped both his hands on his mouth.
Italy felt like fainting at just the thought of Holy Rome. Why did Romano have to bring him up? His eyes started to water as he fell on his knees. He started to sob into his hands. Romano stared at Italy and his face softened a bit. "I'm sorry, Italy, I didn't mean to-"
"What do you mean, you didn't mean to?!" Italy yelled, which was very much unlike him. "How dare you bring him up when you know I burst into tears at his name? What kind of brother are you?"
Romano took a step back. "You never got out of depression, Feli. I thought you'd be over it by now, but apparently you're not."
Italy looked up at him, his face wet and streaked with tears. "How could I ever be? He was the only person I would enjoy seeing as a child, other than Hungary, Austria, and Grandpa Rome."
"Oh." Romano took another step back. "I wasn't one of the people you enjoyed to see." But before Italy could say anything, Romano said, "It's okay, Feli. I didn't enjoy seeing myself either." And he walked away into the forest.
Before Italy could say or do anything, a different illusion showed up. This one was, again, Romano. But it was different. He was laying on the ground, soaked in blood. His arms were covered in cuts and scars, as well as his legs. He moaned in pain, which sent a very small relief through Italy, knowing he was still alive.
He noticed Romano was mumbling something under his breath. Italy ran to Romano and leaned over him. Romano was saying, "I tried, I tried, I tried" over and over again. At first, Italy was confused, but then he realized what had happened; Romano had tried to commit suicide.
"R-Romano..." Italy stammered. What the heck was happening? Romano looked at the boy standing over him and whispered, "I tried for you."
"Tried... what?" He gulped, afraid of what the answer would be, even though he probably knew the answer.
But Romano simply rolled his eyes and said, "Killing myself, you bastard. I know you've always wanted to be the entire country of Italy, but I'm the only one stopping you from that. I know it's pointless trying to kill myself, since I'm a country and I'm immortal, but I tried. Just to make you happy."
Just to make him happy.
Italy didn't cry. He didn't even shed a tear. He just stared at his bleeding brother, who was wincing with agony. It was what he wanted, he realized. He'd wanted to become all of Italy before, many times. He'd just never realized that Romano would have to die for that to happen.
"To make me happy...?" Italy said. Then, a knife appeared in Romano's hand. He held it out to Italy, and he grabbed it. Both of them were holding the knife, their gazes locked. Part of Italy was screaming, what the hell is wrong with you?! While the rest was saying something completely different. Something nobody would've expected Italy to even think about. That voice overpowered the screaming, and, following the dark thoughts, he brought down the knife onto Romano's chest, killing him.
Romano looked at him one last time, and smiled. "I hope you're happy now, fratello." And he faded into nothing.
He would never be happy. It was far too late. He was broken.
Italy decided that he needed to get out of this forest, and quick. That was, until he saw Holy Rome standing behind a few trees. He could feel his heart rapidly beating in his chest. It was as if in that moment, he'd forgotten how to breathe.