
Italy shot up in bed, breathing heavily. He was right. It had been a dream. Germany had almost kissed him. He should've been glad the dream ended then. So why wasn't he glad?
He rubbed his eyes so he could adjust to the darkness. That was a very unusual dream, and being a country, he got tons of unusual dreams. But this one was different. It made some part of him feel a way it didn't used to feel before. Then he remembered what Romano had told him. You never got out of depression. He was feeling depressed.
A noise from the other side of the room disrupted his thoughts. He sat up in bed to see what it was. To his surprise, there stood Germany. In Holy Rome's adult outfit. Just like in his previous dream.
Italy almost fainted in bed.
Germany noticed Italy staring at him and he instantly started to creep back to the door. "What are you doing here?" Italy demanded while whispering. "And why are you wearing that?"
He stopped a few feet away from the door and blushed. "I-I- nothing you need to know about, Italia."
Italy stood up from bed. "It is something I need to know about." He sounded like a little kid, demanding something from his parents. Other times, he would've tried to sound more mature, but now it didn't matter. He needed answers.
"And why is that?" Germany asked, stepping away from the door and closer to the bed.
"Because you're Holy Rome."
There. He said it. He was going to be straightforward, if if meant getting all his answers.
Germany was taken back. "I- what- Italy, what do you mean?" Italy had stepped slightly closer to see that Germany looked completely tired, like he hasn't gotten any sleep.
"You're Holy Rome. I know you are. God, how did I not see how much you two look and act alike?" The Italian said, realizing how oblivious he had been before. He'd just accepted the fact that Holy Rome was gone and he never looked for any hope anywhere.
Germany's expression didn't change. "That's impossible, Italy. France took down the Holy Roman Empire long ago." He said coldly, almost as if trying to crush Italy's conclusion.
Looking for words to find, Italy stumbled towards Germany, closer and closer. When he finally came up with something to say, he reached up and touched Germany's face softly. "Your eyes are the same blue as his. I remember his eyes perfectly, and they're just like yours. You guys both have this cute habit of denying something when you don't want to admit it. Also, just to point out the obvious, you have the same outfit as him right now."
A slightly reddish color rose up in Germany's cheeks, and then he started to blush. "I found this outfit in my closet and I was curious what it was doing there. So I tried it on. Also, how do you know so much about the Holy Roman Empire?" He went on and on.
Italy took a deep breath. "I know so much about him because... because we were the best of friends when we were children. Then one day, he had to leave, and he promised he would come back. But he never did." He found tears starting to form in the corners of his eyes, and he quickly blinked them away so Germany couldn't see. "Besides," Italy continued. "If you're just trying it on in curiosity, why are you in my room?"
Germany sighed. "There was a note in the clothing. I was hoping you would explain it for me if you could, but you kind of just did." He pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket and unfolded it for Italy to see. He felt a burst of joy and pain in him as he read the messy handwriting scribbled on the paper:
You are Holy Rome.