
Holy Rome finally noticed Italy as he was crumbling to the ground onto his knees. "I-Italy?" He said, and Italy felt something stab him in the heart. What was this feeling? "Oh." Holy Rome spoke again. "You're a... boy."
Italy's eyes were filling with tears. Was Holy Rome disappointed that he was a boy? Wouldn't it not matter if he was really in love with him? These thoughts picked at Italy slowly, eating him from the inside. For the second time, he wished he could get out of this hell.
"What's the problem with me being a boy?" Italy choked out. He barely recognized his own voice. Everyone seemed to hate him right now.
Holy Rome's face darkened. "You fooled everyone into thinking you were a girl. What good does that do to you?" He yelled.
"I... I didn't know everybody thought I was a girl." Italy whispered, then said it again louder. "I didn't know everybody thought I was a girl."
He merely rolled his eyes, which made Italy want to cry for about the millionth time since he'd entered this forest. Then something snapped in him as he realized something. If everyone thought he was a girl, then that might mean that the only reason Holy Rome loved Italy was because he thought he was a girl, not a boy.
He was only loved because he looked like a girl.
Instantly, Italy stood up and went up to Holy Rome and slapped him across the face. "You bastard." Italy growled. Out of the many times Italy had gone out of character, this was one of the worst. "Loving someone just because of their looks and gender. What the hell is wrong with you?"
Holy Rome looked utterly confused, although Italy knew that deep down, he'd been right. "I... I... I loved you for more than that, Italy. I'm not that dense, you know." He stammered.
"Then why don't you love me anymore?" Italy snapped back, then remembered that there was no more Holy Rome. Why did he even say that? There was no real answer to it.
But Holy Rome's reaction was surprising. "I never said I don't love you anymore, Italia." His voice was different, deeper, and had a German accent to it. Italy recognized it almost immediately. Then, Holy Rome changed into Germany. He was wearing the same outfit Holy Rome had been wearing, except this outfit was made for an adult.
"D-d-doitsu?" Italy stuttered, his hands shaking now. Germany is Holy Rome. Germany took Italy's hand and put it in his own. He nodded slightly. This wasn't real, Italy tried to convince himself. This couldn't be real.
Germany took a step closer, so that they were only a few inches apart. "I swear I had no idea I was Holy Rome. If I'd known, I would've told you right away." Germany said. Some feeling in Italy's mind made him wrap his free arm around Germany's neck and pull him closer, until their noses touched.
Some part of Italy wanted them to be closer, but the rest of Italy drowned that part out. Or, at least, it tried to. Italy whispered, "Do you love me, Germany?"
In reply, Germany said, "Yes, Italia, from the second I looked at you, you seemed so familiar. Finding you in the tomato crate was Holy Rome's way of signalling me. I couldn't love anyone else but you, Italia."
It seemed so unreal. Germany confessing his love to Italy like that, it was like a dream. Yet, it seemed so real, too. Both Italy and Germany started to lean into each other. Closer and closer, until-