
"Ember!" I heard my mother yell from downstairs. Madden's eyes went wide and I could say mine did, as well. Last time I checked my mother had fallen asleep on the couch. I motioned for Madden to stay quiet and made my way downstairs to check on my mother. I was sure that I had been caught sneaking Madden up to my room past midnight.
"Mom?" I said, turning the kitchens corner to the living room. She was doubled over, holding herself up with her elbow, the torn couch mostly supporting her. The hard wooden floor beneath her was soaked. She had gone into labor. At first, I was too stunned to help or even move.
"Ember, maybe help?" She asked with a laugh. Always keeping a positive attitude.
"Mom. There's nothing I can do," My father worked nights and we didn't own a phone nor did we own a car. Her smile fell as she held her small bump. "What can I do?"
"Honey, I'm going to need someone-" she paused and let out a slight whimper, "Go to a neighbors house. The Bowden's own a phone," she finished, sitting herself back down.
"Mom, that's two blocks away," I told her. I'm not fast. But I know someone who is. "You're going to kill me for this," I whispered to myself.
"What?"
"Madden!" I yelled. I heard his footsteps down the stairs. He was already running.
"What is Madden doing here?" She asked and then let out a scream.
"Let's not focus on that, Mom. He's going to run to the Bowden's because he is much faster. He'll call for help and Dad's work," she nodded, thankfully not dwelling on the fact I broke the law with Madden in my bedroom.
She lied back on the couch and Madden left the door, sprinting. All we had left to do was wait. I had always been uncomfortable in any situation that included nakedness but my Mom's panting began heavy and her whimpering came more often.
"Ember, she's not going to wait any longer. I need to push," she told me.
"Mom, no. I can't do this. They don't teach this in school. They did teach us that babies have to be carried nine months. Mom, you're only six," I said, more worried now for my little sister then having to deliver her with no knowledge of what to do.
"I know, I know. But she's not going to wait, Ember. You have too, please," she said, leaning back on our couch. "Go get some towels from the bathroom, hurry."
I ran to the bathroom and picked up some of our darker towels. I caught a glimpse of my reflection in the mirror. The dark circles under my aqua eyes show that Madden had kept me up the past few nights. My dark curls were plastered to my forehead and neck because of nervous sweats. I sprinted back to my mom. She leaned her hips up so I could place the towels underneath her then she lifted her nightgown up.
"Okay, mom. I'm uhm... I am ready," I said, placing my hands out.
"Ember, hold your hands closer. She's not going to shoot out at you," she whimpered. I was way to uncomfortable for this. I kind of hoped that a doctor would barge in before it got this far.
I placed my hands close to underneath her and she began to push. It took only two pushes before my sister was placed in my hands. She didn't cry and she was smaller then my right hand. Her black hair was slicked down with white liquid. There had to be something wrong, but despite her imperfections, she was beautiful. Her tiny fingers wrapped around my pinky, I stared stupefied at my sister. Caroline. My mother laid there, sleeping I guessed. Time moved slowly but I didn't. It felt like hours before I heard someone barge through the door. I still sat there, staring at the 4 pound baby girl and my still mother.
A doctor looked between my mother and myself. Then, came over to take my sister from my arms. My dad then came in, "Madden, take her to her room. Please," He looked at Madden with pain in his eyes. That was the last thing I seen before it all swirled into black.