
"Jurassic world is back, better and improved. We are working to meet your standards of entertainment! We will have trained Raptors, Monosaurus', we will have riding rings were your kids can have fun riding an actual Triceptor! And last but not lease trained T-rex's, we have some of the best trainers on the subject, so come and see .. Jurassic world." I rolled my eyes at the commercial on the TV... Really trained t-rex's?
They can't train a T-rex! That's insane... Dinosaurs at the least.
"I wanna go to Jurassic world." Olivia, my best friend says.
"Me too." My other best friend Lillian says.
"Are y'all stupid?" I ask.
"Come on Keylee, please i already sent in request to be a 'T-Rex trainer'." Olivia chuckles and my eyes widen.
"What?!" Me and Lillian screech at the same time.
"Oh don't be a baby, out of all the people who applied, do you honestly think they would pick us? Please... They're opening next year.. No way would they choose a bunch of amateurs to do that... Oh for our 'description' guess what i put... 'Living life like a T-rex'... Or keylee does anyways with your little arms and-"
"Would you shut up? Im not that short." I defend with a huff.
I look over at Lillian cackling with laughter.
She made some noise bringing her arms to her chest acting like a T-rex.
"HAHAHAHA!" Olivia says falling off the couch on her chest laughing.
"That's it i am done! Oh and Olivia, if we do get picked you're bait." I snapped walking off as they kept laughing.
-I woke up by the home phone ringing.
"Olivia! Get that you twit!" I yelled through our apartment.
"Fag face!" She yelled back and i heard ruffling.
"Shut the heck up!" I heard Lillian yell from her room.
The phone stopped ringing so i guessed Olivia got it.
I drifted back asleep at the sound of peacefulness.
{Olivia's POV}
"Fag face!" I yell back at Keylee walking into the kitchen picking up the phone.
"Hello? It is six o'clock in the morning! How may i freaking help you!" I snap into the phone.
"Hello, my bad... Down here it's eight. Hello, i am Claire.. I control most of what happens here at Jurassic World." I just shit myself.
"We looked over at your applications for the knew t-rex trainers.. And we would love to gave you, Keylee and um... Hold on.. Oh yes! Lillian come and train." My eye's widened.
"There will be someone to get you off the plane after your flight tomorrow... Enjoy! And can't wait to see you here!"
The call ended... Keylee is going to kill me.
I rushed into Lillian's room.
"Lillian!" I snapped in a whisper and she raised her head up.
"What?" She asked groaning dropping her head back onto the pillow.
"We got elected for T-rex trainers! What do we do?!" He head popped up with wide eyes.
"What! Oh no!" Now she was up and pacing.
"We leave tomorrow." I said.
{Keylee's POV}