
"WHAT!" I yelled.
"Look, i didn't know we would get picked okay?! Just lets just see what we have to do, you know we might just have to feed them and stuff." Olivia says.
"You ever think that maybe they had an opening for a reason?" I snapped.
"lets just get this over with okay? We act poorly at our job then boom they fire us okay?!" Lillian yells.
________________
I can not believe i am doing this! I slowly stepped off the plane with the girls following behind.
"ya know, we trained whales at sea world not freaking Dinosaurs." Lillian grumbled.
"Oh now the jokes are gone?" I snapped.
"Look at the bright side, there are some hot trainers." Olivia said.
"Especially raptor boy." She says handing me a brochure of the place with his picture in it.
"I call dibs." I say walking off to the lady holding a sign with our names.
"Hello! I'm taking you to Jurassic world, first you will have a house on the island for all three of y'all, it's away from the enclosures, and since you guys actually picked the hardest job, y'all obviously get paid more, and you can have free things, such as food from cafe's here and things like that, just don't take it for granted." The girl says and we nod.
After about and hour drive on the bus thing we entered the park and hopped into another vehicle.
"Y'all each will have a jeep like this, its our vehicles we use to get around... i'm Chloe and i made the return of Jurassic Park happen, if that's what you're wondering... crazy.. but money gets you around."
"Are you not worried that another mistake will happen like the last i don't know four times?" I snapped.
"First off, it's two times because there was only two parks but people made stupid decisions and i'm not gonna let that happen  this time." She says.
"Besides, you signed up for this i don't know why you did if you're worried." She says and i open my mouth to say i didn't but Olivia elbows me in the side in warning.
I just rolled my eyes crossing my arms.
We pulled up to a decent sized house and the girls actually squealed in excitement.
"here you are.. down the road there's a gate show your I'D's they are on the kitchen table along with your suits you have to wear... but enter the gate, keep going straight, then take a right and the end of that road and you'll see sector seven, it has a place for your id bar codes, scan them and you can enter.. that's the T-rex sector. When the door opens there will be stairs directly in front of you, follow them and at the top there's a door, when you enter there will be someone there with further information, you start your job today so quickly change and head off. Unpack later." We nodded at the information and head inside.
We quickly changed and clipped our ID's onto our front pockets and grabbed a set of car keys.
"we look like park rangers." Lillian says in disgust.
"Well maybe because we are!"  I say shaking my head and walked out to our car.
We all got in and followed the directions Chloe gave us and head up the stairs once we reached Sector seven.
I took a breath opening the door at the top of the stairs as we walked in and i looked around seeing a man staring out of the glass.
"Boys, great you're her-" he stopped talking once he seen us.