
Maddie's POV
I wake up to the sun shining through my window and an annoying alarm clock. Ugh. School. As of today, I am senior at Malakoff High School, in Malakoff, Texas. Yeah, I'm a Texan and a proud one at that. Malakoff is a small little town with a population of about 2,200. And my senior class only has about 80 people.
School doesn't bother me as much as other people because after High School, I will go to college and I will get to learn about my career. I plan on majoring in Nursing. I want to be a Neonatal Nurse. You know, the nurses that work with babies in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. I've been wanting to do that for awhile.
I roll out of my queen sized bed and trot to my en-suite bathroom. I put my iPhone on my iHome and hit shuffle. I quickly strip out of my pajamas and hop in the hot shower. I hum along to Ed Sheeran as I wash my hair and body. After I scrub myself clean, I quickly get out and wrap a towel around myself, walking into my walk-in closet. I scan my eyes around the room in search of an outfit. I decide on a pair of skinny blue jeans, a white tank top, red cardigan, and my cream colored Toms.
I grab my phone and keys, and run to my white Range Rover. My mom works as a doctor at a hospital, so she is rarely home. My dad is in the army and doesn't get to come home unless its a holiday or an emergency.
I pull out of my driveway and head towards Starbucks to get breakfast. I park my car and grab my wallet. I walk inside and order my usual: a french vanilla latte and a blueberry scone. After paying, I  get back into my car and drive to school.
When I arrive, I pull into the parking lot, and kill my car. I grab my backpack and breakfast, and lock my doors. I walk into the school 10 minutes before first period. I walk to my locker and see my best friend, Kinsey, waiting patiently for me. Kinsey and I have been best friends since kindergarten. We go way back.
"Hey Mads." Kinsey smiles. That's her nickname for me. I find it quite amusing.
"Hey Kins." I chuckle as I take a sip of my latte. She takes it from me a gets a drink. I roll my eyes at her.
"What should we do this weekend?" It's the first day back and she is already attempting to make plans.
I shrug. "I dunno. We could hang out at my house and have a movie night." Whenever we make plans we usually do it my house. You see, since my mom is a doctor, she gets paid pretty well. My dad gets paid some, too. Let's just say my house is pretty big and we're NOT poor. Quite the opposite, actually.
"Sounds good." She says, right as the bell for first period rings. I pull out my schedule and see that I have English first period. What fun, note the sarcasm.
Kinsey and I say our goodbyes and walk to class. When I arrive, I sit down in the middle of the room. I don't sit at the front because that's were the "goody-goodies" sit. Yeah, I'm a straight-A student, but I am far from being a goody-goody. The back is were the "bad-boys" sit, and I am not getting in with that crowd. I'm just normal. Not too bad, not too good. Average, I guess.
When the tardy bell rings, Mrs. Bullock, the English teacher, enters the class, with a boy walking behind her. I take in his appearance. He is absolutely gorgeous. With those piercing green eyes, curly brown locks, and dimples in his cheeks.
"Welcome back, students. I hope you all had a wonderful summer. We have a new student joining us this year. This is Harry. Harry Styles."
Harry shoots us a small side smile and a little wave.
"Now, class, I expect you to be polite and if he needs help getting around, you help him. He is new to the states. He moved here from England with his mother and sister."