
Oh so he's British. I like British boys.
"Alright now, Harry, you can take a seat anywhere you'd like. We don't have assigned seats." Mrs. Bullock smiles nicely. I watch him walk slowly towards the seat directly to my right.
I send him a warm smile and he kindly returns it.
Mrs. Bullock tells us that we won't be doing anything since it's the 1st day back. Not that we mind. I turn to my right and look at Harry.
"Hi. I'm Maddie." I say kindly, getting his attention.
He looks up and smiles at me. God, he is so gorgeous.
"Hello, love. I'm Harry." He says with a deep British accent.
"So. You're from England?" He nods. "Where in England, exactly?"
"Cheshire. Holmes Chapel, Cheshire."
"Oooh. Interesting. I've always wanted to go to England."
"Yes, it's a lovely place. Nice and homey." He says with a chuckle, showing his beautiful dimples. Dang. I wish I had dimples.
"So what made you move to little bitty ole Malakoff, and Texas in general?"
"Well, my mum got a job offer that was too good to turn down."
"Oh yeah? What does she do?"
"She is a nurse." (A/N I know this isn't true, but for the sake of the story let's pretend ;])
"Oh cool. My mom is a doctor. Did your mom get a job at a hospital or is it some sort of clinic?" I ask.
"Uh, a hospital. It's in the next town over, Athens, I believe is the name of it."
"Oh yes. My mom works there also. How cool is that?" I smile.
"Very" He returns the smile.
Athens is a bit bigger than Malakoff, with a population of 15,000, but still isn't a big city.
We chat some more until we hear the bell ring.
"Well, it was nice getting to know you, Maddie."
"Same to you, Harry."
We exchange phone numbers and walk to our next class.
***********
The next 4 classes fly by, and before I know it it's time for lunch. I go through the line and get a slice of pizza and a small salad, along with a bottle of water. I walk over to our usual lunch table where Kinsey is waiting with her lunch. The only people who sit at our table is Kinsey, her boyfriend Josh, and our friend Emma. Each table is circular, but it's quite big, being able to sit 5, so there is always an extra seat next to me.
I look around the cafeteria, and spot Harry looking for a seat.
"Harry!" I yell, getting his attention. His head whips my way and he smiles. I wave my hand, motioning for him to come sit with us. He slowly walks over and Kinsey shoots me a confused look.
He sits in the seat beside mine and I introduce him.
"Kinsey, Josh, Emma, this is Harry. He is new here. He moved here from England." I state in a matter-of-factly manner. "Harry this is my best friend, Kinsey, her boyfriend Josh, and our friend, Emma." I smile.
They all exchange waves and we eat our food. Josh and Emma are talking to Harry, when Kinsey turns to me, giving me a smirk.