
I'm waiting. I'm waiting 2 hours.For a man who is a manager of some band. I don't know exactly which one because he's going to tell me when I'll come into the room."Mia Blue" I heard my name.I came into the room.The manager has been sitting in front of the table. I took the place next to him."Please tell me something about you Miss Blue" he asked me."Hmm... So my name is Mia Blue, I'm 20 and I'm studying" I said."Where?" he asked."Cambridge School of Visual & Performing Arts" I answered.Silence.I'm in my own world but no longer than 3 minutes." I read that you worked as an assistant with other bands""Yes, I did.""So, you have to have experience" he said."Yeah, I think so" I said unsteadily."OKAY, so do you know why are you here?" he asked me."Yes" "I think that you're the best of those people who were here and was talking with me. I read many things about you and I think that you will we the best choice""Well, thank you" I blushed."So you will be the assistant of Arctic Monkeys band. Do you know who are they?""Yes, of course" I lay.
'I've worked with many famous people but who are they?! I don't know... Maybe I heard few times their songs, but now I can't sing them cause I don't remember any word of those songs.I really don't know them.' I thought.
"Everything alright Miss Blue?" man looked at me."Yes, sorry" I came back to the real world."Good, so tomorrow you're having meeting with them at 5.00 p.m. o'clock.If you have any problems please call me and I'll help you." "OKAY" I stood up and I wanted to go out."But please remember, you're only on probation I can always change you for another person" he warned me."OKAY, thank you and goodbye" I said and went out.
I'm happy because I have the work. But after meeting with the manger I have been thinking how will be tomorrow. I don't know them and they don't know me...All day I've tried to listening to their songs but either I haven't had wifi or everybody has called me in the same time.That was weird. I just want to go to bed and sleep.