
[Now]
I know you guys have your continents. That you are sure you are safe. But I promise you everything will change. I live in the year 3460. Where we live on a giant continent called Adora. It used to be called the America's and Africa. We live in the giant city of Knight. Bigger then what used to be London, New York, and L. A. combined. Knight is a collection of highrises, skyscrapers, subways, freeways and ruins of what used to be. It's huge, beautiful and most importantly dangerous. It is run by the gang Nerata.
There are all kinds of legends of how Nerata come to be. Most think it is created of what used to be political groups. That these groups create order in the city. That they are good. That they are trying to restore Knight. But then there are people like me. Those who know the truth. Those that are willing to speak the truth. Even if it means death. And maybe you will come to know the truth. Maybe you can help stop it before it comes true.
[The Future]
I look at me clock. It read 7:30. I jump out of bed "Shit!" I yell to the empty house. I look around my black bedroom. My eyes still blurry, my curtains still shut I stumble to my bright white bathroom. I look into the mirror "FUCK!" I definitely had a hangover. My bright yellow eyes were Bloodshot and I had bags under my eyes. I look at my black locks. I had sex hair. Yesterday night was blank. I do some light makeup and fix my hair. I turn on the light in my room and see a handsome man in my bed. I ignore him. Get dressed and run out.
I walk down the busy street. I wear my black hoodie and black pants. With combat boots to match. No one notices me. and that's how I like it. I get a little lost and I play with the gloves inside my jacket as I make my way to an alleyway. I would have to put them on soon. I hated this. Not my gloves or the place I was going to. No I hated the feeling of dread I got as I walked up to anyone. That if I touched them I would steal away something precious. I touch my shamrock necklace nervously. Sadly remembering.
"Heya toots." Says a sickening voice. I stop in my tracks. I'm almost there. The pamphlet said I would be safe. I turn to face a man with bright orange eyes. He winks. He's ugly and his breath stinks. "If you're on your way to ESOC. I suggest you tip the ferry master." I nod. I know what this meant. Take the most discreet way.
"If I must." I reply and hand him five Euro. He nods and opens a door. I step in and the entrance disappears. It takes all my strength not to scream. I quickly put on my gloves as I see I am surrounded by a wave of people. I look around. This time not as panicked and see I am in a train station like place except that the trains are clear plastic and well not everyone looks human. You see after the great change. People started adapting. Some already had the genetics. Others well they had some sort of freak accident. We developed powers and people got scared, could you blame them, some had scales and others, like me, were more discreet. But anyway you flip it the ones without powers persecuted us. Jealousy the elders pawned. But I just think they are scared.
I sit on the train. Alone. When the train starts to move I look up. I am surrounded by all different kinds of people. Some look no different from the regular humans up on the streets. Others look like dragons with scales and huge wings. And still others wear masks and cloaks. I look around and see a figure sitting across from me. It is in a black cloak. It's face hidden. All I can see is the ridiculously bright green eyes. I look down at my nice black leather gloves. Embarrassed. The ride takes ten minutes. When I hope off I look up in awe. There in a giant, humongous cavern. It has mirrors that reflect the sky and it feels like I am outside. It is 10 football fields wide and 20 deep. I start to walk on the sidewalk as I put my earphones in. I pass a gate with a sign that reads Einzigartig School of Cumhacht or the Unique School of Powers. I keep walking towards the school. I pass students reading or couples making out. I swallow hard. I hated being near so many. I walk to a more deserted place. And that is when everything goes black as Knight.

