
"I saw you with him in the cafeteria dani what were you doing with that guy" Molly says "I was walking in campus after my class. I was so tired to concentrate on where I was. I was so thirsty so I had to go and get some water. I opened my mirror to check out how I looked. I knew I've always looked horrible after physics classes but I needed to check out anyways. "Beautiful." "What?" "You look beautiful."I looked behind me to find the hottest boy in our school. Caleb. "I will receive that as a compliment". "I am Caleb." "Of course I know who you are". "I guess so. What's your name Rapunzel?"Rapunzel doesn't talk to strangers."Even if it's the most attractive guy in her school?0"That doesn't make him less stranger." I said with a small giggle. And then BOOM! He smiled. Wow? I haven't seen a smile like this before. So simple, so hot."I am Danielle anyways" "Danielle.. Nice to meet you..... Where are you going anyway?" "The cafeteria." "Would you mind if I came with you?" "Hum...No it's okay". "Do you have something to do tomorrow?" "I guess so. I have to study. Finals are soon?" "Just an hour ". "Okay. Why?" "So we can have lunch together" "When and where?" "Two thirty? And we can decide where tomorrow. Is it okay with you?" "I guess so." I've just agreed to hangout with a guy that I've just knew! Ohh . I opened my purse to pay for the water before he held my hand. "what are you doing?" I ask him "Paying for your water?" "I've just met you 5 minutes ago." "First of all I can't let you pay for anything when I'm with you. Plus we've met 7 minutes 20 seconds ago". "You're terrible" I giggled. "I know." He said. "I have a class now I should go, Later Caleb". "Later Rapunzel ". I walked to the dorm in a complete silence and that's it."I say "Hmm..why are you so happy".Molly says. "I am not happy" I say. "Liar. Look at the mirror and you will see your eyes shining 'pretty little lover' how cute you are." "Ohh just shut up. Are you going out or something?" "Yeah Damon is taking me to a dinner." "Aha...dinner". I laugh so loudly. "Yeah dinner! See you dani". And she shut the door close so I couldn't say one more word. Molly has been my friend for 3 months since I first came to NYU . And since we're in the same dorm so we are so close that we can be called 'besties'. Her and Damon have been together for 5 months. I believe they look so cute together. Molly is so flat to be called sexy but her blue eyes and blond hair that matches her freckles made her called beautiful. Unlike me. The difference between us is so clear. I am curvy, with pair of green eyes and really long red hair. So she's called the beauty and I'm called the sexy. And we're also different in personalities. I love being neat. My bed is always clean and my desk is always organized in the best way. Unlike her untidy bed and terrible desk. My phone starts buzzing right after I prepared my clothes for the shower. "Hey" "Hey Rapunzel ". "Caleb? Where did you get my number from". "Maybe you don't know me well . I can get everything whenever I want". "What do you want Caleb?" "I wanted to remind you of the date tomorrow ". "Date? Really " Is this how he is thinking. That I would go on a date with a stranger. Actually he isn't a stranger. He was my crush the first month I came to NYU but when I heard about him I hated him. But for him he has to know that he is a stranger. He will always be a stranger. "I was joking. Do you think I would go on a date with you? You're not even my type. It's just a normal hang out" ohh? Really....I am not his type! Wow. I hung up the phone. I shouldn't have talked to him. I shouldn't have accepted hanging out with him. I shouldn't have answered the phone. He didn't even call again to apologize. I don't care. He's a normal guy. Actually he's a man slut. He has slept with all the NYU girls. I don't care if he treated me bad. I don't care at all. It's 9:30 and that means I have to go to bed. I can't even take the shower that I have been willing for after that horrible day. Tomorrow is al long day. I have classes from 8 am till 3 pm. That means that I have too sleep well.