
Something rough and wet touches my cheek. The dog's growling stops, and when I lift my head to
look at it again, it is panting. It licked my face. I frown and sit on my heels. The dog props its paws up
on my knees and licks my chin. I cringe, wiping the drool from my skin, and laugh.
"You're not such a vicious beast, huh?"
I get up slowly so I don't startle it, but it seems like a different animal than the one that faced me a
few seconds ago. I stretch out a hand, carefully, so I can draw it back if I need to. The dog nudges my
hand with its head. I am suddenly glad I didn't pick up the knife.
I blink, and when my eyes open, a child stands across the room wearing a white dress. She stretches
out both hands and squeals, "Puppy!"
As she runs toward the dog at my side, I open my mouth to warn her, but I am too late. The dog
turns. Instead of growling, it barks and snarls and snaps, and its muscles bunch up like coiled wire.
About to pounce. I don't think, I just jump; I hurl my body on top of the dog, wrapping my arms
around its thick neck.
My head hits the ground. The dog is gone, and so is the little girl. Instead I am alone-in the testing
room, now empty. I turn in a slow circle and can't see myself in any of the mirrors. I push the door
open and walk into the hallway, but it isn't a hallway; it's a bus, and all the seats are taken.
I stand in the aisle and hold on to a pole. Sitting near me is a man with a newspaper. I can't see his
face over the top of the paper, but I can see his hands. They are scarred, like he was burned, and they
clench around the paper like he wants to crumple it.
"Do you know this guy?" he asks. He taps the picture on the front page of the newspaper. The
headline reads: "Brutal Murderer Finally Apprehended!" I stare at the word "murderer." It has been a
long time since I last read that word, but even its shape fills me with dread.
In the picture beneath the headline is a young man with a plain face and a beard. I feel like I do
know him, though I don't remember how. And at the same time, I feel like it would be a bad idea to
tell the man that.
"Well?" I hear anger in his voice. "Do you?"
A bad idea-no, a very bad idea. My heart pounds and I clutch the pole to keep my hands from
shaking, from giving me away. If I tell him I know the man from the article, something awful will
happen to me. But I can convince him that I don't. I can clear my throat and shrug my shoulders-but
that would be a lie.
I clear my throat.
"Do you?" he repeats.
I shrug my shoulders.
"Well?"
A shudder goes through me. My fear is irrational; this is just a test, it isn't real. "Nope," I say, my