
Today is the day when I find out what faction I am and, just so you know who I am im Melanie Eaton  but I go by mel.The beating have gotten worse since Tobias left Markus is mad that he left but what Tobias did was good.(Time skip to school)I was talking to my closet friend beatrice he father was also on the board with my "father" Markus. We hear a candor bullying  a abnegation "Cmon Beatrice we gotta help " I say.
Caleb held her back "Beatrice mind your own business"Caleb interjected.
"Ugh fine I'll do it myself" I responded "Hey you stop his parents aren't part if who decide it so its not his fault".
The candor looked at me in surpise "Mind your own business stiff" The candor said."No I won't he's part of my faction so stop ever heard of faction before blood  so im only telling you one back off"I respond."fine"The candor growls.I walk off(time skip to testing)"Melanie Eaton" The announcer  says.
I go into the room where a womam is.
"hello im Tori ill be your test giver today" she said.
"okay" I respond
She comes and sticks a needle on my collar bone. I wake up in a room full of mirror tori is there.
"pick" in her hands she holds cheese and a knife.
"What?!?!" I ask but she disapears and then a big dog A dog with a pointed nose stands a few yards away from me. It crouches low and creeps toward me, its
lips peeling back from its white teeth. A growl gurgles from deep in its throat, and I see why the
cheese would have come in handy. Or the knife. But it's too late now.
I think about running, but the dog will be faster than me. I can't wrestle it to the ground. My head
pounds. I have to make a decision. If I can jump over one of the tables and use it as a shield-no, I am
too short to jump over the tables, and not strong enough to tip one over.
The dog snarls, and I can almost feel the sound vibrating in my skull.
My biology textbook said that dogs can smell fear because of a chemical secreted by human glands
in a state of duress, the same chemical a dog's prey secretes. Smelling fear leads them to attack. The
dog inches toward me, its nails scraping the floor.
I can't run. I can't fight. Instead I breathe in the smell of the dog's foul breath and try not to think
about what it just ate. There are no whites in its eyes, just a black gleam.
What else do I know about dogs? I shouldn't look it in the eye. That's a sign of aggression. I
remember asking my father for a pet dog when I was young, and now, staring at the ground in front of
the dog's paws, I can't remember why. It comes closer, still growling. If staring into its eyes thats are full of aggravation.
My breaths are loud but steady. I sink to my knees. The last thing I want to do is lie down on the
ground in front of the dog-making its teeth level with my face-but it's the best option I have. I
stretch my legs out behind me and lean on my elbows. The dog creeps closer, and closer, until I feel
its warm breath on my face. My arms are shaking.
It barks in my ear, and I clench my teeth to keep from screaming.