
Hey guys! The purpose of this chapter is so that you can get to know the 1D extended family and how they behave - building character. Written with the help of Divergent_kiwi

"SEX. SEX. SEX." That all I could hear from the idiots downstairs, who sounded like they were making a chant. Although I wouldn't be surprised if they were. I reached for my phone to film them.
Then I realised I couldn't find my phone. Suddenly a thought struck my mind, they might have my phone.......
"HARRY! WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH FRIKKIN MY PHONE!" my voice rang through the house that I was sharing with my brothers and their friends.
I could here all five of them laughing their asses off like there was no tomorrow, "NOTHING." He shouted back.
Damn, they FUDGESUKKINBALLZ annoy the crap out of me sometimes. Who am I kidding? They annoy me all the time!
My name is  Lyric Horan. Yes, I'm Niall Horan's half sister, we happen to have the same dad. I am also Harry's half sister - same mother. Crazy right?
"I know you have it. You always mess with my twitter and stuff. Where is it?" I asked, walking into the lounge and tackling him.
"Luv you might want to look at your twitter" Zayn yelled at me
"I CAN'T DO THAT IF I DON'T HAVE MY FUDGENUGGET PHONE!" I yelled.
"Li, you realise you can use your laptop right?" That was Louis, or Louise as I liked to call him.
"But I want my phone back anyway!" I said, they just snickered.
"Fine you asses, but don't come crying back to me when bad stuff happens to you" I yell back at them. Before I have a chance to hear what they would yell at me I slammed the door so hard that I bet they could feel the vibration from downstairs.
I opened my door again, quietly, and went into Harry's room. I thought I'd take something of his that he can't live without. His bandana collection. I thought I'd hide them where he wouldn't find them. In my TAMPON DRAWER! I know amazing hiding place, right? No one would look there, and the boys hated me mentioning my period so I doubt they would look there. I mean, they always messed with me when I was grumpy, being like "Are you on your period?" or something like that, but they hated it when I corrupted them with...details.
A few minutes later, Harry came running up the stairs and entered my room.
"What the hell? Have you ever heard of this thing called knocking?" I asked.
"Yeah, right, sorry." he said
"Yeah for all we know you could have been masturbating or using a dildo." Zayn said from behind Harry with the rest of the guys.
"MASTURBATE, MASTURBATE IN FRONT OF US!" They chanted. I swear today was their day for chanting sick stuff to do with sex!
"Or I could help." Louis said, stepping forward.
"No thanks, Louise. I'm not a lesbian." I smirked at him, he had his mouth wide open, while the other doubled over laughing.
"Shut your trap you might catch flies." I said sarcastically.
"Okay...... well anyway we came up here to ask if you wanted Nandos for dinner and if you had looked at your twitter yet, by the way here's your phone" Liam said with a look of sincerity in his eyes, just making me question what the FUDGEBALLS they did with my twitter.
"Thanks? I'll have the Classic Chicken Wrap and a diet coke" I said, not sure if I should be happy or scared.