
HALEY'S POV:  It's been a week since Zayn proposed and I still don't have an answer. I feel like I should say yes, but at the same time I feel like I should say no because I love him, but I'm only 18. I need an answer by Friday. "Morning Lovely," Zayn says, walking up behind me and swaying my hips to the beat of the music. It is slow, and perfect, and romantic. "Morning, baby," I say, smiling my sleepy smile. We just stand there an sway, back and forth, until the song is over. The next song, "Marry Me" by Jason Derulo, comes on, and he turns me to face him, and we slow dance. Once the song is over, we sit on the couch, and just stare into each other's eyes. "I love you. You know that right?" Zayn says to me, tracing small circles on my neck with his thumb. "Yes. I love you. I will have an answer by Friday," I say, looking down at my ring. "That's my girl," he says, standing up as smacking my bum. "Hey!" I joke around, acting as if he has just walked in on a naked woman. "My apology ma'am." He jokes, taking his shirt off. His scar is quite scary, and sometimes makes me wanna forget about Isaac. But it's like I can tell when Isaac is thinking about me. Lately, I feel like he's been thinking about me all the time. "Care to take a shower with me?" Zayn asks me, reaching his hand out to me. "No thanks." I say, pushing his hand away. "Come on, PLEASE!?!?! I've already seen most of- you!" He jokes around. I away at his arm, and we walk to the room.ZAYN'S POV:  Wow. I knew she would some day, but I didn't think she would today! I tug down my sweatpants, and go to turn on the shower. Shortly after, Haley comes in with a robe on. "You can't possibly shower with a robe-" I say, being cut off by Haley's body. She drops the robe, and steps in the shower. My eyes can't help but take up and down her body. Her breasts are grabbable, and her bum has cute little dimples on them. The way the water hits her tan skin makes her look so- graceful. She looks up and smiles at me, and I kiss her. "Can I tell you something?" Haley asks, looking around nervously. "Yeah. Baby you can tell me anything." I say, reassuring her. "Well- I am- a er- virgin..." She awkwardly says. I am not going to laugh. Though its hard not to! I have never had a Virgin. "So? What do you want me to do? Show you?" I ask, trying to joke. "Well-..." She awkwardly looks around again. My eyes widen at the statement, and I nod, and hug her. I grab the shampoo, and scrub her hair...HALEY'S POV:  Is this actually happening? I dry off as Zayn goes to the bedroom. I brush my hair, and prepare for what might be the most mature experience of my life...