
Disclaimer: characters belong to Rick, the plot is mine though
Percy's POV
I was staring at the ring that I was going to give Annabeth next week on my birthday. It is stunning, Aphrodite and Hephaestus helped make it. It was silver with an owl that had green diamonds for eyes, ingraved on the inside was : As long as we're together.
Suddenly I saw Nico running towards me. 'Found.... son.... of.... Poseidon', he panted clutching a stitch in his chest. I gave him a huge smile, I had a half-blood brother? I bolted after Nico to the porch of the big house. Sure enough, there was a guy with dark brown hair and sea green eyes almost the exact shade of mine. He looked about 17. I bet we were going to be great friends. How wrong I was.
----time skip one week later----
Turns out that Taylor (my half brother) was a huge jerk. His ego was ten times as big as Ares's and I had thought that that was impossible. For some reason the campers really liked him though. He started talking everybody into thinking that everything was my fault, the wars etc.
It all started small, him stealing things and pinning it on me, until he slowly convinced them I was a bad person. People started glaring at me, throwing stuff and calling me names.
One night I was walking down at the lake to clear my thoughts, since I couldn't find Annabeth. She has been avoiding me lately. Suddenly I heard movement and ten Ares campers grabbed me from behind. I was struggling like mad, but they were too strong. Then Taylor walked up to me, a dagger in his hand, his eyes glinting cruelly. He started slashing at me and I couldn't move, but I wouldn't cry out, I wouldn't give him the satisfaction. Then he whispered 'It's all your fault, you could have saved your friends. You are selfish, anyone would've done better. They all blame you, they all know who you really are, a monster. You let everyone die to protect you, they'd all still be alive. Your a murderer, you betrayed us all. All your fault!' With that he started carving the word Traitor on my arm. I wanted to cry, not because of the physical pain, but the mental. He had voiced all of my fears... they blamed me, it was my fault. I could've saved them, could've done better. I started to cry and the Ares kids dropped me with satisfaction. I ran into my cabin and lay there, crying, the words on my arm hurting like hell. For the first time I didn't dream.
----------line break------------
I woke up feeling miserable, but at least I had my wise girl. I made my way to the Athena cabin when I knocked, nobody answered. I peeked through the Window and saw a truly horrifying image. It was Annabeth, being undressed by none other than Taylor. NO NO NO NO NOT MY WISE GIRL! 'GET YOUR HANDS OFF HER!' I yelled. Annabeth glared at me, 'Leave me alone, I want to be with someone who didn't destroy our lives.' At these words my heart shattered into a million peaces. I threw the box with the ring at her and ran. I was surrounded by campers and they yelled:
'Traitor'
'It's all your fault'
'Leave!'
I ran from my old family, crying. I had to visit my mom right now.
------line break-----
I knocked on my mother's appartement door. No answer. Fear flooded me. 'Mom? Paul?' I yelled, still no answer. I kicked open the door and saw my mother and Paul on the floor, lying in a pool of blood. Their eyes were wide open. I fell to the floor next to my mom. 'NOOOO NOT MY MOM, MOOOM! Come back to me, please ...' I whispered. I had gotten someone killed again. I gently closed my mother's and Pauls eyes. I leaned in to kiss my mom's for head when I saw a flash of light and was suddenly on Olympus in the throne room.
'Perseus Achilles Jackson, you are hereby exiled from Olympus for the murder of Sally Jackson and Paul Blofis!' Zeus thundered. I as good as killed them, so I didn't protest. My dad yelled in disgust 'You are no son of mine! I, Poseidon, god of the sea, disown you as my son.' He ripped Riptide from me and kicked me into the elevator. ~~time skip 1 hour (btw it's Percy's birthday~~
I was tired and emotionally dying. I was running from a few hellhounds and then I stopped, realizing that there was no reason for me to carry on. I watched the hellhounds and the last thing I saw were claws, before I died.
So what do you think? Continue or nah?