
The dishwater burns my hands as I scrub off the last bit of tomato sauce from the plate in front of me.  I hear my father laugh from behind me. My family sits around the dinner table, playing a card game I don't recognize. I didn't want to take all the time to learn it, so I just volunteered to clean up instead. I like doing the dishes anyway; it gives me time to think.
I let my mind wander as I rinse the dishes I've washed so far. I think about my sixteenth birthday, which is tomorrow. It's truly hard to believe I'm going to be sixteen. I feel like I'm too young. It's like I haven't gained the amount of experience necessary to be a sixteen year old. I also look to young. I have a soft face and body, and I'm fairly short. The only physical trait that points to my correct age are my hips, which deliver a large curve to my body. I usually wear long sweaters and shirt to cover that aspect.
"Daisy!" I hear my father's hard voice from the table.
"Yes, Dad?" I ask.
"Are you done with those dishes, yet?" he asks.
"Almost," I reply.
"We're going to play another round, so if you'd like, you can talk a walk once you're finished," my father suggests.
My heart skips a beat for just a second. "That's sounds like a great idea. I think I will." He doesn't reply, and I know he's been drawn back into the game. A smile creeps onto my face and I scrub the few remaining dishes with a new burst of energy. I can see Collin. I've known Collin for five years, and he means everything to me, next to my family of course. My smile grows even wider as I picture his smile in my mind.
Once the dishes are finished, I dry my hands and rush to the back door. I throw on my coat and say a quick good-bye to my family before stepping out the door. The cool breeze rustles my hair as I close the door behind me. I'm glad I grabbed my coat. I make my way to the trail leading into the woods behind my house. Memories flood my mind as I walk down the trail to me and Collin's meeting place. I have a memory with every one of my four siblings in these woods. I look up to the apple tree that my older brother Bradley and I used to climb almost every day. Bradley is the clown of the family. Always trying to make us laugh. His ultimate goal is to get Graham and our father to laugh as much as possible; they're both so serious.
Graham is the oldest of the five Walters children. He is a true reflection of our father; serious, logical, protective, but still loving. Our father is a lawyer, and Graham is following in his footsteps. Then there is Bradley, who, like I said before, is the true clown of the family. He's always cracking jokes at the dinner table, or adding sarcastic comments to any story anybody tells. The middle child is Deacon. A man of few words. He doesn't really enjoy any sort of interaction with people he doesn't know well. He really only sticks to his siblings and his parents. My sister, Trinity, came along a few years later. She's very artistic, like our mother. She and mom always create paintings together, and all of them always come out beautifully.
Then there's me; the youngest. I'm not one of those stereo-typical-youngest-sibling kids who don't know what to do with their life. I know exactly what I'm going to be; a doctor. I've always dreamed of going to med school. I already know which college I'm going to apply to and everything. Although though I'm only a sophomore, it's a good feeling to know I already have my future planned.
As I walk through the dark trails, I text Collin to let him know I'm able to meet up. I know he'll be there before I am; he always is. I never thought I would have a guy who would rush to meet me somewhere; I always thought of myself as the girl who would never have one of those incredible love stories that everyone wishes they have. Although I still don't have something like that, I'm happy with what I have, because I have Collin Dolan's love.
My footsteps mix with the calming sounds of the stream as I make my way toward the small, rundown cabin Collin and I call ours. I grin as I look at it. This is where it all happened. Where I fell in love with him. When I realized that I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. My grin grows even wider as I see Collin step out from the entrance of the cabin.

