
Im not exactly crazy. In fact Im not crazy at all. I don't think that labeling me as a basket case would do much in the long run anyways. At least for most people.You know the people who are labeling others just to live their own dreams. Living their own perfect reality. Tearing others down so everything makes sense.I am just the person who wants no more false words only said to keep secrets. No more promises not able to be kept sung in lullaby's.The world is ruled that way so people who think all others are inferior can judge who is and is not worthy of a human life. I want to change it all so they can't judge me through there eyes without a clue of who I really am.I wish that I can walk through the world knowing a few things as I walk through the streets.That's when I know I can make my move. Stand up and speak for what I truly believe is actually right. People can't be critics when they hate everything anyways.I just­.My hand roughly pokes into the paper I had been writing my thoughts down on. I look down darkly at the little leather bound book. I had just begun to write down my true thoughts.I look down at my hands. My right hand currently holding my pen currently splattered with ink.I wince at the thought only thinking maybe I had been writing more harshly than intended.I sigh exasperated and frustrated. I shake my head softly trying to rid my head of my current thoughts. I jump in my seat alarmed by the blaring noise coming from the school like system holding warning blares telling us all what we do when to do it.We all quite clearly knew what would happen if we actually defy the system.To put it lightly nothing good. I look at my watch to see what time it is. I look back up in shock. I would be in huge trouble very soon if I didn't move very quickly. I quickly push back on my desk moving my chair outwards paper and pencil left in the dust.I quickly rush to my left hoping into my bed. Also called a bed frame filled with sheets. I quickly regret my jump at he left side of my body roughly hits the frame. I groan in pain and at my stupidity.My bed begins to groan at my weight. I hear the cities alarm go off once more telling me to fall asleep. I begin muttering at the inanimate object rather profusely."I will go to bed when I feel like going to bed not when you tell me to get into my freaking bed!"I sigh trying to pinpoint the exact moment when my hatred for the city had become so great in quantity.I am met with no time exactly. I soon give up on the idea as I figure it had been a growing feeling for quite a time.I soon try to fall asleeponly to be met with insomnia. I turn over to face my door laying on my stomach.I face upwards on my back head turned towards my window. I laugh quietly to myself thinking to myself.'What a nice view of the side of a crumbling brick building.'I roll onto my side inhaling a huge gust of air and exhaling with dramatized gusto. I roll back over onto my back looking up to my ceiling. I wonder if the stars will ever appear again.I stumble down the run down orphanages stairs. The kitchen is on the right of me front door to the left. I look at the kitchens table food on its surface.I scrunch my nose in disgust. The food was most likely paid by the cities tax money. Or from peoples pity. But as my stomach growls I am reminded that I have to get through life somehow.I grab a piece of toast before running out if the front door not bothering to look back. I walk down the sidewalks paved once smoothly cracked now by war that I don't know the details of. I forcefully shove my toast into my mouth kicking at stray rocks littering my path.I start thinking angrily to myself.Why can't any of us know. I mean we deserve to know why all of these rules are put in place. They can't keep us in secret forever! But I shake my head softly before chuckling lightly to myself. There is no such thing as letting us the civilians know such tremendous things. I kick another rock angrily.I go on like this the rest of my walk to the academy. I just walk at mutter. Stumble and stutter.I only stop when I almost trip on the first stair of my snobby schools stairs leading to the front doors. I catch myself balancing out my slip up.I stomp up the front stairs. I run into a wall. I look up angrily about to yell at the inanimate object. But to my surprise its just my one and only crush staring down at me with a smirk on his face.But crush or not I was getting ready to yell at something and I was going to finish my job. I put on my best You seriously are going to regret this face on. Then the bomb touches the ground."Watch where you are going you stupid human giant!"......................................................This is my book and I hope yall like it tell me what yall think it would mean a lot to me
-Sydney