
Bethany's PovI woke up to the alarm next to me on my shelf I turned around and turned it off I got up and got in the shower and after 15 minutes I came out and the clock read 7:25. I put on a white shirt black skinny jeans and white high top converse and a grey sweater with a black beanie and I put on some make up as my usual just mascara and a little bit of foundation. I looked at the time and it was already 7:45 I grabbed my backpack and rushed out the room I ran down the stares to be greeted by my dad sitting down in the kitchen table and drinking coffee. I grabbed an apple and said bye to my dad and told him I'll be home at 6:00 because I had football practice after school.
When I got to school my friend Becky ran up to me and she seemed really excited. "why are you so happy out of nowhere?" I said "the Beckham's are here and Brooklyn is going to be attending our school!!" All I said was "oh" I didn't really care about boys or anything all that was important to me was football.
Brooklyn's PovAs I walked in a lot of girls started to run towards me but a girl walking in caught my attention and her friend ran up to her and seemed really excited about something.
Bethany's Pov The bell rang and I ran off to class and I walked in and sat down. As I was taking out my notebook from my backpack I heard our teacher Mr. Ram say "Brooklyn you will be sitting next to Bethany and that will be your seat for the rest of the school year" I groaned and said "oh great". I looked at him and he smiled and I just rolled my eyes at him. I kinda felt bad I didn't even know him and I was already being rude.
Brooklyn's Pov I smiled at her and she rolled her eyes at me I kinda felt upset, she didn't even know me and she was being mean to me. I sat down and said "hello my name's Brooklyn" and I stuck my hand out for her to shake and all she said was "hi" and turned around and continued doing what she was working on. .............................................(After school)
Bethany's PovNow for the best part of the day I said to my self. I ran to the locker room to get change into my practice cloths I was the first one outside I was just kicking the ball at the net until someone from behind me says "do you mind if I kick the ball around too?" I turned around and it was Brooklyn. "sure" I replied. ..........................................(After practice) Bethany's Pov When practice was over I was walking home until someone yelled " hold up" I turned around and of course it had to be Brooklyn. I stopped and just gave a fake smile. When he caught up to me he said "do you mind if I walk home with you? I just nodded my head and as we walked home it was an awkward silence until he said "what's your name?" I kept staring at the ground and said "Bethany Miller" and I looked up to him and he said "what a beautiful name for a beautiful girl." I stayed silent until I spoke and said "thank you for walking with me" he looked at the house I stopped on and said "do you live here? "Yes I do" "I live two house from here" he said. I looked and remember that house was on sell and I guessed his family bought it." Well I guess I'll be seeing you around" I said and waved. I walked in the house and went up to my room threw my backpack and jumped on my bed and drifted off to sleep.