
I was walking in the dark alleys at night with my navy blue hood covering half of my face. The alleys continued until I turned right and stopped at a dead end. I finally found home.
I walked over and placed my belongings in the dusty corner and laid my mattress I found a couple weeks ago alongs the side. I was damn tired, but my work here wasn't done.
I walked forward a couple steps forward and stared down. I focused my mind and raised my arms. The brick walls started to form in front of me, leaving a space where the door would be. It towered up and up until it reached to the mark where it stopped. I pulled my arms down and looked up. I focused once more and I raised my palm outwards towards the empty space and a door darted into the empty space and fitted perfectly.
I yawned and turned around to get to sleep. I laid down and covered myself in my warm blanket. Today was such a hard day.
Before~I was running as fast as I could away from the mentally insane man, holding a broom and trying to smack me. He was wearing a brown apron, black slippers, and a red band across his forehead. He totally doesn't have a sense of style.
"Come back here, Omega! Give me back those clothing and cans of food," the man spatted. I stole those to survive since everyone knows I'm homeless, but I'll make a home later. And I really mean MAKE.
My name is Omega Hemphrey. I am 11 years old and my parents died from cancer. I was gifted with some kind of powerful magic and illusions that helped me out the way. I live in Rachel, Nevada. A really small town that the population is only 54. I was wanted for 2 years do to my awesome actions of stealing belongings and disappearing before they catch me.
I stopped and turned around. The man smirked and was going to smack me. All of a sudden, a white flash gloom on me and I vanished before he did it. I teleported to the alleys near a small abandoned hotel called, Shacks. I started walking along as the shadows swallowed me in.
The Man's POV~
I placed my belongings on the bench behind me and turned around to serve my customers. After a few minutes, I caught a glimpse behind me at the corner of my eye and I turned sharply and saw Omega hugging my belongings in her arms. Her dirty blonde hair was hidden her her navy blue hoodie and her light blue eyes sparkled.
She saw me looking at her and she cursed silently before sprinting away. "Come back here, Omega! Or there will be consequences for you," I shouted. Everyone around the area looked at us with shocked faces. I took my broom and started chasing after her.
My apron was flapping against my body and I almost tripped since I am wearing slippers while running. All of a sudden, she stops and turns to face me. Now is my chance! I flung the broom at her but something white flashed on her and she vanished as I finally flung in thee air.
There was a long silence until everyone went back to their work. I sighed in disappointment and walked back to my shop. The customers said that I would get my things back one day. I just nodded and sat on the bench. I told them they could come back later since I need some rest. My family photo was in my man-purse and now I lost it. I tried to keep in the tears but failed.
A tall teen walked by and saw me. He walked over and sat beside me on the bench. There was a long silence until he faced me and smiled. He let out his hand and said,
"Esther Henwicks. Nice to meet you!"
"Donald Lupin. Did you see me running down the pathway?" I shook his hand.
He nodded and laughed, but stopped after he saw me not laughing too. "Don't worry, I will help you get your things back!"