
Walking up a flight of stairs that lead to aunt lulus house, I stop to admire everything she had. She had what every kid wanted. A home and family. I walk up to the white door and knock twice. Then I heard footsteps coming closer and closer. Someone answered the door. It was aunt lulu"Why it isn't my favorite niece, come on in Hanna," she insisted, motioning her hand in the doorway."Now the kitchen is to your left, living room to your right, both yours and mine upstairs, and your own bathroom," she said walking into the kitchen. I sat my apricot book bag on the floor next to my black,Campari,and cameo pink Nike shoes. I walk into the living room, the carpet light brown. I sit on the couch and take my black socks off. The warmth of the carpet and how soft it was, made me feel like I was in heaven. I hadn't been in a house, or even a building for months. I lay back and take the remote from the coffee table. "Uh. Aunt lulu," I say in an low voice," how does this work?""Oh," I hand the remote to her and she starts pressing buttons," all that you'll need to know is these buttons, 1 7 and 4. Ok."She hands back the remote and I press 1 7 and 4 like told and my little pony comes on. "I'm not eight, I'm fourteen!" I yell across the living room, hoping she could hear me from the kitchen. She walks in and stares at me for a moment and walks back into the kitchen. Ignoring anything I had to say, I just watch what was on. After an hour of my little pony, I get up and reach for my sketchbook in my bag. I scan each page, remembering every bit of it. It was my childhood. My parents had given it to me as a present one Christmas, and I drew and noted many things in it. Most of the drawings were my dreams, but some were nightmares. Finding a blank page, I took my time to look around the living room. A high white and gold ceiling fan. A flat screen TV on the carnelian wall and paintings big and small. One of the paintings my mom had painted, it's canvas perfect, like she. I loved my parents dearly, but when they left, I felt like they didn't love me. They left when I was twelve, both had which said ' we'll be back soon, we promise ' but never came back. Staying at my brothers house for awhile, he left saying he had to meet someone very important, which was probably some stupid whore he had got a call from. So he left as well. I stayed home for days which then turned to weeks. Then I just left, taking all his money he had in drawers and piggy banks. Making my way to Denver, Colorado, taking buses and subways. Finally, where I'm at now, my only aunt, aunt lulu, took me in and now I live here. So I start drawing, with my new mechanical pencil I got from a kid for one dollar. Every little thing in this house I drew, so I went upstairs to both mine and lulus room, drawing. It calmed me, drawing. ' It was a gift from god ' my mother would always say. ' never loose it, for it will protect you ' I always thought at some point in time, I would see my mother again. But for two years, it's hard to keep thinking that. For even I didn't know where my brother, my only brother, Harley was. Or if he was still alive. So I lay on my bed drawing the rest of my new room. It, was of course, pink. Salmon pink, hot pink, and cameo pink like my shoes. Even the bed, little white and pink stripes, with a purple pillow case. Hearing foot steps walk up the creaking wooden stairs, I sit up and put my sketchbook aside on my nightstand. My aunt opens the door slightly and sees me sitting on my bed. Then she fully opens it and walks up to me with a small box. It was a white rectangular shaped box. She sat on my bed and handed it to me. I unwrapped it and saw on the front an iPhone 5c and on the side the words ' IPhone 5c '"Do you like it dear?" She asked staring at me with wide eyes. "Oh I love it!" I turned and hugged her with it to my chest. "I haven't ever had a phone before, again, thanks!"Oh, anything for you dear, anything," she said staring at me all weird now. I ignored it though and opened it up. It was amazing. She also handed me a beautiful Celeste phone case. I was in love, I put it on and turned my new phone on. "How did you even know I would be coming, cause this is new?" I asked waiting for the phone to turn on. "Oh, yeah," she said turning her head a little, "I just had one of those magical feelings inside that you would show up to my door. It's not like I've been waiting years and years for you to come." She got up and walked out my room, not saying a word after. Yes it weirded me out but hey, new phone. So I was on my phone, customizing it as I look through. I stopped at 'contacts' I didn't even know anybody. But when I opened it up, it had one contact in it, 'dear' I blinked a couple times, was this actually real? A brand new phone, never opened or even turned on, have my aunts contact in it. So I clicked on the contact an it had all her info. Number email birthday and in notes it said ' your dear aunt is here to help 'I didn't wanna be called or even call her dear anymore. It sounded weird. So I just deleted the contact and went down stairs to ask her for her number so it wouldn't be all. Weird. As I proceeded down, I heard tiny noises coming from her bedroom. So I walked back up and put my eye in the keyhole. Barely seeing through, I saw her sitting on her bed with a knife in hand, slowly cutting at her arm. Why was this happening, what happened to the good old aunt I used to know and love. This was crazy. So I opened the door and everything was normal. She was laying on her bed taking a nap, no knife in hand and not a knife at all. What was this I was having, a dream, or nightmare...