
Its been a week since my parents passed and I've done nothing but pack despite what my "friends" say to me. They're fake, and they're not helping me at all with my grief. I have to go all the way to Seoul, in Korea, I guess it's good I'm almost fluent in Korean. Right? Argh! I hate it I don't even know my family there. They are pure Korean. Me, I look like an absolute foreigner; red hair, pale skin, green eyes, I'm medium height 5'4, I have curves, and boobs. Unlike those girls there I don't have to be perfectly respectful to guys. Ha!
"Miss. Du Blanc, it's time to go. Your stuff will be there before you so you don't need to worry about that." My Butler said as I walked out of my room in a white sweater dress and black tights with a beret, various jewelry, and black stilleto knee high boots. "Thank you Jacob, I'll miss you the most. My only true friend." I sighed. "Thank you Miss. Ill miss you too." He said opening the limo door for me. I'm rich and my mother was a famous model OK. Don't judge me. "Please drive fast Jacob, I can't stand to look at that house any more I just want to get to Korea at the moment." I said stiffly. "Yes Miss." He replied speeding off to the airport.
"Miss we're here. Your plane is 401 international it leaves in half an hour." He said as I stepped out putting my sunglasses on. "Thank you." I said fighting back tears as my lifelong friend hugs me before I pull away and run to the terminal. I don't want to go. I don't know my uncles family. I don't know the school. I don't want to be an outcast. I want to stay here and be popular and loved by everyone. I need my mom!
I'm on the plane now and we're about two hours into the flight. I'm so sleepy but I can't seem to sleep. I'm in my own plane compartment but I feel like I'm not alone. Gah! I'm going insane. I'm alone in this world and I know it.
Ahhhhh I fell asleep. But it felt good I guess. I was awoken by a stewardess telling me " We've landed Miss." And all I could think of was oh my God I slept through the entire plane ride. "Thank you I'll be going now." I said leaving the plane and seeing my name the on a card in English thankfully. "Are you Miss. Lacey?" The man asked. "Yes are you here to bring me to my uncle?" I returned. "Yes, this way to the car Miss." He started walking away.
20 minutes later
"Miss. Were here." The driver said stopping in the drive way of a mansion. Oooh it's pretty, a brick structure with black and white accents. "Wow it's nice." I mumbled. "Lacey? Oh my look at you you're so grown up! I'm your aunt Lee Sue. You're uncle is inside his name is Lee man-ah. Just call him uncle Lee OK." She said ushering me into the foyer. "Darling Lacey's here." She called. "What! Lacey oh my look at you. Just like your mother. Come on dear well show you your room so you can unpack. Oh can you drive?" He asked on the way to my room. "Yes, why do you ask uncle Lee?" I returned. "I got you a motorbike for school." He said as we arrived at my room. The room is huge, it has a walk in closet, it's own bathroom, and is already unpacked. All except my clothes. The room is chic, black and white wallpaper and white carpet. All the furniture is black wood. "Its so pretty thank you uncle Lee." I called down the stairs as I explored finding a door to a balcony over looking a lake. I guess I wasn't the only one enjoying the view because when I looked over to the neighbouring mansion a teen age boy was standing there looking at me. GREAT. What a nice way to meet someone.
"Lacey! Dinners ready. Come and eat." I heard. "Coming aunt  Sue." I returned as me and the boy continued to stare at each other. I broke my stare and ran inside, in stilettos might I add. "Aunt Sue who lives next door?" I asked. "Oh that is the Park house. Why?" She inquired as I ate my salad. "No reason. I start school tomorrow right?" I asked changing the subject. "Yep, you can take your motorbike if you want or I could drive you." Uncle Lee said. "No I'll drive." I said getting up to shower and do my nails. Nails first and I'll do those on the balcony at my table, I'm guessing for breakfast. "Okay so I'm wearing this?" I questioned looking at the uniform. "Aunt Lee! Do I really have to wear this it's so so uniform." I whined coming out to the balcony where she was sitting helping me lay stuff out for school. "Well yeah your not in England anymore dear. You have to wear uniforms." She said sweetly obviously trying to coaxe me into wearing it. "Ugh! Fine but I hate it. Can I choose my shoes?" I asked hopefully. "They have to be black though, but yes." She replied as my face lit up. "Yes!" I shrieked as the Park boy walked onto the balcony groggily. "Hey I'm trying to sleep please shut up." He said as I laughed and went inside with aunt Sue.