
I screamed to be let go, but nobody would do that. I was finally stood up on a wooden platform with three other women; a white woman I knew lived with a large family, a slave, and a servant. One by one the four of us were pushed in. The white woman drowned, the slave did too. The servant, she died in a struggle, coughing up dirty water before giving in.
When it was my turn, I fought it. The entire town was there, my family would loose me either way. I would either drown or be hanged. Loose loose situation. I tried to not drown, figuring I could maybe make a brake for the New York if I didn't fight too much. I stopped when I was out of breath. I sank, deeper and deeper. I hurt everywhere on my body. But I would not go like this. I burst of out the water, against all odds with my wrist still tied behind my back. I ran to the dirt and up the bank only thing that was on my mind was go.
Run, Courtney! I thought. And I did, until something hit me in the back like a rock and spit out my chest, breaking my chest apart and blood poured to as I fell to the dirt and took my last breaths. My eyes still fluttered like when I was young and the world wasn't scary. This was it. The last thing I saw was the silver bullet that a punctured my just centimeters from my heart.
I'm not sure what happened next, but when I awoke ten years later in 1702, I was in the lake where the trial was held. I was confused, when I shot out of the water and paddled to the bank and crawled up. I stood, shivering, and naked! in the grass. Was I in Salem still? What year was it? The town seemed different. I didn't recognize anyone. I needed to find my family, and James, and some clothing! I took a white, night shift, from a clothesline, and wandered down the streets. My hair was soaked and my lips were purple, I got stares. I saw newsboy and hollered for a paper, he handed me one. My eyes widened at the date, September sixteenth 1702. It had been ten years. How had I come back to life?
I have been asking the same question for three hundred years. Every time I die, I alwaus return in water, and naked. Doesn't matter if you hang me, shoot me, cut me, beat me I will return.
Many say that immortality is a gift, but it is merely a curse. Imagine always having to watch your closest friends and family die and move on without you and you're forced to restart. Like it's a game.
I've done almost everything you can, learned countless languages, traveled, but all I want is to be normal. In fact, I've done almost everything in this life, but leave it. My life is just like yours, except for one small difference, it never ends.
Why did I tell you all of this? Because I want you to know that life goes on without you. No matter how hard it seems, love, hope and happiness always shine brighter than the darkest of intents.
I would know. I've been madly in love, and insanely angry. I've been confused, hurt, and joyous. But as I said, immortality is not a gift but a curse. I work for the NYPD in the M.E department. Dealing with corpses is a way to learn about my condition. When death is your game, you know where to go.
Sometimes, death follows you. As it did today. It's a brisk September afternoon, four. I just left the medical examination office and as I sit in the subway checking my watch I've had with me for ages, literally, there is a man sitting beside me. I look up and smile to which he replies "Hi."