
My story, in a word, is a long story. You don't understand? How long does three hundred twenty three years seem? Allow me to explain.
My name is Courtney Morgan. My family were from England initially, but moved to Salem Massachusetts in 1675. I was born on high seas rocking back amd forth on a wooden boat with my mother as she whaled being assisted by the twenty three other woman. I had four older siblings; thirteen year old Tommy, twelve year old Abby, eleven year old Margo and ten year old Sophia. They were all born and raised in our small port town on the coast of western England. My father, a Frenchman from a wealthy family, had a strong accent that matched his larger than life personality. My mother, a peasants daughter from Belgium, had a British accent that she inherited from her London native mother. My parents met in Belgium and had my brother and moved to our little town by Liverpool. One by one my sisters followed and ten years later when there was not much income coming by, they once more uprooted to The New Land, specifically, Salem, Massachusetts in 1675. Two months into the journey I was born a month early in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean as we head West to the New World as dubbed by Columbus some thirty years earlier.
We bought a plot of land in the country where there was space to plow and a forest to explore with a pond hidden in the middle. We bought cattle and some chickens and draft horses for our farm and board by board my father built our large six bedroom home. Enough room for everyone and a lovely parlor for afternoon tea and my lessons on how to be a gentle women. I wasn't much for that life. By the time I could walk I would run, and explore with Tommy, then fourteen, in the woods behind the woods.
It was a good life early. Not that anything bad happened, yet at least, but by the time I turned ten, my mother sat me down and began teaching me how to pour tea and knit and all kinds of boring subjects. I wasn't allowed to explore anymore.
Tommy had turned twenty three that June and bought a piece of land by ours to build his three bedroom cabin even further in the woods where he and his wife and only child, a boy he'd eventually raise alone, would live and grow.
Abby, was twenty two and ran off to Georgia to marry a rich man and they owned a large plantation growing cotton their slaves picked.
Margo was twenty one and had also moved away to Georgia, more southern and western than Abby, and had done the same with her husband and they soon had fourteen kids!
Sophia was twenty and semi stayed close, Maine. She owned a farm she and her husband inherited from his parents, a mansion which as unusual in these parts, and they raised their five kids, three triplet boys and two twin girls.
So it left me by myself on the farm for a lonely three years, which felt like an eternity. By then, disease swept the south and took Abby's husband and she was alone so she came back home. But then she was too old for me. And in six months, the same happened Margo's husband and her five of her children, they came back as well. Father never got much rest as he began to build on to the house adding three rooms.
The family ended up staying close together, except for Sophia, which was great for me I suppose now. After an incident I never really had a family again for a while until almost three hundred years.
When I was seventeen, it was a strange time. The Salem Witch Trials had been happening. Several girls my age had been coming forward claiming to be possessed by demons. They were then drowned and if they drowned they were innocent, if they some how survived they were guilty of witch craft and hung. I was married by then and had a seemingly normal life.
But then my lover, James, had work in the shipyard calling him to go to Africa, leaving me alone for a year. But only seven months into 1692, I had "lost my mind" being diagnosed with what is now schizophrenia. The townspeople, even my family believed I was possessed and was a witch. My darkest moment was September sixteenth when my door to my own home was pounded and beat on by a mob. I was minding my own, kneading bread in the rainy afternoon, when they had barged in. I dropped everything and we all just stood and stared at each other which seemed like forever until I tried to run, I knew what would happen. So, I ran. As fast as I could through the back door until I tripped upon my blue gown and fell in the mud. They grabbed me, twisted my arms and yanked me to a lake. People were yelling and I was begging. I was no witch, I was just sick.