
As I walked down the hallways, silenced whispers could be heard. The feeling of eyes burning into the back of my head. This is so typical for my school. Everyone looking at me like i'm some foreign species or talking about me like im not even there. Most of the time I hear what they say though. I don't exactly know what I did to make them all look and talk about me the way they do but it is what it is. There is no escape from this place.
As i turned the corner to where my locker is, i noticed a group of girls chatting away in front of my locker. I couldn't see their faces but knowing how this school is, they are probably there to make a fool out of me.
"Would you mind moving away from my locker?" I asked, not-so-nicely. The brunette hair squad turned around my eyes naturally rolled as if by second nature.
"Well if it isn't Hannah Kingsmen...how is life going?" There was something about the tone she used in her voice that screamed mockery.
"Again...can you move away from my locker." This time it was more of a command than a request.
"Sure." Her cunning smile make me uneasy. Her and her little friends stepped away from my locker and simply stood behind me...watching me intensly. For the second time, I rolled my eyes. My hand reached for the handle on the door and as soon as i opened the door, a bunch of red foam came gushing from the locker all over me and my stuff. Laughter erupted in the halls. A small note also fell out. For some reason I picked up the note and opened it.  Just go kill yourself. no one would care anyways. I didn't speak a word but anger and even sadness jolted through my body.
I wiped some of the nasty smelling foam from my face and body and turned around to see the little crew walking out to the front of the building laughing. The laughing and giggling within the halls was adding fuel to my flame and I was going to lose it.
With a swift slam of my locker door, the crowds laughter died down. I stormed out to the front of the building where Rebecca and her friends stood.
"HEY!!" I shouted as soon as i aggressively busted through the front doors of the building. My angry feet carried me to the girls.
"Oh hey Hannah. Did you get your valentines gift?" She smirked. The students from inside the school were now crowding around us as an audience. People were already cheering her on.
"Its the middle of May, bitch." Was all i said before I threw a swift punch to her plastic nose. Rebecca fell to the floor with a loud screech and the students let out gasp. I looked down at her pathetic state. A boy came up to me with a red face. This time it wasn't from foam like me, he was pissed.
"What the hell is wrong with you!? You can't just punch my girlfriend like that!" Wannabe hot-shot Caleb yelled at me.
"Oh so you're the piece of roadkill that dates this whore? Nice to meet you." I sassed. This only pissed him off further and drive him to throw a punch at me which was swiftly dodged. The punch was soon returned straight to his throat. Caleb stumbled back a few steps while holding his neck. He was struggling to breathe. I walked up to him and leaned down to him too.
"Just like your girlfriend, weak and stupid. Maybe that's why you both look so good together." I whispered so only he could hear. When i stood back up, everyone was looking at me. not a single world was being spoken or even whispered which is very unusual. I then made my way back to the plastic barbie doll still laying on the floor.
"If you wanted to be my valentine...next time try being on time and not three months late.." I angrily spoke before walking off of the school's property.
----------
I walked and walked with no specific destination in mind. After the miles i have walked i did end up in downtown. The streets of New York City was filled with sophisticated men and women.walking around with their hundred dollar suits and a coffee in hand. Most of them had umbrellas covering themselves because the rain rolled in and it was currently pouring. I wasn't complaining though. It got all of the red foam off of me.