
"hello young lady...how may i help you?" an elderly woman asked behind the counter at a pastry shop.
"Can i please have a hot chocolate and a bagel with cream cheese?" i was starving. I did skip lunch.
"Sure..that will me $3.75." i nodded and unzipped the last pocket of my soaked bookbag and pulled out all my money. I came to the realization that i only had $2.25. I looked up at the lady and was getting ready to leave when she handed me the small bag of food and the drink.
"Dont worry about it sweetheart. it's on the house tonight." i gave her a warm smile. Shes the only person who's been nice to me in a while. Ever since my brother vanished off the face of the earth, she's been so abusive and hasn't been nice to me in almost two years. And as you can tell...people at school aren't to nice either.
"Thank you so much Mrs...." i looked at her name tag.
"Mrs.Brenda. i really appreciate it." I said before turning to leave the small shop.
"Wait miss! You forgot your change!" she shouts from behind me. I turn around to see her moving what little money I did have to the edge of the counter and her sending a wink my way. This made me smile.
"Keep it." i nodded before heading back out into the rain.
Yet again, i'm walking block after block. I noticed the traffic picking up and the rain lightening up. More and more people flooded the streets so im guessing business hours are done for the day.
I sat down at a bus stop just to sit and enjoy my bagel and hot chocolate in peace. People came and went as well as the busses. As i took the last bite out of the bagel i noticed a car slow down across the street. Whoever was inside had parked the car but wasn't getting out. I simply ignored it and got up to throw my trash away. As i started to walk again, the car that was once parked could be heard starting up again. My nerves got the best of me so I sped up my pace just a little bit. as if i was in one of those movies, the car speed up with me. I then broke out into a full sprint down the street.
The engine of the car roared as it sped past me and parked a few feet ahead of me. I stopped in my tracks and a man in all black stepped out of the car. I made the split second choice of running down the alley that was on my left. Heavy footsteps could be heard behind me but I made no effort to stop and look behind me. The end of the alleyway was approaching but i let out a blood curdling scream when the mystery man grabbed ahold of my waist and pulled me into his chest. His hands were quick to cover my mouth so i wouldn't scream but his efforts failed when I bit his hand and swung around to punch him in the face. The man was very quick to recover and he reached for me again. This time i tried to kick him in the balls but his hand stopped me from doing so.
"would you chill!? I just need to talk to you but you kicking and thrashing isn't helping either one of us." a deep British accent rang from his throat. I wanted to stop but this man could easily kill me.
"Leave me alone!" i shouted. The man pushed me back against the wall and grabbed both of my wrist with a single hand and pinned me up against the wall. I was going to use my legs but he had me there too when he roughly pressed his body to mine.
My breath was heavy from all the running, fighting, and screaming i had done in the past five minutes.
"What do you want!?" I almost growled.