
"Bianca it's time to go!" I hear my mum yell. I groan and scream internally. As I grab my last box and my phone I walk out of my home oh my home how I'm going  to miss you I mumble  quietly which  my best friends  are here and heard because  apparently  they were behind me to whole time."bee it's only a house aren't  you going to miss anything els"
obviously  talking about themselves I tease them by saying "Oh Luke how I'm going to miss your dog and oh Delia  how I will miss your mums cooking" I laugh  ad they  look a bit disappointed "Oh I suppose  I will miss you two as well ". We all laugh  and say goodbye as I get in the car Delia  yells "I if they're are any hot guys be sure to mention me and pretty girls, Luke !"
Luke just shakes his head then hugs me. "I'm going to miss you guys like hell. I'll  call as soon as I get there!" I say sadly. "I'll  miss you too Bee" Luke says but before I could say anything  else  my mum start  driving the car. "Mum why do we have to move in the first place dad could just live in a hotel for a while till  his job is over. I mean we have the money."                  I ask my mum but my little brother, Stanly replies " Biancaaaa .. I want to move pweeple  at school are poopy heads and don't like me" my brother is 8 and I'm 16 so he I guess looks up to me so I can't complain  about moving around him because  it'd ruin it for him too so I just don't whine about it anymore and pretend to be excited.
The 7 hour car ride was basically me listening to music  while my brother slept and my mom and I occasionally  talked about me and making new friends. We arrive  at Colorado to our new huge house. All of the houses around it are average  size and normal neighborhood  houses but them there is my new house 3 stories  high. Why must my parents  be the center of attention  rich type ugh. I walk into my house and choose the second story room seeing as my parents  would be the basement  yeah three stories  and a basement  room. My little brother is the top floor so that leaves  two extra  bed rooms for guests I guess.
My room is really  big like woah big, there's a king size bed, a couch,a desk,a closet,  a huge tv, a bathroom and a balcony. After unpacking all my stuff I walk out to my balcony  and look around and then something, or should I say someone catches my attention. Dark hair with nice abs holy shit is he? no way He is. he's naked I repeat  he is naked so me being Bianca  aka the bad ass Bianca  I snap a picture  of him for...oh you know...uhh....insurance  yeah....nothing more than insurance  in case he's one of those people who are man whores, popular  guy, etc and tries anything  later on. He starts to look up so  I run inside and I'm  just  hoping he didn't see me.
Knock knock I hear someone knocking  on my door scaring the shit  out of me" Bianca  your father, Luke and I are going to the store would you like to come?" To the store for what we have a shit ton of stuff already. "No mum I'll  just stay home and...explore." I say because  I still am trying not to burst out laughing after the fact that he was just naked and I got a picture  "Okay Bianca we will be back in a couple  of hours because  we are also going to explore a bit, don'twait up." After about five minutes of laughing at the fact that I have a hot neighbor and i already saw him naked I finally  calm down. My family  finally left and I decided  to take a walk. I leave a note in case  my parents get home first
Out for a walk - don't wait up.-Bianca