
It was morning and mick and Linda was around the kitchen table.
" Are you sure your going to be alright with your sister? " Mick asked her. Linda was going away for a bit to stay with her sister, leaving mick, Nancy and lee to look after the pub, Linda does have another son called Johnny, but he's travelling the world.
" I'm going to be just fine, it's more you I'm worried about! " She smiled as she grabbed his hand and squeezed it.
" Morning! " Lee said as he walked into the kitchen and hugged his mum from behind, " I'm going to miss you mum! "
" Naw Lee, I'm going to Miss you as well! It won't be for long though," she smiled kissing his cheek.
" Where's Nance? " Mick asked letting go of Linda's hand and taking a sip of his coffee.
" Don't know haven't seen her, she's properly still asleep knowing her, " lee smiled, he adored his sister.
" I'll go check up on her incase she might of had a fit in the night, " Linda said getting up and walking to Nancy's bedroom. Nancy had epilepsy and she didn't often have fits, really only when she panicked about something.
The light was off in Nancy's bedroom and she was still asleep when Linda walked in, she went up to Nancy's bed and looked at her sleep while she sat on the edge of the bed, " my wonderful daughter," she whispered.
" Mum? " Nancy said as her eyes fluttered open giving Linda a fright, " nance you scared me! " Linda smiled as she leaned over and hugged Nancy.
Nancy gave her a small smiled and hugged her back. " what's wrong? " Linda asked her knowing something was wrong.
" It doesn't matter mum, I want to enjoy our last day together! " Nancy said as tears rolled down her cheeks.
" Nancy? "
" It's just Johnny, now you," she cried squeezing her mum tighter.
" Oh nance, " Linda frowned, she knew how close Nancy and Johnny were and how she missed him everyday, " I'll be back before you know it! "
Nancy sniffed before she let go of her mum, " yeah, anyway I'm starved! Let's go get breakfast!! " Nancy said as she hopped out of bed and pulled her mum through to the kitchen.
" Morning nance, your jumpy this morning! " Lee said, normally she wasn't a morning person but this time she was bouncing about and singing.
" Let's not open the pub today! Let's do something as a family! " Mick said, as everyone cheered.
" Group hug! " Nancy shouted as the 4 carters went into a huge huddle, " I wish Johnny was here," Nancy thought to herself.
Later on that day the carters decided to go for a picnic and they had a great time, " I miss this! " Mick said as he put a strawberry into his mouth. When Nancy, lee and Johnny were young Linda and mick used to take them for picnics all the time.
" Me too! " Lee said, as the squirted cream into is mouth as when one laughed as it went all over his face.
" that's how I brought up my son! " Mick grinned to Linda as she rested her head on his shoulder.
" I'm gonna miss you lot! " Linda said.
" Aww mum we will miss you as well! Won't we nance? " Lee said rubbing Nancy on her back.
" Course! We ain't going to stop thinking about you mum, " Nancy smiled.
While the family sat in the parks for hours time tucked in and it was getting dark, " guys we need to leave, my sister is picking me up in 1 hour, " Linda frowned.