
Admin's P.O.V.Hii! This is my new book, and I hope you'll like it. Cara- Cara DelevigneZayn- Zayn MalikDylan- Dylan O'brienMeghan- Taylor HillHarry- Harry StylesLiam- Liam PayneLouis- Louis TomlinsonNiall- Niall HoranHillary- Taylor SwiftLou- Lou Teasdale
Cara's P.O.V.
"We needed him, not fucking her!" My head was pounding. Wait, where am I? Who are these people? And who did they want?"Hello?" I speaked. Three boys around twenty and twenty three came in."How are you feeling, love?" The curly one asked."Where am I? Who are you?" I asked. I don't feel good at all, that's obvius."Maybe we should just wash her memory Zayn and then tell her like you're her boyfri-"No one is going to fucking wash my fucking memory! What is wrong with you?!" I yelled on the blonde boy."Your language, love.""I don't give a fuck I don't know where I am, who you are and how did I get here. The only thing I remember is going to club. Wait, if you kiddnaped me, Dylan will look everywhere for me.""He will sunshine, but you're here because of your stupid brother." It's first time that the one with black hair speak. I can't lie, they all look great. They are hot, beautiful urgh. "What the actual fuck did he do? Shit." I started to curse everything I could. The black-hair came closer to me, and took one strand of my hair and putted it behind my ear."I'm Zayn, and you have job with the gang 52." He whispered in my ear. I almost died here right now. It's obvious that I would start crying, it's understanding. I knew a lot about this gang. They were the five boys, and one of them being the leader of the gang, Zayn. And I am involved in this. I could feel tears in my eyes, but I refused to let them slide down my face. I brushed my eyes with the blazer I was wearing. I won't cry. No. I can't. I sitted on floor. This is just too much. What. The. Fuck. Dylan. If I ever get out of here I am going to break every bone in his body. "I guess this is why he learned me how to use a gun, hand to hand combat, and how to throw knives." Their eyes widened. Dylan was always telling me it's for self-defence. Yes because of you asshole! "Are you hungry, love?""Yes.""Niall get her food!""Can I scream?""Why?""Because Dylan is testing my nerves, I am in hands of the scariest gang.""No.""What did Dylan do?""Well, for first he beated the living shit out of Liam. Second, he stole one of our womens. And third, he insulted me.""Wow, your Liam is really strong if Dylan can beat him." I said sarcasticlly, and started to laugh. I am pretty sure that I look like a psychopate right now. Well, what am I? I am kiddnaped by a gang, and I laugh? Is this even for psychopates?"I am stronger that Dylan are you kidding with me?" I started to laugh even more. I could see that the Curly head was stiffling a laugh, and Zayn had a small smile on his face."Curly bird, what's your name?" I asked. Wait, did I call him Curly bird? Zayn started to laugh. I could see that the Curly bird was a little bit angry."Harry, and for what is the bitchy comment?""Oh, excuse me. I forgot to say, I am bitch class A.B- beautiful,I- inteligent,T- talented,C- charming,H- hot. So, awww, thanks." I smiled to him. Okay, Zayn is going to die here. That's when I guess Niall came in with food. He was looking at me and Zayn, and he saw that Harry is mad."What is it, bro?" He said after giving me food. I murmured 'thanks'. "This little bitch-"Thank you." I started to laugh again. Niall looked at me so weird."Enough. Now love, tell us something about you.""First stop calling me love. It's on my nerves. And my name is Cara Jocelyn Johns. I'm born 12. August 1993. My parents died, so the only one I have is Dylan. Oh wait, I actually have an sister. Her name is Meghan. She is older two years. We didn't talk for year. I hate her.""If we told you you can go only with your sister?""I wouldn't go.""Why? She is still your sister.""She's not. I don't want to see her ever again.""What if you have to?" Harry started to laugh."She is my girlfriend for an year. That's why you didn't talk to her." Harry said."She's fucking what?!""Language.""Why like you don't curse!" I would say that I am on my period for my moods. "Meg!" She came in. When she saw me she runned to me and cried. She tried ti hug me, but I pushed her away."Cara what i-"What is with me?! What is with me?! You left your fucking family without saying even good bye?! For a member of a gang?! And what is with me?!""Sorry Cara I-"You nothing. I'm not your sister anymore. Are here any other girls?""Only Eleanor." "How old is she?""She is your age, and Louis' girfriend. Also, here lives Niall's sister, Lou." "Whem am I going to meet Louis and Liam?" I asked while eating. "Soon." Zayn answered. Meg was still crying."Will you shut up?!" I yelled on her. "Will you stop yelling on her?" Harry told me."No, because she did that stupid thing." I gave him an answer. A girl came in."Niall what is this yelling?!""Ask her." Niall pointed a finger on me. "I guess you're Lou. Zayn can I sleep somewhere?" I asked him. He nodded and murmured me something like 'follow me'. It's not the first time I'm kiddnaped. I was even raped at age of sixten, so I guess I'll survive. I followed him trough this beautiful big house. We went upstairs, and into one of the rooms. It had graffiti on the wall."I love them.""I draw them.""You're intrested in art?""It's not your busines.""I can sing.""Really?""I was a model, also.""That says about the perfect bums.""You're so perv." He threw me one of I guess his t-shirts and boxers. "Where's the bathroom?" He pointed on the door in his room. I went into the bathroom. This is going to be a long shower.