
AN Enjoy



Chapter 1 Orientation
Piper POV
Piper stood at the Pegasus Academy for Gifted Children, she knew gifted children really meant 'Freaks', mutants, the odds ones out. Everyone always looked at her with disgust when they saw her and knew what she was, Piper didn't really want to go to this school, but her Dad was making her. If anyone anyone ever asked what school she went to they would know.
She walked around the building through the bleak courtyards and she walked into a long hallway towards the noise. Piper finally came to a giant room about four football fields wide the floor was birch wood covered in finish and the dark gray walls were bare. There was a stage with a tiny man holding a club and 10 kids a few years older than Piper.
"Alright Cupcakes! Separate into Groups as I call your names!" the short man with a club yelled. "Okay Team 1..." Piper drowned it out until he heard the man call out "Team 5 our last team! Piper McLean, Frank Zhang, Jason Grace, Hazel Levesque, Leo Valdez!"
Piper's heart skipped as she saw a boy, Jason, was it? He was gorgeous blue eyes, blonde hair, and a stunning smile. He was talking to a Latino scrawny boy with curly hair, she could sense they were old friends.
"Now everyone listen up! I am going to announce your trainers you will have two and they will stay in your part of your team's dorm! Okay Team 1's trainers are... " Piper again drowned this out until she heard "Team 5's trainers are: Perseus Jackson and Annabeth Chase!" Two people stepped up the girl, Annabeth looked at the boy Perseus with disgust and he looked upset.
"It's just Percy." 'Percy' said.
"Okay trainers take your students to your dorms! Now hustle!" The little man yelled.
Annabeth and Percy took off not talking to each other but talking to themselves. Their team followed including Piper. She could feel some sort of tension and hate coming from the trainers but it was one sided and she felt something else there too, something Piper could not place. Annabeth was muttering about 'why does it have to be him?' and Percy's shoulders were slumped and he seemed pretty depressed.
"This is it." Annabeth grumbled stopping outside a door that said 'Team 5'.
"Welcome Home." Percy muttered.
We all walked in, Piper could see Annabeth push past Percy and towards a little room. But, Piper stopped for a second to admire her home for the next 40 weeks, maybe even more. The place was dark gray and looked very futuristic it had a gray couch and two chairs, also gray. There was a bathroom, and a room labeled boy's, girl's, and there was two rooms and one with the label Percy and one with Annabeth.
"Classes tomorrow and Breakfast at 5:00 these tablets will have everything you need," She handed a tablet out "You've had a long day, go to bed." She put her head in her hands
"'Night."
Piper stood up, walking to the girl's dorm, when she got in she saw two beds, one for her and one for Hazel.
"Goodnight Hazel." Piper whispered.
AN Kind of a filler, the other chapters will be better!
