
HEY PEEPS! Hope you enjoy this story and everything! Read on! ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••~Month before Bucky Leaves~
"Oh come on! Please?" The girl begged her best friend. "Bucky's driving and Steve'll be there!" She stuck out her bottom lip in a pout. "Fine!" The other girl threw her hands up in the air. "YES!" The shorter girl grinned.
Let's take a moment to describe them. The older, taller girl - Jennifer - has fiery red hair, green eyes that seemed yellow in the sun, and flawless porcelain skin. She had perfect straight teeth and beautiful red lips. The shorter, younger girl - Rachel - had dark brown hair, warm brown eyes, and light tanned skin. She had full, perfect Cupid's bow lips, mostly clear skin, and gorgeous waves.
They both grinned at each other and began rummaging through Rachel's swim suits. Finally, Jen decided on a black one piece and Elle on a mint green bikini. "OHHHH! He'll loooovvveeee that!" She teased. "Oh come on. Steve won't be able to look away." She blushed. They both applied their makeup - red lips, white eye shadow, and a black cat eye - and pulled on cover ups.
A knock sounded from the door, causing Jen to nudge Elle. "Go open it." She rolled her eyes and walked down the hallway to the door. "Hey Bucky!" She threw her arms around his neck and he grinned. "Hello Rachel." She smiled at looked at Steve and Jen. Jen was talking awkwardly, Steve was just standing there, and both of them were blushing deep red. "They're so adorable." Elle grinned and laced her fingers with Bucky's. "I wish he'd ask her already." They shrugged and began walking to the car.
~Week before Bucky Leaves~
"Hey!" She grinned. He smiled and wrapped an arm around her waist. "Hey love." He kissed her temple. "You wanted to ask me something?" Bucky looked nervous and absolutely terrified. "Uh..... Yeah!" Elle raised a brow, expecting an answer. "Come on." He grabbed her hand and lead her to a shady spot. He then knelt down and pulled a ring from his pocket. "Rachel Mere Hunters. Will you marry me?" Her eyes widened and she grinned, blinking back joyful tears. "DUH!" Bucky slipped the ring onto her finger and let her throw her arms around his neck. He lifted her up and Rachel wrapped her legs around his torso. "I love you." She whispered in his ear. "I love you too."