
Age 13
"Daddy,please don't go", my thirteen year old self stood weeping at his legs in desperation.
"Honey,I have to." I looked away immediately furious he would not stay. The thing was my dad was quite the inspirational  talker. I remember he crouched down and pulled me towards him.
"Now listen here Miss Cassandra, I work so I can get my princess everything she wants and especially with her birthday next week daddy has to work. Do you understand?" I had nodded eagerly,excited at the prospect of more toys that I would receive for my birthday. I hugged my dad tightly exchanging those three special words 'I love you' before he had left.
It had been a few  minutes not even minutes before I saw my dad he was saying his farewell as he left to go to Santa Monica for a business trip. He had gotten in his car and driven off in his black Range Rover to the motorway which was straight across the town. The local policeman had said that that it was a hit and run. There were no cameras on the motorway. Although many people had identified the suspect with detailed descriptions and license plate. I guess I should be grateful that they found the person that was held responsible for the death of my dad but I don't understand why he would do it. Mum had completely vanished buried herself in organizing the funeral, packing  up all of dad's stuff. She had made the existence of my father a complete hallucination by the end of the month.
By this time was when things completely fell apart. Mum was never at home always working at the law firm across town. My elder brother George, had left Rhodes Island immediately after the funeral transferring to a university in London.London was where Aunt Cecilia, Dad's sister lived. My mum though had been pointed out by quite a few people that I was not coping especially at school. She did not know what had happened to Joshua Matthews and how he had bullied and made fun off me. Or how people bullied me calling  names and insulting my father. My mother instead thought I needed the attention therefore shipped me off to London,claiming she was too busy and I was in need of leaving this place.