
Don't question the song, I've just been addicted to it lately. Anyways, enjoy this story that I randomly decided to make.
Cassie's POV
"Cass! Why do we have to this job?" Victoria yawned. It's the first day of our new job. I thought we needed the money so I got us the night shift at some pizzeria called 'Freddy Fazbears Pizza'.
"Cause we need the money for PAX East, I really want to meet Markimoo!" I said. Vi rolled her eyes and swung the door open.
A very creepy looking purple guy walked up to us and said, "Oh, your the new nighyguards, here's your uniforms!" He put really ugly clothes in our arms. (Oh btw, the animatronics aren't possessed by kids in this book. I just wanted Purple guy to be here and act like a pervy creep.) There were three strange animatronics on the stage. A huge brown bear with a top hat and bowtie with sort of a creepy stare, a large purple bunny with a guitar and a bowtie, and finally a duck with a bib? This guy who introduced himself as 'Vincent' started showing us around.
"This is Bonnie, Freddy, and Chica!" he said pointing to the animatronics on stage. Victoria looked like she was studying them, and I just stared. Then suddenly "Bonnie" moved and looked at me. Vincent started freaking out and yelled, "Your supposed to be off, you lunk of metal!"
Me and Vi just looked at him strangely. Bonnie was still staring at me. "Anyways, it's 11:50! You two should get to your office!" said Vincent as he grabbed his coat and scrambled out the door.
Me and Vi went down to the office."That chicken duck thing is very ugly." said Vi. I nodded slowly and laughed. As the clock struck 12, we got settled in for our first night.
"SHUT UP GUY ON THE PHONE!" Vi screamed into the phone and hung up. "He talked for TWO WHOLE HOURS!" she huffed. I shrugged as I flipped through the cameras, to see Bonnie and Chica were gone. "U-uh Vi?" I stammered.
"What?"
"Bonnie and Ugly Duck are gone."
Vi snatched the tablet away from me and glared at the stage. She started looking through the cameras trying to find them. Bonnie was in the west hall and Chica in the east.
Bonnie and Chica seemed to appear at the same time. Vi scrambled over trying to close the doors but Bonnie somehow managed to get in. "What do you want with us, purple rabbit?" Vi hissed. Bonnie made some sort of groaning noise and grabbed both of us and tried to drag us down the hallway.
A strange pirate fox started peeking out of some weird purple curtains. He got off the stage and walked up to Bonnie and started walking next to him.
The chicken and the bear were already in the backstage when Bonnie and Fox Man arrived. Freddy started laughing strangely.
Out of the blue, a puppet thing appeared with an angry looking expression on his face. "Trying to 'stuff' humans again, hmm?" it said slowly. All of them turned into their human forms and then Freddy murmured, "But it's fun Mari."
'Mari' in his human form glared at all of them and commanded, "Let them go." Bonnie released his grip on us and  looked hard done by. Honestly, Bonnie in human form is actually quite attractive. WHY ARE YOU THINKING THIS CASS? IT'S A MURDEROUS ANIMATRONIC! I shook my head to try to get the strange thought out of my head. Chica bounded up to us and said "Sorry for trying to stuff you into a Freddy suit! We thought you were endoskeletons!" Freddy smirked. I think he would have murdered us anyways if he could have.  Vi had this absolute look of disgust on our face like 'Don't get near me duck duck'.
The fox, who's name was actually 'Foxy' started trying to chat up Vi who was strangely interested in what he was talking about.
Someone grabbed my shoulder. I turned around to be in the face of Bonnie staring at me intently. He said, "You know, I didn't really want to kill you, Freddy just is... violent."
"Yeah I can see that." I replied.
"Uh yep.."
AWKWARD SILENCETIME
Anyways that's the end of this chapter. BWAHAHAAHAHA. ~ Catterifi