
There are many theories and gossip surrounding my relationship with the Doctor. Am I the woman who marries him.....or kills him? Oh sweetie, why can't it be both? Because, I've done both. I married that insufferable man, and I killed him; not of my own volition of course. I love that man more than anything. I didn't want to kill him, but I didn't really have a choice - now did I? Tick tock goes the clock, that phrase was used so many times during my conditioning. To ensure I killed that man. I did kill him of course, twice actually. But that man just won't stay dead, though I'm not complaining. I didn't want him to stay dead. I overcame my conditioning the first time and brought him back, using up all my remaining regenerations in the process. So, the child of the Tardis is on her last life they would say. That's because I am. I don't regret saving him, oh I could never regret it. I love that man too much. Then, there was the second time. Lake Silencio. I killed him there too, twice. The same event, happening at the same point in time and space. Oh, the Doctor would say it was some wibbly wobbly, timey wimey stuff. Oh, he is ever the child, is he not? The first time the event occurred I did kill him, the second time.....I shot the Teselecta in the form of my husband. It was right after our wedding, too. Killing your husband on your wedding day, that doesn't seem right at all. That man, is smart though, found a way to stay alive, and I am ever so glad he did. I told my mother his parting secret after that, though. I couldn't stand to see my mother in so much pain, she deserved to know her best friend wasn't dead. The best friend who married her daughter. Ever so awkward. She was so thrilled, the girl who waited. Waiting for her Doctor to turn up once more. I had just done Byzantium at this time, my mother was there. Ever so young, didn't have a clue who I was. It hurt, looking at her and she just looked right through me. She saw a stranger, not her daughter or best friend. Oh, but looking at the Doctor hurt much, much worse. He didn't trust me, didn't know I was his wife. One day I'm going to find him and he's going to look right through me and not know who I am, at least at the Byzantium he knew my name. I also found out I was going to be a professor some day, how exciting! Spoilers. But, one day he will look at me and not have a clue who I am, and I absolutely know that it will kill me. We're catching up in our time streams, and I know the end is near. Hopefully, it can hold off for as long as possible, because I won't be able to bare it when it finally does come. At least now we're married in both of our time streams, and now my parents know I'm their daughter. It's taken them a bit of getting used to, thinking of someone who looks older than them, is older than them, as their daughter. I'll admit they've done a pretty good job. They wanted me to stay with them for a while, so I have been. Who am I to deny them the chance of getting to know their daughter? Who am I kidding, I want this more than anything in all of time and space. Rory has been a bit over protective since finding out, and Amy....well, she's been treating me like a child. Taking me shopping, and she even threw me a birthday party a while back. I adored the attention, of course! Like a little girl just wanting her mummy and daddy's constant attention. According to them, I was supposed to be a little girl, a baby actually. I knew it hurt Mother to not get to raise her baby, but this was going to have to be good enough. Finally, having a real mother who treated me like I was her daughter, that's all I've ever really wanted. Rory, well he's always acted like a dad toward me. Especially, when I was Mels. Back, when we were all children. I was always in a constant state of trouble, I just wanted them to treat me like I was their child, not their best friend. Oh, they were ever so surprised when they realized I, Mels, River, was their daughter. All because Hitler had gone and shot me. Lousy shot, he was. That was when I had first met the Doctor, the beginning of such a long journey. None of us have seen the Doctor since the wedding, but he's bound to show up at some point, I just know it.