
Oh dear god.
Standing before me is Prince Nicholas Hurvanas. Aka, the handsomest prince of my generation.
"Interesting. Then you wouldn't mind if I joined in on this bath of yours?" He raises his eyebrows with humor, his deep jade eyes sparkling with mischief.
Other girls would have swooned and dove right at him on this account, but I knew better. I wanted him, but I wasn't going to thrown myself at him. He was going to have to come to me on my terms.
"Nicholas, you always have been much of a flirt, haven't you?" I sigh, rolling my eyes. He chuckles at this, leaning on the door frame, his lips perked up in a devilish smirk.
"Only to the pretty girls like you, Angelina."
"As if." I scoff, letting his words slowly sink in.
"Well, may I come in?" He gestures towards my room, which, thank god, is clean. Like I said, my maids weren't stupid.
"I guess. But first will you allow me to change? I don't think a robe with nothing under it is very acceptable for.. company..." I reply, with a hint of seductiveness.
His face perks up at the nothing under it part, just like I knew they would. I try not to smile to myself, knowing I've got him right where I want him.
He was going to have to come to me on my terms.
"Oh I don't know, I think that it's suitable enough for a gentleman like me, but if you insist, I'll allow you to change." He nods, his devilish smile turning wickedly handsome in a matter of seconds.
I open the door wider, allowing him access into my room. He elegantly walks into my room, passing me slowly, causing my heart to pick up a pace.
On my terms.
"Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to change and call in a couple maids to bring us something, would that be alright?" I ask, feeling like my whole body is on edge.
"Splendid." He sits down on my crimson red love seat, his back straight and legs crossed.
A true prince.
I scurry quickly out of my bedroom and into my bathroom, stabbing buttons into the maid caller that looks like a TV plastered onto the wall.
As soon as that is done, I walk into my closet, trying to find something suitable, yet flirtatious and easy to slip off.
Yes, if you didn't already know, that was how tonight was going to go.
I hear a door open, and I realize it's the maids. Good, I could really use more opinions.
The door to my bathroom opens slowly, giving me time to figure out what I will ask the maids once they come in here.
The door to my closet opens, and I turn, holding up several tiny outfits that I could wear for Nicholas.
"Alright," I'm looking down at the outfits, the hangers biting into my hands.
"Which do you girls like best?" I hold them up higher so show to the maids.
There were several in my hands, I had the yellow tight fitting lingerie with matching heels, the romantic red resembled to look something like a goddess, and there were so many more, all of different colors.
"I think I like the black the most." Replied a deep manly voice. I look up in surprise to find Nicholas, smirking at me, his jade eyes staring hungrily at me.
"What are you doing in here?!?" I screech, suddenly embarrassed.