
"I sent the maids away as soon as they brought the refreshments and toys." He holds up the rope and a bottle of wine.
I feel my face turn scarlet red, and I quickly turn away from him, hoping he won't see my emotions all flustered on my face.
"Hey, hey." He walks up from behind me, placing his hands onto my shoulders. His voice is deep and seductive. It's almost impossible to not turn around and smash my lips against his.
Before he can console me anymore, I turn around, holding up the one he said he liked the best.
"So, black is it?"
"I-"
"Great, now get out so I can change." I begin to push him out of my closet, and when we reach the door, he plants his feet.
"Are you sure about this?"
"Yes. Of course." I nod, confidently.
My terms.
"Alright, I'll be waiting for you out there then." He says, pointing towards my bedroom.
I give him a quick and flirtatious smile, leaving him wanting more. That is after all, my goal.
I quickly change into the black lingerie he had picked out, feeling invincible just wearing it. When I stand in front of the mirror, I don't see Angelina Lacet, princess of Ambonia, I see Angelina, sexy and queen of men.
Is it to cheesy? Probably, but I don't care.
I step out my closet, feeling cold without the extra warmth of my robe.
When I walk into my bedroom, Nicholas is laying there, on the bed, his emerald eyes staring at me.
"Your highness." He nods, his eyes sweeping over me greedily. I try to sexily pick my way over to him, and eventually, I'm laying over top of him, my heart racing rapidly against my chest.
"Your majesty." I reply sarcastically, as I lean down to kiss him. He accepts, tilting his head upward to meet my own advances.
My own terms.
Our lips lock together, forming a bond. His hand come up around me, feeling my over. His other hand rubs my inner thigh, making me squirm with pleasure. I place my hand on his chest, my other hand coming up to grip his neck.
My terms.
"Nicholas." I breath in between kisses. It's all to soon, before we are both tearing at each other clothes. I have his shirt ripped off in my hand, and he's taking my bra and unclasping it, I reach down to undo his buckle as he runs his hands along my breasts.
He kisses my collarbone, then slowly moves down onto my chest, feverishly feeling everywhere.
With his belt undone, I start to work on his pants as he grips onto my hips, pulling me closer to him.
Once I manage to get his pants off, he pulls and pulls at my underwear, slinging it off of my legs as soon as he manages to get it free.
It's so soon that when I finally reach for his own underwear, that we hear a knock on the door.
It's quiet and faint at first.
"Just ignore it." I mumble, as I kiss Nicholas.
And then it starts up again, the knocks becoming more frequent and urgent.
"Bloody hell." Nicholas grumbles, he sits up, pulling his pants back on.