
Clueless as they may seem, my maids weren't stupid. After all, it took hours just to clean one room. You had to have a brain for that sort of thing.
"Melody, please draw a bath for me, I've had a wretched day." I complain, as Evelyn rubs my temples with her fore fingers.
Melody scurries off into the bathroom, and before long I can hear the luxurious water running into the deep tub.
"Delores, darling, would you do me the divine favor of fetching some lavender to put in the bath?" I sigh, standing up to walk to the bathroom.
"Certainly, your highness." She bows her head respectively, as her and Evelyn both quickly leave the room.
Of all my days in the castle, not one day has been more tiring then today. Mother had another swarm full of guests come into the palace, leaving me to entertain the guests who were more my age.
There was Lady Enid from Prokesland, Sir Wilhem from Great Cortina, Duchess Gisela from the Republic of Finland. All of which followed countless more, and all of which talked my ears off more than ever.
That is why I hated parties. But then again, parties were the best part about being royal.
Because you got to meet so many different people who had different cultures. All in all, I made it sound terrible when really they were extraordinary.
"Miss, Delores has the lavender to put into your bath, would you like me to help you undress?" Melody says timidly, as she clasps her hands properly in front of her.
"That would be great, Melody, thank you." I sit down on the stool in the bathroom as Melody pulls at the cords of my corset. Out of the corner of my eye, I can see Delores dropping bits of lavender into the steamy bath.
Once the corset is off, I feel like I can breath again.
"Thank you, Melody. You are dismissed." I reply with a flick of my wrist. She nods, bowing deeply and scuttles out of the bathroom.
"You as well, Delores, and tell Evelyn that she is also dismissed for the day."
Delores nods as well, and with a graceful curtsy, heads out of my bathroom.
I slowly stand up from the stool, making sure not to mess up my perfect hair as I slip into the hot liquid.
I try not to let out a sigh of relief as I settle deeper into the lavender scented water.
Soon enough, I close my eyes, ready to soak in the water as long as I can.
Just as I'm about to start relaxing, I here a slight knock at my door.
"Hmmph. Evelyn, get the door." I snip in annoyance.
When silence follows, I call out again.
"Evelyn!?"
Oh yes, that's right, I had dismissed her. I gingerly sit up, grabbing my robe that hangs next to the bathtub.
When the knock sounds again, I try not to reply in frustration.
"I'm coming, just give me a moment."
I wrap the robe around me, making sure my body is concealed from whoever might be behind the door. I walk out my bedroom, my feet pounding on the lush carpet.
I swing the door open, fully ready to yell at this person for interrupting my bath.
"You know, it is very rude to interrupt a someone when they are enjoying a bath of relaxation." I grumble, I open my mouth to say more, but then I freeze.