
Once we reached our class, we took our regular seats; Drew beside me, Claire in front of me, and Sierra beside her. 'Drew beside me?'  You're probably thinking...well, yep. His guy friends, Hayden, Thomas, Danny and whatsoever, sit at the tables beside us. I hate how we're the oldest grade in the class, and we still have to sit in freakin' table groups. That's just so childish...but if it means sitting right next to Drew, I'll go right ahead.
"Hey, Lex," Hayden smiled at me. His dirty blonde hair was neatly brushed back, and his sea green-blue eyes were sparkling in the glowing sunlight seeping through the windows. If you ask me, Hayden's pretty attractive. He's got the same personality as Drew, and sometimes I think I might have feelings for him. But what's the point of ruining an amazing friendship? Sooner or later, we would have broken up over something stupid anyways.
"Hey, Dan," I smiled back, scrolling through my iPhone pages. I opened my Instagram and my eyes widened at the huge number of notifications I had.
"Woah," Drew said from over my shoulder. "812 likes for that?" He looked in disbelief at the picture of my nails painted a bright blue.
"Psh," I scoffed. "I'd like to see you get six likes for a picture of your face,"
"Ouch," he put a hand to his heart and leaned back on his chair. I giggled, and then went back to scrolling down my pictures. I apparently had 109 more followers. Damn. Closing the Instagram app, I turned on my Kik. This time, both Drew and Hayden were peering over my shoulder and reading my messages. Nosy pricks.
"You got Justin Smith?" Hayden frowned, pointing to a chat I had with the popular blonde at school. He was Hayden and Thomas' friend, and he was really skinny and cute in some ways. Lots of people say he smokes crack, though. God, I don't know what it's with people and drugs these days.
"Yeah. But the rest, I honestly don't know some people on this...whoever's on my Kik probably has me on their Facebook," I shrugged. I opened my chat with Drew and grinned. The latest messages from him were from when I was at vacation.
hw's flordia hoe? <3
"I'm so nice," Drew laughed, resting his head on my shoulder. Immediately, a rush of butterflies filled my stomach and I felt my cheeks turn pink.
"Totally," I rolled my eyes, trying my best to ignore the fact that Drew had his freaking head on my freaking shoulder. I scrolled down more until I saw Hayden's messages.
wtf u doin @ florida? ans m fking mssges..u said u'd stay in touch??
"He's actually right, you did say you would stay in touch with everyone," Drew said pointedly.
"Guys, you're leaving us out!" Sierra whined.
"Shut up, fatso," Drew remarked, rudely if I may add. Sierra's face turned crimson and I felt bad. I instantly remembered her crush on Drew, and shrugged his head off of my shoulder.
"I was comfy there, thank you very much," he protested, pressing his head on my shoulder again. I laughed and pushed him away.
"So, Lexi," Hayden started, once everyone settled. "I was wondering..."
"Dan, it's been a freaking week. Are you asking me out already?" I asked, raising an eyebrow.
"C'mon, as friends," he pressed.
"How 'bout McDonald's? We'll take these guys with us, and you'll be paying," I suggested, motioning to everyone at my table. Danny and Thomas' heads' jerked up from their table at the mention of free food.