
"I'm so excited! It's only been a week since summer ended, but I still can't believe we're finally grade 8's!" Sierra, my newbie friend, ranted. She came to Eastwood Middle School near the end of last year, and even though it's been a couple of months, me and Claire, my best friend, are the only people she knows.
"Yeah, I need to lose my single reputation...I want at least one ex-boyfriend," Claire shook her head, and I laughed.
"I've been single all the way, though," I reminded her, opening the heavy doors to the staircase that lead upstairs to our class. We jogged up the stairs until we reached the second pair of heavy doors that lead to the hallway. In front of them were our lined purple-ish coloured lockers. Mine was locker number 237, Claire's was 240, and Sierra's was 231. Beside me was Drew's locker, the cutest boy to ever step foot in this school. At least that's what I say.
He has dark hair and hazel eyes, with a straight nose. His cheekbones were one's that any girl would kill to have, and his face was just so freaking beautiful words can't even describe. Okay, I like him. Big time. And he's also got that badass, careless, trashy talk attitude, and I've heard he's smoked weed once or twice. That's just so hot in my opinion.
"Hey, Lexi," Drew said, opening his locker. I blinked a couple of times before snapping myself out of the random daze I was in.
"Hey, Drew," I smiled, unlocking my combination. I took out the books I needed for class and my iPhone before shutting the locker.
"Well, it hasn't been a week at school and Hayden's already saying that he likes you...a lot," he said, running a hand through his hair. Claire was mouthing random stuff at me and motioning at me to hurry up while Sierra shuffled from foot to foot. The thing is, Sierra kind of likes Drew, and I mean, who wouldn't? But apparently she told us all first that she has a crush on him, while I kept it a secret, and there's this friend rule that you can't date or like the person your friend likes. So effing stupid. I've known Drew way longer then that fatass, anyways. Oops, did I say fatass? I mean it.
The thing is, Sierra came, like, in the first weeks of June last year. She dated this guy Sean, and because of that, she gained a tiny bit of popularity in our grade. Now that it's the start of a new year, she's been hogging everyone I know. I don't hold a grudge against her or something, but I feel like she's trying to take my place here at Eastwood. It's pretty obvious that won't happen, 'cause I've been here since the start and everyone I know, for example Claire and Drew, will always be closer to me, but still. Paranoia, I guess.
"Hayden? Again? What's with him?" I frowned, pulling at a long lock of my ash brown hair. Hayden was one of my friend's, and last year this new girl, Trissa started crushing on him. He didn't like her back, so he asked me to pretend and date him for as long as she was there. We use to cuddle and hug in front of her (we never kissed), and she finally left after her second month. Hayden apparently took 'us' seriously and confessed that he liked me, and I didn't know what to say. He still is my friend, though.
"I'm pretty sure it's 'cause of last year," Drew shrugged.
"C'mon, Ew, we didn't even date. It was pretend," I smirked at the face he made when I called him by his oh-so-hated nickname, Ew.
"Don't call me that, Exi," he shot back, and I grimaced. Okay, that's just one hell of a bad nickname. I laughed anyways, and then checked the time on my iPhone just as the second bell rang.
"Let's go!" Claire scowled, and we all fell in step as we walked to Ms. Culbertson's classroom. The good thing about being in Culbertson's class is that she gives no freaking shit about what we do, and she practically just eats and sleeps the whole day. I am so glad we have her most periods.