
PRUSSIA POV
I shield my eyes from the sun leaking in from the window. I glanced at the clock, it was 8:00 in the morning. I flung the covers off me and stepped out of my bed. I rubbed my eyes while walking to the bathroom. I flipped on the lights witch and brushed my teeth. I stripped off my pajamas and got in the shower. After that was done, I put on new clothes and looked in the mirror.
Something was off.
I looked up and down at my self. Patted around my body and looked again. Them it hit me. Gilbird was gone. My eyes widened and threw stuff all around the bathroom looking for him. I checked the shower, sink, cabinets and the toilet. I couldn't find Gilbird anywhere in there.
I ran into my bedroom, maybe the windows were closed and he couldn't get in when he was let out. Wrong, the windows where all wide open and Gilbird was no where to be found. I flung most of my things around the room looking for him. "Vere ze HELL is Gilbird!?" I yelled aloud. West looked in my room.
"Vat are you doing?" He asked, holding his coffee. He just woke up.
"Gilbird iz gone and I don't know vere he is!" I yelled again. This time I was more distressed. I kept looking through my things, but he was still, nowhere to be found.
"Don't stress yourself out zat much. Gilbird is probably somevere around here." West said walking off. I stared after him and kept throwing things around. Once I came to terms that. Gilbird was not in my room, I ran out into the living room. Going through the same process I did in my room. I eventually checked every room in the house. Even the guest rooms.
I ran out into the backyard and started pulling up rocks and looking through the flowers. When I didn't find him, I ran back into my room and grabbed my phone. "Someone must have stole him!" I said with a look that could kill someone. I pulled up my first contact. It was Mattie.
Mattie? Do you know where Gilbird is? I didn't find him this morning!
No, I don't. You can't find him? That doesn't sound like Gilbird."
I know it doesn't, but I can't find him! Did you take him or know anyone who would?!
I wouldn't take him. I know how much he means to you. I also don't know who would take him. Sorry...
Oh okay fine. If you find anything tell me!
Maybe we can throw a party and see how everyone acts around you.
That's a great idea! Text some other countries and tell them to come over. You be here too.
I shut off my phone and started pacing the floors. Who would steal Gilbird? I picked up my phone again and dialed my new found suspects. Time to find Gilbird.