
hey i'm Irfan, i'm a 15 year old boy who everyone calls 'emo'. i'm a little different to everyone else but apparently that's a bad thing but i don't know why. whenever i'm with my best friend in school people stare at me and look at me as if i was an animal. we don't look the same as everyone else at school and we act a little differently but i don't know why everyone is against that. it's not like we act violently or rudely we are just different. i have black hair covering a part of my face and my friend has one side of her head shaved off and i don't find that bad but everyone says she looks like a lesbian which can't be true. we always hang around together at break and lunch and we try not to notice everyone else judging us but it's not as easy as you think. i have major and bipolar depression plus i have social anxiety which makes it hard for me to put up with all the stress i get from school and from my parents but i have to put up with it no matter what.
i got home from school one day really tired the stress from school once again so i went up to my room, got changed and then sat down to watch some YouTube. i suddenly got a message on my phone from this guy i was talking to online. he was only two years older than me and seemed like a 'cool' guy so i didn't mind talking to him so i went onto the app which he was messaging me from and went on the message i just received. it wasn't too interesting we just talking about the usual, how was your day and stuff like that but then he asked me to call him. we text-ed each other  for a couple of hours. i didn't like talking to people over the phone because i found it uncomfortable for some reason so i tried explaining to him that i didn't want to but somehow he persuaded me to call him, so i did. i called him but i was still nervous for calling someone who i haven't met for the first time in my life. like i said he seemed pretty 'cool' so i decided that calling him wasn't such a bad thing after all. we had a small conversation mostly of him asking questions such as "are you feeling okay?" and general questions like that. we talked for quite a while probably for an hour or two and it was past midnight so i decided that it was time to stop talking and i told him i was really tired and needed some sleep, this wasn't true since i stay awake until really late at night anyway but i just felt like i should stop talking to him. he repeatedly asked me to talk to him and not hang up but i was feeling a little uncomfortable so i explained that i was too tired and he finally agreed and he hung up.
i couple of days later he asked me to call him again. i refused since he wouldn't stop last time but he said 'it won't be so long this time' so i agreed. this was a mistake, i called him up and everyone seemed normal but i could hear something in the background. we had the normal conversation so i asked him what the noise was. he refused telling me and tried to hide it up by trying to talk about something else but i wanted to know, i wasn't the pushy type pf person but he seemed very mysterious to me. i finally convinced him and he decided to tell me. he said "ye i'm just jacking off over your voice and your profile pic" which got me freaked out so i told him that was really weird of him to do and i ended the call. since then he has been texting me again and again but i don't want to be reminded of how disgusted i felt at that moment of finding out the truth about that guy.