
"JOSH." Yelled Mary. Mary owned the orphanage. "THERE:S A FAMILY HERE THAT WANTS TO ADOPT COME DOWN PLEASE." I can do this. I thought to myself. I walked downstairs and there were four people. "Hi Josh. I'm Chica." Said the one in yellow. She looked about 14 and had short blonde hair in a bob, a pale yellow sundress, yellow pumps and purple eyes. The boy beside her looked about 15 (my age) and had purple hair, white undershirt, a purple vest, black Jeans, purple converse and magenta eyes. "This is Bonnie." Said Chica and pointed to the guy in purple. "Hi." I said with a smile. "Hey." He said. The guy beside Bonnie looked about 20 and had medium length brown hair, ice blue eyes, brown trousers, brown sweater and black formal shoes. "Hello. I'm Freddy." He said. "Hello." I said back. Then there was Foxy. He had amber eyes, red hair, red trousers, black boots, a hook for a hand and a red long sleeve top.
"Well Josh, you should go pack your stuff...your being adopted." Said Mary with a smile but she was tearing up. I was gonna miss her.
I went upstairs and packed my things. It didn't take me long since I didn't have that much stuff. I went downstairs and said goodbye to Mary and she started crying.
"Remember Josh, if you ever need anything, don't hesitate to ring me or text me or even come down." She said.
"Thanks Mary. I won't ever forget." I said with tears in my eyes.
I put my stuff in the back of the car, they had a huge car, and waved to Mary as we drove off.
"So Josh. Tell us about yourself." Said Foxy. He had a strong pirate accent. It was kinda cool actually. "Well my names Josh. I'm 15 years old. I've been in the orphanage since I was a week old because my mother died while giving birth to me and my father had left her when he found out she was pregnant. I'm from California. I'm homeschooled." I told them.
"Awww I'm so sorry Josh." Said Chica.
"It's okay." I smiled
We pulled up to the house. Wow it was a big house. When we got inside we were greeted by sox people. (I'm gonna let you guys imagine how Toy Bonnie, Toy Chica, Marionette, Toy Freddy, Golden Freddy and Springtrap look like.) I said hi to them and went to my room. It was black with rock posters all over it and ..make up? There was also a bunk bed. Looked like I was sharing a room with a girl. But Toy Chica, Mangle and Chica looked like they were girly and not emo. Suddenly a girl shot up from the top bunk. "HELLO." She said. I jumped and fell on my face. She started laughing. I got up and looked at her. She had dark blue hair, blue eyes, she was wearing a black t shirt that said hearbreaker on it in different colour sequins and blue high waisted jeans. (This is me and I actually own these clothes XD) "Whoops sorry." She giggled. "You must be Josh. I'm Jade." She said. Cute name. I thought. "Thanks." She said with a smirk. "Thanks for what?" I said confused. "For saying I have a cute name." She said and laughed. "How did you know I said that..well thought it.""I can read minds." She said. Looks like I'm gonna have to be careful with this one.
Hi guys so I added myself to the story cos I got bored. I actually look like that. I wanna do a Josh x me XD XD. I'm not doing lemons though. No way. Anyways byeeeee x~Jay