
"Im the daimont you left in the dust,im the future you lost in the past,seems like i never compared would notice if i disappearYou stole the love that i saved from myself, and i watched you give it to somebody elseBut these scars,no longer i hide. I found the light you shut inside, wouldn't love me if you tried" Pini sings along while the public is clapping the hands.
"Am i still not good enoughAm i still not worth that much..im sorry for the way my life turned out,sorry for the smile im wearing nowGuess im still not good enough" Andy and me sing. We're not that nervous,we're getting used to this
"Does it burn,knowing i used all the pain. Does it hurt, knowing you're fuel to my flame. Dont look back,dont need your regrets, Thanks god you left my heart behind, wouldnt love me uf you tried" Kriti sings her lyrics, its her favorite part. Then Kriti,Arsi and pini sing the refren. And my part is after the second refren"Realize your course, cause i know my worth, these words you made are gone you ain't seen nothing yet. Your love wore thin and i never win, you want the best so sorry thats cleary not me, this is all i can be" i sing and then we sing in chour the last part of the song. This performance is incredible....
"And this was good enough by Trils "katy said as she gave us the award. We are a band, a girl band and our management is Tommy, we fight a lot with him because he's so annoying. He yells a lot and i can't support him. But we are stuck with him for three other years. We all write our songs but Arsi and Andrea are the bestiest. Me and pini, and Kriti can play the guitar.We dont have boyfriends, we don't really have time to find someone nice and caring like we want to. Well kriti has a boyfriend but he's a jerk with us. When he's with kriti he acts like he loves her and us but when kriti is not there he acts like an asshole. But we can't say this to her, we would break her heart. Anyway tonight we won the award like the 'best song'. We're so excited. I'm leaving my dream with my best friends and i love them so much. We re going in tour this year. We arr also friends with taylor swift and ariana grande. Ariana is so funny, taylor is loyal and understanding but no one can control her when she's angry , she has anger issues. She got hurt by harry styles from one direction in the past. We hate them so much, poor Taylor she isn't over harry yet she still writes songs about him but well she has a new boyfriend now and he loves her. So he can help her to forget harry that manwhore. Yeah i hate him and his friends. Just because they have million of fsns they think they're the king of the world! God they seem so big-headed.we're sitting in the same table with taylor,ariana and selena. We talk a bit about life and boyfriends. Selena told us how much she hates justin.Ariana broke up with sean and she tells ud about it.
"And the best video performance goes to one direction" katy said as i rolled my eyes so did kriti,andy,pini and arsi. "Again" i say annoyed"Like always" taylor sighs. We talk about them and kriti tells how much we hate these boys.
"Why Harry won't keep his eyes off of us" Ariana asks looking at them.
"Maybe he wants Taylor back" selena suggests
"Or maybe he's looking for his new victim" Arsi shouted and we laughed after seeing her face expression.
"Come on girls, he's not that bad" taylor says still laughing. We saw Tommy coming towards us.
"Girls i talked to One Direction managemeent and we decided that Arsi with Andrea are going to write a song for them" he explains and we look at him shocked. He's crazy right. Poor arsi and andy, i would never want to be them right now.
"I'm definitely  NOT doing this" andrea shouts in front of him. "Me neither" arsi says and beefore she could say more he cut her off "Girls, you're definitely DOING this okay. See you soon" he says and walks away. I can't believe this!!