
Nicoles pov.
"Do i look ok?" i ask smoothing my hair down.Diamond my best friend smiles,"You look great. Get in there." I sigh and get out of the car,"Thanks. Wish me luck."I get out the car and walk towards to huge glass building with the name.Gold.Shown above.I walk in through the clear glass doorand see a busy main entrance.I see women and men dressed in the blue and gold uniform walking around.The floor is glass marble,the walls are glass and and the decorarions and gorgeous.I exhale and walk to the front desk.*********Dylans pov.
"Dad, come on." i say slamming my hands on his desk,"One more advnce and i move out of your hair."My dad sighs,"I told you No. You never work. Why would i give you an advance? Get a job then we'll talk."I glare, angry."No way. Theres no jobs here in New York worth my time.""Then you'll never get an advance huh?" my dad grabs a folder and reads through it."Dad." i say slowly trying to keep my cool,"You own a 700 billion doller company. Is it so hard to ask for a 300 doller advance?""yes." he anwers,"Now. Get out and find a job. I offered you a job here and you always refuse. Always know...the door is open for you. Now a meeting and i need you to do one simple job.""What?" i spit out roughly."Theres a new intern coming anf i need you to just tell her to orangize these files." he points to a stack on his desk,"Thats it. Tell her im sorry for not being able to meet her and i will soon. Can you do that?"I sigh,"Yeah. Will you pay me?"My dad slaps a 20 on the desk,"God dammit Dylan."And with that he walks out upset.*********Nicoles pov.
"Hi, im Nicole. Im the new Intern for Mr.Gold." i say to the lady at the front.She looks at her apple computer and says,"Okay. Mr.Gold is at a meeting but his son is up there and he'll give you the whole introduction for today. Just wear this..." She hands me a small rectangular gold pin that has my name printed in cursive black ink.Wow. Nice.I take it and pin it on."Mr.Golds room in on the 60th floor."I nod,"Thanks."I blush as i walk away and enter into to the elevator.Even the elevator is nice and clean.Once i reach the 60th floor im the only one in the elevator.Oh god.Here i go.About to meet the CEO's son. Even that is nerve racking.I walk out and find two wooden double doors are the only thing on this floor.I guess thats it.I walk slowly over and knock on the doors.
"Come in!" a deep,strong voice booms.I open the door and stare in awe.The floor is glass, and a whole wall is dedicated to just a huge window that allows you to see the beautiful city of New York."And you are?"I look to see a young handsome boy sitting at a desk, with his feet crossed on the desk.I swallow."I-im Nicole."He raises and Eyebrow,"And?""And im the New Intern for Mr.Gold."He stays looking at me with a poker face.I have no idea what he's thinking.Its an awkward 3 minutes before he gets up."My dads in a meeting. Im his son...and while your here...why dont you tell me about you."he gives an evil smile.I blush and walk towards him.I take a seat in A white leather chair and i look down,"Like uh- uh what do you wanna know?""Bra size...G-string size."I look up at him wondering if hes serious.He has A dead serious face on.I scoff with laughter,"Are you kidding?""No, im not." he says simply.I blush and look away confused and upset he would ask such rude questions."I asked you a question." he demands.I look up almost like a dog snaps at a comand.I swallow,nervous."Can you all of a sudden not talk?" he snaps.I clear my throat,"I-i can talk."He nods,"Well thank god for that.." he says with deep sarcasm."Whats your Bra size?" he asks again.I look down, so scared he gonna slap me,"32D."He laughs,"Damn! Most of your fat goes there huh?"I say nothing." Why are you quiet?" he says," I dont bite...well,.in bed i might."I shiver and dare look up at his ice blue eyes.A door opens and i turn to see who it is.Mr.Gold.Thank god.I stand up quickly."Hey dad." the son says,"Your intern just got here. I was about to tell her to sort the files but you walked in."What a fucking liar."Well hello there." Mr.Gold smiles,"Im Josh Gold. Call me Mr.Gold. You've met my son." he smiles walking to his desk.Yea i have." Dyaln, say bye Ms. Nicole Widle. You two wont be seeing each other soon." Mr.Gold smiles winking at me.I smile, he must know his son an ass to.Dylan walks over with a sly smile on his face.He grabs my hand which scares me beyond life.He kisses hand slowly tracing his tonuge around.He lets my hand go and whispers so quiet even his farther cant hear,"We will, be seeing each other soon.very soon."Oh god.Someone help me.