
Addison
I'm housesitting with my little sister Lily. That's why I invited Jason, Nicole, Roman, and Katrina over for lunch. I made spring rolls, their favourite. My parents are gone on a cruise and my older brother Jackson is gone camping with his friends.
'Ding dong.' They're here! Before I got to the door, Lily ran to it and tugged it open. Jason strutted in, planting a small kiss on my cheek as he came in. Nici and Rina skipped over to me, hugging me. Roman just waved his hand as giving me a smile. Ma squad's all here. We dug into lunch like feral dogs, which we kinda are, and then, suddenly, the door burst open, and three guys walked in. The one in the middle eyed me, and runs over. Before he can get me, Jason jumps in front of me.
"Step away from the lady and no one will be harmed." Mystery man's voice was smooth and calm, as if he didn't just barge in on a group of teen wolves eating lunch and conversing.
Jason growled, and when he spoke his voice sounded more powerful and deep. "I believe that the 'lady' has a name, and that she isn't going anywhere until you get out of her house you imbecile." "He's right, dude. Oh and, the name's Addison. And you better leave before Alpha Jason Blakk here goes all ape shit on you." The man looked shocked, and he looked between Jason and I. "Wait... you're Jason Blakk? The ruthless killer who kills any rogue that crosses his or his pack's path? The youngest Alpha to be initiated? You??"
"Yup, and I don't think of myself as a ruthless killer. I have a heart. I only kill the rogues to rid of their wrong doing, not for the fun of it. In fact, most of the rumours you've possibly heard are fake. Plus, I'll go to any extent to protect my little mate." The mystery man clicked a little button, and a ton of other guys jumped out of the shadows. "Your mate?? Addison Vale is my rightful mate." "Is not. Ok Addison go run to the car, with Nici, Rina, and Lily. Roman will come too, I'll be there in a sec." "No Jason. I'm not leaving you here by yourself." "Go NOW Addison!" She whimpered, grabbing Lily's hand and pulling her outside, my wolf's voice dripping into that of my own.