
High school, you know all fun and games, meet new people, point out who's the assholes are and who are the people you belong around. The first day of Freshman year seems terrifying! Which it is! You are in a new place, there are new people. You find out all your classes you have and see who you know from middle school. You meet your teachers, either they're assholes or they're really great and nice. I've had both. There are so many things to talk about that your experience during Freshman year. Then there is Sophomore year, Junior year, and finally Senior year. That's the year everyone says is suppose to be fun, however there are more things to do then you think. But really it's a crazy year.  You get more homework then ever! Some teachers you might get actually help you along your way with everything, if you get lucky enough. You will be scared out of your mind, wondering if you're going to graduate or not. You will see all the drama around all four years. Sometimes the drama jumps into your life, however it's just high school drama. And sometimes you develop habits like: drinking, smoking, or getting in to bad habits just for fun. The last year of your high school will start to slowly change. One day you look back at the other three years and see all the differences. How you dressed, how you looked, from who your friends were, and how your friends are now. You look back relationships you've had that didn't ever really last long and realize you were never in love. It wasn't ever a mistake you made in your life either. It was just a step up to where life is taking you. Everything you went through in high school was just a big step up to where life is taking you. After those four years of your teenage life, you're real life begins. You walk the stage to get your diploma and walk away. As your family and friends gather around you and celebrate; in the back of your head you are scared and wondering "What happens next? Where will life take me now?" So many things go through your head. Well at least that was just me. But I'm sure my friends and boyfriend felt the same way right? Yes, high school was great, but not all of it, sadly. It was very rough for me, however the end of Senior year it was it couldn't have been better than I thought, also stressful. I finally got with someone that will make me happy and I can be myself with forever. Even though I've known him for a quite some time before we started dating, but hey we ending up being together. Things started to fall in place for me, rather slowly. The way I wished it would. Words can't explain the things that happened and how life started to fall in place for me; it was amazing and it still is. Of course a lot has happened in high school, but that's all over now. And of course the worlds a scary place, but you can do it, we all can. Just don't ever doubt yourself and keep your head up high, forget about all the negativity like drama and stupid things and smile even if you have to fake it. It will be easier for you in high school, trust me. Oh and one more thing, NEVER give up on yourself, even in life because you're worth the world, trust me.