
"Can you adjust the lighting before we start Hannah?" Last minute preparations suck, I can tell you that first hand, especially when it's a photoshoot and you're the photographer. Being a model would be much easier in my opinion."Don't worry Alls, it'll all be fine!" How can I not worry? If I mess this up then my whole career would be over.Oh, sorry, I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Allie Swan and I'm a twenty-five year old famous photographer. A bit too young? I'll agree but my passion is quite old. I've been into photography since I was six years old. In my childhood, I would use my dad's second hand camera to capture pictures of trees. Many of them turned out to be master pieces, I'll let you know that."Allie!" I turn around to find myself face to face with the designer of Gucci."Oh my, Rhonda! I'm sorry, things are running a bit late." She chuckles."Not a problem! My models need a little time before they can pose for the cameras anyways. You work too hard honey, go find someone to have fun with." Fun?! Not in my lifetime. I have devoted myself to one thing only and that is photography.I don't believe in love or marriage for that fact. I've seen my mother suffer through the stages of a divorce. Men disgust me. My sister wasn't very lucky either, she got a divorce after only two months. I guess... it runs in the family."Oh Rhonda, guys are just a one-night stand, I'd rather focus on my career.""You've been a photographer for seven years now sweetie! How much longer are you going to wait?" I can't believe I'm having this conversation again and with the designer of Gucci too!"Not this conversation again... Hannah, you better fix that blue light or I'm going to strangle you." I distract myself from the conversation by walking over to my camera desk. Cameras are like my first love! I have a whole collection of them.Vintage ones, antique ones and every other kind!"You can't ignore this conversation forever Al. You have to face the fact that it's time to get sett--""Don't say that word! I hate the idea of getting settled..." The words are shouted before I can take them back. Everyone in the studio is now staring at me."Everybody, go back to work!" Rhonda to the rescue."You didn't have to help me..." I mumble under my breath as I adjust my camera's brightness."I did." She flashes me a cute smile before walking away. I look at all the models around me, they're all looking gorgeous. They've got the ten on ten figure and perfect features for it as well.I'm just a clumsy little girl. I have brown long hair with bangs on the top and blue eyes. My nose is crooked from the end and I have a five on ten figure. I could never rock one of those dresses."Allie Swan, right?" I look up to find a beautiful girl looking at me. She has beautiful blonde waves and plump red lips covered in Cherry gloss. She has a buttoned nose and mesmerizing green eyes."Y-yes ma'am." She chuckles when I supposedly call her "ma'am.""No formalities needed honey." She flips her hair and smiles at me."I see.""You know, I want to offer you a modeling job." She flashes a grin at me. Me and modeling? No way Jose, I prefer being the one with the camera magic."I don't really think so. I'm more comfortable working with the camera.""Does Allie Swan lack self-esteem?" She's basically smirking at me with her glamorous eyes. I realize if the most amazing model in this industry has offered me this job then I really must be something."What would you rate my figure Tasha?" I ask her awkwardly. How more stupid could I be?"Eleven on ten honey! You've got amazing curves but you need to show them off. Go low on the coverage." She winks at me."Well then, I'll show you how much self-esteem I have. When's this shoot?" She giggles and advances her hand for some shaking. I return the gesture."It's at Gucci's official studio downtown. Meet me there at eight am." I nod as she sashays away. What have I gotten myself into?***I walk over to the studio dressed in a red body-con dress and red velvet heels. The size of the studio doesn't exactly impress me, being a famous photographer, I've seen better. "Hey, you didn't wussy out of this!" I find myself face to face with Tasha, the same model I was having a conversation with yesterday."Not really, I had to prove myself." I reply flipping my, now, straightened hair."I'll have to say, you look better than me.""Thanks." I sashay past her into the office. Hey, she was the one to question my self-esteem.***I enter the studio to find myself surrounded by a group of famous models. Everywhere I look, I find myself face to face with a glamorous girl with a stunning body figure and features. I gulp nervously and walk over to one of them. "Hey, I'm Allie Swan." She just stares at me with a look of disbelief in her eyes."Silly, I know who you are. Who wouldn't? You're a world famous photographer but I wouldn't believe it if anyone told me you started modeling.""Well, not really. Tasha just brought it up casually and I decide to take her up on the offer.""You're lucky, Tasha doesn't offer many people. You must be something special." "Thanks." I walk over to a group of models."Hi." "Allie Swan? Oh my gosh, your going to model with us?" One of them shrieks in her high-pitched noise."Yeah, just decided to give it a try?" The other model smirks."You don't just fling shoots like this honey, you need talent." One of them nudges her."Ignore Alexia, she's hard core. I think you have the body and features for it. By the way, I'm Sandy." I flash her a smile as a thank you."I'm Lola and I love the color pink!" Replies the girl with the high-pitched voice."Nice to meet you all." Before I can have a solid conversation, an announcement is made."All models are requested to fill into the dressing rooms and get their makeup checked." Everyone rushes into a room with a star on it, I make a hunch and enter the same room.***I walk into the room and take a seat. A little while later, I'm surrounded by a group of young girls with all kinds of cosmetics. They slither some gloss onto my lips and dab my face with Mac. They carefully set my eyelashes and add some eyeshadow to my eyes. They walk away giggling to another model after some time. I must say, I look glamorous. Tasha was right, I have the ten on ten curves for modeling. With the makeup, I look even more stunning.I walk over to where the shoot is taking place and notice something. Basically, I notice the photographer. Cameron LeBlanc, the reason I started photography."Oh my God. Mr. LeBlanc, is it really you?" He looks up with a silly smirk on his face."Oui madam et who might you be?" I blush."Well right now... I'm just one of these models. Outside this studio, I'm a photographer." He scans my face for a second and then goes to my dress."You are Allie Swan, right?" He speaks in a tone of shock."Oui." I nod in enthusiasm. How would you feel if your Senpai noticed you? Like you've just been transported to cloud nine, right? That's exactly how I felt!"I love you work darling! It's an inspiration to artists all around the world." He flashes me a smile and goes back to his work. I walk over to the stage and decide to fix my hair before the shoot starts.Tasha walks up to me and takes the place next to me."I decided you could have your first shoot with me." She grins at me."My pleasure Tasha." I grin back at her and we both end up giggling. "Okay ladies! Enough chit-chat, now pose for the camera and give me something fierce." Cameron says clapping his hands around. I blow a kiss for a camera while Tasha primps. Suddenly, I feel a slight confidence boost. After a few more poses, the shoot is over."Excellent work Al! You rocked that shoot." Suddenly I am bombarded with compliments but my attention is only set to one person.The boy chatting with Cameron LeBlanc.***A/N: There it is! The first chapter of my new story, "Picture to my heart." I am currently working on the next part of "You and I." It's going to be a bit late since I still have to write 2000 more words.The thing with this story is I can write as much as I want. I, myself, developed a sudden interest for photography this summer. I'm actually saving up to buy a Olympus 35 RC or Nikon FM10. I know, they're pretty cheap ones. My parents don't want to let me buy something too professional in case I drop this hobby like all the others. Until, I have enough money... I have to make do with a Sony mini-camera. It sucks!Anyways, I hope you guys like this chapter and if you want more, tell me in the comments.Bye!