
As a kid, I had always imagined the future would be a wonderful place. A future full of laughter, happiness, and AWESOME inventions. That's what we all thought.  It started off the way we all imagined; scientists had found the universal cure, the cure that worked on every disease. Illness was eradicated, and celebration ensued. Not everything is perfect, though. There's always little holes, and sand in a bag will always find these holes and spill out. A new illness had surfaced, and this time there was no cure. It took us by surprise; Mother Nature had finally caught up. It was worse than anything we'd ever seen. As I sit here now, crying on my favorite park bench, I realize that behind all the glamour is a world where  there's no such thing as personality. Love, creativity, imagination, happiness. All gone. Stolen by the drainers. In all this mess, I've managed to hold on to my humanity. I'm all alone now...it's time I figured out how to dig myself out of this mess I'm in. All I know is that I can't give up. I can't give in. I can't let them take what's left of me. I need to find a cure before it's too late.---------------------------------------------DeterminationI can't give up I can't let go I can't fall down Or let my goals goI'm too determinedI'm too strong I trust my gut It's never been wrong After all this timeBeing stuck in this messI can't lose sight of what makes me the best I never lose sight of goals and dreamsEven after I'm dead, it seemsDead inside Dead in my heart Dead in my mind Dead-icated in making sure no one ends up like meFinding a cure is what matters nowThe depression's here, I CAN'T GIVE UP---------------------------------------------Author's note: Hey there! I'm so so sorry that I've barley written anything in the past half a year! I'm so disappointed in myself because I quit writing but this time I'm gonna try my best to not quit. I've decided to start over with a new story that (in a way) symbolizes my loss of imagination during the past six months. Do you like my poem at the end? I'm thinking of putting emotion poems at the end of each chapter. Let me know what you think. I'll be back soon (I PROMISE!!) 😛