
Mitch rolled out of bed, stretching his arms above his head. After nearly an hour of getting dressed and ready for work, Mitch was down stairs and in the kitchen. "Good morning," Mitch said as he walked past his parents. "You're up early." His mother said, smiling over her coffee. "First day of work," Mitch said, grinning wide. He poured himself a cup of coffee and reached over his father's shoulder. He took the piece of toast and smiled. "Wish me luck!" "Be careful, Mitchie." He heard his father say. "There's supposed to be a storm today. A big one." "Yessir," Mitch called, pulling his shoes on. "I mean it, if it's too bad to drive, pull over. Got it?" "Yessir," Mitch playfully saluted him and earned an eye roll. "I'll be careful. Don't worry." He hugged his mother and patted his dad's shoulder. "I'll see you guys for dinner. I'll try not to be late." "You better not be," his mom said as she handed him his keys. "I'm making lasagna. The new neighbors that moved in down the street are coming over for dinner." "Yes ma'am," he smiled again and walked out to his car. He sat in and checked his hair before starting his car and pulling into the street.
"Oh.. shit." Mitch looked up through his windshield to see the darkening sky. "Not now, not now. Fuck me." He tapped the wheel impatiently as he got stuck in traffic. "Screw this," he quickly jolted the wheel right and pulled off the road and onto the back roads.
Mitch slammed down on the breaks when a figure ran out in front of his car. "Fucking hell!" Mitch spun the wheel and tried to avoid the figure, only to feel his mind get heavy.
Mitch felt water hit his face and heard the sound of metal crushing together. His head slammed into the wheel as his car rolled over until it hit a pole. It felt like hours before Mitch pulled himself from his car. He looked up to see lightning bolt across the sky and he covered his head, feeling a warmth spread through his head. He pulled his hand away and looked down at it to see it covered in blood. "Oh shit," Mitch felt the environment around him slow to a halt before a warming sensation surrounded him.