
"Get your ass you of this fucking house!" My so called father kept screaming at me so I grabbed my shit I packed from the night before knowing I won't come back. I had my pocket stuffed with my chargers then snuck into my dads room grabbing the food stamps card, credit card, and some cash and the last of my cigarettes he had of mine and hid the stuff then walked out the door. I saw my little brother holding my long board he knew me and my "father" would fight for the last time. I couldn't take getting hit any more. I put on my back backpack taking the soda and water my brother handed me with my lighter. I held a cigarette in my mouth and lit it putting the lighter in my hoodie pocket. I went in the road and started to long board away I wasn't sure where I was going but I always wanted to go to London.
For what felt like days it's only been 8 hours then I accidentally ran into this girl I put my log broad in my backpack and helped her "I'm sorry I ran into you, I'm Jake, I would love to get your name." I saw her leg was bleeding and I grabbed a bandaid and put it over her cut. "It's fine my names Tara..." I heard a soft voice call. One I heard the sound of her voice I was in love with her and she looked stunning. "Are you sure you're not hurt?" I managed to ask. "I'm sure Jake." She started to blush and that made me smile. "So where are you going I'll walk with you so nothing bad happens to a pretty princess like you." She kept blushing and I smiled more. "I'm just on my way home but if you can walk me." she sounded happy to hear. I held out my hand to her hoping she'd grab it. I was only okay with this cause she looked my age. She grabbed my hand softly like an angel would not saying she couldn't be one. "So can I take you to dinner pick a place you want. I'll pay my treat." She stood there to think about it I found it adorable that she had to thing about it. "Only if we and go to Olive Garden." We smiled at each other like she read my mind.
"Both for two I'll take it?" Asked the waiter as he walked us to our candle lit booth away from all the people. Tara asked to switch spots because her back her and all I did was nod the she got up and sat really close to me so I put my arm around her. "Awe that's a cut couple." Said groups of people glancing at us and I smiled brightly as Tara blushed. Five seconds before our drinks came Tara's head was on my shoulder. I think she only did it to make the people happy.