
"Clarissa Fray!" My mother angrily calls. A sigh escapes my mouth and I slug out of my warm bed. The minute my feet hit the cold ground, I miss the covers. My feet carry me down the hallway, even though my mind is screaming bed.
"What?" I ask when I see her behind the stove.
"Simon called eight times. He even texted me a dozen times. You need to call him back!" She exclaims and hands me a plate of food.
"Why didn't you tell him I was sleeping?" I groan.
"He said that it was urgent." she replies with a pointed look. I huff and set the plate back down.
"You should call him before he shows up here. Jocelyn would have a fit." Luke pitches in. Luke is my moms friend, I've always suspected that they had something more, I mean the man is always at my house. But she won't admit it. He's been in my life for as long as I can remember.
"I'll call him." I state and go back to my room. I close the door, then grab my cellphone and dial his number.
"Clary!" He sighs in relief.
"Hey simon." I mumble and lay back down.
"I need you to come to Java Jones. Eric is doing the morning poetry slam and I can't go through that alone again." he states.
"Simon, you woke me up to get me to go listen to some lame poetry?" I huff.
"Newsflash, sleeping beauty, it's nine am. Time to get up, and get dressed. I'll be at your door in ten minutes." he replies and the line goes dead. I glare at the phone but climb back out of bed and go to my closet.
I throw on a simple pair of jeans and a colorful shirt. I put a plaid shirt over it, to keep myself warm from the cold New York air, then slip my feet into brown boots.
My flaming red hair gets thrown into a ponytail. Not bothering to put makeup on, I rush out of my room. The doorbell rings and I grab my bag off of the hook by the door.
"Be home by noon." My mom calls.
"Okay!" I reply and leave the apartment. Simon stands in front of me. His brown hair is shaggier than ever and it looks like he just climbed out of bed and threw a clean pair of clothes on. Not that I'm judging, I did that very thing.
"Ready?" He asks.
"Yea, lets get this over with." I reply. He chuckles and we leave the building. The cold air immediately gets to me and I shiver. We jog across the street, luckily there's no traffic at this time, then we begin walking down the long street.
"I forgot to tell you something." he states.
"What?" I curiously ask.
"Happy birthday!" He excitedly exclaims. My nose scrunches up and he frowns.
"I told you not to remind me! I don't like celebrating!" I exclaim and slap his chest.
"It's your birthday, you have to celebrate... Here, open this." he says and hands me a small bag.
"Simon-""Open it." he interrupts.
"I'll open it when we get inside." I reply and we begin pushing our way through the crowded street. He grabs my hand to keep from loosing me, then somehow gets us inside the small coffee shoppe.
"I'll get the drinks, do you want to find us a table?" He asks.
"Yea." I reply and trail through the crowded area. I get to the farther back and take the first table I see. When I sit down I peak into the gift bag. There's a small ring box inside. So I take it out and open it. A silver band sits inside. It has a ruby red birthstone, my birthstone, sitting on top of it. It's beautiful.