
Isabella POV:
Today is my last day to spend time with my family before my first love, ex- boyfriend, best friend and fellow country singer Jasper Whitlock travel to Europe for our upcoming concert tour, where we will be releasing our newest debut albums together.
We will be gone for exactly six months on the dot. This morning my husband James called the girls' school ta let them them know that we would be keeping them home from school so they could spend the day with their mama before I take off for my tour.
And tonight he will be taking me out to dinner for a romantic night out on the town, I sigh, while looking out my bedroom window with a dreamy look on my face!I will admit that I'm super excited to go and can't wait till we leave cuz I know I'm gonna be with Jasper having the time of my life, but at the same time I will definitely miss my dear sweet husband and two precious daughters, sighs thoughtfully!
(Five minutes later)
Mama, mama can you you make us a special breakfast this morning pretty please? My daughter's Scarlett and Sophie asked excitedly as they came barreling into my room, jumping on me!Of course I can make you little ladies a special breakfast, I exclaimed joyfully! What do my precious little angels want this morning, I asked asked hugging them both, while ruffling their hair, causing them to giggle!
We want chocolate chip pancakes with bacon and hash browns please, they said with matching grins! Your wish is my command! I said, laughing and with that I swept both girls up in my arms and carried them downstairs, setting them down at Island counter in the middle of my kitchen. After setting the girls on the counter I quickly set to work making pancakes.
A couple minutes later I heard crying so turned to the girls and noticed my little angels crying, so I quietly stopped mixing the batter, walked over, wrapped my arms around my sweet little girls, so that I was holding them both in my arms. Then I started singing their lullaby as I ran my fingers through their hair to help soothe them.
(Listen to Baby Mine By: Alison Kraus)
Baby mine, don't you cry.Baby mine, dry your eyes.Rest your head close to my heart,Never to part,Baby of mine.
Little one when you play,Don't you mind what they say.Let those eyes sparkle and shine,Never a tear,Baby of mine.
If they knew sweet little you,They'd end up loving you too.All those same people who scold youWhat they'd give just for the right to hold you.
From your head down to your toes,You're not much, goodness knows.But you're so precious to me,Sweet as can be,Baby of mine.
All those same people who scold you,What they'd give just for the right to hold you.
From your head down to your toesYou're not much, goodness knows.But you're so precious to me,Sweet as can be,Baby of mine.Baby of mine!
When I got to the middle of the song the girls had stopped crying and were listening to the sound of my voice as I continue singing the rest of the song.As soon as I finished singing, I looked at the girls and asked why the tears my little angels? My sweet girls just looked up at me with their bright blue eyes, as Zoey asked do you really have to go away for six months mommy? Yes I do sweetheart, but I promise I will be back ok I promise, I said with tears in my eyes!
Why mommy why, can't you and Jasper just take us kids with you guys Scarlett asked me? Yeah, besides we don't even wanna stay here with daddy and the boys don't wanna stay with Victoria, Zoey said quietly!