
"Oi! Don't swear!" I huffed and rolled my eyes. I grabbed the pipes above me and kicked each one of them as the flew under me. They began to follow me as I landed and I sighed, running again.
"Get out of here, Doctor!" He began running out of the hallway. I huffed as I ran down a hallway, dodging laser that the Daleks shot at me. I turned down a hallway sharply, losing one.
Then down another, losing the other one.
"And then there was one." I stopped at a dead end in the hallway. I turned around to face it, crossing my arms.
"Exterminate! Exterminate!" I rolled my eyes and grabbed my gloves from my belt.
"Yeah yeah yeah! Exterminate! Exterminate! Why don't you just go ahead a take the shot instead of screaming it ten million times?! That's bloody annoying!" The Dalek stopped shouting and he looked at my hands as I was putting my gloves on.
"What are you doing?!" I looked up at it as I hit my fists together, causing a red light to rise up to my palm. "What are you doing?!" I smiled and walked up to it and looked it straight in the eye.
"You don't yell at a lady." I slammed my palm down on its case and released a bomb on it. I smiled and walked away.
I smiled and took the gloves off as I heard an explosion behind me. "There's my extermination for you."***
I made it down to the lobby without any trouble and I sighed, not seeing him there. I decided to go to the front desk and rummage through their drawers, looking for whatever I could find that may be useful.
"You know, you shouldn't steal things." I jumped slightly as I heard his voice and I shut the drawer, turning around.
"You're right. It's very rude of me. I mean someone might come back to this dump to get papers." The Doctor laughed and I looked in the room past him.
It felt as if something was pulling me there. I walked out from behind the desk and reached him. He nodded and I kept going, turning on the light and there it was.. The Tardis. The Doctor looked at me with a sly smile.
"Is this a Tardis?" I asked and the Doctor gave me a confused look.
"You know what it is?" He asked.
"I mean. I've never really seen one before. I've always knew what they were somehow but.."
"What does TARDIS stand for?" He asked quietly. I looked at the Tardis and placed my hand on it, stroking the doors lightly.
"Time and Relative Dimension In Space." The Doctor clapped his hands together loudly and smiled, causing me to flinch and pull away.
"Oh my god! You are brilliant! Absolutely brilliant!" He pulled me into a hug and kissed my forehead. I pushed him away and looked at him confusedly.
"What's gotten into you?" He smiled and grabbed me, picking me up then spinning me around. "Doctor?!" He sighed happily and sat me down. I brushed myself off and straightened out my leather jacket.
"Ellie! You're a Timelord!" He said looking me in the eyes with a happy look.
Wait.. What?***A/N:
HELLO! HAI! HOW ARE YOU? THATS GREAT! ANYHOO! This is a Doctor Who fanfiction. I wanted to write one so I've been writing one in secret and I've finally decided to publish it here! Have fun reading! Love you!
~JacklePenguin^•^