
It was a warm desert night. I was sitting here on the balcony of my house looking up at the stars. They're so pretty. Whenever I see them, I see Ashlee. But this time, it didn't make me smile. I'm ready. Ready to die. I don't have anything to live for anymore. I get up and jump off the balcony and roll when I land to absorb the fall. I walk to the gate in my yard and go through. I look out into the farmlands in front of me and I break into a sprint. I'm running away. I realized what I was doing after the fact that I did it. My backpack was tight on my shoulders as I ran. I ran for a good few miles and I stopped. I was in the city now. I sat against the wall of the towering office building above me. I was out of breath as I sat there and saw all of the dancing lights of the city. Everything went fuzzy and I got light headed. I sat there and took a short nap.
I woke up and I look for the moon. It's midnight. I quickly stood up and started walking. It was a busy night. People were everywhere and the traffic was horrible. Cars blaring their horns. People yelling into their cellphones so the person on the other end can hear them. I just kept walking through the cramped space of the sidewalk and found the subway station. I go down eh stairs and make a bee-line for the ticket machine. I get a ticket for the next city, then I go through the checkpoint. It was an old subway so there were no metal detectors. I walk up close to the subway tracks. The tracks across the way were under maintenance and was covers over by a tarp. I look around and slip past security to get behind the tarp where I could be alone.
I got behind the tarp an I'm sitting against the wall. I take off my backpack and take out three things; my razor, my gun, and my alcohol. I pick up the razor and put it to my wrist. I stare at the elegant sheen it has and I start to pull it across my skin. Ever so slowly so that I can really FEEL the pain. I move slightly further down my arm. I cut again slowly. I pull out the piece of leather I had in my backpack and bite on it as I cut. I cut 13 more times. Each one slower than the next and more jagged than the next. I stop and put the now bloody razor down and look at my arm. 15 large cuts cover my arm. I'm bleeding profusely and it shows no sign of stopping. I open the bottle of whiskey I had pulled out before and start drinking. I'm drinking the pain away. It's all I know how to do I help. I was always alone and never had anyone else... Nobody else but Ashlee. I pull it my phone and call her. The phone keeps ringing. I cut on my other arm for every one it rings. She doesn't answer, and I have 7 cuts on my other arm. They are bleeding even more. I call again, and continue to cut with the rings. 5 cuts and rings later, she answers. I start crying. She hears me crying now. I can hear her breathing, then de asks, "Where are you" I answer "In the subway with maintenance being done."She replies, "I'll be there in 5 minutes"
I hung up and I sat there waiting. I pull off my shirt, and I put the razor to my chest. I count every 30 seconds and cut tally marks on my chest until I began to see tiny black splotches in my vision. I have 10 tallies on my chest now. I see someone come through the tarp - It's Ashlee. I slump over and feel the cold concrete on the side of my body. A pool of blood accumulating under me. She sprints towards me and she kneels beside me and puts my head on her lap. I look up at her and stare at her beautiful face. She looks back down at me and smiles as her tears run down her face and drip onto my cheeks. I can't move anymore. Ashlee studies my cuts and looks back at my face. She cries even harder. Then she sees the gun by my now-empty bottle of whiskey. She puts the gun back into the backpack slowly and throws away the bottle. Then she pull out her phone and I black out. I can hear sirens. Then I hear yelling and running footsteps coming closer. I hear the voices of two men, the paramedics. I feel my head leave Ashlee's lap. I can hear her crying even harder now. I'm now on a stretcher and I'm moving out of the subway. I get put on a gerny and I get put in the ambulance. I hear Ashlee enter the back with me and she grabs my hand and holds it. Her tears drip off her cheeks and the fall onto my hand and run down my bloody arms. The paramedic gets to work on patching me up. When he finishes, Ashlee takes my hand again. Everything is silent except for the sirens of the ambulance and the pouring rain outside. Then it completely god silent. I'm completely unconscious now.