
Eleanor's P.O.V.***
"Exterminate! Exterminate!" I heard behind me as I continued run through many many corridors. I ran towards a wall and ran up the wall, flipping over the Daleks causing them to crash into the wall.
I huffed and grabbed my gun, shooting each of them in the eye.
I placed my hands on my knees. My two hearts beat rapidly, one right after the other.
"Well, hello! Who are you?" I heard someone say in front of me. I looked through the huge hole in the wall and the Daleks on the ground. I seen a man with hair down to his ears and a tan tweed coat with the classic bowtie, standing there in front of me with a smile on his face. "I don't favor the whole gun thing but that was amazing!" I chuckled lightly.
He's attractive. I think I may talk to him. This could go somewhere.
"Well. When you're running from the Daleks a lot, you tend to pick up a few things." He raised an eyebrow and walked towards me, stepping over the Dalek bodies.
"Why would you be getting chased by the Dalek's?" He asked, curiously. I raised and eyebrow and looked back at him.
"Why would you be in the same building as me, hiding from them?" He grinned a sly, crooked grin. I sighed, taking my bag off my back, fiddling around with my things.
"Ah. You're clever. I like you. I'm the Doctor. And you are?" He held out his hand. I looked up at him and grabbed his hand.
"Eleanor Pond. Ellie, or El, for short if you would like." I let go of his hand and started digging through my bag again. "So. Doctor what?"
"Just. The Doctor." I looked at him with an eyebrow raised.
"Just. The Doctor?" He nodded.
"Yup." He said, popping the 'p'. He smiled as I shook my head with a smile on my face.
I finally found what I was looking for and I smiled. Grabbing, what looked like a gun, I shot it towards the Daleks, making them fade away.
"What is that?" I heard the Doctor ask. I looked at him as I put it back in my bag.
"It's a teleporter." He nodded as if he was impressed. "Where did you teleport them to?" I shrugged. His eyes widened. "You mean you just teleport them to random places?" I nodded.
"Yeah. Pretty much." He sighed and ran his hand down his face.
"You do know that's dangerous. Right?" I laughed and pinched his cheek.
"Oh, darling. You don't know the beginning of dangerous." I ran my fingers down his face and to his bowtie, to distract him from what I was doing with my other hand.
I grabbed his ear and pulled him down to my height. "If you think that's dangerous then I don't think you should be around me." I instantly shot another bullet through a Daleks eye that was coming in behind him.
He flinched and I smiled, grabbing his hand and pulling him into a different corridor.
I stopped suddenly, almost falling into a big hole in the floor.
"When did that get there?!" The Doctor smiles and laughed.
"That would be me." I sighed and nodded.
"Of course it is." I heard more Daleks coming and I looked at the Doctor.
"I'm going to distract the Daleks. You go find something to get us out of here. I know you have something just please, hurry. I'll be waiting in the lobby downstairs." I seen the Daleks turn to corner and I cursed under my breath.