
Calum Hood; He's a handsome young man, tall, brown/black wavy hair, brown eyed and prudent. 17 years of age. He's also pretty known, he plays soccer for the school and also dabbles a bit in music. This boy can see through everybody, no matter how well they're able to cloak their real feelings.
Monday 07:25
School. That's all I have to say. The day everybody dreads when coming home on a Sunday evening after having a fantastic day. But this is life and I just deal with it like everybody else. Today isn't just any Monday though, my team and I have a soccer match to win. I get up out of bed and do the usual, brush my teeth, mess with my hair till it looks decent, put some jeans and a shirt on, grab my stuff, and head down stairs and grab a quick bite before heading out. Nothing changes. Everyday, it's the same, over and over again. Crystal River Academy, sounds fancy huh? It's really not, there's no uniforms and the school isn't posh looking, it's fairly average. It only takes me a five minute walk and a bus ride to get there. I take a seat on the bus, plug my ear buds in. Nothing usually happens on the bus ride except for one thing. Arabella Degray. She lives near the stop after mine so we ride the same bus. I'm sure you're thinking, "You're seventeen why don't you just drive?" well let me answer your question, I do indeed have a car, I just figured it'd be a waste driving to a school that's very close to me and plus I don't have to do anything, which makes it easier for me in the mornings. Anyways back to the topic of Arabella Degray. She's faultless in everybody's eyes, but in mine I know there's something wrong. Arabella seems like she has the most complete life but no ones life can be as easy as hers looks. She always has her stunning smile on her face and never looks sad. I guess you could say she's always happy and that she never had a time when she was or has been sad. That's a lie though, no ones fully living if they haven't had moments in their life where they weren't heavy hearted. Something really sad is that no ones able to see how much pain she's in except for me. They only see the cloak she puts over herself. I'm curious to know as to why she hides and why she showing everybody a dream. A nightmare won't hurt anybody. The bus comes to a halt. I get off the bus and start walking over the big tree behind the school. Why? because I don't want to encounter any people before I really have to. I haven't been to this tree in so long, I hope no one else sits there in their free time.
07:40
I walk over to the tree only to see someone's sitting there, I can't make out the figure but it's definitely a girl. I make it up to the tree and stand tall next to her. The girl looks up and I realize who it is. Arabella Degray.