
"Please!" The woman cried, begging the man. He was named Inta Kied, but that's not important. He was holding a knife and was absolutely wasted.
"Now now, gorgeous." He slurred. "I only wa--"
He coughed. Anger now showed in his eyes, seemingly random.
"Be quiet, or it'll be worse for you!" He shouted at the cowering woman. He grabbed her arm, jerking it roughly, making her cry out. "I said shut up!"
"Well that's no way to treat a lady." A girl in the shadows observed. The man whirled around, prepared to kill. The girl tutted.
"Now now. No need to get violent." She scolded. Inta scowled at the bothersome girl who had interrupted his 'game'. The girl smirked, even though Inta couldn't see it. She walked out of the shadows and Inta took a step back.
The girl had silver hair and blood red eyes. She wore a blue hoodie layered over a black shirt, jeans, and black boots with red laces. The smile she had on her face, paired with her eyes, which were glowing angrily, made her seem like a demon.
"W-what do you want?!" Inta growled, wondering why he was so scared of this girl. She narrowed her eyes, taking a step forward. He remembered. She was a superhero. One that was usually mentioned in the back of the papers for saving people from rape and murderers. In his fright, Inta had a clear thought.
Use the woman as a shield.
Inta grabbed the poor lady and held her to him, the knife at her neck.
"O-one more step and the lady gets it! I mean it!" He threatened. The hero gazed at them with sadness in her eyes. She sighed.
"Oh, I really hoped I wouldn't have to do this." She mourned. Inta stared in confusion as she reached for her boot. She drew out two silver daggers that were shaped like feathers. Inta gulped and pressed the knife into the woman's throat. She whimpered.
The heroine glared and darted forward, so fast that anyone with a speedometer would think a UFO had passed them. She'd disabled him, brought the lady to safety and had her own blade pressed to Inta's throat before he could blink. He was shocked. It must have shown, because the silver-haired demon chuckled.
"I'm afraid that you have one too many spots on your record, Inta Kied. The police don't want you anymore." She whispered into his ear, a low, menacing purr. "So, they've asked me to get rid of you if I caught you again. And I'm happy to comply."
Inta had time to shiver before his throat was slit. It was done expertly, not allowing one drop of blood on the heroine's jacket. She stared at the body coldly before going to the woman she'd rescued.
"You okay?" She asked, helping her up. The woman nodded. "Good."
The heroine walked over to Inta's body and took his money, all $287 of it. She put it in her pocket, planning on buying groceries.
"I-is there anyway I can repay you?" The woman asked, wringing her hands. The heroine smiled and shook her head.
"Just knowing I saved you from a horrible fate is payment enough." She promised. The woman smiled. The heroine walked down the alley to an open space. The woman seemed to notice that she was going to leave.
"Wait! What's your name?!" She cried out. The heroine smiled and took off in a flurry of silver feathers, leaving one word behind:
"Tenshi."