
~Description~
Height- 5'1
Weight- 125 lbs
Eye color- Brilliant Blue
Hair details- Long, blonde
Skin tone- Pale
Notes- She is an organized person. Not necessarily a clean freak, but she is very organized in her actions and surroundings. She'd rather observe others than involve herself in any situation, unless it involves fighting or it's necessary. Her physic is fragile, seemingly, but she makes up for that with her actions. She is the twin of Armin Arlert, and was present when wall Maria was overrun with titans. She joined the 104th trainee squad. There, she quickly learns of just what her body is capable of.
Fears- Titans, thunder, fish, and bees.
Likes- Organizing, killing titans, food, and stars.
Dislikes- Death, socializing, dogs, and pots.
Favorites:
Color- Opaque green.
Thing- Gloves that her grandfather gave her.
Food- Bread
Hobbies- Killing titans, organizing, observing and training.
~Prologue~
~Third Person POV~
The young girl stood in the middle of the larger town.
Wind rustled her hair, causing it to sway to her left. Her delicate frame was so fragile, it seemed like the light kiss of the summer breeze would blow her away.
From afar, the girl named Lyla would seem peaceful.
Her face would tell otherwise. Her eyes wide, jaw hanging open. Fear shook through her as the colossal titan kicked down the strong wall that had held her safe for so many years.
Though she was only twelve, the walls were home. She did, however, dream of the outside world, along with her twin Armin, and two best friends, Mikasa and Eren. Perhaps not Mikasa, but definitely the two boys.
That dream was now crushed into nothingness. As if a sign of pure rage against the imagination she contained.
Eren then bolted off into the crowd, dragging Mikasa behind him.
Lyla was lost for words, afraid if she made a sound the walls would vanish all together.
As if it relied on her.
Armin raised his arm, almost as if he was going to charge after the two. Then pulled it down with his other, "No..." He murmured, before facing to his twin, "Don't just stand there, Lyla! We need to go!"
The girl did nothing but blink, and her eyes slid over to her twin. Fear present in them, "We're all dead."
The boy did nothing but stared at her with wide eyes. Then, reality came crashing down upon both of them, and Lyla spoke first, "We need to get help..."
Armin nodded and gripped her hand with hers, running to see the nearest official.
They approached him with no hesitation, "Help!"
"Hannes!" the shaken girl cried out.
The protector turned to the two with eyes of panic. To the three, there was absolutely no time to waste, "Eren and Mikasa went back to their house!" Armin cried to the guard.
Hannes eyes simply widened before charging to the house.