
Hello my dear readers! This is my first story and it's about Boruto and Sarada. There will also be SasuSaku and NaruHina and some new ships. I hope that you will enjoy. Sorry for my bad English. All characters belong to M.Kishimoto.P.S. If you have any ideas feel free to tell me.
Sarada's POV"Sarada wake up! You don't wanna be late, it's your first day in the new school after all". That is mom- Sakura Uchiha."I'm coming!" I said (yelled) as I was running downstairs to the kitchen. This is me. I am Sarada Uchiha. I'm 16 years old and I have black hair and onyx eyes, but they seem red sometimes. Creepy I know. Oh and no, this isn't my fist day at the new school. I was born and raised here in Konoha but last 3 years I was schooled in London. Now, I am very excited. Who wouldn't be. I wonder how does he look like now...NO NO NO I do not care. "Mornin' mom" I said."Good morning sweetie" she kissed me "guess who is coming today!"Suddenly the door opened and the man entered. He had raven hair, like me, he had onyx eyes, like me, he was wearing suit, like... well not like me, I was in my school uniform."Where are my girls?!" He smiled..."Papa!" I ran to him and gave him bear hug. He kissed my forehead and than tapped it like he always do... "Wellcome home darling" mom said and than he also kissed her."Can I give a ride to school to my baby girl?" Dad asked. He is always like that baby girl. I AM NOT BABY GIRL. "Sure papa" and so we left the mansion.When we arrived i kissed him on the cheek and he said "Say hi to Dob-Uncle Naruto from me!" "I will, bye, love ya!" Konoha High here I comeI entered headmaster's office "Hokage-sama?""Who- Oh my God Sarada is that you?! Look at you! You have grown up so fast and so much! How is Tem- Sasuke doing? How is Sakura-chan? And how are you? Look at your grades! Oh and by the way your classroom is D1". After little chat with him I left to find the classroom. As I opened the doors someone put me in the bone-crashing hug. "Sarada is that really you?! Look how hot you are that's not okay and you are too thin!" My best frien said."ChouChou let the girl breth,how troublesome" that is Shikadai Nara."Well,well isn't that Forehead Girl!" smirked Inojin Yamanaka. "Oh guys I missed you so much!" I said.Chouchou looked...nice, she was maaaaaybe a little... well fat. But she is still bff. She is really loyal and funny. Shikadai is sooo lazy and so smart I think that he had a thing for little Himawari but I'm not sure. Inojin and I fight a lot but he is really good friend. "ChouChou dear, it is normal for young teenage girls to grow more beautyful every day. Pleasure is mine" said Mitsuki as he kissed my hand. I smiled and blushed a little. Mitsuki is really nice guy a little wierd but nice. And than..."Mitsuki did you see how good I was. We totally won because of me!"I turned my head. That is him. Boruto Uzumaki.