
Hey, you there. Yes, you, reading this. Yes, YOU, wondering what this chick is talking about. Welcome. Welcome to this weird thing that is my life. I decided to write this, because, well, my life isn't that interesting. But I'd like for people to know what it's like to live in an orphanage. Fact number one: We definitely don't burst into song. Well, maybe, when the older girls sing One Direction in the shower. But otherwise definitely not. Our life is not pre-rehearsed and complete with mop-bucket choreography. And I'm definitely not an Annie material - getting adopted  by daddy Warbucks is just out of question. And there will never be any fake or real parents who will come looking for me. But I just want to tell you about my life at an orphanage. Because I want to and well, I'm really bored right now.
Oh, maybe I should introduce myself. Name's Alex. Alexis for long. Alexis Maria Wes. But Alex, or Lex to you. I'm 12, but I look like I'm 8. I guess I'm your typical 12 year old. I have curly ginger hair, freckles everywhere and well, I'm quite shy. I don't tend to talk, not even when I'm spoken to. Why? Well, there's a lot of things that have happened in my life. But more about that later.
I've been living here all my life. Here, in this tiny corner of this twelve bed dorm. I've watched girls come and go - getting picked by families and taken to enjoy their new life. I stopped wondering when my time will come after I turned 8.
"It's just not gonna happen, Alexis." said my orphanage manager, Joanna. She is, well, what's the word to describe it? Interesting. One day, she'll love me like I'm her daughter, the next, her look, voice and fists would scare me so much I'd hide in my room and wouldn't come out for days. Then she lures me out like a cat and tells me I'm just too sensitive, we hug and we're friends again. I'm one of the few people who's been here the longest and Joanna's told me I'm here to stay. I'm hers. I guess she loves me. I guess.
I'm not allowed to attend adoption events. On the day, she puts me in my room and gives me an iPad to play with - it's a pretty good distraction, let me tell you. For the longest time, I had no idea there was such thing as adoption days - I just really enjoyed spending time playing games on her iPad. For the past 2 years, I've used that iPad to watch a thing called YouTube. While the other kids were downstairs, getting adopted, I enjoyed listening to girl groups that told me everything will be alright. One of those girl groups was Fifth Harmony. There's nothing I wanted more than telling them how much they changed my life. But did they really change it? I mean, I'm still stuck here, without any parents and a manager who sometimes comes to hug me at night and gives me a weird feeling. But they changed the way I feel about things. The nights that I cry, I just start singing their songs in my head and it calms me down. They just seem so... full of life. And here I am, completely empty.
My stomach is growling and I punch it to keep it quiet. There's no need for that right now. Joanna would kill me if I snuck downstairs to get food. Sometimes she brings it up - that's when I know I've been good and she loves me. Other times, I spend an evening with my only friend - my rumbling stomach.
Suddenly something makes me flinch. I hear voices.
"And this is the girls dormitory," I hear Joanna, "but you can't go in there at the moment."
"Why not?" asked a familiar voice, but it took me a minute to realise who it belonged to.
"We don't normally take future parents here until after they adopt. It's,... privacy issues."
I rolled my eyes. Sure. Privacy is my new name apparently. But who did that voice belong to? It was SO familiar.
"Miss Joanna," said the voice and I laughed at the word 'miss' - it didn't fit Joanna at all, "we really liked all the kids. But we're looking for someone older. Someone that would be happy to come on tours with us and could handle it."