
Pitch Black calmly opens the door to his office, black sand trailing behind him as he steps inside. He eyes the two teens inside as he closes the door behind him.
"Ah, Hiccup, Merida; how nice of you to join me."
The two teens nod at him stiffly. "Hello, Father," they say in perfect unision.
"What brings you two here?"
They show no sign of emotion, as they were trained to. "You summoned us, Father," they reply, words blending perfectly once again.
Pitch smiles, but not in an affectionate way. "I did, didn't I?"
He walks over to his black desk and sits down. "Hiccup, tell me what you're thinking right now."
Hiccup's unfocused eyes blink slowly, fixed on Pitch. "I think you have a new mission for us, Father."
Pitch applauds mockinly. "I always knew you were a smart boy."
"Is it true, Father? Do you have a new mission for us?" Merida asks, rocking back and forth on her heels slightly. Pitch takes notice of this and snaps his fingers. Both of the teen's eyes fly open, their pupils expanding so that all of their eyes are pure black. Merida instantly stops rocking and Hiccup stands up straighter. Both have their hands clasped tightly behind their backs.
"It is true, Merida," Pitch says slowly, examining them. "I do have a new mission for you." He stands up and circles Hiccup and Merida. "Do you two remember North and Manny?"
"Yes, Father," they reply in unision. "They're our enemies, Father."
"Very good. Well, I've finally figured out how to get back at them."
Hiccup and Merida suddenly appear interested. "How, Father?"
"By killing their children, Jack Frost and Elsa Arendelle." Pitch smiles smugly, waiting to see the teen's reactions.
Hiccup and Merida glance at eachother for the breifest of moments. "Are you sure about this, Father?" Hiccup asks respectfully. "I mean, is this the right way to get back at them?"
Pitch leans in so that his face is centimeters from Hiccup's. "The right way? You've killed plenty of people before, boy. Are you gong soft, perhaps?"
Hiccup's face hardens. "No, Father; I'm not going soft. I'm sorry. I will kill them."
"We'll kill them," Merida corrects.
Pitch nods with satisfaction. "I have already enrolled you in Tangled High, a school in Burgess, and that is where you will find Jack and Elsa. Your job is to kill them, not become friends with them. Do you understand?"
"Yes, Father."
"Good. Your mission will start tomorrow."