
Tours? Tours. Older. And then something finally clicked in my slower-as-a-turtle brain.
"CAMILA CABELLO?" I squealed from my room and immediately covered my mouth. I am in so much trouble, my heart started pounding. Either Joanna will kill me or I will actually get to meet a member from Fifth Harmony. I might risk the first for the second.
I ran through the room, trying not to trip over the girls' stupid toys and slowly opened the door. Just a little bit. But enough to get busted.
This is really a "you really had to be there" moment - I can't even describe Joanna's face. It was a mixture of fear, anger and "I'll kill you if you don't get back into your room."
"Did someone call my name?" There she was. Camila. With the sweetest voice ever and the biggest eyes. And she wasn't alone. ALL the girls were there. I was standing in front of Fifth Harmony. Are you getting this? Fifth Harmony.
Suddenly, I felt like there wasn't enough air in this world to fill up my lungs. I looked at Joanna who shook her head and looked back at the girls I admired. Speak, Lex, speak! Nothing. Absolutely nothing, except for trying to get some air in my lungs. Great job, Lex.
"Sweetie," said Lauren, kneeled down and gently held my hand, "would you like a glass of water?"
I nodded, my eyes wider than Joanna's butt. I could see Normani giggle, but I wasn't the only one lost for words. Joanna's dark eyes were pierced into mine. Her breathing was deep, but she wouldn't turn her head.
After Ally got me a glass of water, I gulped it down like I haven't had a drink for years and said thank you. The girls cooed over my immature childish voice. Well, what did you expect, I am a child after all!
"Miss Joanna, what about her?" Lauren stood up and gestured towards me. I looked at Joanna, completely frightened.
It took Joanna a moment to realise she was asked a question. "What? Who? Oh Alexis? No, she's not available."
"Why not?" asked Camila and stroked my hair. I looked her in the eyes and smiled.
"Because. She's. Not." said Joanna, walking towards me with every step. Her voice was dark and I immediately knew I was in so much trouble. And my first instinct was to hide behind Lauren and hug her back.
Lauren raised her eyebrows. "She seems pretty available to me." She turned around to me. I still didn't comprehend what was happening. Was this all a joke?
"How would you like to come live with us, Alexis?"
No answer. My voice was lost somewhere in my stomach and I'll probably poop it out later. Flush it down. And never get it back. Either that or Joanna will rip my throat out. But, ha hah, You thought this was gonna be over, right? Well, jokes on you (and Joanna) because I could still nod. And I nodded so much I almost twisted my neck.
And so it happened. Within an hour, the papers were ready. While Lauren distracted Joanna by asking questions about me in the office, I showed the girls around.
You know, I'm really gonna miss this place. It kind of grows on you after 12 years. I'll even miss the mold in the bathroom. It wasn't big, this orphanage, but it had a lot of kids. Well, to me, that was a lot of kids. There were twelve girls and twelve boys. Yep, we had boys. And I'm pretty sure they had and still have cooties. All except one. Tyler. Oh no, Tyler! Suddenly I gasped, covered my mouth, abandoned my orphanage tour and ran over to the boys dormitory. My new family followed behind me.
"Tyler! Ty!" I shrieked, opening the door. He doesn't even know I got adopted. "I'm getting out of here!" was the first thing that came out of my mouth. Tyler was on his bed, throwing and catching a ball. The other boys grimaced as they saw me - none of the boys really talked to girls that much. When you're in an orphanage where the oldest girl is 12 years old and the oldest boy is 14, you don't really make friends with someone who has cooties after all. I think maybe we were the older and maturer ones from the rest. And I kind of liked that.