
My name is Alexander smith and I run the of the biggest drug empires in north America. This is the beginning of how my life fell into chaos. Me and my family where in the middle of moving all are stuff to our new mansion in miami, I made us move because I was setting up my new headquarters in miami so I wanted to be closer to my business. I've been hideing the fact that I'm a drug Lord from my family for years so I told them I worked as a surgeon an ld I got I better deal at another hospital in Florida that's why we are moving.
After the movers got done loading the funiter we followed them to the new house. When we got there the mover started to unload the funiter, suddenly my phone went off I answered it and it was my second hand man David. David makes sure every thing runs soomthly while I'm off doing other business. I asked David what he needed he told me that I need hurry up and meet up with him for I can meet the local drug dealers and strike a deal with them. I told my wife Mary that in leaving to go meet with the head of the hospital then I left to the meeting.
The meeting was set up in one of the hidden drug factories that one of the main drug dealers of Florida owned. When I got there the place was a big green and white factory that had sign on it that said Marcos fabric softener incorporated that was clearly a cover up. When I walked in was greeted  by David and three other men in business suits. We all took a seat to discuse business one of the men was big and balled with a gold grill in his mouth. The one in the middle was very skinny had red hair . The one on the end was wearing a all white suit, Asian with tattoos reaching up to his neck and had a long beard.
When we finally got settled we started to discuss business the one in the middle worth red hair name was Marco he own this factory he ran production of the drugs. The balled one was name Bruce he made sure the supplies for the drugs got to the factories safely. Lee the one on the end is  the one who distributes the drugs. When started talking I offered them that we would split the drug production in Florida in half, Marco asked  what I would give them in return I told them I will give them protection from the cops and expand their business times three. After they started to discusse for a while in private they came back and Sat down and Lee asked but how can we be sure that you keep your end of the deal. I told David to go to the trunk of my car and get my suitcase he came back with it and I placed it on the coffe table and opened it I gave them the case It was five million dollars in cash. I told them this five million up front to earn yall trust. Bruce asked what if we don't accept the deal I told him if u don't I will take my money and business else where but trust me when I say if u do I will shrivel ur empire to nothing in a matter of montgs. Marco said that sounds like a threat I told him no that's a promise. I got out of my seat and started to walk away, while I did I told them I'll give them six weeks to decide.