
Picture of Gabby and Quinn at the top or side
.Gabby
I hopped out the bed with excitement i brushed my teeth then took a hot shower i put on my blue skinny jeans and my white shirt with hello kitty on the front and put on my pink converse i flat ironed my hair and went downstairs and ate some cereal singing along to the music blasting from my iPhone 6 i seen my momma coming downstairs ready for work.
Good Morning Baby she said kissing me on the cheek and making her a cup of orange juice
Good Morning Mom ! i said smiling how are you i said getting out her favorite cereal and a bowl and a spoon
I'm fine and how are you she said making her cereal
Oh i'm great like always i said smiling
she smiled at me and continued to eat.
Well mom i should get to the bus bye mom i said hugging her and grabbing my backpack , phone and house key.
Bye sweetie and im gonna be home late today do you want me to pick you up any food when i get off
Naw mom you should get some rest i will just make me a sandwich have a good day mom love you
Love you too she yelled before i closed the door
I walked to Quinn house and just before i was about to knock on the door he opened it
I smiled and said Good Morning Quinn
Good Morning Gabby he said half smiling them going back to his black expression
Quinn doesn't smile much he barely laughs be always had a blank expression sometimes its a mood killer he doesn't talk to anyone i only talk to him cause he doesn't like anything i don't know how i fell for him but i just did. Me and Quinn known each other since we were 5 he lives with his uncle cause his parents died in a car crash when he was 8 even when his parents was alive he barely smiled he was barely acted like a kid he usually just sat in the house and in his room.
i decided to make small talk with him
So did you study for your AP History final? i said looking at him but he just nodded his head and continued looking straight walking directly to school.
Oh well i was wondering since you are pretty good at chemistry if you could help me with the test over it
Ok when he said bluntly with a blank expression
tonight over my house my mom wont be home i said getting excited over the last part
Quinn looked over at her noticing that she got happy at the last part and asked Why you so happy your momma not gonna be home he said with an eyebrow raised
Um um um i said outta loss for words and blushing real hard
Good girl a freak he said smirking them quickly went to a black expression i got irritated and walked faster
after 6 long hours later school was finally over i went home I started cleaning the house and I took a shower and put on some shorts and a tank top i was getting the stuff ready for me and Quinn study as soon as I sat down the door bell rang. I opened it and seen an annoyed looking Quinn at my door
Hi Quinn i said smiling and letting him in he nodded and walked in I frowned and followed behind him.
Let's get started he said in a stern voice sending chills down my spine I grabbed my books and sat next to him on the couch he grabbed the book and was about to explain before I got up too pee he sighed and sat back watching the wall with an blank expression. When I came back I turned on the fan cause i was hot then finally started listening when he was tutoring me i was bored he's so serious