
Today I woke up to an empty spot on the bed. Just like every other morning. I try not to worry about it but I just can't. I always wonder why he does this to me and all he can is "shut your mouth or do you want me to shut it for you." I can't help but feel weak. I got out the bed and made me something to eat.
I made me a pair of sunny side up eggs. I couldn't even finish it because 2 days ago Trevon and I got into fight.
FlashbackI tried to prepare him a meal and I got all dressed up. I had on a dress that came to mid-thigh and black eye-shadow. I then heard Trevon ruffling his keys to open the door. I got in place and turned on the music. Trevon then came in and looked at me.
"Turn the music off you look like a prostitute." Trevon yelled at me making me flinch. By the tone in his voice I could tell what was about to go down.
"I'm sorry I just wanted to give you s good night. I was trying to please you." I said.
"That's bull." Trevon said. "I'm tired of your lies. Your lucky I'm still with you. Get on your knees and apologise." I got on my knees to and begged for forgiveness.
"I'm very very sorry Trevon. I didn't mean to look like this. I just wanted to make you happy." I said feeling the burning sensation of tears roll down from my eyes.
"You can apologise better than that." Then Trevon slapped me. "Suck up them tears." I tried but that made me cry more. Then another slap had hit my face. My cheeks were burning. I then sucked it and one little yelp came out of my mouth.
"Didn't I tell you to stop." Next thing I know a fist had landed on my face. Specifically my jar. I tried to move my jaw but it hurted. I then fell to the ground. Did Trevon care? No. He just walked away and went to bed. Leaving me on the ground helpless.
End of flashback
Thinking of that memory started yo make me feel queasy. After trying to eat my eggs I went to take a nap.
I was in a comfortable sleep until Trevon picked me up and slammed me into the ground.
"Get yo a$ up and make yo man some food." I noticed the lipstick stain on his collar. I know he cheats but it still makes me upset. I've been holding back for a long time hoping things will turn around. Makes me wonder does he actually loves me. I got up and did as he said. I don't want to disobey him and end up in the hospital again.
I mad him some pancakes. That was his favorite. I gave him his plate and went into the living room. I turned on my favorite show spongebob. Trevon only allows me to watch cartoons. He thinks I'll see a cute man and fall in love with him. I know it's nonsense but I don't want to talk about it.
A few minutes later Trevon came into the living room and sat next to me. He put his arm around me and kissed my forehead. Times like this makes me have hope for us. Maybe one day he'll get therapy and change.
"I love you." Lies I thought to myself. You don't love me. If you loved me you wouldnt do this to me. But then again maybe that's how he show his affection for me. Before I knew it I was in a deep slumber.
Trevon's p.o.v
After Jamie fell asleep I decided to do something good for her. I was going to take her out for a walk on the beach under the stars and hsve a pic nic. I went to the store to pick up some strawberries for our little pic nic. Out of my peripheral vision I saw a curvy girl looking at me.