
AuroraSimpson This Chapter is for you for making the covers for my other books.
Song of Chapter: Arsonists Lullaby By Hoizer.
* March 13th 1870*
The graveyard was in the middle of nowhere, secluded from human sight by a dense forest, yet it still held funerals and the dead would still lay still. People would say it was haunted but you wouldn't listen; because that's what everyone said about every graveyard, and then every horror film would start with someone walking into it or a haunted house. They would then go missing and be killed, because they did not listen simply because they didn't care; so this is where the story will start just like every other horror book.
The storm was at its peak as the girl briskly ran through it trying to get away, you could clearly sense the fear and adrenaline from the girl and it didn't help that the rain was so heavy; she couldn't see making it difficult for her to hide. Behind her was a tall man dressed in black following her, from him you couldn't sense any fear; he didn't even show no emotion but you could practically feel the anger coming from him in waves. He was a hunter and she wasn't human. The mysterious man carried a bow and arrow and a sword that was dipped in the blood of an innocent; the blood of an innocent? you may ask well be warned it was the only way they could be killed he thought to himself.
"You can't hide from me forever girl, not even the dead can help you now" he darkly chuckled hearing a branch snap to his left; His eyes darted towards the left and his eyes adjusted to the dark, making it so he could just make out a figure. He made a decision to carry on taunting the poor girl,
"What a poetic way to die in a cemetery where you will be left to rot 6 feet under, you won't be mourned there are not a lot of you left..... We killed you all" he yelled trying to provoke the young girl. Making her angry would provoke her to use her power and become weak, she didn't fall for it.
Meanwhile the girl young girl had managed to stumble her way towards the gates, the thunder rattled on and the rain pelted the cars nearby. But no one would hear her scream, she would die alone frightened and the man knew.
"JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!!! I don't want to die" she screeched, the voices that had haunted her throughout her whole life had disappeared. Even they knew to run. I won't give up now she thought and continued to stumble through the cemetery, tripping over gravestones as she went. She looked around to find a place to hide but was met by a forest; and of course loads of graves, occasionally as she ran her dress would get caught on something causing her to slow down.
"BOOM! CRASH! The thunder rumbled and a stroke of lighting lit up the whole sky, bright enough for the girl to notice the hunter was behind her; The man walked closer to her chuckling darkly, trying to scare her.
"LEAVE ME ALONE" She threw her hands out in front of her causing the man to fly back around 10 feet; crashing into the muddy ground, he got back up grabbing his muddy bow and shooting an arrow at the girl. It hit her in the shoulder but that wouldn't stop her, she snapped the arrow in half and threw it on the ground. She was bleeding out and that was making her weak, she knew now that she had to result to her powers as much as she hated them. The Girl rotated her hand clockwise causing a transparent like figure to appear and throw itself towards the man, he dove out the way just in time.
"Hahaha your powers won't help you I've been trained remember" his muddy hands lunged for the girl and grabbed her leg pulling her down with him.
"Boys I've got the target what shall I do?" He spoke into the walkie talkie; they were advanced in technology compared to the human world, I mean who would have a walkie talkie in 1870. The girl was getting weaker and her struggles of trying to escape failed. There was a crackle sound through the communicater before a reply.