
"Please! Stop! You're gunna hurt the baby!" "You think I care about that you Targariyan bitch!" My name is Allison of the house Targariyan, I have been being abused by the wildlings since I was 10, the only friend I have amoungst them is Egrit, she is like a big sister to me. Ever since I found out I was pregnant she has done everything she can to help me, when I get sick she holds my hair, once I had a fever and she stayed with me day and night until it passed. "I'm done with you now! Don't leave this tent! You ain't coming to my tent!" That was the second time this week he had raped me, but it was never that painful, I look down and I am bleeding from my lower region, I am crying and shaking and sweating, I am in so much pain. Just then Egrit runs into the tent. "Allison!" She runs over to me and embraces me, "Here, lie down," she pushes me back against the pillows, she then gets a bucket of warm water and a cloth, she cleans me up and dresses me, "I'm so sorry that I couldn't stop this from happening to you, you don't deserve this treatment," she strokes my hair as she says this. I move a hand to my belly, thinking of the baby, "I just hope that it didn't hurt the baby," Egrits hand moves to my belly, "Allison, your baby will be strong because you are strong, once you are strong enough again I am honing to get you out of here," she places a kiss on my forehead, "But Egrit, I don't want to leave you here, come with me!" Egrit thinks for a moment and then pulls the fur blankets up to my chin and places a hand to my forehead, "You have a fever my little one," "Egrit, you didn't answer me," She goes back to the warm water and places the cloth on my forehead, "If I go with you my little one, you will be in danger, no one will trust you if you are with a wildling," "I don't care, I'm not leaving here without you!" "Shhhh, shhhh ok ok, I will come with you, just let me take care of you here first, we can't leave with you having a fever, just be patient," she continues to wet the cloth place it to my forehead then wet it again and place it again, finally we both fell asleep to the sound of falling snow.
HEY GUYS!  SO I HOPE YOU LIKE IT SO FAR!!  I KNOW I STILL HAVENT FINISHED MY OTHER ONE YET BUT I JUST GOT SUPER INTO GAME OF THRONES SO I COULDNT RESIST!!  LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK SO FAR IN THE COMMENTS!!