
So this fanfiction is for penguins_bae she's my best friend and just fml this is my OTP rn besides Phan, Troyler, and some other ones cx. The girl in the picture (and also cover) is the main character named "Kayla". Anyway byee enjoyy xoxo :p
Kayla's POV
Beep, beep, beep, I wake up to the sound of my alarm being a cunt. Woke me up at the best part. Calum and I were about to kiss. Ugh the fangirl struggle. I get up from bed and brush my hair in the mirror deciding that the usual "natural down" style is good enough for today. I put on concealer because flaws galore and mascara because eyelashes be short af. I stick my tongue out in the mirror making several funny faces then realize that it's time to brush my teeth and eat breakfast. I groan and stand up walking downstairs to the bathroom (my room is the attic). I start to brush my teeth while looking at Twitter thinking about what I should have for breakfast. BUZZ BUZZA text from my best friend, Izzy or as labeled in my phone "Bbeyoncé". texts:Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyy
Heeeey brushing my teeeeeethhh
Brusha Brusha Brusha 🎧
Omfg 😂
Shhh
You going to school today?
Duh, gotta see my bæ yo
True, true
Hahaha
I laugh and finish brushing my teeth. Time for food!!!!! What to eat, what to eat, I think to myself. Cereal. Simple and quick. I grab a bowl, milk, and of course Captain Crunch (or as my friend nicknamed it "Calum Crunch"), my favorite cereal. I sit down and start eating. I open up my twitter account "thattumblrgurl_" and tweet 'Eating Captain Crunch Im so cool'. I literally tweet just to tweet sometimes. I smile a bit enjoying my wonderful food then realize, today's the first day of school, DUN DUN DUN! I groan at the thought of school and finish my cereal. I run back up my stairs realizing something else, I'm still in pajamas. I put on a red flannel that's actually for guys and is an XL, oops. I also put on black skinny jeans, my all black converse and grab my book bag. I begin to double check to make sure I have everything. All ready, let's do this. I rush out the door heading to my bus stop. Time to go to hell.