
It all scared me.
Packing up and leaving Philly.  This place had been my home for 25 years, and now I have to pack up and move to Chicago.
Ya, it's because I got my dream job and I'll have my best friends with me, but still.
I should have never quit hockey.  I could have played for team USA, and - this is insane.  What am I doing?  I didn't work so hard my whole live to prove to people that girls can play hockey, ya we already knew that.  I did it to show them that a girl could be in the NHL.   Ya I won't be playing but I'm still IN the NHL.  When you look on the bench, what do you see?  Players, coaches, equipment managers, medical personnel.  And what makes them the same?
All guys.
I'll be able to follow in my grandpa's footsteps.  And I love the Blackhawks.   What am I even complaining about?
I get up off of the floor - all my furniture got picked up yesterday - and go over to one of the many, many boxes holding my hockey knick~knacks.  I open one and pick up a pile of old pictures out of the top of a box.
There he is.  My Pop, holding good old Stanley on the ice at the Spectrum with his Flyers hat & Flyers staff jacket, which was right under the pictures in the box.  God I miss him so much.  If there's one thing I learned from him before he passed, is to never stop going after my one goal in life.  He did it.  I can too.  Maybe he never got to play in the NHL.  Neither will I, but he still got what he always wanted, the Stanley Cup and so much more.  Being the Flyers equipment manager, he bonded friendships with the players.  He got an amazing seat during games.  He got to be an equipment manager at the olympics.
I'm going to be able to be with this team when they win the Stanley Cup.  And even if not, I made it to the NHL.  So all the people in my life that told me I can't do it, you can all go suck it.
I hear Danielle's car outside of my house.  Not only did I get my dream job, but my best friends are coming with me.  They all got jobs working with the Hawks too.  Jess is going to be working with the department that creates fangear, Nav and Danielle get to work as producers in the front office, and Haylie got a job as an ice girl.
Before I can put the pictures away they come storming into my house.  I met them all in college, we went to Drexel.
"Lets go!  Put your crap away we have to be at the airport soon!" Haylie screams at me.
"Shut up" I say laughing don't rush me.  "Let's go equipment manager you can't change your mind now" Nav said beginning to pick up my boxes.  She's right but it still makes me sad to leave home.
"Come on guys this is hard for me.  I love this place.  This is where my life is, I've always been here.  You all just came for college but if you had lived here longer you would understand how hard it is."
"Exactly" started Jess who was now also grabbing boxes, "You've been here your whole life, you didn't  even leave for college!  It's time for you to get out".  Ugh maybe she's right.  We all grab as many boxes as possible, and the moving crew gets the rest.  Carrying the boxes we head out to the car.
"Besides" Haylie says "Maybe getting this job was a sign that you need to patch things up with your mom."
All of us shoot her a glare, the worst coming from me.
"Oh come on, it's been 13 years.  I would have thought you got over it by now.  I mean, don't you think you're going to have to talk her her about this with all of your time on the bench her seats ARE right behind the Hawks' bench."
"Yes, thank you so much Haylie that was not the first thing I thought of when I was offered the job and it is definitely not a reason I was debating even taking the job."
As we load the trunk and get in the car, I begin to think that maybe I wasn't scared to leave home, but I was scared to face the woman that abandoned me until I was 12.
Danielle started her car and began to drive to the airport.  She rolled down her window and yelled "Chicago here we come!"
The last thing I see before I zone out for the rest of the ride is the Wells Fargo Center.  Goodbye place I've only ever truly felt real happiness in my life.
Goodbye Flyers.
Goodbye Philly.