
Running, running once again from the angry teenage dirt bags who I robbed. Hey, I was going to give them back the wallet because it could only probably get you maybe fifty seven cents, and what could that buy you in Gotham? Please, a chocolate bar is about four dollars and fifty around here. As I dodge trash cans and dart down allyways I finally start to shake them off my tail. Yes! I sat down on a emphy dumpster and started to count my profit. Exactly four dollars and fifty cents. Oo I could buy a chocolate bar. Then I see them gallantry standing down on the streets. Miss.Martian and Superboy flying.above the team while the rest huddle around Robin and two other people. Like machines they all turn and look at me, as I see those teenagers ice cold dagger fingers strait right at me, I felt like there was a giant neon sign lit up declaring I was the one who stole there stuff! Gulping down a lump in my throat I decided to take them head on and admit my mistakes and plead not to go to jail, you know try to be friendly and settle. A bright streak of red fires at me and burns my right arm. You know what? I dont think they want to be friends, so going with plan b, I turn and run for my life. Instantly, I realize my mistake as KidFlash picks me off my feet and starts running, with me, in his arms. Okay, this was not okay, I think I might call up child abuse on this guy for stealing me. All the stolen money falls out of my pocket as it twists and tumbles through the air, there goes my chocolate bar. He had been running for a while, where was he going? And shouldn't he be there now since, you know, "fastest kid alive"? Getting quite dizzy from the lack of good air, I decide to heat things up, literally. One reasons why I haven't been caught for stealing for so long, a year to be exact, is because like the young justice, I possessed my own type of superpowers. Closing my eyes I take a deep breath and slowly feel my body start to heat up and the red body marks start to appear all over my body. Then, Poof! Im on fire. KidFlash, screaming, drops me to the ground and I instantly roll up and jump to my feet. I put on my game face as I try to look either scarry or intimidating, but I'm pretty sure I just looked like a soft, furry puppy, that was on fire. KidFlash rolling around on the ground, crying, was waling like a baby "She burned me! She burnt me!" It appeared that he couldn't decide on burned or burnt me, I liked burned a little better. Shaking off that thought I get my head in the game as I see Aqualad spray KidFlash with a stream of water. "Better?" He asks calmly, I wonder if he didn't know that I was standing here, on fire, when he had water at his source. "I hope your happy burning woman because I am nevar caring you again! Nope!" He snaps his fingers and stands back with the group with both hands on his hips, real intimidating. They all just stand there, like they were waiting for something, but for what? Wait! Where was robin? A high pitch laught interrupts my thoughts as I turn to see him spiraling tords the ground to my position. Running trying to get out of the way I barge into superboys huge, cloned chest. Screaming like a baby bird, he grabs me in his hands, when I was completely on fire, and hurdles me at a wall. My head hits the wall strait on and I can feel the wall crack from the impact. Okay, okay I was so done here. Miss.Martian comes at me for a fight and like the wimp I am, I transform into my bird form, well phoenix form and I take flight into the sky. My flame wings flaps and send embers sprawling down to the ground as they stare at me in shock. They went attacking me, weird. I really actually hated my bird form, why? Because I had non coming thoughts about how juicy and fat that worm was or how tender that rabit was. And due to these thoughts I have caught and ate numerous rabbits, worms and other birds. Just so you know, worms tast like dirt.