
No matter how many times I refused to come to this party, I was already teased and humiliated in school. Still, my only friends had managed to get me out of the house this night.
Now, here I am in this crowded living room, holding a warm cherry cola and looking around. My 'friends' ditched me as soon as we stepped into the threshold of the front door. Now I'm was alone in a sea of people.
"Hey look, it's the faggot wearing a batman costume." A girl who bumped into me said.
"Hey look guys he's wearing his faggot ass glasses with this costume" her boyfriend answered, laughing hysterically as if it was the funniest thing in the world. A few more people joined in the laughter.
I didn't care. I was used to it. Actually, I was bored of it. People who picked on me were like skipping CD's repeating the same geek/faggot jokes over and over. I walked away, checking out everyone's costume as I was headed towards the back porch. I realized I was literally the only one who did dress up. I'd been dragged out of the house in such short notice that this was the only costume I owned.
Besides, i was a senior--surely too old to dress up for Halloween. The October Air felt comfortably cool as I stepped out onto the back porch. The dim light fell on couples making out in dark corners and a few people chatting on that raggedy old couch.
I took off my dark rimmed glasses to wipe off the fog that formed on it with the change of air.
"Elijah!"
I heard a deep male voice approach. I turned to see a blurry figure of a guy. As far as I could see, he had black hair and a.... Robin costume? With a black eye mask with his mismatched looking eyes. I tried to make out when he was near me,but it was no use.
"I've always had a crush on you", the blurry guy declared and next thing I know I'm getting my kissed softly by robin.
"See you at school", he said before turning around and ran. I scrambled to put on my glasses back on quickly. I only caught a glimpse of his wavy black hair and bright green shoes before he disappeared around the corner.
I stayed up all night trying to figure out who the mysterious boy was. There were simply too many black haired guys at school, it would be impossible to figure out just from that. The only other clue I had were his mismatched eyes and the bright green shoes.
I usually walk with my eyes to the ground, and this morning I had a mission. I looked at everyone's shoes in the hallways, in the cafeteria, in the classrooms... I searched, my blue eyes darting from shoe to shoe, so much so that by fifth period I had a huge headache, as if all those shoes had each kicked me in the head.
The same thing went on for two more days, and for two more days i found nothing but a headache. I had made sure to check every brunette guy in school to see if they had green converse shoes, and I found nothing.
By Thursday, I had given up all hope and dismissed the whole thing as a joke. I was pranked on all the time, so I decided to store the incident in the "prank" folder and just forget about it. The kiss was sweet, I loved it, so the joke was on them- I thought.
Friday rolled around and I actually felt glad not to spend my whole day in a frantic shoe-search. I sat in my desk with a sigh, feeling relieved of this daunting chore.
"Hi, Eli", said a deep voice from behind me.
It was Jeremiah, the cute blonde headed boy with bright mismatched eyes-- his left eye was blue and his right eye was green--that sat behind me in homeroom.
"Hey, Remi. What's up?"
"Could you pass this to Zeus for me? He's mad that I kept he's silly costume for a week too long."
I smiled at him, "Sure"
He handed me a paper bag of cloths that had the colors yellow,red and green and on top there was a black eye mask and black hair spray.
Black hairspray?Could it be?
I looked down at his shoes--bright green converse sneakers. I looked up at him, who was flashing a sexy dimpled smile.
"It...its was you..."
"Took you long enough", he whispered.
*Thee end*