
"What do you mean?"
"Not to you, obviously. Alfie's always tried to be that Prince Charming fellow. Ever since freshman year."
"You've been flatmates since freshman year?"
He shrugged. "He was the only one who could stand me." Jack, being Jack, was an avid CrossFit fan, vegan, with little temper for human error. He had early mornings and late nights, and couldn't stand anyone without that capability. The man, simply put, was a health freak with no needs for sleep or human contact. And Alfie was an unhealthy, incredibly social person with no needs for sleep. A match made in heaven.
Alfie returned with two duffel bags full of girls clothes, toiletries, and electronics.
"I'm staying the night, not the rest of my life."
Alfie grinned cheekily. "I like being prepared."
☯☯☯
Hazy, unfamiliar light broke through the window above my bed. Not my bed, a comfy fabric sofa. The scent of fried eggs sent me bolted upwards, my purple socks sliding against the glossy tiles of the kitchen. It was barely seven feet in length, the entire wall covered in cooking utensils. Jack was wearing his nude upper half and black skinny jeans, flipping an omelette.
"Morning," he said, unusually cheerily.
"It's barely dawn," I murmured. "You're up already?"
"I'm actually pretty late today," he offered. He flipped the egg with a flick of his wrist, and in turned in the pan with ease.
"I thought Alfie was the chef," I noticed.
"He's the baker and I'm the cooker. It makes sense that way. Like yin yang, but with cuisine." He turned the cooker off and flung the eggs onto a pretty ceramic plate and handed it to me.
"Oh, no," I said. "I usually get breakfast on the way to school. Starbucks paninis for me."
Jack laughed. "That's a funny joke. Now eat it."
I grabbed a fork from the utensils drawer and clambered back onto the sofa, blanketing myself with the spare duvet. Morning cartoons blazed across the screen.
"What's the meaning of this, Jack?" Alfie demanded. "Morning cartoons? I thought we agreed mornings are for anime, evenings are for sitcoms, and weekender afternoons are for movies."
Jack rolled his eyes. "It's not an exact science. Now enjoy Looney Toons."
Alfie whipped out his phone, tapped a few buttons, and pretty soon some Japanese characters flung short bursts of yelling at one another.
"Not Free! again," Jack whined. "Isabel's mum is confident I'm actually gay."
"I think we can all safely say no one is getting boners from this," Alfie said, than looked sheepishly at me. "Or lady boners."
I laughed. "I can vouch for that."
We all sat down, enjoying the casual leisure time being around Jack brought. Finally, we all managed to shower, dress, and pack.
"Thanks for the sleepover, guys," I said as I slipped on my thick boots.
"You're not bad company," Alfie offered. He slung his rucksack over his shoulder.
Without further ado, we parted ways, out the door into the real world. It hit me then: life with the boys made me almost forget about everything that was bad.
[a/n: first chapter of a new story????? yup]
chatoyer xx