
Jack was sitting in a chair, taking up about 2/3 of the main room already. He was shirtless, his default setting, his abs gleaming with sweat. I hated the sheer sight of him. His boxers were plaid with little skulls on them, something a grunge girl would wear. Alfie walked into the room and massaged his shoulder plates, and Jack broke into a sigh. "Ugh," he muttered, pure delight from the agony. Alfie was a gifted baker, musician, and masseuse.
"Two hot chocolates, is it?" Alfie checked.
"Make it three," Jack muttered, opening his laptop. "I've got an English essay due tomorrow."
"That's, um, bad."
Jack looked up at me incredulously. "No shit. You say you're still a freshman?"
I nodded, noticing my painfully stiff body. Jack had the habit of making people intimidated, if not annoyed. He sized me up, eyes startling. I made a conscious effort not to gulp.
"Stop staring down the girl, Jack," Alfie said, peeking his head from the kitchen. He now donned a red pinstriped apron with a frilly collar, three mugs in two hands. "One virgin hot cocoa for the pretty lady," he said, handing me a mug. "And two regulars with a double shot." He laid down the two others. "I have some Jack in the pantry if any of you are interested." he looked at me directly and winked. "Just keep it 'hush hush'."
I wasn't ready for alcohol yet, so I politely thanked him and began drinking. The cocoa was dark and velvety with grainy bits of cinnamon and cayenne pepper. I leaned against the bare wall, made less bare with a small portrait of Jack and Isabel in beachwear from their trip to L.A. I grimaced at the sight of beautiful Isabel, always a step better than me and my brother.
Alfie straddled a chair the way a cool English teacher might, one hand resting on the back of the chair, the other gripping his fiery alcoholic drink. "So, tell me about Chloe."
"We were in Danny's car." I began the story, stopping every few beats or so to sip. I could tell Jack was listening, although he pretended to listen to music coming from his MacBook.
When I finished, the room was dead quiet. I swooshed the remains of my drink like a wine glass, watching the particles swirl in a circular motion.
"I'm so sorry," Alfie said, bending his neck back to finish off his cup. "But I think you're ready for that drink." He pointed to my hands, which I was unaware were shaking tremendously.
Jack ripped the earbuds out and reached into his backpack. A grey flask was hidden in the pencil compartment, and it sounded full. He tossed it to me in a casual swiping movement, and I barely caught it with my open hand. I gently laid my mug down and unscrewed the flask, sniffing the sickly-sweet liquor. The worst I had done was take a sip of my dad's beer with his permission. But this was pure, unadulterated scotch. I closed my eyes and took a swig, the stuff burning my throat.
I gently laid the cap back on and tossed it back to Jack. He tossed it back. "Keep it. I have, like, twenty spares." So I nursed it for the rest of the evening.
It was 3 A.M., with Alfie, Jack and I on the couch watching Friends and making observant commentary on Jack's paper. I turned to the guys. "I don't want to face Eva tonight."
Alfie smirked. "Crash here tonight. I'll get your stuff."
"You sure? I can manage," I offered.
"That windbreaker of yours is meant for the depths of Death Valley, darling." He threw on a hefty parka and jogged out the door.
Jack chuckled. "What a lady killer."