
CHAPTER ONE: IN ASHES
Chloe held on tight, the blonde streaks in her hair dull compared to the rest of her. Her hips, her legs, the arc of her calves. Knee socks over stockings under a tight black miniskirt tucked over a grey wool sweater over a thick tweed coat, the one she loved to talk about. The one that belonged to a dead guy.
I studied her eyes, green with gold flecks, the lines around them crinkling. Chloe prided herself on her "resting bitch face", but it was her smile that drew me in. They say the eyes are the windows to the soul. A piece of her soul penetrated her oily, mysterious surface every time she smiled.
"Hit me baby, one more time," I whispered as she kissed me.
Her kisses were short and filled with ecstasy. She let go of me briefly, panting. She chuckled in realization of the Britney Spears quote. "I'm going home," she whispered, wisps of her hair stuck to my cheek.
"Why? What's wrong?" I grasped her nimble hands in my long and calloused ones, trying to get her to stay.
"Don't get me wrong, Adelaide, I love you, but..." she faltered, eyes glued to my own. "I just can't. You wouldn't understand."
"I will understand anything that comes out of your mouth, Chloe, I love you."
She bit her lip. "We're too young, Addie. Too young. For this relationship, for this kind of commentary on social order, for this kind of world."
I offered a half-smile. "Not too young to try, though."
"I have to go, Addie. Goodbye." She slung her cobalt rucksack over her shoulder and drifted out of the jeep, into the gravelly roads illuminated only by the headlights of our car.
Of my car.
I stumbled out awkwardly, just barely managing to switch the car off. Danny would kill me if it needed a new battery. Danny would kill me for the sheer act of taking it while he was at Uni.
I slammed the door shut, a satisfying grunt with a click, and muttered curses as I shoved the keys in my windbreaker pocket. That dead guy coat had one upside, the fact that it was virtually London-proof. Mildly cold weather and heavy, chilly wind became bearable in it. My bright purple windbreaker? Not so much.
I kicked aside a clump of gravel with the toe of my hefty Wellies and stumbled along the road, voice breaking with everything I sang.
"She doesn't love me, she doesn't love me, why should anyone?"
Pretty soon, Alfie must've heard my ramblings, because he came out of the neighboring house. He had long, pretty dark hair and olive skin, beautiful green eyes unmatched to the climate and genetics of London. He smiled at me awkwardly, him still being in a Star Wars tee-shirt and pyjama bottoms, spotted with little moose.
"Are you okay?" he asked, his gravelly prepubescent voice an excellent contrast against the whistling wind.
"Fine," I mustered, voice cracking.
He pursed his lips. "Doesn't sound fine to me," he offered. "Come in. I'll make you hot cocoa."
"I don't want hot cocoa."
"What do you want, then?"
"Chloe."
He broke down, extending his arms. "Come here." he wrapped his hands around my back, and I broke down in tears against his bony shoulder.
We staggered home to his little flat, two flights up. He lived with Jack, my cousin Isabel's boyfriend. I knew Alfie through that connection, and the fact he was the neighbor that baked cookies for everyone when he moved in.