
I sit alone, in a corner in one of the booths scanning my surroundings nervously. Most kids were eating their pizza with gusto, when other cheerleader's were daintily picking at there food, staring up dreamily into the jocks face.
I give a small gasp as the one and only, Damon Hunter strolled into the room, his dark sapphire eyes were shimmering and his chiseled face was perfectly defined. He was wearing his leather jacket with a black, T-shirt which was showing his prominent abs and muscles. He was dark blue jeans with his signature smirk on his face, earning a few dreamy sighs from the occasional girls.
His dark sapphire eyes scanned the room, spotting a few attractive cheerleaders, he smirked and winked at them.
I felt my face heat up as I looked away,trying not to seem like a stalker for staring at him for a period of time,
I was so red you would've thought I was related to a cherry.I forced myself to look at the Nearby couple sitting a booth ahead of me, snacking on pizza.
I took note on how the couple was at the edge of their seats dying of laughter, trying not to hurl the already eaten pizza at each other.
A small smile etched on my face as I watched the couple enjoy themselves. " They sure are cute together..." I thought, sighing, longing that type of relationship.
The girl whipped around,her chocolate brow curls flying with her as she noticed the stigma of the crowd's attention. Her petite nose twitched as her eyebrows raised up. She scoffed and nudged her boyfriend, signalling with her eyes to look at the bad-boy-wannabe.
The girl felt like something or someone was boring holes into the back of her head, and so she turned around and caught a shy, introvert trying to sneak peaks at the bad-boy.
She smirked and shouted, "Hey babe! Stop drooling over that fake ass wanna-be-bad-boy."
I practically jumped out of my seat whilst dropping my book on the floor, generally surprised the girl had actually noticed me.
My mouth opened and closed like a fish gulping its food as I tried to find a way to distort that remark.
I looked at the floor as a blush founds its way to my face, making the situation worse.
The girl that yelled at me was sniggering while her boyfriend just looked quite amused by the situation, everyone's gaze was on me and It felt horrible. It's like a thousand lasers going threw your skin.
He slides in the seat next to me, entrapping me in the corner while smiling like a Cheshire Cat.
"Hello... Kitten" he says softly and sensually I could feel his breath on my neck and boy, did it give me goosebumps. I try and give him a small smile as he cocked his head and furrowed his eyebrows. You cold?" I shake my head hesitantly. My heart was pounding in my ears and I was still doing a double-take over the fact, _the_ Damon Hunter would be talking to me.
Throughout the next hour, Damon and I talked about almost everything, our topic ranging from our favourite books to bra sizes which triggered major blushing from me. I'm almost convinced I'm a cherries  third or fourth cousin.
When I thought this day couldn't get any better, he asked me out smiling and taking my hand, I vigorously nod a cute little smile making its way on my features. I embrace him tightly while his fingers trailed down my waist squeezing my ass.
I inaudibly gasped and turned crimson "Oops... sorry, kitten" he whispers quietly in my ear, the smirk he behold told me he wasn't sorry at all.
He picks up my book from the floor and scribbles his number on the back of my book, promptly leaving after winking at me. Four or five girls teetered after him in heels they could barely walk in.