
A girl is standing in front of the world's number one music college SPACE, her dream college.Nandini who left everything for her dreams who is now a lonely girl ,bubbly for all but in real she is very much lonely.... She enter the college thinking about her future forgetting about her painful past..She was looking too hot to handle, every eye was on her..she was wearing a damn sexy dress exposing her perfect figure. As she enter every boy wants to talk to her but she saw a manly figure standing at a corner with his four frnds totally lost in his world totally ingnoring d surroundings as he was busy in his whole world with his frnds. She noticed him he was standing with his back towards her. She was felling damn weird as every eye was on her making her feel uncomfortable but seeing him nd his frnds she thought that they might be good to her nd she may talk to them so she head towards them...The manly figure was of none other than the handsome hunk of the college MANIK MALHOTRA. Busy with his frnds cabir, mukti, aliya nd dhruv... they were completely lost in there talks completely ignoring there surroundings. After some time they heard a soft nd a sweet voice of a girl saying excuse me.
She head towards the manly figure.. when she reached near manik she said excuse me wid her alltime sweet voice. Manik turned and as his eyes saw the girl he was astonished with the beauty of the girl.. he was just looking at her..then again the same sweet voice came hye i'm new to this college can you please help me ...... till then she would complete she was disturbed by the principal hye nandini, so finally u r here i'm blessed to have u here, I heard about u , u sing really well haan is it? As soon as she heard principal's voice she turned back and said good morning sir, actually I was coming to u only nd yes thank u for the things u just said about me nd yes u r nt the blessed one i'm the blessed one who got chance to study in SPACE.then the principal said all the students to assemble in the auditorium nd took / nandini wid him to the auditorium. All this time manik was just staring at her, he was mesmerised wid her innocence , bubbley face and her beauty nd ofcourse the way she speaks to everyone..They all head towards the auditorium as said by the principal. As they entered the auditorium they all (manik, cabir, mukti, aliya nd dhruv) saw nandini standing widthe principal nd then nandini introduced herself wid everyone. As she got down d stage every guy was waiting for her to ask for her friendship but she ignored everyone . But she head towards manik nd frnds. She got there nd then said to all of them hye i'm nandini as u all know i'm new in this college nd I don't have any frnd here so can I be a frnd of yours? Manik, cabir, mukti, alya nd dhruv all were shocked as in d whole college she got only them to be frnds but mukti nd alya were quite excited nd they hurriedly said yes sure why not? Then cabir interrupted them nd said now we'll be having one more pretty girl actually a barbie doll in our group nd yes sry to say mukti nd alya but she is actually more sexy than u both. With this statement nandini blushed and dhruv continued ya actually cabir u r right sry baby (alya). Leaving d topic aside manik said that to no doubt that she is more beautiful than both of them but why u chose us for ur frndship. I mean as u can see others r waiting for ur frndship but leaving them u came to us. Why? Whats so special in us? Nandini answered thank you guys meri taarif krne ke liye . Nd yes I asked u for d frndship because u all were d only one who was watching me and I can see in ur eyes what u all meant by d term frndship not like others who were just looking at my beauty , I don't want any frnd who is just my frnd becoz of my beauty I want frnds who truely knows the meaning of frndship nd ofcourse of love . Guys leave this aside u all will not introduce urself? Everyone was amazed by her answer nd was touched too.then they all shake hands wid her nd introduce themselves.then it was manik's turn she shook his hank wid her nd introduced himself nd they both had an eyelock.........