
I stood there, shocked out of my mind. I quickly recover to waver off the attention that was wafted towards me. I hurriedly grabbed my book and rushed to the exit.
The girl that shouted at me earlier was leaning against he brick wall near the doorway, her lips smacking on a piece of gum. Her brown eyes were sparkling as she crossed one leg over another. The girl's head turned at the sound of my echoing footsteps and so she lifted herself off the wall and stopped herself right in front of me.
A bright smile forms on her features, "I'm Manana Kamaria babe" she says while throwing a wink at me, triggering a giggle from me.
I give a small giggle taking out my hand, and giving it to her to shake.
"I'm Catalyn Wood" I smile at her while extending my arm, instead of rev expected handshake, she takes my hand,yanks me towards her,and hugs me tightly. " I know we'll be best friends bitch" she smiles brightly causing me to laugh loudly.
The bell on the the top of the door rang signalling that someone had came out. A boy with pitch black hair and piercing brown eyes came out of the parlour's door who I soon recognised as Manana's boyfriend. "He must have paid the bill..." I quietly thought while biting the inside of my cheek.
His blank facial expression changed when a warm smile curved its way onto his face. He offers his hand and I reluctantly grab hold of it. "I'm Cata-" He cuts me off and says, "Little child." With a smirk.
"Little child?" I ask cocking my head to the side, looking at him slightly confused.
"Your name is Little Child" he repeats slowly pronouncing every syllable clearly.
His scruffy, deep voice was laced with the tiniest bit of aggravation and annoyance since he had to repeat what he had just said.
Manana's eyes brighten up as she points to the boy. "This here." She said as she flicks her boyfriends head, "Is Carson Padma."
Suddenly Manana whispers in my ear."Carson here" she whispers quietly, "hates everyone and is a arrogant asshole but, I love him."
Carson smirks having heard what she said,but keeping his face a blank mask.
"Why the fuck did I come here again... Oh yeah!" Manana's curls slightly bobbed up and down as she exclaimed, "I waited out here to warn you about Damon... You seem like a nice girl, compared to all those bitchy, slutty, hoes." She stopped to roll her eyes and and scoff. "that he usually goes out with." Carson nods, his hair shifting slightly over. exposing his right eye.
Carson causally leans into the wall still keeping contact with me," Damon doesn't do relationships, he only dates them for a little fun. He'll end up using you, and then he'll dump you, breaking your heart in the process." Carson calmly says as he closes his eyes.
My eyes stung from the tears that were being held back, as I managed a stiff nod. "Wh what should I do then?" A shiver went down my spine causing me to sniff then break apart, letting out a loose couple of tears, I quickly wiped away the excess tears, wanting to seem strong in front of the couple. Manana's eyes softened...
"It's your choice babe, and whatever you pick, we'll be here to pick you back up" she says in a sweet tone. Manana checks her phone and her expression drops. "Holy shit Carson, we have to go my parents will kill both of us!" Here's my number Cattibabe, I'll see you at school, byee!" Manana explains while blowing me a kiss.
I looked at the notebook piece of paper that had Manana and Carson's number scrawled on it. I quickly inputed their phone numbers and Damon's into my phone. Dread washed over me but I pushed that feeling to the back of my mind, as I finally walked home, with a fake, cheery smiled embraced on my face.