
*Neon POV*
I pass the alley of 'Dry Juice' gang,glancing at Mizuki an old friend, that betrayed me.... "Ey, well look who it is, Neon! Why don't you come over here don't ya?" I growl at the comment and slowly trudge into the alley. "What do you want Mizuki?" He was now looking at my clothing of choice... A short top that showed my belly ring and that said 'Rhyme' on it with Black shorts that said 'Touch' on the back of the shorts and combat boots..." Oh you know wanted to say 'Hello' to a distant friend." After his remark, He grabs me by my waist while his stupid gang cheered him on... I am a boxing and rhyme fighting champion.... He must've lost his marbles, If he thinks i'm about to let him rape and touch me!!! I struggle against his strength, I guess he must have practiced since the last time we fought... I couldn't get out of his firm grip.... "SOMEBODY HELP ME!!!" A guy with dread locks and a sexy well built body came charging through the crowds and see Mizuki holding A KNIFE that was now at my throat, seeping into my skin.... The guy with the dread swiftly moves and punches Mizuki square in the jaw, while grabbing my hand in the process pulling me through Mizuki's so-called 'Gang'. "You're welcome." He looks at me...  His face is freaking scary.... "T-Thank you, may I know your name?" He looks up and down at me... "Mink." I nod and look down at my hands to see his hands intertwine with mines and quickly let go... "Do you need a ride home." He looks at the dark streets with lurking people in the night.. I nod .. What are you doing Neon you have so much to live for!!!! "Are you coming or not?" I get on his motorcycle and tell him where to go.. And while doing so we ran 15 red lights without getting hit somehow.. "Thank you." He nods and stares at me all intense.. "Would you like to come in?" He nods and gets off his motorcycle and follows me in the house.. Okay its either he ends up in my bed or I end up on my table naked because we couldn't make it to the bed... But i seriously doubt, he will make a move...