
Nicole was a fifteen year old girl and since she began elementary she'd normally have boys for friends rather than girls she didn't like to participate on the 'girl' side or play with 'girly' toys, she enjoyed superheroes and ninjas especially Marvel and different comic books. Nicole's been growing up having many different boys as her friends which from different perspective made her look like a slut hanging out with different boys but she never acted slutty or acted how you would think they would. It was the first day of seventh grade, spectacular.
A loud ringing buzzed in her ear, a young dirty blonde growled and felt for her alarm clock and slammed a balled fist down on it, "wake me up when school matters." She groaned and rolled over. A few minutes passed and she jumped up fixing her bed and grabbed a change of clothes and a towel then took her shower.
After her shower she dried off and changed then applied a very light pink lip stick and ran downstairs grabbing her breakfast and waited for the bus a dark brown satchel slung over her back. "Nicki!" A girl with dark hair and a beautiful tan completion howled and ran towards her arms spread looking dangerous to be around. "Turtle (Mary)!" Nicole laughed and grabbed her friend hugging her tight. "Really. It was one time!" The short girl groaned and walked Nicki on the bus a light blue backpack on her back. Nicole grinned and walked behind her looking at everyone before sitting down in an unoccupied seat along with Turtle(Mary). "Isn't this shirt cool? I found it when I was at the beach." Mary chuckled pulling at the ends showing off her 'Howling wolf shirt' that supposedly glowed in the dark. "Sweet. Check this out." Nicole said and showed her the shirt she had cut the ends into a crop top that read 'Panic! At the disco-A fever you can't sweat out.' "Cool.." Mary murmured with a small smile and the bus stopped a bunch of kids stampeded through the aisle, Nicole quickly grabbed turtles arm and dragged her through the swarm of children and ran into the large building huffing her chest heaving with every breath. "Oh man!" Mary gasped swiping her forehead with imaginary sweat and laughed departing with Nicole and went their separate ways. "Until lunch dear heart!" Nicole said dramatically putting a hand to her chest.