
//Calum//
I groaned at my alarm clock and noticed I had to get up and go to work.I took a quick shower and didn't even bother with my hair I found the messy hair look quite sexy. I got on my red outfit and this stupid hat. I looked at my appearance one more time before walking out the door. I lived alone in a small two bedroom apartment I admit I was sort of sad I had no one to talk to beside Luke, Ashton and Michael.We all worked at the same place so we basically hung out every moment of the day and having the same friends and hanging out with them every moment of the day.//I walked down the the street kicking the small rocks smiling to myself but like the dumbass I am I wasn't watching in front of me and I smashed into someone, "I'm sorry!" I said grabbing her shoulders steadying her so she didn't fall on her ass. She smiled and put a piece of hair behind her ear that was in her face "Thank you." I smiled and said, "No problem." I let go of her shoulders and smiled once again waving goodbye.//Today felt the busiest out of them all. I was being annoyed my Ashton and Michael as they made jokes when I was on my feet and only go to sit down for maybe 10 minutes if I was lucky. I never wanted to be one of those guys that never wanted to get on their feet and work. I was always on my toes and never complained unlike Ashton and the rest of them. Luke wasn't so bad he'd get up and run around. I felt like a mom. I used to think my mom didn't do a dammed thing but she did what I do and I feel bad.-I finally sat down on my couch taking off my shoes and yawning and turning the TV on.I closed my eyes and fell to sleep.//I finally had the day off I spent my day running around town and doing stuff. I was a boring person and pretty much had no life. My parents kicked me out on my birthday when I turned 18 I barley had enough money for the apartment I'm living in right now. I'm single and just do a bunch of one night stands. I make a good amount of money so I can pay rent buy dinner or even cook. I took a few cooking classes cause I found cooking is less expensive than going out for Chinese take out every night.-I held two bags in my hands that were full of random stuff for cooking and maybe something to touch up the apartment.-I walked down the sidewalk trying to not hit people or bump into them because I hated human contact unless it was in bed. My phone buzzed and I shouldn't even wonder who it is its probably Luke complaining his mum won't let him date a girl he likes. And sure enough it was Luke, "What Lucifer?""That's not my name! And where are you?""I was shopping.""You're such a girl.""Shut up at least my girliness saves me Money and gives me benefits.""Whatever get your ass over here.""Fine." I hung up and called a Taxi cause whatever was so important I needed to be there right now.I hated taxis they always smelled like smoke and sex. Two smells I hated so much and I was sitting in the worst place to be.-After a long taxi ride with some guy trying to mob me of my groceries I finally reached my door. Ashton and all them were sitting outside waiting for me like creeps. I unlocked the door and set my bags on the counter, "Okay what do guys want?""Ashton." Luke said"I got some chick pregnant.""Way to go Ashton!" I said taking out the stuff from the bags putting them in cabinets. Ashton glared at me and said, "Shut up Hood.""Don't talk to me like that in my house.""I do what I damn well please.""Ashton I swear to god don't make me throw you out the door I'm not in the mood today.""Try me bitch." Ashton said getting up"Ashton!" Luke said. I walked out my kitchen and opened the door, "Get then hell out.""Ooh I'm scared you told me to get out." "Irwin I swear..." He laughed and Michael got up shoving Ashton out the door way. I slammed the door and locked it. I sighed and went back to what I was doing, "Who wants nachos?" Luke and Michael instantly looked up and said, "Nachos?!" I smiled and started the nachos.
A/N Sorry for this horrible book I just had an idea for a fic and its horrible I'm sorry for you having to read it.Bye now :3