
I wake up to laughing in the kitchen. At first I lay there and just listen, but then I realize I must be one of the last ones in my room. I check my clock. 8:07. What? Kara was supposed to wake me up at 8:00.
I get up and frantically look for clothes to change into. As I'm rummaging through my drawers, Kara comes running in.
"WAKE UP! WAKE UP! WAK... oh you're already up. Sorry I'm a little late, I got caught up in the kitchen." Kara says with a laugh.
If there was one word to describe Kara, it would probably be late. I swear, she's cursed or something. I've lived with her my whole life and I'm 99% sure she hasn't been on time for anything. She was even born late, and I don't doubt she'll be late for her own funeral.
"Let's go have breakfast, I'm starving." I say.
"Guess who made waffles!" She says excitedly as she pulls me toward the door.
"Breeze?" I guess.
"Nope. Guess again." She says with the same amount of excitement as before.
"Kara, there's a lot of people to guess from." I say, giggling at how excited she is about waffles.
When we get to the kitchen though, I realize why she is so excited.
"TATUM!" Amber screams as she runs to hug me.
"AMBER!" I scream in return. We hug and then I get some waffles and sit down by Amber and across from Kara.
"I have so much to tell you guys about my trip!" Amber says.
Amber turns 17 in a few days, but since the trip was last month they let her go, but she had to come back to the cabin until she's officially 17. If Kara wouldn't have been born late, she would've gone with Amber.
"So," Kara begins, "what are boys like?"
"There like nothing you could imagine. And they're super confusing too, but some of them sure are gorgeous." Amber answers.
"Did you find him? Did you find the one?" I ask, anxious for the answer.
"Yeah, he's perfection." She answers with a huge smile and a dreamy look in her eye. I just giggle at her.
"Well what's his name?" Kara asks. before Amber can answer, Brenna comes running in the kitchen.
"Have you guys seen my- AMBER YOUR BACK!" Brenna yells. Amber just laughs.
"Well how was it?!" Brenna half screams half asks.
"Grab a waffle and sit down. I'll tell you all about it. I was just about to tell Kara and Tatum his name." Amber says. Brenna hurries to get a waffle and some syrup, and sits down next to Kara.
"So what's his name?" Kara repeats.
"Channing." Amber answers.
"Ooo, that's hot." says Brenna. Amber giggles.
"His names not the only hot thing." Amber says with a smirk. "I'm going to dinner with him later. I wish you guys could come to meet him." She says with a frown.
"We'll meet him soon remember? We only have a couple weeks until our trip." I say trying to sound optimistic.
"Oh yeah I can't wait!" Kara says excitedly. "But I want to hear about your trip first." She says to Amber.
While Amber tells of her travels, I accidentally zone out and start thinking about my match. Is he going to be taller than me? Is he going to have a hot name, like Amber's match? What color hair will he have? And then, that's when my overthinking took a turn and became anxiety. What if I have the wrong ring? What if my match has the wrong ring? What if I don't like my match? Or worse, what if he doesn't like me?
I was shaken out of my thoughts when Kara asked me what I thought of Amber's trip.
"It sounds like you had a great time and now I really can't wait for my trip!" I said a little too excitedly. They didn't notice.
"Well it's time to get ready for our classes today so I'm gonna go shower." I say and get up and head to the bathroom.