
"You little fucking whore. You liked it when you killed her, didn't you?" He picks up a wooden kitchen chair and unscrews of one of the long, spindly legs. "Liked tying the knot and hearing her neck-" he roughly snaps the wood in half, "snap!" he roars. I continue to sob, mourning the loss of my mother and my brother. Despite what Aaron does to me, I pity him- he took my mother's suicide worse than I could have ever expected. He's always thought I killed her. Ever since he found me crying beneath my mother's suspended body.
"Please, Aaron, you're my brother-"
"Brother?" he whispers, the word dripping so heavily with loathing and denial that shivers attack my heart. "You!" he suddenly explodes, plunging the spiked edge of the broken chair leg into my stomach. I scream my throat raw in less than a second, the impact of the weapon pushing scream after scream, sob after sob, out of my broken mouth.
"You," he roars, pulling his makeshift dagger out of my stomach before forcing it into my thigh, causing me to spasm with screams, "are not my sister! You are worthless-" he rips the wood out of my flesh and stabs it in my other thigh, "-fucking whore!"
He drags the wood thought the top layer of my flesh until he reaches my knee. Blood bubbles at my mouth and I cough, my throat to blocked to let air through. "Ah," he sighs in satisfaction. "That's better. I feel better now. Do you feel better, Cleo?" he smiles. As I attempt to answer, he twists the wood out of my leg, causing my back to arch in agony and blood to fly from my lips in a cough.
"Y-y-y-" I try to steady my breathing and squeeze another tear out of my eye. "Y-yes-s, A-Aaron." I whisper, my voice shaking uncontrollably.
His eyes meet mine, glimmering with some sort of sick, twisted happiness, "Good." A joyful smile tugs at his lips as he lets out a childish giggle and pushes himself off his knees to his feet, swaying to his bedroom.
He slams the door shut. My tears continue to dribble down my face; I lift a quivering hand to my stomach, convulsing when my hand meets blood. Assessing the wound whilst clenching my mouth and eyes shut, I discover that it's not as deep as I though it was. The same goes with my legs.
A strange pang hits my heart, and with large eyes, I recognise it as disappointment. I'm not happy to be alive.
Looking down at my body, I suck air unsteadily into my throat and attempt to stifle my tears. There's so much blood.
I desperately grab at the floor, as if begging it to help me sit up. But it simply scrapes it's teeth against my skin once again, warning my to stay away. Holding a hand to my stomach, I push up off the floor and manage to sit upright. Slowly, carefully, I push myself to my feet and grip onto the counter for support. My left leg remains limp and hovers over the floor- I don't want to put pressure on it; it sustained the worst damage. I reach as far as I can across the counter and pull myself to where my hand it, holding myself up the entire time. Eventually, I reach our small bathroom and push the door open.
I sit on the edge of the bath as I wait for it to fill up with warm water.
When it's finally full up, I gently strip off my ripped clothes, crying out as the fabric pulls at my sticky blood-soaked cuts. Finally, I lower myself into the bath, weeping silently.
I used to have a nice life. Right up until my mother hanged herself in my parents' bedroom when I was eleven. My father had never been around.
It was just me, Mum, and Aaron.
After that, Mum's sister claimed all of Mum's money and the house, kicking Aaron and I out. Since he was eighteen, he became my legal guardian, even though he didn't want me. He took us to stay at his best friend's flat- this flat- on a grubby estate and we've been here ever since.