
"Oh my God, Sofia, you can't wear that."
I look myself over in the mirror. The tattered shorts and black tank top perfectly compliment my hazel eyes and braided brown hair.
"Why not?" I ask my mother, twirling from the mirror to face her.
She scrunches up her nose and shakes her head. "It's too, I dunno, Gothic. And I'm pretty sure it's not dress code, young lady."
She was probably right.But ugggggghhhh! Mothers.
I groan and roll my eyes, but push her out of my room and take off the "Gothic" clothes, searching my closet for something that would pass my mother's test.
My mom is Beca Mitchell, a-cappella legend. And my dad is none other than Jesse, leader of the Trebelemakers. Well, he WAS leader of the Trebelemakers. And my mom WAS leader of the champions, the Barden Bellas. But now they're just parents. Awesome parents, but just parents.
They still get together with their old groups from time to time, though. In fact, they usually drag us kids along as well, and there's even a reunion going on tonight. It's lucky we all still live in the same area.
To ace my mom's inspection, I pull on an cute emerald green tee and shorts with a treble clef embroided on the left leg.To match, I wear a black headband.
There. Decent enough for you, mom?
I find her flipping pancakes downstairs at the stove. She glances at me. "That's more like it."
She flips a pancake onto my plate and sets down a glass of milk beside it.
My dad walks in, singing I've got the Magic in me.My mom joins in, their voices harmonizing perfectly.
See, this is the stuff that makes me mad. Both my parents are legends, and I can't sing. At ALL. Why, why can't I sing? It's like their talent just skipped right over me.
My mom says that the music will 'find me', and I just 'need to be patient'.
Bull.
The duet finishes their song and kisses. "Bleeeeeh!!" I say, holding my stomach and sticking my finger in my throat, pretending to gag.
"Morning, Sofia," sings my dad, kissing me on the cheek briefly, which I promptly wipe off. He laughs. "Gotta go to work! Have great first day of school!" He says to me, waggling his fingers in my face and stepping out the door.
Both my dad and my mom own a record company focused solely on a-cappella music, known as AccaSong.
They make a lot of money. Groups come from all over to record there, and it's the top a-cappella industry in the world.
My mother finishes her own pancake and kisses me on top of my head. "I've gotta go too, sweetheart," she says. "Have an awesome day at school!"
I nod at her and swallow my bite of food before replying, "Love you too, mom. Bye!"
She pulls open the door and steps out. "Oh, and don't forget to make some friends!" She calls before slamming it shut.
Yeah. Like that's gonna happen.
After my pancake, I grab my backpack and head outside to wait for my bus to hell.
Seventh grade last year was okay. Sixth grade was even better. But something happened on the last day of school in seventh that I knew would make this year miserable.
It seems that the Bella generation has a thing for embarrassing themselves. My mom's friend, Aubrey Posen, threw up during a performance, and her other friend, Fat Amy, split her pants during a show for the president's birthday and flashed her south parts to the world.