
On the last day of school during lunchtime, Jennifer DeRemaro decided to pants me. In front of the school. It just so happens that on that day I was short on underwear and I had to wear my old pair of Hello Kitty ones.
So the bitch sneaks up behind me and yanks down my skirt to show the whole school my Hello Kitty panties.
I almost threw up with embarrassment.
Worse yet, my crush, Zach, was sitting a few feet away. And he laughed with the rest of them.
I ran to the bathroom at lightning speed an spent the rest of the day crying my eyes out.
And Jennifer even had the nerve to come up to me and say, "Hey, don't blame me! I wasn't the one wearing Hello Kitty underwear!"
I am never gonna live that one down.
The bus comes eventually and I get on, quickly sitting down at the first empty seat so no one has time to recognize me.
I listen to music on my way to school. Though I have no talent whatsoever, it seems that music is still in my blood.
I just get lost in the words, the melody and how everything fits together, creating a perfect song.
The bus stops in front of my school, Armond Middle. It's a large brick building, three stories tall (one for each grade). I'll be in the top story this year, being in the eighth grade.
Everyone files out, me in the back of the line, and we walk to the gym. First task of middle school: find a seat on the bleachers.
I squeeze myself between two girls who seem friendly, but they promptly try to make room between them and I so they didn't have to touch me.
Yeah. It's gonna be a long year.
The principal, Mrs. Fanry, struts out with a microphone in hand. "Good morning, students!" She calls. "Good morning..." We mumble. "I can't hear you!" The principal trills, cupping a hand over her ear."Good morning!!" We shout."Much better!" Says Mrs. Fanry. "Sixth graders, welcome to Armond, seventh and eighth graders, welcome back! If everyone would please pull out their schedules..." No one moves. "Chop chop!" She shouts, clapping her hands.
Papers rustle around the gym, and I yank out my crumpled schedule from my backpack.
I zone out on her voice, explaining where to go to which class, and what period related arts is, and blah blah blah...
I didn't need to hear it. Actually, none of the eighth graders did. We'd already been here two years. We know what's up.
Before I know it, the principal is done talking and us kids are filing out of the gym to first period.
My first is Science, with Evans. I've heard that she's really nice.I sit down in the back row, near a chemical lab, plopping down my backpack next to me.
The rest of the class comes in slowly, and they all choose their seats next to their friends.
The last kid that comes in is short, and awkward looking. She has short black hair and wears no makeup.
All the seats in the room are taken but the one right next to me. The girl walks over to me, looking up shyly."Um.. Can I sit here?" She says quietly. Her voice is high and sweet. "Sure," I say, and move my stuff to make room for her.