
Sock was a Demon Boy. But you already knew that, didn't you? If you didn't, why the hell are you even reading this?
Jonathan was an edgy Teen. Again, you knew this.
It was a typically normal day at the nameless High School and Jonathan was sitting at his Lunch table. Sock had been stalking him for about 4 months now, and he supposed that they were friends.
Jonathan didn't eat anything because he was to edgy.
"Hey, Sock. Can I ask you something?" Jonathan piped up. Sock tilted his head to the side and nodded.
"Sure! Ask me anything." Sock allowed. Jonathan noticed some popular kids laughing, but Jonathan thought some edgy things about them.
"Uhh, right, what are your thoughts on...Umm..."
Jonathan stuttered. He couldn't say it infront of a bunch of kids, especially considered how they couldn't see or hear Sock. Sock himself looked at him with concentration.
"Nevermind..."
"Oh. Alright then!" Sock said obliviously as he continued to look at his ghost hole in his stomach.
Jonathan watched him. Sock was pretty much his only friend, and he had to admit; Sock had some sweet facial features.
But he thought this in an edgy way.
After school, Jonathan took the bus home along with Sock, as usual. They talked for a while, chatting about what Hell is like and how Sock's ghost hole works.
Because edge.
Jonathan got off at his stop, while Sock just materialised out of the bus. Jonathan entered his house and went upstairs to his room.
Sock followed up to see his room as usual. Messy, full of Edgy posters and his set of Headphones sat upon his black bed.
"So, uh, about what I was gonna say at Lunch..."
Sock looked at Jonathan with the same amount of concentration as before. Jonathan swallowed a large lump and spoke up
"What are your thoughts on... Umm... I mean are you... Like, are you okay with..."
"Are you Okay, Jon?" Sock questioned. Jonathan took a deep breath and continued.
"Homosexuals" Jonathan stated abruptly. Sock's eyes widened, gasping in a cartoonish way.
"I don't even know how you never noticed it. I literally stated 'Do you have a crush' before." Jonathan added, starting to calm a bit.
"I, uh... I sorta... Like you... A bit... As well... Maybe... I don't..."
Jonathan went in for a kiss. He imagined himself having some sort of sweet, edgy makeout session with him.
But he just fell flat on his face on the bed.
Sock laughed a bit. "I'm a Demon Ghost, Jon. Why do you even like me like that anyway?"
"Because you're worth it."
Then they did it. And it was awkward.