
Except Aaron's best friend isn't here anymore.
Aaron killed him three years ago.
I don't know how it happened. All I remember is walking into the flat to find Aaron on the floor with James, his best friend, sawing his dead body up with a kitchen knife. I remember the crazy gleam in Aaron's eye. It still haunts me.
I've considered running. Everyday I contemplate leaving and finding a new life. But Aaron knows how I think. He followed Lara home one day. He knows where she lives.
If I live, she dies.
Wincing, I squeeze heavy teardrops out of my eyes as I rub soap into my wounds and wash them. I dry myself off with a small towel before wrapping my legs and stomach in thick layers of bandages. Aaron never lets me run out of bandages, otherwise I'd definitely bleed out. And if I died, who would Aaron use to take out his feelings on?
Noticing blood bleeding through the top layer of bandages on my stomach, I continue to wrap my stomach until I feel supported. Then I cover myself with my towel, leave the bathroom, and limp to my bedroom, where I dress in tatty shorts and the loosest top I can find.
I ensure to lock the door of my bedroom, pressing my chest of drawers, as usual, against the doorframe. Then I crawl under my thin sheets and lie on my back, begging sleep to claim me.
Heavy sobs tear at my throat as desperation and helplessness washes over me.
I'm only seventeen. I haven't even experienced life yet; I've been drifting around in Death's promising embrace for six years.
With a final cry, I push myself into an unstable jog, nearing the train tracks.
A few more steps.
The train is almost here, it's almost here to carry me away, to take me away from this life.
I finally reach the tracks and close my eyes, throwing myself forward and accepting my fate. I feel peaceful.
The force hits me harder than I imagined and I'm knocked to the ground, knowing that I'm going to be in peace soon.
But nothing is happening. I can hear the train, but I can't feel it.
My eyes fly open.
Leaning over me, is a boy- a man- panting into the cold night air, watching me with an unreadable expression, his arms wrapped around my waist."Good," he starts breathlessly, staring at me with wide green eyes.
"You're still breathing."