
I watch in London's grimy darkness as lights flash in the distance, signalling an oncoming train.
From my place on the roof, swinging my legs, I can see everything. I can see the alleyways, druggies exchanging goods not-so-discreetly. I can see teenagers my age emerging from the local cinema, laughing in their little group. I can see adults heading home from work, stuck in the swarm of dreary vehicles. I can see mothers cautiously pulling their toddlers close to them, unconsciously keeping them safe in the uncertainty of the evening gloom.
Slipping gingerly off the roof, I land on my sore feet on the fire escape staircase and slowly shuffle down the steps with a limp, drifting towards the train tracks.
I could do it.
I can hear it coming closer, the tracks rattling unhappily as the weight of the metal carriage edges closer.
Could I do it? Am I desperate enough?
My thoughts slam against the mental barrier I've put up, teasing me into thinking about what took place earlier.
Do I deserve this? I stare down as the yellowish bruise forming on my wrist, sighing. It's the only wound I can face without cringing at the gruesomeness of it. It's the only bruise he's ever let show from underneath my clothing. He's grown careless.
And suddenly, with a devastated gasp, my body buckles as the barrier is broken, and the memory of this evening comes flooding back to me.
I let myself into the flat, grinning at the thought of today. Slowly, school has become a haven for me. Leah never lets me think about my life at home. She knows I'm not happy; she doesn't know why, but she doesn't need to know. I was happy at school earlier- I still am. My mood is in the clouds, my head is swimming with the laughter Carrie and I shared, with the realisation that I'm not as broken and emotionless as I thought.
That's when I see him.
My smile disappears.
Aaron stares at me from the doorway of his bedroom, a glass bottle in his hand. Even in the gloominess of the flat, I can tell it's alcohol.
Shit. This isn't good.
I watch his footsteps: uncoordinated, clumsy. Coming closer.
I watch his expression: menacing, accusing, yet still... empty.
I watch his hands: twitching, tightening, flexing.
"Cleo," he drawls, dribbling slightly. "Why the fuck are you smiling?"
"I-I'm not, Aaron," I mumble, pressing my back against the wall and wrapping my hand against the door handle.
"You smiling 'cause you're happy? 'Cause you killed her and now you're all alone with me? That make you happy? Huh? Look at me, bitch!" he screeches, his voice scratching at my ears like nails scraping down a chalkboard. I cringe as ice-cold fingers pinch my chin and roughly force it up to look at him.
"P-please Aaron," I start to weep as his fingernails dig into my wrist and pry me away from the wall. I stay latched on to the door handle.
"Aaron, please, no," I whimper. His eyes flash and he growls in the back of his throat before using his strength to throw me to the floor, my hand aching for the handle no longer in it's grasp. With his back to me, Aaron slides the latch on the door shut.
I'm locked in.
I break inside, sobbing quietly into the grimy carpet that scratches at my face with it's scrabbly fibres.