
Kyle POV
I woke up to a loud alarm clock. Great...I turned it off and got dressed for school. After a couple of seconds I started walking to school alone until I heard someone call out to me. "Kyle!" Stan ran up towards me, then yet again I begin to blush. I smiled, "hey Stan. What's up?" "Oh I just wanted to talk for a bit." "Oh." I didn't have one of my mittens I only had on one so my mom didn't want me to go out without any.
I didn't want Stan to see that I didn't have my other one on so I put my hand with the mitten on my other hand. It was still cold though... "Kyle." "Yeah?" "Give me your hand." "H-huh?" "Give me your hand." Stan laughed at me. I blushed & held my hand out. He had both of his mittens on so he held my hand. I hoped that no one would see us and call us faggots like that fatass...but I liked holding his hand. It felt...nice somehow.
I never wanted to let go. Until I heard "aww look at the cute faggot's holding hands." "Shut up cartman no one cares." Stan told him and ran off holding my hand still. "Stan....?" He didn't say anything until we got inside the school. "Is your hand warm now kyle?" He smiled. "O-oh yes. Thanks dude haha." We but our backpacks in our lockers and got what we needed for class.
Once we got to class we started working. Of course kenny was pretending to do work when really he was reading porn mags. I played attention well enough in class so I usually had to help him. After class was gym. After playing football in the guys unit we had to take showers so we wouldn't smell bad or something. After I was done I had all my clothes on. I'm guessing I was the only one there until I heard Stan.
"Hey kyle your still in here?" Stan had his shirt. I was blushing so much that I had to hide my face. But at least he had pants on..."y-yeah!" "Oh." He put on his shirt. His cheeks were a bit pink. After that we walked back to class. I was still a bit embarrassed but it was funny. In class I kept thinking about asking Stan something..
I was sitting in the cafeteria eating lunch with Kenny. I wondered were Stan was so I could ask him. "Hey kyle." "Yeah?" "Do you like Stan or something?" "n-no! I'm not gay or anything..." Kenny looked at me for awhile then he just stayed quiet. I saw Stan and went up to him.
"S-stan!" "Whoa dude, what is it?" "Could you go somewhere with me tomorrow!" I didn't realize I was yelling. My heart was beating so fast...Stan looked at me and smiled. "Sure. I wouldn't mind I mean were friends." He pat my head which made me blush. "O-oh yeah...okay." I smiled. I saw Kenny looking at us. He just smiled and walked away.