
(Jordan's POV)I couldn't help but see the beautiful girl that was sitting at one of the tables in Starbucks when I walked in. As I strode over to the cash register I caught her eye, I could feel myself start to blush. After I get my drink I stroll over to where she is and sit across from her.
"Are you... Jordan Frye?" She asks, Biting her lip.
"Yes I am, You must be a fan," I reply leaning back in my chair. She nods.
"I'm Y/N," She states, Tucking her hair behind her ear.
"Well, Its very nice to meet you Y/N," I say, Grinning. She blushes as she meets my gaze.
(Y/N's POV)"Well it was very nice talking to you, But I have to go," I sigh.
"Wait! Y/N, Can I have your number?" Jordan questions, Grabbing my hand before I got out of my chair.
"Of course," I smile, Looking down at the floor to hide my blushing face.
"You look cute when you blush," He says lifting my chin up to look at him. Before he can lean toward me I pull out my phone.
"My number is (Your phone number)," As I read it off he types it into his contacts. He looks slightly hurt that I didn't want to kiss him. I obviously liked him, But I didn't know if I was ready to have my first kiss yet.
"Alright, Bye Y/N," Jordan says as we walk outside.
"Bye Jordan," I wave as we go out separate ways. I hope he texts me soon, I already miss him.
(Jordan's POV)I can't take it anymore. I need to text her.
J: Hey Y/N, Its Jordan :)
Y/N: Oh hi! I was hoping you would text me! :P
J: You were huh?
Y/N: Yea... Jordan I really like You and I think... I think you like me too...
J: Meet me at the park?
Y/N: Sure?
J: Okay, Cya there!
Y/N: Alright...
"I'll be right back guys!" I shout as I put my shoes on. I shut the door behind me as I start walking to the park.
(Y/N's POV)I scroll through Instagram while waiting for Jordan. I hear footsteps coming toward me so I look up. Jordan pulls me up off the bench and places his hands on my waist.
"I don't like you Y/N," He says.
"Then why are you doing this?" I question, Backing away from him.
"Because I love you," Jordan replies, Pulling me closer to him. We stare into each other's eyes as we both lean in. Our lips touch as electricity crawls through my skin and butterflies erupt in my stomach.