
Just as I opened my eyes I get attacked by a pack of oversized crazy mutts who had foam in its mouth. See it all started like this. Sleep.Wake. Monster.I don't remember much only a few hazy things. And luckily, that I have powers. I am the Solar Dragon Slayer (( Yes it's another dragon slayer fanfic but I can't help it! Dragon Slayers are so awesome)) and I belong to a guild called Fairy Tail. I stood up and dusted myself. I wore a blue suit which looked like I had just come from a battle. I had some cuts and a scar. And on my left arm was an emblem with silver. Fairy Tail....Suddenly I heard this roar. I looked up with a start and in front of me I saw a huge black dog with huge fangs and foam dripping followed by four more.I stepped back gasping. One of the monsters snarled at me and charged, I leapt up and over it easily, who would know I was a ninja! Instinctively I landed one leg back and another front ready for battle. Boy am I a weirdo cause suddenly..."Come at me puppy!" I shouted, it charged at me. I waited for a few moments....
"SOLAR DRAGON!!" I said sucking in the light above me, didn't know how I did it. I guess I sucked up the particles of light. "ROAR!!!" A large blast destroyed the truck dog leaving nothing but dust. I looked at it, but, I didn't know my powers were this strong. I grinned, I felt canine jaws. That's right, I'm a dragon slayer. I looked at the others who also charged at me. I charged at them."SOLAR DRAGON FIRE WINGS!" A golden fire appeared and I slashed out other two, who also became dust. The other two charged and disappeared into the shadows. "Solar Dragon Golden Fist!" I said and as one leaped out at me I punched it and the blast went through it, it turned to dust. I looked around and finally another appeared."Gotcha" I said, I ran forward and when I reached it I leapt up. Stupidly the dog looked up."Solar Dragon Claws!" I said kicking the dog. My foot ignited in flame like energy, I sent the thing flying. I watched it fall and disappear. Taking in a breath I sighed. Suddenly I heard a crack and I turned fist ignited.Then I saw a bunch of kids in orange shirts. "Crap" I huffed flames dying in my fist. "Um hello" I said out loud. They all flinched and looked at each other. I heard trotting and saw a... No way! A centaur! "Hello" he said " Please come, we need to talk" I nodded and started walking towards him, I caught sight of 4 teenagers. They spoke urgently among each other. As we walked by them I heard."It said dragon of the sun." A boy with green eyes said to them"Yes but it said wizard" a blond guy said. "The one who's lost in a world not her own" A blond girl said. "You think?" Said a girl with brown hair, a feather in it.I looked away and followed the centaur. I am a wizard of the Fairy Tail guild.... And I don't know where I am.