
So here I am, stuck in school and I'm rather bored, we're -well I'm- in biology and we're going over DNA and genes which I've read all about so I did my work twice as fast as the others and- I'm sorry, I uh...I must be rambling, I tend to do that a lot.
Well anyways, my names scarlett and im-
"Scarlett? Did you hear what I said?"
"Uh...sorry...zoned out.." The teacher sighed and shook her head and I could hear the others laugh at me...to be honest I never fitted in, I was always the shy girl who stayed to herself, I moved to america with my foster family a few years ago from Britain to las vagas, Nevada and it sucks to be here
"I said that the head wants to see you in his office, theres a few agents who want to speak to you" I stood up, collected my stuff and stuffed them into my satchel and walked out, when I got to the door I heard a few voices, things like
"Is she getting arrested?"
"I heard she hacked the FBI computers"
"Let's hope the freak gets expelled. We don't need a genius in the school" I lowered my head walked to the heads office, I knocked on the door softly and walked in, I fiddled with my satchel strap for a few minutes before looking up to the head and the two agents
"U-um..I am..really, really sorry if I did anything wrong sir but...uh...why are...why are there two FBI agents here?" I looked at the two agents, one looked like he was an African american and the other, well he was tall and very thin...a bit like me except I was shorter and have blue eyes
"Scarlett, this is Derek Morgan and Dr. Spencer Reid and don't worry, you are not in any trouble" I licked my lips, a habit that I do when I'm nervous and sat down, still fiddling with the strap of my satchel
"Uh...if I don't mind asking...why am I here?"
"They want to teach you themselves, Dr. Reid and Morgan thought it would be a good idea that-"
"So...I'm moving...schools?"
------
A/NNye here, hope you guys enjoy my first criminal minds fanfic, i have only completed season one and I'm onto season two but, most of the cases Scarlett will be working on will be from my own imagination
Nye out