
(Hey guys this is my first ianthony story :3 hope you guys like it)
(Ian's POV )I was sitting on the couch thinking of what smosh video  me and Anthony could do suddenly Anthony came in with his beautiful hazel coffee eyes looked into mine.I was blushing at my thoughts.Anthony then said with a smile,Ian I have news!! I asked him, what!! Me and Kalel are getting married!! My heart sank not to be wierd but I've always had a thing for Anthony but he doesn't feel the same i just faked a smile and said Congrats Anthony
(Anthonys POV)I told Ian about the news but he didn't seem very happy I could tell with his expression but then he smiled and I smiled back Ian said Congrats,I say thanks Bro. Well I got to go and plan stuff
(Ian POV)Ok bye Ant-Anthony!! I almost burst into tears, but then I went to my room I got my pillow and started crying then I just fell asleep
(Anthony's POV)I heard Ian crying but I was too nervous to go to his room and when I had the courage to go inside he was sleeping with his pillow all wet it was from his tears. I feel horrible I'll have to ask him tomorrow why he was crying,he is kinda cute sleeping.......... WAIT!?!?!?!?? ANTHONY SNAP OUT OF IT!!! That was so wierd Well I'll go to sleep maybe I have to much on me right now oh well goodnight,I whisper to Ian but he was asleep then I left and closed the door
THE NEXT DAY!!!!!!
(Ian's POV)
I woke up and yawned I wish I was with Anthony next to me but he is with his w-wife saying those words killed me I felt a burn in my heart well I better get ready for today and for Anthonikku i blush well I have to get ready!!
(Anthony's POV)I woke up and took a shower but Ian was on my mind. I was thinking about him crying I don't know why I didn't go to his room yesterday like a best friend should,but I guess I was to nervous for some reason.......I wonder why I thought he was cute while sleeping....well I'm going to ask him he walked out of his room Ian looked cute WHAT!?! Well never mind that thought I'll just go and ask him ummmm Ian I have to ask you something yesterday I heard you crying when I went to your room I saw you sleeping with tears what happened?
Authours note~~~~~~~~~~~~Hey guys hope you liked this chapter I will be writing more please tell me if you want me to add something idk just tell me thank you bye!!!