
What's the real purpose to living? I keep asking myself that and many more questions that I don't know the answers to.
My story is simple, nothing fancy...
Our First meeting
I woke up that day knowing how it would end, like all my other days filled with messed up files and rude clients, get home take a shower, go jogging, take another shower, eat and fall asleep infront of a laptop watching old romantic movies. So it started like I said, but my friend I met on first floor came over, we got all dressed up for a night out at the club. A phone call came through for me from my bestfriend who is infact a guy that I had the most memorable times with, he asked me to meet up at another club so we all could be together. My girl and I walked over as it was not far from where we were staying, walking,talking ofcourse I had to tell her about him what tipe of person my guyfriend was...laughing all the way up to him surrounded by guys and some girls i thought tagged along I introduced my girl to him, now the guys all came and shook our hands except for one guy.
He did my girl with a hug and turned to me, "I don't do handshakes" he said boy oh boy words my mind refuses to ever forget, he leaned forward and gave me hug with his hands on all the right spots of my upperback...he kept touching, I have to admit my body had not been touched the way he did and it felt so good. He complemented me on my silk shirt I had on and said he loved the feeling of it and joked about how he could touch me or it all night, Yes...something in my heart said "girl you gotta wear his t-shirt and look damn sexy in it, love him good and give it all you got" ...but soon as he was done he went inside the club. We all later got inside,I left my girl and got us our drinks, she had a boyfriend cocktail and I had sex on the floor cocktail, my eyes searched for this guy with the perfect ass and cute face as I watched people dancing around, but it was like he vanished and my curious mind wanted to know more about this straight forward guy with the sexy behind. Into our second round my guyfriend called "sexy ass" over who asked us what we drinking offering to get  the next round for us, my girl gave her cocktail's name now it was my turn and like always playing it cool I said " I'm having sex on the floor", funny guy asked "On this floor?" ...we both laughed and I coudn't take my eyes off him even when he walked away without showing I secretly followed his every move till he handed us our drinks.
Somehow it started with a peck on his cheek I was ready for whatever may happen between us that night, I missed that sensation he gave off that feeling of unexplainable emotions and hyped hormones...but not making that fisrt move or did I already?