
Ashlyn's P.O.V.
I sit in the back of the class where no one could see me. I have zero friends. People say I'm weird but I take that as a compliment. There's something I've been hiding. I've havnt even told my parents because I'm afraid they're going to think I'm weird. There is actually a boy I'm crushing on. His name is Niall Horan. He's extremely cute and popular. But he's never going to like me ever. He has a little band named The Hot Ones. He has really jerky friends. They are Harry Styles, Liam Payne, Louis Tomsin, Zayn Malik. The nice one our of all of them is Niall and Liam.
I dropped my physics chemistry book on Harry's foot.
"Ouch you uptight bitch" he screamed. "Oh my goodness I'm so soorr-y" I stuttered. "It's alright love. We all know you didn't mean to" Niall said. "Thank you" I smiled. "Anytime gorgeous" he smiled back.
Did Niall Horan just call me love and gorgeous? It's like a dream come true for me. Who knows? Maybe I'll find a friend today? Nah! I laughed at my friend comment and headed to Algebra Class. My favorite class of them all. Niall is in advanced Algebra with me but not in regular.
"We meet again" Niall said to me walking past. "So we do" I said to lighten the mood. "A guy like you should not be talking to a girl like me" I said. "Don't trash talk yourself! What do you mean by that?" He asked. "Well you're so sweet and punky and I'm ehh" I said. "You think I'm sweet?" He asked. "Yes" I blushed. "Well I think you're adorable" he smiled. I chuckled. "Did I go to far?" He asked. "No Niall. It's just no one has ever cared for me this way" I said. "Not even your parents?" He asked. I frowned. "My parents died in the war" I said. "Oh I'm so sorry" he said. "It's fine" I said. "So what are you doing here talking to me? Don't you have a girlfriend?" I asked. "We are taking a break" he said. "Oh wow" I said.
When we were done talking in Algebra if was lunch. Niall had invited me to sit by him, but I possibly wouldn't fit in. I'm starting to wonder if Niall was just trying to be nice to me. Maybe he doesn't really like me or think I'm totally adorable. But I'll take the chance to actually talk to someone.