
Gail's POV
"Uuuuhhhhh!" I moaned as I shuffled in my bed. Day 3 of school, nothin new. Just twats and sluts, well besides my best friends. My school like many others was very cliquey. The populars, the potheads, the snobs, and the nerds. I was definitely a nerd. I'm just a girl with two friends who loves video games, anime, movies, and music. My friends Dan and Phil had the same interests.
I quickly snapped out of my weird coma and realized I'd be late for school if I didn't get ready soon. I jolted up and looked at my closet. I pulled out a black and white mayday parade T-shirt with black skinny jeans. I pulled on some white socks, and grabbed a black and white sweatshirt as well as grabbing my bag witch was with the theme of black. I looked at my schedule and realized that I had science, and maths in the morning. I loved science but hates maths.
I quickly ran into my bathroom and plugged in the straightener. I combed my indigo coloured hair and fringe that covered my left eye. As the straightener heated up I put on my black, thick-rimmed glasses. I grabbed the straightener and straightened my bangs a bit, because my hair was a bit wavy. The fringe covered my eyes but because of my glasses they rested on top of them.
I dashed down the stairs and popped a piece of toast in the toaster. "Hurry up sweety!" My mom called from the living room. "Mmphhh" I responded, with toast in my mouth, and jam around my lips. I licked of the jam and laughed my way to the door ignoring my little brother who was eleven and making fart jokes. I pulled on my black converse, grabbed my backpack and headed out the door.
I walked two houses over, and knocked on the door. "Hurry up Phil." I mumbled to my self. All of a sudden the door I was leaning on opened onwards and I fell face first into Phil. He started to laugh his head of even though he was just as clumsy as I was.
"Shut up!" I groaned as I punched him repeatedly in the arm. "Ow! Ah! I'm sorry!" He said with a small smile. I laughed at his embarrassment. "Where's Dan?" I asked Phil. "Doing his fringe what else?" We collectively laughed at Dan. "What are you too on about?" Dan asked.
He was wearing a black My Chemical Romance T-shirt as well as black skinny jeans. Phil was in a green and blue shirt with black skinnies.
"Oh nothing sir Daniel of fringe-wood." Phil and I started to laugh. "Oh shut up you twats." Dan smiled at us. "Hurry up or we'll be late." I said exhaustedly. " Nobody's slower than the Lester brothers." I giggled. They both punched me in the arm. "OW!" I exclaimed. We started on our way to school.
Dan and Phil were a year older,16, and in 11th grade. I had most of my classes with them because I was in all the advanced classes, well except maths. Phil would tutor me sometimes, but I still kinda sucked. The only other difference was that I took vocals and they took art.
I was not looking forward to science with Ms. Capstick. We always called her Chapstick. "You think Chapstick will check our homework?" I asked. "What do u care your a frikin genius." Dan joked. "Ya." said Phil. "You should see Dan's mark." he nudged Dan. "Shut up." he replied still smiling. The rest of the way we talked about howls moving castle. Yah that's it.