
Ugh, the way he licks his lips, makes me want to jump him!
No!
Control yourself Ember!
We both were laying down on my bed, watching a scary movie.
I was laying down on his chest, and his hand was underneath my head.
Our legs were touching, and that was enough to drive me insane.
His other hand lay on hia stomache, and he was watching teh movie peacefully.
The girl in the movie screamed, and I took advantage of that part.
I jumped and moved closer to him.
He looked down at me, and laughed.
"Since when are you scared of Horror Movies?" He asks, and then goes back to watching the movie.
Now one of his legs are between mine, and my pussy is dripping wet.
Ugh, me and my dirty head!
I move closer, until my pussy is touching his leg.
Oh Gosh!
He has a girlfriend Ember!
I know, but this chance is never going to come again.
You're going to ruin your friendship.
Ugh! Get out of my head!
I start moving up and down on his leg, and F*** does that feel good.
At first i try to hide it, but then i get more aggressive.
Ugh,F*** i want more.
I start to go faster, and i relize his chest is moving up and down.
I look up, and he's already looking at my with lust full eyes.
"F*** Ember what are you doing?" He asks, and i move away, only to get on top of him.
I sit on top of his dick, and look into his eyes.
"Ember you know i already have a girlfriend." He mutters, throwing his head back a bit.
"I don't care. I want you." I say seductively.
I take off my T-Shirt, and lean down so he has a gpod view of my chest.
He dosen't move his eyes away, and keeps staring.
I move down a bit, and bring my hands to his dick.
I look up at him, he has his eyes closed, and he's breathing hard.
I start to stroke him.
Lightly and gently, just teasing him.
I want him to tell me he wants me, that he wants more.
"Ah! F***Ember!" He groans, and throws his head back in plesure.
I gain more confidence, and start to ride his dick over his pants.
I move up and down, slowly,carefull not to give him all the plesure he wants.
He groans again, and starts moving his hips.
"AH! F***! You're so hard Login!" I yell, and pick up the speed a bit.