
I'm a freshman in high school and my name is Americas Miller. I have wavy brown hair that I almost always keep in a ponytail, with brown eyes. I'm really tall and really skinny and I'm on the track team. I make and have so many friends I can't keep count. Pretty awesome and good.
I was running through the halls late for my very first class of the day. I was hoping the teachers wouldn't mind because I am a strait A student. I wasn't paying attention to where I was going and ran into a boy, which made me fly across the room because I'm just that lightweight.
"Oh no, I'm so sorry!" A hand reached out in front of me.
I grabbed it gently and he pulled me to my feet. It was the first time I've ever seen him before. His wavy shoulder length hair with cunning blue eyes made my breath hitch. He was so gorgeous my mouth was just open with shock. I tried to say sorry that I ran into him, but words wouldn't come out of my mouth.
"What's wrong?" He looked deep into my eyes.
I gulped.
"Y-yeah," I muttered,"sorry."
"Hey, do you know where Mrs. Gregory's class is?" He smiled.
I couldn't breath anymore. His smile made me want to melt.
"That's my class," I barely said.
"Cool, so you can take me there," he continued to hold my hand.
"Can I know your name first?" I sighed involuntarily.
"Ashton Laramore," even his name sounded gorgeous.
"I-I-I'm Americas Miller," I stuttered, blushing.
"That's a pretty name," Ashton complimented.
"Uh, we better go, because we are really late for class," I pulled him towards he classroom.
We walked in and everyone stared at us. I tried to pull my hand away from his but he just continued to hang onto it. The teacher glared at me and told me to take my seat. I watched as the teacher and him exchanged some words and she introduced him to the class.
"Everyone, this is Ashton Laramore, does anyone want to add him to your reading group?" Mrs. Gregory asked politely.
"We will," my group partner, Emily Grant yelled.
Emily grant had long pink hair. She had bright blue eyes and always wore bright red lipstick to make them look away from her conservative clothes. She was always really sweet and kind. And she just happens to be my best friend.
"No, Em, why?" I whisper growled.
"He's hot, Mary," she stuck her tongue out.
I sighed and rolled my eyes.
"Great you can join Emily and Americas's group," the teacher smiled.
He walked over and plopped down right next to me. I felt my face heat up. I just now noticed that he wore a strong body spray that smelled like the ocean.
It smelled so good.
----------------
After class Em and I were talking and Aston came up to us.
"That was boring," he leaned up against a locker,"What do guys have next?"
"Science," I said.
"Math," Em sang.
"Cool, then I'll head with you Americas," his stunning blue eyes landed on me.
"O-okay," I couldn't help but smile.