
"The devil is real, and he's not some little red man with horns and a tail. He can be beautiful because he's a fallen angel, and he used to be God's favorite." ~ Even Peters as Tate Langdon in AHS
November 14, 2013
The snow is falling already. It's quite beautiful to watch the small wisps as they flutter down in groups. The more I watch, the more I realize how similar it is to what I see every other day. It's like how everyone else is split into their own groups based on how they talk, act, and walk. Of course, some of these matches do good. Some change the world. Others watch as it rots from their own hands. Why? Why do some live to put others down? Live to make others beg for mercy? Make others want to die? I guess in a way we're all selfish. Even the victims who won't do something about their treatment. And what for? I think we all know. It's the attention you receive. When you put someone else down you get attention. When you're put down you receive attention too. It has gotten to where we don't care whether the attention is good or bad. Everyone still yearns for it. Once given a little, people become greedy. Want more of it, want to be showered with praise, pity, or even hate. Whatever makes them notice you works. We all function like robots. Whatever we learn, we use for as long as we live. It's the same with every single choice someone we love makes. We want to follow their example. Almost like we want to be them. Aren't you tired of it? The way we want to be somebody else? It's irritating, completely annoying that when some people can't achieve greatness equivalent to who they want to be like, they become depressed and suicidal. They develop their own bubble because they can't be accepted by such a stupid society.    I guess in a way it's pleasurable for them. The extra amount of love they receive just for having a problem. Even though it's a problem that can be fixed with a few simple thoughts and a small amount of help. But again, it's the attention they crave. Not the pain. Never the pain. Just the attention will do. It's amazing what idiots now would do to receive just a bit of sympathy. It leaves me in awe to see what people would do for such sinful things. Even the extra boost ruins everything. With one decision, your life could be done for, and no one would even blink an eye at your corpse as it lay motionless. I continue to watch the snow flakes, knowing that they will melt soon. Will we all melt soon, too?                                      ♡ Eloise Fay♡   I set my pen down, contemplating what my future might hold not long from now. Will feeling ever return or will I continue to waste away under everyone's gaze? Will I be able to help them learn what all of this truly means or will I be kicked into the dirt over and over again. As I watch the sun begin to fall outside and the stars begin to peak out from the clouds, I cherish how pure the snow is, hoping that not one flake ever has to know how truly wicked our world really is.   I pull on a pair of 1 dollar Christmas pajamas I've had since last year,and I crawl in bed, thanking the sun for setting and the moon for shining. Dreading that once morning comes, my day will start again. The difference being new faces, new clothes, and new crimes. Yet, somehow it's all the same.
♡~♡~♡~♡~♡~♡Hi, I'm Alexa, and I hoped you liked the epilogue of my new story "Walking on the Frozen Flowers". I literally just got out of writers block and decided to make a new story since I had the creative juices flowing. This is more of a dramatic story. Probably the most dramatic that I've ever done, but I hope to continue, but bye for now all you lovely people reading this :)