
Have you ever felt like shit? Like no one wants something to do with you? That even your "friends" don't want to talk to you? That people change you every single time you are way too attached to them? Have you ever felt that? That you are alone? That you can't even fake a smile? That you just want everything to end? That you just wish you were not alive? That you don't know what to do? That the only thing you are able to do is to cry? Even if it's in front of the people that think you are fine?
Because, That's exactly how I feel.
I don't know what goes through the mind of people that want the other to feel bad. Like "Oh yeah, why don't we criticize that boy/girl? I don't think it would matter so, what do we lose?". Like, really? I know some people do that because of low self-esteem. But I mean, why they do the same to other people? I don't think they don't have a brain to think about the consequences. It can go from making someone feel bad, to even commit suicide.
Let me tell you 7 reasons why people hate themselves
-They think their weight is more important than personality-They think they are alone because of no one helping them-They regret so many things-They think they are not good enough-They think they only disturb in this world-They think they are "fragile", not strong enough -They simply hate themselves
Sometimes it doesn't need a reason. People aren't just "bad". We like to take everything to the extremes. We can't just feel "bad", we feel the need to get to depression. We say we don't like being like that, but unconsciously, we do. Because we don't get satisfied that easily, and we need more of whatever.
When people feel alone, it isn't necessary to be literally alone. This kind of people can have thousands of persons around, but still feel like that. We need someone who understands. Not just a random person that it's only with you to say he or she has a lot of friends. Also, there are people who understands, but at the time you feel like shit, they aren't there for you.
My story, it's about someone who understands me. That was always there for me. Even when I was treating her bad because of my mood at the moment. She never left.
Until now.
The first days I talked to her, she was just a random person. The days passed by, and suddenly I became really attached to her. She was my everything. But these days, she is like avoiding me? I don't even know. She lasts so much time to answer me. She has changed me for another one that is also in my classroom. She is now her everything. Like, a few months ago you asked her: Someone really important to you? And she replied saying my name. But now, if you do to her the same question, she will reply with this other girl's name. And you know, it hurts like hell. I swear the only thing I know to do is to cry. It's hard to even fake a smile. I feel like I'm not worth anything. That I should be like these other girls she prefers now. I feel like a disaster.
I feel alone.
And that's why....
I hate myself.