
He's clutching the bed sheet, and he's breathing so hard.
F*** that's turning me on even more.
"Ember!" He groans.
Yes! I want him to yell my name just like that.
I lean down and kiss his lips.
He refuses at first, but i pull his hair up a bit, and he winces in pain.
I don't want him to refuse me.
I lean down and kiss him again.
I lick his bottom lip again and again asking him to let me enter his mouth but he refuses.
I move my hand down to his dick, and sqweeze it.
He gasps, and opens his mouth.
I stick my tounge in, and deepen the kiss.
His lips are so soft, softer then i ever imagined.
Our tounges intertwine, and when i move back a line of saliva connects our lips.
I kiss the corner of his lips, and he sighs.
I take off his shirt, and throw it on the ground.
I stare at his bare chest.
It's perfect.
He's muscular, but not the big bulky type. He's lean, and has a cute little 6 pack.
I run my fingers across his chest, and then i lean down and plant wet kisses all over his collarbone.
"Mmm." He moans.
I guess i found his sweet spot.
I kiss his behind his ear, and run my fingers throw his blonde soft hair.
I make him sit up, and put my legs around his waist.
I unhook my bra, and throw it on the ground.
His big light blue eyes, are so dark they look like dark blue.
He stares at my chest, and doesn't bother to hide that he's amused.
I kiss the side of his neck, and our chest make contact.
"Oh! F***!" He says, and falls back.
I pull down his pants, and he kicks the rest off.
"Want me to pull these bad boys down?" I ask, whispering in his ear.
"Yes..." he mutters.
"I didn't hear you." I say and bite his ear lobe.
"F*** YES! Pull them down Ember!" He yells.
I pull them off, and stare at his throbbing dick.
He's a pretty good size, probably a 9 something.
"Ah! SH**! You're so damn big!" I whisper.
I move down, and spread open his legs.
I tease him first, making circles near his dick.
And moving my fingers up and down on both sides of his dick.
I look down, and see pre cum.
"Oh." Was all i could say.