
Love.
The one thing I was a definite non believer in.
Like what idiot believed in the complete bullshit topic of love. How could anyone possibly believe that something so figurative could be so strong.
Because let me tell you I for one wasn't so easily fooled. Partially because I had never seen proof of this so called "love" shit.
Everyone my whole life raved about how special it was and made it sound so life changing. Yet no one could see that it clearly didn't exist and that it was all a delusional concept.
And yeah I know what anyone with a brain would be thinking, what made me think that I knew all there was to know about this whole love thing.
Well to be completely honest moving at all, it was my own personal opinion and everyone had the right their own opinion.
Which kind of seemed like a funny thing for someone named Sugar, and yeah I wasn't kidding either.
My parents on the date of September 11th 1996 decided that their precious little girl should be named Sugar.
Sugar Kalani Reed, boy wasn't that just creative.
I had a very love/hate relationship with my name up until present day.
As it made it easier to not be one of the six Alexander's or Hannah's in a room and it was never once spelled wrong. Yet there was a countless amount of jokes to be made which got annoying and often repetitive.
But still being named Sugar are with this unwritten document that said I had to be this airheaded bubbly nitwit who believed in sugar and spice and everything nice.
Which I was nearly the complete opposite of. But that didn't mean I was some introverted weirdo who everyone stayed clear of in high school.
I had been sociable with a good amount of true friends and well off both academically and extracurricularly. Yet I had always been a realist, while other girls were chasing after boys and the idea of being loved I chose to steer clear of that drama and focus on me.
Which I had successfully done as I had worked my way up to the top ten percent of my class, while also maintaining a consistent spot in holding the lead for all the shows our school did.
Yeah I was a drama geek, sue me for it I couldn't care less. Other girls fawned over even the thought of kissing drama clubs golden boy Jack Kossik, meanwhile I didn't flinch as I had to do it for the umpteenth time.
The idea of love had never even been in the cards for me, nor did I want it to be as it was more hassle then it's worth.
I was perfectly content at the age of nineteen being single and living the typical life of college student.
I lived in a tiny room the size of a large coat closet while majoring in a field that 99.9% of the time can't guarantee you job, all while keeping a pretty active social life.
And I absolutely loved my simple college life. I only went to class twice a week for three hours each.
And in three years time I would have a legitimate degree not a marriage license and bun in the oven like some.
So ask me if I gave a shred of care about love and I would probably laugh and call you stupid. But that's just who I was, I fully respected anyone else's views. This was just who I was and what I believed.
Don't get me wrong I was happy for people who believed in the concept of love and fully embraced it. However I did enjoy when someone had the same views as me on the subject.