
Zoe's povI had been broken up with before but never like this. How could I have been so stupid? How did I not know? I had to walk in on them having sex in our bed before he finally admitted it. Not only that but he told me he didn't love me any more. That was what crushed me the most.
I parked my car by the beach. The sea was wild and the clouds were stormy. I sat at the steering wheel staring at the waves as they crashed into each other. I looked over at the passenger seat. His scarf lay limply on the chair. I picked it up and breathed in the musky smell of his aftershave. Tears raced down my cheeks and fell onto the scarf. I started sobbing and sniffling like a baby. I threw the scarf down and got out of the car into the bitter seaside wind. The sky began to cry with me. Grey raindrops fell from the sky and landed all around me. My tears became black as my makeup ran from my eyes. I walked along the pebbles, barely able to see because of the huge amount of tears coating my eyes. I was crying loudly but no one was there to hear me. As I walked further along the beach I recalled all the times we had been here together. The first time we kissed. The first time he said he loved my and I said I loved him back... Each memory ripped a hole through my heart. The pain got too much. I collapsed onto the cold wet stones and sobbed.
Alfie's povIt was a freezing night but I wanted to go to the beach to clear my head. I sat on the wall staring into the icy grey ocean. It started to rain so I decided to go for a quick walk across the beach before I left. My shoes crunched through the pebbley sand. I walked down to where the waves meet the sand and stood staring into the dark horizon. Behind me I heard someone else scrunching across the beach. I turned to go. I saw a small figure of a girl walking along the the beach. I could hear crying and it could only be her because no one else was around. Her crying suddenly got louder and she stopped in her tracks. She fell to her hands and knees with a loud crash of pebbles underneath her. I rushed over, concerned she was hurt."Hey are you alright?" I said as I crouched down next to her."I'm fine. It's okay you get home it's freezing out here." She said between sobs."No honestly I like this weather. Let me help you up." I said offering her my hand. She reached out and took it. Her hands were tiny, delicate and very cold and shaky.
Zoe's povThe stranger gently helped me to my feet. "I must look a right state." I said swallowing back my tears."Just a bit." He chuckled.A silence fell between us. I looked up into his eyes and smiled, despite feeling like my world was ending. His eyes were dark, chocolate brown but they somehow shone in the darkness. He smiled back- a gorgeous, warming smile. My heart skipped a beat. "You should be getting home. You're shaking like mad." He said."I don't really have a home anymore." I said knowing that he would be at our flat. "Oh god. What do you mean not anymore? Were you evicted or something?" He asked looking concerned."Not exactly." I said wiping black makeup from under my eyes."What happened?" He asked tilting his head to one size, showing off his sexy jawline."You don't have to tell me if you don't want to. I know it's none of my business." He said looking down at the floor."No no it's okay. I caught my boyfriend in bed with another girl." I said as more tears fell."That's awful. He must be crazy to cheat on a girl like you." He said blushing slightly.I smiled but inside I was falling apart."But do you know what the worst thing is? It's that he said right to my face in front of this other girl that he didn't love me." I started to sob again. My face crumpled."Hey, hey now." He said gently rubbing my arm."Let's get out of the rain and sort you out." He said. We trudged back to the car park and sheltered under a bus stop."Here." he said handing me a tissue.I wiped my eyes and then looked back up into his deep eyes."Thanks um... uh.""Alfie." He said flashing that gorgeous smile again."Thanks Alfie." I said smiling back."No problem um...""Zoe." I said giggling a little."No problem Zoe. Hey um I hope I see you around soon. This sadness won't last forever you know." He said it like he understood.He turned and walked off into the dark distance but before he got completely out of sight he turned and smiled again. "Cheer up buttercup." He said softly.