
I woke up to the sound of yelling downstairs. I figured it's probably my mom and her boyfriend, they're starting to fight a lot. I wanted to go down and make sure everything was okay though. I slipped a pair of sweat pants on and walked very quietly down the hall. We lived in a one story house my mom could barely afford. The sound of my foot steps were muffled by the dirty cream carpet. The yelling got louder, I saw three shadows. "You said you'd have it!" A man yelled. "I said I thought I would, it's been busy! I have a child you know!" My mom yelled. It sounded like she'd been crying.      "You said you would have it! Now give me the f**king drugs!" The man yelled again. Drugs?? The world froze as that word entered my mind. I could never imagine my mom doing drugs. Did she care about me at all? Why would she do this? I saw someone's shadow move, I instinctively moved back incase he was coming for me. Instead, he went up, I saw a blade in his hand. "Please no..." I heard my mom say, pleading. "Gimme the damn drugs or you're dead!" The man yelled. Why isn't Jack doing anything? I wondered. Jack was Mom's boyfriend, he was supposed to help her, if he wasn't there, who was the other shadow?     "Please no! I'll get them to you! I can't leave my daughter..." She pleaded. I could tell she was on the floor. Something crashed, "Dammit lady!" He pulled the knife over his head and was about to kill her, I couldn't let them do it. Before I knew what I was doing I run out from the corner and yelled "STOP!" I stood in front of my mother just as the blade went down. It hit my arm, leaving a big red gash. I took the moment to look around, my mom was cowering on the floor behind me midscream, and Jack was passed out on the couch. Just like that, the world returned."I'm going to get you little girl!" My eyes widened in shock and I ran to my room, before I could shut the door, the man got in. My mom was screaming, bangung at my locked door. I was in the corner crouched down.     The man started towards me amd the hilt of the blade. He crashes it down on my head.
I sat straight up in my bed, waking up from the dream. My breathing was ragged. I sat there for a while thinking about the memory. It was of the first time I found out my mom was a druggie. I was 8. I closed my eyes for a second as I laid back down. When my eyes landed on the clock I jumped out of bed, "Shit!" I said. It was 7:55. I had to be at school in 10 minutes. I grabbed a pair of high wasted denim shorts and a tight turquoise crop top. I ran to the bathroom across the hall, my mom's door was wide open, the room dark. She was sleeping on Jack's arm. I rolled my eyes and shut the bathroom door.      I got dressed, then put on my makeup. Light mascara, eye liner, brown eye shadow, blush, and a light pink lip gloss. I had to get an extra job at one of the nicest restaurants in town, well, an hour out of town. No one knows I work. I use half of my paycheck for me, a fourth for savings, and a fourth for my mom. I would give her more, but it's her fault we're in this situation.      I brush out my wavy hair. It was dark brown with natural golden brown highlights towards the frount. My hair was 6 inches below my shoulders, I don't like it short. I stand in front of the full length mirror in the bathroom. It has a big crack down the middle where Jack threw me into it when I was 10. I had seen him murder someone because they didn't pay him. I swore not to tell anyone or he would do the same to me.      A single tear made it's way down my check as I remembered all of those terrible years. I looked down at my scarred arms. On my right upper arm the scar from that man was still there. Some of the scars are from me, some are from Jack. My mom tries to stop him but she is too weak or high to do anything. My black eye I got last week has faded to a dull purple that's barely noticable.      I remember the time and run to my room. I grab a short black cardagin that covers ny arms, my vintage backpack, my dad's navy blue baseball cap, and put on black sandals. I take a look at the clock, 8:01. My eyes widen and I run into the kitchen. I write a quick note to my mom and Jack, Mom- Gone to school, stay safe. Love you. xx Jack- Don't hurt my mom or I kill you. Jump a cliff and get the hell out of our house.      So I don't exactly like Jack. I grab a granola bar and run out the door. I get my drivers license next year and I can't wait. I take off down the road, grateful school's only a mile away. I make it there just as the bell rang at 8:15.  I let out a sigh of relief and settle into a seat in homeroom next to my best friend Annabeth.