
I shrugged in a doesn't matter way that I always used when dad realised he had forgotten something, or confused something.
"Yes... Charlie... so how was school?"
"I didn't have school, remember? It's two weeks into the summer holidays."
Dad frowned again "Yes, of course... sorry..."
"Doesn't matter. How are you?"
"Cold. Could you close that window please, Miss Chive must have left it open earlier." dad said, gesturing to the window.
"No. I just opened it, you need some fresh air." I said strictly.
I hated this. Being the responsible one. I was the criminally inclined kid for heaven's sake! I wasn't meant to be the one taking care of him, telling him to get out of bed, get some fresh air in his room, put his dirty clothes in the laundry basket. This had used to be exactly the other way round. I really missed that.
"Right... Charlie! I just remembered! Your school report, what is this all about!?" dad suddenly demanded and I flinched.
This year's school report had been worse than most, and I had discussed this with him five times already, but he never remembered. The conversation never got easier for me though.
"Yeah, about that..."
"Five fights, Charlie? Five?"
I felt uncomfortable "Trust me, they were all perfectly justified. This bloke was kicking in a first year, and-"
"Why didn't you talk to him? Or get a teacher?"
"I did talk to him!" I lied.
I never talk when that kind of thing is happening. I just sort of barge in without thinking. Impulsive doesn't even begin to describe me. Thinking before acting is a concept that never really gripped me.
"And getting a teacher?" dad said sternly. Well, at least he was the one being stern again.
"There wasn't one anywhere near..."
"What's wrong with you, Charlie? You're not an aggressive boy!"
"I know, but he was really pounding the kid and-"
"You wanted to to be the hero."
I frowned "What? No! Someone had to stop him."
"And why did that someone have to be you?"
I could feel myself getting annoyed. I'd done nothing wrong!
"No one else was doing anything. You always told me to help people who couldn't help themselves!"
Dad shook his head sadly "You don't always have to be the hero, Charlie. What good did that do? You'd have saved yourself an enemy and a bad report if you just went to get a teacher!"
He was right, I knew he was. That didn't mean I wasn't annoyed.
It had been in the break, and I was strolling around the football pitch when I saw Brian Torkins punching a kid in the stomach. The kid had ridiculously spiky hair like a hedgehog, dyed a neon orange, which was all I could see of him because he was doubled over, but I recognised him as Petey Smith, a kleptomaniac from the first grade. He was nice, if a little sneaky. I'd immediately run over and punched Brian in the back of the head. The enormous hulk-like bully rounded on me instantly and I'd ended up with a bruise on my cheek and yes, a bad social report.