
She snatched them into her little hands, and immediately started shoving the sticky pink balls into her  mouth.
I didn't get her sweets as often as she would like, because if she got sweets as often as she would like, she would have no teeth by the time she was twenty.
Back when mum had been around she had never let either of us eat anything but health-food. She had been fitness obsessed and spent most days at the gym, which had been fine until we found out she was having an affair with her fitness instructor. The two of them ran off to Brazil when Mell was 2, and we hadn't seen her since. At first I missed her a lot, but  then I reckoned, if my mother didn't care enough to stay with me and my sister, then I was better off without one.
My dad missed her though. He often forgot that she had left, and I never had it in me to tell him what had happened.
When Mell had vanished again, I went and unpacked the rest of the shopping into the small cupboards and fridge in our tiny kitchen. The freezer in our fridge was broken, and I didn't have the money or skills to repair it. One of the lights on the inside was dead too, and the whole thing cut out at random intervals, so I tended to go shopping as often as possible, and buy very little, so less food was wasted if the fridge did die for a while.
When I was done unpacking I decided to pay my dad a visit, mustering a little strength before I pushed his bedroom door open.
The room smelt of stale air and old cologne, and everything was dark except the the orange square in the wall, where sunlight was trying to seep through the thick weaving of dad's hideous mustard curtains.
"Yuch, dad! You're meant to open the window at least once a day! It smells really bad in here."
"I don't like having the window open, it's cold outside!" dad barked from the bed in a darkened corner. He wasn't bed-bound. In fact he had been advised to move around more, and go out, but he preferred to stay in his room all day.
I ignored his objections and walked over to the window, tearing the curtains open and revealing a blizzard of swirling dust mites in the shaft of light that fell into the room.
"There." I stated "That's much better."
"No it's not, you always do that! Even when we were children you used to open the window all the time!"
I sighed. Dad often got me confused with his brother John. He'd been lost at sea when I was a little kid, before Mell was born. I remembered him vividly, I always used to say he was like Indiana Jones, because he'd been everywhere and had the best stories. He also wore kaki more than 90% of the time. Looking back I guessed most of his stories were really just stories. They always included dangerous shadow-monsters and people with magical powers. Before dad had been diagnosed he had told me the real versions, they weren't quite so cool, but still pretty awesome for a guy coming from our family.
I suppose I did look quite like John. My dad always said I had inherited the Laidlaw-looks more than he himself ever did. Pitch-black hair and eyes that were so dark-blue they were almost black, with a slightly round face and long legs. Dad had got his looks from his mother's side, light brown hair and extremely pale blue eyes, narrow shouldered and scrawny. Mell was my polar opposite, blonde hair and big brown eyes, just like our mother. To look at the three of us, the last thing you'd think would be "they must be related".
"I'm not John, I'm your son, Charlie, remember?" I said calmly.
My dad frowned for a second, then understanding dawned "Of course! Charlie! Sorry, you really reminded me of my brother for a second there."