
Chapter 1: Why You Should Never Lock Yourself In The Bathroom

Hi there. It's nice to meet you... though technically I'm not meeting you, so scratch that.
Seeing as you can't really introduce yourself to me, I guess I should start.
My name is Charlie Laidlaw. I'm 15 years old and a pupil at Catmeer's School for Abnormal Children. Yes, that is actually what it's called. But I guess I haven't even told you how I got there yet, so for all intents and purposes, I still go to St Francis' Boarding School for the Criminally Inclined. Because according to everyone, I'm a criminal. It's hard to explain.
I'm not, I just tend to have a string of criminal-like things happen around me. Back when I wasn't at Psycho-Kids School, I used be a perfectly normal student, who things just happened to blow up around. Again, hard to explain. Once I brought in fireworks to school, I was planning to take them home afterwards, but then they somehow went off in my bag, and almost killed three people in my class. That was the first time I got expelled.
Another time we took a trip to a weapon's museum. It was great, we even got to hold a rifle. Of course, I ended up almost shooting the tour-group leader. Honestly, no one had even known it was loaded! I just pulled the trigger without thinking.
Add both of those incidents to the time I actually did steal a car, and yeah, I got myself stuck in a criminal school. But the car thing sounds more dramatic than it was, I just drove it for ten minutes so I could get to the hospital quickly, my dad had been injured badly, and there were no taxis about. What's a bloke to do?
Being sent to St Francis' had been terribly embarrassing for me, Maddy Panes, a girl from my old school who I had never seen eye to eye with laughed so hard snot came out of her nose. At least my father wasn't disappointed, or at least, never for longer than a few minutes. That's about as long as his moments of lucidity last.
So, now to actually begin the story. I suppose the day everything kicked off and I started getting myself landed in mortal peril two times a week was actually my 15th birthday.
I'd been working all day at "Fun Dogz", the local fast food restaurant. I'd started off as a waiter, but my terrible coordination and chronic clumsiness had soon proven that my future did not lie in balancing breakable objects on trays. So now I just mopped the floors, and cleaned the toilets, never as often as they needed cleaning, but you wouldn't catch me complaining on that front.
When I pushed open the little flat door, my keys jingled and the hinges creaked, but that was the only sound in the place.
"Dad? Mell?" I called, but there was no answer. I wasn't expecting one from dad, but I still called his name, just because I never thought not to.
"Hello? Mell? Dad? Where are you?" I said, nudging the door shut with my foot, my hands full of brown-paper shopping bags full of half-price food, and stuff from the 99c shop.
I thought I knew how to coax my little sister out of her hiding place "I've brought sweets!"
Quick as a whip a tiny tangle-haired blond girl shot out into the hall and rounded on me.
"Where?" she demanded. So polite.
I grinned sneakily at her, knowing this would drive her mad "I never said they were for you."
Mell shot forwards and started stamping on my toes. Charming.
"Charlie! Give me the sweets!"
I laughed and dropped the bag of sweets lightly onto her head.