
You and Your Boyfriend Dave had a long School day and u both went home, you threw your bags on the floor and went upstairs
Your POV!
I went upstairs with dave walking right behind me, we both were kind of pissed of by school, i saw the door of my room and opened it, i sat down on the big couch in the middle and turned the TV on. Dave went to the Bathroom and took a shower, after he was finished he asked me
Dave : Do You wanna go out?
Y/N:   sure, where do u wanna go ?
Dave: Zac will have a party in a few
Y/N: oh well, what kind of party is it? What should i wear?
Dave: umm its a Pool Party so u should wear a Bikini and idk what you girls like to wear over a Bikini !!
Y/N: ok ok ok what color will your shirt have ?
Dave: I guess white, Why?
Y/N: Because i want my bikini to match your outfit.
Dave: Oh Come On !! :DD It doesn't have to be perfect, no one will see u, it'll be dark u know :D!
Y/N: i bet we will take a lot of pics !!
Dave: i bett we wont !! and now go and get ready !!
After dave told u to get ready u went upstairs again and got ready, a White Triangle Bikini which made ur dark skin look perfect and a white shorts over it with a light purple crop top. You ready ?? Dave screamed. Yeah !!!! im coming!!
***Skip the ride***
when we where there, the party just started and i saw Zac waiting on us,
You: Hiiii
Zac: Hiiiiii, You look pretty!!!
You: Thannnkkk youuuuu!!!
Dave: Umm.. HIi bro !! (Hand shake)
Zac: Whut upp ?!!
Dave: Nothing mu- (he got cut off by a voice)
someone: AYE Zac comeover !!
Zac: alright see ya both later!! -- IM COMING!!

why are we waiting? Lets go  Dave said and you both went in to the huge party room, the light was this neon light and everyone was painted in LED paint and your and Dave's Teeth's stared glowing.
do u want me to paint you?
uuuumm idk do u want to paint me ? u asked him
yup.

you both went to the stand with the LED Colors, you took off your shirt and he stared to paint softly lines on your arms, it actually looked really good at the end he painted your lips with the purple LED Color.
my turn !! you said exited he took of his shirt and u started to draw lines along his abs to make him look really hot, then u made a line tin the pink LED color along his light V muscle, after that u painted his lips blue.

he asked do u like to mix colors?
you said umm yes, after that u felt his soft lips touching yours, after that u lightly pushed him away and said we can't just make out in a crowd of people.. he knew that u never liked it when ur  not alone
well if u want, we can go in to a room and make out the whole night, i can get drunk you can drive us home and then you will throw me in the pool so i won't be that drunk anymore then i'll fall asleep and i'll have really hard headache after that and u will tell me that i shouldn't had drink alcohol because u never do and - he got cut off by you, you pulled him out of the crowd to the beach which was't far away from the party, you're all ready drunk aren't you ?