
My mind that morning one only set on one thing. I stopped downstairs before heading out to see my sister tying her apron tightly around her waist.
"You're leaving already?" she looked at me with that "nagging-mother-face" she has worn since our mother died.
"Yes. I want to be early," I opened the door slightly and let the summer air tickle my arm.
"Eat breakfast first."
"I'll drink a protein shake on the way," I argued as my body slowly slid out of the door like if I did it slowly enough she wouldn't notice.
"I don't think so. You're not leaving till-!" is all I heard her yell before I fled out into the bright outside.
"I'll be home by six!" I yelled loud enough to wake our pig, Fitz, and with a snort he bid a due to me as my heart swelled in my chest.
Today was finally the day. The day I walk in my father's footsteps.
Inside the building it was cold and uninviting, yet I managed to walk straight in with a determined face. I marched to the empty front desk and bit my lip.
I soon realized there was a bell to notify that there was someone there and I blushed at my stupidity.
Before my finger reached the button, a deep voice came from behind me.
"Tachibana?"
I turned in surprise to see a tall, busty woman dressed in traditional military wear.
"Yes.. Ma'am," I choked as I almost addressed her as 'sir'.
"You're early," she said frowning down at me. She was so large compared to me; having a exaggerated small stature. I always hoped I'd hit a growth spurt before I turned eighteen and joined the military, yet my body refused to grow taller than five feet. It was pathetic.
"Yes, Ma'am. I prefer to be early."
"Ah. I see. That's good. Let me show you to our training rooms, you will meet your sempai. He will be training and helping you for your first few months here," her lips curved slightly as she quickly turned and walked down the narrow gray hallway.
"Cross!" she yelled as I hurried to match her speed and look into the enormous gym like room. Cross? What a strange name.
"Sargent," A tall man walked from what seemed from no where and saluted us. I instantly could tell this man was not Japanese.
"This is Tachibana. She will be in your care from now on," she handed him a manila folder.
"Who her?" he wrinkled his nose at me. I frowned at him. What is he trying to say?
"Isn't she a bit young to be here?" he looked me up and down and I sighed in frustration.
"Tachibana is eighteen. The legal age to be here. Please treat her well; her father was with us for thirty years," she smiled at me. I felt a little better seeing someone respect me even as I am. I nodded a thank you.
"Ok, thank you Sargent," Cross bowed and  she placed her hand on my shoulder and left.
"Warm up. Treadmill for thirty then I'll measure you," he said looking at the wall instead of me.
"Um. Yes sir," I cringed at the thought of him training me for months.
The gymnasium was strangely empty I could hear every breath he let out. It was too quiet for my taste, but I will work hard. No matter what.
'Look at me now, daddy.'