
1989 it was my 5th birthday. And my dad came back with my present.
I was jumping around crazily as my daddy bought me a doll house that I have always been wanting. Well only for a year. "I love it!" I yelled grabbing my dad with a hug. "I knew you would like it." He smilt kissing my cheek. "Why isn't mommy here?" He went silent for a second. Looking at me blankly. "I told you Jade mommy is busy." I whimpered. "Doesn't she love me anymore?" He sat me on his lap. "You know who does love you? Me. I LOVE YOU TO PLUTO AND BACK! And no one can break our bond. Now I bought you some ither gifts why don't you open them." I ran to the ground ripping them all open with my tiny fingers. There were police officers at the door with these big helmet masks. "Jade go to your room now!" He yelled as the men smashed down the door. I screamed not moving. The men pushed him on to the floor handcuffing him. "NOOOOOOO DADDDDY! YOU SAID YOU LOVE ME!!!!" His face was suffocated to the floor. A woman in a red dress had her hands together with a smirk on her face. I got up pushing the men of my daddy. "I don't want that woman I want you daddy. Please don't go!" I cried hugging my last moments with him. The woman in red snatched me away from him. "You will find me Jade I know you will!" They took him. The lre was blood dragged across the floor. "Your daddy was a very bad man. He murdered alot of innocent people on a plane." She crouched down holding my shoulders. I slapped her. By accident....woops. She held her face and pulled a angry face. I ran to my room."Get back here Jade you little brat! I will lock you up too!!" I slammed my door huffing and puffing out of breath. I fell asleep on my bed. The door opened. The same figure of the woman in red and a woman who was in a white waistcoat. "Jade you wanna come with me?" I looked at her confused. "I wanna go to my daddy." I complained. She looked back at the wrinkly woman in red. And she nodded. "I am going to take you there sweetheart."
She put my seat belt on in the car. She closed the door. Her face smashed against the window of the door. Her body fell to the ground. The door opened with a shock. My heart was beating. "Come with me child."  The man in a jacket/cape/traditional hood. Took me out the car carrying me to his car. "I wanna go to daddy!" I cried out. "Those people are bad Jade. They were going to put you in a very bad place where they would of been mean to you. I am going to take care of you in behalf of your father okay?" I nodded scaredly. It was a long drive and I fell asleep. He carried me to a very big, nice, modern room. He placed me on the bed.
I woke up 3 hours later wondering around downstairs looking at the artifacts. "Child." I jamp. "I am sorry. I...I...." he smiled coming to me."This is your home now Jade. Come sit with me." I sat down next to him near the fire.I looked innocently at him. "Now you are too young too understand the big world. But your father did bad things and he was good too. People, bad people, and they put the blame on your father. And now police have took your daddy away for a long time. I need you to be strong okay? I am going to train you everyday to become strong and clever. We will start tomorrow. Now you can go into that room to play." I paused and hugged him. Walking into the room he pointed out I looked back at him, he looked away.