
@mitchgrassi- 23 juin

"myroommates keep accosting me about the unusual number of
packagesI have delivered to the house. but I just ordered another "


"Scott? Babe, did you buy something ?" said Alex, taking a package inhis hands before shaking it.
Hisboyfriend made his way toward him, took the small box, and shook hishead negatively.
Scottwalked through the house's corridor and knocked at his best friend'sdoor.

"COMEIN" he heard Mitch screaming in his room.
Whenhe opened up the door, he found the brunette boy lying on his bed,his laptop on him.
Scottknew what was happening. Mitch was buying things online. Again.

"Mitch,please, tell me it's not what I'm thinking," the tall blondsaid, his eyes on the smaller boy, who simply smiled at him. Scottclosed his eyes a moment, and opened them again, before giving thelittle package to his friend. Mitch whispered a small "thankyou" and focused on his computer screen once more.

Itwas enough for the baritone. Instead of going out of the room, he satdown on the corner of his best friend's bed, and closed his laptop.Mitch's eyes widened as he looked at his roommate and friend. Beforethe brunette could say anything, Scott decided to speak.

"Mitch,I think we need to talk," he told him, very seriously. Mitchhugged a pillow as he knew what was going to happen. Scott would tellhim he can't buy things all the time, that it's not healthy and thathe's wasting money, that he would not let him do it anymore. Scottwould yell at him.
Mitchwas already feeling bad, why somebody would care ? It was his laptop,his money, his clothes, his life. He could do whatever he wanted. Butno, he was going to be yelled at like a child.

WhenScott saw his friend's behavior, he quickly went from angry to sad.
"Mitchie,you know what I'm going to tell you. You can't do this anymore. Youneed help."
Yes,he had done research and found out that the brunette was actually acompulsive buyer.
Hecouldn't stop himself to buy things. It was an addiction. He wasn'this fault, he was an addict.

"Listen,you might know this already, but, you're a compulsive buyer,"Scott's words were calm, unlike Mitch. The small tenor didn't knowwhat to say.
Theroom went quiet for a while before Scott continued his speech.

"Mitch,we can do something, you know. Yes, you're a compulsive buyer. Ashopping addict. But you can get over it. We can get over it.Together. You could go see a psychologist, and could even go with youif you need me. But you need to stop that." During all hisfriend's speech, Mitch looked at him with big and teary eyes. Butsuddenly, he stood up and threw at his best friend the pillow he washugging.

"NO! I'M NOT SICK. I'M NOTHING LIKE THOSE SHOPPING FREAKS ! I DON'T NEEDTO SEE ANY SHRINK !" the small man said, angrily, "I justreally like buying new things," he added, his voice quieter thistime.