
On the inside I groaned. Loudly.
"I was just going to take a shower."
"You can do that afterwards. Get out. Now."
I was about to do what she said. I really was. But then my head suddenly exploded with pain. It felt like someone was driving a white-hot railway spike through my brain. I think I might have yelped, but I'm not sure, I was quite distracted at the time.
"Charlie?!" she called again, but by this point I was doubled over with my hands on the sink, trying not to scream. It was terrible, the kind of pain that continues without any kind of release. My feet were stamping and jumping and trying to pace, just so I had something to do that wasn't think about the pain.
"Charlie, open this door this instant or I'll kick it down!" Miss Chive said, worry creeping into her voice ever so slightly. Under other circumstances I would have been touched by her concern, as it was I barely registered the words, let alone what they meant.
The pain was getting worse, like all the headaches I'd ever had at once, times twenty.
I was about to konk out. My brain was shutting down so it didn't have to cope. Then, as the pain reached a level I associated with medieval torture, it stopped, and all I could see was blue.
I felt like there was power, flowing along the floor beneath my feet and in the walls around me, all I needed to do was move my arms and I could control it. I turned my hand, just a fraction, then there was a deafening bang and the blue, rippling haze was gone, and I was standing in my bathroom, with water pouring from where the tap had been seconds before.
The door crashed open, Miss Chive standing in the frame. She had broken the lock with one strong kick. Dislike her as I might, that woman was hard as nails.
"What the hell have you done?!" she screeched, staring at the bubbling stream of water, and the tap lying in the corner. My eyes followed hers, and I saw a smashed wall tile where the tap had hit.
"I didn't do anything! There must have been a build-up of water pressure or something..."
The water stopped bubbling, but the damage was done. There were dark, wet patches seeping into the carpet in the corridor outside, and to repair the bathroom would cost way more money than we had.
I hurried out of the bathroom, knowing that if I offered help she would hit me.
"And get those sweets off of your sister!" Miss Chive shouted after me.
I walked into the sitting room, confused and somehow angry. What was I meant to do now? It would take ages to get enough money to mend that!
Mell was sitting cross-legged on the sofa, her lips pursed as she sucked on a sweet.
I knew she must have heard the bang and was expecting her to ask what had just happened.
"Miss Chive wants to take my sweets." she said thoughtfully.
"Yeah? Well tell her she can't have them." I said heatedly.
Mell frowned at me, and I suddenly felt the slight rush of anger drain away. I flopped down on the sofa next to her.
Mell studied me for a while longer, then launched herself onto my stomach.
"Why are you in such a bad mood?l
I gasped in pain "I'm not! Get off... I need... to breathe!"