
I met him in a grocery shop.
It was a nice and sunny Saturday evening, and I was out doing the weekly errands. Walk in then walk out. Go with the flow. Do the usual routine. Sounds easy enough, right?
Well it wasn't.
"I was about to pick that up." I said instinctively after watching a hand snatch the last carton of Mellows Fresh Orange juice. While I normally wasn't one to talk to strangers, I still wasn't about to make due with Mellows Fresh Pomegranate juice just because some jackass decided it was his day to be decisive.
The jackass in question, a boy who you'd think was Hercules with the amount of myths circulating about him around town, lowered his gaze to the drink and then met my determined expression with steely green eyes. He was what you'd describe as movie star handsome. Out of your league. Out of the ballpark.
"My bad," He said, sounding utterly unapologetic as his dark brows furrowed. "Can't say I'm good at sharing."
"You don't have to be. How about you just give me the Orange juice, and you go home with that nice fuzzy feeling where you had the chance of being a dick, but weren't."
A slow smile appeared on his lips. It was contemplative, teasing. "You know orange juice is good for cleansing the soul? I really want that vitamin C."
I really want that vitamin C. It was a phrase with all the works of an inside joke.
Maybe one day I'd be walking down the aisle in my white gown, and he'd be at the end with his trademark stunning smile. The priest would start his monologue but we would be too indulged in ourselves to pay attention. 'I really want that vitamin C' he'd whisper, soft and slow and reminiscent of the first time we met.
But even my wallflower self knew that wasn't what he was about. If I was an outsider in this town, then he was an alien. Out of the ballpark. Something happened before I arrived, something which contributed to the rise and fall of the great Cameron Broker. He was an untouchable, a boy you stared at through the gaps in the bookshelf library but never spoke to. A mystery. An enigma.
"I'm sick, you know." He said matter-of-factly, giving me a curt nod as if to confirm the statement. "And not just in the head."
"And my mom has blood coming out of her nether regions, pretty boy. You want to fight a PMSing forty year old with a Taser?"
"God, no. But I can make due with her teenage daughter who apparently thinks I'm pretty." He winked at me. "And you're not so bad yourself."
"Charming."
"Glad you think so."
"I don't." I looked into my cart of groceries and picked up the pack of frozen chicken breasts I'd already dug out of the meat aisle.
My little brother pretty much lived on chicken noodle soup when he was sick, but it was usually the store brought stuff you only needed to add water too. This was the first time in a while I was buying real, fresh meat. The only time my family could afford it.
Brushing of the ice shavings, I handed it to him. "Chicken noodle soup is a much better alternative."
"Alright, as long as you're cooking."
"What?"
Cameron's eyes flickered up to meet mine, a smile playing on the edge of his lips. "That's how a date works, right? Don't tell me this is your first time asking someone out."
"I'm not-" I stopped. In my seventeen years of life if there was one thing that I'd learned, it was that boys like him didn't back down. Boys like him, with their perfect smiles and their perfect hair strolled through life with nothing but a pretty mouth to get them what they wanted.