
I felt sure there had been no teachers around. But what if there had? Did I really have some kind of hero-complex?
"Where's your mother, I haven't seen her all day." dad cut into my thoughts.
"She's uh... down at the gym. Said she'd be back in a minute."
Dad sighed "She spends half her life at that gym, I've told her I love her the way she is, but she's still convinced she could be more toned. I think that's what she calls it. Hope she doesn't wish I was more  "toned", eh Charlie?" dad said and winked, chuckling.
I couldn't bring myself to laugh back. This was just painful.
There was about a minute of silence where I didn't know what to say, and dad drifted into some daydream, then he suddenly eyed me suspiciously "Do I know you? What are you doing in my room? Get out!"
"I'm your son Charlie."
"No you're not! Get out right away! And you can tell my real son, if you see him, that he's never to let you in here again!" dad shouted, and I winced.
"Yes d- ...uhhh Mr Laidlaw."
I walked to the door, fighting back the crushing feeling of despair threatening to wash over me. There was something indescribably terrible about my dad not recognising me.
I wasn't going to dwell on it though.
I was just about to close the door gently behind me, when dad called again "Happy Birthday, Charlie. I'm afraid I don't have a present..."
I felt a wave of relief. Every time he forgot me I was terrified he would never recognise me again, but usually it only lasted a few seconds, a minute at the most.
"That's fine." I said.
"No it's not, your mother never let me forget!" he said.
"It's really fine." I said, and closed the door. At least this way I would be leaving it on a happy note.
Now that I had seen Mell and dad I didn't really have much to do other than avoid Miss Chive, so I locked myself in our bathroom.
She was dad's carer. Health insurance and my earnings couldn't stretch to anything more than one carer with not much training, and although I hated her and she hated me, I was glad she was there. I could never take care of Mell and dad on my own.
She was a small fat woman with greasy grey curls and a hideous plastic apron with flowers on. Her arms were amazingly thick, and she always carried a mop to hit me with.
As I didn't really have a responsible parent, she was the one who ended up attending any mandatory parent/teacher conferences, and she was also always the first one to read my report cards. Being described as "recklessly impulsive", "hyperactive", "antisocial" and "innatentive" along with all the fights I got into had not put me in her good books. Of course the teachers never bothered to mention that all the people I got into fights with deserved it, and when I tried to tell her this, she added "liar" to her own list of things she disapproved of about me.
Our bathroom was small and grimy with a tiny bath and a toilet that the white paint was peeling off of in crackling patches. The mirror over the sink was smudged and rust-coloured specks were spreading from the corners. My reflection had dark bags under his eyes, made worse by the poor over-head lighting.
I decided to have a shower, but I brushed my teeth first. I was just about to pull off my shirt when Miss Chive's voice pierced my eardrums like two very sharp needles.
"Charlie? Get out right now! I have to clean in there!"