
She moved onto her elbows and knees, the spiky little things sticking painfully into my chest and abdomen.
"Tell me!" she demanded, and I felt all the air leave my body.
"Mell... ow... pain... lungs... collapsing... ribs... breaking..." I managed, somewhere between gasping and groaning.
She rolled off me, long hair falling in her face.
"You sulk when you're angry. It's annoying. You never tell me why."
"I do not sulk!"
"Yes you do. You sulked when dad got sick."
I sighed "That wasn't sulking."
"Yes it was, you locked yourself in our room and wouldn't let me in for two hours." she said matter-of-factly.
I didn't really feel like telling my little sister I had been crying. She took the piss out of me enough as it was.
After a few seconds she figured out I wasn't going to answer, and crawled away on the floor, long blonde hair brushing the carpet.
I dug my earphones out of my pocket and plugged myself in. I flicked through my song list until I found my favourite David Bowie song, and settled back on the sofa, closing my eyes.
My thoughts ran wild for about a minute, trying to figure out what had just happened, but I had been working all day, and it didn't take me long to fall asleep, Life on Mars drowning out all other sound.
*
I woke up about two hours later with a krippling pain in my neck. I'd been sleeping at a strange angle, and I couldn't even move my head anymore.
I tried to sit up, and felt something small slide off my chest. My hand shot out with reflexes I didn't know I had, and I caught the thing before it hit the ground.
It was a little cupcake with a note stuck in with a toothpick. I pulled the note off and took a second to recognise Mell's illegible, scrawled handwriting, and another ten to decipher the actual message.
Happy Birthday! Miss Chive said I shouldn't wake you, and I forgot to give this to you earlier.
I smiled, and took an enormous bite out of the spongy cake. A few chews in I felt something spiky sticking in my throat.
I choked and pulled whatever it was out of my mouth. It was a small plastic unicorn. I should've seen that coming.
Mell was going through her unicorn-phase. A while ago I had bought her a few little figures and she scattered them around the flat, gathering them again every evening just to scatter them again the next day.
Clearly despite her birthday wishes she was still evil enough to try and kill me with a plastic pointy thing on her edible present.
I slipped the unicorn into my pocket, and ate the rest of the cupcake, wary of more small toys that could kill me.
Miss Chive would be at home at this point, and dad and Mell would be asleep, so all that was left to do was to flop into bed.
So that's just what I did, stealthily sneaking into our room so I didn't wake her.
She was curled up on her small bed in a stripy blue-and-white nighty. She was scowling in her sleep like she always did, and I was reminded that she had been through way too much for someone her age.
I felt somewhere between happy and miserable. Happy because it was my birthday, miserable because of everything else.