
So,to get things started..Hi! My name is Elle Hardy.I train in an acting academy in New York City.And I was just THAT kid that had alot of boy best friends.Well,technically because I dont really have any friends at all.My parents got divorced when I was 2 and my twin brother and I live with our mom.Now,my twin brother,Jacob Hardy has ALWAYS been a school flirt.Like,girls go mad for him the minute he walks into school.He acts in alot of school events because well,basically we go to the same school,we're twins.I am famous for my emotional skills in acting and my brother is famous for just being him..(so jealous)
Now,whats even more horrific? My best friend for life is my brother's current girlfriend! I mean like I swear if i could run away and change my surname to something else,that would be perfect.But,I wouldn't do that because she's my best friend,and I need to support her feelings because thats what she's done for me my entire life.
Tomorrow,one of my friends is throwing a pool party in his house and he invited me along just cause I'm his friend.So,he told me to bring along my brother,ofcourse I need to bring him,I cant just get out of the apartment by myself in peace and quiet and not bring my brother because everybody and I mean EVERYBODY likes him...so I'm forced to bring him! So,ofcourse I said OK...I mean I cant say no...its a friend's party and I am one of his good friends...
So,the next day in school,there's this new kid and his name is Lucas.Describing him is a bit difficult but I'll try and describe him in as much detail as possible.So to start,he has shocking blue eyes,blonde hair and gorgeous body! But trouble was,he was quite the nerd with glasses and braces..but he looked cute to me! So,I went up to him today to just have a little chat,so basically..it went like this:Me:"Hi! Your Lucas right? I'm Elle,your new classmate."Lucas:"Hi...yes I am Lucas...Elle huh? I like your name alot,and um by the way...what time does class start again?"Me:"Ohh...it starts at 1.00 P.M."Lucas:"I see....well thank you Elle"Me:"My pleasure.So hey! I was wondering if you wanted to come to a party a friend of mine is throwing tonight"Lucas:"Oh..yeah! Sure! I'll come...can I have your number to ask fot details of this place?"Me:"Oh yeah sure...here!"Lucas:"Thanks..."*class bell rings*Lucas:"So umm...see you in class?"Me:"Yeah! Sure byee!!"Lucas:"Bye"
I swear I felt my heart just beating faster and faster at the moment...he was just SOOOO CUTE! Hope to see him at the party later