
"Don't go to sleep...."
~I remember her sweet big brown eyes and how her hair swayed from side to side when ever she would walk. I remember how she would greet me at the door with open arms and a huge smile. I would run up to her, jump in her arms and be flowered with kisses all over. But all those good things, all the good memories and happiness would disappear at bedtime. She would kiss me on my forehead, whisper "Goodnight." in my ear and make her way out the room closing the door behind her. And that's when everything would change.~
BANG!
"I'M TIRED OF YOUR BULLSHIT MONICA!"
BANG!
"Babe please stop your hurting me and i didn't even do anything." She says while crying and holding her face.
"Who the fuck do you think your talking to? You know what you did." He says smashing her into the wall.
SMASH!
"Sh please. You're gonna wake the children"
"FUCK THEM CHILDREN AND FUCK YOU! Them kids aren't mine and you know it." She begins to tremble as blood leaked from her nose down to her chin.
"Bu- But i never cheated o-"
SMACK!
"DON'T FUCKING LIE YOU BITCH!"
I hated days likes these. My mother would tuck me in at night and go in her room to my father. My father would always be drunk sometimes he was a nice drunk and others he wasn't. He would beat my mother until he got tired and my mother wasn't able to defend herself because he was to strong. He gave her big bruises and left whip marks all over her body. My mother always told when i grow up not to let no man/boy put there hands on me and always to stand up for mysel-...
"Knock Knock"
I didn't know who it was and i didn't want to so i slid down in my bed and threw the covers over my head. I heard my door open and footsteps as they began to approach me. My heart started picking up speed as it raced in my chest when suddenly someone pulled my blanket off causing me to scream and jump up. The person quickly grabbed me and pulled me into a hug and cooed me telling me to be quiet. It was my 15 year old sister YN. I looked at her and saw the tears streaming down her cheeks. Her hair was messy and she had on pajamas it was obvious that she was hearing the same thing as me.
Me: YN what are we gonna do?
You: Jazmyn you know we can't do anything. *sniffs* Member what happen last time i got involved?
~With that sentence she lifted her shirt showing me a huge bruise on her side right above her hip bone. Our father did that to her last time she got involved.~
Me: *frowns* Oh yeah. Well let me go in there than.
You: Jazzy baby its not safe for you.
Me: Well call someone than.
You: The phone is in their ro-
BANG!
Me: *starts crying* YN I'm sacred.
You: *hugs her* Me too but mommy is gonna be okay. She promised that she would never leave us.
Me: *sniffs* Oh yea-
"Devonta!! WHAT ARE YOU DOING? PLEASE DON'T! *sobs* I LOVE YOU AND MY KIDS SO MUCH PLEASE DON-"