
Beccas pov
"you know when i knew I liked you was when I felt jealous when you did that hand thing at the ICCAs telling that girl to call you" all of a sudden Jesse busted out laughing and fell to the floor "stop its not funny" I said trying to hold back my laughter "oh but Becca it is. It went with the song babe it was nothing"  he said finelly claming down. I had to amit it was really stubid but I couldent help it.
"Come on were gonna be late" Jesse said standing up from our blankit that was layed out on the grass in front of the school "but Jesse" I wined not wanting to move "nope not giving in this time finals are coming soon and I am already behind" "fine" I say giving in. I stand up give him a peck on the lips tell him bye and head to class.
Sometimes he can get annoying with school but I guess I can deal with it. I step in to class two minutes late "glad you could join us"the teacher said. Back off old man I wanted to tell him but just smiled and went to my seat in the back of the class. This was going to be a long day.
THE END OF THE DAY
Here I was in my room watching The Breakfast Club yes he got me into movies. There was a knock at the door but didn't bother to move "come on in Jesse" I knew it was him because he always came over at this time. He pecked me on the lips then asked me to go to a party with him "Jess I don't know you remember what happend the last time I went to a party right"
Flassback
"what's up people I'm Becca and you all are very cool" I screamed into the microphone "I'm gonna dive into you and your gonna catch me because I have always wanted to do that so here I go" I said before jumping in to a hole lot of people
end of flashback
"oh come on I won't drink this time please" he begged with his puppy dog eyes "fine but only if we van leave at ten" "great get dressed were leaving soon" he said before walking out of the room. Sighing I went to my closet picking out a pair of black skinny jeans and white tank top with a black sweater and my Nikes. Walking to Jesses room I knock on his door to a smiling Benji "hi Benji" I say and he lets me in and waves. "Ready, lets bounce"  Jesse comes out of the bathroom. This is gonna be a interesting night.