
Hey making another fanfic here for the gallagher girl series, if you see any mistakes comment them and I'll correct it. Sorry if its bad I'm not an experienced writer, this is only my 2nd fanfic. This story is au some characters are ooc
Disclaimer ally carter owns all except for the plot

Prologue... well more like an intro
Cammie Morgan is an average 16 year old girl. She's average weight, height, just plain. Her dad was in the military and died when she was 8(sorry if the info's wrong) and her mom recently got remarried to Joe Solomon, her dad's best friend. Cammie was fine with it, joe was like her second dad but she always misses her dad. Her best friends are Bex, Liz and Macey. Bex is more tough and rules-optional while Liz is clumsy, and super smart. Macey is the boy genius and fashion expert not to mention the senators daughter. And they all go to the school Gallagher High.

Cammie's p.o.v


My alarm rang making me groan. Ugh school, reluctantly I get out of my bed. Sighing I go to my closet and picked out my clothes for the day, grey jeans, black shirt, black leather jacket and my combat boots. I took a quick shower and ran a comb through my long dishwater blonde hair. When I looked decent enough I went downstairs seeing my mother and step father making out. Gross I thought.
"Please wait until I'm at school." They pull away and I notice a hickey on my mothers neck.

She noticed what I was staring at and blushed. "Oh god I think I'm gonna be sick" My step dad Joe smiled. "Aren't you late for school." I glanced down at my watch. "Shit I'm late." Before I could get yelled at I ran out of the house towards my best friends Bex house. Bex and I drive to school together. Bex's real name is Rebecca but if you call her that you'll end up very confused in Australia.

I met Bex in kindergarten when I spilled my juice on her. She spit her cookies out at me, it wasn't a pretty sight. After that we became best friends immediately.

"Cammie" she said waving me over. I walked to her car. "Hey Bex, come on we're gonna be late". The whole ride was us listening to daughtry (a really good band you should listen to them) songs and singing off key.

"She talking to angels counting the stars making a wish on a passing car" Bex was already about to die laughing at my singing. The windows were rolled down and we were at a red light. Another car was right next to us but I didn't notice I kept singing.
"She's dancing with strangers she's falling apart waiting for superman to pick her up." I looked at Bex her laughing seemed forced. She gave me the stop-now-your-embarrassing-yourself look. I turned to my side and see the car next to us bursting in laughter. Inside were the 'popular kids' which included my crush since the 6th grade, Zachary Goode.

Tell me what you think should I continue? Any suggestions for what should happen next?