
Here is an interesting story, for now (suggests are acceptable) i'll be making stories off of ordinary cartoons (regular show, Steven universe, fairy odd-parents, etc.) and changing them into dramatic, romantic, etc. stories! This one is a yoai.
(They in anime version, look them up on google. it'll make more sense) ooh, and Squidward is around Spongebob's age range. Hope you enjoy!
A Spongebob Squarepant tale.
The sun raised gratefully this morning, me waking up to my annoying alarm clock. I dragged myself out of bed and went to the bathroom. I returned moments later and started to get dress for work. When I finally woke all the up, I feed Gary, grabbed my hat, ran out the door.
I got out in time to walk to work with Squidward, it was fun to walk with him, but I felt that he felt different, I wonder what was thinking?
Squidward's pov.
FUCK! I tried to get out early so he wouldn't see me. but the little fucker still got out here with me. what, does this mean he waits for me? I shivered in disgust at the thought. I look at him and he's staring at me. "what?" I asked him. "You seem in deep thought, and are you cold? you just shivered." he said. " no, Spongebob, I'm fine. lets just go to work." "Ok" he smiled. I sighed. soon we arrived to the Krusty Krab. lousy ass name.
Spongebob's pov.
Work went as usual, Squidward took orders, I served patties, and Mr. Krabs stayed isolated in his office smelling his money or hugging it or something only Neptune knows. When work was over, I put up my hat, and Patrick and me went over to Sandy's tree dome. I haven't seen her in awhile due to the increase of customers at work, Mr.Krabs had us working more. We arrived and went inside and, because of Sandy, she had invented a special formula that helps us hold moisture so we can go in her tree dome without glass helmet. "Hi, Sandy!" I said. " Oh, hi, guys! you're just in time to check out my newest invention! Here, behold the ( dramatic pause) NUT CRUSHER!!" I cringe at the name of it, so soon saw what it really was. It was a giant, complex machine that as half as big as her home. She started it and we later found it was use to crush... walnut shells? Sometimes I think she uses her amazing talent on the most ridiculous shit. but she is still awesome though, from her soft fur to her fluffy tail to her ... no, stop she a friend, a friend, a... Oh, who am I kidding! I like her, I like a lot. I've liked her a while now, I just hope its not obvious. soon she introduce a new more of her inventions, then me and Patrick walked home. Soon, I was home in my bed, reading myself asleep. I hope on day i'll be able to tell her how I feel. I thought as I drifted off to sleep.
I don't approve rude comments, if you truely didn't like this story, you wouldn't made all the way down here. to the people who do or don't like this, tell me some ways to improve instead of being mean. I would like suggestions for my next chapter.
I would like to dedicate this to BOYSAREKILLINGME. THANKS!!