
"Let's runaway then, no one will ever know. We can be together and no one will ever seperate us. Ever." George said as he closed the gap inbetween us.
"I would love to but-" I use my hand pushing at his chest.
George rolled his eyes as he cut me off with a kiss. He pushed me against the wall, kissing me harder. I moan silently. His arms that once rested on my waist slowly crawled down to my thighs.
I want him, all of him. I need him. I can't take it any longer. I can't be without him. I need him like he needs me.
His fingers slowly crawls deeper into my thighs, pushing the fabric aside as he pushes a finger inside before taking it out.
"Do you want stuff like this or not?" George pulled away.
That's the only thing George could think of to keep me with him. The only thing he thought of. I want him badly and how badly I want him I'll suffer for what's to come after that.
"Fine," I give in as he smirked giving me a passionate kiss.
**
Let's go a few days back, no months back. Before I met George and decided to be with him.
I lived a normal life without George. I stayed out of trouble and made pretty good grades. I was always the kid my family most loved until he destroyed it.
He broke everything that I loved the most. Was it all worth it? I was fine. I was fine without him. Perfectly fine. No need for trouble. He just needed to interrupt.
"Talking about trouble," Stacy rolled her eyes as Josh walked over to our table.
"The only trouble I see is you." He smiles before digging into his food. I slowly shake my head as I observe how he takes the food in.
"Hello Ms. Chanting," Josh smirked.
"Stop it Josh," I push his shoulder softly.
He smiles before going at his food again.
"You must be pretty hungry," I raise my eyebrow. "Looks like you haven't ate for days."
"My mother. She's left a few days ago." He takes a sip of the cartoon milk. Morning school food, school food in general makes me cringle. It's like jail food I've heard.
"I don't know how to cook,"
I manage to laugh as Stacy joins in as well.
"You should of came to mine, I have plenty of food I can cook for you with no problem." I smiled.
As much as Josh is suffering now, I cared so much for this boy. He's the closest guy friend I have. I would have had more but he's the only one that gets me as much as Stacy does. I need friends who understand how I feel and I'll accept them for who they are.
"Would you mind if I stayed there until my mum comes back?" He takes a bit of bread.
"If you stay up in my room and not touch anything, of course. My mum would love to have a company of a man."
"Right, a man." Stacy laughs. She automatically stops as soon as the 'bad boy' is in sight.
I stay still as he walks across our table and over to his group. Gangs.
No one really talks to the group of boys. They're too afraid and scared to get hurt. Everyone is, including myself, Josh and Stacy.
"So what were we talking-" I begin but Stacy shushes me.
"Hello there, um doodoo's." I recognise that voice. Doesn't it belong to... "I was wondering, miss, would you like to go on a date this evening with me?"