
I looked up to get a better view. I can't reject him. He's part of that gang. He'll probably destoy my face if I do so.
"Of course,"
"I'll give you the details later." He looks at Josh and Stacy. "Nice talking to you."
George, as in the George Shelley, walked over to our table to ask me out on a date. Who would have thought that?
"Did he just-" Stacy's eyes widen.
"Shh," I look over at Josh to make out his reaction. He just stared at me, blank faced, with no emotions whatsoever.
He kept eye contact with me but didn't say anything at all. He looked inbetween upset and disappointed. Maybe because I accepted George's offer?
I had no choice actually. I don't want to get killed by rejecting him.
Josh is like a big brother to me, he protects me from danger. He must be upset because I might get hurt on this little 'date'.
"We should get going, class is going to start soon. Want to be there early," Stacy speaked up after silence hit for a few minutes.
I drop eye contact and stood up. Not really caring if Josh stood as well or not. I love him to pieces but I think he needs a moment to get what just happened into his system.
"Let's go," I smile at Stacy.
I walk out of the cafeteria, knowing Josh is nowhere near us.
"Why'd you accept? Josh is probably disappointed in your decision Madeline," I open up my locker, grabbing my bag and closing it once again.
"Did you want to see my face be rearranged if I didn't accept?" Stacy just stayed silent as we walked to class. I sigh.
-
I exit my last class before heading to my locker. I open my bag, taking out my phone and throwing my bag inside as it once was in the morning.
I place my phone in my back pocket and head for the entrance.
The day went by slowly to be honest. Josh and I shared the most classes together unlike Stacy and I. Josh ignored me a bit. He didn't even want to talk to me.
I had to explain to Josh what I did and why I did it. He'll understand. He protects me but he's always there for me in every decision I make.
I take one glance and in an instant find him. He was talking to Stacy and by the looks at it, they were arguing. Something is going on.
I quickly walk over but bump into a hard body.
"Sorry," I mumble as I look to see who it was. George. "I'm so sorry, I wasn't look at where I was going. Sorry,"
"No, it's alright." He manages to say. He's never been nice to anyone, from what I've heard.
I smile as I start to walk off but I get pulled back.
"And where do you think you're going?" I look up once again, George.
"Home," I whisper, but loud enough for him to hear.
"I want to take you," George held on to my arm before letting go. "C'mon."
I stay quiet as I follow behind. I didn't even notice if his gang was present or not. They might have but they would have said something.
What about Josh? I need to talk to him and clear things up. George walks over to a black Audi, hopping in. I open the door and climb in, closing it softly.