
"Ok, now you check the bathrooms and get started right away on the first hallway," she told me. "I'll scan the last two hallways."
We broke apart from there and I rampaged into the washroom where I had been before. I knew no one would be in there, but I still looked around to double check. Like I had predicted, no one. I doubled around to the room next door, also known as my least favorite room, the so called, "Body Waste" room. No one actually went there to take care of business unless they were too young to go outside by themselves or it was at night, with the exception of this past week because nobody was allowed outside.
I held my breath and briefly scanned the area.
Like Sterling had told me to do, I started down the first hallway with the purple curtain. I believe this is where the "single residents" lived, just because the space was smaller. Usually, those single residents consisted of intelligent, able-bodied young adults and adults. The hallway was not as jam packed as the other two might be because most residents would've been out helping at the kitchen or gathered already at the meeting room helping out.
That was the issue that Dawn had called for. After the meeting in which she had announced that she'd spotted Eli, everyone was on high alert. No one was allowed outside and mothers of young children had to stick with them 24/7 to reduce loud crying. The elders were told to all stay in the spacious meeting room together. Children under 13 in the nursery. Everyone else was allowed to stay in their own barracks, but that was not the case for most of them. We've had people stay with the elders and children, protecting them and comforting them. Lots of them during the daytime helped out with the laundry or meals.
Most residents in this hallway were already at the meeting room. Kai and Skylar sure were fast. Still, there were a few left, gathering valuables and other miscellaneous items. I decided to sprint to the end of the hallway and wait until everyone had finished to start evacuating people.
There was silence now with everyone gone. I counted to three in my head and looked around rooms. This dead, eerie silence put me on end. I had my knife clasped in my hand tightly, as if something might jump out at me. But it was just my uneasiness that was the problem.
After about only five minutes, my job was done. I brushed aside the purple curtain and looked up at Sterling who was already waiting for me. Just like I had predicted when I first saw her in that building back in California, she really was quick.
"Ready?" she asked me in almost a whisper. I responded with a nod. She once again took the lead, running consistently through the dark tunnel. At first, this place had felt safe; hidden from the upper world. Now, as the threats of a murderous mob of people rang through the walls, I couldn't find purpose in any of it.
Suddenly, she came to an abrupt stop in front of me and I almost went barreling into her back.
"What'd you do that f-"
"Shh." Sterling put a finger to her lips. Then, she pointed down the tunnel.
"Hear that?"
At first, I couldn't hear anything but the echoey sounds of water dripping from stalactites. But as time passed and silence consumed me, I heard faint voices coming from the direction we were walking. Sterling took slight steps and I mimicked her. It felt as if the noises coming from my thumping heart were louder than my footsteps.
"On my count," I just barely heard Sterling explain.
"3. 2. 1-"
With weapon in hand, I leapt out alongside her, prepared to murder our intruders.
We stopped dead in our tracks at the high pitched, screaming voices of children. Immediately, we lowered our weapons.