
"What a feast, huh?" I joked.
Rebecka's lips pulled a little smile and she playfully shoved me. "Just eat it."
The food tasted better with some humour. I'd been so serious and down-to-earth lately, that it felt weird to smile. I had to admit, it felt pretty good. More laughter=more days of life, right? But what was the purpose? Just 24 more hours to get by. 24 more hours to savage supplies. To run.
I hadn't realized that my eyebrows were furrowing as I dipped a cracker into the can of tuna.
"Eden, what's wrong?"
I shook off her question by shaking my head. "I think I'll just take a walk. Get some air, ok?"
She still had a very concerned look on her face, but decided to let me go.
Getting up, I headed towards the back door. The hallway surrounded me with closed doors. I was just about to push open the door that led outside when I saw that one of the hotel room doors were open. Strange.
I peered inside. The way all of the items were scattered about hinted that the room had been left in a hurry.
I noticed a lab coat hanging on the hanger, and an open, leather case revealing files on the bed.
'January 7, 2145', the top of one of the papers read. Hmm. That was this January. Just 3 months ago. My eyes trailed down the paper.
It's stretched out all the way to California now. Mexico's been blocked off. For now, we'll keep Pyroflu kept away from the media. We'll let it take the west and we can supply a vaccine for the east. Then, an estimated amount of 10 billion dollars of recruits, supplies, and weapons can be saved. Please take this vaccine into consideration.
So there's been a disease going on? I dug out another file, this one containing symptoms of this "Pyroflu".
-Rashes-Itching-Nosebleed-Seizure-Coma-Hearing Loss-Vision Loss-Memory Loss-Death
After taking a look at the word, death, I decided to take the files back to Rebecka to read the rest.
I came rambling through the door and shut it behind me, tossing down the case in front of Rebecka.
"What's this?" she asked me, an eyebrow lifting in curiosity. With a swift movement of her hands, she opened up the latch. Her eyes widened, as well as her mouth. "Where'd you find this?"
"There was a hotel room at the end of the hallway. The door was open so I somehow managed to find this in there."
I stood there in silence as she flipped through the pages ferociously. She looked just as shocked as I did when I first saw them. Soon after she got a glance, she shoved me aside and stormed to the door.
Picking myself up, I followed her. The hallway was still dim as ever, the sun already gone. As I treaded along, I shuffled around my pocket for a flashlight.
"Eden. Was there anything else in that room?" she whispered to me.
"Lab coats. Broken things."
The door made a painful creak when it opened. Rebecka beckoned me to hand her the light.
I stood by the doorway, watching her move about the room. Digging under sheets, in shelves, and finally disappeared into the bathroom. I remained still for a while. She emerged from the bathroom, finally, and took a deep breath when I saw her face. It was pale, and when I looked down, I noticed she had a vial with clear, bubbly liquid inside of it.