
Chapter 4
Mom is dead. I'm being utterly straightforward, no sugar-coating anything.
One morning, I woke up and started to make myself some breakfast. When I looked out to where mom was, lying there on the couch with that same blanket over her body, she was really still. I wasn't suspicious or anything, so I just looked down and kept pouring the cereal into the bowl.
"Do you want some cereal too, mom?" I called.
She didn't respond and I just assumed she was sleeping. I went over to that couch to wake her up when I realized something strange. She looked abnormally pale and stiff. And there was a faint odor. Then, it clicked. I couldn't believe it took me that long to notice.
I stood there for a few seconds in disbelief, then crouched down to my mother's corpse and felt her wrist, her throat, anything for a pulse. When I couldn't find any, I started panicking. My tears fell in bucket loads and there was that lump in my throat.
"Re.. Rebecka!" I had screamed, stuttering and choking.
She ran as fast as she could because usually, I didn't stress out this much if it wasn't urgent. But when she saw me, crying, standing over our mom, she knew right away.
We buried our mom in the garden behind our apartment building, where the bluebells used to grow. At that moment, all there was were shrubs and dead grass. That and one single stem of bluebells.
We got rid of all of that junk and dug a spacious grave. And we stood there, looking at the grave after we'd dug it up.
I picked the bluebells, separating the petals from the bulbs. We scattered the petals in the grave and planted the bulbs all around it. Every once in a while, we watered the plants, although we knew we had a shortage of water, and stayed in that apartment until the whole garden was blue.
But that was 7 years ago. We'd looted all of the stores available in our town, which wasn't saying much, and advanced into a city north of us.
Rebecka has managed to find some chips from the shelves of the gas station mart, but we realized it was well past its expiration date. We're starved. Our clothes are tattered and we're dirty.
And not to mention government soldiers. They were lurking all around a supermarket that we attempted to loot. I don't know how long this'll go on.
We packed up the only thing we could find, some water and dried fruits.
As I neared the convenience store door, I heard a faint noise outside.
I approached the sound. It was stupid. Usually in books and movies, the main characters ended up getting killed, but my curiosity got the better of me. I had no clue if Rebecka was following me or not. She made no noise.
Creeping toward the corner of the building, Rebecka coughed from behind me. I spun around to put a finger to my mouth, but I felt an arm wrap around my neck. And it was tight. Beads of sweat formed on my forehead. Someone had gotten me into a headlock. Their clothes were the smell of new clothes.
"Don't move," they whispered.
I threw my hands up and stopped struggling. The blade they held was too close to my neck to wrestle away from them. One move would lead to a slit throat.
Rebecka approached the attacker slowly. "Please, drop him."
They turned their blade toward Rebecka for a swift second and then right back to my throat.
"Stay back." The attacker sounded like a girl, her voice mellow and sweet, yet threatening and serious. Rebecka gave her one longing look.