
It made me sick. What kind of people would attack children. For what cause? Did they also have some grudge on us? Or were they just that loyal to Eli?
They hadn't seen us yet. Alfie and I had the same thoughts at this point. We were going to sneak up behind the men and quickly kill the one with the pistol first. Then, we could easily take out the other two. I sensed the urgency building up as the two of us approached the man.
Alfie gave me a quick nod and I prepared to attack. It wasn't as I had planned it.
The children all looked past the men at us with their confused and terrified eyes. This signaled the three men to look behind them. I didn't give the pistol armed man the chance. As he was halfway spun around, I drove my machete that Howard had given to me straight through his chest.
A kid screamed and several more yelped. They would probably never look at me the same way after this incident, but as long as they lived, I was okay with the idea.
He grabbed at where the blade had driven into and started choking up blood. Just in case, I snatched the pistol that he had dropped on the ground and held it tight. I looked around and saw one laying on the ground, blood pooling around his figure. Alfie was wrestling a man to the wall. His blade had probably been knocked out in mid combat, seeing as it was scattered on the floor by the dead guy.
I shook blood off of my machete as I scrambled to aid Alfie. The intruder was pinned to the wall, making it easy for me to take him out. I was just three feet away from the man when he pushed Alfie back, drew an unexpected knife from his boots, and dove right towards me. He took an aim for my stomach.
I tried to swivel around to avoid the blow, but dang, he was fast. The metal caught my flesh and slashed straight across. There was an excruciating stinging of my exposed skin contacting cold metal. All I heard was the sound of a dull boom and a thud before I collapsed.
______

Blue skies. Endless hills of golden wheat and the sun setting. Everything was serene. The only noise I heard was the sound of wind dancing through the field.
"Astrid."
Did the noise come from behind me? My body moved slowly, as if I were in space, to turn around.
I saw honey brown hair. Bright blue eyes. Jenn.
"Hey, Astrid."
Just a little bit away from Jenn stood Finn, beckoning me cheerfully towards him. I looked at Jenn, once again very slowly, then back at Finn. I walked towards him as if my legs were caught in gooey dough.
His face became shady all of a sudden, and he soon pulled a knife from behind him and stabbed me. Why did it hurt so much? I tried to move my hands to my stomach but they wouldn't budge. Neither would my face. I was facing the smiling face of Finn but somehow, I could also see downwards at the blood streaming out of my wound.
Now, I was laying down. There were walls all around me and looking down on me were Finn, Jenn, Carter, Bryce, and Sterling.
"Astrid," Sterling said. One by one, everyone said my name. I heard shuffling, and I looked up to see Finn holding a shovel full of dirt. It came cascading down on my face and I opened my mouth to scream.
"Astrid, Astrid, Astrid," I heard my name on repeat. I couldn't see anymore. Everything was dark.
"Astrid!"
My senses were coming in clearer now. I could hear heavy breathing and sniffling above me.