
"Thank you so much," I smiled. Everyone else seemed very pleased, other than Kai, who seemed dissappointed that he didn't get a room with Skyler. Eden looked especially displeased being seperated from his sister, and I didn't blame him. It had not been long since the two had stayed with us and we had so much shi" going on, trusting us would be almost impossible.
"Also," Dawn continued, "Leonel and Aggie will be taking your items to store with the rest of the supplies, if you don't mind."
This time, it was Skyler who spoke up. "Not at all, cous. But I think everyone should be able to keep their weapons and obviously personal items, all right?"
"Oh yeah, no problem!"
Afterwards, Dawn took Rebecka, Sterling, Astrid, Jenn, and Skyler to their rooms while Bryce, Kai, Alfie, Eden, and I remained.
We didn't talk much after that because everyone had pretty much passed out. I thought it'd be the same for me; after all, I was super tired, but for some reason, I couldn't sleep. All these muddled thoughts were sleep depriving. I think I needed a quick walk. It was night now; I could tell because through the cracks in the ceiling, moonlight was shining in. After taking a swig of my water canteen, I rose and paced around the hallway in my bare feet.
All of a sudden, I felt a strong tug at the back of my shirt collar and I was being spun around. I felt familiar lips being jammed against mine. It wasn't a very pleasant surprise. As my eyes got adjusted, I noticed it was just Jenn.
I pulled away quickly and weakly chuckled. "You scared me half to death."
All she did was laugh and reach for my face again. Before she could, I caught her hands. "Hang on Jenn. Now's not the best time. Let's wait till morning or something."
Her hearty smile turned upside down into a whiny frown. "There is no best time for us, Finn. Plus you're not sleeping anyways, so why not?" she said a matter of factly. Jenn was great, smart, beautiful, but she always had that "I told you so" look that drove me mad.
"Jenn, I don't want to right now. Let's talk tomorrow."
She sighed, knowing that I wouldn't give in. "Fine. See you tomorrow, then." Jenn whipped around and strutted back to the ladies' room.
I sighed. Surprisingly, I felt really tired. An encounter with Jenn was like a day at the office- or something like that. Joining the rest of the boys, I crashed on my bed and stared up at the ceiling. For a while, I thought about perhaps nothing, looking at the mossy wall and listening to my relaxed breathing. Then after a while, my eyelids were drooping and I was out.
Lololol classic "fell asleep" ending. Well but I had to post this chapter sooner or later. I suck at posting if you hadn't noticed already...
So yeah go ahead and leave a like and maybe a comment! Thanks for reading!