
Chapter 1:
My dad left us with nothing. I couldn't believe it. He left the house behind, took all of the money and fled. I knew the divorce would happen but I hadn't the slightest idea that it would leave us at this! And on the day I turned 10! My sister was 16, out of school and with a job, trying to support our family. No goodbye, no nothing. I was infuriated!
"Mr.Reed? If you're going to talk out loud, I suggest you do it after class."
The kids in the class laughed and my cheeks flushed bright red. First of all, I didn't even notice I was speaking out loud. Secondly, that wasn't even funny! Everyone is, well, stupid.
There. I said it. It's a naughty word but I did.
After class, I immediately escaped into the bathroom. Rebecka was at the pier, selling smelly fish and earning little. Maybe I should drop out and help her there. Or be with our ill and suffering mother at home. With a meager amount of money, we couldn't afford to buy healthy food, and our mother had caught a bad disease. There was a knock on the bathroom door.
A knock? Why would anyone need to knock to come in?
"Umm.. You can just walk in. It's public." I called out.
But I almost shrieked when I saw a very familiar head pop in. A female head. The head of my sister.
"What are you doing here?" I scolded. "And if you had any respect, you'd realize this was the boy's restroom!"
Normally, she would've laughed and scoffed. Instead, her face was focused and grave as death. "Eden, we need to go."
"What? Why?" I demanded. "I'm still in school! And what about your job?"
"No, no." Her voice cracked. "Don't ask. I'll tell you once we're out."
Optionless, I followed her outside where we started treading home. "I'm so confused, Becka. Why did you pull me out of school?"
"School doesn't matter now."
"Well, not for you cause you're working, but I still have to go! You're acting so strange! What's happening?"
She halted and I faced her. "Eden," she stated my name intensely. "I was running an errand for Mr. Greene.. and, and.."
"And?" I glanced up at her, wondering what was so severe about running an errand.
"The T.V., I saw... I saw men in uniform. U.S. soldiers. They were killing people. Annihilating them. Apparently, the government thought the U.S. was becoming too overpopulated, so now they're resorting to executing us, the Western citizens. The "poor people". And all of the boats are gone. We're too late."
Do you think this is too short? I'm sorry, this is my first wattpad book so... anyways, please tell me if you like the name Eden Reed!