
For a while, I think I'm going to stick to Astrid just because the POV switching is confusing.
Thanks for reading! I hope the wait wasn't too long!
Astrid's POV
My eyes felt groggy and my mouth was incredibly dry. Although summer was approaching, the nights could still get a little chilly. I looked around, seeing that everyone else was still asleep. It still seemed pretty early; only a few birds were chirping outside, and my not completely accurate but still effective watch told me it was 7:10 A.M.
I slipped my feet halfway into my Converse and wore them like slippers. Oh, how I missed the feeling to wear slippers. To walk in my fuzzy pajamas to the orphanage kitchen and snoop around for milk- not too cold, not too warm.
But, being in this wonder of a cave wasn't too bad either. I guess not until winter came. A long time ago, I wouldn't have guessed of coming to the middle of a random forest in Oregon.
I started walking down the tunnel. Without this "murder the poor people" act, I would've never met Alfie, Sterling or, well Finn.
As I passed by the boys' room, I caught a glimpse of him. I saw his lanky, muscular body curled up into a fetal position. He looked so peaceful. So... perfect.
But never would he, no matter what the circumstances were, like me. How did Jenn even look so gorgeous throughout this apocalypse? I saw him stir a little bit and quickly rushed off on my way.
Not noticing Dawn ahead of me, I collided into her.
"I'm so sorry," I yelped.
"That's all right. I see you're already up."
"Yep", I replied, not really knowing what to say next. "Um, do you have a bathroom here?"
"Somewhat," she chuckled. "Just follow the big tunnel to the main room, and enter the red curtain."
"Thank you, I'll see you around."
"Anytime," she smiled, already off to do her job.
I did as she instructed and entered the red curtained room. It was the tiniest room, with just a little bench, but two doors. One was labeled, "Water", and the other, "Body waste," which I chuckled at. "Bathroom" would've been nicer than "body waste".
I entered the water room, hoping for sinks and showers and tubs. What I got was a light waterfall, rolling in from a large, lightning bolt shaped crack in the wall. The water cascaded into a tiny, dug out bowl in the ground. Floating in the mini pond and lining it were wooden buckets to scoop water up.
In one side of the room, there were about 2 tubs from what seemed to be hollowed logs, except with patches here and there of things I couldn't even imagine. For some reason, there was a propane stove propped in a dry area of the room. I'd ask Dawn about that later.
For now, I picked up a wooden bucket and dunked it into the pool. The water was freezing against my hand and took my breath away at how naturally clean and beautiful it was.
When I splashed the water on my face, my senses sharpened ten times greater and I was suddenly alert. After a few more splashes on my face, I left the bucket to float around the pool while I dried my face with my sleeve.
I stumbled back out to the main cave and awkwardly stood there for a while. Now what?
At first, I hesitated to roam out of the domed room, but then I started down the dark passage that we had entered from yesterday. Since it was a little brighter now, I could see details about the cave that I couldn't yesterday.