
"Where's Bryce?" I asked Kai, even though I knew where he was. The old man stayed in his bed the whole day with his injured leg and shaken sanity. Bryce had once been a military officer, but he had injured himself in battle. Mostly, he contributed by sharing his knowledge and tactics.
"In his room," Kai scoffed. I ignored his remark and turned to go see Bryce. Other than Sterling, Bryce was always someone I could talk to. He had that shadow of a father, always giving me logical advice and always putting my concerns above his. I knocked on the door, and was answered with a, "Who is it?"
"Astrid," I replied.
"Come in."
I peeked in the room. It was dark, as usual. Bryce sat in bed with another one of his books.
"What are you reading this time?"
He lifted his book. "What, this piece of junk? It's called the Call of the Wild. Not my favorite, but it's enough to satisfy me through this apocalypse."
I shrugged. If out of anyone, it was Bryce who could make themselves happy by doing unnecessary things. He put the book down and looked up at me. "I heard that you brought back those two siblings."
I sighed. "Not that again."
Bryce lifted an eyebrow. "You seem annoyed." So I told him about how I had been scolded on bringing in newcomers by Kai and Alfie. Of course Kai would, he was as stubborn as a mule and it was right of him to fulfill his duty of being a cautious leader, but Alfie really got on my nerve. But Bryce responded by laughing. I frowned at him.
"Still got those Finn feelings, eh?" he chuckled.
Once again, I frowned. He nodded, understanding that it was a touchy subject. Standing there, I pictured Finn's soft black hair. His gentle, strong, yet so huggable arms. And his eyes, like a cascading waterfall, or the green colors of the sea all blended in together.
Standing there in Bryce's room, I started to feel bad. About how I had yelled at Alfie. My jealousy of Jenn should not have turned into something vicious toward Alfie. He was practically my brother.
I was startled when someone knocked on the door. Joel stuck his head in, and nodded at me acknowledging my presence. Then he faced Bryce. "Looks like Kai's called another meeting."
It wasn't hard to guess what it was for. Probably to choose the job that Eden and Rebecka would take. Sterling and I were merely collectors and fighters in training, not yet old enough to take on any other jobs. Jenn got to join Alfie, Finn, Joel, and Skylar in the "fighters" team. At their age, they could fight and do the serious things. The only thing I ever did was cook, collect, organize, etc.
I helped Bryce up and we started toward the meeting room. The whole room was filled with people already. This room had no windows. The chairs were around a big, metal table. I slid into my usual seat and realized that Eden and Rebecka were not here yet.
I'd spoken too soon. The 2 siblings came stumbling in the room and Kai motioned for them to sit. Then, he turned to the rest of the group.
"These two need something to do this week. Any opinions?"
Awkward silence. This week, I was on cooking duty, with Sterling helping me. Alfie and Finn were the lookouts. Joel, Kai, and Skylar had to do tasks like organizing supplies and weapons, and since they were the oldest and most in charge, they regulated rules and order throughout the group. Jenn was supposed to be cleaning up messes that occurred, but there weren't that many, so it was like a "break". And Bryce, well what could he do was the question.