
The updates have really been slow- sorry.... to recap, Eden and Rebecka met a group of people, and they were attacked by other people. Now, they have to leave the town before the government tracks them down.
Eden's POV
All of this fighting, this blood-spill had been totally uncalled for. I thought we would live a steady, anticlimactic life, hidden away in some lounge room. Turns out, we leave the day we meet these people. I have to admit, they were kind and capable folks, but their history with all of these civilians scared me a little.
The sun had just started going down, maybe 30 minutes ago. It was nice, after being burned and roasted all day long by blinding sun rays.
Every once in a while, I would turn around to check up on Rebecka. Astrid took decent care of her.
The group decided to give me a suitcase -one with the backpack straps on it- to carry to Oregon. The cans and packages of food in it weren't unbelievably weighty, but my shoulders ached from the strain.
Everyone was tired and sleepy when nighttime came around. Strange; for me, I had been more tired when the sun was out. I mean, hazy sunbeams and worn-out muscles? The ultimate sleep drug.
So Kai located an exit from the highway, and we came across a relatively remote town. It wasn't that large, either. The streets were eerily silent.
"Kai!" Alfie called from behind me. The attention of the group was on him. "I can see this one hotel from here. Wanna crash there?"
Kai ever so casually nodded, signaling Alfie to lead the way. We traveled across the uneven, gravelly road until we faced a worn, brick hotel. None of the rooms had broken windows or anything, which meant that nothing had really gone down here before we arrived. There was no light inside, and not much sunlight to brighten it up either, so we pulled out some flashlights. The beams danced across and intercepted each other, just like circus lights did. Not that I had ever been to a circus or anything; just saw it on our miniature, box-like television.
Our leader halted us and scouted behind the counter for some keys. He emerged with a handful. Those pleasant, tiny card keys that you scan to enter the room. So this is why my dad wanted to go to the North so much. It's a lot more nicer and luxurious. Hotels back where we used to live had rooms the size of closets and rusty keys.
"So I assume we should share hotel rooms," Kai announced, quieter than he usually was. "Eden and Rebecka probably want a room to themselves, so here." He tossed a key to me, and I almost dropped it; caught off guard. Then, he gave one to Astrid and Sterling, whom I had observed to be very close friends. Jenn, Alfie, and Finn, all older than me by a few months claimed one to themselves, and Skylar and Kai invited Bryce to their room. We were all in the hallway of the 1st floor, relatively close to each other.
Astrid handed Rebecka over to me and trudged away to her hotel room. Rebecka seemed to be doing fine; her wound wasn't bleeding, but she looked pretty drained like the rest. Just as I opened the door, I realized how hungry I was. I mean, I had food with me, but some other people didn't. My aching arms felt 10 times better when I set down the bag.
"Wait here," I told Becka, grabbing 3 cans of food- corn, pineapple, and tomato soup- and walked up to our leader's door. My knock was answered by Skylar. She looked at my face, and then down at the food I was holding.
"Oh, thanks," she exclaimed, taking the cans straight from my hands. I turned to leave to retrieve more food.
"Hang on Eden," Skylar called. "Are you and Rebecka ok in there?"
I didn't turn my head around, but called, "Fine," as I continued to walk. I did this for the rest of our group members, knocking on doors and distributing food. Rebecka had already opened a pack of saltine crackers and a can of tuna when I returned.