
Skylar's POV
As I waited for my cousin to arise from the cave, I rested my head on Kai's shoulder. He held me with an arm slung over my shoulder, giving me a little squeeze of assurance.
Finally, we broke apart as we saw the silhouette of that same man. Then right behind him, I could see Dawn, with her familiar, slim figure and that same golden hair, now chopped to a pixie cut. Last time I'd seen her, along with Uncle Caleb and Aunt Lila had been 9 years ago.
"Dawn, it's me! Sky!" I cleared my throat and swallowed. My vocal chord felt hollow and sore.
She glimpsed around for a second to locate the voice but when she did, she hollered back, "Cous!"
I took a step out, for a moment forgetting the danger between Dawn and I. The fact that we had met despite all of the miles, after all of the years seemed surreal. Sense was finally knocked back into me when Kai rested a hand on my shoulder.
Dawn got an idea and- after signaling to us to wait- disappeared into the crevice of the compact outcropping. She reappeared with a bow. A something-you-could-find-at-an-outdoors-store type of bow. The modern, sleek, black model clashed against the dull wooden color of the arrows.
I observed her knot a black, nylon rope to the end of the arrow. "You all take a step back." Everyone knew where this was going.
Once there was enough space, Dawn notched the arrow to the bow and aimed, left eye closed shut for precision. The arrow landed shallow in a tree trunk, so we had to run and grab it fast before it slid out of grasp.
Alfie was on top of that already. He snatched the arrow, untied the rope from the end, and started wrapping it around the sturdy trunk. It held firm, and we kept on tying knots to guarantee safety.
I went first, undoing the belt from my hips and whipping it over the line. As I warmed up my hands and took a deep breath, I stared at the dangerously shallow water below. If I lost my grip, I'd go tumbling down and injure myself, or worse.
As my hands tightened over the belt, my feet lifted off of the ground. And I was soaring, the stream trickling below me. When my feet were in reach of the ground, I dug my heels into the soil for friction. I had to stomp a foot onto an incoming rock to come to a full stop. And then I fell on my bum, smack in a bunch of tall grass.
I regained my balance and got on my feet, just to be knocked down again by Dawn's shocking embrace.
"I didn't think that I'd see you again, Sky," my cousin murmured.
"Neither did I."
Finn's POV
I stepped up to go next, but got cut off by a very persistent Kai following his girlfriend. He did it quickly, not falling and landing swiftly and steadily.
Right after, I lunged out to go next. The belt slid down faster than I expected, and I shouted and cheered with adrenaline as I went barreling into the ground. Pathetic.
"Keep it down, will ya?" Skylar scorned. "Darn kids," I saw her mutter under her breath before I landed. Jeez. One minute she's enthusiastic, letting "us folks" down to her camp and the next minute, she's getting all pissed about having fun.
Some members of our group had some trouble getting down, having fairly rough landings. The rest managed. At one point, Bryce was sliding down when a bug or something hit his face, and the knife that he had been holding in his mouth dropped. We had to walk out to the shallow current to retrieve it.
Once everyone had gathered, Dawn led us into that small opening, which we had to slide in one by one.