
Skylar stood from her stool. "I say Eden goes on lookout duty with Finn and Alfie. Rebecka can decide if she wants to help her brother or help the girls."
Of course. We were "the girls". Rebecka nodded for a while, and looked at Eden. "You're fine on your own, right buddy?"
Eden just nodded. No yes's, no I'm fine's, just a nod. He never talked or smiled for that matter. Kai seemed to approve, and soon after, the members of the group starting gesturing that they were fine with the idea.
Kai got up from his chair in one swift move. "So, what's for din-"
After a series of urgent knocks, the door burst open. Joel, who'd been on lookout duty, came tumbling into the room.
"They're here! At the end of the street!"
'The government people?' I thought. I repeated my assumption out loud, and Joel shook his head. "No, it's Eli."
I was lost. The only two people besides Joel who seemed to know what was going on was Skylar and Kai. They looked at each other as if today were their last day. "Everyone, follow me," Kai gestured. I stumbled after him, an noticed he was heading toward the stairs.
We climbed up flights of steep stairs; one I almost tripped on. Not looking back, Kai called back to Joel, "How many were there?"
"Eli, his wife, and all of their followers; I'd say about 20 of them."
"Dang," Skylar scowled. "Almost 2 times as much as we have."
Kai led us to one of the highest floors, which I had never actually seen before. Kai, Joel, and Skylar had scouted the area before making it a base. The place looked so barricaded, no wonder Kai brought us up here. Once everyone had filed in the room, Kai started to announce one of his 'brilliant' plans.
"Half of us on the roof, half on this floor. We hide, and if they come up on this floor, the half of us will ambush them. Then the other half on the roof, come from behind and finish them. Got it?"
Some of us murmured yeses, some were unsure. Either way, it looked like the plan would proceed. Kai put me, Bryce, Alfie, Skylar, and Joel on the roof to come in from the back. I was the last to file in the roof, when I heard an insanly deep and intimidating voice call from the bottom of the building, "Kai! We know you're in here!"