
I started with the food. We never kept them in big boxes, and instead kept them in backpacks and large garbage bags. Right now, I was so thankful that we had done that. I loaded as many bags I could into my back, and dragged along 2 full garbage bags.
Maneuvering the stairs was not easy. Especially with all of the luggage. It must've taken at least 15 minutes to carry the supplies down to the diner. Jenn, Alfie, and Eden offered to go with me for a second load.
This time, we picked up clothing items, spare tents, weapons, just about everything. We had to leave quickly. We had made such a ruckus while fighting, it would be a miracle if the government squibs hadn't noticed us. Plus, someone had used a gun. That sound was meant to be heard from far away.
When we approached the diner, we noticed that Skylar and Kai were already there. Rebecka rested on a booth, Bryce was bandaging up Finn, and I had to admit, it was kind of cute when I saw Kai and Skylar pull into a hug. Kai could be vicious at times, but he really was a sweet guy aside from that.
Aaaaand cut. He was immediately in leader mode once we entered with the supplies. There was a plentiful mound in the corner of the diner.
"Now that Joel can't be here to help," Kai began, "Workloads for all of us will increase a little. I'd say we have 3 hours tops until the squibs come looking in this area. Skylar knows some folks up in Oregon. We'll find better luck there."
"Then we should go now," Alfie suggested.
But Jenn interrupted. "There are some of us unable to travel. Rebecka and Finn for sure-"
"I said I was fine!" complained Finn from across the room. I was quite taken aback by his outburst. All he had ever been to Jenn was kind. But Kai settled him down, with a simple, 'shut up man'.
We soon decided that Bryce would be helping Finn travel, and I for Rebecka. Yes, they just went there. Other words for, "Bryce and Astrid are the weakest so they'll take the injured and nurse them." The other 6 divided the luggage equally amongst each other. 10 minutes lost.
"Let's get a move on!" yelled Kai. Rebecka was still leaned against that booth when I approached her. I made sure her bandaged arm was secure before helping her up. Nothing was wrong with her legs, it's just that she had lost a plentiful amount of blood. That meant she would be slightly dizzy. Bryce Ed. 101.
The luggage carriers left the store first, heading up the street. Bryce and I followed behind. We snooped around the corners and alleys to stealthily move around. Pretty soon, Rebecka started walking by herself and all I had to do was catch her when she fell from time to time.
And that's when the stretch of skyscrapers subsided and we were out on the highway to Oregon.
Please remember to vote, comment, and follow!