
"What do you think it is, Eden?" she asked me with a grave appearance.
"I'm not sure, Rebecka. Maybe we should take it to the rest."
Her response was immediate. "No! Not until we can fully trust them."
After that, we went back to our hotel room. We fished out towels from our bathroom drawers and wrapped the vial carefully. Our plan was to wait, and if the disease did hit us, we would try out the liquid. Funny thing though. When our mom had died, she faced the symptoms listed on the paper. I thought she had cancer.
If only we had found the possible vaccine earlier.
Astrid's POV
Sterling had tested out the faucet. Of course it didn't work. Another thing the government had done to eliminate us. Cutting off our water supply. Eden brought us some food a while ago, and the groans my stomach was making settled. I wanted to escape the pungent and toxic fumes of the room. So I ventured outside and sat down on a bench.
I leaned my head back and closed my eyes. The night breeze felt amazing, which convinced me even more not to go back in the room. My conciousness slipped pretty soon, and my brain allowed me to dream.
But I guess I didn't. A hand nudged my shoulder, and my eyes sprung open. My whole body was shivering due to the frosty drops of rain around me. I didn't notice it had started to rain.
"You should go back inside," a soothing, yet familiar voice spoke from behind me. When I turned my head around, it was Finn. I could feel my cheeks flaring and my stomach dropping.
"That's all right," I encouraged as I turned back around. "I haven't had a good clean in weeks."
Despite the rain, I felt sweat growing on my forehead and neck. I sensed him looming over me when he came around to sit beside me.
"You'll get a cold, though, and I don't think we can risk losing more medicine or strength."
So was that all I was? An extra bit of strength to our group? Or a waste of our medicine?
I made my grumpiness obvious in my tone. "The people at Oregon will have lots more."
"Is Astrid angry at me?" he gasped, with sarcasm in his voice.
That made me somewhat angry. 'No, I'm embarassed cause I like you,' I thought. Although the sarcasm was nice after all that had been going on. "If you really want me to go in, I suppose I'll have to." I stood up, my feet aching inside of the boots. But as I started treading away, he grabbed my wrist and pulled me back down on the bench.
"Seriously though," he started, his carribean turquoise eyes gazing into mine. "Tell me what's wrong."
'I can't stand being around you, that's what's wrong.' Nah. Instead, I shook my head. "I thought you wanted me to go back inside. After all, we're going to catch a cold."
"And the rain is, 'a good clean'." He smiled evilly, and his dimples made my face turn even more red. It's a good thing he didn't point anything out.
"Why do you seem so embarassed?" he inquired. Erghh, way to jinx it, Astrid.
"None of your business."
He leaned even closer towards me and extended the mischeif in his smirk. "Little Astrid likes me?"