
Chapter 15:
I took off to see Sterling, still dazed from that chat. When I found her, she was staring up at the crack in the roof, where tiny drops of water were seeping through.
I sat next to her and looked up at where she was looking. She had a faint breath and hardly even blinked.
"Can I tell you something, Sterling?" I said, interrupting her thoughts.
She blinked once and looked at me.
"What is it?"
Just as I was about to confess my feelings for her brother, I stopped. A great plan formed in my head. "I'll tell you if you tell me the reason why you were crying this morning."
"Deal. Go ahead," she agreed, shrugging.
This was hard to do. It wasn't just confessing an ordinary crush. After all, it was her brother.
"I've liked Finn for a while now," I told her all at once, getting it all out and hoping for the best while preparing for the worst.
Her eyes bulged. Jaw dropped open.
"You're just now telling me this?" she gasped. "How? When? Why?"
"What do you mean why? It just happens. It's like how you felt with-"
I halted. I'm so so stupid. Sterling's amazement turned into shock, and her eyes filled with water.
"I'm so sorry, oh my gosh, I never meant to..."
She wiped her eyes and shook her head. "It's alright. That's actually what I was going to say. I've been having nightmares about... about him, Astrid. It was just particularly bad yesterday."
Hold it right there. I'm going to rewind to 4 years ago. It was when I was 12 and had been with Sterling for about 1 year. At that time, it was just Sterling, Finn, Alfie, and I. And a boy named Carter.
Carter Ralph.
Carter was only 12, like Sterling and I. Of course, I was too busy fawning over Finn to look into him, but Sterling's case was different.
As the year passed, she grew obsessed with him. She confessed her feelings one day and the next, they were one happy, secret couple.
All three of us were 13, now. The five of us had just met Jenn.
We were all camping by the shore in a rickety cabin when we heard yelling outside. They were coming for us, and it didn't matter how old you were to comprehend that. Everyone could tell when the soldiers were coming.
All of us being young kids, we had nowhere to go. Nothing to do. We'd barricaded the doors and the only space we had to escape from was a window. A tiny window. We also had the option of our secret escape route downstairs, but being boarded up so well, it would take too long to prepare it for escape.
We all panicked. Jenn and Finn ran downstairs furiously to take off the barricades to our secret escape tunnel and the rest of us were trying to crawl out that window.
"Go right now, Astrid!" commanded Alfie.
I whimpered and was about to take my leave when Carter punched me right in the face and I fell.
"Carter!" I heard Sterling scream.
I looked up, dazed and saw that boy shove aside Sterling and selfishly climb out the window himself. He got at least 70 feet until a dozen shots went off and he fell.
Sterling screamed again.