
I am such a liar. This chapter's gonna start out with Astrid's point of view, but then change to Eden's. Sorry for all of the confusion :) also, it's gonna get violent and bloody.
Note: Any factual information about the medical stuff comes from the internet so if you're, well, more experienced in that field, please know that I'm still in school :) Thank you.
Astrid's POV
It started with a series of yells from the main entrance. As I looked to see, a man was wrestling one of our own people at the lobby. There stood some other people, scrambling about what to do.
"Shit," I hissed. "They're here."
I watched, frozen in place as the two men wrestled. Suddenly, the intruder pulled a knife out of his belt and dug it right into the man's stomach. He jolted, clutching his wound as he came crashing down. The other people panicked, all running away.
The man looked over the other one die, with a look of success on his face. I felt around for the machete Howard had given me a few weeks ago.
Silently, I crept up behind him. I wanted to close my eyes while I did it, but I couldn't risk it.
I quietly stretched my arms around him and slit his throat, imagining that the machete was only a bow and his throat was only a violin. Of course, that was hard to imagine when you were killing a man.
Once I had done it, I rushed to the other man on the ground. His breaths were shallow, hands around the knife still buried in his stomach.
"Sir, I'm going to have to pull the knife out."
He looked up at me, half conscious.
"D, don't!" he yelled, afraid of the pain. I didn't have a choice if I were to save this man's life, though. It's not like I could apply pressure with the knife still there.
"Please," he moaned. "Just go. Find my wife, Julia Becker. Tell her that I love her and that I left with good memories."
I sighed. "Sir, you can still live, I have the proper experience. If you just endure this moment, we can help you. Don't give up now when you still have a family."
He looked at me, hesitating, but finally nodded. As I tightened my hand around the bloody handle, he shut his eyes tight.
1, 2, 3...
He screamed. As soon as the blade came out and hit the ground with a clatter, I took off my jacket and wrapped it tightly around the man's torso. My palms were over the bloodying spot where he had been stabbed, applying pressure.
"Get help! Anyone!" I yelled.
But no one was there to help. I kept my hand there, constantly yelling. Then, I heard rapid footsteps outside of the lobby and from around the corner appeared Finn.
Oh great.
He looked at me, then the man.
"Shoot." Finn came scrambling towards me. He pushed my hands aside and took my place.
"Go get Bryce and tell him to bring his medical kit," Finn urged. I nodded, taking a big gulp. While I ran, I looked down at my bloody hands. "Two men," I thought to myself. My hands had the blood of two men. And if this one died, both of their deaths were on me.
Last I had seen Bryce, he had been in his room, reading a book like always. And when I got there, he was gone. "Damn it, where is he?!" I felt sweat formulate and by the time I had reached the living room, where I knew he'd be searching around for another book, I was crying.