
Before Dawn could say anything, I cut in. "Hang on. You should tell all of us who this Eli guy is. You can't leave us clueless while all of this is going on."
"That's none of your business," Kai growled.
Skylar put a hand on his shoulder. "Hang on. If Eli is putting them in danger, they have the right to know."
She turned to us and with a deep breath, said, "A long while ago, we used to be friends with Eli. It was eight of us. Him, his three family members, Kai, Bryce, J...Joel, and I. He had two beautiful kids and a wife."
Skylar took another breath. This topic seemed to be very hard to talk about.
"We were settling by a farm. It seemed like heaven for a while. But one day, one of his kids fell backwards into a well. The only person out there was Kai, and he was supposed to be watching over the kids. It wasn't his fault, because it was Eli's wife who had asked for help with something, but Eli blamed it on Kai. He went mad and made threats. So in the night, we left. We never thought he'd find us again. He's the one that attacked us at the old base."
Everything made sense, now. The puzzle pieces were coming together. I looked at Kai and noticed that he had his head down, with hands over his eyes. Now I know why Kai was so hesitant to say anything.
"I'm so f**king stupid," he sobbed. Skylar tried to comfort him.
"And back to the real world now," Dawn said. "He's been looking for you guys. We saw him not too far from here. We're telling everyone to go on lockdown, meaning waiting for meals in their rooms, whispering, and nothing that might attract attention. I heard that you guys killed nearly his whole group last time?"
"We did," Alfie nodded.
"Well he's come back with an even bigger group. Maybe thirty people, this time."
We all were shocked. Did this Eli guy have a freaking army?
"So stay alert, report anyone leaving or coming in, and stay quiet, all right?" Dawn requested. We all nodded.
The meeting broke up right after that. I had nothing to do. This cave, despite its size, had not much to do. Before, I'd been helping with mostly outdoor chores; scooping water, scouting with Howard, and harvesting crops. Now none of those options were available to me, I had nothing.
I tried the bookshelf. There were novels dating all the way back to 1950! That was a century and a half ago. I flipped through some of the books. The Outsiders, Harry Potter, Legend, Eleanor and Park.
I pulled out a book titled, "Dear John."
The synopsis made it all seem so... unrealistic. "The girl of his dreams." It was hard to remember a world where the only thing that mattered was love.
Ok this is the worst ending ever, but first of all, I needed to get this chapter out and secondly, there's action coming up that's going to be really long so I didn't want to further this chapter. I hope you all thought it was okay, please vote and comment!
Also, I have a book based around Hogwarts n'stuff if anyone's interested. It's not a fanfic but rather another plot with the whole Harry Potter world.