
I almost fell into the river, not noticing the steep slope containing the water. If Skylar hadn't pointed it out, I would've missed it. There was a small entrance to a cave in the banks of the river, which was a dozen or two feet down. Everyone looked pretty excited, or had I mistaken that for nervousness?
Bryce asked Skylar with an upmost concerned face, "How will we get across the river? I mean, it looks pretty deep and we don't want to get wet or lose any supplies."
Then, she did a very un-skylar thing to do. She shrugged. This woman always seemed to have answers, but definitely not now. We just stood around like a bunch of oafs. Some sat down to rest their weary legs. I stood there, on alert.
Then, all of my senses focused on a figure emerging from the cave entrance. Under the moonlight, I observed an old man holding a cigarette. He strolled along the gravelly banks until he finally looked up and froze. The cigar dropped right out of his hands. I realized where his hands were leading to.
To the gun perched on his belt.
"Hang on!" I yelled at him. It all happened so quickly. Our hands went up, he aimed the gun towards us, finger right over the trigger.
Kai had never looked so desperate. "Please! We know your leader, Dawn Soto."
His hands trembled, as if he was trying to believe what Kai was saying. But we all knew, and I'm pretty sure he did too, that if the gun went off and we were noticed, we'd all be killed. He hesitated, lowered the gun, and told us, "Stay here and don't move any closer." After that, he went dashing off back inside the cave.
Just like he commanded, we didn't relocate ourselves, because we were all probably predicted one thing. That he would bring Dawn out to see us. One by one, everyone started sitting down, exhausted from the miles of trekking through heat and grime. I plopped down by the roots of an impressively massive tree and took sips out of my water canteen.
These 7 years for Rebecka and I had been laying low around buildings, in isolated towns that had just enough loot for us and then some. Never would I have thought of recreating a civilization, a society in the concealed wilderness. I wasn't a very naturey guy, nor was I the type to lead. Once I finally adjusted to the outdoors environment, maybe I could finally make a living, my mind for once off alert. I was content, and glad that this was how I would live. We were lucky, and I was grateful.