
We started traveling up the boulevard. We passed a diner that we had gone to all the time when my dad was still here. But it wasn't vacant yet. So all of this town was not yet alert of the news.
All of a sudden, I heard a high shrill that scared the heck out of me. I noticed just as Rebecka did- two girls probably in their early 20's, apparently drunk, intimidatingly wavered over to where we were.
I grabbed Rebecka's arm and tried to steer us clear of the horrid looking women, but they were unsteady, so they ended up bumping into Rebecka.
The lankier one sneered at Rebecka. "You did not just push me. I know it was on purpose, punk. Now you want to fight me?"
She poked my sister's arm and I felt furious that they had left their disgusting germs on my sister. In immediate reaction, I lifted my hand to shove the girl back. Becka caught and lowered it before I could throw a punch at the drunkard.
"Oh?" She focused on me. "You want to be beat too, kid? Or should we just give you to the government?"
The other one laughed at that. They were even more lame than my classmates. I broke free of Rebecka's grasp and punched the grotesque, vulgar creature straight in her stomach. The girl fell over and threw up all over herself doing it.
I felt a rush of satisfaction but Rebecka didn't seem so pleased.
"No, Eden! They're drunk!" Rebecka scolded. "Stupid, stupid," I heard her murmur to herself.
I said nothing but paced ahead, grabbing a hold of my sister's hand. Looking back at them, I noticed the one I had punched beginning to stand up.
I sped up. Glancing back once more, I noticed them starting to head toward a liquor store. That settled my mind. They had lost their attention on us.
We kept on rambling down the road, until I heard a loud shatter. I twirled around and saw the wasted girls pound through the glass with their fists.
Now they're breaking in, I muttered to myself, rolling my eyes. But sooner than I expected, they stumbled out holding bottles of wines. Upside down.
Is that how you drink wine? I soon realized that they had no intention of drinking anymore alcohol. They wanted to hurt us, that I was sure of.
Outside, they stood with champagne in their bloody hands with shards of glass buried into their skin. Scarlet blood was streaming from their cuts and their eyes were blood-shot, like mad bulls. They held their bottles above their head and charged toward us.