
"Bryce!" I snapped, grabbing his wrist. "Where's your medical kit?"
He looked at me, the skin around his old and sincere eyes crinkling. "Why? What's happened?"
"A man's been stabbed, god dang it!" I immediately felt bad for saying that. Where was this rage coming from? I certainly wasn't on my period. Maybe it was because it felt like everything that happened at the old base was happening all over again. And unlike Joel, I had a chance to save this man.
Bryce, however, took little notice of my hostility and moved right away. I followed him back to his room where he picked his kit up and led him to the lobby area where a man was bleeding to death right now.
And he was there. Still trying to save the man. I could see the tears cascading out of Finn's tropical eyes. That only made me want to cry more. "You're finally here," he choked out. He moved out and we waited for Bryce to give the next order.
Despite his old age, he worked surprisingly fast. "Get that backpack," he commanded, pointing to a random bag perched on a bench. I grabbed it and handed it to him.
"On the count of three," he said, "You two lift his legs so that he's at a slope, all right?"
Finn and I got into position, each of us at a leg.
"One, two, three!"
We hoisted the man up. He gave a wail of pain but stayed calm otherwise. Bryce positioned the bag under the man so that when he was lowered, it was right under his bottom. For a moment, I forgot why he was even doing this. But then, I remembered what he had taught me one day.
"Why do we position them like this?" I had asked him.
"Is the stomach below or above the heart?"
"Below," I murmured, realizing what he was getting at. By tilting the victim at that angle, the blood loss slowed.
He pulled on gloves, the blue medical kind, and unwrapped my jacket from the man's torso. The blood wasn't spurting out like it had before.
"Thankfully," he said, "It didn't go too deep."
Bryce then performed a suture with what little he had. I was constantly handing him his tools. Finn was sitting there on alert, waiting for anything to do. The man had previously been numbed so that he didn't completely freak out.
It took, say, an hour, but Bryce finally completed the suture.
"Good work," I complimented.
"Thank you," he smiled. But then his expression got all grim. "Ok you have some explaining to do now. Why is there a dead man on the ground?"
"About that..." I trailed off. "He came in from the door and started attacking. He was wrestling the man here. So I slit his throat."
"Wait!" Finn gasped. "Doesn't that mean there are others? Others who heard the fight and could be here at any moment?"
"Shit," Bryce and I said at the same time.
"Quick, get to Dawn," Bryce ordered us. "Stress the urgency. No one else should die today."
"Come on," Finn hissed. We ran as fast as our legs could carry us, all the way to her office where Finn had seen her not too long ago.
When Dawn saw us, she knew something was wrong. Blood on my hands; worry on our faces.
"Guys?" she trailed off. "Oh my god, there's blood. Why is there blood?"
I just waved my hand over for her to follow. The three of us ran right back, running into Keegan on the way. He asked us if something was wrong, and after giving him the same response as I had given to Dawn, now the four us were heading towards where Bryce was.