
A lesson learned, it's not very safe to be weak and trembling while going down stairs guarded by buggers. I was safe until floor 5, where I was given a most wonderful gift. 2 buggers with weapons of their very own!
Luckily, they didn't see me before I spotted them. I set Rebecka down in a sound formation on a stair, and crept behind the two guards. One was a young girl, and the other was a middle aged guy. They were chatting about how OP their weapons were.
Hah, I laughed in my mind. We'll see about that when I demolish you. Sadly, I had to take out the guy first, because he was older and stronger. It would be hard though, looking the younger one in the eyes and watching them lose their focus.
The plan was going well. My trembling hands managed to silence the man, and the girl next to him spun around with fear. If I was going to murder bugger foes, then I couldn't feel sorry every time I killed one. I have to look at each one the same and hope that I'm not a total dickhead by doing so.
The guards were down, and as I went along, I tried to clear some things so escape would be easy for the rest of the group. I felt a hard grasp on my arm. It was Rebecka.
Gasping for air and clenching her jaws uncontrollably, she seemed so lifeless. "Eden, I've lost so much blood. Where are we going?"
"It's going to be okay," I reassured Rebecka, just like she reassured me when my parents had fought a long time ago. This is how Rebecka must have felt then, knowing that the helpless one relied on those words so faithfully when you yourself doubted all of it.
"Eden," Rebecka huffed. I was desperate to exit the building. So so close.
"Eden, put me down."
I ignored her. She was going to live; just because I said so. I felt a hard pinch on my arm.
"Still not dropping you!" I sang. I seeked refuge in the building next door.
It was a small diner, with big red booths. I set Rebecka down on one and peeked out the window.
It must've been about 30 minutes that I've waited. Rebecka was silent but every once in a while coughed, notifying me that she was still alive.
I reacted like a kid on Christmas when I saw Bryce scamper out of the building. He was followed by Alfie, dragging along a rather small looking guy. No one else came, so I stepped in the diner doorway and waved them over. In the short period that I'd known Bryce, I had learned he had experience medically. Hopefully, Rebecka was in good hands.