
Water droplets formed at the ends of the stalactites in the cave. When they finally dropped, they hit the shallow water below with a nice plop sound.
Thankfully, there was a platform made of rocks to keep us from drenching our feet in the water. Everything was quiet, except for our breathing until Dawn picked up a lantern, causing a small clatter sound.
"Forward," she urged us. We took Dawn's lead down the dark tunnel. It seemed as if we were going downhill, but I didn't know. All the lamp helped me do was light my way, not brighten up my surroundings.
We came to a crossroad. Dawn took the right, although I could see some light from the left. Carefully, I cut in front of Astrid to reach Dawn.
"What was the light from that other path?"
"That would be the commons," she explained. "We meet in the commons for meetings, meals, small gatherings, just about any get-together things."
"Then what is this road?"
"You'll see soon enough."
That bothered me. The fact that a complete stranger was hiding what was yet to come nagged at me. The only hope I had that this woman was trustworthy was that she was Skylar's cousin.
I heard low voices from the end of the tunnel. Too low to tell the gender. After the voices came light. What amazed me is that it almost seemed natural. The tight tunnel then opened up to a spacious domed area. There were some cracks in the ceiling, in which light poured in. That explains the whole "natural" feeling.
Overgrowth grew all throughout the spherical ceiling, setting a type of jungle atmosphere. The floor wasn't overflowing with water like before, but did have some very shallow puddles. Something that caught my attention was the pieces of hanging fabric on the walls. Almost like... curtains.
These "curtains" concealed entrances to different tunnels, none of which I had any idea where they led to. Again, I got an uncertain feeling.
I almost missed the two people quietly chatting in the dark. They were sitting on a bench in a dark area of the domed room. Dawn seemed to notice them just as I did.
"Leonel," she nodded. "Aggie. These are our guests."
The man called Leonel stepped out from the darkness. "I thought we agreed to accept no more guests."
"Well," Dawn shrugged. "This is my sister's group, so I made an exception."
"Of course," Leonel murmured, rolling his eyes.
Dawn pretended to ignore that and said, "Can we get our guests rooms now?"
Leonel remained still, but the middle-aged woman called Aggie gave a little beckon. We all followed her to a blue curtain and into the tunnel. It was just big enough so that my 6'3 self had to bend over a little.
I'd been pretty good at memorizing things before, but after passing several crossroads, I was pretty confused.
Finally, she stopped at a pretty big room. This one looked quite "artificial" though; nothing like the natural, domed, lobby-like room. Slabs of wood were plastered to the walls and a woven grass carpet lay on the ground to make a decent room. What excited me the most were the bunk beds circling the walls of the room. My sore body was ready for a long night's rest.
"Well, this is the boys' room for now," Dawn smiled. "Girls have a different room at the end of the hallway, but please, make yourself comfortable and if you have any problems, I'll be at the girl's room."