
So some of you might be wondering how old Eden is, he's 10. Sorry for the disappointment if you thought he was older. Rebecka is 16, also. If you have any questions so far type in the comments and please share!!!
Chapter 3
I completely froze up. I had never been in a situation like this before. Everything else going around me stopped and all I could see were some maniacs who probably had the intention of killing us. Second by second they grew closer.
Rebecka snapped out of it before I did and began tugging me along. It was really no use, they were gaining in for us fast. Who knew drunk people could be so fast? My heart was pacing abnormally fast.
I didn't see it coming. The girl threw her bottle. It landed on the ground awfully close to our feet and shattered. A shard pierced my ankle, sending bursts of prickly sensations. My sister yelped, so the glass must've caught her foot as well.
The lanky one still had her bottle. And they were too close now. Right behind us, actually.
I released my sister's hand as I leaped to dodge her blow. Instead of catching my back, it caught my arm. I faltered, and with the grazed ankle, I fell, tumbling down. The girl approached me, with a sinister grin on her face and one deadly looking piece of glass in her bloody hand.
Scrambling back, I held my injured arm. Alcohol had trickled into the cuts, now making the pain unbearable. She brought her arm up to finish me, but never brought it down. Rebecka grabbed her arm, twisted it back, and pushed the girl down. She fell back on the ground, still. It appeared that she was unconscious. The other one, after having seen this, ran away.
I looked up at my sister. There was a sparkle in her gray eyes, the violent side of her, but despite that, what she did was pretty cool.
"That was so badass!" I laughed.
"Hey!" she responded. "Watch your language!"
Without realizing I had said that, my mouth formed an O. "Sorry."
She helped me up and we locked our bloody hands.
"We come out to get help, and we're being attacked," she sighed.
"Rebecka," I said, thinking of what they had said before. "Those people knew that the government was coming."
"Yeah," she nodded. "Which means others might know as well. Let's go home and fix ourselves up, then we can go see where they came from."
It didn't take us long to reach the small apartment building.
"Mom?" I called, rushing in. Her face was pale, and she was looking at our T.V screen. Curious, I took a look too.
Unbelievable.
Our dad, more well known as Secretary of OWA, (Organization of Western America) stood in front of a large crowd. A crowd made up of the easterners, or the rich people. He stood in a suit, one that probably could have cost more than our whole family's income combined.
"For decades, America has been one of the most powerful countries in the world. However, the economical troubles of the West have been taking a negative toll. Statistics even say that they reproduce twice as much as we do, causing the common dilemma of overpopulation."
There were murmurs of disapproval throughout the crowd. I wanted to gag. The mere ignorance and snottiness of the people disgusted me.
"The Organizations of both Western and Eastern America have come to the decision that we will renew the entire West."
I gasped. The West wouldn't even be in this situation if the East helped out a little. We didn't deserve this at all.