
"What the hell is this? Haven't you been paying attention all this time? What was our rule?!"
A woman of the same age group, rich auburn haired and about 5'6 stepped out. She looked experienced, reliable, yet soft and caring. Her hand planted itself on Kai's shoulder. "I have a rule about no screaming, remember that Kai? Be easy on the girl."
"Your rule wasn't a rule we voted on, but we all did agree on not bringing in strangers ."
She crossed her arms. Slowly, people began appearing. Astrid was right, there were about eight people. Not including Astrid, I counted three girls and five boys.
"What's going on? Who are they?" asked a petite, skinny girl. Her black hair was tied back in a ponytail.
"Piss off, Sterling," Kai shot at her. She recoiled and backed up.
I felt threatened when he turned to look at me. "What's your name?"
"Eden," Astrid answered for me. "And that's his sister Rebecka."
"Did I ask you?" He spat at her. She glared right back at him but he ignored her. I was surprised that she stood up to a bastard like him. I felt like fighting back, but to be accepted, I had to play nice.
"Hi, my name's Eden."
"I'm aware of your name."
"Kai," Skylar scorned him.
"Fine," Kai threw his hands up. "If you're going to join, you're going to need to work. What can you offer us?"
Well, that was surprisingly simple.
"We'll help you collect supplies, take watch, whatever other type of help you need," Rebecka suggested.
He looked her through, head to toe. He nodded like he seemed to trust that she would do some work. "First, give us what you've got."
I took the bag off my shoulders and threw it at him. Rebecka did the same. He gave the bags to a tall guy with visible muscles, a sharp jawline, and blonde hair, pushed back and covered with a black cap.
"Take these back to the supply room, Joel."
Joel grabbed the bags from Kai and strode to put them away.
"Well, Rebecka and Eden," Kai managed a smile. "Welcome."
Like, vote and comment on how you're liking the story so far!!!