
Once again, I'm really sorry for the cursing. And WARNING, this chapter might get kind of gory... hehe. Actually, VERY gory. Enjoy.
Eden's POV
"Shit just got real," A guy chuckled. The voice came from behind a large file cabinet, and I could see him smile in the most mischievous way. Mind him, I was terrified!
When Rebecka and I were on our own, it had been easier and obvious to escape at times like these. That was certainly not an option with us 11 people altogether. Guess I still had that frightened 10 year old heart somewhere inside me.
The group on the roof was absolutely silent. Good for them. Luckily, none of our members were hiding under the one desk in the corner. Guess that wraps up how smart they really are. If the attackers were to come up here and sought us out, the one under the desk would surely die first with no means of escape.
There were five people in our group, if I could name all of them. Me, Rebecka, Sterling, maybe the name was Jenn? And the other guy that was laughing I presume might be Finn.
Even with my keen hearing, I could barely make out the orders of the Eli guy Joel had mentioned. But I could definitely tell that they were getting closer. Oh, Rebecka, what have I gotten us into?
I turned to the direction of my sister. She crouched behind a humungous copy machine and caught contact with my eyes. Giving me one encouraging look, she turned away again to concentrate. I turned back as well, trying to hide better behind the divider panel.
My body seemed to grow sore and I tensed up as the shouts became louder. I locked and readied my Pistol 9mm just in case. But I decided to go with my handy machete so the noise didn't attract any of those government fuckers.
My heart leaped a little when I saw the first incomer. I didn't think he was Eli, though still a powerful figure in his group. We waited like we had planned after Kai's group had left. Waited for the guy to come closer to one of us so we could silently take him out.
But another came popping out right behind him. Oookay? Not the perfect image of what we had planned, but still expected. Then a girl came out right behind. No, no, no. If this kept up, not all of us were going to get out alive.
In total, 5 of them had come up before the rush stopped. They split up and roamed the office spaces individually. Bad move, I thought. One approached my area, toward the left corner. Unfortunately, no one else in my group was in this area. All by myself to take out one scrawny, weak looking guy.
He held a baseball bat in his hands, trembling. He took the smallest steps as he approached the panel.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" I whipped my head around to briefly see that Jenn had jabbed her dagger into the bulky looking man's stomach. I looked back at the whimsy looking guy, who was still distracted. Holding a breath, I went in for it.
My grip on the machete tightened as I slit his throat with one sly move. I winced as he crumpled to the ground. Words couldn't describe how fast my heart was beating at that moment. I ha killed plenty of government guys before, but never have I ended the life of one of us.
2 down 3 to go. But that quickly changed as I saw more people come up, reacting to the man's scream. From the corner of my eyes, I observed Sterling throw a knife at the woman. It hit her square in the chest and I turned away from the bloody sight.
A large mob had reached this floor. No. It couldn't be. 10 more people?! I saw a muscular looking guy charge me. He swung his blade at my head, but it was clumsy and easily avoidable. Ducking, I slit his legs with my machete, and on contact, he crumpled to the ground. His weapon clattered out of his hands and I snatched it, driving it into the man's back. He flopped around madly, then just stopped. Just when I thought I could take just an abrupt breath, a dangerous, tough looking woman barreled into me, sending over to the ground.