
I am so sorry I didn't upload in forever. I had a serious case of writer's block. Thanks for your patience, however! After this chapter, I have a pretty good idea of what'll happen so the updates won't get this ugly. So here's a BIG FAT LONG chapter for the long wait.
Also, there will be some gore in this chapter (again). Just a warning but you guys are used to it by now :)
Astrid's POV
I knew that surrounding myself with Jenn would be a problem. However, I had no choice. Jenn and Alfie really did work well together, in terms of combat. Of course, I could've asked Eden or Kai to come, but I understood that Jenn was more skilled in melee fighting.
Hopefully, Dawn was okay. When we got back to the lobby, she was safe with Keegan in her arms.
Jenn and Alfie stood open mouthed beside me. Dawn didn't bother to look up. I could tell she was crying.
Keegan was dead.
The three of us stood in the entrance, looking down patiently and mournfully. We stood there in silence, waiting for Dawn to recollect herself.
"He was like a dad to me," she murmured after a while. I understood how she felt. It was hard losing Joel and even Carter because they were both like brothers to me. It would be even harder losing Bryce, because he was to me what Keegan was to Dawn. A dad. An ally. A friend.
We stood there for the longest moment, waiting for Dawn to grieve over Keegan's death.
"I want to bury him," she sniffled, gently laying Keegan's head down from her lap and onto the ground.
"Sure," I reassured. "Just say where."
"The garden outside. He loved that place."
Jenn and Alfie didn't complain. The garden was secluded in the trees so that it'd be safe enough to dig Keegan's grave as long as people were keeping watch and we remained quiet. All three of us knew Dawn was too weak to do anything. Jenn rendezvoused to the living quarters to pick up some white sheets while Alfie and I headed out to dig up the grave.
We insisted Dawn stay inside but she persisted that she keep watch while we dug. Alfie headed out first. We looked around the area and once we deemed it clear, Dawn came out with a shovel. She handed it to Alfie and he began to shovel up a grave. It was fairly simple because the soil in the garden was loose from all of the past cultivating.
While he did that, I worked on binding two, wide sticks together to form a cross-like figure. I pulled out my hunting knife to carve into the wood, "In memory of Keegan."
Every once in a while, I looked up at Dawn. She was sitting down on a log, looking off into the forest. Her eyes looked clouded, as if she were lost in thought. Then, my eyes shifted to a moving figure by a wall of vines hanging from a tree.
"The shroud's prepared," Jenn said, keeping her voice low.
We headed back inside, only to see that she had wrapped Keegan's body neatly in the cloth. Jenn and I picked the heavy corpse up and carefully sent it up the entrance to Alfie. From there, he and Dawn transferred the body to the completely dug up grave.
A crimson stain was already surfacing on the white sheet, but even that wasn't unsettling. After all of the crap I had already been through, I felt like whatever was causing all of this was just prolonging. Enough already.
Screw the government. Screw the men who deliberately follow Eli's lead.
Alfie picked the shovel back up and started to refill the ditch with soil.