
Sorry for the long wait! I had a case of writer's block, but its up now so enjoy!
Finn's POV
2 days on the road, and we were only halfway there. I tried to stay independent from the group to think about what had happened. Although the scratch above my eye and knee were doing ok, my sides from time to time stung.
When that woman had attacked me from behind, and the world felt like spinning to a stop, I'd caught a glimpse of my rescuer's face. Deep, turquoise eyes that Jenn certainly did not have. Maybe I was hallucinating. Maybe that was all. Maybe I was trying to deny it was Jenn, forcing myself to create images unlike her. But that was wrong. We were a happy couple, right?
These jumbling thoughts roamed my brain and I frowned, looking at the ground as I walked.
And then I felt a hand catch my shoulder. Being abruptly interrupted like this made me literally jump.
"Chill out, Finn. It's just me, Alfie."
I looked at his violet eyes, gave him a nasty glare, and turned away. He caught up by my side, chuckling, but in my opinion, giggling like a little schoolgirl. We walked silently, side-by-side, and the awkwardness reminded me of the walk with Sterling.
"What's wrong with you?" Alfie asked, straightforward and cheerful.
I shook my head and brushed him off. "Why would you think something was wrong?"
He scoffed, as if I was a college student asking how to spell "Hi".
If you hadn't noticed already, I was becoming quite annoyed of Alfie. So I started speeding up. He seemed to notice and kept away, and I was thankful.
As I squinted to keep the sun, as well as my own sweat out of my eyes, I noticed a figure, not so much like a human, speeding towards us at a great rapidity.
"What is-" I started. But I didn't need to finish my sentence to realize what it really was. The jeep didn't seem to be slowing down. "Watch out!" I called.
It took everyone a moment to interpret it was a Jeep as well, but they broke apart to the side of the road before the vehicle zoomed in front of us. I became high on alert when they pressed the brakes. The questions running through my mind were plentiful. Where did they get a jeep? Who was in that car? Were they a threat?
I couldn't see the rest of our group on the other side of the road; Kai, Skylar, Eden, and Rebecka. The driver stirred from his seat and opened the door. Same went for the woman in the passenger's seat. I noticed some other people in the back, but they didn't leave the car.
"Where's your leader?" the man asked me. He looked intimidating with his piercing blue eyes and monstrous stubble. The woman had the same features as the man, same dark hair, same blue eyes, same angular face, so I concluded that they were siblings.
For a minute there, I just stood there, glaring at the two. "Why would I tell you that?"
"I need to talk to a man here. Not a little boy."
He was frustrating me, but I would not give out any information. "Why don't you see what I can do with my fist before calling me a little boy, grandpa?"
The woman began to step up but her brother restrained her with a halt of his hand. "I don't want harm here, boy. Tell me who your leader is and we can discuss."
"Go burn in hell," I snapped. He looked about ready to punch me when Kai and the rest came around from the back of the jeep.
Kai had this look on his face, enraged and confused. "What's going on here?"