
Astrid's POV
An eerie silence blanketed the building. It was strange because it probably meant the fighting was over. As I ascended, I began to pick up speed. I drew in a breath and armed myself with a knife, approaching the next floor. This is it.
Change of plans. I didn't really need the knife. Everything was silent, except for the moaning and fading of dying bodies.
It all came as a cold touch of metal to my throat. I jumped back and felt blood trickle out of the slight scar. The man looked delusional. Messed hair, wild eyes and blood drying all over him.
I rolled away as he thrusted the knife towards my face. The shallow, almost paper cut like wound stung when cold air built up on it.
As I panicked away, I could see Sterling jump from behind and tackle a knife into the man's neck. Like the rest, he dropped to the ground, struggling for breath. Kai and Skylar arose from behind her, looking panicked.
"Thank god. Come help," Skylar pleaded with a desperate look on her face. She stepped aside and toward a desk. Joel had that same lifeless look, struggling for breath. I noticed the wound right over where his intestines should be.
"Oh my gosh," I gasped. I took a few moments to take in what was going on and then I immediately got to work. I roughly tugged all of the drawers and cabinets open, hoping for some kind of first aid kid.
Bingo. It wasn't much, but the shelf held spare clothes tucked messily into a knapsack. I grabbed the first shirt my eye caught and returned to Joel.
Right.
So Bryce taught me to put pressure onto wounds like these. Everyone stepped aside so I could tightly wrap the fabric around his stomach. Joel seemed so weak and groaned in pain when I pressed down on his wound with more cloth.
It was like that for a while. Everyone silent. Even while I was in combat, I don't think my heart had ever beaten this fast.
"Please, please stay with me, Joel," I murmured. But the truth was, I didn't actually think he'd make it. He'd lost too much blood. His gently fluttering eyes soon came to a stop, like an old record. As soon as his breathing stilled, I dropped to the ground. The fresh blood on my hands coated the dried layers beneath.
Tears fell openly from my eyes. Never in a million years had I expected this. Of course, death was unexpecting, but I'd always thought it'd be someone like me, Sterling, or Bryce, the "less capable." And I had been unable to save Joel. What good did Bryce's training serve if I couldn't save my friend's life.
Eden barged into the room, beginning to question what was happening. He soon saw the deceased body of Joel and fell silent.
Kai broke the peace, with harshly scowling, "Those bastards. They escaped through the emergency door. We eliminated most, but there's still a whole bunch of them. Maybe 5 or 6."
He turned around to face Eden. "The rest?"
"They're all down in a diner. Rebecka and Finn are injured, but they'll be fine."
I sighed in relief. Maybe I hadn't been able to rescue Joel today, but I'm glad I was able to save Finn.
We all knew Kai was going to say his final goodbyes to Joel when he told all of us to head down with the rest. He and Skylar, Joel's best friends, needed some time to grieve over their lost companion.
I almost gagged as I passed mounds of rotting bodies and spilled blood. After maneuvering my way down the stairs, I stopped at our base, trying to salvage our supplies. The supply room had a nice, musty smell, and I noticed how full it was. Suddenly, what had seemed so limited now looked overwhelming to carry.