
I left my bag by the propane stoves and fished out of it a brush. My hairband took forever to take out of my hair, so I just cut it with my knife. At this point, the entirety of my hair was up in a weird shape, having been held up for two weeks now. There was dirt streaking the top and it felt terribly itchy.
With a brush in hand, I began to stroke through my hair. It caught immediately and I couldn't take it out. As I attempted to yank it out of my tangled hair, my stress and impatience only grew.
"Screw this," I murmured. I left the brush to hang in the knotted strands and approached my bag- and pulled out a knife.
I looked at the pool of water for a reflection, and ever so carefully sliced my hair right at its roots. The scalp area hurt from the pulling and I was ever so careful not to cut my skin.
I watched the hair fall to the slippery rock, and I was careful not to cut it over the pool.
My hair had used to come down to my back. Now it was just a little over my ear.
When I was done, I gathered the remnants in my hands and trudged off to go dispose them. My scalp still felt as disgusting as ever, and the small strands of hair felt dirty and greasy.
When I had returned to the bathroom, I scooped water in a tub and found the box of soap. It had a fresh scent of cardboard and something else I couldn't describe. The oval shaped bar had a dove cut out on its surface.
I hadn't seen a dove ever since I'd been in this suffocating, underground tunnel. Or any other bird for that matter.
With the soap in hand, I climbed into the tub. The water was shocking against my bare skin and I took deep breaths as I lowered myself into it. I swished the bar around the water and the water became foggy and bubbly.
From there, I scrubbed my skin- all of the dirt and grime. Once I felt like my body had enough pampering, I clambered out and began scrubbing soap all throughout my head.
I took a bucket, filled some water in it, and slowly poured it out on my head. It rolled down, rinsing the soap out of my hair.
And when I was done, I was shivering. I tried to stay under the little beam of sun coming in from the roof of the cave whilst drying off. Beforehand, Dawn had lent me some baggy work jeans and a thermal track jacket. When I had them on, I headed towards the meeting room.
My head felt so...weird now. So light.
When I got to the meeting room, something felt wrong. Everyone there, which only consisted of our group members and Dawn, had grave looks on their faces.
I cleared my throat and they looked up. Sterling's jaw dropped open, Alfie gasped, and the rest remained silent, staring.
"What the hell did you do to your hair?" asked Jenn.
Did I really look that weird?
"Uh, I cut it.."
"Why would you do that?" she gasped.
"Umm-"
Sterling cut in with a loud, "Jenn, let's leave Astrid's hair alone and get back to the point."
She rolled her eyes and spun around on her chair. I sat right by Sterling and focused on Dawn.
"This morning," she began, "I was patrolling with Skylar when she spotted something. Apparently there's this guy named Eli?"
Several people, including Kai and Bryce, gasped.
"What about Eli?" Kai demanded.