
I was about to open my mouth to explain when the stranger beat me to it. "I want to see your leader."
"Well here I am," he replied. "What do you want with us?"
"If you all are heading North, don't."
The whole group was observing him with rather wide eyes of curiosity, or menacing glares. "Why?" Kai inquired.
"I'm coming from Oregon, from a group."
This time it was Skylar talking. "Which group?"
"It was pretty built up, lots of food and really solitude. Some lady named Dawn owns the group."
Skylar did her best to hold the surprise in, but our group, who knew her well, knew the emotion behind the lies. "Why'd you leave it?"
He merely shrugged, as if hiding something of his own.
"Well as a matter of fact," Kai said, "We are heading North."
"I guess its best if we part ways, then."
There was an awkward silence before they hopped into the jeep and started off again. We watched the vehicle until it was out of sight.
"Dawn is my cousin that we're going to." Skylar trembled. "What happened up there? I can't believe we let those people go!"
Kai rubbed her shoulders and gave her some reassurance. "I guess we'll have to go figure out then, huh?"
Despite her disappointment, she nodded. She and Kai lead, and everyone else followed in whispers and curiosity.
Eden's POV
Now, I was even more uncertain of going to Oregon. Rebecka and I looked at each other with wide eyes. I whispered to her, "Are you sure we shouldn't just split from the group and fend for ourselves?"
"Are you out of your mind? They've got more information on what's going on, where the government is advancing to next. Maybe they've even got boats up at Oregon. I don't know about you, but I'm willing to take the chance. Besides, they've got more people capable then just the two of us."
She was right. The "boat" part really convinced me. Whatever I could do to leave this broken country, I'd do. I thought about what would happen if we were actually to sail away. I'd studied about countries in Asia, about their geography, history. But I knew little about what was going on there as of today. It wasn't just America having issues, after all.
The desert-like scenery slowly changed, with more trees appearing and soil more moist. We knew we were in Oregon, having passed the "Welcome to Oregon!" sign a mile ago. The more the atmosphere filled its blank pages with trees, the less tiring it became. It was nice to have shade, and even nicer than that was the fresh, foresty smell. Although the people of the West had fled, I'm glad the wildlife was ok. That probably wouldn't last very long either. As soon as the Eastern people moved in, they would probably cut all of the forests down for their ginormous and unnecessary mansions.
I heard a woodpecker, and ruffling of leaves. If I just closed my eyes and ignored the side conversations, it was almost like none of this had happened. As if I was lying around with my whole family, even my dad, on trips to the park. Wouldn't that just be awesome?
But reality wasn't awesome, or leniant. Kai later told us we were almost there, and although the moon was up and everyone was tired, there was no point in camping with this little distance remaining. I heard the roaring of water up ahead and noticed Skylar's face brightening, her frown fixing itself, and the worry lines of her face fading. So this must be it. Up ahead lay our future.