
Astrid's POV
Come on Finn. I could feel him stumble in every step he took. His breaths were short and unsteady. He had been cut in the knee, above the eye, and stabbed on the side. I'd never known how heavy he was.
Just imagining what it would be like if he... Finn let out a moan, and I turned my gaze towards his wound on the side, trying to see if the blood was coming out too rapidly. Please stay with me Finn, I pleaded. For Jenn, at least.
I could remember it happening. A short woman, who looked rather weak had come charging at Finn. I hadn't paid much attention because I knew he could probably manage. But the moment I turned away, I heard him screaming and scowling.
The girl had attempted to stab him but missed and caught the flesh above his eye. As he was distracted, she threw another blow to his side, below his ribs. He groaned, and I broke out of my shock mode to rescue him.
She tried to stab his heart once again, but he dodged and the knife slit across his knee instead. That was when I snuck up behind her and dug the dagger deep into her back. She fell and howled in pain.
Leaving her to suffer, I propped Finn up and walked him out of the building. I had seen Eden helping Rebecka out first, and then saw Bryce and Alfie retreating with a frail guy. Now, it was our turn to leave.
Escape was easy because someone had cleared the path, object wise and enemy wise. The hazy sunlight blinded my face, but I could make out everyone at a small diner across the street. Through its window, I noticed that Bryce was bandaging up Rebecka's wound.
"We need help here Bryce!" I yelled as I approached the diner. I felt the heavy weight on my shoulder grow heavier, and Finn slipped out of my arms and onto the ground. "Bryce!" That finally seemed to catch his attention as he came running to us. Alfie came running right behind him like some bodyguard, but Eden remained with his sister.
It seemed forever since Bryce arrived. He had his medical bag already because of Rebecka. All sorts of goods poured out of the bag messily as Bryce opened it. He fished around for some antibacterial ointments to prevent infections. It seemed like wierd goo.
He applied it quickly and wrapped bandage around it before more blood could escape. Finn kept his eyes closed an his breathing shallow.
"Get him inside and make him drink some water," Bryce sighed. "I'll wait for the rest."
I didn't even hesitate to help Finn inside. My stomach was bubbling and my face was flushed, but I had been in situations with him like this where he had required my help. I wasn't completely embarassed to be practically hugging him.
"Oh my god, Finn?!" someone yelled from behind me. Honey brown hair, slim body, and a wonderful fighter. Yup; it was Jenn, the one and only. The same feeling that I had felt back at our past camp arose. "Here, Astrid. Let me take over."
"Oh," I stuttered. "Oh... yeah, ok." I backed out slowly, trembling, as if I were giving my puppy to an unexperienced person to hold. She managed, and brought him under the diner's cool shady inside faster than I ever could. That was the one thing, though. If it was any other girl were to be in a relationship with Finn, I would feel uneasy about it because no one else could be as responsible, strong, and task-fulfilling as Jenn could.
"Thank the Lord," I whispered under my heavy breathing. Gosh, it was so hot out here. An estimated temperature of probably somewhere in the 100's convinced me to follow after Jenn inside. Something inside of me melted when I saw Rebecka slowly waking up.
"Oh god, Rebecka?" said Eden, reaching his arms out to embrace his sister. She seemed shocked by the scenario of the room. Eden's hug was so careful and light, she showed no sign of flinching whatsoever. In the short time I'd known her, my senses came to the conclusion that we would be well bonding. She sat awkwardly on the booth. Meanwhile, Jenn had set Finn down on the counter where you normally ordered your food. There was no sight of her, but I assumed she had gone in the kitchen to pick up some water.