
"Oh my god," Alfie gasped.
There were bullet rounds throughout his whole body and he bled out through the night.
"Guys, come on," Alfie ordered. He grabbed both of our hands and rampaged downstairs.
"Come on!" Finn screamed. "Its ready!" We ran straight into that dark corridor and Finn pulled a bookcase over it, concealing the tunnel.
Jenn turned on her flashlight and we kept running. Stopped for nothing.
When we found our way out of the tunnel, we were at a whole new place. A barn in the middle of nowhere. And it was morning. In the end, we did find a highway and even a whole new city, where eventually, we met the rest. However, that's a completely different story.
"I'm so sorry. But why would you be having those dreams now?" I asked.
"It's stupid," Sterling laughed. "To be honest, I just need to hear about Finn. When did you start liking him and why tell me today of all days?"
"I've liked him before you started liking..."
"I know what you mean," she cut me off.
"And I decided to tell you today because something happened."
She seemed genuinely interested, and I was very glad. Recently, Sterling had been hard to talk to because of her lack of focus. "Jenn approached me today."
Sterling slapped her forehead. "I'm so stupid! Of course you don't want to make things complicated; Jenn is there!"
"Exactly. And so she approached me and asked me to lie to Finn to save their relationship."
She smiled mischievously. "Then don't lie. Tell him the truth, whatever the truth may be."
"I'm not evil like you, Ster, you know?"
She laughed. It had been forever since I've heard that laugh.
"I've got a whole list of demonic advice if you need it. Just for you."
"Gee, thanks."
And that's how it went like for the next week. Making breakfast, having chats with Sterling, and encountering awkward interactions with Jenn and Finn.
But I still hadn't discovered all of the wonders of the whole cave system. Apart from everything I'd seen already, I'd only found out about the gigantic meeting room, the hospital area, and the extra two exits.
One was located in an area that stemmed off of the meeting room. This seemed to be the "main entrance and exit," because the whole room looked like it was some lobby. The door was slightly bigger than the one I had entered from; instead of a large crack where you could slip into the tunnel, it was a hollowed tree trunk with all kinds of shrubbery in front of it for concealment.
Nontheless, there was also an emergency exit, right in the wall of our supply closet. I hadn't seen it before because there had been a shelf in front of it, but one day, Howard introduced it to me. He told me it had previously been a deep snake hole. Luckily, it was empty, and that's when Dawn and Keegan had people dig the hole out to make an emergency escape.
Today was particularly special. It was the first day I'd be having a meeting here, and the day I'd first be having a bath in a while. I decided to take the bath first to look relatively nice in front of everyone.
I stood in front of the pool of water, wondering what to do first. It was still summer; surely the water would be okay cold.