
Quick Review: Eden just met new people, names are- Astrid, Kai (the obnoxious leader), Skylar, Sterling, and Joel. There are others as well who you'll meet in this chapter.
Astrid's POV
~Chapter 5~
Kai had lead Eden and Rebecka off to introduce them to our weapons room. Skylar had went to handle and sort the new supplies with Joel. Sterling had seemed pretty upset by Kai's sudden remark, so I went to comfort her.
"Hey, Sterling."
Without looking up, she replied 'hey'.
"Sterling, you ok?" Finn's voice came from behind me.
He and Alfie approached us. Those two were like brothers. Alfie was eighteen already, I could perfectly imagine his chubby figure when he was twelve. He'd cut away his shaggy, frosted brown hair and combed it back. He'd become bulkier and all the baby fat became into more prominent features.
Finn was not yet eighteen, but he was as tall as Alfie. Finn had the same black hair color as Sterling, being her brother, but it was the same style as Alfie's. Like I said, they were practically brothers. But compared to Alfie's dull violet eyes, Finn's caribbean green eyes mesmerized me. That probably explained my feelings for him.
"Fine," Sterling blinked at them.
Finn and Alfie turned to me. "How was your little trip, Astrid?" Finn grinned. When I said it was fine, they patted my back, rubbed my head and laughed. All these years, I'd been a little sister they had to protect.
When it first came out on the news that this murderous era would come, I ran away from my orphanage to run into Alfie, who had escaped his boarding school he had been forced to go to. We ran into Finn and Sterling the next month while looking around for winter coats. Slowly, each member piled on throughout the next seven years.
I had no intention of blushing, but my heart fluttered just a little. "Astrid," Jenn approached me. My heart stopped fluttering. Jenn went right in her spot, wrapped around Finn's arms. This was the explanation of why I couldn't confess my feelings. Because if it were to destroy or even touch their relationship in any single way, I would feel wholesomely responsible and guilty. Finn rubbed Jenn's beautiful, silky, honey brown hair.
"I'm going to see if I can get our new members a room," I claimed, turning away from the image.
"Wait," Alfie interrupted. "I'm just warning you, to not do that from now on. It's not safe to bring in anymore people than we already have. You could've been killed-"
"Yeah, I know what's for my own good, Alfie. I'll take care of myself, thank you very much," I interrupted, storming out of the room afterward. I didn't know what came over me. Maybe it was that day after day, I was treated nothing more than merely a child doing petty work.
I had only just turned sixteen. Jenn was seventeen, Finn almost eighteen, and Alfie already eighteen. They really knew how to make someone younger feel mistreated. I know I was only over reacting to this, but how would you feel if this whole group of people only one or two years older than you kept on rubbing your head and looking down on you? I only really had Sterling. We'd relied on each other for who knows how long.
When I found Kai, he had shown Eden and Rebecka to their room. There were two blue couches, a coffee table, and a simple lamp. Kai was telling Rebecka about our escape routes and other safety precautions we took. Rebecka looked up and waved at me, smiling. Eden looked up at me with his deep gray eyes. I hadn't seen him smile at me ever since I met him. It was a shame, those elegant lips and bright gray eyes would look better happier and open to people than distrusting all of the time.