
Sterling's POV
Astrid had been weird last night. I didn't quite know, but there was something about her attitude. Currently, I was slipping on some clean socks. The jacket I had been wearing was so unkempt and worn, I resorted to a black hoodie and some sort of stretchy, black, leather pants that I'd found. I was ungrateful for my jet black, messy hair. Maybe I should just shave it off. Then hard-to-come-by showers wouldn't be as necessary.
But then again, I'd keep at least some womanly dignities before I died. I'd just keep it up in its ponytail and everything would be fine.
They'd left carrying blankets up to me, because I was the weakest and blankets were the lightest. In result, my limbs were not that throbbing. But the relatively capable looking people, for example Eden, had to carry cans of food. And Kai had to lug around bottles of water.
We opened up cans of peaches, strawberries, and mandarin oranges for breakfast. It was pretty depressing, all of us gathered up in the lobby in a circle, passing along the cans after we'd taken several chunks from each can. Afterwards, Kai had us scout the small town for useful supplies.
I scouted a small 7/11. There wasn't much, with the fridges broken down and shelves looted. I managed to find some beef jerky, lighters, only two bottles of water, and Kleenex tissues, in tiny packages.
The door squeaked open, allowing fresh April air into the store.
"Hey bro," I said, shoving the items into my bag.
"Hey Sterling," Finn replied, giving little notice to me. "You done here?"
I zipped up the bag and nodded. "Yeah, let's go."
We walked side by side, back to the hotel we were supposed to meet up at.
I cleared my throat, breaking the silence. "So how are your injuries doing?"
"It's fine." It seemed he didn't want to go into much detail. Typical of him. After that followed an even longer phase of silence.
This time, it was him breaking the silence. "You need help carrying that?"
I just scoffed. "I should be asking you that. After all, I'm the capable one here, not you."
He scowled, "My injuries are nothing."
The corners of my lips played into a smile, and I said while holding my hands together in prayer, "God, please forgive me. I've mistaken your powerfulness."
Finn shoved me, in a playful manner, and I observed the slight smile that danced on his face before it went away again.
We rounded the corner, and the gloominess of this street set the mood for what Finn would say next.
"I don't think it was Jenn."
"What?" I raised an eyebrow while testing his straight face. Didn't he remember how to start sentences?
"I don't think it was Jenn who saved me from that building, even though she told me she did."
"Oh," was all I could say. Despite the awkwardness of the topic, I still wanted to hear more about it. After all, that's what siblings did, right? But like his usual self, he ended it there, never carrying on his theories and matters.
Our strides got quicker and quicker until we finally entered the building. Kai was already there, waiting for us. As were Bryce, Rebecka, and Alfie who must've all gotten there sooner. Combined, they'd looted a whole bag full of canned fruits and veggies, dried meats, and packages of beans and rice.
Soon, everyone else was filing in, and we began to distribute. This time, I wouldn't just be holding blankets and pillows. They'd given me a knapsack full of dried meats and fruits. Not heavy at all, again. I'd accepted the luggage with a glum face. How weak did they think I was? Didn't they remember the time I'd beat Finn to an arm wrestling challenge? Clearly not.
And so began the ever so long journey Northward towards Oregon.
Ok so that chapter only makes about 600 words, but I felt like if I delayed this chapter any longer, I'd lose readers T_T and also Sterling doesn't have a MAJOR role, still big though. Leave a Like, Comment, and Follow please!