
They all looked frightened to death. One was a little girl, with ashy white hair swept back in a braid. Beside her were two boys, one who didn't seem much older than her, probably 8. The other one was the youngest one, with facial features still soft and plump. He was probably only four or so.
"What are you guys doing here?" Sterling whispered softly, her tone sweet.
They just blinked their innocent eyes back.
"Don't worry guys," I said. "We were just scared that you were the bad guys out to get us."
Although the girl and younger boy still remained motionless, the older one mustered the courage to speak up.
"We- we were just going on a bug hunt. I found these really cool glow worms and we were gonna catch some.."
"That's super cool!" Sterling smiled. "But right now, some bad guys are out to get us, so we have to go. Ok?"
The three of them nodded in sync and I would have laughed if it weren't for the severe circumstances.
I offered to carry the younger boy, explaining that it would get us to the meeting room faster. The two children seemed all right with it but whenever I tried to pick him up, he would just squirm and kick.
We just decided to let the boy and girl hold the toddler's hand. I'd be running behind them, Sterling in front. Our tenuous footsteps resonated little noise throughout the cave, however I felt like even that would be enough to attract an intruder.
As we passed by different entrances and openings, Sterling and I stopped and examined the area briefly before moving on.
***
We reached the meeting room, letting the kids run to their parents. Soon after, we were told to look around the other section of the cave. Sterling and I walked close together towards the small infirmary which was located near the kitchens.
Suddenly, I became very nervous. What if they had not fully closed up the entrances? What if the attackers were already in the cave, waiting to pounce...
"Stupid," I murmured to myself.
"What?" She looked at me, offended. Immediately, I felt sorry for saying my silly thoughts out loud.
"Just talking to myself," I stuttered. "You're fine, really."
"That's good."
"Yep."
And so prolonged the deep silence. That sinister, unpromising silence.
I felt uncomfortable while walking, heat swelling gradually beneath the clothed areas of my body. Particularly my back. It itched, too, but I didn't want to look like a maniac scratching the itch away, so I just pressed a thumb down on it, applying pressure and hoping the irritating sensation would go away.
Then, ahead of me in the dark, I spotted an abrupt flash of light.
Now, my body was really hot. The itching was prodding at me more than ever. My feet came to a stop. Sterling looked at me strangely.
"Why'd you stop?" she questioned, with an eyebrow up. I pulled on her arm and when she was close enough, whispered in her ear.
"There's something in the dark ahead of us. I just saw the reflection of light on a mirror or something."
I felt her stiffen near me. "Or a blade..."
Suddenly, the light reappeared, bobbing closer and closer to us. I detected the outline of a body.