
Excuse my typos and grammar mistakes and I might use some curse words so I'm sorry, I don't usually curse. :)
Chapter 2
I stood still. Not quite being able to take in what Rebecka had told me. Betrayal by my father at first, now man-slaughter? The only think I knew to do was panic.
"So, we're gonna die?" I asked.
"Don't talk like that!" Becka scolded me.
"I'm just saying there's no opportunity to leave. They've blocked up the eastern border, and they're coming in from there. We can't go to Mexico, there are agents and spies working for the U.S. lurking around there. And Canada, well you know. U.S. soldiers there too."
She stood in thought and her face lit up like it always did when she had an idea.
"You know, we could always go into hiding until this whole thing blows over. The whole idea is inhumane. They must realize that soon."
"Or we could take mom; sneak our way around them!" I suggested.
"Oh, Eden," Rebecka laughed, as if I were some crazy 5 year old dreaming of being superman. "It's the Army we're talking about. And you think we can get past that?"
"Fine," I shrugged her words off. "But let's go home. Get mom and make a plan."
She agreed with that obvious decision and we raced back to our cramped little apartment. Becka pulled the house keys out of her jean pocket and practically slammed them in the keyhole.
"Mom?" she called.
Our dear mother was lying on our couch. Blankets wrapped her like a snake, and it didn't look very comfortable either.
"Sweetie?" Cough, cough. "Why are you back so early? What time is it?"
"Mom, Eden's here."
"Why?" My mother groaned, struggling to sit up. "Eden, honey, why aren't you at school?"
Rebecka nudged me and I explained the whole thing to her.
"What do we do?" I couldn't believe how calm she sounded. She probably was frightened, but she always had a way of masking her fear, her joy, her sorrow.
"For once, you're clueless Rebecka," I sighed. "Why don't we hide out towards the beach and make a boat?"
"Won't work," Rebecka disapproved. "Other civilians are becoming desperate. If they see us, they'll do whatever they can to get to it. Track us down, shoot us. And the army will already be here by then. Even if we make a boat, it's not like we're engineers. We'd drown before we got all the way across the Pacific without a real boat."
"What else do we do then?" I challenged her. She dumbfoundly shrugged.
"I say," declared my mom. "We find other people. Like Mr. Flynn, that nice man across the street?"
"Or what about we look around for people who have already grouped up?" I suggested.
Rebecka immediately agreed. "Mom, stay here. We'll be back."
I felt atrocious leaving her alone again. In this junkyard. Milk carton still out. Stacks of dirty dishes in the sink. Blankets thrown in one corner. Laundry cascaded out of its basket, overfilled just like the citizens of the United States. There was a mountain of books and papers on the only desk we had. Mom's pills lay scattered on the counter.
The door shut harshly. My sister pulled the sleeves of her plaid flannel shirt up and retied the laces on her dark mahogany combat boots. She brushed through her coffee brown hair, the shade identical to mine.