
Eden is back and I'm going to try to make it so that the point of views only switch from Astrid to Eden. I'm so sorry for the confusion before.
This chapter is pretty long, well, longer than my usual chapters! I hope you enjoy it!
Eden's POV
I sat in the washroom, leaning against the smooth wall and breathing in the cool air. That is, until I heard rapid footsteps outside of the room. Quickly, I got up and peered outside to the domed room.
I could only catch a glimpse of someone dashing into our living quarters. It could be Astrid, given the messy, chopped up, blonde hair. For a moment, I stood there in curiosity but my mind finally told me I should go find out why she was in such a rush.
I passed the boys' room and saw it was empty. When I arrived at the girls', I figured out why. Astrid had gathered all of us in one room. Her back was faced towards me, so I took that as my cue to silently slip in to our crowd.
"What's so urgent?" Kai inquired Astrid with his arms crossed.
"One of Eli's men attacked one of Dawn's civilians. He's dead now and the man is being treated for by Finn and Bryce but a second one got in. Keegan's down."
They were attacking now?! I had the sudden impulse to retrieve my luggage and flee, but I knew that was wrong and that it would just get me killed.
"So this is what I want you to do," Astrid said. She sounded so controlling, intelligent, different from the shy girl she usually was. "Kai and Skylar, you guys should go round up everyone into the meeting room, have the strong ones armed and guarding the entrance. Rebecka, go get Bryce and Finn in room 23. Meet us in the lobby."
She turned to me and suddenly, I felt my heart beat abnormally fast and stomach churn. I was nervous for my duty, no matter how boring it may be.
"Eden and Sterling, you guys go scan the entirety of the place. Make sure there's absolutely no one who's roaming around, especially kids."
I nodded, making eye contact with the black haired girl who I'd be working with.
"Jenn and Alfie, arm yourselves. You guys are following me."
And that was the last of us. Sterling nodded her head to cue our exit and we took off.
"You look into all of the rooms on the left side of the tunnel, I'll look right," she told me. I almost agreed to those terms before I realized that the boys' room was on the right. And I'd have to make a quick stop to collect the vial and documents.
"Actually, I'll do right, you do left."
She looked at me strangely, then shrugged her shoulders. "All right."
I sensed that my hands were cold and clammy. Sweat was already beading on the back of my neck and my forehead. From the corner of my eye, I saw the rest of the group speeding away. Quickly, I unclasped and opened my trunk. Stored away neatly was the vial and the bubbly, clear liquid inside of it.
I located a nearby handkerchief, wrapped it around the vial, and gently placed it in my pocket in which then I zipped up. Then, I took the documents, folded them up, and put them in my other pocket.
Sterling was already 4 rooms ahead when I began. Looking down the hallway, I counted about 20 rooms. For every room, I checked under the bunk beds, above the beds, and the corners of the rooms. By the time I got to my fourteenth room, Sterling was done and waiting for me at the end of the hallway. My cheeks burned up from embarrassment. She helped me out by scanning through the last two rooms I didn't get to.