
"Please wake up," the voice said.
Wake up... wake up... It was as if I had forgotten how to.
"You of all people can't leave. Please don't leave. Open your eyes, wake up."
I saw the world opening up around me. Alfie had his head hanging in misery above me and I noticed a window. A ceiling. Walls. That were actually flat and not composed of rocks.
"Where are we Alfie?" I mustered, realizing that my lips were chapped like crazy and my throat was dry.
His head went shooting up and I looked into the brotherly eyes that had been there for the majority of my ongoing life.
"Holy shit, you're okay. You're okay."
I was going to repeat my question, but I decided I should quench my thirst first.
"Water," I murmured. From the corner of my eyes, I watched as he scrambled out of his chair and to a table nearby to grab a bottle of water. He helped me sit up on the cot or bed or whatever I was laying on. I felt water trickle down my throat and the feeling was like heaven. After I felt like I was well enough to begin a conversation, I handed Alfie the water.
"Tell me where we are," I demanded.
"Not in the forest anymore."
"Where's that?"
He placed my water bottle on the carpeted floor- which was nice to see after weeks of dull limestone ground- and conjoined his hands together like some wise man. I almost laughed.
"We kept walking till we got to the highway. Then from there, we just kind of proceeded walking until we came across this small town."
"We.. we," I groaned, rubbing my eyes. "Wait Alfie, who survived?! Please tell me everyone is okay!"
"Calm down before you hurt yourself again," he scolded. "After you got attacked by that son of a gun, I shot him. Then, Rebecka, Finn, and Bryce came across us on the way to the lobby. Finn and Bryce took the kids out the lobby and gathered them outside. Rebecka and I got you out of there."
"And?" I urged him.
"So we got outside, and then Sterling and Eden ran into us. We all hid behind trees and whatnot and kept a lookout at the entrance. So out came Dawn, Skylar, and Kai with about a dozen civilians behind them, but they looked beat up as hell. It was a sad time for everyone, I mean, we had just lost more than half of our people."
"How long was I out for?"
"4 days."
I just groaned, sinking backwards into the bed.
"Honestly, Alfie. It was a cut across my freaking belly. Finn's been stabbed in the side and he was only unconscious for three hours."
"Hey, I don't get to decide when you're conscious or not," he said, with his hands up like he was surrendering.
"So where is everyone else then?"
"There are eight injured civilians and Skylar in a house across the street being treated to by Bryce and a couple of other volunteers. Everyone else is settled downstairs or in the basement."
"Why am I here then? Why not in the other house, I mean."
"Because Finn requested it," he explained. "He said it would be best if you healed separately away from the ruckus in the other place."
I'm not sure what I felt. Flattered? Touched that he was thoughtful towards me? I did feel anger, though. How dare he choose to keep me up here while Skylar and the rest were isolated in the other place? I'm not sure how Kai consented to this without Skylar being treated up here as well.