
The pot was kind of heavy, but compared to carrying a whole bag of heavy weapons all the way from California to Oregon, it was nothing.
I gave him the pot and in exchange, he gave me another to fill rainwater in. After slipping back on my rain jacket, I gladly took it out to the living room area, where this time, there were 3 children sitting around the fire, playing with each other. They looked at me and stared and whispered like all children do.
I sped up a little to remove myself from the awkward situation, making it all the way to the entrance without loosing footing or anything.
I set the pot down to pull the chain which would move the boulder. Turns out, even opening a simple door was harder than Howard had made it seem.
Darn you and your skills, Howard.
When I finally did manage to get it opened, I lifted the pot up and placed it onto the solid ground outside. From inside of the cave, I watched the drops fall into the pot.
Tap. Tap. Tap.
I waited like that for a while. Watching.
Then, I climbed up to the grassy ground and peered inside of the pot. It was only half full. I lumbered back down and waited.
And waited. And waited.
I repeated the same process and saw that the water was now about almost full, so I pulled the pot down with all of my might and set it on the bumpy ground, closing the door right after. This bucket of water was definitely heavier than the berries. I approached the main crossroad, but at the same time, Keegan and the rest of the boys emerged from the right tunnel.
"Hey guys," I smiled.
"I've got that," Kai offered.
"It's all right," Alfie butted in. "You're sore, Kai. I'll do it."
He pulled the bucket right from my hands effortlessly. "Lead the way," he told me.
"All right. Thanks." I trudged back to the kitchen, leading the bunch. Keegan was at the back of the crowd and Alfie was right behind me. When we approached the living room area, they looked around, amazed, just like I had been.
"So many books," Eden admired. I agreed with him.
We all squeezed through the tiny pathway to the kitchen. Howard had prepared all of the berries for washing. He told me that usually, the water collected is boiled and then purifyed through their water bottles with filters. However today, since we didn't have time to wait for all of the water to boil and cool, we were just going to filter it through the bottles.
Keegan had already taken the group to sit at one of the tables. I turned around and just now noticed how vast this kitchen was. On the other end of the room, there were about 4 rectangular folding tables with an assortment of random chairs pushed up to them.
"You want to wash the berries?" Howard asked me, tapping on my shoulder to ask for my attention.
"What?" I spun around. "Oh yeah. Of course."
I swished my hands around the cold water, feeling the berries crash against my skin. But I wasn't paying attention to that. I was looking at that group.
Alfie was demonstrating someting to the group. Everyone was patiently watching. But Eden's eyes were fixed on the wall beyond Alfie. Finn was looking down at his shoes.
They were thinking about something. Or perhaps nothing.