
She bared her teeth as she toppeled over me. I caught her wrist just as it was about to sink a blade into my face. The woman tried hard to bring it down. Man, was this one tough! I winced as she dug her fingernails into my grasp, demanding my hand to weaken, just for a bit so she could bring the blade down.
I gasped as the blade came close to my nose. With one great heave, I tried to push the woman off. She went stumbling back, but doing so managed to slice a light scar onto my cheek. I let out a scowl.
From behind her though, Rebecka came leaping in and tackled the girl to the ground. They both growled, trying to punch each other. I rushed to Rebecka's aid, pulling out a small knife to finish the girl. My sister grabbed the girl's hair and knocked her head back to the floor. She was dazed for a moment and that's when I drove the knife into her throat.
Choking blood, she came to a stop, and I couldn't have been more scared as I heard a shout across the room.
"That was my fucking wife! You bloody killed her!" He looked as if he were around his 40's, and angry as hell. He came barreling into me and caught his fist hard onto my face. I felt my nose crack under his ice cold fist. Heat from my nose bleed intercepted with the frost and a metaly (?) smell overwhelmed me as the liquid trickled into my mouth.
Agh, I scowled. I noticed Rebecka creeping up on him to stab him, but he turned around and saw her. Howling, he kicked her in the stomach and she went soaring back, crashing into a corner.
I was helpless. Getting up was a struggle, and the dude was beating me to Rebecka. Oh no. He pulled out a small blade and twirled it around, getting on his knees in front of Rebecka.
I let out desperate moans and pleas. They meant nothing to the man, and I watched in horror as he brought the knife down onto Rebecka's upper arm area. She cried out but managed not to cry. My fearless sister; I had to help her.
As silently as I could, I picked up my machete and snuck up on him as he lifted the knife for a finishing blow. I swung the machete at his leg before he could do so. An agonizing scream was let out and he crumpled.
I began to pick Rebecka up from the ground, wiping the dripping blood from my nose and cheek. She was taking small puffs of air, her forehead was beaded with sweat, and she kept on murmuring something.
"Eden!" My eyes trailed to the source of the voice; Kai. "Go and help Skylar!"
Jeez. Did he not see me carrying my injured sister? Skylar was facing a rather bulky looking guy, one that looked manageable yet still overwhelming to defeat. Surely she wouldn't need my help, right?
Ok, now I was sounding like a selfish, two-timing asshole. Rethinking my options, I decided to help Skylar. But as I approached her, she took a glimpse of me and mouthed, go away.
"No, you need help!" I replied, screaming. Way to go, Eden. Attract more Buggers while you're at it, eh?
Side stepping as the guy brought his club down, Skylar just yelled back, "If I'm not mistaken, Rebecka looks seriously injured. It'll be on me if she or you don't make it out alive. So listen to me and GET OUT!"
Kai's order, or Skylar's? Meh. Skylar sounded more convincing, with a reason to back up her command. I ducked and squeezed around obstacles until I found the exit.