
I cannot believe how far this book has come and I am so thankful for everyone who's even considered to read my book. Thank you so so much if you've gotten to this point, and I'll try to be as good of an author as you are readers.
Introducing Chapter 14! Still Astrid's POV by the way (I'm slowly living up to my promise ;)
Chapter 14:
Dawn told Howard and I to go prepare breakfast. Told me that Howard knew exactly what to do. So we headed back to the kitchen where we had first encountered each other.
"Aren't you going to put your bag down?" Howard asked me once we got there.
"Oh, yeah. Thanks."
I set it by the door and shrugged off my rain jacket. It had protected my hair from becoming soaked with cold rainwater and my body and clothes from becoming drenched- something I was very grateful for.
Howard jumped right in, very enthusiastically, too. "We have about 30 people to serve. During the summer, our farmers and our botanist provide us with fresh food, both wild and human-grown, so we tend to use that in our food; while in the winter, we live off of mainly dried and canned foods."
"The other day," he continued, "Emma, this kind old lady, made us some potato bread because we'd found flour in a store nearby. Baked it with some vinegar too, so it'll last longer. She's smart for her age. We have one loaf left, plenty for thirty."
I nodded, acknowledging his enthusiasm and idea.
"I'll get it out," he said. "Your job is to toast it. Ever use a portable propane stove before?"
I shook my head.
"Have you ever even cooked before?"
Again, I shook my head.
"Ooook, then... I'll get you the pan. Remember, we don't have butter anymore, so be careful not to burn it."
Watching him go fetch the bread from the supply room, I headed to the portable stove he was talking about. There were actually 3, all placed on the long table. On a shelf next to the table were spices, herbs, oils, dishes, bowls, silverware, and cookware. I spotted a pan and to save Howard the trouble of helping me with yet another thing, I picked it out myself and walked back over to a stove. He came back out, engaged in unwrapping the bread from layers of cling film.
"There we go," he smiled as it came undone. "That pan is perfect, nice job. I'm going to go ahead and slice the bread."
I watched as he cut the bread with precision, making a little more than 30 slices. Once he was done, he taught me how to turn on the stove and gave me a metal spatula. Howard demonstrated on one slice and handed it over to me. I'd never toasted bread before; not in the orphanage, not roaming around with Alfie and certainly not in our old base, but the way he finished the task with no effort gave me confidence.
By the time I was done, I'd burned 3 slices of bread.
Howard kept on telling me it was all right, but I scolded myself for it. I told myself, "Well you've wasted 3 precious portions of bread, Astrid. Are you happy about that? Are you happy that those 3 slices that could've saved a life in these past years are now spent with no good outcome?"
He told me I did a good job and that I should go get some of the blackberries and mulberries that were stored so he could wash them. I decided to go wash them by myself. That was the least I could do.
It was pretty clear which ones were which. There was a woven basket labeled, "Blackberries," and another labeled, "Mulberries." I took the pot he had given me and filled it half and half with each type of berry.