
My eyes flickered to movement by the door. There were a bunch of strangers filing in. Only 3 were elders, and the rest consisted of middle aged and young adults. They looked at me awkwardly, then the boys.
This bunch was very chattery. Didn't they know to be quiet? Even if we were in the middle of a forest?
"Good morning, Howard!" one called.
"Morning Annalise!" he hollered while setting a single toast on each plate. Once he was done with that, he made his way over to me to check my progress.
"I'll take it from here," he said. "Go find your friends."
"Thanks," I murmured and scurried off to find Sterling. I picked my raincoat up from the corner of the kitchen and sped to the sleeping quarters again, thinking that the girls hadn't left yet. But on the way there, I once again collided with another body.
Skylar.
"Hey good morning!" I smiled, and before she could reply, I asked, "Have you seen Sterling?"
"I think she went to the bathroom."
"Thanks," I told her and scrambled back off. Through the dim light, I found my way to the room that I had newly discovered this morning.
As I approached the bathroom, I heard a faint sobbing. I peered inside of that bathroom and there was Sterling, crouched on the ground by one of the bathtubs. She was faintly crying but I couldn't see her face because of her long, black hair.
"Sterling?"
She told me, "I'm fine," without looking up.
Not believing her, I slowly walked up to her and crouched down.
"Tell me what's wrong."
"It's nothing," she waved off. But knowing Sterling meant two things. One, she was definitely lying. Something was wrong but she wouldn't tell me, which brings us to number two. Sterling never talks about her problems and is so stubborn about not telling them.
Knowing that, I just sat there next to my friend, patting her on the back and telling her that whatever it was, I'd be there for her.
Once she had calmed down, she washed her puffed face and we walk alongside each other to have breakfast.
By now, everyone was already eating. The tables were full and some cramped. I felt bad for these people because of our group.
Howard looked up from his table and got up. He walked to the kitchen and held up two plates from the counter.
"Here you go, ladies," he offered.
"Thank you," Sterling peeped, still shy of showing her swollen face.
I took the plate and told him thanks. He went back to sit down, but Sterling and I went back out to the living area to have our meal and sat on a couch.
I first lifted the piece of bread to my mouth and took a big bite. Although a little dry, it couldn't have been better. There was a sweet potatoey flavor contrasting from the stale morning taste in my mouth. I savored it and sipped some water. Then, I looked at the berries on my plate. Berries.
I hadn't had a blackberry in seven years, and had never tried a mulberry before. So I started with that. It was surprisingly sweet but like all fruits, carried an acidity that bursted fireworks against my tastebuds. The blackberries were just the same. Sour and sweet.
We made sure we finished before everyone else did. After wiping our plates down with damp pieces of cloth, Sterling returned to the sleeping quarters while I proceeded to ask Dawn a question that I had been keeping on my mind.