
"So I should go with him?"
"Exactly. He should be in the kitchen, that way," Dawn explained and pointed to yet another tunnel linked to this room.
"All right, I'll see you around." I took off toward the direction she had pointed.
"Good luck," I heard them say behind me. The tunnel was only about the length of a couch until the kitchen opened up. There, I saw a super tall man with chocolate skin. I assumed that he was Howard.
"Excuse me?" I asked for his attention. He looked up from the map that he was looking over. "Dawn and Keegan sent me here to help you."
He looked at me for a while and finally said, "You're one of those newcomers, right?"
Wondering how he even knew about us, I replied yes. Perhaps Dawn or those two people we had met had told everyone already.
Rushing to show me, he beckoned me over and pointed at the map. "See here? We're at this blue dot right here." Then, he pointed at a blue dot at the middle part of the map.
"We're going to go past the heavy overgrowth here and come across the highway which is about two miles from there." He looked at me as if he were asking if I understood.
"Ok," I nodded. "What do we do from the highway?"
"We go back and down and search for stores and exits that take us into towns or anything else that'll help us. Do you need some time or do you want to go now?"
"Let's go."
"Ok," he finalized. Howard glided to a door to the right of a wooden table and came out with a backpack. Well actually, two backpacks; one for each of us.
He tossed me mine and I observed the inside of the bag. As I shuffled through, I identified a flashlight, screwdriver, journal and pencil, a couple of granola bars, a water canteen, map, and a cigarette lighter. I looked back up and screamed at the sight of Howard holding up a machete.
"Relax," he scorned. "This is for you. There might be some vines that you need to cut through."
He turned around and grabbed a pair of boots from that room. "You're going to need these too. Converse won't last very long in the conditions we're hiking in."
I took the dark tan/green boots and replaced them for my Converse, tucking my jeans under.
"Ok, let's go."
I followed Howard back out to the living-room like area and out the main tunnel to the banks of the river. He kept walking upstream and so did I. Now that we were out here, I felt like it was a good time to just soak in the sunlight and breathe in the crisp air.
We'd gotten about a quarter of a mile before I felt something cold fall on my back. Then on my head. Then, my whole body.
"It's the rain! Do we keep going?" I asked Howard.
He didn't reply, but instead looked up at the clouds and observed.
"It seems like it's going to rain for a while. We should head back."
This time, we ran back, trying to keep up with the pace of the rushing water beside us. He rolled the boulder door aside and let me enter first. Soon after, he followed. We both slipped onto the muddy ground and he quickly pulled the chain that was attached to the inside of the boulder to close the opening.
"Well sh*t," he groaned.
"Yeah."