
I saw all of the algae winding along the walls and the slight downslope of the ground on both sides of me, filled up with muddy water. It was like a tiny sidewalk to a nice house with flowers lining the sides, except... it was a dark, slippery, zig-zaggy tunnel with water lining it.
Up ahead, I could see light streaming in through the entrance. It was so tempting but so was that other tunnel that led to who-knows-where.
Guess which way I took?
Yup. The tunnel of mysteries. The farther I got in the path, the drier it became. The display of water quickly dried out and now, it was just a dull limestone road. From here, it got darker too. The only light I had was the flickering of candle light that I spotted at the end of the tunnel.
All I did was look at that light and follow it. Eventually, I got to a very well lit room (although it was artificially lit) and noticed that this room was not as natural looking as the other cave. Despite the awkward shape of the whole thing, there were still fluorescent lights everywhere and modern furniture.
Like the other one , it had a "lobby area," with a low burning fire, emitting hardly any smoke and nice couches surrounding it. They had bookshelves with TONS of books filled in them and a grand table pushed against the wall.
I kind of just stood there for a while until I heard some voices. Keeping my eyes fixed on the source of the noise, I stood nearby a bookshelf, pressed to the wall.
Then, the three people entered. It was a man, maybe in his forties, Dawn, and Bryce.
Wait, Bryce?!
They all filed in and noticed me.
"What are you doing up so early, Astrid?" Bryce exclaimed.
"I could ask you the same thing."
Dawn chuckled. "I kinda sorta overheard that he used to be a military officer, so I might've woken him up early for help."
"What kind of help involves military work?"
I felt like I was being too blunt asking my questions. Maybe I should react and show positive reactions before jumping right in to the next question.
"Well, we haven't had direct encounters with any government types yet, but I want to be prepared for when that happens. I was hoping he could give us some advice on upping our defense."
I nodded with fake enthusiasm. "That's great."
There was that awkward moment of nodding and falsely smiling until Dawn finally cleared her throat and said, "So, Astrid, I want you to meet Keegan. He's "second in command". Just about helps me with everything. Really good with our people."
"Nice to meet you," smiled Keegan with an outstretched hand. The middle-aged man had wrinkles that were starting to form around the eyes and super thin lips. But despite that, he had a twinkle in his abnormally bright blue eyes that made up for the... well, "imperfections" of his face.
I took my miniscule hands in his rough, huge ones and replied,"Nice to meet you, too, sir. My name's Astrid."
"No need for sir," he chuckled. "We're all family here; formal language is unnecessary."
"Well, ok Keegan." It felt really weird to designate a superior by their first name. Mrs. Rhoads, my former orphanage mistress had always taught me to speak formally. "Anyways," I said, now addressing everyone. "Can I help with anything?"
"Actually, you can." Dawn smiled. "Our scout, Howard, is going out to mark some more stores and whatnot on our map so later, we can send more people out to loot."