
"Run," she gasped, with a short intake of breath.
My numb limbs managed to somehow start up and we were taking off like never before. Breathing became terribly demanding and my feet and hands felt as if they were on fire. Cold air hit my face and my eyes began tearing up.
It was arduous to keep up with Sterling's pace, because even though her strides were short and light, she raced like her life depended on it. Well, actually, it did. Both of our lives did. Seven years ago, I would've been racing to beat my classmates in a race. Not because that my life and death depended on it.
"Kitchen," Sterling panted, and I knew exactly from that what the plan was to be.
There were screams. Multiple screams. Sterling and I looked at each other wide eyed, for we knew that they could only have originated from where everyone else was situated. And with just the look in her eyes, I could tell that she shared my thoughts. We were all under attack. They had been here the whole time.
I could see the entrance to the kitchen just up ahead. 30 feet... 20 feet... 10 feet...
It was all planned out in my head. I faltered a single footstep so that now, Sterling was ahead of me, ready to open the door while I turned around with my weapon ready.
I came to a painful stop, as I could feel the tendons in my feet tighten. With one quick movement, I spun around and panicked to see that the man was only about thirty feet behind. That didn't even make up the length of the kitchen.
With my eyes on the attacker, I focused my ears on Sterling. I heard the sound of her palms hit the door. The abrupt thud of it opening. Quickly, I backtracked into the room and she slammed the door as I entered.
On instinct, I scanned the room. No one seemed to be here. That was good. I spotted a nearby chair, not the foldable ones because those wouldn't be effective, and slanted it against the door. Really, I could have done a better job; made it tighter against the rounded handle, but it would have to do for time's sake.
I grabbed Sterling's little hands and pulled her with me to the storage room. Both of us, I could tell, were assuming that with the whole place under attack, everyone was trying one way or another to make an escape.
Thank the heavens that there were keys to this room. I remember Howard, a friend I had made overtime, telling me how a few months ago, they had installed a lock into the door. Apparently, some children had been sneaking in at night for extra rations of food.
I located the key atop the kitchen counter and picked it up before closing the storage door behind me and Sterling. Then, I gave her the key to lock the door while I tried to locate the emergency exit.
It was easy to find, as only half of it was covered by the shelf. I wondered if it had been tampered with. With a great push, I moved it aside and was easily disappointed. As it turns out, the hole had been barricaded with slabs of this and that; wood and grass, leaves and other bits.
"Hurry," Sterling whispered. "I think he's almost through the first door."
My eyes scanned around the dark, finding nothing that could help me remove the debris. Then, I remembered the machete in my hand. If only I had thought sooner... I took the blade and shoved it straight up the hole. Wooden slabs and pieces of grass came tumbling down and I shielded myself from the incoming fragments.
"Let's go," I whispered. With the hole cleared, there was some light in the room now. I could tell it was night time. What caught my attention, however, was the worried look in Sterling's eyes. Not worried because of the situation. This seemed like a different form of worry.