
"Please. We're not with the government. We don't have a group either."
The girl loosened her grip and I scrambled away. As I focused my eyes on her, I noticed she was well stocked. She had on a dark navy blue rain jacket, necessary for the upcoming rain showers of April, and clean jeans.
Her black converse shoes seemed not too shabby, which means she would've had a way to get some brand new shoes. I observed that the girl's hair was blonde, despite the hood over her head. She couldn't have been much older than 16.
I ran along to Rebecka's side and gave the girl a long glare. Rebecka took an uncertain step. "Are you from a group?"
The girl stiffened the grip on her knife and growled, "Does it matter?"
Pulling Becka behind me, I answered, "If it means that we can join it, then yes."
She hesitated, standing there for quite a while. Unexpectedly, she put her knife away into the holster on her belt. Her scowl turned to a bright smile. "Yes. The name's Astrid. Astrid Klass."
I was unsure of revealing my name, but Rebecka seemed to think she was friendly enough. "I'm Rebecka Reed. And this is my brother, Eden."
Her thin lips pulled into a smile. "Nice to meet you Rebecka. Eden," she acknowledged, shaking her head. "If you've been looking for a group, you've run into the right person." She turned to walk, as if she expected us to follow.
I felt uneasy about all of this. What if she was just leading us to a trap? She seemed much too friendly, especially after all of the shit that we had been through these past seven years.
Rebecka beckoned at me and we followed Astrid away from the gas station into the depths of the towering skyscrapers.
"We've got about eight people. But I'm warning, you some aren't the friendliest. They'll be angry at me for bringing back strangers."
I remained silent, but she continued talking.
"Oh, that store you came out of, did it have any supplies?"
"Yes, but we took everything that was worth something." I answered.
"Cool. You can stash that at our place. We'll give you a place to stay, more supplies, I hope."
The 'I hope' part almost made me laugh. So it wasn't definite that we were going to be accepted.
Astrid stopped at the entrance of a tall, stone building. It seemed like the average office workplace for a commoner. There was a lobby with turned over coffee tables and a simple reception desk. Chairs were tossed over, making the place look like it had been left in a hurry and untouched ever since.
We took the stairs and climbed one story up. They had brought down all of the blinds to conceal themselves.
"Why were you out there by yourself?" I asked her.
Astrid shrugged. "We send ourselves out one by one to fetch all of the supplies. It's normal now, really. But we only do it once a month so we don't risk getting caught."
"Smart," Rebecka acknowledged.
Rows of cramped office spaces passed by as we continued down the hallway. We stopped at a small lounge room. The whole room was a dull blue.
In the corner, couches were set up as booths and they had placed a grand, rectangular, oak table. There was a small kitchen area, dark black and marble. Then, in one side of the room, they had pushed back rows of chairs into a half moon formation.