
"Alfie, I've got it from here," I told him.
One of his bushy eyebrows shot up. "You sure?"
I nodded and he passed the tool to me. He crossed his arms and stood there, half watching me half keeping his eyes out on our surroundings. Jenn glanced over to see that Alfie had an eye out and went over to comfort Dawn.
In all truth, I think Dawn really just needed to be alone.
Shoveling back the dirt, I sort of zoned off. The kind of zoning off you get when you stare at something for a long time. The obnoxious chirping of birds and cicadas and the swishing of trees were all blocked out.
I hadn't realized how fatigued I was when I was finished. Alfie rose to give me a nudge on the shoulder.
"Let's head back in," he suggested. He tried to keep a playful smile on his face. However, no sane person could keep a playful attitude with the smell of death in the atmosphere. As far as I knew, none of us were insane.
"Dawn?" Jenn called. She was still sitting on that log, lost in thought. "We're going inside Dawn."
"Go ahead, I'll be fine by myself," she assured, never once turning around.
We paused for a moment. Alfie and I looked at each other uneasily.
"She'll be okay, guys," Jenn sighed, taking the lead back inside.
Jenn slipped in first, followed by me. Right as Alfie took his entrance, there was a faint sound of screaming down the hallway.
"Sh!t, they couldn't have gotten in that fast!" Jenn exclaimed.
The three of us started drawing our weapons and ran down towards the source of the noise, most likely where all of the civilians were holed up. If Eli had taken out all of the guards, they'd be left vulnerable.
We were all caught off guard as one of those bastards jumped out from a corner and took a swing with his bat. He barely missed Jenn, who was at the very front. She took her blade and slashed it right across his throat while he was regaining momentum. The bat went crashing on the floor as the attacker grabbed at his own throat.
Alfie prepared his machete for a final blow but Jenn caught his hand right before.
"Don't," she snapped. "Let him choke on his own blood."
The three of us tried not to make a big reaction out of that, but by the look in Dawn's eyes and the hatred running through her veins, I'm pretty sure we all rendered that as insane. Not saying that she was insane, but it was a rather psychotic thing to say.
"Uh, right," I pitched in. "Let's just go."
We were almost there now, close enough that we could see the entrance and see that there was blood and human bodies splattered across the hallway in front of the room. I silently prayed they weren't the bodies of our people.
"Astrid and Alfie, go and protect the kids. Jenn and I have got this," Dawn ordered.
As Jenn and Dawn took a sharp left into the meeting room, I caught a glimpse of what this truly was. It was a slaughterhouse. A mass butchering.
I held my breath as I passed. Up ahead, Alfie and I noticed the dark green colors of soft moss on the walls and toys of the nursery. There were a group of kids huddled in fear at the very back of the room. And to the right, I spotted a horde of three, viscous looking men with eyes set on the children. The good thing was that only one was armed. The bad news, however: they all were bulky as hell and the one weapon was a pistol.