
I peered my head in the room, seeing Bryce trying to get the injured man some water. The man kept shaking his head no, his eyes fluttering, barely trying to keep open.
"Finn and Bryce," Dawn ordered in a serious tone that I had never before heard from her. "Escort this man to his room; it's number 23."
They nodded their heads. Finn shifted the weight of the man onto his shoulders and Bryce picked up his medical kit. I watched them make their way out.
"As for the rest of you," she addressed. "Keegan, you will stay here and close the entrance, protocol 16. Astrid, you follow me. We're going to get the back entrance covered."
I was unsure of what "protocol 16" was, but it probably had to do with barricading the opening. Keegan went straight to work while Dawn and I sprinted to the other entrance.
As we ran, she huffed a few orders out. "We're going to lock up the chains on the boulders and then go barricade the escape exit in the storage room."
We came to the back entrance and I watched as Dawn took the chains connected the the boulder door and knotted it around and around the stalagmite beside it. Then, she locked it up with a huge padlock and stepped back, making sure it was safe and tight.
"Come on," she said once she was done. "To the storage room."
We once again dashed away. I wasn't usually tired from short runs like this. All of the running and escaping had shaped me into a stronger person. I found myself inhaling and exhaling monstrously.
The room was dark when we arrived, and Dawn preferred to work that way, scared that the light might be seen from above.
In the dark, my sight was not so sharp. Dawn told me where some material was and told me to hand it to her when she asked for it. I stood back while she worked with the hole, sometimes giving her random objects that she requested for.
I think it had been about 10 minutes when she finished. We left the room quietly and went back to check on Keegan.
Both of us stopped at the sound of yelling. Oh no. They'd gotten in.
"Sh!t, Keegan!" Dawn whispered. We picked up our pace and peered into the room.
I was mortified by the sight of a masked man and a gun with a silencer in his hand. What shocked me even more was the figure of Keegan on the ground, clutching at his stomach and blood pooling on the ground.
Dawn looked as if she were going to murder someone. Literally. Her eyes were watery and red, teeth bared, nose flared. Her knuckles went white as the grip on her knife went tight. She leaped and brought the blade down on the man's spine. He came tumbling down; it was like a replay of before.
She stood there, hands shaking and bloody.
"Why did I leave you alone?" Dawn sobbed all of a sudden, dropping her knife and kneeling down. A stream of curse words came out of her mouth.
"Astrid," she said, sternly. "Get Bryce again and call up some of your strongest people."
I made no haste and took off again. Hopefully, I'd make it in time or else yet another man's death would be on my hands.
(I saw online that pulling the knife out of a wound does not help. It just adds to the drama tho so I kept it XD)