
my name is Selen Marie Alvarez im 17 live in Miami,flordia i go to panthers high school. I have bright blue eyes I have long wavy brunette hair that goes down to my waist.im a straight a+'s student. I guess you can call me a Good girl.
Its friday which means last day of school then the weekends . i hopped of bed went into my bathroom and took a nice shower. After I got out i put on a white shirt with a pink flamingo on it some pink pants and white sneakers. I let my hair down and let it air dry so it can become wavy.
I grabed my phone and my backpack an headed downstairs. I saw my parents downstairs drinking coffee i kissed both them on a cheeck and grabed an apple.
"bye mom bye dad" i said shouting before i left
"goodbye honey be safe and have a great day at school" my parents said in a usion.I let the ouse and jumped inside my car it was a blue rangeover my dream car it took like millions of years just to get it.
**********At School*********
I hoped out the car and grab my stuff and headed toward the school,but when i was halfway across the street a red car stopped and honked at me. like seriously who does that.I looked To see who it was And to my surprise it Was carter. Now let me tell you a lil about him hes a Bitch,has criminal recoreds,has tattoos all over him, a lip piercing his the definition of bad or maybe even worse.
I snapped out of my thoughts when he honked again "move Bitch i aint got all day" he said i clearly pissed him off. I just rolled my eyes and walked away.
i got to my locker and saw taylor waiting for like always. "hey did you hear about carter he's back i thought he got kicked out last year" she said worried. see carter used to pick on her and the other girls. actually he picks on everybody even the ones he slept with, but the only people he never picked on was his "crew" and me. my friends say its probably because i dont have any classes with him and that its just luck.
I got snapped out my thoughts when taylor snapped her fingers in my face "earth to selen, look the bells about to ring i'll meet you at class" she said walking away. "shit" i said i grabed my things out my lockers, but of course the bell rang right when i closed my locker.
i ran to my class but i hit something or someone but before i can hit compact someone caught me. I looked up to see who it was it was carter. dame can my day get any worse
"hey princess" he said snapping me out of my thoughts
i rolled my eyes and said "im not yor princess ok and can you just please just let me go"
"shut the fuck up bitch god its not everyday im nice to someone" his face went from soft to a very pissed of carter.
"I-i-i Im Sor-r-ry i just don-n-t want to get in trou-u-ble" shit i stuttered . I Stutter when im im nervous or scared which in this case its both.
"whatever" he said he let me go and of course he didnt lift me up when he catched me so i fell on the floor. "ouch" i wishpered to myself I got back up and picked up my stuff of course he was still there just watching me. I rolled my eyes and carried on to walking to class.
once i got there my teacher Mr.Meyer let me go with a warning since i was never late. I sat down next to my friend charla. we took our assignments out but then the door brusted open.
"ahhh, carter so you finally decieded to come to class" Mr.Meyer said
" like i would want to be here" carter said rolling his eyes he started to scan the room then his eyes landed on mine. we locked eye contact his eyes were hazeled with a tint of yellow in them.
"well would you like to explain to the class why you were late" Mr. Meyer said "Sure why not" Carter said " the reason I was fucking late to this boring ass class was because I was with a girl" I hope he wasn't talking about me. "And what were you doing with this girl" One of the students Michael said "I'm sure you fucking know" Carter said with  cocky smile.