
I do not own pjo and sadly never will. All rights go to Rick
Percy's P.O.V.
Me and Annabeth, along with the rest of the seven plus Rachel, Clarisse, the Stolls, Katie, Thalia, Nico, and Grover were hanging out around the strawberry fields when Rachel sat straight up. Her eyes were glazed over and she was spewing green smoke.
"Sea, sky and ground,
Must make their way around
Find who was lost,
What was stolen,
Save the god and turn the opinion around"
She fainted while I caught her. Annabeth started glaring at me for catching Rachel until I said, "I love only you." She smiled and yelled "Someone get Chiron! Now!!!!" Piper then ran to the Big House with Jason close behind her. Then a startled Rachel awoke in my arms. "Wha, what happened?" Grover replied helping her stand," You just spoke a prophecy. It said Sea, sky and ground must make their way around to find who was lost, what was stolen save the god and turn the opinion around. I am guessing that sea, sky and ground are three children of the big three. Percy is sea and Hazel or Nico are ground while Thalia or Jason are sky." Nico, who was so quiet, spoke up. "I'm ground and Thalia is sky." He seemed so sure of himself that we couldn't bear to tell him he could be wrong. Chiron then appeared with Piper and Jason not so close behind. He looked at Grover, who was still helping Rachel stand. Grover must have understood what Chiron wanted because he then recited them prophecy. Then Nico spoke up saying, "Percy, Thalia, and I are in the prophecy. We have to make our way around something and find something else. Chiron, is there a god missing? There must be because it said save the god and turn the opinion around." Chiron replied looking at Leo, "I am truly sorry child, but Hephaestus has gone missing. I just spoke to Zeus and he also said that she was released." Leo thought about for exactly 3 seconds before he said/yelled, "She was?!? Since when and why did no one tell me and where is she? I need to see her and wait. Why is my dad missing?" Chiron looked sad while he said, "I am not quite sure. Zeus was speaking very quickly and I think Hephaestus did something to free her that caused him to disappear. After all, since you visited her he was the only one to see her." that was when I butted in. "Who is "she"? I'm so confused." That is when Annabeth spoke. "You are such a Seaweed Brain. This person is obviously someone Leo and Hephaestus both cared for. I'm thinking that she was trapped some... oh. She was trapped on an island wasn't she? It's her. I can't believe, Leo you met her? Did she talk much about..." she then looked at me. I finally understood. I said one word. the word we were all waiting for. "Calypso." Leo nodded and said, "So, Calypso is free and my dad is missing. Zeus never cared about her. My dad did. He risked his life for her. I have to find him." Leo, you can't. You're parent isn't the sky sea or ground. Part of the quest is getting him back. I forbid you to go. You must swear on the Styx to not go." He did. Then, a camper ran up. She looked to be around 14. I think she is an Apollo camper. She then said information that we all dreaded to hear. Four words that we didn't want to hear. "Will has gone missing." Nyssa just so happened to be near when she said that. She ran to the lake. Sobbing. Leo took this opportunity to go comfort his half-sister. After that, Rachel said, "Percy Jackson, Nico di Angelo, and Thalia Grace must be the ones in the prophecy. The Oracle has spoken." Then I blacked out.
So, how do you like it? Is it to long? tell me if you like it! thank you so much for reading this! bye!
P.S. I'll edit it later!