
Dear everyone who has read this before. My friend and I have rewritten "The Story" into a new and improved version. There are some new changes but now that we have both figured out the plot we can continue writing this more often. Please enjoy and thank you very much marvelhemmmings for helping me in rewriting this chapter!
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
>> jamie <<
"Man, it's so creepy out here. Remind me why I let you talk me into this?" Sam shivered, pressing her hands onto her flask, trying desperately to warm them despite the subzero temperature surrounding is.
"Because you love me." I stated simply pulling out my phone to check the time.
I had made a plan to come out here at night after I had seen a report in the newspaper about a manslaughter in a forest near my house just this afternoon. The report didn't have much information, but I was caught on by a certain sentence.
"The marks on the body were clearly inhumane, somewhat beastly-looking gashes across the chest and lower abdomen." I repeated, glancing over at Sam, who rolled her eyes.
"You think it's a werewolf, don't you?" She asked rhetorically, raising an eyebrow slightly.
"Well, I have to find out for sure." I replied, frowning up at the crescent moon above us. "There's supposed to be a full moon, though."
"Yeah, but not always. Shapeshifter wolves can morph even without a full moon. I thought you knew that?"
"I do, it's just all of the reports of attacks have been on a full moon, and on full moons, it's usually the true wolves that come out." I said.
"Look, Jay, if you don't stop babbling and start moving, my arms around gonna freeze off." Sam groaned, glaring at me, her nose and cheeks red from the cold.
"Fine then. C'mon." I sighed pulling the hood of my sweatshirt over my head and tugging at the drawstrings to keep the warmth in.
We trudged through the forest, the leaves crunching underneath our shoes, Sam taking a sip from her flask every now and then.
"Right, we must be close. I can see the-" I'm cut off by something growling behind us.
I hesitantly turn around to see what I had been looking for all night. Two wolves. Right there in front of us. But, instead of being chill and calm, I freaked out.
"Oh my God. Jamie, run!" Sam shouted, dropping her flask and grabbing my hand, taking off through the trees with me flailing along behind her.
I could hear the wolves chasing after us, so I sped up until I was beside her. After running for what seemed like forever, we finally reached a small clearing with a cave and stopped, looking around to find the wolves nowhere to be seen.
"I think we lost them." I breathed, sitting down on a large rock and patting the spot next to me.
"Me too. And look, I really down want that to happen again, alright?" Sam said firmly, taking a seat beside me.
"Same. I think we should head back." "Great idea. Best you've ever had." She joked, standing up and brushing off her jeans. "You coming?"
"Yeah, I'm just a bit shocked. I didn't really think we would find any." I answered, placing a shaking hand onto my racing heart.
"Well we did. God knows why they were still here after their little snack. But I'm pretty sure they'll still be there even when we're long gone."