
I nodded, standing up and looking around for a safe path home.
"I mean, of course you're probably going to have another look later on, because that's exactly what you-"
"Sam. Sam!" I called, and she looked over at me.
"What?"
"Come and look at this."
~
"There's more? You've gotta be kidding me. See, I told you this was a bad idea!" She grumbled, scowling at me while I stared at the footprints etched into the ground. There were more wolves somewhere.
"They're fresh, too. Seems like something el-" I can barely finish the next word before I'm tackled to the ground, something strong pushing my shoulders back into the earth.
I quickly look up, only to be met with an ugly muzzle and yellowing canines.
"Rogues." Sam and I yelled at the same time.
The wolf on top of me snarled, staring down at me with frighteningly yellow eyes.
"Aw, man. Seriously? I would buy you mouthwash, but even that wouldn't work. That breath could make even the toughest of men throw up." I gasped, pushing it off of me and struggling to stand.
"Oh come on, dude." I heard Sam groan, and glanced over to see her pushing the rogue over, rolling away and crouching, a knife in her hand.
I turned just in time to see the wolf charging at me, growling and baring it's fangs. I dodged, pulling my knife out of my back pocket, making it back away.
A howl shattered through the forest, making the rogues whimper and cower. Two wolves I recognised instantly as the ones from before sprinted into view, tackling the rogues easily.
I stared at the brawling wolves, watching as a rogue took a swipe at one of them, only to be dodged and clawed back, causing it to hiss and back away.
After two warning growls from the wolves - who were much bigger than the rogues - they quickly scattered, the right one limping slightly.
"Sam, did you see that?"
"Yeah." She replied, walking over to me, little scratches on her face. "You okay?"
"Yeah, fine. You?"
"Well, apart from almost being ripped to shreds by some demonic dog, I'm just fantastic." She said sarcastically, giving me a thumbs up. "You look like you got into a bitch fight." I laugh, pointing to her face. She frowned, looking at her reflection on her camera.
"Oh my God." She smiled, "Now I look badass. Awesome."
"Hey, are you two alright?" A guy's voice called, and suddenly two boys walked up to us, clad in ripped band t-shirts and black skinny jeans.
"Y-yeah. We're fine. Who are you?" I replied, staring at them.
They grinned at each other.
"We're the ones who just kicked some rogue arse."
••••
hey guys
marvelhemmmings here
so id just like to say that it is an awesome opportinity to write with my 'sister', aka @Alpha_Sophie and im so glad to be helping her with this