
"Have you found any of them?" asked an upset scientist in his gruff voice. Mr. Allan wasn't exactly a scientist... He was more of a producer of the company. You'd think he would be a little more proper, being a high loved German on the U.N. Instead, he looked like a grave digger, with his long gray hair that was always tied into a messy bun, his shaggy beard, his worn-down jeans, and a t-shirt that was either not tucked in at all, or merely half tucked in.
And then there was Lila Wilson, the head of the operation. American, intelligent, and extremely proper. Her delicate voice responded with a slight quaver. "No, sir. But we are looking," she finished, a bit of panic in her voice. Lila was the type of person that seemed like she could shatter into a million tiny pieces at any time. At the same time, she had certain presence to her that was strong, independent, and free-willed.
Don't ask why I'm going so in-depth with their appearances, even though they have almost no part in our story. Maybe it's because teasers are fun. Getting you addicted to the characters you'll see the least. Or, maybe it's because I want to show you how so different people can come together to do something so intense, but who cares. Enough of this, back to it.
The male turned and took his hand down from his face, chewing on his cheek. "Well look harder. If we don't find these subjects, all that I've worked for, all that you've worked for... is lost." Lila nodded, and the male turned back to the various screens in the darkened room, showing the various hallways and rooms within the hidden building.
Lila sighed and left the room, walking down the hallway. Various security guards lined the hallway, using their light-speed optical scanners as she walked to ensure she wasn't a fake. Enough to make many a common man unsettled, but she was used to it. She heard a commotion in the room she was passing, and two guards opened the doors as she held out a gun. When the doors opened, she didn't see someone trying to steal the government's secrets, but instead a celebration. Even so, she yelled out, "Everybody freeze."
She stepped in, her light heels tapping on the floor as she did so. Curled up bodies on the floor, hoping not to be suspected of and shot, laid completely still as the female walked towards a computer in the corner that was huddled around before she stepped in. There was the message that made her life get just a bit easier.
¡FRIGHTENED FOUND!