
Gabriella's POV:
I shot up out of my 'bed' to be honest it's not really mine or a bed...
I've been sleeping behind a hay bale at this farm. The farm has a family but they only go to the barn.
Except the one with the long hair, and sometimes he brings a guitar. He sits on a hay bale that's a few away from me and his voice is memorizing!
He came out from the barn with his guitar as I watched from a distance. He quietly walked his way to 'his' spot and slowly strumed at the guitar.
I quickly caught the tune was- my dad used to sing it to me when I was little.
My dad, just the thought if him made me cry. I tried to stop but I guess the bottled up pain couldn't take it! I heard the melody stop and I heard feet.
He easily put the guitar down and walked over. He leaned over the bale and we both jumped back.
"I'm sorry I was just p-passing through... No need to hurt me p-please..." I asked trying to blink back tears. " why would I hurt you?" The tall boy said coming around the bale. He looked down with shocked eyes as he saw...
He saw my ragged stuffed bunny and me in tore clothes with blood on them.
"Oh my gosh, are you alrigh? Do I need to call the ambulance?" His eyes filled with alertness. "N-no I'm fine...." I answered while picking up my bunny.
I started speed walking away."Hey! Wait,please?" The boy said as I tripped over a log. He jolted over to me.
"Are you alright? By the what's your name?" He said to me."My name is Gabriella Argent,yours?" I spoke rubbing my ankle. "My name is Sawyer Fredericks, how long have you been here"
Seriously what are we doing? Playing twenty questions? That's what I thought!
I answered anyway,"about three days.." Sawyer looked at me with compassion and said, "why were you crying?"
"I'm not sure I can trust you.." I whispered while shivering. "Are you cold Gabby?" Sawyer questioned. "What did you call me?" I replied fast. Sawyer looked at me dead in the eyes and replied, "Gabby, why?" "Ummm.. My dad used to call me t-that." I said fighting back tears.
Sawyer looked around,"are you cold,ummm Gabriella? I mean you could come to my house... Only if you want?!" He is adorable when he stutters. NO!!! NO GABRIELLA!!! You know where that gets you!!!
"I'm. Im sorry why would you want me?" I said trying not to think about what happens last time. "Cause you seem cold and there isn't any warmth here." He replied.
I quietly said,"Sure" as we head to his house after he got his guitar. I'm bracing myself for hurtful abuse from these people. Me and people never got along well....
(AN- Gabriella is 16 and has long brown curly hair and brown eyes) love yall💕