
as i was walking the most delichious smeel caught my atention it was like apples and cinnemon mixed to gether the smell all werewolves smell when they are close to there mate. intrigued i followd the sent to a small house where a young girl was lying huddeld on the ground, why would some one treat a girl this way? “hey miss, are you ok?” I called, when she didnt respond i got verry woried, i was almost positive that this was my mate as i got closer to her i could feall my wolf getting restless thought  i still had to look in to her eyes. as i picked her up out of the snow she oppend her eyes for a second br for cloing them again and thats when my wolf howelld in joy as i got my self lost in her pale blue eyes, so beutifule i thouhgt.  why was she out in the cold? she abviously needed medical help. what ever at least my car is near.
as i drove to the hospital i got more and more worried as her breaths got shorterr and shorter. “help, pleas some body help her” I yellld as i walked through the doors of the hospital, i was paniking as i felt her breathing stop for a full minuet “Sir, Sir we’ll take her now” a nures said
“pleases you have to help her”
“I know we will but i need to tell me what happend”
“I, I dont know i found her lying in the cold out side her house, Where are they taking her” i said standing up “surgerie dont worry well make shure she comes back”
“buti need to be with her please” i said taking a sniff, the nurse smelled like a wolf “pleas she’s my mate, i have to protect her”
“I know, I know, but you can’t go in there but i’ll make sure you’re updated, now can you tell me her name?”
“I..i don’t know”
“how can you not know your mates name”
“I only just met her”
“ok, thats fine tell me your name i need to contact your parents, it’s late and there probably worried about you”
“Jake, Jake Valentan”
“Valentan? as in John Valentan? Alpha of the Full Moon pack?”
“yes I’m his son”
“I see” she said as she left to make the call.
It was the longest hour of my life as i waited for them ot say she was all right “Jake, oh baby there’ you are. Where were you we were worried sick” said my mother as she pulled me in to a hug. “mom, I’m fine” i said as i pulled away from her, all i wanted was my mates embrace
“Jake, what’s wrong? why are you at the hospital?” my father asked “you’re obviously not hurt”
“I found my mate dad”
“oh baby that’s wonderful where is she? can i meet her?” my mother squealed
“mom, sh.....she was beaten that’s why I’m here, she’s in surgery right now”
“oh, baby thats to bad”
“sir, you can see her now” said the nurse from earlier “I should warn you though, the was a lot of bleeding and because of that her body shut down it may take some time before she wakes up”
“thank you nurse” as i walked in her room I had the sudden urge to kiss her, i guess it was only natural she was my mate after all but still, as my wolf pushed me to my limit and i kissed her lightly on the forehead she started to cry out  “no Daddy don’t. I promise I’ll be good just stop, PLEase make them stop...........NO daddy don’t let them touch me, PLease don’t tie me up, I promise I won’t burn Dinner any more....” what had this man done to her? “it’ll be all right honey i promise i won’t hurt you and neither will your father.”i crooned as she flinched i realized that she probably was still conscious on some level.  Damn, how Could i have done that?