
It had been a while now; they had gotten everyone's bank details. So why were they sticking around. The strangers of the cinema had been staring at my motionless body for a while. They were all fear stricken and that explained why they were mad with me. Anger across each ones face as their dis-appeasement for me speaking out. I felt bad in some ways but they would thank me later.
It was getting tedious just lying here, I could move but that probably would result in more beatings. The men were too pre-occupied with transferring the money. This was my opportunity to get help; the confiscated phones they had taken of us were in a pile just to the right of me. I reached out and swiftly grabbed one. One man turned his head to check on me and I had now gone back to my still position. He must have caught me in the corner of his eye but not quick enough, I smirked to myself. I awkwardly looked down at the phone, it was Oliver's. Out of all the phones I had picked up his. I dialled 999 into the keypad and dialled. It began to ring, and then a hushed hello came through the other end. Two heads adjourned then and walked over to investigate. I slide the phone under my back.
"What was that?" one man asked. I didn't answer in the hope they would leave. They stood there arms folded and angry faces. "I said what was that?" he now yelled at me. I continued being silent. He then crouched down and grabbed my neck then put pressure on it. "Answer me, I know you're awake and you can hear me" I held my breath and remained silent once again. The men grew impatient of my tiring game. He got back up the kicked me until I was rolled over and the phone was revealed. "Look lads, she was trying to call the cops" he spoke again. I closed my eyes and prayed for the best. I opened them again to see there was a group conference for a moment or two. The one I now identified as Karl came towards me, he pulled out a knife. Was I really this much hassle that they needed to dispose of me? I glanced at Oliver who was now filled with worry.
Karl rolled me back over and pulled the knife up to his head then straight back down again into my far left side of my stomach. I curled over in pain after he removed the knife from the punctured wound. "Should have stayed sat and not said a word" he whispered into my ear. I was losing a lot of blood and I felt liking I was drifting off into another dimension. Then I was gone.
A/N I had a trailer made for this book by @brookieismyname she did a fantastic job and I thank her so much for making this amazing trailer which you can watch at the side in the media section :)