
Life changes in a millisecond if you're in the wrong place at the wrong time and that is what happened to me.
Oliver Dolly my boyfriend for one year today and how does he deicide to spend it at the cinema watching a movie I don't really give a care about but seeing him happy made me happy to so I went with it. I total I got the cheesy arm stretch and a few kisses on the cheek. I would have never of thought anything tragic could happen but it did. Thirty minutes left of the movie; the shock of our lives came. Oblivious to begin with, but soon we knew our place in this heist. Seven armed men walked in to the cinema. Including myself everyone thought it was an advertising stunt but when C4 was strapped to our necks and we were held at gunpoint, we knew this was real. They were all in dark clothes with ski masks on. I'll never get why they asked but they did, they asked for our names and our ages. Dreading when they would get to me, I panicked silently. Gunpoint at everyone head if they hesitated to answer. I was next after Oliver had spoken –'Oliver Dolly, 21' he trembled in fear but weren't we all in fear. The gun switched to me quickly. "Madison Renan, 20" the satisfied gunman walked off and continued this entourage.
Time passed slowly and quickly, the movie screen had gone completely dark. A gunman spoke, the tone of his voice bothered me, it's like I had heard that voice before. "Ok, you are each going to contribute £300 pounds so we need bank details now or some bullets will be used and not in the pleasant way". His voice so familiar, it irritated me so much. Impulsively I spoke out "What If we don't have £300 pounds and what if we don't have debt overdraws" I regretted blurting out as the masked man approached me. He whispered "Then we will just take every penny you got" it struck me where I knew the voice from, my old high school; the person's name wasn't coming to my head. I gulped, Oliver held my hand tightly. Think Maddy think. While I was pondering my thoughts the men were getting everyone's credit card details. The name hit me but I couldn't speak out again, risking a bullet put into my head because I revealed his identity. I played it cool instead I asked a diplomatic question. "So where did you go to school" I asked with the up most caution. Again he walked over.   "We ask the questions not you, so shut the hell up"
"Do you know me?" this made him pause.
"Yes, I know you and If you think you know me then you better not or this bullet will go straight through your head" another man tapped him on the shoulder and after a long chat he realised he had said too much. Then walked back to me with a gag cloth and tightly tied it around my mouth to prevent any more outbursts probably. I knew I had outstepped my boundaries in this situation but I  was the only one here who was standing up to them, I was the only one with courage but this talking back could get us all killed so I had to be weary.
They left me for last; with good reason I thought. My big blabber mouth. "Debit card?" I pointed to my bag on the floor. Then rummaged through my purse and found my card. Even behind a mask I could telling he was grinning. I sulked, why would people do this, my hard earned money and everyone else's for that matter. I was angry and when I'm angry I yell but as I can't yell, I'll kick him where it hurts. So I did and that was a big mistake I had ever made. After recovering from the spontaneous attack he grabbed me and took me to the front of the room.
Without hesitation, he began to beat me. Two others joined in, cheering at the same time. Oliver stood up in protest for me but only to be shoved back down and tied and gagged to his seat. Was I not doing right by trying to help, I asked myself. One of them then took my gag off and asked how it felt. This was my chance he didn't deserve to be nameless and I had already suffered at least I would achieve one thing from being beaten. "Karl Bellow!" I yelled out. I then started choking. All seven men paused and seemed to be in shock, Keiran the most. They then started laughing in time, I could tell the laugh was fake and they were trying to hide the fact I knew who one of them was. They were then quick to gag me just in case I had any other names in my pocket. I lay on the floor hurting but partially satisfied I had achieved something.