
I tip toed down stairs and made my way to the shadowed kitchen. I hadn't really thought of eating but maybe forcing myself to will calm the nerves. Although I didn't actually feel hungry so I just got a drink instead. I traced my thoughts back to when I couldn't feel anything then passing out and waking up to overwhelming emotions. I didn't understand it how could one feel nothing then wake up and feel everything. My thoughts were interrupted by a buzzing noise coming from the abandoned living room. It was my phone and my friend Miriam was calling. I hadn't told anyone but the school of my situation, not even our closet family and friends. I wasn't quite ready for that yet. As I gazed at the buzzing phone, I remembered the last call I had from the hospital telling me of my parents fate and I dropped the phone that very moment as I didn't want to know more. Miriam kept calling; she was most likely concerned as I rarely miss a day off school unless I'm really ill. I can't face to pick it up though. Telling her would mean telling everyone, and I'm not sure I am quite ready for sympathy and all the other stuff that comes with the loss of loved ones. It eventually stopped buzzing.
I had been no standing by the phone for a least an hour; motionless. My sister is still sleeping while I try to create the will to do something, anything but stand there. Three knocks at the door and a bell ring echoed throughout the house, Pete the postman was here. He always does threes knocks and a bell. I slowly made my way to the front door and braced myself by putting a big smile on my face but I knew it wouldn't fool anyone as the words fake would be invisibly printed across my face. I opened the door to Pete, who had two packages for me. "Morning Pete," I said.
"Morning Nina, not skiving school are we?" He chuckled; this putting a warm feeling into my heart. Maybe connecting with people and talking about my problems will help. "Lily's ill and I offered to stay at home to take care of her" I half smiled. He passed me the sheet of paper to sign then handed me the packages. "Well let's hope she gets better soon, I'll be off, bye now" Pete waved and proceeded to the next house. I want to tell someone, instead of suffocating myself emotionally but finding the right words would be a task. After a long thought, I decided now is not the time to tell people and I'll wait till tomorrow. Being at home was making it worse, as I just wanted to feel normal.
Lily woke up around 2pm. She made herself a jam sandwich and ate half before she threw it back up again. Obviously the sleep hadn't helped that much as Lily was still in a state of sadness with the palest face ever.  So much had happened in one morning. The rest of day was non-productive. I brought myself to go to sleep at midnight. Lily had gone to bed at 9pm.