

As I pulled up to our house the front door had been smashed in. I told Lily to stay put then locked the car doors. As I did that she began yelling for me to come back and not to go in the house. I peered round then entered with caution. Treading around broken glass was harder than it looked but I made it to the living room. Someone had trashed the entire place but why? I investigated around then heard a creek from above. Whoever trashed the place is still here. I heard them coming down the stairs to swiftly move to the kitchen. As I rushed in, I was met by two men. "Don't suppose I could offer you a cup of tea?" I said before being sat down and tied to my own dining chair. The third person entered he was most pleased to see me as his face went from angry to happy. He grabbed a file off the table and showed me a picture of me. "Is this you?" he asked.
"Yes, it's my year elven photo from almost two years ago"
"That's just perfect, we have been looking for you, do you know why?"
"Not really, I just came to get my stuff for a sleepover"
"I want your abilities, I got some abilities myself, I can fly but I also want yours"
"Your on about the mad science story, I don't have an ability, I'm not that crazy to get powers" he examined me up and down. "Read her mind Polo" the man named as polo, put his left hand on my forehead and began to read through my mind. I could feel him brushing past each memory and bringing old ones to light. "She is telling the truth, she doesn't remember anything of her abilities, just like the rest" he let go and pulled out a knife. Then started cutting the rope lose. The other two watched me.
"Why are you letting me go?"
"Were not, you need to reactivate your ability and so to do that you must be running for your life and so scarred that something inside you fights back ultimately unleashing your ability, so go play possum now" I gulped and ran, but I wasn't going to let myself become scarred. I ran out to Lily and drove off in a rush. Who were those people and why do they think I have powers? To find answers I must find that scientist from TV.

Two hours on the road and Lily was already fast asleep. I was possum right now and those men most likely are tail gating me in some shape or form. I was getting exhausted myself and I hadn't even let myself have a moment today to mourn my parents. I pulled up onto a side road and prayed for them and for myself. After I prayed, I left the car and walked across the field near the road. "Come on then come and get me, I'm scared and I want to fight!" I yelled. The flying man, polo and the other guy then appeared in front of me. I got out my phone and dialled 999. "You think the police can stop us, you're clearly deluding yourself and if that's your best tactic obviously you haven't discovered what you can do "Flying man said then I slapped him.