
January 14th 2015
A year ago if you told me the world would have ended because of me, I would have laughed and walked on but now here I am a year later a ticking time bomb ready to explode. Tears streamed down my face and I was trying so hard not to cry. I am so sorry everyone for what I have done and what is happening I never thought I could lose control but I did. Closing my eyes anticipating the end I felt someone grab me from behind; how that was possible, no one could touch me for very obvious reasons. Then one second later I was in space and who ever put me here was gone, I was slowly suffocating as the darkness consumed my light then consumed me and then I was gone.
January 13th 2014
Today is a new day a new beginning to start over. Yesterday I want to disregard with the highest order. Although no matter how much I wanted to remove it from my memories. My persistent thoughts overwhelmed me with the facts of yesterday. It had only been a day and yet it felt like a week but I still can't brush it away that easily. How could anyone brush something that big away easily and how was I handling it so well? I had been offered a week grieving time off school; I refused though because I wanted the company, I wanted somewhere I could feel safe and normal. If only I had stopped them from going out. My sister and I were now orphans, all alone in the world. My sister cried more than I did when we found out the dreadful news at 10:37 am on what seemed a peaceful Sunday morn. I sat in shock for the most of the day. I give my sister the occasional hug and a few words of sorrow but truthfully I was still comprehending the situation. It had come nightfall and I now believed I was dead inside as I had only wept twice for a minute at least each time. What was wrong with me, my parents who had cared, fed and loved me my entire life were gone in the space of a second and I couldn't even spare one tear. Had I turned emotionless? I mean I was meant to feel mortified by their deaths and I wasn't, I was meant to feel fear of how I would cope in the future and I felt neither. Not even wanting the best for my sister resided inside me.
My conclusion was my emotions had turned off somehow, maybe because I thought I couldn't deal with their pressure on my life. My sister, Lily knocked on my bedroom door and expressed she could not face school yet, I nodded with full understanding then went over and picked up my mobile and   dialled her schools number to excuse her from school, and after I did the same for myself as I couldn't just leave Lily mourning alone. I put the phone down and collapsed. I fluttered my eyes to see then hear my sister frantically yelling my name. "Nina, Nina, Nina!" Lily shouted. I opened my eyes fully now and sat myself up. Lily leaned towards me and a hugged me tightly swearing never to let me go. "It's ok Lily, I just fainted I'm not going anywhere, I promise" I returned the hug. Tears then began to stream down my face. My emotions flooded me, it was like they were missing but have just been returned because I felt a lot of emotions seep in within seconds.
It had now been precisely an hour since I fainted and an hour since we have been sitting on the floor hugging each other. I wanted to move and do something to keep my mind from wandering back to my parents but I really didn't want to disturb Lily, she was happy cuddled up to me and near fast asleep. This was ideal because she hadn't slept since she found out the news and some sleep would do her good. I hadn't slept either but I could survive with no sleep. I gently lifted Lily's head then moved and replaced it with a cushion. I then removed a blanket from my bed and placed it over her. I stared at Lily for a moment, in one aspect I was envious of her but in another I just wanted to help her overcome this hurdle and move on. I was envious because of her youth, at her age, she will mourn for a week then the next it will be a memory and she will move on this is because when you're young you don't fully understand the impact of a loss just that you have lost someone. In the end though when they see someone there for them, they know it will be fine. Me on the other hand, I will always hold my parents close to me in my heart and mind. I don't know even if I could let myself forget. Lily needed me though, I can't let go now and abandon her in a time of need. I had to step up and forget the current events and be the responsible to make sure Lily stays safe and well loved. I must forget about being free and having a childhood, I must now be the adult.