
"Why what's wrong?" she tugged my arm. I followed her outside to see my Uncle and a few men standing there.
"I brought Lily here for you" my uncle said.                                                                         "Why?"                                                                                                                                                                     "Surely you miss her don't you, I mean you did mention her in our talk" I actually asked why I don't remember Lily till I was nine, we have a five year difference so I should remember her from when I was five onwards. "I did but I left her at out Nana's to keep her safe, you just put her in danger again, why would you do something so stupid?" I yelled at him. He came forward and slapped me, leaving a huge read mark on my face. "You ungrateful girl, I do so much for you and this is how you speak to me" he's attitude had changed, last time we spoke he actually seemed like he wanted to help and he let me go so I could be free. Now he is angry and it doesn't seem like he wants to help me.  I figured it out, he wanted the stick, the only reason he let me go because I knew where Doctor Belmar's research was and he didn't. in fact even though Doctor Belmar injected me against my parents will, he still trusted me more and I think I might trust him more than most. "You want the memory stick don't you" his eyes widened. Then he let them sink as he didn't want to give away what he wanted. I presented the memory stick from my pocket. "You can have it, if you answer a few more questions" he scanned me up and down. "Ok" he replied.
"Lily is she adopted?" one of my theories why I couldn't remember her is that she had been adopted. "No she's not, she has your genetics" my genetics doesn't he mean my parents. It dawned upon me, apart from a few differences me and Lily were like Twins born years apart. I started shaking my head, this isn't possible.
"Yes Nina, Lily is a genetically made clone of you"
"No, I refuse to believe that!"
"You know it's true though whether you believe it or not, now may I have the memory stick as per your agreement?" I threw the memory stick on the floor and began stamping on it until it smashed into loads of pieces. "It's all yours" and then I bowed while also having a sarcastic grin on my face. "You just made a big mistake, Nina" after that he left, leaving me and Lily standing alone, she seemed to be dazed when I asked her if she was okay. I think they might have been controlling her because it's not like her to act the way she did when my uncle came. This was one big mess.
Me and Lily started walking, we went any direction and didn't once wonder where we were. After three hours of walking we stopped at a bus shelter which looked like it hadn't been used in a decade. "Nina, did you still love me?" Lily asked out of the blue.                                                                                                                                                                                                              "Of course I do, why wouldn't I?"                                                                                                                                    "Because I am a clone..." she began to cry profusely.