
"Lily you are your own person, but truthfully you do have a lot of mum in you" I smiled. Lily huffed then went back to looking at the ceiling. We both drifted off into a world of sleep. I awoke again and it was 7:23pm. Back down the stairs back to the emptiness back to the buzzing phone. It was now Penelope calling. I declined the call and checked my logs. 19 missed calls from Miriam, 3 from Penelope, 8 from Nicky, and 1 from an unknown caller. Cautiously I redialled the unknown number. It rang for a good two minutes before a women picked up. "Hello" I said.
"Hello Nina, you may not know me but I know you and were coming to get you"
I chucked the phone across the room and rushed upstairs; I told Lily to pack a bag then grabbed my car keys. I may not officially have my licence and I may still be 17 be I know how to drive. As Lily got into the car another car swerved round the corner at a high speed. I hoped in and started the engine as fast as possible. It was too late though the speeding car had already stopped in front of mine. The next best thing I could do was lock the doors. Two men got out the car and tapped on the window for me to wind it down. I shook my head frantically. The other man tapped my sister's window and pointed a gun to her head. I had no choice but to comply, I couldn't bare the thought of losing Lily too. I scrolled down the window. "Nina Lambert?" I nodded and the man passed me a letter. Then both men left in a hurry. I winded the window back up and then began to read the letter.

Dear Miss Nina Lambert

Apologies for the confrontation you have just encountered. It is most important you are safe during this time of power and greed. Enclosed in the envelope is a map to a safe house you and Lily must stay there still further notice.

Kind Regards

Mr O.

Re reading the letter five times didn't change the fact that someone was watching me and wanted me safe for some bizarre reason. I disregarded the instructions and drove to a place I knew I'd be safe and so would Lily. Nicky my mums friend and mine too. I pulled up outside her house and walked up to the door. I knocked twice. Stuart opened the door, Nicky's husband. "Hey, hope you don't mind us dropping in?" I half smiled. Stuart gestured for us to come in. We went through to the living room. Nicky was on the coach watching TV. "Hello, Lily and Nina, what are you doing skiving school?" Lily burst into tears being off school reminded her we were alone.
"Our schools allowed us both a week off, our parents are gone" Nicky's face turned from concerned to shock. I then explained everything that happened up until now. She nodded and seems to have understood but there was something in her eyes that feared the story I had told her. I switched on the news while she still comprehended everything. There was more breaking news. There was another reporter now called Kyle, he was tall and the camera was literally facing the sky. He was reporting at the science institute at Coventry. A break in, well multiple break-ins were reported. People were desperate to get the vile that would give them superpowers but not only that some were supposedly looking for records of test subjects that successfully have inherited powers. Those people who lived next to normal lives are now in danger.  This hoax had gone too far. Lily was calm now and I was in a right mind to go home, pack up and leave. There is nothing left here for me and Lily and with those weird men around it would be best if me and Lily started off somewhere new to start over. After about an hour I left with Lily, Nicky was reluctant to let us go but she knew we needed alone time. She told us she would be on speed dial if those men came back.