
Next stop I needed to go to was the facility it will probably give me the most answers. It was going to take a while to get there especially when I have no car or no money to get transport anymore. So I just started to walk. I walked for at least three hours before deciding to change course and walk home which wasn't that far. Finally home and wanting a steaming hot bath. Treading carefully over the broken pieces that were once attached accordingly to parts of my home I made my way up the stairs to the empty bathroom. I wanted closure to my parent's fate right now, I wanted to forget about them it hurt so much yet I had still mourned so little since I had my emotions back. The most dangerous place to be right now and I'm just standing here with an imaginary stamp saying come get me.
I ran a bath for myself and got in it with my clothes on and just lay there for a few minutes before being alarmed by some noises from downstairs. Making an abominable amount of noise getting out of the bath tub, I kicked myself mentally for my stupidity in the situation. Every step I made now consisted of a squidgy sound and water dripping. What a clever idea to get in a bath with your clothes on. I focused now on the load clangs coming from the kitchen.
I peered round the corner not to be greeted by another aggressive person wanting to steal my ability but the doctor who gave me it. "Doctor Belmar?" he turned to face me and looked shocked.
"Your alive, thank the lord"                                                                                                                                                       "What are you doing here?" I asked quizzically.
"I needed the chip, remember I gave it to you to hide"
"Yes I remember the chip but you also told me to never give it back to anyone including yourself if anything like the current situation happened" he looked anxious and panicked.
"Forget what I said, I need it" he walks up to me and clasps my arm. "Give it to me now" he screams.   "No" the doctor shoved me to the side and continued looking frantically for the chip. He had gone out of his mind. "Doctor Belmar listen to me you need to stop worrying whatever is going on you can solve it another way"                                                                                                                                                   "You don't understand..." he collapsed before he can say anymore. Even though doctor Belmar could have given me answers and a solution he wasn't in a normal state of mind. I dragged his limp body into the closet and jammed a chair underneath the handle to prevent him from escaping. I then changed out of my now damp clothes into a suitable attire that would fit for any situation; joggers and a hoody. I left out the back door this time just in case.
Making my way to the nearest bus station seemed to take forever. I still needed answers and the facility where this all started it has all the answers.