
"I'm better than you scumbags and I don't need an ability to stop you" just then Polo started coming at me with a knife and the other guy revealed his power to be fire manipulation. Now I was scared. I ran away back to the car to find Lily gone "Lily!" I screamed. "Lily, where are you?" I cried. Those men had her, I know it. "Nina, Lily is up there in the tree don't be so melodramatic, she is safe" the flying man said. "What can I do, you seem to know, so tell me maybe I can unlock my power if you tell me" I begged. "You have the ability to move things with your mind and hands, telekinesis"
"Good so I can do this" I saw a truck in the corner of my eye and flicked my hand to make it toss over towards the flying man. "I found out what I could do ten years ago, it's just I didn't regain my memories back till today" He flew away before the truck hit him. I brought Lily down from the tree with my power. She was unconscious and her pulse was very low. The flying man came back and so did Polo the person who could read minds. "I could fly her to a hospital, if you just give up your power, I'm sure you don't want to lose her on top of your parents death" he remarked.
"How did you know about my parents?"
"It was on the news dummy" he replied. He was right, the local news had aired it live and replayed it as if it were the best story they had ever got because nothing really happened here in the small town of Bromsgrove. "Help her first, and I'll give you my power you have my word" I said. The guy smiled.    "I don't trust you" he replied.                                                                                                                                       "Touché" we scanned each other's body movements and any signs of attack. The guy came to me and picked up Lily. "Watch her, if she makes one move, get pyro on her" I showed him solemn and sadness back then instead of anger and aggression because I knew he had sympathy in him. I also knew in my gut he would fulfil his part and deliver Lily to the hospital, I could tell he was a man of his word. As I waited patiently, Polo had his phone ready on speed dial. I'm just taking a hunch because of the name association Pyro was the fire guy and Pyro was his nickname. I could feel Lily within me, hurting, crying and all alone, I could risk losing her, and she is the world to me. Flying man came back with a gloomy face. "She is alright, in shock but all good" I smiled and acknowledged his soothing words. "Now do what you have to, take my powers" He walked towards me and looked ever so sad. Did he lie, is Lily not ok. "Can you feel it?" he asked. A bizarre question but I knew what he meant.    "It's a powerful side effect but it just reminds me I'm still human, sometimes they turn off and I feel nothing but then sometimes like now, I feel everything, a mixture of mine and others emotions floating and overwhelming me" he patted me on the back and then walked away. Polo followed him and they got into the car a drove off. Did he take my power? I concentrated on a small object across the way and pulled it with a force towards me. It came. He went through all that trouble to find me, hunt me and let me play possum for my power and just left without it. I ran to my car and drove to the hospital. Lily was stable and ready to go home when I got there.
