
January 16th 2014
It was 10 am when I awoke. My leg aced all over and my mouth was as dry as a ready salted crisps. I gasp Lilly. I hadn't thought about her during my motorway incident and they could have found her since. I know I told her a couple of days and I still haven't sorted anything out but I had to check on her. Sliding off the bed carefully, I stood up and limped over to a bag of clothes labelled "Patients clothes" great they kept my clothes but didn't wash them. I rip open the bag anyway and get changed into the dirty clothes. Leaving the room quietly, I made my way down the corridor to the steps and left the building through a fire exit. There was a bus just across the road but it didn't look like it was in service at the moment. Walking over towards the bus I saw the bus driver siting on the floor, smoking a cigarette. "Excuse me, Is this bus in service?" the driver looked at me with disappointment and then got up and got into the driver seat. I think he was hoping he could just stay here all day and not drive around a bus.
"£4.75 for a return and £2.75 for a single" he announced like there was a whole load of people waiting. I pulled out a £5 note and gave it to him and he gave me the change. I sat at the very back of the bus and then he pulled off. It took half an hour to get to my sister. I went straight into my Nana's house and Lily was on the couch watching TV. "Nina!" she screamed. I gave her a massive hug before going to find nana. She was in the kitchen baking cakes. "Nana, can I talk to you?" she turns and looks at me in disbelief. Then she starts whipping me with a towel. "What are you doing nana?"
"Your poor sister has been worried sick about you and did you forget to mention your parents have passed, you can't just leave like that in a time of crisis."
"I had to Lily's in danger, nana!"                                                                                                                                    "Danger of what her sister abandoning her"
"No you wouldn't understand, all you need to know is she is a lot safer with you than me"
"You're not leaving again are you?" Nana puts a stern face on and I know she's only saying these things because she loves me but I can't stay with risking both their lives. "I have to"
"What is Lily going to think, when her sister is constantly leaving her?" Nana asks.                                     "Lily knows" I simply reply and the go back to Lily in the living room. I never go to ask Nana what I wanted to ask but I'm sure it can wait for another time. "Lily I have to go again but I will be back ok, so you be good for Nana and don't contact anyone either" Lily nods.                                                                         "What happened Nina, to your clothes?"                                                                                                            "Nothing just ketchup" I smile.
"Don't lie are you hurt Nina?" I shake my head. Nana walks in with some clean clothes and hands them to me. "Keep safe, you understand me" Nana hadn't said anything about the stains on my clothes and I didn't think she noticed either not because she's old because she always has direct eye contact with the person she is talking to. I got changed as quickly as possible then headed out again.