
January 18th 2014
Two days later.
Big mistake should have never gone their especially alone. I was now a prisoner and no longer had the ability to use my powers as someone else is stopping me like and barrier or something. At least Lily is safe and sound with Nana. I was currently waiting for my hourly visit from mysterious guy, he just stood in the doorway opposite my cell and spoke with words that seemed scripted but yet something told me they weren't. Since my capturing yesterday I had already figured out their patterns.
A second later the mysterious man stood at the doorway again. This person was different, usually when captured you would be interrogated but he just told me stories of his life which I thought were fake and that's why I thought they were scripted but there was a certain element, I couldn't put my finger on it. "This hour I will tell the story of how we crossed paths Miss Lambert" I looked at him strangely; I don't recognise any part of him not even his voice. I proceeded to listen though.  "But you won't remember any of this because I ensured you would permanently forget me"
"It was I believe ten years ago, I first met you. You were a small seven year old child; with an imagination of a thousand men. I adored you at first, your innocence, naivety, kindness, and your passion to fight for what you see is right. You had fiery personality. Your parents made the mistake of trusting doctor Belmar but they found out too late. I promised them though if any predicaments happened I would protect you. I have sort of kept my word; you must understand I did not lock you up for evil purposes but for your own safety. Anyway back to what I was saying, I am your uncle Benjamin and it's nice to meet you again. Now I'll let you ask questions this time, I'm certain you have many."
"Why did I only first meet you my uncle at seven, where were you before?"
"I was in prison for the first two years of your life, when I left your parents thought I'd be a bad influence on you and a danger"
"Ok, why did you make me forget you permanently?"
"I had to, you ended up hating me, blamed me for everything"
"Blamed you for what?" I search for his eyes to see what lay behind, what he was holding back.
"I injected your mother with the serum for powers before even testing on you, your mother was with child and I killed that child that was the first thing you hated me for"
"I lost a sibling because of you" I looked down at the floor and tears started streaming down my face.
"Nina, I didn't mean too, you have to understand it was an accident"
"Whatever, just explain why I'm in this cell if it's not for evil purposes"
"Your power is manifesting, it hasn't been used for 4 years as it has been frozen"
"I never learnt to control it, did I?"
"No we had to manipulate your mind to think you could but even then you couldn't that's why you had your memories taken, it happened with the rest too, we think it's to do with the brain still developing and a child's lack of control of it at that age although you were quite a mature child and your results were better"
"Why was I injected in the first place?"
"That's were your parents stopped trusting doctor Belmar, he was looking after you at the lab one day while your parents were testing their abilities and he injected you as he wanted to see if children would project better results than adults, he had actually be secretly testing on other minors four years prior to you"
"My ability you said it was manifesting because it was frozen shouldn't that stop it from becoming stronger?"
"No"
"Lily why wasn't she around, because for some reason I don't remember Lily until two years after I was injected and Lily should have been around when I was seven"
"I'd rather not discuss Lily"
"I'd rather not be in this cell but here I am"
And just like that he left. Thanks for answering all my questions. Uncle. I'd do ask quite a lot of questions. I needed to get out of this place. I screamed in frustration.