
January 20th 2014
Two days and my supposed Uncle hadn't come back to check on me which was irritating because I had so many more questions. I had enough; my powers are not going to be supressed by someone. So I used my telekinetic force to push against whatever power was stopping me. It only requires me to apply a stronger outlet than the person. I had to focus. With all my power I had managed to use my telekinesis around me to form a small resilience. Just then two men burst into the room with what it appeared to be tranquiliser guns. "Stop whatever you're doing now" one guy commanded.  "No" I then sent a force outwards like a shock wave and the cell I'm in bends out wards and the men topple over one another. I'm then greeted by another person but female this time. "ENOUGH!" she screams.
"What am I too strong for your nullifying abilities?"
"You are here for your own protection, do you not understand that?" the women came forward into the light a bit more revealing her face which had a scar down the centre of her right eye. I knew this woman, I think. "I understand that but I am not an animal if you had treated me differently maybe I wouldn't act out!" I felt her nullifying abilities stopping me. "I am not to be controlled" I unleashed a force not even I knew I had. It sent everyone in the room flying and got the door of the cell.
I walked out with a smirk on my face. I know must finish what I started finding answers even though I badly wanting to go to see Lily but I couldn't do that every time or I'd never get anywhere. It took a while to find an exit to the building and when I got out I was greeted by my Uncle, great he's gonna force me to stay I presumed. "Nina I can't stop you, that is clear to me but I want you to know that when you start you can't stop, your power is alluring to you, it makes you do things you wouldn't even think of doing, be careful." I nod and walk off away from my Uncle. Alluring, kept floating in my head, I knew so little of the ins and outs of my power yet I knew how to use it perfectly fine in defensive ways. Sometimes aggressive ways too. I returned to Doctor Belmar's lab, it had been closed off by the police but that didn't stop me.
Glass shattered everywhere; cabinets emptied; I'd be surprised if there is anything left to find. I just needed to know how people could take others abilities. I remembered Doctor Belmar's concealed file cabinet in the cleaning closet. He told me it would be safer there because no one would look in a cleaning closet. I proceeded towards the closet and opened it up. I was not expecting what I saw next, a dead body tumbled out. I screamed a little but then composed myself.  I hoped over the body and found the filing cabinet untouched. Yanking it open, I was presented with a paper file and a memory stick. I took them out and then checked the other draws, they were all empty. All of his important work is on a memory stick and a single document. I slipped the stick into my pocket and then looked at the document. It was blank. Maybe you need a UV light to read what's on their. I found one in the lab and nothing appeared. Why would he keep a blank piece of paper! I scrunched up the paper and threw it in the bin. I was about to walk out but then the paper appeared again on the side next to me and it was flat again, no long crumpled. I stared blankly at the paper. I picked it up and looked at it intensely.
I heard glass being trodden on before I could observe the paper any more. I decided to hide behind the counter hoping they wouldn't come that far in. Expecting it to be someone dangerous I got ready to attack. I stood up to see Lily standing in the door way. "Lily!" I ran over and gave her a massive hug. "Nina, we need to go home"