
January 15th 2014
As I drove up to nana's house Lily paused then locked the door. "I'm not going" I sighed then unlocked the door. "Come on Lily, I will visit you in couple of days promise, I just need to short things out. She came reluctantly, I knew this was hard, I mean only two near three days ago our parents were killed but what was happening now was worse. I dropped her off then said goodbyes.
I drove to my friend's house, Miriam's. She was outside on the porch when I got there. I walked up, pacing myself. "Hey Miriam, what's wrong?"
"My parents are out again and I forgot my keys, so I'm stuck out here till they return"
"I have my car, we could go grab a bite" She smiled, and then punched me in the face.
"Guess what, I'm not Miriam" I heard the evil laughter as they chucked me into the car. I wasn't standing for this, a shape shifter I presume another who wanted my power. I pushed down the break telekinetically. The person now who I believed to be in their own form turned round and pulled out a roll of duct tape and started tapping my hands together. They really didn't know what they were doing, taping my hands just stops me using me hands. I can use telekinesis with my head. I now locked all the doors telekinetically and then lifted the car off the ground. The shape shifter was screaming in fear, ended up in a panic attack, I guess she has an extreme fear of heights.
As I lowered the car and van pulled up about twenty yards away. The shifter was now unconscious and I was removing the duct tape from my hands. I left the car promptly before being greeted by more people. "Hello sweetheart, are you the telekinetic?"  I pointed to the girl in the car and showed my hands with duct tape still on. They got the message I was trying to send them, so they told me to be on my way. They are going to get a big surprise when she wakes up and finds her to be a shifter. I now have lost my car, great. Looks like I'm walking and all my stuff I needed was in there. I'll wait then. I hid behind the bushes and trees opposite my car until the men left. I might as well take the car back, I mean it is my car and the just left it with the keys inside it. I ran back across and hoped in. As I drove off, the same van from earlier was behind me obviously they didn't leave. I put my foot on the gas. It was useless these people aren't giving up. I guess I need to halt the motorway completely. I stopped every car in visibility to me with my telekinesis. Not a single car moving but a lot of cars revving. So I turned all the engines of as well. Panicked voices emerged as everyone left their cars. That is what I wanted them to do, flee the scene so I could hurt no one innocent. The people in the van got out and pointed guns towards me obviously these ones didn't want my power they just wanted me dead which made me assume the shape shifter was dead too.
I got out of my car and faced the men. No shots were taken. "What do you want?" I yelled.
"Let's just say world peace" World peace this guy is having a laugh. I turned and began to run in the opposite direction, I wasn't sticking around for the finale. Gun fire began and I could feel bullets brushing past me and near missing. As I came up to a truck, a bullet finally hit me in the back of my left leg. Now limping down the motorway, I could not feel my leg at all. Avoiding to trip over anything, I now hoped along in the hope I could get away. Shooting had now stopped. I was losing a lot of blood with no intention of fixing the problem just yet.
Finally I reached a coach and got on it and kept my head down. I heard a few men troop pass the coach. Just as I thought things were getting better since I dropped Lilly at my Grandma's. Slowly pacing myself down the isle of the coach. I peered my head round the door to see if I could make a swift escape. The coast was clear and I hobbled out and paced myself to the side and up the grass area at the side of the motorway. As I got to the end of the grass, I was welcomed by police cars and fire trucks. Improvise I thought. "Help, my leg is wounded" two officers jogged over and assisted me to a police car. "Miss I need to ask a few questions, is that ok" I nod in hope I can answer with a convincing tone. "Why were you on the motorway?" seriously I would ask how did you get that wound first but there cops I'm not expecting them to question like the FBI or something. "I was in a car with my mum and then the motorway stops all of sudden and everyone gets out screaming, my mum told me to stay in the car while she goes to see what was wrong but then never came back" He nods and writes down some notes. "How did you get the wound?" Oh, they do ask relevant questions.                                                                                                                                                                         "I got out the car eventually to go find my mum and then these men were shooting and I got hit in the leg"                                                                                                                                                                        "did you see their faces" I shake my head. He writes a few more notes then clicks the pen and puts the notepad and pen away. "That will be all, there's an ambulance on the way to treat your wound"