

January 14th 2014

When I awoke in the early morn I found Lily sitting watching TV, she had been crying again I could see it in her eyes. I checked the time 6:15am. "Lily, have you tried eating any dried toast this morning?" I asked. I had to make sure she wasn't starving herself; I knew she had been sick but still having barely anything to eat and drink for almost two days wouldn't help her at all. Lily responded by going to the kitchen and making some toast. I followed behind and poured a glass of milk and a grabbed a cereal bar. I sat next to her. "Feel like going to school today?" I enquired but I already knew it be a no. She shook her head. I didn't bother phoning the schools, they already knew why we weren't there.

I sat down in front of the TV after breakfast. I flicked through the channels until I got bored and just put on BBC news. A flashing sign of breaking news appeared. At first I remarked to myself, oh good the prime minister has finally retired. It was much more than that though. A news lady by the name of Millie appeared on screen and behind her was a science institute. So then I assumed they have proved the egg came first. I was wrong again. Lily walked in and asked what's on. "Some breaking news lets listen to what the scientists say" I smirked. I saw a slight smile on Lily's face for a spilt second but then it faded. I turned the volume up on the TV then.

Millie said "Hello Amelia Prescott her at Coventry Advanced Science Institute, CASI for short. I am here with Doctor Ramon Belmar a genetic expert with the next big thing in mankind, so tell us Doctor what have you discovered?"                                                                                                               Ramon said "Well Amelia, it's more what we have created then discovered, in my right pocket is a vial that can modify the genetic makeup of a human being, giving those extraordinary powers"                Amelia said
"How do you know it works?"                                                                                                                        Ramon replied "Well we have been perfecting it for years, and with the help of human volunteers who had signed a contract in which stating they could potentially die from the enhancement, fortunately no one did as if one test vile failed we had the antidote to prevent  it from killing the volunteer. We have recently tested on one patient were the have shown no side effects and do have amazing abilities."                                                                                                                                                             Amelia paused then said "Just one?" and it was cut off. I knew scientists were a tad crazy but saying they could give people powers is absurd. Lily was memorised then a big grin came across her face, what was she thinking about. "Nina, this is great, we can go and see that man and I'll get superpowers that can bring mum and dad back!" she shrieked.
"Lily the man on TV is crazy; he doesn't really have the solution to give people powers" Lily began to cry, but I couldn't give her false hope that would hurt her more. The only way he is going to prove that that formula works is if he had the volunteer demonstrate their ability maybe it would have gone another way. I turned off the TV then went back to my room. I slumped back onto my bed, I didn't feel like doing anything but lie there my sister joined me a moment later. We both lay looking up at the ceiling for hours. "Nina, do I look like mum?"