
"D-don't" I stuttered out
"Avery, don't deny it I know you feel it too." Jace growled in my ear "I know you feel the sparks of electricity as much as I do!"
Jace Alexander Gilinsky. He was the Alpha, and that's all I knew. I didn't know what pack or where. Just Jace was the Alpha. He was also my mate, I had no idea what fate was thinking when it made us mates but there had to be a good reason.
"Jace Alexander Gilinsky, get off of me you mutt! "
I spat at him. I was a werewolf too just like Jace and I know we hated that word... Mutt. Jace's grip on my arms loosened and he stepped back away from me. I shoved him up against the wall and said, "Jace, you may be an Alpha, but remember, I'm an alpha's daughter and my brother is an Alpha. You have no power over me."
With that I walked out of the room.

FLASH BACK OVER ... 4 YEARS LATER
There was going to be a new student in my highschool ... Yeah yeah no big deal , but he was an Alpha . The Alpha of the Sunkissed Moon Pack in California, he also happens to be my mate, Jaime the Beta of the Sunkissed Moon Pack's , Alpha!!
ยง Avery... love are you ready yet? Jaime mind linked me
ยง Yes Jai, I am ... Let me grab my jacket and we are outta here I said, ending the link
I peeked out my window to see Jai sitting there on the hood of his Midnight Black challenger. I smiled and grabbed my jean jacket off of the hook on my bedroom door. I wanted to look speacial for the new Alpha. I had on a white strapless dress that ended mid-thigh with my jean jacket on top. My shoes wear light blue converse with white outlining. As for make up ... I put on mascara and some blush with a Hint of blue eyeshadow .
I ran down the stairs and out to Jai. He gave me a light peck on the cheeck and a Goodmornin beautiful before opening the passenger door to let me in. He ran over and got in, he then pulled out a small package carefully wrapped in a neat square.
"Happy Birthday Avey Baby. Hope you like it! " He said grinning. I tore open the paper and gasped. Even if it was a single song CD it was still 5 Seconds of Summer!!On the CD was their new single... Good Girl!!
I popped it into the CD player while Jai chuckled at me. It turned on and I sang along, we played it over and over until we parked at school...
"So forget what you thought! ...." Jai shut the car off. I stopped singing mid chorus and glared at him .
"I know you love me Avey!" He squeeled in a childish way
Just then there was a loud rap on my window and my door was jerked open. There stood a guy about 6'0 tall wearing Black sunglasses and a red bandanna. He had dark brown hair and Black eyes. I sensed the Alpha power rolling off of him ... This, was Jai's Alpha Jace.