
It didn't work.
This time I decided to speak and nudge him a lot harder and it finally worked.

"Trish?" He spoke, his voice raspy from being so thirsty.
"Niall you're okay!" I gasped feeling relieved that he's survived the transforming phase.
"What happened? Why do I feel so thirsty and sweaty? and what happened here?" He asked wide eyed as he slowly sat up. I helped him letting him settle down on the sofa.
"I own you a massive explanation but first answer my question, are you okay?" I said and sat down beside him. "Yeah but my throat is bloody itchy and it burns like hell." He coughed while scratching his neck trying to soothe the burning feeling.
"Well I'm glad to tell you that I can help you with that but I gotta tell you something important first." I smiled nervously. "Alright go on." He replied looking interested on what I was gonna say.
"I know you probably wouldn't believe me when I tell you this but I am a vampire and I-" I was interrupted as he gasped at me wide eyed like he has seen a terrifying creature.
"Woah-woah-woah-woah Hold the fuck up! Did I heard you right? You're a fucking vampire?" He gasped. "Yes Niall I am! But please let me finish explaining first okay? I have to tell you something very very important for you to know and you wouldn't catch it if you are gonna keep on interrupting me!" I hissed at him and he nodded with wide eyes and seems terrified.
"Thank you." I smiled and he smiled back. "Okay so back to what I was saying, I am a vampire and yes vampires are real and I decided to why not turn you into one but it's for a good cause tho so do not think that I am working for the bad side because I only work for the good side." I explained.
"Okay so how did you became a vampire?" He asked curiously.
"Well one night when I was supposed to have a date with Harry, he never showed up so I decided to go back home since its is already late. I walked past this empty road and there was a van and they forced me to go with them. I have no choice but to join them since I am defenseless and weak. Inside the van were 3 boys I learned that their names are Luke, Joseph and Max. They beat me up until I can't feel anything anymore. I was about to fall asleep when I felt something prick me and it turns out they injected some of their venom on my wrist. Then the next day I woke up and found out that I am a vampire." I told him.
"Okay last question, why did you turn me into one of your kind?" He asked.
"Well as you know Harry and Stephanie are seeing each other every single day behind my back and I'm sick of it and I want to put an end to it." I exclaimed rubbing the temples of my forehead. "Yeah everyone knows about your drama." He answered looking at me.
"I need your help Niall, I need you to help me stop this drama I've been dealing with ever since the night I was turned." I sighed but I didn't get any response from Niall.
"I mean you can say no if you don't want to, I can handle rejection." I muttered. "I honestly want to help you with this plan of yours Trisha." He smiled widely. "You do?" I gasped excitedly. "Yeah I really do! I want to help you end this drama you're facing every day!" He exclaimed happily.
"Thank you so much Niall! I thought you were gonna reject my offer." I smiled and hugged him tight. "I would never do that! You already have enough bitterness in your life, you don't deserve another one." He smiled and rubbed my back.