
(A/N: Enjoy this chapter and give it a fave! XX)
Today was another school day. Another day to fake a smirk, and another day to see the people who lied to me. I decided to go to school and plan revenge to the people who betrayed me, mostly Stephanie and Harry.
As soon as I walked in the school's hallway, I kept on hearing whispers of people talking about Harry and Stephanie's affair last night at the motel.
I even heard some whispered, "Trisha shouldn't know" but too late, I already knew it before they even did. I mentally laughed because these people don't know the truth about me. I walked to my locker and saw Harry faking a smile at me.
"Hey Trish!" He smiled, fakeness obvious in his tone. "Hey Harry." I replied not making an eye contact. There was awkward silence until I decided to break it.
"Uh Harry?" I asked. "Yes?" He replied.
"What are those people talking about? Mind sharing me?" I asked.
"About their everyday lives I guess." He shrugged. I mentally laughed evilly. Ha! Keep on lying Harry! But I already know it and lying wouldn't change that.
I just gave him a small smile and continued organizing my things inside the locker.
"So uhm, Do you want me to walk you to class?" He asked.
"No it's okay Harry, I can walk by myself." I smiled fakely.
"Fine, I guess I'll see you later." He said and walked off leaving me at my locker.
I decided to follow him on where he was headed. He stopped walking and went inside the gym, aka. where the jocks hang out. Luke and Ashton went beside him and started talking to him.
I used my hearing powers to find out what they were talking about.
"Hey Harry how's it going?" Luke asked and did a manly handshake with Harry.
"I'm fine I guess." Harry shrugged. "Hey mate, when are you getting rid of that freak Trisha?" Ashton asked. "Probably later I guess, It would be easy as writing your name." Harry chuckled which made the two other boys laugh too.
That's when I got a revenge idea and I'm sure Harry's gonna struggle on letting me go. Get ready everyone to see the other side of me.
.
.
.
[A/N: Hey guys! This is just a filler chapter! Fave, Comment and Share! Love you all! xx]