
(A/N: I will always write this story in Trisha's POV :) Enjoy!!)
One bite changed it all. My skin turned pale and my hair became more vibrant. Everynight my body is craving for a thick red liquid, blood. Fangs comes out of my gums everytime I'm thirsty. I kill innocent people just to drink the liquid that makes me stronger everyday. My eyes turn red whenever I smell blood. You can call me, a vampire.
Today was Monday which means that I'll get to see the people who kept on lying to me. But one day I'll stop all these shitty business. As I walked down the corridors of my school, almost everyone's eyes are on me, glaring at me. I felt a warm body hugging me from behind. I turned around and saw Harry smiling, I quickly smiled back trying to hide the anger in my eyes.
"Hey Trish!" He smiled. "Hi Harry." I smiled back. "So uh, can I join you later at your place?" He asked. "Uh no Harry, I have plans." I sighed trying my best to hide the anger. "Oh Okay me too." He smiled. "Bye I gotta go." He smiled fakely while walking away. When I saw that he was no where in sight, I quickly removed my fake smirk. I followed his scent until it stopped inside the library. I used my hearing powers to find out what they were talking about.
"Hey Baby? Later? Motel? Okay?" Harry chuckled at Stephanie.
"Sure Hazzy!" Stephanie squealed. Ugh I hate her so bad for doing this to me. I didn't know that I was crying until I felt wetness on my cheeks. I quickly wiped them away and proceeded on classes. The school day went by fast as I thought it would. On dismissal I quickly went home and decided to follow Harry's scent and it lead me into a motel near the Central. I went inside the motel and followed Harry's scent until it lead me into a motel room door. I saw a don't disturb sign on the handle. I used my invisibility power so that I could go inside the motel room without getting noticed.
When I walked in, I saw Harry and Stephanie kissing their faces off.
"Harry? Did you loved Trisha?" Stephanie asked Harry worriedly.
"No. I just used her to get to you. You know that I'll never love her." He smirked at Stephanie and she giggled in happiness.
Those words repeated inside my mind and it hurt me like I was stabbed on the chest with a million daggers. I decided to leave the room by the window to escape all this bullshit. Before I left I whispered something to Harry, "Liar." I whispered angrily. I decided to go out for a hunt to lessen my anger over Harry. I went into a dark alley and drank blood from a drunk slut. After that I decided to go hom and cried my eyes to sleep.
All Harry's words keep on repeating in my head.
Revenge will come Harry, revenge.


[ A/N: HOW'S THE FIRST CHAPTER?  FAVE, COMMENT AND SHARE THIS STORY! loVE YOU ALL!]
-MARS XX