
Small bump chapter 1"What do you think the future holds?" I asked chandler as our hands were intertwined. "Hmm being the #1 bachelor in the world" he joked "I'm being serious. When you close your eyes what do you see?" I askedHe closed his eyes, then opened them."You and I. In a small house with a one or two kids. Maybe a a dog" he said "but of course that's all in like 10 years from now" I smiled at him and cuddled up to him as the vanossgaming video kept playing "What do you see?" He asked I closed my eyes"I see me looking at a baby that looks just like you. Your standing next to me with a walking dead baby onsie and begging me to let our baby put it on" I told himHe chuckled and continued to watch vanoss vs the bikeA week passed since then and we were filming another episode of the walking dead. "They can't keep us in here!" I yelled as I kicked the prison bars"They can and they are" chandler saidI was about to say my line but then, I felt a bit sick. I opened the cell and ran to the bathroom. I swung the door open and barfed into the toilet. Emily opened the door"Are you okay Aria?" She asked I shook my head, knowing why"Whats wrong?" She askedI looked up and brought my legs to my chest as a tear started to fall."I-I think I'm pregnant" I said and hugged my legs closer. I felt Emily's arms wrap around meI heard the door open"Are you okay because chandler is anxiously waiting for you outside of the girls bathroom. Also Frank wants to start that scene over again" Allison asked, she playing as the new love interest for Rick. "I'm fine now" I said and got up. "Good" Allison said then left"I'm taking you to the hospital after this to see if your pregnant" Emily told me"Okay" I said wiping away my tearsI walked out with Emily. Chandler wrapped his arms around me"Are you okay?" He asked"I'm fine. Let's go back to film" I told him"Hey, hey have you been crying?" He asked"Just a bit. Bad stomach pain" I lied"Just making sure" he said and kissed my foreheadAfter a long shoot Emily and I were heading to the hospital. We got checked in. We then sat for the longest time. Time went by slowly as it possibly can. I wrapped my arms around my stomach security. "Ariana Jones" the nurse calledI got up and started walking to the door. I looked back to see Emily still sitting"Please come Emily" I asked"Okay" she said and got upWe in, measured my height then weight. Then finally let me into a room. "Okay what seems to be the matter?" The nurse asked "I-I might be pregnant" I said"Well congra-" the nurse started"NO! NO CONGRATS! IM 16 AND HAVE A ACTING CAREER KEEP! AND PEOPLE JUDGE EVERY. MOVE. I. MAKE!" I yelled Emily looked surprised "I-I'm so sorry" I said and looked down"It's okay. I get a lot of hormonal girls" the nurse said "keep still I'm just going to take some blood"The nurse stabbed right into my arm and took some blood. "Please go pee in this cup" the nurse saidI picked up the cup and went to the bathroom. I looked into the mirror and picked up my shirt. To see my belly. I placed my hand on my belly"How am I going to do this?" I whisperedI took a piss and brought it back. Emily and I waited. We watched the clock in silence. "What are you going to do if your...ya know" Emily asked breaking the silence"Die-" I started"WHAT!?" Emily screamed"In the show...I'm quitting. Moving. Raising it on my own" I said"What about adoption? Abortion?" Emily asked"Abortion not happening. Adoption...I don't think I can" I said"Why would you quit or leave? They can make something up! Like you have a kid with some person that raped you or Carl and you accidentally have a kid. It'll add more drama!" Emily said"I don't want Chandler to know. I'll ruin his career and life. The media will ruin him" I told herThe doctor soon came in"Hello I'm doctor Sonya, it seems that the test results are in. Your 7 weeks pregnant" she told meI looked down"Now we can talk about your options" she said"I'm keeping it" I said"Okay. Well there is some high risks during pregnancy and birth since your so young" she told meI looked at my stomach and placed my hand on it. "I'm keeping it" I told the doctor"Well okay. You can go on your way" the doctor said as we walked awayWhen we were finally in the car we drove to my house. I walked in and my sister was cooking dinner."Jessi you should sit down before I tell you this" I said"What Aria?" She asked turning off the stove and sat down. "Jessi...I'm quitting the walking dead" I told her"What!? You love that job!" She yelled"I'm quitting because I'm pregnant and keeping it. I don't want chandler to find out so we have to move back to Oregon" I told her"I'm shocked. What are you going to tell chandler?" She asked"I don't know yet. I'm breaking up with him tomorrow" I told herJessi hugged me"I'm not 100% agreeing on this but I'll support you with your decisions" she told meThe next day I told Frank and the producers I was quitting and we should stage my characters death. "Aria! You haven't talked to me since yesterday" chandler ran up to me and said"I'm quitting" I said"Why?" He asked "I'll tell you later" I told him and we walked to the cell"Okay so we did minor changes to the script. So this will be pretty quick to practice then we're going straight into filming" Frank saidAfter practicing a few times we got into filming. "C'mon girl" Jace demanded"She's not going anywhere with you" chandler said "Oh I'm not going to hurt her" Jace told chandler"It's okay Carl I'll be fine. If anything happens, I'll always be with you" I kissed chandler and followed Jace"And CUT!" Frank yelled "okay so Aria, Jace we need to film a extra scene just in case" A writer gave us a script. After the extra scene I walked out and sat at the curve to wait for chandler. He always comes here when after he has a shoot. Wow I know him well. He came over and sat next to me"So why did you quit?" Chandler asked"I-I can't work without you anymore" I told him"If it's the hate we can work through it" chandler said"No it's not that. We need to break up" I told him"Why?" He asked I looked at his eyes and saw tears at the corner. I then knew what I had to do...make him hate me"I cheated on you" I lied"What!?" He yelled getting upI looked down, I could hear his heart shattering. "I'm sorry" I said and walked to my carWhen I got into my car, I brought up my legs and broke. I looked down at my small developing bump."You better be worth it" I said