
5 months later...     You are probably wondering how I survived these five months without thinking of committing suicide or tried to swim across the ocean until I was a fair distance away from the island. Or how I just tried to thirst myself and die...     Well, I didn't do any of that for sure.      For these last few months, I started to get used to this place-but that doesn't mean I actually liked it-, we already started with the physical activities and material arts, using a gun didn't become that hard anymore, getting along with everyone was hard but achievable.     And no. If you are wondering about the incident that happened 5 months ago, I didn't drink the blood from a person directly-fortunately- it was just a blood bag.     The relief I felt was indescribable. But I still felt a bit ashamed of myself since I didn't have any control.    Dr.Ali then knew that I have a lack of control for blood, it almost lacks as much as for thirsty-bloods. Fortunately though, he found a chemical formula that will keep my conscious in control and made it in a form of pills. Now, I maximise how much blood I take. But I hate how I am not indifferent to everyone else.    Every person in the VHO has the right to have one bag of blood each week, however, I take two every month, which makes me less used to drinking it.    Sometimes, Mr.Arnold made a rule of the amount of effort I am making equals the amount of blood I will gain. Which is quite cruel in my opinion.       Mr.Arnold and I started getting used to each other, but we still argue though. We started having this weird relationship that you kind of don't know where to categorize. We always argue but we sometimes also have our moments, and they were a lot. I feel like he's a really important person to me, but what am I supposed to call him? General? Master? Teacher? Advicer? Helper?     Father?  A small voice in my mind said. But no, that's not possible. Mr.Arnold is too much of a busy man to even be in a relationship, I haven't even known him for that long either.      It's confusing really, trying to know what kind of place a person can have in your life. An enemy. A friend. A lover even. But you never know until you see it by yourself, by their actions and the way they look at you, you will probably know.        As for the other three-Roby, Jessie and Jonas- I already got very close to them as we started getting used to each other, and I had my moment with each of them too but mostly Roby.    Roby was the most of them that gave me more attention. He promised me lifelong friendship.  And I myself don't know how grateful to that kind of promise.--------    Right now, I am at the training room throwing a few punches and kicks at a sand bag.     No, I don't sweat, but my fists feel a little bit numb and my concentration is completely focused on the punching bag. Imagining it as a particular person makes training more meaningful and easy.     If you think I have forgotten, then keep dreaming. My hatered for that person has grown even more to the extent words can't describe it anymore. Every word he says, every announcement he does, makes me feel  more and more suspicious of him. Like he is planning something, and that he is taking it slowly, he's taking it way too gently, as gently as how you hold a newborn that still doesn't even see properly. And that somehow makes me want to go faster, faster than a leopard running after its pry, faster than an arrow reaching its target, and most of all, faster than a bullet shooting for a person's heart.      "How about a break?" A familiar voice said from behind me. I stopped punching and looked behind to find Jessie standing shaking a bottle of water in her hand.     Jessie is the girliest between the two of us, she's the spirit of the group. Always suggesting crazy things but at the same time can be the most wise of us. The blonde never gives up her girly looks and Lolita dresses, for her, it's a sign to never mess with her. For me, it says she's very approachable.      "Will do." I walked from beside her and snatched the bottle. She scoffed and followed me towards the bench that was beside the wall.      "What brought you here?" I asked as I took a huge gulp of water. Yes, we do drink water as much as humans do, most of components of blood have water in it so we don't really mind drinking it as it keeps our body from rotting since we are all half dead. So yes, water is important.     "Am I not allowed to visit my dear friend?" She says dramatically putting a hand over her heart.    "What do you want?" I asked with a raised eyebrow.   "Oh, you know me too well for five months." She punched me lightly on the shoulder. "I have a history quiz that I really need to pass."    "And?"     "And, I really need your help! Come on, Rose. You know you are the smartest one among us. No, among the whole school, help me!"    I smirked proudly. I am the smartest one here, the half-blooded vampires are generally smarter than vampires and even slightly smarter than humans, since humans are much smarter than vampires. Pretty much most of the students around the school ask me questions related to their lessons and such. At first, it was kind of hard to understand what they were talking about in class, but with a little help by Dr.Ali, I got it all well.     Honestly, I do have the right to have some pride. Who can learn and  understand all their years of studying in 5 months?     "Of course I am the smartest one here." I said not facing Jessie as she was holding onto my arm begging me. She let go and slapped me at the same area.    "Tsk. Tsk. Rose, darling, this huge ego of yours will get you nowhere."     I grinned.   "We'll see." I said.     We then heard very ungracios laughter coming from the door of the room we tried to see whose there but we already knew.    Roby and Jonas.     They came in and all I had to think was. Where was the handsome charming prince I saw when I first woke up? Because let me tell you, he looks unbelievable.     Jonas wanted to turn Roby from the softy he was to, what he called, badass. And it didn't end well.       Instead of the million dollars shoes, he started wearing combat boots, from the creamy slacks, he started wearing ripped jeans,  and of course,  let's not forget, the leather jacket.     His hair is a different story, instead of the silky blonde combed hair, there became black strikes and the look of "I wake up like this".    But nobody from the female population in the school argued about that new look of course.