
Everyone in the class went quiet. The tension was so thick. They all knew. They all knew I am the only one of my breed at the moment. And it wasn't helping when Dr.Ali emphasized my breed as 'the strongest and cleverest among our kind'
Dr.Ali cleared his throat. "Okay, so, the formation of a half-blooded or as we call them: the H.V, is pretty complicated but it is different complicated than a supernatural complicated."
"What does that mean?" Surprisingly, it was a French accent, and who is the only French I know: Jessie.
"A H.V is a vampire that has drank all of a vampire's blood and took hold of all their powers."
"That happens sometimes, why does an H.V appear so rarely?" A boy sitting beside me asked. I looked at him and raised my eyebrows, he has the nerve to ask as if I am not even here. Dr.Ali noticed that I was disturbed, even Roby and Jessie did (Jonas was ditching). But they didn't do anything about it.
"An H.V's powers depends on their hearts in a deep way, a strong hearted person is the one that can take hold of the powers, but if they can't, they die. Now an H.V has levels of powers, these levels are the only way to let that vampire have the ability to do things a normal vampire can't, and since humans are already known to be sharper than us, and An H.V is half human, half vampire, they are expectedly smarter than vampires and on the same level as humans, sometimes, even more. An H.V has his levels in a way that they may be able to have all the powers among most of the supernatural family, a lot of information couldn't be taken hold of since their life span is a little bit shorter. And that's all that we have for today's lesson." And with that, the bell rang. _______________      After three hours of Dr.Ali explaining the things I missed for my whole life. I didn't even know what's a cell....
I missed lunch but I didn't feel hungry anyway. While I was walking to the dorms, every single person gave me these looks and all their faces were showing the same things:
Envy. Sympathy. Pity.
But what was odd, is that there was that..... There was hate too. A lot of it.
"Rose!" I heard a familiar voice and looked back finding Roby running towards me. "I was looking for you. Where were you?" He asked.
"Dr.Ali was reminding me of what I forgot." I mumbled while looking anywhere but him. It was really irritating, I hated it so badly. Always being treated like I was an alien, something they have never seen before. Always being the special didn't make me feel special at all. All the looks of sympathy, pity, hate and envy all sounded so familiar to me. Like I have felt them before, my heart ached. I didn't want to look at anyone right now.
"Let me walk you to the dorms." He offered.
"I am okay, Roby. Please stop acting like my mother." I don't have one. A voice said inside of my head.
"Um,okay." He said and walked away. I think I did something wrong.
As I turned around I came face to face to a slightly familiar face. Damon. Well, let me inform you about him. Damon Nissismi, one of General Eric's students. Strangely, all of General Eric's students were all popular among the other students. They are a weird group, but I still didn't understand why they were all so outstanding.
He just looked me up and down with a disgusted face and then walked away. You serious? I thought to myself.
I reached the dorms and the last thing I thought of was sleeping. It was 6:00 pm anyway. I decided to go to Mr.Arnold and do some extra training.