
My eyes slowly fluttered open as I take in my surroundings not having any memory of what happened before.
I was in Dr.Ali's room. Outside the room looked empty, it seems to be nighttime. I found Roby sitting on a chair looking worried and running his fingers through his silky hair every once in a while. He looked up at me and smiled brightly as he realized I am awake.
This boy has a problem with smiling.
How could he smile like that? Always and always smiling like everything was alright and that the world is big happy place. As much as it irritated me, a part of felt like Roby's smile gave me some hope to live on.
"You're awake." He said gleamfully as if I slept for another ten years.
"What hap-" I was about to ask, I was about to ask about what happened before I fainted, but it all hit me like a brick. My mind felt like there were lots of pounds weighing it down.
The basement. The thirst. The pain. Dr.Ali. The blood."No, don't tell me. I don't want to anymore." I said waving my hand and rubbing my temple with the other. I don't want to know anything anymore. It became suffocating. It was like two hands around my neck and whenever I asked a question and demanded to know something, these hands will squeeze more until I feel like one day, I will be choked to death.And these hands seemed to be nobody's but mine.Maybe that's why they wouldn't let me know from the beginning, but I doubt. They have their reasons and I don't want to know anymore. "The Doctor said-" "I. Said. I. Don't. Want. To. Know. Anymore." I said lowly almost in a growl. And right at that moment, I realized I have become a monster. No matter how much I tried to defy it and no matter how much I tried to convince myself I am not, it just all came in place. I survive on blood. I am born to kill. I have sharp canines. I am ignorant.And that all came under one category. A monster.
The room became silent again, until the door opened and Mr.Arnold entered. "Is she okay?" He asked. "Physically." Muttered Roby. "What do you mean by that?" I asked offensively without looking at them. "Rose, you look miserable." Mr.Arnold said sternly. "Do you even kno-" "I don't want to know what happened. I don't want to know anything anymore, isn't that how a monster is supposed to live? Aren't I one? I am sick of the endless fantasies you keep saying about being heros who are going to save the humankind from the grotesque creatures while are just one of them, how does that makes any different when we still kill. Don't we still use them as much as they are? What's the difference ? Is it because we are more in the safe zone but not they aren't? Why can't there be a safe zone for everyone? Why can't there be a safe zone for me?! Killing your kind is alright, however killing someone that can safe your sorry arse from thirst is just plain pathetic and pitiful. Oh, I am sorry, I am ignorant. I don't know anything, I decided to be one, since I don't want to know about this sorry, pathetic excuse of life. It's been almost a week, and I feel like I am drowning to the deepest depth of the ocean. I don't want this anymore, it's too much!" I cried. I didn't cry if you are wondering. I was shouting, ranting like a lunatic. Because that's pretty much what I was."Rose!" Mr.Arnold was already in front of me gripping my shoulders. "Get a hold onto yourself! You can't be like this! Do you think being left in the dark is alright? Do you think not knowing anything will help you? No. It will simply drown you more. And don't ever think of yourself as a monster! This was not your fault being like this! And if you look at all of the existence of this world and upon all the creatures, we all will be labeled as monsters." He tightened his grip on my shoulder when he said that. I gaped at him, I didn't know what to say, I was simply speechless. Hearing Mr.Arnold say that makes me feel like he has gone through this, has everyone gone through this? Am I not the only one? The fact that Mr.Arnold said this to me makes my heart flutter, I felt like I had a guide. Like I am not going through this pumps road alone, like I had someone to lean on and this itself, brought tears to my eyes.    "I think she needs a moment." Mr.Arnold said as he let go of my shoulder and descended to the door. Roby gave me a smile before following after him.    Left in silence. I got one conclusion.     Going to a war without a weapon or strength is like welcoming death with open arms.     I think I will have to let go of my revenge for a while...