
I looked at Roby in horror as he looked back with a face void of emotion. Like he doesn't know what to do anymore, it was his eyes that described that. Was he supposed to hate me or support me? The fact that I drank his best friend's blood until the last sip wasn't something to support me for ,that's for sure.
It became deathly quite, the wind didn't feel comfortable anymore, it felt like it was the silence before the storm. We didn't break eye contact until I couldn't face his piercing gaze, I was paranoid.
I looked away and then huffed, and then did the thing I didn't know I was capable of.
I laughed.
It wasn't a humorous laugh. It was like an amused villain's laugh after hearing the courageous speech of the hero in the story.
And it wasn't amusing the least I could say. However, the laugh made me feel cold inside. I felt like I was the reason all of this was happening. I felt like I was the Snow Queen with the icy heart that has no understanding or mercy over the people that tried to disturb her.
"You're lying." I stopped laughing and looked coldly at him as my heart could be. "I can see that you're lying."
However Roby remained with silent tears trickling down his pale cheeks, his crimson eyes almost looked lifeless. I took a few steps toward him and reached down his level and grabbed him by the colar. Hard.
I felt the stinging sensation of my tears threatening to fall. But I didn't let them. I felt like there was a lump in my throat.
"Please." I pleaded. " Please tell me you are lying. Please tell me my hands have never and never will be filthed with blood. Please."
This time it was him that gave a small humorless laugh and then he wiped away his tears with back of his hand while looking away from me.
"Running away from reality won't make it unreal Rose. Please understand that." He whispered in almost an inaudible voice. But I heard him clear and sound.
I looked down at my hands that were curled into fists as they held onto Roby's shirt.
This time. I let it slip. And I let go....~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°
Curled up into a ball of duvet is one of the many things I can describe myself as in this moment. I just sat there inside with a small gape for My eyes and to stare at absolutely nothing.
I was like that for almost four hours now, I hadn't moved an inch. I think I look pertifying to anyone who would enter the room, my eyes were shining the whole time, I knew because as I looked at my hands I saw a red light on it, it was my eyes. I don't know if I was actually like that the whole time, but I think it was quite imitading to other people that would see them as so.
I wasn't in that state because of shock or self-pity. I was simply thinking, thinking of who is the center of all of this and who is the one that was the main reason of me being kidnapped and taken away from what was of of my previous life.
"Rose. Can you please get out?" It was Jessie. Everyone had tried with me to get out, but I was in another world.
Until it clicked.
It was him that did all of that, it was him that made that rule, and it was him that will pay for it. I just wonder how many lives had he thought he controlled and pulled them into the world of these devils and murderers.
"I am going to kill him." I whispered lowly as my teeth were grinding against each other, I almost growled like a wild wolf that didn't want to do anything but get vengeance for his loved ones. And I will get it.