
School wasn't a very pleasant experience.
I didn't understand most of the things Dr.Ali said. And he knew that. So he had to go very patiently with me until I understood.
Seven hours of learning and teachers I probably didn't know or recognise as the whole class knew them. It was unbelievably bad.
Roby helped me a lot. And finally the final bell rang.
I picked my things in a hurry. I even had trouble in remembering simple things as a pencil or a copybook.
"How was your first day, Rose?" Dr.Ali said as he placed his hands in his white coat while approaching me.
"I never expected school to be that boring." I muttered.
He chuckled softly. "You will get used to it."
Suddenly an unknown voice came out of nowhere. "All first year students are required to go to the school's theatre. I repeat......"
"You heard him Rose." Roby said. "Let's go."
I followed Roby down the hallway with the other first year students until we reached the end of the hallway. There was a gate that had the sign Theatre above it.
The door was pushed open and students started flooding in.
Everybody was so familiar with the place. Even though they were first years just like me. It irritated me that everyone knows something but I don't. I didn't like the feeling of it.
Everyone grabbed a seat. Jessie joined us with another unfamiliar dark skinned boy. He had handsome features and his body looked masculer enough. He smiled warmly at me. And I just kept staring at him.
"Hi, I am Jonas. You must be Rose." He said. His accent was completely different. It was kind of funny. But I liked the accent though.
"Why do you speak like that?" I asked with my eyebrows forrowed.
"Speak like what?"
"Like how you are speaking right now."
"Yo, I am not an English ass like you. There's different accents, you know." He said and there was irritation in his voice.
"Slowly on the girl, Jonas." Said Roby. "Let's just grab some seats."
We all sat down together and they were chatting about something I didn't know. It was slightly annoying but I let it slip.
Finally, a man that seemed to be in his mid 40s appeared in the middle of the stage.
"Hello everyone," he had a weird thing that looked like one of the brushes I saw in my bathroom but didn't have any spikes around it.
"If you are wondering, that's called a microphone and it helps making our voices louder." Whispered Jones on my ear. I slowly nodded at him and held my attention back to the stage.
"Today, we are gathered for our generals' next destined students." Everyone started whispering and frowns were all over their faces. Roby didn't look slightly affected neither did Jonas or Jessie. It's like they knew about it.
"We know that the last five years was different and that everyone had to choose the general they wanted to be trained by. But, there was a lot of chaos and fights because the generals chose a specific amount of students." He sighed. "So, this year it will be a bit different." Suddenly, people came and passed to everyone a piece of lime-green paper.
"With the paper you have. You will choose three parteners to be with you. These three will be definitely your teammates as a specific general's students. Now please give a round of applause to your heroes and inspiration, the 5 Generals."
^^^^^^^^^Don't hate me. I know this is a short chapter, but I didn't want you to wait. And alsoooooo. Thanks for the 100 readers, I know it's not that much but I want to be grateful.Thank you xXxXCOMMENT
VOTE
&SHARE WITH FRIENDS