
So this is how my life started, I think. I don't know how it was. I don't know who am I. Who am I? How did it all start? I don't know.My eyes flutter open in an instance, like the dead coming back to life. Everything felt vague, it was so bright I couldn't see properly. My mind was like a blank sheet, waiting for someone to write on it. I was trying to remember something, anything, but there was no use of trying.I moved my head to the side, my eyes started adjusting to the light and then I saw the clock that clung on the wall.
I looked at the clock it was 10:00 am and the date was first of January, 1990. I found it quiet strange that I understood what it meant.I was lying down on my back with something wrapping itself around me, I tried to get it off me and somehow succeeded. It was hair, lots of it, it was as black as darkness and soft as silk, but it was as disturbing as the sound of unrythmic ringing bells. The room I was in wasn't very big or very small. It's lights were very bright or maybe that was just from my perspective. There was a chair and a table on the right side of the bed. The table was sticking to the wall whilst the chair was facing the bed as if someone was sitting there.
There were some alienic tubes stuck into my wrist. I removed them and surprisingly it didn't hurt, just a little blood came out. It looked so tempting to just lick it. So I did. I didn't feel anything rather than a little bit of satisfaction and a little bit more of wanting more of it. But I had something else to worry about at the moment.
When I got off the bed. I fell over the floor. My legs felt like they were dead and I couldn't get up. I finally managed to stand up by leaning on the furniture in the room. It's like I am just learning to walk. From the bed to the chair from the chair to the table and from the table to the doorknob. I smiled victoriosly to myself as I let go of the doorknob, but I fell over again. After I got out, I was met with a long hallway. Since I was walking in a hall I leaned on the wall. I was as slow as a turtle. I didn't notice where I was going or what was my exact destination was. All I knew is that I have to go. It's like an instinct in me that tells me to not just stay here.
It was a long walk until I finally can walk by myself. While I was walking I saw a decorated mirror. It was gold in colour and had flowers and leaves around, it looked ancient and enchanting. I went there wondering how I looked like.
What I saw made me gasp and made my eyes pop out of my sockets. The person I saw in the reflection petrified me. Eyes were as red as the blood that dropped from my cut. The skin was so pale you can define the veins on the cheeks, lips so red and plump like how it looks like after eating strawberry. But not in the attractive way.The face was so thin that you almost can define the features properly.I raised my hand and the person in the mirror raised its hand along with me. I placed it slowly on my cheeks and it mimicked my action. It was very terrifying. Knowing that the person in the mirror is myself. I opened my mouth, gawking in shock and horrification, and what I saw was worse. A pair of fangs were there instead of my canines. Sharp as diamonds it looked, as if it could cut through platinum. I placed my hand on my mouth and closed my eyes. I couldn't believe what I saw, it was like the devil is trying to play with my head, I was going insane. Imagine waking up and everything hits you like a wrecking ball, crushing whatever that was on the way, and that's exactly what was happening to me. I opened my eyes again hoping that all of this wasn't really. Slow as ever, I open them. And I see myself, but it wasn't a look of mortification that was on my face as I thought it was. My reflection was just looking blankly at me. No emotion or whatsoever, and then a look of pride and victory comes into its eyes, I frown in confusion and lean in to have a good look at myself. My heart was beating faster by the minute, there was no sound heard as I just kept looking at my reflection in utter confusion. And then it smirked."Boo!" It said.All the air inside my lungs was gone, my heart was racing so fast every pump of blood felt like a punch in the chest. And in no time I looked away from the mirror and leaned my back against the wall that was beside it. What was that? How did that happen? Was that really me? Why do I look so monstrous? Why do I look like someone who is ready to take lives away?Why do I look like a killer? Have you ever in your life felt like you are completely by yourself and left to wonder alone about this puzzling maze that just makes your mind into knots and you find yourself going insane? Because that's how I feel right now. Apprehension had taken over me and I didn't look back as I started running in the other direction.