
Hey guys. So I just wanted to say that I am sorry for being slow in updating. But I have a life. So be patient with me! (〒︿〒)(〒︿〒)
$$$$$$$$$$$
Five persons were on the stage. Just by glancing at their faces, you can see the greatness in their eyes.
The first person  was a male. He was good-looking for someone that seemed to be in his late twenties. He had a defined jaw line and a thin, sharp nose. His skin was slightly tanned and less pale than the other vampires in the room. He had a blank expression on his face. He seemed tough. He was wearing a black coat with red lines around it, defining the design and making his muscles on show. Every general was wearing the same coat. What caught my attention was the weird thing behind his back.
The second person beside him was a woman. She was absolutely beautiful. She had blonde hair that stopped before her shoulder she wasn't very fat nor very slim. She was perfect. There was a slight smile as she kept glancing around the room.
Beside the woman stood a boy, he was no older than 16. His blonde hair was completely pulled to the back making it look sloppy. The boy's features said that he was a complete immature but his expression said otherwise.
The fourth person was a well-built old looking man. For his age, he was smashing. His hair was dirty blonde and looked shiny and silky. It stopped just beneath his ears. He was in fact a person to admire. There was a belt around his coat on each side there was an upside down L shaped pocket. The man had a confident smile on his face.
The last person, he held an arrogant smile. Most of the generals had the confident smile. But him, his smile said that he upptied us, and no one can surpass his greatness. It was frustrating. I felt like I should hate this guy for whatsoever he did.
His face was circular and his Orange-ish brown hair was almost shaved. He had facial hair all over his chin down to his neck. There was some kind of tall thin tube under his coat.
When I glanced at Roby I found him glaring at the man. And I knew that for now, my theory came to life.
"You have five minutes to make four papers one. Write your partners' names in one paper and pass it to the bowl. The generals chose a specific number of their students as usual. This year there are 35 first years so Genaral Alex would take an extra student. General Alex will choose 10 students. General Sandra will choose 8 students. General Nicolas will have 12 students, General Eric will choose five, while General Arnold," the man glanced at the before the last. He sighed. "Will choose four."
The room was quiet at first, but then it all changed.
Obviously everyone wasn't satisfied. But how are they arranging it that way. They said to write four names while the generals would choose an odd number of students. It's nonsense.
I looked at the fourth man, he still had the same irritating smirk. I hate that man.
After we passed Roby's card into the bowl. Jonas argued about having his name in there. But Jessie shut him up.
Names after names were heard. Student after student followed their generals out of the room and two generals were left.
"There is no need for you to get out anything randomly just choose between these nine." The man pointed at us. Mr.Arnold was smirking in my direction.
"I will take Roby, Jessie, Jonas.. " he glanced at me again. "And Rose-11"
