
Roby's parents have been agents since the beginning of time. They are level five agents with respected reputation and a lot of cash in their pockets. They have contributed in the training of many students. Most of the newly assigned agents go on missions with them and the students get so much information from them. You would be lucky to have them as your guiders for the first mission. You have a bright future if so. They are just below the Generals after all.    That's all the gossip I got of Jessie before almost sleeping from her ranting. At least it was escapeable.    It was now lunchtime and we were gathered on our usual table which was at the right corner. It was just beside the window and since we were in a tower, all we could see was the glimmering shine of the Sun's rays against the water. It was the only view we see really.  We all were there except for Roby who was dragged away by his parents to God knows where. I pity him sometimes.    Jessie was talking animatedly to Jonas while he kept rolling his eyes every now and then and asking silently for help from me. I smiled slyly and shook my head, he left me last time with her.     "Hey Rose. How's training? Still obsessed with the punching bag?"     Damon.     I hate him.    So badly.    At first, Damon was all about dirty glares and growls as I passed by him, but after I knew why, I decided to let it be that way. He has every right to be annoyed by my existence.    But he didn't stop.    From silent growls, he started to shove me into the lockers or throw names at me. Or even tell the other kids to throw things at me. He even wanted to make a rumour that I killed someone even before I was turned.     I honestly don't know if that's true or false.   However, I let him be anyway.   But he still didn't stop.    So I stopped.   He growled, I growled back with my eyes glowing red as an indication I am angry and show my sharp canines. He would usually get intimated but try to hide his fear.   He tries to shove me, I shove him ten times harder.   He throws things at me, I throw the people that throw things at me at him.   We were always sent to Chief Clark's office, always lectured about discipline but none of us listened to him and we still fought. Only with our bare hands.   No words were ever exchanged between us until one day he talked to me. I never thought I could get so angry. I was as angry as how much I got angry at his teacher. They were so much alike.We were just behind the building of the school, the yard was pretty much isolated and we somehow got there."You just don't understand do you?"   I stood silently as I glared at him.    "You are unwanted, unwanted pain for everyone. You are just a reminder of his death, stop trying to look innocent. You have a strong heart? I just wish you never existed, could've made this grieve much better. Stop looking for help from Roby like a desperate b*tch all the time."    I shoved him to the brick wall of the school yard and made him my punching bag until Chief Clark caught us. Again.   I beat him up to a pulp. I did get a few punches before I tackled him to the ground and punched him and every punch was stronger than the previous one.   I was heaving and growling like a wild animal.   "I will show you the real pain one day." I mumbled.    "Go away Damon." I said as I chewed into my gummy bears.   I just didn't want to waste my efforts on him anymore. He wasn't worth it anyway.   I love sweets.   Dr.Ali said it is healthy for an H.V to eat a lot of sugar since most of them died because of the reduction of sugars in their bodies.    There was no specific reason but I loved the idea anyway.   "Why don't you, 11?" He whispered in my ear as he stood behind me. He was snarling. This guy was always angry. Or maybe just because whenever I see him I find him frowning at me.     "She isn't leaving anytime soon, Damon."     Roby sat down beside me and gave Damon a warning look.    "I just don't understand, Robert. Didn't you like Marcus and cherished him like he's your brother? Why are you taking sides with this b*tch? What good have she ever done? She sipped my cousin's last drop of blood and all you do is take sides with her? Is this how you want him to remember you?"   Everyone in the cafeteria stopped their conversations and looked at us. All kind of looks were given. Most were of agreement and glares towards me.   I looked back at Roby who appeared out of nowhere(as usual). I was surprised to find him back to his good boy facade and tried to conceal a smile.   The highlights weren't gone though.     You might seem surprised, everyone has their attention on me but I do nothing. 5 months ago I would have ran to Roby for help or something. But I simply got used to all the sh*t that comes out of people's mouths these days.   "Damon, how many times do I have to tell you? Imagine this, you are a thirsty-blooded vampire walking down the streets and haven't had drunk blood for days, you find a very cute five years old looking for her mommy. Despite all her cuteness, she's your only option of survival, so enjoy the meal." Roby said nonchalantly as he unwrapped the sandwich he bought.     His words... This is the stabbing truth. No matter how innocent or guilty people are, we would still do anything for survival, just like how they would. Our way of survival just seems a little bit more open and easily read...   Damon snorts and looks around the people in the cafeteria. "Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you Mr.Arnold's students."    I couldn't take it anymore, he's just way too much, thinks he can say whatever he wants like he owns this place.   I place a hard punch on the table as I stand. I turn around to face Damon and smiled bittersweetly.    "Yes, we are."    I raise my punch and it strikes home just on his eye.    As unrealistic as it sounds, his eyes go to the back of his head and he collapses.   "We are Mr.Arnold's students, anybody has a problem with that? Come deal with her punches then." Jonas comes from behind and placed both hands on my shoulders while I crack knuckles and neck and look around the bewildered silent students.    "Oh yeah, her punches will send you straight to the Leo constellation if you know what I mean." Jessica clapped and did some motions with her hands. All of us were making a fuss exception for Roby who is sighing and trying to conceal his smile as we exit the cafeteria.    We all give a long sigh as we exit and look at each other.    "We are a bunch of idiots aren't we?" They all nod in agreement on my statement.     "Hey let's run I see Chief Clark over there!"     Sh*t!     And we all run.    And I have never felt more free.