
There stood a wooden doubled door and without wasting anytime, I barged in.
Everyone seemed to be busy but when I made my presence clear as a sunlight everybody stopped midsentence and looked at me. Everyone inside seemed to be powerful and mighty. However I can feel how much they were of cowards.
I scanned the room for one particular person. I ignored all of the other persons who were trying to get me out, but I didn't move. My eyes then zeroed on him and his eyes met mine, and it was like it was only us in the room, it's like he wanted to challenge me, like I was some sort of amusement for him but also a threat, and he wanted to know to what extent was I a threat. Believe me, I am enough of a threat to take away your life.
In flash, I was mere inches away from him. His eyes were full of amusement.
"Am gonna kill you." I mumbled with a stony glare.
I growled like a loin before attacking and wanted to take him by the colar.
Before I could lay a finger on him I was already pushed roughly on the ground with a sword at the tip of my neck. He was standing at the end of my feet with his back straightened and his left hand behind his back. He looked powerful.
The scowl on his face made him uglier.
"How pathetic." He muttered. "A little creature like you tries to just barge in and disturb such powerful people, believe me, darling, if I had known you were such a naughty one, I would have killed you right on the spot. Tsk. Tsk. Tsk." He then bent down and got closer. "But what to do, you are alive now."
I was very disturbed by him. I was breathing heavily from my nose and my face was red in anger. And then I huffed with a smirk. "Don't worry, because I will kill you before you know it." I got closer to his disgusting face, "and that's a promise." I gave him a wide grin as he did the same and laughed quietly in amusement.
"Mr. Eric I think you should let the girl go, she will be punished for what she did." Mr.Arnold said sternly as he was behind him with a gaze of steel. Completely unwavered by the sword that gave me the slightest cut as I came closer, I didn't feel it anyway. However it was still right there before my throat threatening to just slit my throat.
"Ah, Mr.Arnold! You should teach your students some manners, it's not very appropriate to barge in like that." He said lightly.
"Sure thing, just leave her alone." Mr.Arnold replied.
He smirked and without any effort, he roughly pulled me up like I was a useless money wasting garbage in his backyard.
"Let...go." I stirred from his hand on my arm and gritted the words out.
I fell on the floor hard and there was a gash on my arm, it bled a little, but didn't hurt much.
I glared at General Eric with hatered and the promise that I will make sure not to break. Even if it's the last thing I do.
The promise of death._______________
Sitting in a small dark room with a small light bulb hanging off the ceiling.
I was sitting emotionlessly on a chair with a wide steel table in front of me and another chair.
It was unfair. Life was unfair I realized. After only spending a few days with reality, I realized that it was like a vengeance child that wanted to ruin everybody's life after they took his candy. Whether they were bad or good, they will still hear the whaling and harsh cries of that child. It was simply unfair.
Not knowing about yourself, being controlled by the powerful, forced to things as cruel as shedding blood, and most of all, thinking the evil is an angel with a halo on their heads while they are actually grotesque devils with two horns on their head and an gruesome promised torture in their black hearts.