
Room 4: Mr. Arnold.
That's what the sign on the door said.
"Are you ready?" asked Roby from beside me. We were all standing in front of the door.
"Ready for what?" I asked.
"You know that Mr.Arnold isn't one of the best people in this place." Jonas said.
"So?" Jessie asked.
"We have to watch out." Roby said.
"As long as he doesn't kill me, I am not afraid." I said as I opened the door.
The room was really plain. The walls were grey-ish white with cracked roofs just like my room. The room was like an underground playground. It was so spacious. The floor was made of navy blue tiles. When you enter the room, you are in a short hallway and then into the main room.
The main room has a low roof and four cubicles that have, at the end of them, shooting targets sheet.
Besides the cubicles there was a glass room. Inside the room there was one leather sofa and two armchairs. There was a coffee table in the middle with a vase of lilies on top.
That's where Mr.Arnold was sitting.
We entered the glass room and sat in front of him. I sat beside Jessie and Roby on the sofa and Jonas sat on the armchair that was beside it.
Mr.Arnold had a stack of files beside him. His legs were wide open on the couch and he wasn't wearing his coat, instead he was wearing a black shirt with a pair of jeans. His arm was behind the armchair. He was seated 'comfortably'.
"Now, here are the rules." He said. "I will teach you for five years. In the first two years, we are going to practice how to use a gun and I will teach you about your enemies."
"Don't we already get to know that at school?" Jonas asked.
Mr.Arnold chuckled dryly. "There's difference about knowing about how something lives and learning about how it stops living."
We all looked at each other. I gulped. He is right. Utterly right.
"Now, after six months from now. You will take the weapon test. If you pass you have your own weapons. Different kinds of obstacles will be faced after  taking your weapons. After the two years. I will study each one of you, and then I will give each of you a technique to use. It's sounds simple, but its not."
"What's after the following three years?" Jessie asked.
"The qualifying test." He sighed. "This test is really hard, but if you four pass, you will be qualified as first level agents."
"What's a first level agent?" I asked.
"In this organization there are two kinds of people working. The people that go on missions -which are called agents- and people that don't -which are called keepers. The agents are seperated in different kinds of levels, from the first level agents that are new to these kind of things to second levels and it goes on till the fifth levels."
"What's after the fifth levels?"
"Generals." Oh boy. "Generals take control of both sides of the VHO. They pass all the information and instructions to the Royals."
"Royals?" I asked with my head tilted to the side.
"Urgh, I am tired of all of this explanation. Let someone else tell or go to the library." He said while standing up and leaving the room. "Follow me."
This man is just unbelievable.
We followed him to the cubicles. In one of the cubicles. There it was. It was pitch black. It looked murderous. I didn't like it. It, was a gun.