
We followed Mr.Arnold to some hallways until we reached the underground part of the organization.
He was sighing all the time. Looks behind his shoulder and glances at each one of us and then Looks away with a grimace.
"Mr.Arnold, how old are you?" I said suddenly. I, myself, don't know why I asked the question.
He stopped on his tracks and we stopped too. He looked behind him at me and then raised his eyebrow.
"Curiosity killed the cat, kiddo. And haven't anyone taught you not to ask that annoying question to your elders?" He said with distaste. "And give me some space, you are acting like lost puppies." He shooed us with his arms.
My left eye twitched. This man is getting on my nerves. He is handsome for an old man. But really mean for a teacher.
"If you don't like us that much then why did you choose us in the first place?" I asked.
"You think I have a choice?" He asked in the same tone.
"Don't answer a question with a question."
"Do you have to know everything?"
"If I have the chance to then why not?"
"You are so naive." He mumbled.
"And you are so mean." I said sternly.
"On what right do you have to call me mean?" He pointed his index finger at me.
"I don't need to have a right to do anything when I can do it."
We kept glaring at each other until Jonas interrupted.
"Woah, woah, woah. Take it easy guys. It's not a good to be like this ,y'know. Better be good, we won't be able to be in harmony like this for our beloved world, okay? Don't you guys agree?" He moved his hands in the air while saying all this.
But I didn't know what is in this world. What is it like? Is it cruel, dark and scary just like how I look? Or is it safe, comforting and happy like how these creatures act like? If so, I think I would rather die than see both kinds of worlds. They make me feel unsafe and that I am destined to die one way, or the other.
"I agree." Roby said.
Me and 'Mr.' Arnold kept glaring at each other.
"Pff, whatever I don't care." He turned away and continued walking. This man....
"Come tomorrow at the training room number 4 after school. Come late, die early." He shouted across the hallway.
We stared at the retreating figure, our mouths open agape from surprise.
"I don't want to die early." Whined Jessie.

