
I slowed down a bit until I started walking. The hallway looked really luxurious. There were status and portraits everywhere. The walls were painted gold-ish brown with patterns. But what made me feel uncontent was all the portraits had all of the people in it with the same fangs and the bloody eyes. Men and women were wearing lacey and expensive attires as they look back at you like the looking through your eyes, possessing your soul and you couldn't even look away from their magnetizing eyes."I OBJECT"My thoughts were disrupted from the shouting I heard from across the hall. It sounded like a young boy, not that young seemed to be in his adolescence."I object, I object ,I object" I started following the voice, maybe it can get me to something.....or nothing. When I followed the voice I found a room, after all that walkingonly one single room."What are you saying Mr. Clows. Are you saying that there's a chance that the girl is alive? It's impossible, she's been like this for a decade, without a breath or a single heartbeat, I am pretty sure she's already dining with the angels." said another man who seemed to be middle-aged. From what they said I decided to spy on them from the small opening of the door. There was a young man. His voice was boyish and his way of talking sounded Poch. He looked rich. He had light blonde hair and the same bloody eyes. He was wearing a black polo shirt on white baggy pants and black shoes. He was so handsome indeed. The older man was going bald and he was wearing a black expensive looking suit. He had a fairly white mustache.
"I am sure that she-" he suddenly stopped and with a blink of an eye we were face to face. He first gave me a daring look, but then realization hit him and his face broke into a wide smile.He grabbed my hand and pulled me to the man.
"See chief Clark see?" he said happily.
"I see" he replied annoyingly.
"She is alive, she is breathing and I can even hear her heartbeat, it's very tranquil for a vampire, but she looks just fine, a little more pale than normal but after she's fed and healthy, she'll be alright. Oh, Chief Clark, I told you that she had that strong character and I had that feeling of it Chief Clark, oh, I had the feeling. She looks so innocent and small though. But she is going to be as strong as a bull."
I was just standing there and he kept on blabbering about me saying absolutely nothing that will untie these knots in my mind. My face got red from anger, he is just not going to stop talking so had to make him zip up.
Eventually, I was lifting him from his shirt's collar. His feet was dangling from above the ground, even though I looked smaller and weaker than him, I still got him into that position, I was surprised myself."Can you please stop blabbering nonsense and tell me who are you? And where am I? ......And who am I?" I said angrily, but my last sentence was hesitant."C-can't b-b-breathe" he said. His face was red, he was talking as if he was dying, actually he was. I released my hand and he fell down coughing loudly.He kept on coughing loudly and then he stopped and looked up at the man and his face got into a smirk."Told you she's alive, oh, she's alive and well, alright."