
A lot happened yesterday, and a lot will today. I couldn't just believe or react to what happened yesterday. I just wanted to sleep and wake up to wherever I was supposed to be. I wonder where am I supposed to be....
Yesterday, Chief Clark told me some information about the organization and I knew that the organization is built on an island in the middle of nowhere. The dorms for the agents and students, the school and the training rooms were all on a castle above the island. Beneath it are the meetings halls, the offices, the examination labs, the tests chambers and most of all,  the dungeons. The organization was simply gigantic.
I woke up from the sound of an alarm turning off. I stopped it and got up knowing that I have school today. From how they were talking. I knew that school was a place to know more things about vampires. I wanted to know what we are so I had to go.
My room was plain. It was all made of wood. The walls were white and seemed to have some cracks on it. There was a desk and a chair on the left side of the room. The desk had a lot of books on it and beside the desk there was a night stand that had the alarm and a lamp on it. The bed was directly beside them. It was small and made of wood. In front of the bed, there was a wooden closet that had my  clothes in it. I felt like I was a prisoner. And this was my personal cell.
I walked into the room's bathroom. Luckily, we don't have what they call roommates, that's what Roby said. Everyone gets their own room.
The bathroom was not big or small.
I walked in and looked around, I didn't smell good. So I wanted to 'shower' (that's what Roby said). I walked into the bathtub and looked at the bottles, everything looked so alien to me. I grab a bottle and I opened it, I smelled the content, it smelled good. I looked at the picture on the bottle that said:"Jasmine. Hair Shampoo." From what I saw, it's something used for the hair.
So I stripped from my nightgown and followed the instructions written on the bottle. My hair smelled good so I was satisfied with that and got out of the bathtub. When I glanced at the sink. There was a toothbrush and a toothpaste tube. It seems that you use them for your teeth. I went there and tried my best to do so. After I finished my mouth felt refreshing and cold. It said it had a minty flavor. I didn't understand what was that either.
I dried myself with a white towl and got out of the bathroom. I walked to my closet and picked out a sleeveless black button-up shirt, black skinny jeans and a white hoodie. I got out ankle length boots for my foot wear.
There was a black bag that leaned against the wall. Roby told me to bring the books he marked inside the bag. I did what he said and grabbed the red booklet (passport) and the ID card with me.
I opened the booklet to see what's inside out of curiosity. There was a picture that Dr. Ali took before leaving for the results. I looked horrendous. The birth date was first of January 1990. And the nationality was English. English?
I got out of the room still staring at my passport.
"Hello there." I heard Roby say.
I looked up to see him walking towards me. He was wearing a creamy shirt and white pants with a pair of white shoes that clacked against the concrete floor.
"Am I really English?" I asked with my brows pulled together.
"Yeah, we found you in England."
"Do I sou- oh, yeah, I do sound like one." I realized how my accent isn't the one I heard from Chief Clark or Dr. Ali. But it was rather near to Roby's...
"You are English?" I asked with a cocked eyebrow.