
They both entered not even able to balance themselves from laughter, they simply looked like drunken idiots. Like the humans we usually see on T.V.     Jonas completely changed Roby. They became the twins from different races. It was unbelievable.    "Man, this girl got it hard!"     "And you got it right!"     And they laughed again.     "Good gracious! Robert, is that you?"     Me and Jessie looked at the back door for the source of the voice.     To say the woman by the door was pretty was an underestimation. She was strikingly gorgeous. She had those really familiar blue eyes and I then I knew for sure. She was somehow related to Roby.      Her attire said that she was for sure a very sophisticated woman. Her black dress reached a little above her knees and her black high heels weren't too high. Her bonnet looked a little weird but made her more beautiful even.     Suddenly,  Roby laughter had completely stopped.      I looked back at him to find his mouth open a gape and looking utterly astonished.       "Mother?"     The amusement couldn't stop leaking from the smile I had on my face.       "Oh?" I grinned. "Mother?"       Another person came out of the back room. It was a man. A handsome one at that. He for sure was his father.     "God bless their good genes." Mumbled Jessie staring at them.     "I know, right?" I whispered.      Laughter boomed into the room again. But it wasn't Robert or Jonas,  it was in fact, Mr.Arnold.      "Ah, how I imagined this moment will be like...." he entered and was still laughing- but quietly this time -his hands were clasped together while he  came in the middle of the scene, he then moved his hand around in a really strange way. "It turns out it wasn't an imagination! " he laughed again and then I joined in.     "I know right!" I pointed to him as a sign that we have the same opinion.      "High five!" He raised his hand for a high five.     "Aah-no." I palm faced and placed both my hands between my open legs as I sat comfortably.       "What?" He said in bewilderment.  "How dare you not respect me? I have tolerated you for five months! I have been responsible of you for all these months. "      "Responsible my ass. What kind of responsible person keeps the door of the training room open so that filthy people to enter and take whatever they want. My lunch money got stolen for the second time! Now what am I supposed to eat today? Rocks?"       "Ah whatever.  Guys, I want you to meet Mr and Mrs Lows. They will be your teachers for today."