
"Huh?" that was the first thing Dr.Ali said.
" Explain.....What's happening to me." I said flatly.
"Oh, yes. I'm sorry. The place we are in at the moment is called the VHO which stands for the Vampire Hunting Organization. We all here are vampire. Vampires are creatures that survives on blood and only human blood. We also have supernatural powers like very high speeds and a large amount of strength. These features don't seem to be visible for anyone. They are invisible powers."
"So I am a vampire?"
"No. You are a half-blooded vampire. A very rare species in our race. It's known that a half-blooded is a thirsty-blooded vampire that had drank a supernatural vampire's blood. You Rose, will have an extraordinary amount of power if you reached the hundred levels of power. You are as they used to say: the ultimate supernatural vampire. You have traits from a vampire and a human."
"What do we hunt and why?"
"Humans. We fight for the sake of Humans. The thirsty-blooded vampires are Vampires that act wild and are not controllable on themselves so we have to kill them. You can see one over there in the tube." he pointed to one of the tubes behind me.
"Can you tell me more?" I asked. Curious to know more about the organization and what will happen next.
But it wasn't only curiosity. It was a need. I didn't know myself. I feel pathetic about it. But I feel like there's going to be a lot of hard times in this place. I can sense it.
"You will know more in our agent teaching school."
"School?" I asked. I was completely puzzled.
"Yes school, you have been sleeping since 1980. You missed a lot of things." Answered Roby.
"So I was in a coma for ten years?" I asked. Roby nodded. "Why?" I cried tilting my head to Dr.Ali.
"Your body was trying to get used to your powers. Most of the people die because their bodies can't carry such power but your body can carry This power. You are pretty fortunate, you could've been dead."
Suddenly, a phone rang."Excuse me." Roby said pulling out his phone and started talking. When he finished the call he said that chief Clark wants us.
When we re-entered his office there were some papers around his desk. "Ok Rose here's your ID card and passport." He handed me a card and a red small booklet. When I looked at the card, it was written Rose Eleven.
"I almost forgot." said chief Clark "Since you have amnesia and we don't know what's your real name, we gave you a number as your last name. And your random number was Eleven."
He said that while standing up and forwarding his hand to me.
"Rose Eleven, welcome to the vampire hunting organization." He tightly smiled at me.
I was hestatint. I know that this will make my life either desperate or fortunate, but I knew I can't go back now, I have nowhere to go. There's no going back now.
With an straight look on my face I took his hand roughly and shook it.
And here, my story begins.~~~~~~~If you like the chapter please rate and give me your thoughts about it in the comments. Thank you very much for reading the chapter and hope u enjoyed it.VOTECOMMENTSHARE WITH BESTIES(*^o^*)(*^o^*)