
He stood there looking like a tower that has yet to grow taller. He didn't bother to glance at my face and I didn't bother either, that one glance I gave him as he entered was enough to know who he was.
He sat in front of me with a scowl on his sculpted face. He cleared his throat oh so lowly... It was as low as a wolf howling, that low.
He didn't talk nor did I. We just kept staring at each other in silence.
"Miss Eleven, huh?" He mumbled.
I didn't speak and didn't show any emotions and he grumbled in annoyance.
"Do you seriously think you can get away with what you have done today? Do you think you can just barge in and kill one of the most powerful beings waking on this planet?" He asked in annoyance. He seemed to be always annoyed.
"I don't care how much strength he has." I said in anger through gritted teeth. "This lame excuse of a being must die, and nobody will kill him except me. He's mine to kill."
He sighed. "You should be thankful that there's a rule of not allowing to kill students. He would've killed you. However, there's a punishment."
"A punishment?"
"Yes, a punishment."
"And what is that punishment?" I said with a frown on my face.
"Me."
"You?"
"Yes, me."
"And what are you going to do?"
He chuckled arrogantly.
"Miss Eleven, have you ever wondered why I get to have such a massive number of students compared to other genefals? Because if I ever get the chance to focus on one person-" he slammed his hand hard on the table making me jump in my seat a little. "Hell breaks loose." He laughed in a really creepy way. Like he had trouble breathing.
And I knew that his words soon will be true.
_______
"I want this place spotless within the next two hours." General Alex said as he waved his arms in opposite directions presenting the dusty, smelly, unbelievably bad looking, huge basement I have ever seen in my life.
"Are you kidding me? This place is so dusty and smells like dead bodies, how can I finish it in two hours? What am I?" I asked defensively. I am not doing anybody's really dirty work, especially something as dirty as that basement.
"Simple, you are a vampire, not any vampire but a half-blooded one. And it's your punishment, you must take responsibility of what you did. Now getty up and start your work." He slapped my back hard I almost choked but I was too distracted looking at the disaster I got myself into.
I grabbed the broom that was at the side-and if you are wondering how I knew, Jonas was pointing at everything around us while we walked around the hallways- and got to work.
I swiped the floor first, the place was huge so I decided to take it block by block instead of all at once. Each block was one meter square and after calculating it, the whole thing is 20 meters square. Which is a lot.
I swiped and cleaned and dusted off the ceilings. Swiped, cleaned, and dusted. Swiped, cleaned and dusted...... Until I couldn't take it anymore.
Suddenly, I felt my throat tighten, and my eyes glowed as I could see from the reflection of the tiles. I felt a slight pain in my teeth. And what terrified me more is the thirst I felt. I felt so thirsty, and I was breathing heavily as if I couldn't breathe at all.