
I wrapped my fingers around it, it was cold, really cold. I was shaking, but I hid it by holding tighter on it.
It was heavey and thick, I felt weak while I held it but I got used to it in a second.
"This kind of guns are specialised by our scientists to only kill vampires, the bullets in there have chemicals inside that wouldn't affect the human but would affect the vampire, but the human would still be in agony. Just try and shoot the target." Said Mr.Arnold.
I tensed as I raised the gun, I was holding my breath. I didn't want to shoot, but I felt like if I didnt, I would die.
I was about to press the trigger and was just a second away.
"Sto-"
Bang.     But he was too late, because I already shot, however it didn't even touch the target. I let out a frustrated sighed.
Bang.    Bang.    Bang.    Three more times and still nothing.
I felt huge hands on my shoulders. Mr.Arnold was pushing them from their tense state.
"Relax your shoulders." He said sternly and I did as told.
"Take a deep breath. And focus your arm on your target."
I shot again and this time, it was two circles before the middle.
"Well, that's strange..." I heard him mummer.
"What?" I asked. I didn't think I was bad, I actually thought I was making progress.
"All your friends got it to the middle after I taught them how to do it. But you didn't." He sighed. " Keep on trying. You have two more hours, don't stop."
Hour and a half later.      I sighed in frustration and then I paced away from the target and then turned around suddenly and shot.
Nothing. I thought to myself. I rested my hands on my knees and kept breathing heavily. Everything started looking dizzy all of a sudden and my heart was beating rapidly. I felt the sweat on my forehead and my throat felt tight. I gulped but it still hurt me.
"I feel thirsty." I mumbled to myself.
"Here."
I looked up and found Roby holding a small glass bottle that has a thick blackish red liquid.
"What's that?" I breathed out.
"Blood." He replied.
Suddenly, the realisation hit me. I am one of them, I am a bloodthirsty monster that could kill just to survive. I am a filthy creature. But I had to accept it.
"Thanks." I muttered and took the bottle, without looking at it and removed the lid and took a long sip. The taste was addictive, I was drinking lustfully from the bottle until it was empty and there were no remainders.    "Looked like you were a little bit more than thirsty." Chuckled Roby.
"Yeah, thanks again." I placed the bottle down and looked ahead avoiding eye-contact.
"You don't need to be ashamed about it."
"Ashamed about what?" I finally met his crimson eyes.
He nodded at the bottle. "This." He looked up at me. "It's not an illness. It's how we live. When humans thought that they are the end of the food chain. They were wrong. There's no reason to be ashamed. We're monsters."
"Then what are we?" My voice started cracking.
"We are, what call ourselves, the protecters and destroyers of this world."