
No sleep come by to visit that night, my eyes were wide open. I hate it. No. I hate everything. It's like I am being eaten alive, not knowing the truth, such a dreadful thing indeed.
So I decided against it and took a stroll around the place, a long one.
I was too occupied by my thoughts that I didn't know where was I. It was a strange place, that's the only thing I can describe it as. It was very dusty indeed, like nobody goes here. Anymore. There were spiral stairs and the end of the round room, they were long, very long. There was no handles, it's like if you stray too much, you would fall head-first. The stairs looked endless, but I knew there was an end to it all. So I went for it.
It was very long and the energy was slowly fading away from my body, until finally, I reached the top.
I sighed in relief.
I looked up at the ceiling. It looked like a cone and at the right side, there was a window. It was dusty and far from my reach.
I raised my hands as far as I can and stood on my tiptoes. When I reached the window sill, I let my feet leave the ground and then I carefully slipped into the window.
Words can't describe what I saw. I was, fascinated? Enchanted? I think I was bewitched by the view.
The moon shining in the dark sky as the stars glimmers about it. It was a beautiful view. The whole island was seen by my eyes. I never saw the exterior of the organization but now I can see it. It is a very huge and tall castle and I was on the very top.
A yelp escaped my lips as I almost fell off the cone shaped roof. At the end of the cone, there was a flat area supporting it from around, the area was big enough for me to sit on it, so I did.
The stars were the ones that captured my attention the most. No matter how much each of them shines, no matter what's their size, they all do the same thing solely, they all shine and look captivating.
"I guess someone took my place." I shrieked in surprise. In that very moment, I slipped off the cliff. I felt the air around but it all stopped when a hand caught me on time.
I looked up and he was there. He pulled me up until I was safely standing on my own.
"So sorry, Rose. Didn't see you there." He gave me a cheeky smile. "So, um, how did you find this place?"
"I was wandering around." I mumbled.
"I guess we will share then."
I didn't argue with him anymore, I was rude enough to him today, and I owe a lot of things in my current life. I wonder if he was in my previous life.      Do I even have to call it previous? Am I really giving up about knowing about my true self? No. Is it hard? Maybe. But I have to try. And there's one person that won't say no.      "Roby?" I called.      He looked at me, his crimson eyes shining against the light of the moon. "Yes?" He was silence for a moment and then broke the silence again. "No. I know what you are thinking, Rose." And then he looked back again.     Looks like I need to be more persuasive.      "Have I even said anything?"      "You don't need to. And I can't tell."        "But you have to."       "But I can't."        "It's my right."        Silence.       He was thinking deeply  about it, I saw it all in his features.       "They told me not to tell you."        It stabbed my heart like a blade. Of course it's they. They do whatever they want, thinking they saved me by taking me under their wings but I know it's not the truth. I was too naive for accepting to live with killers that kill each other's kind. Is that really how they are supposed to be? Do humans do that too? Do they kill each other for power or manipulation? I believe they don't.      "Please." I begged Roby.      "I am sorry." My jaw clenched.      "You're not."      " How do you know?"      "Because you would have told me by now, you told me to trust you. Until what extent should I trust you? How am I going to trust you when you are hiding things from me. I owe you, Roby. But are vampires that manipulative? Are you like that too?"     "Ro-"     "I will take all responsibility for whatever you tell me. Just tell me what you know."      He sighed and brushed his hair with his fingers. He ruffled it hard in frustration and growled lowly. I never see someone like that or more like....it's my first time.      "It all started..." I composed myself to face him and listened attentively. "when I had to take my final exam. Me and my friend, no. Best friend, Marcus Nissisimi-" I think that name is familiar... "-had to take the final exam. At that time we were general Eric's students. He was kind of rough the time he was ruling the organization, nobody dared to oppose him, until now nobody does. And then he was the one the one that placed the rules of the exam."