
Since I left the training rooms yesterday, I couldn't stop thinking about what Roby said.
We're what we call ourselves, the protectors and destroyers of this world.        These words never weren't on my mind. And I knew exactly what he meant. The vampire kind was never on the same page, never would, never can and want to. We were created to have war between ourselves. It was ironic, somehow.
"Good morning everyone." Dr.Ali interrupted my thoughts while greeting the class. I had my head resting in my hand and was staring at nothing. I saw Jessie looking at me strangely so I cleared my throat and sat straight, I felt heat on my neck. I was embarrassed.
"Today, we are having a very interesting lesson. Breeds of vampires." Once Dr.Ali said that, I felt like this wasn't a class to sleep on.
"Now, there's difference when we talk about the supernatural families and breeds. We all know that each vampire family have their own supernatural powers, it can vary from speed to strength to immortality to invisibility etcetera etcetera. However, when we talk about breeds I am talking about four things: thirsty-blooded vampires, supernatural vampires, half-blooded vampire"-Dr.Ali glanced at me-"and Royals. Now let's start with the thirsty-blooded. The thirsty-blooded are vampires that have no conscious over what they are doing, it's hard to control them and they have the imaginary smell of blood which makes them "thirsty" all the time."
"Then how do you get to control it?" Someone asked.
"The weapons that we've upgraded can simply get a vampire unconscious, the chemicals in the weapons don't instantly kill, they just give the chance to take complete control over the vampire for the next four hours."
"How do they change?" Another person asked.
"It's simple really, when a human is bitten by a vampire -any kind- and not die, the poison in the vampire's fangs gets to the human and he starts to form into a thirsty-blooded after approximately 20 days." And again, Dr.Ali glanced at me.
"Further information will be studied in the next year. Now, to the most common breed, the Supernatural vampires. The breed is most common because they were bred from the Royals. Now you may ask how is it the most common? Well, before a blood-thirsty transformed completely, he has the chance for a supernatural family to take him in. The process happens when the human takes a sample from their blood, the blood cells then start to divide and all the blood that belonged to the human will be excreted. The process of course, doesn't happen just like that, chemicals are added to the blood to help it divide. The human goes into a coma, in the coma, he starts to have all of the appearance and traits that run in the family, but he also looks very identical to the one he took the blood from." Approximately, I understood 10% of what he said, my jaw dropped and I was staring fascinatedly at the teacher.
He looks at my face and he chuckles lightly.
"I'll explain later." A familiar voice echoed in my head, I was bewildered by the voice, it was Dr.Ali's voice. I looked back at to find him writing down things on the board.
People here are just way too odd. I thought to myself.
"To the One of the strongest and most superior vampire breed, the Royals. The Royals are the first breed to exist on the earth, although all vampires have shades of red as the color of the eye, the Royals have crystalising blue eyes, the Royals have ultimate strength, it is said that that the weakest in the Royals can hold a cube of gold that is 1000 kg!" Everyone was pretty interested in the lesson as I was.