
"I am sorry I didn't introduce myself" said the young man"I am Robert Clows, but you can call me Roby, and this is Chief Clark" He stretched his right hand to present the man with the white beard- Chief Clark"Nice to meet you" he said. I glanced at him and then back at Roby. It seems that both of them had a "name" which I had no idea what it was but I just had to ask this question."And what's my name?" I asked.Roby started getting nervous and started looking back and forth about the room. His eyes then rested at a vase of roses which was on a coffee table in the middle of the room that was surrounded by leathery brown furniture."Rose." He finally said." Yes. Your name is Rose. Do you like it?"
" Rose." I repeated the name."I am okay with it." I shrugged observing my surroundings. There were two other men in black suits and bloody eyes standing behind Chief Clark's desk. It brought me back to reality.I wasn't here to do introductions, I wanted to know what am I and what are they.
"What are you people" I asked looking at Roby."What am I? What are you all? Everybody in this room, why do you look like this? I need to know. I need some sort of explaining to what I am and what all of you are."
"Everything will be explained to you soon enough Miss Rose." Chief Clark said in a stern voice" Now Roby, help Rose find something to wear and store for later instead of these pyjamas" said the Chief "And call Jessie let her give Rose some clothes to wear "
"Yes, sir. Let's go Rose."   Roby got out of the room and told me to follow, I was a little hesitant but I adhered.    We got from a hallway into another until we finally reached a gate that was made of metal. Looked dreadful to me.   I followed Roby in and we were in a big room full of different kinds of clothes. "They bring for us the clothes here so it can be safer" Roby said.
"Safe from what?" I asked.
"A lot of things" he looked distant while saying it.
***  Meeting Jessie and wearing her clothes wasn't a very pleasant experience. I felt like I am a doll, and it wasn't a nice feeling. Well that's how Jessie looked like; she has short blonde hair with pink highlights. She is the very opposite of how we are suppose to look like.(even though I don't exactly know what we are in the first place.)
At first, she seemed to be a really nice person-concluding the clothes- but when I just place my finger on any piece of clothing she starts nagging about how this and that looks "unfashionable" and that it's "so last year".
"The chief told me that we should go to the lab." Roby said, putting his phone back into his pocket. The lab? Maybe they will explain something there. "Roby?" I said. Maybe he can explain better.
"Yes?"he replied.
"What am I?" I asked tilting my head towards him.
"You will know."
I didn't like that answer. That was useless. He just continued walking and I followed after him.
After a few minutes we were standing in front of the white, wide gates of the lab. The lab looked strange from inside. There were people in white robes going in every direction. There were lots of big wide tubes that looked like tunnels but they were vertically placed. Inside there were some strange acidy looking chemicals and a.... A body!The bodies looked haunting, they were so skinny you can see the outline of their bones. They looked old and pale. Hugging their knees to their chests.What really made the hairs on my neck stand is the frantic movement of their eyes. They were moving everywhere looking for something. And then one of them had their eyes settled on mine and it Is like they were staring deeply into my soul.