
"I am Scottish, actually." He smiled. And then he shrugged."Let's go."
We reached the school gates in a matter of minutes. We were really near. We stopped by the cafeteria first to grab some breakfast. So I have an apple in my head while looking at the school gates.
They were huge and quite. It's like no one ever entered, but you can feel there's a lot of people in there. They were black and had patterns that looked beautiful on it. It looked so forgien to me, but at the same time they looked fascinating.
"Are you ready?"
"I don't know, I haven't been to a school before. But I think I did in my previous life." I replied still holding my gaze to the door.
"Don't worry, I will always be by your side. From now on, I am your best friend." He smiled goofy and gave me a thumbs up.
A best friend? What does that mean? Is it someone that will love you? Help you? Raise you? I didn't know. But I knew for sure, that it made me feel comfortable.
I smiled weakly at him.
He opened the door and it creeked loudly while opening. The first thing that came to sight was an empty dark hallway, it was lighted only by the source of chandlers that occupied the roof symbolizing elegance and greatness. The hallway's walls were covered by the lockers that seemed to be everywhere. Other than the lockers, there were doors to other chambers probably.
"Follow me." Roby muttered.
I followed him to the nearest door that said "Year 1 Class A."
"The rules here are different." Said Roby. "Here, we spent five years of teaching, theoretically and particularly, usually the theoretically is what we learn in the school from the books and the paper work we get. Particularly is gained by our specific generals that will be choosen randomly. They will train us their techniques in using a weapon to be the proper VHO member."
"Generals?"
"Yes, they are usually five persons that control the organization's system and hand it to the main head. Each have different weapons and techniques to kill vampires. They are strongest vampires in the VHO. No one can surpass their powers. It seemed to be quite impossible to anyone." He said.
He opened the door of the class and it was so spacious. The door was at the back of the class. It was like a hill, the more the sit is at the front the less higher it is. And at the deep end, a chalkboard is placed. And of course a tall desk for the teacher.
There weren't a lot of people, but they looked like they were of different ages.
"Ah, I see. There's new faces in here." Roby whispered in my ear.
Everyone started staring at me. And then whispers started. It annoyed me, in an irritating me. But I couldn't show to them how irritated I am so I sat on the seat on far left at the back. The whispers didn't stop.
"She looks creepy."
"I wondr how did she survive."
"I heard she doesn't even know how to dress properly."
Bang! I slapped my hand against the wooden desk while my legs were on it resting comfortably.
"I think you should save some for tomorrow." I said quietly but I am pretty sure they all heard me Crystal clear.
They were surprised but looked away.