
~Prologue~
Dear Dairy,
Death is apart of life. And looking back onto my life seems like a distant memory. I can't even imagine that I will never get those distant memories back. I never thought I will end up back where I stared. It all started were all of my demons came from; Mystic Falls, the place I was born, live half my life. It was a safe place for me till I discover all Mystic Falls secrets.
The Council, the history, and the supernatural; vampires. Vampires were the demons of hell that ever walked the earth. My parents are apart of the Council. They believe that vampires should die and be burn, stake, head cut off, and tortured for what they did to our history of founded fathers and sisters. But, Knowing the KNOWING is something that is a secret.
My life change were I finally believe that vampires exist, not only in Mystic Falls but everywhere in the world. That where I meet him Elijah Smith.
Elijah was a handsome, intelligent, charming, sweet, cunning, secretive man. I meet him at a bookstore in England. I was staying in England on vacation. I was a seventeen years grad school girl whose going to college in the fall.
Meeting my first friend/crush was inspiring how we both clique together. We were the perfect couple. Each meeting we hang out together we usually read at the library,or the cafe. Old grams and grandpa couples thought we were one. They said "we make a beautiful couple. I was so embarrassed I blushed as he didn't correct them and smiled at me. My heart pounded fast as I was falling love with him.
Sadly I didn't saw the warnings in front of me. I was a simple teenager in the life of falling love with her first love. I remember the last hang out we did were we talked and laughed about personal things in our life and we share some interests in like; books, history of the Vikings, history of myths, and fairy tales. After we connect we made it official we were boyfriend and girlfriend. I was in cloud nine I didn't notice I was being watched by strangers who seems to follow me when I was alone. I knew something was amiss. But, never realizing a thing before it was too late.
That when I discover that mine and Elijah realationship was being hung by one big lie. He was a vampire who compelled me to falling in love with him. I know what all you think that I'm lying and saying you don't believe me. What I'm telling and writing to say to you that my heart was breaking into pieces. This was not suppose to happen.
I tried so hard to not fall in love because I was being in England for the summer. I was on a summer intern job working as a journalist. As I was knowing my life change turn to the worse. Elijah compelled me to forget him and the summer fling we had and he send me back home.
Little did he know when I figure he was a vampire I did research on vampires and I found a flower called vervain. And I drink vervain as I put in my water and drinks as I waited for Elijah to come inside my home to confront me about him, about everything about him. But he didn't he completed said nothing but using his eyes to compelled me to forget him, and that it was not love it was just a summer fling that I share with a stranger.
That's why I hate vampires. That why I am on the Council and a hunter to kill vampires. That when I discover what I'm capable of; fighting to protect the innocence of my love ones, my family and friends. My home town Mystic Falls.
My name is Hadley Bell Gilbert.