
Ok. I am going to the extremes. I am brushing my teeth. We still have seven minutes till the boys come, and I plan on brushing for six of them. And when I am done, I can just use Thea's mouthwash. Her's is really minty. I guess so is my toothpaste. But tonight, I might actually be willing to do something. Might.
"Beth, Ky? Are you ready? Do you think that you might do something extra tonight?!" Thea sometimes I really worry about you. You can not act mysterious.
"Yeah, just let me brush my teeth real quick." I answer, and they nod. We only go so far as to kiss someone.
As I walk to the bathroom with my toothbrush and toothpaste in hand, I hear something. I stop to turn around, but see or hear nothing. So I keep walking and start to brush, and brush for a while. When I am done, I reach up for the mouthwash, but suddenly feel something reaching in between my legs.
"Aahhh!!" I start smacking around furiously until the thing lets go.
Shrinking to the ground, I start crying, cover my face with my hands, and put my elbows on my knees.
"Hey, shhh, shhh, shhh! It's ok, it's ok! I was kidding! It's ok! Please open your eyes!" I hear a hushed voice calming me. Two hands bring my own from my face.
I open my eyes, only to see Chase. What was he doing? Why is he here already? There were so many questions running through my head, and so many more on top of those. Just the thought of what could have happened made me shudder.
"Why? What did you do that for?" I stuffer out. I was ready to slap him.
"Ha! Welllllll...... We got home early. You know. I have to tell you something." He looked at me with hopeful eyes. How could I refuse? I have always been a sucker for puppy dog eyes. I nod my head slowly.
He let out a deep breath and looked at the wall, still holding my hands. Finally he looked at me. I don't know why I'm not slapping him right now. My eyes are locked on his when he opens his mouth to say something.
"Chase!! Where are you hiding?!" Bethany's voice echoes throughout the house.
Chase put his head down and let out a sigh.
"COMING!" He screams out, which my ears ring. He mouths a sorry to me and I wave it off.
He helps me up and we walk out together. The boys are both glaring at him, but the girls look at me with the widest eyes. Harry and David both look angry, but David looks like he will punch Chase into the wall. Chase just glared back at him, then he turned back to me.
He was about to say something again, but this time Harry interrupted him. "So, we are going to play truth or dare, do you want to join?"
"Is there alcohol?" I inquire with a smirk. I may only be seventeen, but we are rebels. Plus, we have parent consent and approval, and we never go past a glass and a half.
"Yes, yes there is, ma'am!" Harry shoots back at me.
"Alright, just not too much, okay? Just let me rinse my mouth real quick!" I rush to the bathroom.
After I was done, I put on some more lipstick and run out, only to run into David.
"Ow! What was that for?!" I look at him incredulously.
"Sorry! You were just in there for almost two minutes! I was starting to worry about you?!" He said in defense.
Wait what?! Did he just say that he was worried about me? What does that mean?! It's DAVID! How could he worry about me?!