
"Mom! C'mon! We have to get to Thea's house before five! "
"Ky! I am not hurrying to be late to my date, just so you can see your best friend!" My mom comes down with a smile on her face. I had to admit, she did look beautiful. I am just glad that her boyfriend John is kind. He hasn't done anything to hurt her, yet.
"But I have not been late to Thea's sleepovers in TWELVE YEARS! I can NOT ruin my reputation at age seventeen!" I nearly screamed at her. I am pretty sure that I had a small smirk on my face.
She smiled and rolled her eyes. I finished tying my shoes just as she walked out the door. My stuff was already in the car, so all I had to get was my phone. I rushed out the door and saw my mom starting our Hybrid Escape. Yeah, it is a large car for the two of us, but she doesn't care. We could totally afford it.
"You look amazing by the way!" I scream out the door before heading to my room real quick. I just know that that comment made her night already.
"Dang it." I mumbled under my breath. I missed a call from The.
As I walked to the car I had my phone to my ear what with Thea's number on speed dial.
(Thea-T, Kylie Frost- K)
BEEP, BEEP*
T- "Hello?!"
K- "Hi! Sorry I missed-"
T- "That doesn't matter right now! I have something to tell you! It's REALLY important!!"
K- "Ok, ok! What is it?" I asked, getting into the car.
T- "HARRY IS INVITING DAVID AND CHASE TO HANG OUT TONIGHT!!!!"
K- "Really!!!! OH MY GOSH, OH MY GOSH, OH MY GISH!!"
T- "I know! That means you need to hurrrrryyyyy!!!"
K- "Haha! Ok, well I should be there in about five minutes!"
T- "Good! Now hurry! And sneak in the back! Beth is already here!"
K- "Ok! Bye!"
T- "Bye!"
My mom looked at me for a brief moment, then back at the road. "So, who was that?"
"Mom, seriously. I'm going to Thea's, do you need to ask?" I looked at her incredulously. The and I always talk before sleepovers, she should know this!
"No. But I do want to know what she had to say!! C'mon! I'm your mother, not a strange old lady, sheesh!" She rolled her eyes, but kept them on the road.
That just made my smile wider. I always talked to my mom about things. It happened basically once my dad left. I mean, she has always been one of those pretty cool moms, that always impress your friends, but she is different than just that. She is always there for me.
"Ugh! Thea said that Harry is inviting David and Chase to hang out tonight! That means that they are all going to pick on Bethany, Thea, and I!" I say, with frustration easy to hear in my voice.
"Oh come on! Don't pull that crap with me! That David guy is cute! And I thought that you said you liked him before! I know better than that!"
"MOM! NO! WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT! JUST- NO! OH MY GOSH!!"
"Hahahahahahaha! I'm just kidding sweetheart! But seriously, even if he is nineteen, he is pretty darn hot! Plus, you are turning seventeen tomorrow! That has got to be worth something!"
"Haven't I told you before, I- am- not- going- to- date- anyone- until- after- COLLEGE!" I scream! Gosh, sometimes she can be so annoying!