
Then he starts to tickle me! Out of all things! And evidently he knows my ticklish spots!
"D- David! Sto- Stop it please!" I shout in between laughs.
"Why? This is fun! Your smile makes me smile." He says smirking. Wait what?
I stop laughing as much as I can, trying to keep a straight face, from the tickling sensation for a couple minutes.
"What do you mean?" I stumble out my words, still trying not to laugh.
"I mean I like you, duh! How are you so blind?" He says like it is something that I should know. Well then!
"You turn me on, and then leave me on what seems like a trench. You reject me over and over again. Why? Don't you realize my feelings for you?" He questions, though there is no anger in his eyes.
"I- I ....." I stutter out. Well this definitely escalated quickly.
"Don't worry about it. I figured that you didn't like me a long time ago. I should be over you, but I'm just not. It's fine. That's what happens in life." David shrugs, like it is nothing.
I nod my head slowly and bight my lip. He looks at me for a second, then starts to lean in close to me and I do the same.....
Then he grabs my hand and licks it! Gross! He just smiles though.... Sicko.
••••••••••••••••••••
It seems like only minutes have gone by since the boys came barging in and carried me out of the room. They had a stare down with David whilst he had the most triumphant grin. Everyone has been arguing and fighting about it, leaving me out of everything, like I am a child. I should really speak up now. Even the girls look like that are ready to take on an elephant.
"Um. Maybe we should do something. We could go swimming?" I barely mumble the words into a whisper, but they all heard me. It was silent as they stared at me. I just looked at my hands. They have a pretty large pool in the back, so it doesn't matter that much how many people are in there.
"Sure. Let's go get ready." Thea speaks up, using the kindest voice she could muster with me, and drags me to her room with Bethany following close behind.
•••••••••••••••••••••
To be continued? Sorry, I have been working on this all day. I am so sorry if it sucks. This is my first book, and I had to change it a lot.