
"That is gross anyway! David is a jerk, and one of Harry's friends. Plus, he does- boxing- or whatever!" I just can't believe her.
"Oh that's good! I mean, I don't want a guy who can't protect my daughter!" She seems way too happy about this.
"How do you know he wouldn't just abuse me? Huh, mom?" Not that he would. He is a wimp. And I think that he is truly a nerd, like me, he just doesn't like to show it.
"He wouldn't do that. Anyway! We are here! Do you need help with your stuff?" Ok, well, she is way too happy today.
"Nope, I'm good! Bye!" I rush out my words, and nearly rip off the door, just to slam it right after. It is 4:30, and I really need to hurry!
I tear my stuff out of the trunk, and then close it. There is no need to be kind right now. I am in danger! This is majorly serious! I have got about half an hour before the boys come! Ugh! This is going to be tough!
I rush in their backyard and pull open their back door quietly. Suddenly, I see Thea rushing over to me, with Bethany not far behind.
"Come on! Nobody is home! It's just us and the boys tonight, and they won't come for another hour! We have to get ready! We are going even farther tonight! We have to hurry!" Thea said. It's funny because they act like I should know this. Well at least I have more time than I expected.
"Alright, well, let me get my stuff out! I have a shirt for you to wear!" I say, with the widest smile, matching their own. This is going to be fun.
••••••••••••••
Fifty minutes later*
The boys are going to be here in ten minutes. The girls and I always have this tradition, that whenever we are all together, we try to look seductive to Harry and his friends. It usually works. Although, I think that David is always licking his lips at me. It freaks me out because I do not like him in the least.
Anyway, the three of us have out done ourselves this time. I just need to put my mascara on, and I will be ready. Bethany is wearing a strapless shirt went up past her belly button. It was white background with big, colorful polka dots and frilly layers all around. Then she is wearing a small, light wash, comfy high waisted jean shorts. Her tan legs look amazing in those shorts. And the high, black high heals make her look taller than normal. Bethany has her blond hair straight, which goes down to her shoulders. Grey eyeshadow and bright red lipstick complete the outfit.
Thea looks amazing, but not too revealing, because Harry is her brother, but you understand. She dyed her hair a couple weeks back, so it is a little blond, and she put it up, with slight waves. She is wearing a dark purple, short cocktail dress. It is fully lace on the stomach part, which shows her piercing perfectly. Black heals, and black makeup look good with the dress. Thea doesn't believe us, but we keep telling her that she is beautiful, and really fit. Her stomach and legs are skinny, but not muscular.
Last but not least, there is me. I am wearing a short cut shirt that had an Avengers front and tied was tied on the sides. Booty shorts that are dark washed, bleached and had many holes in them covered an inch past my butt up to an inch below my belly button. With high heals are a bright, lady blue that matches my nude lipstick and grey eyeshadow. It goes perfectly with my bright teal eyes, and blond hair. My hair is in light curls and goes almost past my boobs.
I put on my mascara, and I was ready. The boys are almost here, and we are ready. They tend to do about the same things that we do. Every once in a while, they come without shirts all together. I love it when they do that. But the trick is to see who gives in first. Usually, the girls win. I can not give in.