
"What? Really?" I ask, acting surprised. This is just what I wanted though!
"No- nothing. Never mind. Let's go." He had a big, frustrated crease in his forehead. When I didn't move, he grabbed my wrist forcefully and pulled me along with him.
This was the second time tonight that the boys have been weird. It is really awkward and starting to freak me out.
"Finally! Does it really take two minutes for you to go get her? Gosh David! What were you doing?!" Gemma yells at him.
"Wait, what?! You waited for two minutes? What were you doing?" I ask him with wide eyes.
"Nothing! I was just waiting for you!" His scream boomed throughout the room, which scared us all.
The room was silent, so I had to speak up, "O-oh, o-ok. That's fine. who is ready to play?" I stutter out, while looking at my feet, and twiddling my thumbs.
He sighs. "Look, I didn't mean it that way. I'm sorry, I just-" but he was cut off by Harry.
"Well, that's ok. Alright, like Kylie said, anyone ready to play?" Harry grunted out. He was so obviously pissed. I don't know why though.
"Finally!" Thea groaned. Gosh, great moment The!
•••••••••••••••••••
After an hour of barely drinking and playing truth or dare, everybody has cheered up a bit. Ok, maybe more than a bit. Maybe a lot. But that is good right? Plus we are all exhausted
"Alright!" Beth screamed. "Ky! Truth or dare!?!" She was so, obviously drunk.
"Dare!" I shout out the one word with force. I usually don't drink too much.
Bethany had that one look on her face, where you could tell that she was up to no good. It was an evil grin, I will tell you.
"I dare you to go into a bedroom and have seven minutes in heaven with the boy that gets chosen, or volunteers!" Her voice is low and almost husky. Seriously? We are teens, not kids.
"I accept!" I am having too much pride and joy put into this. I just don't know if I want it to be one of these boys.
"I volunteer!" They all slur out loud in unison. Well that was awkward.
"Haha! Nope! I choose---........ David!" Bethany I swear to goodness that I will murder you in your sleep!
"NO!" Harry and Chase stumble to catch the David who is already carrying me bridal style to the room. Our shoes and outfit were messed up a long time ago, and I was back in a normal batman t-shirt.
Thea stands in front of them. "There is no way that you are ruining tonight any more than you already have! I do not know what you have against her today, but it is getting on my nerves!"
They mumble a short 'fine' and glare at her while they walk away. David smirks and continues to carry me towards Thea's bedroom. I don't know what made him take me in there, but I was ok with it. Then again, I was kind of drunk.
He throws the door open and tosses me on the bed. I hear them shout that they were starting the time. David comes over to me with a giant smirk and I crawl under the covers. Before I know what else is happening, David is flopped on top of my body and snaking his hands under the blanket.
"Wh-what are you doing?" I stutter. He looks pretty hot laying on top of me with that smirk if his.
.... Wait, what?! Did I seriously just think that!!??!! No! I ca-