
Then it struck me.
Cautiously, I glanced over at Vince, being very careful with my tone. "Vince, what happened to your mom?"
I could practically feel something darken inside him. I knew that whatever happened to her wasn't good.
After a few more moments of silence, Beast finally spoke, his voice cold and distant. "She was murdered."
With everything that had been going on, all the killings, the secret life that my brother had, just everything, this was extremely believable. Someone had murdered Vince's mother. That was very, very possible, and didn't surprise me at all.
Pushing my limits, I decided to ask more. "Why?"
Beast ran a hand through his hair, his jaw completely clenched. "I don't know. But that's what I'm here for." He turned to look at me, his hazel eyes sharp and filled with anguish. "To find out why. I want to know why someone thought it would be useful to take away her life. I want to know why someone would be willing enough to hurt the most beautiful soul in the world. I want to know why someone would even want to hurt her. I want to know everything."
My hands automatically went up to Beast's face, wanting to calm those beautiful eyes of his, to take away his pain. "Who would do that?"
"Nobody you need to know."
But, the thing was, I think I knew who. I didn't want to believe it was that person, but for some reason, my gut told me it was him. Bringing Beast closer to myself, I tried to feel his pain, tried to share his grief.
"I'm sorry," I whispered to Beast, burying his face into my chest. "I'm so, so sorry."

A/N Hi guys! Okay, first of all...yes, this is an extremely late update. I know. I was just so busy, I never got time to write. I also had a terrible writers block, and so...that brings me to my second point. I know, things got intimate there. No, they haven't done the nasty yet, but they did get very close to it. It was the only way I could get over my writers block. Third, this book will be completed (after three years of writing it haha) by the end of this summer. I PROMISE! I will finish it, and then complete I'll Write Again and Irrevocable with the Irresistible, and then start a spin off of Jared and Savannah, because I ship them (just like many of you do) and I want to write something about them xD I HOPE YOU ENJOYED THIS! It was short, but worth it. I'll write again soon! I LOVE YOU ALL. Thank you so much for keeping up with me.

