
When he received no response, he headed toward the small kitchen, expecting her to be concentrating on cooking something new. Instead, he found the kitchen wrecked like the living room, a large pan set on fire.
“Gesù Cristo,” he cursed at the fire, heading toward the fire extinguisher. “Mamma, you need to be more careful.”
After blowing down the small flames, he called for his mother again, concerned this time. By now, she would have replied and come rushing to him, telling him that she didn’t mean to burn the food or not hear him. She’d give him a kiss on the cheek and tell him to sit down and try her new Italian Brovada or Sarde in saor , and then tell him exciting stories about the first time she had ever tried the dish, while he happily plowed through the food.
But today, she hadn’t. She wasn’t in the living room or kitchen like she usually would be. Worried, Vince began toward her room, hurrying there.
"Mamma?" he asked again, his forehead wrinkling, panic threatening to blast out of him. "Mamma, please don't play games. Where are you? Come on, Mamma, tell me where you are."
There was no return of acknowledgement.
“Mamma?” His plea was much more like a holler this time, as he raced through his small apartment, and rapped against her door. “Mamma, open the door. Mamma, aprire la porta!”
When nothing happened, he tried turning the doorknob, but it wouldn’t budge. With his heart rushing in anxiety, he grabbed the first chair he could find and smashed it against the door, causing the door to break off its hinges. As soon as it fell, Vince stepped into the room and glared around, his breathing becoming unsteady.
The moment his eyes focused on a small body curled on the cold wooden floor, his mind went haywire. Terror pumped through him, anxiety wired around him, and fear tantalized him forward, rushing him to kneel down beside her.
“Mamma,” he blindly shook her, his fingers trembling against her clammy skin. “Mamma, wake up.”
When she didn’t respond, his heart pounced against his chest, and he shook her violently, faith dying out. “Mamma, risvegliare! Come on, Mamma, wake up!”
He tried to turn her, but then stopped the instant his fingers felt something wet against her. Fighting for his self-assurance, he deliberately looked down, trying to keep his breath going.
Gleaming red liquid clung to his fingers, fresh and clean. He rubbed it lightly, then sniffed it. It had the smell of blood.
Holding his breath, he turned her to face him. Tears pricked against his eyes, as he hysterically pulled her scarf down, away from her neck. A sharp gasp escaped his lips, a sob from his chest.
Vince’s blood ran cold, draining all means of hope out of him. A large black hole sat at the base of her chest, blood oozing out of it. A bullet sat in the center of it, as if it were the devil himself. Her eyes were shut, her lips gently turned down in a frown. Her delicate features were distressed and troubled.
Her pulse was still.
His face broke into agony as he stared at the wound, undeniably shocked. His heart wouldn’t pump, his body wouldn’t move. His scream was piercing and tortured, tormented and lacerated, broken and shattered.