
I hung around in my temporary bedroom, wondering what the hell I should do. Should I call my parents, tell them anything?
No. They wouldn't care.
Should I call Zach and tell him what I want to do? I paused, and contemplated over that for a moment. If I told Zach, I could potentially be hurting Beast. I could also be making a bad decision, because Zach could be planning something totally different. But if I didn't tell him, I wouldn't have a plan, or a way to go around this issue.
Then it hit me.
Grabbing my cell, which thankfully Beast had gotten back for me, I dialed Jared's number.
"Hurro?"
"Jared, it's me, Zoe."
"Oh, hey, baby doll! What can I do for you?"
"I need to talk to you. Something happened. Bring Savannah to the park in half an hour. I'll meet you there."
"But I'm studying for my history quiz!"
"It's urgent, Jared."
"Okay, you know what, fine. I'll be there. But if I fail it's going to be on you."
I rolled my eyes. "Bye, Jerry."
"Cherry? Aw shucks, bye, tomato!"
I cut the call off, sighing.
Twenty minutes later, I started to sneak out of Beast's house and move towards the park.
***
"That is a shitload of bullshit, Zoe."
"Of course it's a shitload, you idiot," Savannah shoved Jared on his shoulder. "Beast makes life complicated. You can't expect her to not give you a shitload of information."
"I said it's bullshit, not information."
My jaw dropped. "It all happened! I saw it with my own eyes!"
"It's crazy! Nobody murders like that! It sounds like a lot of bull, to be honest."
"Jared!" Savannah punched him again, her eyes surprised.
I set my jaw. "Look, Jared, I came to the two of you because I needed help. I don't know what to do, I'm more overwhelmed than you are, and I'm worried out of my mind. If you can't help me, the least you can do is believe me and not turn a blind eye on me."
"Hey, hey!" Jared put his hands up. "I'm just saying. Now if it is true, I really don't know what to do with that shitload, other than go to the police and report multiple murders."
"No!" I blurted, my eyes widening. "You cannot, absolutely cannot do that! Until we have everything figured out, nobody can go to the police, nobody! Is that clear?"
Jared backed away, his hands still in the air. "I hear you, woman."
Watching at me, Savannah stayed silent, not moving a muscle. I stared back, waiting for her to try to talk me into telling the police.
Instead, she quietly reached forward and hugged me, pulling me in tight.
"Oh, Zoe," she murmured, stroking my hair. "Oh, poor Zoe."
Without realizing it, tears began to stray down my face, all my thoughts just blocking off. My eyes shut, and my arms went around her too, pulling her in even tighter. My breath went haywire, and I sobbed into Savannah's hair, letting everything inside of me come out. My worry, my fear, my complete and utter shock, everything. I just wept, finally letting everything out.