
He looked up at me, his eyes filled with fraught tears. But rather than expressing pain, he conveyed anger, rage, wrath. He stared at me for a moment, his fury directed straight at me.
“Now I want justice,” he spoke, not moving. “And I want revenge. Bloody revenge.”
My breath hitched, unsteady.
“I want to snatch away something that’s as precious to him as my mother was to me.” I gasped as his eyes snapped to mine, hungry and menacing. He stood up, his tall build suddenly seeming towering and beastly. I could feel alarm pump through my veins as he advanced toward me, the rim of his eyes bloodshot and disturbed.
“I want to steal away you.”
Before I could comprehend what was happening, he crushed his lips against mine, slamming my body into the wall behind me. I could feel his hands roughly grasp my face, feel his form press against mine, furious and livid. I could feel his fury churn through him, channel through the aggressive grip he held on me.
I couldn’t react, couldn’t think, couldn’t even follow what was happening. Beast was kissing me. Beast was pushing his mouth-watering body against mine. Beast had his lips locked with mine.
Oh, God.
I couldn’t think, couldn’t feel. I couldn’t believe it.
Moaning, I felt my arms automatically go up, swing across his shoulders and over his neck. I could feel myself finally react to his kiss, to return one just as intense and passionate as the one he was giving me. I could feel the hunger for more reverberate through our bodies, both of us wanting more.
A groan escaped his lips.
I pressed up against him, and swung him around so he was the one being pushed up against the wall, and I was the one with the power. He allowed it, allowed me to give him what he wanted. What I wanted.
Then suddenly, he snapped back, his eyes wide.
Breathing heavily, he stepped back and stared at me, his hazel eyes battling through different emotions. Confusion, frustration, anger – everything was flying through his eyes, molding together in torment. I reached out toward him, wanting to do something, anything, to make him feel better.
“Vince-”
“Don’t.” The word was cold, steel hard.
I watched him, concerned. I wasn’t sure about what had happened, but whatever it was, it was big.
After gazing at each other for what seemed like hours, he slumped back down and covered his face with his arm, leaning against the wall.
“Leave.”
Glancing down at him, at his distressed form, I bit my lip. “Beast, if there’s anything I can help you wi-”
“Get out of here!” Beast growled, his eyes venomous. “You don’t know anything about me, so don’t give me this crap! Don’t try to understand, don’t pretend to care, don’t be here. Don’t even look at me. Just get the hell out.”
I froze, not knowing what to do. My mind wouldn’t operate, wouldn’t let me assess the situation. I was standing in front of the most powerful guy at school, who was anguished with something I may never be able to understand. I was standing in front of him, knowing that he could easily get up and do whatever the hell he wants with me…fearless.