
"It's okay," she patted my back, hushing me gently. "We're here for you, Zoe. Everything will be all right."
We stayed like that, for a few moments - me crying everything into Savannah's arms, Savannah holding me tight like a mother, and Jared supporting me with his hand on my shoulder, doing his best to let me know that he was there for me as well.
Sniffling, I finally pulled out of Savannah's hug, wiping my eyes to meet her concerned ones and Jared's awkwardly worried ones.
"I'm fine," I smiled through my tears, trying to show them I was truly good. "I'm okay."
"Look," Jared started, his eyes moving down apologetically. "I didn't mean all that. I mean, yes, I thought it was bullshit-"
"Jared!" Savannah interjected, eying him.
"But I don't think it's bullshit now," Jared continued, his voice rising an octave higher in fear. "If I knew it wasn't bull, I would never have said the things I did."
"It's fine, Jared." I rolled my eyes, wiping my last tear off my face. "I understand."
"There's just a lot going on, and I get that you don't know how to handle it - I mean who can handle murders, am I right?" he tried to joke, sending his smile over to Savannah, trying to lighten the mood. She glared at him. "Okay, I'll stop. I'm not really good at this, so..."
Savannah turned from Jared back to me, and gave me a sympathetic smile. "I'm glad you came to us, Zoe. I know we might not be able to give you advice, but we're here for you, and we'll support every decision you make."
"Oh yeah," Jared added. "Even though it's football season, I'll hang in there for you."
"Thanks, guys," I hugged them again. "Thank you for everything."
"Now, I'll tell you what," Savannah smiled. "You head on over to your house and dig through Zach's stuff. Find some sort of evidence you can use against him."
"What'll that do?"
"It-"
Jared cut her off. "It'll be useful for you to manipulate him into doing whatever you want him to do."
"Li-" Savannah started.
"Like making him stop the murders." Jared flashed Savannah a grin. "Great minds think alike, eh?"
She glowered at him.

AN// God, I love Jared and Savannah. I really missed them, after not writing with them for chapters. Anyway, another update! I'm trying to write as much as I can, as soon as I can so I can keep updating this and not leave you guys hanging for months at a time. I actually will be done with this soon, in less than 10 chapters.
I hope you guys enjoyed. No Beast, but a lot of Jared so...good enough, eh? I already started a spinoff with Jared and Savannah that I'll be uploading after I finish Zoe and the Beast, so stay tuned. Everything's going to come together in this book soon, so stay tuned with this too!
If you liked this, please give this a vote and a comment! It's very motivating, and it doesn't hurt, so hit that button, please?
Thank you so much for reading!