
He shook his head, giving me a bitter smile. “Oh, I know him better than you think. I know him much more than you do.”
I groaned, frustrated. My stomach was growling, my head was rolling with tension, and my head hurt. What was the big deal? I barely exchanged conversation with Beast. What was Zach’s problem? What was he trying to say? One moment he was angry, the next he was challenging me. Why?
“Would you just get to the point?” I snapped, “I’m hungry and tired, and I really want to go to lunch.”
He loosened his grip on me, and softened his eyes. “Sorry.”
From his eyes, I got the feeling he was sorry for more than holding me from lunch.
“Zach,” I wailed, “Spill it.”
He sighed, and spoke simply. “Just stay away from Beast. He’s not good, and he’s only meant for trouble. Don’t talk to him, avoid him, and just stay away from him. Like I said, he’s a douchebag.”
I rolled my eyes, and turned back to my locker. “Whatever. Go away.”
“So you’ll stay away from him?”
“Maybe,” I replied, staying vague to annoy him. “Now, please, go away!”
I heard a mumble, and then footsteps walking away. Immediately, I was relieved that my brother had left me; he’d terrified me with his anger and concern.
I sighed, and turned back to my locker. After pulling out my lunch box, I checked my schedule, looking at the amount of time I had left for lunch. Eighteen minutes.
Shutting my locker, I turned around, preparing myself for the massive crowd. Lunch time. Finally.
But instead, I found an empty hall, with nobody standing around me. Except...Vince. He was studying me with amused eyes, as he leaned against a locker across the hallway. He looked as if he’d been watching me for a while, just taking me in.
That’s not creepy at all. It would have been creepy if he was anyone else, but because he was Beast, because he had the power to emanate the ideal cool guy instead of a stalky student, it was not creepy.
Suddenly, he walked up to me, suavely, and put his muscular arms on both sides of my small form, carefully. "Make me fall for you."
"What?" I stared at him, dumbfounded by how close he was to me. Fall in love with me? Was he for real?
He smirked. "You heard me. I'm giving you one year, Zoe. That's it. After that, if I don't fall for you, then let's just say that you're little secret will be out."
Secret? What secret?
With that, he took his hands back, shot an amused smile at me, and whirled his gorgeous body to class.
Vince, the high school's bad boy, just ordered me to make him fall in love with me.

This better be good.
____________