
The next day, at school, my heart almost shattered.

“Wait, is that your gauze?”
I glanced up at where Jared was pointing and immediately smiled at the little piece of cloth. “Yeah. That’s mine.”
I didn’t know about what had happened to me. There was this sweet sensation in my heart, this sort of fuzziness that made everything seem absolutely perfect.
Was it the fact that Beast had showed an interest in me? Was it how he had held me in his arms? Was is it how he had actually opened up to me, had let me in?
I didn’t know.
All I knew was that whatever he had done to me had me soaring, happiness flowing through me. He had done something to me, something that had me falling hard.
It had been two days. He held me on Saturday. I dreamed on Sunday. And today was Monday.
“Would you cut that out?” Jared interrupted, irritated.
“Cut what out?” I asked.
“That smiley thing you’re doing. It’s so creepy, watching you actually smile on your own.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “Is it so bad that I’m smiling?”
He sighed. “That’s not bad. The fact that you’re smiling because of Beast is bad.”
I stiffened. “He’s not as bad as you think he is.”
“Not as bad as I think he is,” Jared scoffed, tossing me the torn gauze. “Sure. Up until yesterday, you were out of control, trying to figure out what you would do to stop him.” He puckered up his lips and battered his eyes. “‘Oh, Jared, what do you think Beast’s going to do?’. ‘Oh, Jared, do you think Zach and Beast hurt each other?’. ‘Oh, Jared, do you think my butt looks big in this dress?’ ‘Oh Ja’-ow!”
“Oh, Jared,” I flickered my eyelashes sweetly. “Pass me back the notebook I hit you with, would you?”
He grumbled some words under his breath, but then passed it over. “I don’t know who to hate more; You, or Savannah. Where the hell is she, anyway?”
Just on cue, Savannah barged into the school library and scrambled over to our table, disrupting other students.
“You guys!” She grabbed both of our arms and hauled us up. “What are you two doing here? There’s an epic fight going on outside, and you’re missing out on it!”
“What I don’t want to see a fight-”
“Too bad!” Savannah pushed Jared towards the door. “You’re going to have to.”
“Excuse me,” A librarian walked over to us. “Ms. Evans, I don’t believe that this is the proper place to scream at your friends. Please-”
“We’re leaving!” She grabbed my backpack and snagged it into Jared’s surprised arms. “Come on!”
“I shouldn’t have asked that question out loud,” Jared muttered, heading out of the library. “It’s never a good thing to ask about her.”
I slanted a look at him.
“All right, guys,” Savannah rushed, nodding her chin toward the school’s exit doors. “It’s right over those doors. Now, remember, don’t freak out. It’ll be a little weird, a little foggy, but it’ll be okay. Don-”
“We don’t need a pep-talk, Savannah.” Jared said, rolling his eyes. “Let’s just catch a glimpse of it and then go back.”