
“I agree,” I spoke up, heading toward the white doors. “We’ll just look at it once and go back to studying. I have a history test tomorrow, and I’m not prepared for it at all.”
“I don’t think this is going to be one of those fights, Zoe,” Savannah said, nervously. “It’ll be something more.”
I gave her a curious look before pushing open the double doors, to the bright sunlight.
“Beast! Beast! Beast!”
“Z! Z! Z!”
A big crowded circled around four teenagers, sweating and angry. Two of them faced each other, nose to nose, eye to eye. They both had dark hair; one dark copper, one pitch black. They both had dark eyes: two hazel ones, two pitch black ones. They both had sneers on their faces: one pissed off, one arrogant.
Oh shit.
I stumbled through the crowd just in time to watch a painful punch hit a jawline, a loud blow audible. A body fell back toward the ground, collapsing against the hot cement.
“Come on, Beast!” Zack announced, jutting his chin up. “Fight back! Where’s that mainly power you always think you have?”
Beast glared up at Zach, and wiped blood off of his lip. Angry, he ripped himself onto his feet and growled, a menacing sound reverberating through the air.
My eyes widened. “No!”
Within the blink of an eye, Beast sent an excruciating blow straight at Zach’s nose, cracking it. A hiss escaped Zach’s lips as he clutched his face, his eyes flat at Beast.
“Oh, Zach…” I grieved. “What have you gotten yourself into?”
“Now!” Zach yelled, backing away. His face burned in embarrassment and humiliation.
Three men behind Zach cracked their knuckles then headed for Beast. All three of those guys were like giants; huge, enormous, and extremely muscular. Beast glared back at them, ready to hit them in the face.
But everyone knew that he was going to lose. It couldn’t be possible for a teenager to take on three enormous men.
The moment one of them yanked their fists up to punch him, a piercing scream echoed out of my mouth, stopping everyone in the fight.
Beast’s handsome face immediately snapped to mine, his gaze connecting with my worried eyes. His lips parted in shock, his eyes wide in wonder.
The sound of a glass shattering came out of nowhere.
“Vince!” I shrieked, watching in terror as his body faltered to the floor, his eyes shut. Bright blood spread across the sidewalk underneath him, running down the cracks. Shards of glass glistened around him, sharp and dangerous.
Gasping, I stumbled down to him, kneeling over his beautiful face. “Vince!” I cried, pulling his head onto my lap. “Vince, wake up!”
He didn’t respond. I shook him, and checked for a pulse.
There had to be a pulse. There had to be a pulse, somewhere.
“Call an ambulance!”
“Beast’s on the floor! For the first time ever, Beast’s on the floor!
“Let’s get out of here!”
“The principal will be here any second!”
“Vince,” I sobbed, shaking him. I grabbed his wrist and pressed against it, looking for anything. Blood stained my fingers as I searched, bright red against my pale skin. “Vince, wake up!”