
Saying that my mind was swirling was an understatement.
I was downright befuddled. Blinking exceptionally slowly, I stared at Vince’s face, confused to the core.
Vince smirked his stunning smirk, and leaned back. “I knew it.”
Still baffled, a weird croaking sound came out of my throat in place of a question.
“I knew you’d want to see my bed someday.”
My mouth shot open, and I tried to recall what had just happened. “Wait...what?”
Oh shit.
“I didn’t mean it that way,” I began. “I just blinked, I didn’t mean to say ye-”
Vince completely ignored me. “All right, you can move in today. Just bring your stuff, and then I’ll set you up in the guest room. There’s almost everything in there for you, except for clothes. I think you’ll have to bring that, and school stuff. Other-”
“Vince,” I interrupted, standing up. “I’m not moving in with you.”
“Why not?” he challenged, standing up and towering over me.
“Because I can’t,” I shot back. “I’m sixteen, for goodness’ sake. It’s wrong and illegal, and-”
“I have absolutely no intention of touching you.” Vince clarified. “All I want to do is protect you-”
“Protect me from what?” I yelled, absolutely exasperated. “Zach is my brother! He shares the same blood as me, has the same parents as me, and was raised the same way as me. There is nothing to protect me from!”
“Did you not see what had just happened out there?” he shouted, getting closer to me. “Did you not see how Zach Hardvick, the monster who you think is absolutely perfect, brutally killed a man? Did you not understand that Fulvia, my goddamn housekeeper, was murdered under his orders? Do you not see-”
“Stop!” I screamed, shutting my eyes and covering my ears with my hands. I didn’t want to hear this. I didn’t have to. “Stop. Please, just stop.”
Vince did what I asked him to. I could feel his presence in front of me, feel him so close to me that I would be able to kiss him without moving. I could feel his arms on either sides of my body, pressing me up against the wall. I could feel everything.
But he couldn’t.
After I calmed down, I looked back up at him again, back at his handsome face and admirable features. Back at the bad boy that everyone fawned over.
“I don’t think you understand,” I finally whispered. “I don’t care. I don’t want to care. He’s my brother. He’s the ‘monster’ that raised me, that taught me to strive to be the best I could. He’s the guy that worked rigorously to give me and the rest of my brothers a comfortable, happy life.
“Zach is my family.”
The second those words left my mouth, tears began streaming down my cheeks, the realization of the fact that Zach had truly done something absolutely unforgivable slapping me hard across the face.
Zach had killed. Zach had killed.
Zach had killed.