
On one side, I was flattered. I was flattered that he wanted to fall in love with me, flattered that he saw me as love material. On the other side, I was freaking out. Beast wanted to fall in love with me – that could never be good. There was a reason he was called Beast, reasons I didn’t really know – and there was a reason behind why my brother warned me.
I couldn’t let this happen.
“You wanted to fall in love with me? Are you crazy?” I almost shouted, fraternized. “Why would you even want to fall in love with me?”
He chuckled, calm. “Okay, okay, hold on. Did you think I wanted to fall in love with you specifically? Oh, no, no, no. I didn’t want to fall in love with you. I wanted to fall in love. It didn’t matter who I was going to fall in love with – I just had to fall in love with someone. I still do.”
“Wait,” I said. Pieces were being put inside my mind, and I finally understood where he was coming from. “You just want to fall in love? You don’t care who you fall in love with?”
A smile erupted across his beautiful face, revealing bright teeth underneath. “Now you’re getting it.”
“But then why would you choose me?” I demanded, angered. “There are so many other girls in the world! So many! There would be thousands of girls dying for a chance to date you! Heck, there would be thousands of girls dying to meet you, talk to you, get to know you. Why did you choose me?”
He didn’t give two craps about who he fell in love with. He just wanted to fall in love – did he even know what he was talking about?
“Because I had to,” he said, crossing his long arms. “I needed a girl, and I got you.”
Gritting my teeth, I pushed forward. “Do you hear yourself? Do you understand what you’re saying?”
“I’m not joking, Zoe.” he said, steely. “I do want to fall in love.”
“So you think I’m a fool and that I should listen to you? Love isn’t some sort of thing you can just order someone to play with! You can’t possibly expect me to do what you want! You can’t get whatever you want! You have to-”
Suddenly, I was pushed up against a wall, pinned. Beast’s arms clutched my wrists on either side of my body, his face looming dangerously close to mine. His eyes were cold and resolute, as he gazed at me through them, sending daggers down my spine.
I felt him lean into me, into my neck. I felt cool, minty breath fawn across my body, sending ripples through my hair. Something soft brushed against the edge of my jaw, planting a light kiss there. Shivering, I felt vulnerable and turned my head to the side, as if avoiding him. The flames were back, heavier than before, more passionate than before. More kisses ran across my jaw, over my cheek, and onto my nose.
“Zoe?” he asked me, in his deep, sensual voice. “Are you sure you know who I am?”
Shutting my eyes, I nodded my head, unable to speak. His effect on me was overwhelming; I couldn’t focus on anything except for the gentle kisses he was trailing across my face.
“I’m Beast,” he whispered huskily. “And Beast always gets what he wants. Do you know what I want, Zoe?” Kisses blew across my face, gentle, becoming more agitated by the second. “I want to fall in love. I want to fall in love with you. And I will get what I want. Somehow, someday, I will fall in love with you. And you’ll love me back.”