
I sighed. “Well, we could’ve ridden with Jared if you hadn’t gone all ninja on him. He didn’t even eat your cupcakes in the end.”
“Yeah, but he wasted fifteen minutes of my life! Do you know how precious fifteen minutes are?”
“Well, you’re wasting an entire night of my life! Do you know how precious sleep is?” I accused, narrowing my eyes at her.
She smiled, wickedly. “Yes, I do. Which is why you are going to sleep with the sexy-”
“I am not going to sleep with anybody! You can, if you want to.”
“Wait,” Savannah paused, putting a hand in front of me. Her brown eyes were wide, a small grin tugging at her lips. “Beast invited you to the party, right?”
“Yeah…” I trailed off, unsure of where she was going with this.
“Well, then why don’t you call him and ask him to drive us there? It’ll be nice, and I’ll get to actually see how he treats you.”
I stared at her for a few moments, trying to figure out if she was kidding or not.
“I’m not joking,” she said, cocking an eyebrow. “I’m really serious right now.”
Stunned, I spent another five seconds gaping at her. Once I realized she was unquestionably serious about me asking Beast for help, I exploded.
“No! No, no, no, no, no. Absolutely not. We are not hitching a ride with Beast, not today, not tomorrow, not ever.”
Savanah raised an eyebrow at me.
“What?” I asked. “I already told you, I’m not interested in pursuing any sort of relationship with him, including getting a ride with him.”
She simpered, giving me that cunning smile of hers. “Well, then what were Jared and I observing today? You, running off to Beast to see if he could get you out of your little ‘deal’, your phone being stolen by Beast, and then you and him planting kisses on each other’s necks in the hallway after school?”
I gasped, gawking. “Tell me you didn’t see that.”
“Oh, I did, Zoe. And it was hot. You guys have a lot of chemistry.”
“Savannah…”
“Zoe…”
I sighed, exasperated. “Fine! I’ll talk to him and ask him.”
“Great!” she beamed, smiling. Dialing a number into her phone, she handed it to me.
“You have his number?” I asked in disbelief, while taking the phone from her.
“Yes! Now talk!”
I held my breath, until I heard a deep voice speak into the phone.

“Hello?”
___________
Hi again! The picture's Savannah - enjoy! She's cute, isn't she? Even though she can be a bit controlling, I like her. She's just an average teenage girl. Jared...goodness, I love him and his cupcake eating so much. I want a friend like him! And I left this on a cliffhanger (well, sort of) so I hope it works out well. Until the next chapter, enjoy!