
“Why?” I breathed, leaning toward him. His face was less than an inch away from mine, gorgeous and dazzling.
He licked his lips, again, and shook his head, silently.
“Vince, please,” I moved my hands toward his face, and put them on either side of his face, carefully. “You have to tell me.”
“I can’t, Zoe.” he whispered, quietly. “I wish I could, but I can’t.”
I bit my lips, tears now streaming freely down my cheek, and gazed at his stunning face. I knew that we would never be this close again, and that he would never come this close to me without guile again.
I wasn’t thinking straight. I needed to start thinking about what he just warned be about. I needed to think about what he meant when he said that my brother was dangerous.
But I couldn’t. I couldn’t think about anything except for him, his proximity, his breath, his voice, his touch. I couldn’t think about anything apart from him.
I looked down at his lips, his flawless, beautiful lips, and couldn’t help imagining myself touching them. I leaned closer, a small smile on my face, and put my finger on his lips, and traced them delicately. He chuckled beneath my touch.
“I just warned you about your brother,” he whispered, “and you’re doing this?”
I laughed lightly, still tracing his impeccable lips. “It’s hard not to.”
We both sat there in a comfortable silence, staring into each other’s eyes, trying to figure each other out.
“They’re going to kiss!”
Vince and I jumped, and then whipped our heads toward the balcony. My hands snagged away from his face, just as his did mine. Both of us stared at a blonde head bobbing unsteadily, watching us.
“Oh shit! They saw me! Pull me down, Jared!”
Sighing, I turned back to Beast. But by the time I had glanced back, Beast’s face had hardened, once again. It wasn’t playful, romantic, or flirtatious. It looked void of emotion, serious. My lip dropped, shocked at how quickly his mood had changed.
“You should go,” Beast warned me, standing up. “Before your friend does something stupid.”
I nodded my head uncertainly and I gulped. “Y-yeah. I should go.”
I backed away and headed toward the door, my face flushed. Before I could exit, Beast stopped me.
“By the way,” he said, his tone deep. I spun to face him. He continued, “I forgot to thank you. For the gauze.”
He winked at me and held up the gauze in admiration. “So thanks.”
I grinned back, letting out quiet laughter. “You’re very welcome.”

________________
A/N Something screwed up with the format of this chapter...erghh
But two chapters in a week! WHOO! :D The flow was kind of weird in this chapter, I wrote it as quickly as I could, but...yeah xD