
“You’re still thinking about what you would say to me, what caused your precious little brother to lash out, and most importantly - why the hell I chose you, right?”
I groaned to myself, mostly because he was right. Beast was, officially, right.
I turned on my heel, ready to glare at him. “What do you want, you goose?”
I froze, stopping myself from continuing. Forcing myself not to look at his face, at his oh-so-beautiful face, I slapped myself mentally. I had to remind myself that this was Beast I was talking to, not any common guy. I had to watch myself, make sure I wasn’t saying anything to get myself any deeper into the situation.
“Goose?” he questioned, amusement splaying in his eyes.
I rolled my eyes, annoyed, and motioned for him to continue. “Ignore that. What do you want, Beast?”
“I just want to know how you’re doing,” he said, giving me a breathtaking smile. “Zoe.”
My heart fluttered, yet again at how he spoke my name. It was surprising, how a single word from his lips could get me to wrap around his finger. Just breathing “Zoe” could make my heart stop momentarily, and make my head go fuzzy.
“What happened to calling me ‘Girl’?” I asked, lightheaded. “I thought we came upon an agreement.”
“Okay, Girl. So, Girl, are you-”
I put my hand up and said, “Okay, stop. I get it, stop.”
He grinned, perfect teeth gleaming beneath his perfect lips. I almost passed out from their perfectness.
I was really going to have to learn to control myself around him. I couldn’t always fawn over him, like a lovesick puppy. I had to have some level of power over looking at his glory.
Did I just call myself a lovesick puppy?
“What are you thinking?” he asked, tilting his head to the side.
I flicked my eyes up, annoyed. “None of your business.”
He feigned hurt, playfully. “Now, Zoe, you wouldn’t say that, would you?”
I shuddered, but not from fright. Stop saying my name!
I have him a sarcastic smile, and batted my eyelashes mockingly. “Why shouldn’t I? You already put me in a heap of trouble, why can’t I add on to your pain?”
He pretended to be in agony, and placed a hand over his heart. “Oh, Zoe, how you hurt my soul. Don’t know you know that Beast never feels pain?”
My jaw dropped dramatically. “So I’ve heard…You never get punched back in the face, do you?”
He grinned, broadly. “Never. It’s a true talent.”
“That’s a shame,” I shake my head, still in my theatrical mood. “You should have been hit. It would have done you right.”
This time his jaw dropped; that too in shock. “Did you just give me a knock wish?”