
“My, ‘be a good brother’ stance. I was hoping you wouldn’t embarrass me in high school.”
“Why would you hope,” I asked him, quoting Beast. “You should know better, Zander, you’ve been dealing with me your whole life.”
He looked offended. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
I laughed, but then turned my attention back on the teacher, who quietly sat down, watching us to make sure we were studying.
“So anyway,” I heard Zander say. “I heard some rumors about you.”
I flicked my eyes over to him, “What about me?”
“About how, apparently, you and Beast were dating.”
I gasped, shocked. “What?”
“Someone caught you guys making out in the hallway.”
“What?”
“And then Dave told me that you guys were leaning toward, almost giving each other love bites, before class.”
“WHAT?”
Zander shrugged, watching me. “Don’t blame me. Dave’s the guy sitting two seats in front of you, blame him.”
I turned, and glared at the head in front of me. Then, I grabbed a scrap piece of paper from my desk, and crumbled it up, smashing it on to his head. I heard him protest, but ignored him and turned back to Zander.
“What else did people say?” I demanded, worried.
He shrugged, again. “I honestly don’t know. All I was worried about was that my sister was going around making out with some bad boy on the first day of school.”
My jaw dropped. “Do you think I would date a bad boy?”
“Well,” he contemplated. “They always seem to go after the good girl.”
“Well I’m not!” I screeched, causing a few people to look my way. I lowered my voice. “I’m not dating him, nor do I have anything to do with him. They’re just rumors.”
Zander raised his eyebrows. “I didn’t finish with the rumor list. There’s this one rumor I heard which sounded kind of serious.”
“Go on,” I said, looking at him suspiciously. He was going to say that rumor, I knew he was.
“Someone said that he’s trying to make you make him fall in love with you.”
My blood ran cold.
“You heard about that?”
He nodded, his eyes worried. “So it’s true?”
I nodded my hand, taking a deep breath. “Yes, Zander. It’s true. Beast told me to make him fall in love with me.”
For a moment, I just watched my brother, trying to see how the gossip would go down with him.