
Jared’s head whipped over to Savannah. “Wait, you’re after Derek? I thought it was Beast!”
I rolled my eyes and nudged my way forward, toward the school building.
“Of course I’m after Derek,” Savannah exclaimed, lightly punching Jared on the shoulder. “Why would I be after Beast? He’s too…bad.”
“Too bad? He’s wicked,” Jared responded, “That’s why he’s called Beast, after all.”
My forehead wrinkled in thought. “What’s his real name?”
“I think it’s Vince Mascars,” Savannah mused, flipping her blonde hair. “That’s what Gemma told me.”
“Ew, Gemma,” Jared muttered under his breath. “She’s always after popular, ‘good-looking’, guys. It’s disgusting to watch her chase them.”
Savannah’s face scrunched up thoughtfully. “But she’s after you. You’re not popular or good-looking.”
“Hey!” Jared protested, with wide eyes.
Those were lies, of course. Jared may not have been part of the popular crowd, but he knew each and every one of the people in the group, and could easily fit in with them if he wanted to. Almost everyone at school knew who he was, mostly for his boyish smile and dark hair. He was cute, in his own way.
I stifled a giggle by biting my lip, and stepped through the front doors, only to be greeted by a wide, stone hard chest.
“Ow,” I muttered, rubbing my forehead. Looking up, I was about to scold the guy in front of me, until I realized who it was. Surprise
Beast Mascars.
He was staring down at me, smirking. I could tell that he was enjoying my pain, and wanted to torment me by telling me to watch where I was going. I took a deep breath, ready to face death.
“Zoe, right?” he asked, still grinning down at me, condescendingly. His voice was deep and strong, emancipating power and confidence.
I nodded my head at him, mute. My eyes couldn’t leave his face; Beast was even more beautiful close up. You could see every inch of his face clearly, and could tell that he had absolutely no imperfections; a straight nose, symmetrical jaw line, clear face, and sharp, penetrating eyes. Even a tiny scar running on top of his left eyebrow looked incredibly sexy on his face.
“I’ve heard a lot about you,” he said, his eyes clearly amused. “From a lot of different people.
My heart thumped, most likely out of fright. His words didn’t strike my mind until several moments after he spoke them.
Wait, he knew who I was?
“You’ve heard,” I swallowed, extremely nervous, “about me? What did you hear?”
He gave me a lopsided smile. “So much that you would be surprised.”
Still smirking, he looked up, above my head, and paused. His grin deepened, as if he were trying to provoke someone. He winked at that someone behind me, and then looked back down at me, his eyes abruptly flirty.