
“I look terrible?” he demanded, standing right in front of me. “Is that all you have to say?”
“What?”
He scoffed, sarcastically. “Oh, please. Save the innocence for later. Don’t pretend like you don’t know what happened. Don’t pretend like you didn’t plan for this to happen.”
“Plan for this to happen?” I asked in disbelief.
“That scream of yours,” he gusted heavily, and yanked me down to the couch. “That goddamn scream of yours completely interrupted my thoughts. I could have taken those guys down, I could have won. But you show up, and you scream the most blood-curling scream I’ve ever heard, and you get me distracted. They crack a beer bottle on my head, I fall unconscious, and you disappear.”
“I disappeared because they took me away!” I protested, my mouth dropping low. “I disappeared because they grabbed me and took me away!”
“Grabbed you and took you away.” he nodded, his fists clenching. “Okay, fine. Then explain the reason behind why you killed my ears while I was in the middle of a fight. Explain why you were even there, why you were rooting for your brother and denied it, and why you came here.”
The word stuck there for a moment.
“I screamed because I was scared,” I started, quietly. “I screamed because I was afraid they were going to hurt you, beat you up until you couldn’t even stand. I screamed because I was afraid for you.”
Although he continued to glare at me, I could see emotions battle in his eyes, vividly, wildly. He was conflicted – that much was obvious. His handsome face was troubled, a piece of his dark hair curling over his forehead. He sat for a moment, just staring at me.
“Goddamn it, stop that already!”
I jumped just as he slammed the wall behind us with his hand. He jerked himself off the couch and swiped a hand through his hair, obviously broken from the painful blow. He leaned back against the wall, letting out a harsh breath. Suddenly, he whirled to me, his eyes desperate. “Stop giving me that look, the one where your eyes watch me and your lip pouts. Stop glistening your eyes and tearing down - just stop! Stop all of it, Zoe!”
I froze, not understanding what he meant. What was I doing? How was I affecting him? Was I hurting him?
Then it came.
“Stop pretending like you care about me.”
I blinked, twice, before what he said sunk into me.
Stop pretending like you care about me.
Stop pretending like I care about him? Stop pretending? I wasn’t pretending. I was just…
Oh, God.
I stood up shakily, his words ringing in my ears. “I’m not pretending-”
“Then what the hell are you doing?” he barked, frustrated. “What the hell are you doing, coming over to my house? Why did you come to my house last time? Why are you here now? Why do you care?”
I felt like the energy had been drained out of me. I didn’t have a response – I didn’t even know I had to have a response. I didn’t know why I cared about him, why I worried about him, or why I even thought of him every day. I’d only been talking to him for three weeks – what had happened to me? Why was he so important, all of a sudden?