
P R O L O G U E
Four Years Ago...

A dark haired boy stepped onto the curb of the sidewalk, rain dripping heavily over his face. His hands were tucked into his black jacket’s pockets, his head hung low. At the age of fourteen, his only goal was to get home before it became dark outside, and before he caused his mother to worry.
A loud gunshot was audible somewhere in the background, causing the teenager to flinch. Although he had heard the sound multiple times, it never failed to shock him.
His vigilant eyes scanned his neighborhood for danger before he hurried toward his apartment, trying not to draw any unwanted attention. Even at such a young age, though, his beautiful face rarely went unnoticed. Along with dark hair and a strong jawline, he had prominent cheekbones and agile hazel eyes; all stunning traits that he had received from his mother.
Two adults eyed him from a corner warily, before returning to their cigarettes.
Puffing out a cloud of smoke, one of them called him out. “Yo, Vince.”
The boy immediately stopped on his tracks and turned to them, balling his hands into fists beneath his jacket cautiously. “Yeah?”
“Your pop was in the news again. He got big investments or somethin’. You might wanna check it out.”
Instantaneously, a scowl appeared across Vince’s face. The boy breathed out an irritated gust of air before he spoke through his teeth. “I don’t want to check out anything that has to do with my father.”
“You sure a’out that?”
“I’m positive.” Vince began shuffling back to his apartment, trying his best not to think about  his biological father, who meant next to nothing to him.
“Why?” The other man taunted him, an eerie grin appearing across his face. “’Cause he’s rich and you’re poor? Or ‘cause he knocked up your ma and then left the whore for dead?” The men both snorted, laughing.
Vince snarled silently at the ground, fighting the urge to turn around and rip them to pieces. It wasn’t the first time anyone had called his mother something insulting in front of him. The last time someone had, however, he had done his best to fight against them and had received three broken bones and a bloody jaw in the process, along with a devastated scolding. His mother had explained to him that people would always try to tease him, and that he should ignore them and leave it at that.
Instead of putting up a fight like the men wanted, the teenager sent them a bleak glare over his shoulder, and then tore to his apartment. When he entered, his eyes widened.
The furniture was strewed apart, upside down, pillows scattered across the floor. The curtains were tattered across the window, and the drawers were frayed and clearly tampered with. Vince knew that his mother had a bad habit of frantically searching through the house whenever she couldn't find something valuable, but she never went far enough to pull down the curtains. Vince’s eyes narrowed suspiciously as he glanced around, stepping through the room cagily.
“Mamma?” he called, taking off his jacket. Switching between Italian and English, he tried to look for his mother. “Va tutto bene? Were you looking for something?”