
I threw my hands up in the air, in frustration. "Yes! He just - wait how do you know?"
He shrugged and glanced over at the janitor, shortly. "I don't. But bloody hell, as soon as Derek came to all the students and forced them to rush out of A-pod and all of A-pod's hallways, I thought something was up. And then, when I found you in front of your locker with a dumbass expression, I knew something was up. And when Beast walked past me, away from your locker row, I knew it had something to do with you."
Shocked at his accurate deductions, I looked at him, surprised. "You should be a forensic scientist. You'll make lots of money."
He sighed, teasingly. "You're such a loser, Zoe."
"Anyway," I enunciated the word. "He asked me a very valuable question, well, more like demanded, but still."
"Go on." Savannah spoke this time, watching me carefully.
I took a deep breath, and swallowed my food, before talking. "He asked me to make me fall in love with him."
The janitor smirked at me.
Jared's eyebrows raised in shock. "Say that again?"
"He said, 'Make me fall in love with you' and then left."
Jared shook his head at me, amused. "You're out of your mind, aren't you? I mean that's just not believable. He's Beast. He's like the rainforest's dangerous-"
He froze, cutting himself off.
“What?” Savannah asked, suddenly alert. “’Like the rainforest’s dangerous’ what, Jared?”
“Like London’s rainy beast,” he whispered with wide eyes. He was watching something behind us, between Savannah and I. Just as I was about to turn to look, Jared voice frantically hollered my name.
“Zoe! Savannah!” he hissed, “Don’t look!”
“What is it?” Savannah asked, intense.
“Beast and Derek are watching us. Beast looks complacent, while Derek looks….constipated.”
“Constipated?” Savannah repeated, backing up. “Excuse me?”
“I hate him.” Jared shook his head bitterly.
My thoughts were swarming, and I started to worry.
“He’s staring at us? Why? Is that why he was talking to us this morning? Or was this all a joke? Does he have something planned up his-”
“Zoe, shut up.”
I gawked at Jared, yet again. “How can I shut up, Jared? He freaking told me to make him fall in love with me! How the hell am I supposed to shut up? He’s Beast! Freaking Beast, Jared!”
But Jared’s attention wasn’t on what I was saying. His eyes looked agitatedly between Savannah and me, as if searching for something.
“Wait, he was serious?” Savannah turned to me, gaping.
“Yes!” I gasped at her, standing up for air. My head was flooded with pressure by now, and I knew I needed space. If I didn’t get any, I would explode.