
Note: Although the prologue was a bit emotional, the book will not have that kind of emotion until later on.

C H A P T E R      O N E
4 Years Later...


A girl popped her neon pink bubble gum, her eyes wide in amazement and awe. She was staring straight ahead toward the school parking lot, frozen in disbelief.
“Who are they?” Her mouth was hanging low, most likely in reverence.
Without looking, I knew exactly who she was talking about, and why her reaction was so stunned. She was most probably a freshman, who just didn’t know about the boys yet. It was the first day of school, I didn’t blame her. There were only two people in this school who freshman would stop and ask about, and ask if they were them. They would as if those two boys were the jock and the badass. They would ask about how old they were, if they were single, and if they always looked yummy.
The answers to their questions were always yes.
I turned to look at the guys, watching them from a distance. Instantly, I was rapt as well.
One of them was wearing a tight white t-shirt, with a denim jacket, and light blue jeans. You could see his athletic body through his shirt, and could only imagine what it would look like bare. His eyes were a dark shade of gray, and his hair was styled, up in a crop. It was obvious that he worked hard to make his hair look as great as it did, and the style suited his face seamlessly. His face wore a bright – yet cheeky – grin, as he stepped out of his black viper.
The other one was the taller, more muscular one of the two. His body was lean, strong, and built. He had dark hair, which looked clean and disheveled, along with piercing hazel eyes. His face was undeniably attractive, with a strong jaw line, high cheekbones, and a clear, smooth face. A smirk played along his lips, teasing everyone unconditionally. Inevitably, I would have to admit that he was definitely the most handsome boy I had ever seen, and also one of the richest I had met. His face always held an arrogant and absolutely stunning smirk, something he was known for.
Of course, he was also known for other things. He was also known for the dangerous things he had done. He was known for the risky stunts he had pulled. He was known for the intimidating sensation he put off.
He was known for being Beast.
I gazed at Beast, as he ran a hand through his hair, looking around at his admirers. For a split second, I could swear that he glanced at me and kept eye contact, until Derek clamped a hand on Beast’s back and urged them to go inside. My heart sped up as I watched them leave, and I frowned at my reaction.
I heard a dreamy sigh from my left. Savannah, my best friend, was eyeing Derek wistfully.
“He’s so gorgeous,” she whispered, keeping her eyes trailed on him. “Just perfect.”
“Oh, come on,” A whine erupted from my right. I turned, and found Jared, another close friend, pointing glares toward Beast. He continued, “What's so great about Beast? I mean, he's a delinquent, he has absolutely no friends-”
“Except Derek!” Savannah squealed, clasping her hands together.