
C H A P T E R      S E V E N

“Are you going to go to the party at Gemma’s on Friday night?”
Flitting my eyes up to Savannah, I turned the page in my book and put a bookmark over it. “You mean Friday night, as in tonight?”
She stopped painting her nails and whirled back to me, her eyes wide. “Today’s Friday?”
I nodded, stopping the music coming from her stereo. Savannah was truly a blonde if she hadn’t realized that today was a Friday.
Man, I was turning mean. Beast had truly done something to me.
“You’re kidding!” she exclaimed, pouring all her nail polish bottles back into her bag. “Today’s Wednesday!”
“Nope,” I said, popping my ‘p’. “It’s Friday.”
Savannah’s eyes turned to her clock, and then back to me. “That means we have one hour until the party starts! We only have two hours to get ready, Zoe!”
I looked back at my textbook and shook my head, pursing my lips. “No, you have two hours.”
Okay, so if dy/df was equal to-
“What? You’re not going?”
I took a quick deep breath, and glared up at Savannah. She knew that I hated being interrupted during my math problems.
“Nooo,” I said, tiredly. “I’m not. I have better things to do than get drunk off my butt and face Beast again.”
Savannah’s bottom lip dropped as she stood up, her hips on her hands. Her sleek features narrowed down straight at me, her lips pursed.
“Oh, no you don’t,” she said, shaking her head fiercely. “You are coming with me, all the way down to the freaking party. You will get wasted, have a good time, shake your bottom on someone else’s ass, and then get laid with some quarterback from another school, and you will enjoy yourself while doing it. Do you understand?”
I backed away from her slicing face, my eyes blinking vividly.
“Do you understand?” she repeated, her face sharp.
I gulped. “Yes, ma’am.”
“Good. Now go get dressed up in some slutty dress before I force myself to drag your sorry face there naked.”
With wide eyes, I nodded, bobbing my head up and down, before resting my books on her bed and rushing to her closet.
When Savannah got nasty, she really got nasty.
***
“Jared, come on! You have to drive us; we have no other way of getting there! No, I can’t            drive yet! Does it look like I’m twelve? What? No, I don’t want your muffins. I don’t care if they’re freshly baked! You put cocoa in them? Okay, now they sound good. You want me to ask? No. Yeah, a dozen sounds good. Fine, but that means I get an extra. Thanks.”
Savannah turned to me, placing a hand across the mouthpiece of her phone. “Jared’s bringing a dozen muffins – I mean, donuts – over. Sound good?"