
“I thought you were kidding!” Savannah exclaimed.
“She’s a horrible kidder.”
“Shut up Jared!”
“What should I do?” I croaked, squeezing my eyes shut.
“Okay, Zoe, calm down, calm down, calm down,” Jared’s voice tried to loosen me up, but he just made it worse. I heard him desperately call out to Savannah. “Sav? Help, please?”
“All right, Zoe,” Savannah put her hand on my shoulder, and sat me down again. “Look, all you have to do is ignore him. What’s the worse he can do? Draw graffiti on your locker? Honestly, just chill and forget about it. He was probably just messing with you. Hot guys do that to random chicks. It happens.”
I took deep breaths, trying to calm myself down. Why was I telling Jared and Savannah that I was scared? Why was I letting them see me like this? Savannah was right, to an extent – he couldn’t exactly do very much to harm me. I could just ignore him, and pretend like none of this happened.
Couldn’t I?
“Hey, there he goes,” Savannah nodded toward the door. “See? Problem solved! He didn’t even look your way.”
Two tall figures were exiting the cafeteria, laughing and enjoying themselves. My eyes flared and I slammed my hands on the table. Beast had the absolute nerve to come up and scare me to death, and then laugh with the douchebag Derek about it?
That was beyond cruel.
Zapping up, out of my seat, I glared at the cafeteria exit doors. “I’m going to go ask him.”
Jared stared at me, jumbled. “Ask who what?”
“Beast. I’m going to see if he was being a serious bastard to me this morning.”
Savannah popped her eyes at me, while Jared just watched me, anticipating. I stomped my way over, out of the cafeteria, and out the door. Just as I stepped outside, the bell rung, causing a bunch of people to stumble out of their classrooms and run around, to their next class. I was pushed around, and tossed everywhere. I had books in my hands, which were almost thrown over by some freshman. I rolled my eyes and joined the hallways as well, walking towards the staircase, hopefully where he was located. I had to find him, I just had to.
Suddenly, I felt cool, minty breath fawn over the back of my neck.
“Looking for me?” I heard someone say from behind me, casually.
That voice. I knew that voice from somewhere. It was deep and melodic, nonchalant and imperturbable.

It was Beast’s.
____________
A/N: Here's the chapter :) I love Jared's character - I wanna best friend like that!
Actually, I'd rather BE the best friend. Hehe xD
Anyway, Vote and Comment! (And maybe even fan?) It'd make my day!