
Do not think his name, Zoe! You-
“I just told you not to say my name and the first thing you do is say my name?” he rumbled, getting his knees onto the bed. “What are you, another dumb blonde?”
My breathing quickened rapidly and I grabbed another pillow for support. “Don’t come any closer, please!”
He raised his head back, laughing humorlessly. “That’s funny, since it’s coming from you.”
I could feel tears dwell in my eyes, fear of what was going to happen flash through my mind. I had never done anything wrong toward other people. I had never tried to offend anyone or hurt anyone or do anything to anyone ever. Why was this happening to me, why –
All of a sudden, a loud creaking noise burst forth from the bed’s left, light illuminating the room. Two teenagers were at the end of the door, frozen on the other side of the doorway.
“Uh…” The boy stared at us, blinking hurriedly. I felt myself suck in a breath, turning to Beast. He was inched on the other side of the bed, stationed as if he were in the middle of crawling toward me, his shirt only buttoned halfway up. I was pushed up against the backboard, a pillow in my arms, my shirt slipping down my shoulders.
I spun back to the teenager, my eyes wide. “This is not what it looks li-”
“Sorry!” the girl yelped, throwing her hands up.  “We didn’t realize you guys were in…the middle of something. We won’t intrude again!” With that, she grabbed her boyfriend’s arm and hauled him away from us, shutting the door behind her.
Beast and I gawked at the closed door, completely shocked.
“She’s going to tell everyone that we’re hooking up, isn’t she?”
“Yep.”
“Shoot.”
___________________
A/N: For those of you wondering, yes, it looked like Beast was going to hurt her, but no, he was not going to rape her. I would not let that happen. Rape is a serious crime, something that is awful and horrid, and will not be a part of this book. So please, don't worry, Beast wouldn't do something like that. He wouldn't stoop so low.
Okay, that was kind of depressing. For the record, HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!! We're in 2014 - can you believe it? Like connor franta said, "We're closer to 2017 than 2007." WHAT THE FRICK? Where did all that time go? It's insane how time flies! I made a couple new year resolutions - did you? My biggest one was: UPDATE MORE OFTEN. And for the second record, I've actually updated 4 or 5 times in the past 35 days. So...kudos to me haha xD It wasn't all in this book though, which sucks.
Feel free to look at the beautiful graphic someone made for ZATB on the side, and have a great life! Don't forget to comment and vote if you think this chapter deserves it!
Okay, that sounded weird...
Bye now! :D
Copyright © MiNsHi from Wattpad