
He wasn't in the kitchen. Not in the living room. I slipped through all three bedrooms and found them empty. Even the fire escapes were locked shut. He clearly wasn't here.
Where else could he be?
He didn't go to his gang thing until it was night. It was Sunday morning, so no school. Zach was always kind of a loner at school and I had never met any of his friends, so that couldn't be it. Where would he be?
Then it hit me. He would be at Beast's house.
***
I zipped past Beast's fence and ran onto his patio, slamming heavily against the back door.
"Come on, come on!" Fumbling with the door knob, I pulled on it multiple times, only to find that it wouldn't budge.
Then I realized. I had to push on the door.
Pushing it open, I scrambled in, ready to find out where Beast was. If Zach was hurting him, oh God...
"Vince!" I yelled, "Zachary?"
A sound came, but I couldn't figure out where it was from.
"Beast?" This time louder than before, I heard a noise from upstairs. After stumbling up the staircase, I ran, in my tattered jeans and my faded hoodie, to the place where the noise was coming from – the place where Fulvia was killed.
I snapped the door open, and there I found Beast and Zach.
Zach was pounding Beast multiple times, while Beast attempted to dodge every punch, every blow. He was bleeding heavily, his lip split. Purple splotches surrounded both of his eyes and his chin, painful and heavy. His dark hair hung damply across his forehead, bits of dark blood moistening it. Beast wore a simple white tee and lean jeans, both of which were stained in red. He was on the ground groaning, but alive.
And there was Zach. He was merciless when punching him, and continuously hit him, nonstop. I could see bruises forming on Zach's knuckles, and red cuts all over his arms – but I couldn't see him stopping.
I gave out my loudest blood curling scream.
Zach's eyes immediately shot up from Beast's face, his fists moving away from Beast. Beast peeked at me momentarily, and then shut his eyes and groaned, leaning against the wall. Zach was standing now, with a slight limp and a bright red scar across his face. He stared at me, his face once again, void of emotion.
I stared back at him, my mind just...sad. I lost my faith in Zach.
"You know," I started, continuing to gaze at my brother. "I would have expected you to stop, especially after I had confronted you twice. But no. Here I am. I saw that, Zach. I saw it all."
Tears wouldn't come to my eyes anymore. Zach just wasn't worth it.
"You almost killed him today. It's not even lunch time, and you almost killed another person. What good does this do to you? I would have found out about your adoption, some day or another. Beast just sped things up. You make me disgusted, at this point. I don't even want to look at you anymore.
"You are a worthless human being."
Zach smiled at me, no malice underneath. "I was worthless the second I was born, Zoe. I'm just trying to make myself existent."
I didn't even listen to what he said. Whatever he spoke went in one of my ears, and came out the other. I didn't want to listen to his lies anymore.