
C H A P T E R      N I N E

Being ripped apart from a random guy by Beast after trying to make “him” angry and causing a large commotion was not the way I expected my time at the party to go. Especially if that random guy was Beast’s best friend.
“Beast?” Derek asked drowsily, looking humorously at Vince. “What are you doing here? I thought you were with Janessa.”
Janessa? Who was Janessa?
“And I thought that you were supposed to be partying with sophomores, yet here we are.”
The room became dead silent, the music turned off. Everyone’s eyes were watching us, trying to comprehend what was going on in front of them.
I could practically see the drip of venom from Beast’s voice, the hatred he was suppressing, the cunning tone of his breath. Shoot.
“Beast,” Derek scratched his head, suddenly aware of the attention we were getting and the crowd forming around us. “What’s going on? Why are you so pissed off?”
Beast laughed grimly, releasing his grip on me, and strode toward Derek. Although I hadn’t looked at Beast’s face yet, I could sense it was him, his confident stride, his arrogant movement, his cocky crusade. He leaned into Derek, a sharp threat falling off his tongue.
“Derek, you idiot,” Beast said, his voice strident. “Did I ever give you the permission to kiss Zoe Hardvick?”
“Permission to kiss me?” I wheezed, taken aback. “Excuse me?”
Everyone ignored me.
“I didn’t kiss your dick,” Derek stuttered, still confused. It was clear that he was wasted and drunk. “Why would I kiss your dick?”
I could hear Beast’s sour laughter echoing through the mute room.
“Not my dick, you idiot,” Beast breathed. “Zoe Hardvick.”
Suddenly realization dawned over Derek’s face, as he peered over to look at me. Both of our eyes popped; mine out of fear, his out of shock.
Derek glanced over at Beast, his face sullen and alert.
“I didn’t know it was her, Beast, I swear to God. She was the one who pulled me up to her and started crashing her lips down on me, not the other way around. I swear, Beast, I didn’t do it on purpose. I-”
Derek cut himself off midsentence when he saw Beast’s face turning towards me, his penetrating gaze reaching mine. Beast’s hazel eyes squinted at mine, shell shocking me to alarm.
“You kissed him?”
Before I could respond, I was seized and hauled over Beast’s shoulder, as he sped walked out of the room and smacked me down onto the bed of an empty room, shutting the door behind him.
My eyes widened as I sat up, backing away from him. “H-how did you do that? How did you get here so fast?”
“Why did you kiss him?” he retorted in a menacing manner.