
C H A P T E R     S I X

For the rest of the day, I avoided Beast.
Something was wrong with him. Something was very, very wrong with him.
First and foremost, even after arriving late to class for the past four years, earning at least a hundred detentions, playing around with girls, and ditching school half the school year, he still received the principal’s award for academic excellence. On top of that, he had the richest family in the region, hottest body in the country, and most attractive face in the world, yet he still seemed to think that he needed something.
He still seemed to think that he needed me to make him fall in love with me.
Why?
As I thought about him, I stared at myself in my bathroom mirror, completely silent.
Nothing had changed.
It was true. I hadn’t changed at all since the year before. I still looked the same, blonde hair, blue eyes. I still acted the same way, reserved and sarcastic. I still talked to the same people, Jared and Savannah. The only difference I could notice was that my hair had gotten longer, but I highly doubted that guys asked girls to make them fall in love with them because of the length of their hair.
Unless guys were just weird enough to care about hair. I’d have to ask Jared about that.
But then again, nothing had changed about me. What was with the sudden interest?
“Maybe he’s on drugs,” I muttered to myself, nodding determinedly. “That’s probably it. Drugs make people do stupid things.”
Without thinking, I bent down and splashed water onto my face, as if washing away bad luck. Lately, all I had was bad luck. Fighting with my brother, bumping into Beast, being home alone almost all the time, starting my junior year at school; it was insane. Was there anything nice going on during my existence?
Of course, my life wasn’t miserable. But at the moment, it wasn’t exactly what I would define as fantastic either.
Drying the water off with a towel, I looked back at myself, searching myself for reasons as to why Beast had asked me. Was it because I was wearing a short sleeved shirt today? Several girls at school wore short sleeved shirts. Should I wear more conservative clothes, then? Is a long sleeved shirt and a denim jacket conservative enough? Was my hair too short? Was Beast gay on the inside, just wanting to be known as the straight guy who looked for masculine girls?
Tone down the sarcasm, Zoe.
Still, through precautions, I looked down at the length of my hair, and then down at my chest.
Don’t kid yourself, Zoe. There’s nothing masculine about you.
Except, maybe, the hair…
I was really overthinking this.
Sighing to myself, I pushed away from the bathroom sink and walked out the door, forcing myself to stop musing.
“You’re still thinking, aren’t you?”
I froze, in mid-step.