
Silence.
Silence prevailed in the air. There wasn’t a single sound - not even crickets. My own breathing had stopped, nailed me down to my spot.
My brother, my own blood, the man I looked up to all my life, had just killed another human being. He hadn’t flinched, hadn’t hesitated, hadn’t done anything. He simply shot. No second thoughts, no guilty feelings. He forced another living man to lose his life, with one short movement.
Was this the Zach I had known my entire life? The one I admired, the one who practically raised me? Was he a criminal?
Was he a murderer?
Tears streamed down my face, dripping over Beast’s hand, and onto my shirt. How could Zach do this? How could Zach, my fucking brother do this?
“Shh,” Beast hushed, soothingly. “Don’t cry, Zoe. Don’t cry.”
I sniffled as quietly as I could, knowing that I couldn’t let Beast be caught. If I were caught watching Zach, I could still get off the hook. But Beast...I needed to protect him.
The man’s corpse collapsed against the cold pavement in front of Zach, clearly dead. Zach lowered his gun, tucked it into his jacket, and then stepped away from the body.
“Take him away,” he ordered, his eyes only on the lifeless man. Immediately, two bulky guys grabbed the guy and dragged him away.
“Well,” Zach rolled his shoulders, and began stepping away. “That sucked for him, huh? He should’ve just paid us up front.”
“How much did he owe us?” someone asked.
“It was nic, so about a grand.”
“There’s another guy who got some from us. Daryl. Hasn’t payed us back, Z.”
Zach stopped for a moment, and pursed his lips. “Bring him to me tomorrow. They know the rules. They don’t pay - they die.”
“What about that Beast kid? You said we had to kill him tomorrow.”
Gasping, my eyes popped out. I tried to turn to look at Beast, but he had me in a lock. They were going to kill Vince?
Zach cursed, sneering. “Beast. That stupid bastard doesn’t know where he belongs. I thought I finished him off four years ago, but he won’t stop bothering me. Now he’s after my sister.” I shivered, curling against Vince’s chest. Zach continued. “We’ll deal with him the next day.”
“But Ister and the gang are out to kill his maid right now.”
Beast’s arm went slack.
Hitching, I turned just in time to watch Beast silently sprint across the alley, back to where we came from. Widening my eyes, I bolted right after him, chasing him through the dark streets.
He had grabbed a taxi, and we drove to his house. During the entire ride, Beast was silent, staring out the window in anxiety. The driver, noticing Beast’s urgency, sped through the roads. We were there in minutes.
Beast charged out of the car and ran into the house before I could even open my wallet to pay the driver.
“Here you go,” I handed the driver a twenty dollar bill. “Keep the change.”
I stepped into the house just as Beast rushed out of one of the living room. He frantically looked at me, then whirled away to open a door.
“Fulvia!” he called, his eyes worriedly darting everywhere. “Fulvia!”
He turned and snapped open another door, desperately looking everywhere. “Fulvia, dove sei? Fulvia!”