
“You could say that,” I nodded my head, amused. His eyes flickered between surprise and humor. He was probably trying to figure what he should be doing; laughing at me or being shocked about the fact that I hoped someone would smack him in the face.
“Oh, little girl, you really don’t know who you’re playing with.”
“Little girl?” I rolled my eyes at his use of words. “So you’re a pedophile now?”
As soon as those words left my mouth, his expression hardened, and stiffness eloped his body. His hazel eyes transformed from playful to cold, from flirty to flat. My breathing quickened, and my eyes widened.
“That’s not funny,” he said, his jaw clenched.
I imagined a red light flashing above his head, warning me not to push him any further. This was a touchy topic for him; asking him for questions would just rebuttal against me. He didn’t look dangerous, or risky to be around, but he looked perplexed. He looked like he had put up a wall, and if I pushed any further, I’d throw myself at that wall and hurt myself, unable to move it.
He had set boundaries.
“I…” Trailing off, I stepped away from him. What was I supposed to say? I’m sorry? What for? No, I wouldn’t say that, no way. That would probably be the stupidest thing to say.
He held his hand up. “Anyway, I came here to tell you that there’s thing going on, on Friday, which normal people like to call,” he put two fingers up, quoting, “‘a party’.”
I beamed on the inside, glad his disconsolate temperament had disappeared.
“Really?” I spoke sardonically. “I’ve never heard of a party before. What do you do?”
He licked his lips, and smirked at me. “You drink, hook up like never before, and have the time of your life.”
My face wrinkled up. “I don’t want to hook up.”
“That’s too bad. I was really hoping we could have some tongue on tongue action in a bed.”
I coughed, almost sputtering out my water. Did he just tell me that he wanted to have sex with me?
Masking my discomfort with a laugh, I tried changing the topic.
“Why are telling me this? About the party?”
“Why shouldn’t I?”
“Because you barely know me, and I barely know you.”
He cocked an eyebrow. “I don’t want to make you seem stupid, Zoe, but I didn’t think you hadn’t realized that just hours ago, I told you to make me fall in love with you – this is the perfect chance for you to start.”
My jaw dropped. “Are you being serious? Do you even hear yourself?”
“You think I was joking?” he pointed to himself, letting out a hollow laugh. “You think I don’t want to fall in love with you?”
My eyes narrowed down, to slits. He wanted to fall in love with me? Since when? Why? Did he even know what love meant? Did he even understand that he sounded like a complete madman at the moment?