
He called her Mamma. Was that Mama? Mother? Mom? Was Fulvia close enough to him to be his mother?
The thought of her being his motherly figure ripped a piece of my heart out. He had just lost someone who was like his mother. I had never had a protective mother, so I could never lose a feeling like that, but if I lost Zach, or any of my other brothers...I know I would never be the same again.
Zach, I thought. Zach did this. Zach was the reason behind why Vince had lost someone. Behind the reason why someone lost their life.
Guilt swallowed me whole as I bent down in the dark room and slowly raised my arms to caress Vince’s shoulders.
“Oh, Vin-”
Beast whirled on me, slapping my arms away.
“Don’t you dare.”
I snapped backward, terror suddenly boiling through my body. His eyes.
His eyes transformed right in front of me. Less than a second ago, they were that of a child’s; earnest, affectionate, and undeniably heartbroken. There were drips of misery within his hazel orbs, hurting and wounded.
But now, his eyes were virulent. It was surprising, really, how someone so beautiful could abruptly have the eyes of an assassin. The eyes of a murderer.
He glared at me, piercing me, pushing me to the end of the wall. All I could think of was getting away from those eyes, those exquisitely pernicious eyes. I needed to get away, before something cruel and carcinogenic happened. Before he hurt me.
Sneering at me, he pulled a something out of his back pocket. A switchblade.
I gasped, horror pounding through me, possibilities of what he could do with that deadly knife racing through my mind. Oh God, oh God. He couldn’t hurt me. He wouldn’t hurt me.
…Right? Oh God.
“This is your fault,” he whispered, advancing toward me. His voice icy and cold, but filled with emotion. Shrinking away, I lay my eyes solely on the pocketknife, scared to the core. He continued, “You could have prevented this. You could have done something, and stopped this. It’s all in your blood, isn’t it?”
He leaned in to my frightened face, his stance bestial. “You and that son of a bitch have the same blood, don’t you?” He laughed, his burst completely emotionless. “Who am I kidding? You both have the same fucking mother. The same despicable human being gave birth to two - no scratch that - four detestable kids. Four immature, kids, who seem to think the world is all about happiness and have no clue about what shit other people have to face, because of them.” He gave me a reticent smile, and then jabbed the knife right at me, spiraling me into a fit of shrieks.
He had missed. On purpose.
My heart thumping timorously in my body, I shut my eyes whispered the only word that would come to my lips. “Please.”
“‘Please’ what, Zoe? Please don’t use that knife? Please don’t hurt me? Please don’t kill me?” Beast laughed again, leaning into me. I could feel him drift in further, until he finally rest his head onto my left shoulder. Shaking in terror underneath him, I continued to listen to him, not knowing what to do. “You know, Zoe, your blood has hurt me more than you could imagine. Your blood killed two people who meant everything to me, just for fun. Your blood killed the only family that was important to me, all simply for their personal amusement.”