
“Trust me, I won’t do that now.” Laughing bitterly, he pushed himself off the door frame and began walking toward me. Even as he ambled, I could hardly see any details on his body, the light contrasting greatly with him. “Not after what happened today. You can run along home to your brother and tell him that Beast thinks he’s a coward.” Beast towered right in front of me as I trembled against the wall, strong details of his face becoming visible. A curve settled on his lips. “You can tell him that he’s damned if he thinks he’s threatened me. If anything, he’s provoked me. And when someone provokes the Beast, the Beast comes out and fights.” Beast leaned into me, his lips at my ear. “And the Beast always wins.”
A sharp gasp escaped my lips.
“Now,” he continued, in his steady, captivating voice. “Walk over to my crème loveseat and look into the drawers beside it. There should be some gauze there.”
“Gauze?” My voice came out squeakily, still overwhelmed by his presence.
“Gauze,” he confirmed, amusement flaring in his eyes. “I need it.”
As quickly as I could, I darted away from him and toward the loveseat he was talking about. As I pried through the drawers, I watched Beast wearily stagger and sink into a couch, leaning his head back against the wall behind it. Before I knew it, I could feel something soft on my hand. Looking down, I saw white cloth balled up.
My confidence grew as I sauntered back towards him, the gauze curled in my fingers.
Once I reached him, I looked down, holding out my hand. “Here you go.”
His eyes popped open and he gazed at me, a crooked grin and a smug attitude etched across his face. Now that I could clearly see him, he looked like he just took a shower, with wet, tousled hair, and glossy skin. His eyes had a mischievous glint to them, immediately telling me that he was up to no good.
But he looked exhausted. Absolutely exhausted, to the core.
“Thanks,” he grinned and reached up, ready to grab the gauze.
Just before he could grasp them, I snatched my hand away, smirking down at him. “I don’t see why I should give this to you. You don’t seem hurt. I don’t see anything.”
He raised his eyebrows at me, entertained. Suddenly, he reached his hand down to the rim of his shirt and swiftly pulled it up, over his head.
My heart almost stopped.
There were red marks everywhere, scratches, cuts, bruises, everything. His body looked torn apart, and terribly ripped. My eyes immediately widened, and I felt my heart pounded against my chest in an attempt to jump out. His body was smeared with sweat, blood, and was hurt, clearly pounded upon.
And, even though it was torn up and even though I shouldn’t have been thinking this, his body still looked extremely attractive. It was true; he had a hard, toned stomach, which he had undoubtedly worked hard for. His body was smooth and clean, not a trace of hair anywhere.
His physique looked beautiful.
But he looked injured. Despicably injured.