
C H A P T E R      T W O

As soon as fourth period was over, I rushed to my locker, ready for lunch.
Just as I pulled it open, I felt a hand grab my elbow roughly and spin me around, causing me to drop all my books on the floor.
“Shoot,” I muttered, and bent down to pick them all up.
“Zoe.” A voice spoke my name, commanding me to look up. I knew that voice very well.
I obeyed, standing up. Pitch black hair, a scowl, and furious eyes glared at me, venomously.
“Zach,” I breathed with wide eyes. Zach was my older brother, a senior in high school. He was my role model; he always handled our family with care and respect. Right now, though, he was scaring me.
My brother looked absolutely violent, for reasons I couldn’t come up with. I had never seen him in a stage like this, angered and distraught. It terrified me, and I tried to back away from him, from his grasp.
In total, I had three brothers. Zach was the oldest of the four of us. I was born a year after him, being the only girl in the family. Two years later, Zander, popped out, with dirty blonde hair; like mine. A year and a half after him, Zane was born, being the last, and final child in the house.
Zach and Zane resembled our father, with dark hair and dark orbs. They both had almond shaped eyes, and wide shoulders. They looked almost identical – if they were around the same age, they would probably pass off as twins. The only difference between them was that Zach was four years older, and looked far more mature.
Zander and I looked more like our mother, with dirty blonde hair and green eyes. But as far as resemblances go, that was as similar as we looked. Nothing else about our facial features was similar – we looked very different.
According to my grandparents, Zach was a mistake; completely unintentional. After Zach was born, my parents decided to move in together, and thought it would be fantastic to create three more babies, one after another. Less than five years after Zane’s birth, my parents filed a divorce. Ever since, my father has lived an hour away from our house, and has only visited us on the weekends. When Zach turned twelve, my mother became an air hostess, almost always out of the house. All in all, Zach had taken the responsibility of becoming the parent in the house, and practically raised the rest of us.
At times, I cursed my parents for abandoning us. Other times, I’d be glad that they’re gone; I wouldn’t have to see their faces.
I turned my attention off my thoughts, and onto Zach. His face was boiling up, and I feared it would pop off. Nonetheless, he still looked like Zach – just angered.
“Zoe,” he repeated my name, “Did you talk to Beast this morning?”
I stared at him, not comprehending why he would ask me that question.
“Sort of,” I responded quickly. “I crashed into him, and then we talked.”
“Why?” he drawled, his hand clenching into a fist. “Why would you even want to talk to him? He’s an idiot.”
What the hell?
“You don’t know him,” I accused, rushing to Beast’s defense. “You don’t know him at all.”