
Zach grinned and motioned something with his hand. Within moments, Savannah and Jared stumbled into the hallway from around a corner, along with two dangerous looking guys at their step. Squinting, I watched them shuffle toward us, and turned my attention back to Zach.
“I’ll see you at home?”
“Not tonight,” He shook his head. “I’ve got something to fix up. I’ll be home for breakfast tomorrow, though.”
“All right,” I said, taking in a deep breath. “I’ll see you later, then.”
“See ya’.” With that, Zach walked off toward the school exit with the two men. I watched three more emerge from the janitor’s closet ahead, falling straight into step behind him.
Jared was muttering curses while trying to fix his shoe. “That son of a goddamn b-” He sharply looked up at me, a frightened expression on his face. “beautiful mother. Goddamn beautiful mother.”
I ignored him and watched Zach stalk out, my mind trying to put pieces together.
“Zoe?” Savannah pressed gently. “Is everything okay?”
“No, it’s not.” I whispered, my eyes on Zach’s hand. “My brother’s in trouble. And it has something to do with Beast.”
“How do you know?” Jared asked me, standing up. He tried to follow my gaze, but couldn’t seem to figure out what I was looking at.
Savannah rolled her eyes. “Well, Jared, considering that Zach’s been warning her to stay away from Beast for the past forever, I guess it-”
“No, it’s not just that.” I cut her off and turned back to her, my eyes staring straight though her. “Zach has bruised and bloody hand, something I noticed when he put his hand on my shoulder. Beast’s sitting at home with a broken nose.”
“He probably has some other broken things too, like broken brain cells, and-”
“Shut up, Jared!” Savannah glared at him, putting a finger to her lips. “Focus.”
“No, Jared’s right. He could be beat up, for all we know.” My eyes came back to both of their faces, worried. “Zach’s done something to him, and he could get hurt for it. We need to go up and check on Beast, make sure he isn’t looking for revenge or vengeance on my brother. We need to fix things up.”
“Good idea,” Savannah nodded, turning her head to Jared. “We’ll need your car.”
“My car?” Jared protested, hurriedly. “Why do you need to use my car?”
“Because you’re the only one with a car that we can use.”
“Sav, my car’s brand new! What if someone bashes it in or something? I can’t live with that.” Jared shook his head. “No, no, we are not using my car. It’s too-”
Savannah put her hand on his arm, shutting him up, and shot him a flirty gaze. “Please, Jared.” She spoke seductively. “We need your car. I need your car. I need you.”
“O-okay,” he stammered. “We’ll use my car. Right now.”