
I glanced around the rooms, looking for an old woman. After completely searching the first floor, I jogged upstairs, to where Beast hopelessly jammed doors open, searching for her.
Red rimmed his eyes, hysteria welling up on his face. I watched him bleakly as he uselessly raced through rooms, dying to find her. He snatched another knob and tried shoving it open. It was locked.
Cursing, he stepped back and kicked it open, slamming the door down. He stepped in, and I turned to look through other rooms. Searching through the eerily empty rooms, I couldn’t find any trace of anyone. No fingerprints, no scratches - nothing out of order. Where could she possibly be? Could Zach have actually killed an innocent? Could he have killed Beast’s maid, who had clearly done her best to protect Beast through his hardships?
“Fulvia!”
I spun to the sound of his voice and rushed to it, through two other rooms. Glancing around somberly, I found Beast crouching over a body on the floor.
A sharp gasp escaped my lips. Oh God. The body was cold, the eyes on it were open and glazed, staring at the ceiling. A hand was clutched over her chest, fierce. Her face was expressionless. She was cold, stern...dead.
She was gone.
There was a dark hole at the base of her neck, fresh blood oozing out of it. I looked away, not able to bear it anymore.
“Fulvia!” Vince cried, reaching out to put his hand on her cheek. “Fulvia… not you. Not again.”
I watched helplessly, as Vince leaned over and bent his head down, against her chest, sobbing uncontrollably. He kept saying her name, tears dripping down his face, absolutely defenseless to the tragedy that just occurred.
“Fulvia,” he croaked. “Mamma.”
...Mamma?

_____________________
A/N: Another short chapter, but early update. I feel like lots of short chapters are better than one occasional long chapter, so I might just stick to this format. Anyway, for those of you who hadn't read the prologue, I'd highly recommend you go and read it, because it connects to this chapter a lot. I feel like I could have added more emotions to this, but it's in Zoe's P.O.V., so it just didn't seem right. Anyway, thanks for reading this! Hopefully, an update will come soon!
Don't forget to VOTE and COMMENT!