
I opened my mouth to ask a question, but before I could speak, Beast put his hand up to stop me. "Don't ask any questions. I'll tell you everything." He stopped again, as if he were catching his breath. "My mother was a lowly receptionist at Baville Penninsulas Hotels, the most popular hotel chain in Italy. At nineteen she was trying to save up enough money to actually get into school, and do something with her life.
"She was doing pretty well, actually. I saw her first paycheck, which she had saved and framed in our family room. She could've made it to college. She was earning just enough to be ready to apply to college, and eventually afford it. But then he came."
"Who?" I blurted, forgetting to not ask questions.
"Hugh Mascars. That bastard," Vince squeezed the fork in his hand in anger, all of his arm muscles flexing. "He seduced my mother. Never told her he was married. Never told her he had kids. He lied to my mother, seduced her, and took her to bed. My mother, being ecstatic and young and naïve let him. He would leave for months, and then come back, seduce her again, and take her to bed again. After doing this a couple times, it's almost inevitable that I wouldn't come to be."
My lips slowly popped open, understanding coming to me. Hugh Mascars, the state's most popular politician, had gotten another woman pregnant, outside of wedlock.
Beast continued. "The day he found out about the pregnancy, he disappeared. My mother gave birth to me in Italy, and searched for him everywhere. There was no way she would be able to afford school along with a baby, so she needed him to help her, and send over some childcare funds.
But God forbid he even acknowledge my existence. My mother found him and contacted him several times. After dozens and dozens of phone calls, he finally gave my mother and I two plane tickets to come to the United States and receive support from him. Little did my mother know, coming here had been the one of the biggest mistakes of her life.
"I was only a year old, so I don't remember much. From what I could tell, though, Hugh hadn't done anything. My mother and I ended up living in stingy apartment somewhere in the downtown alleys of this city, with barely any room for comfort. My mother continued waitressing, and eventually moved to full time waitressing. We both lived in that apartment for thirteen years.
"Throughout it all, though, my mother gave me the best care any mother could ever give. She loved me irrevocably, and did everything in her power to make me feel wanted and loved. I never, in my entire time being with her, ever felt any lack in affection or love from her, and learned to love her more than she loves me. She was my mother, and will always have a strong place in my heart."
I smiled, staring at Vince's happy face, glad that he was so close to his mother. Not everyone had the opportunity to feel the same way as him, so seeing someone feel strongly about their parents gave me pure bliss. "What was she like?"
Vince grinned, looking out in the distance. "She was sweet. Very clumsy. I would find her burning our food often, and commonly see her daydream in the middle of doing something important. She worked hard at whatever she did, and never gave up. Even though she had been through so much, I never saw her give up on anything. She would keep moving forward. Although she was a bad cook, her food was delicious. Whether it was burnt or normal, her food always tasted good. She was the best mother I could ever ask for.
"And now she's gone."
Rather than mad, his voice was sad. Rather than angry, his face was wounded. Rather than enraged, his expression was agonized.