
I watched Beast from the corner of my eye, as he gestured towards one of the seats at the dinner table.
"This table is made for at least twelve people." Glancing around, I tried to find somewhere else to eat. "Isn't there a table made for two people?"
Beast grinned and pushed in the chair. "Do you want to go eat in the kitchen?"
My eyebrows shot up. "That sounds good."
Ten minutes later, we both sat down on the kitchen counter, starving for food. We were both thinking the same thing, but not saying it. It hadn't completely registered in our brain yet that someone had died. Yes, we had seen it. Yes, we had experienced the grief that came with it. But we hadn't accepted it. Neither of us even wanted to accept it.
"So then...who's going to cook the food?" With Fulvia gone, one of us had to cook.
Vince froze for a minute, his eyes flicking back over to where Fulvia's body lay, before the police had come to take her. While I was gone, the police had taken Fulvia's body away as allegations of a murder done from an unknown, outside force.
Although I knew that I should tell the police that my brother was the cause between Fulvia's, and many other people's deaths, I didn't say a word. And for some odd reason, Beast didn't either.
Vince finally spoke. "I can cook Italian. My mom used to be a waitress at a small Olive Garden and showed me all the tricks."
I waved my hand around. "Cook away."
With that, he began whipping around the kitchen to cook. While he made the food, I leaned up against the counter beside him, and watched his cooking carefully. He was good.
"So, if your mom was a waitress, how did you get here? Did the Mascars adopt you or something?"
Everyone in town knew that the Mascars were the state's biggest political family. Hugh and Deborah Mascars. One husband, one wife, and three kids. No more, no less. They were rich, but they had a reputation to never show that off that wealth. They're children were perfect. One was attending Harvard Business School, and the other two had graduated from other prestigious colleges. They were the perfect family that everyone yearned to have, and everyone made sure to vote for.
So then where did Beast come into play?
"I am directly related to Hugh Mascars," Vince answered.
"And that means...?"
He gave me a side smile, his dark hair curling over his forehead. He was clearly not relaying enough information. "That's all you need to know."
I sighed. "You still don't trust me? I've seen so much, I know so much. Why can't you tell me?" I crossed my arms. "What if I'm able to do something to help you?"
"You already are."
"Huh?" My eyebrows scrunched together. "Why can't you give me a straight answer?"
After moments of contemplation, Vince silently poured the spaghetti into two little bowls and grabbed two forks, nodding towards the table.
We both sat down, and I eagerly waited for his story. With his beautiful lips pressed in a thin line, his sharp jawline completely clenched, and his hazel eyes continuously staring away, I knew we had come to a serious topic. Finally, he began.
"I wasn't adopted. I'm not a cousin, or a distant relative, or anything like that. I'm Hugh Mascars' son."