
Thud. Beast quietly dropped my last bag onto the carpet, conveniently making sure that it hadn't broken.
Sighing quietly, I had to keep asking myself. Why was I doing this?
I had to be the world's biggest idiot. There was no question about it. I left my own house, ran away from my brother - who happened to be a menace - and decided to run along to Beast's house. After Beast had attempted to stab me with a pocketknife.
It was ironic, really. I could've just walked over to Savannah's house instead. Heck that would have probably been the right thing to do. But there was something wrong with Beast that I couldn't quite put my finger on.
There was pain in Vince's tears. Undeniable agony, misery rimming his eyes. For a split second after he had turned away from Fulvia and looked at me, he was broken down, torn apart, and shredded to pieces. There was something vulnerable about him, something that told me that he could break down at any second. That he could give in.
In that split second all I wanted to do was protect him. Vince was only as strong as his weakest link; Fulvia. Dead Fulvia. Everything inside me told me, consistently told me, that Vince needed someone now, more than ever. He needed someone to lean on, someone to fill in the void spot that Fulvia once took.
And everything inside me told me that I was that 'someone'.
Beast was someone completely incomprehensible.
"So," he started, snapping me out of my thoughts. "What do you think?"
Smiling cautiously, I looked around. The room reeked of money. Everything seemed expensive - to say the least. Big, glass bed, large windows, a beautiful balcony, and more. "Classy."
A smirk looped at his lips, his dark eyes staring at me intensely. "You like it?"
I nodded, shining my eyes around. "I love it."
"Good," Beast coiled his arms around my waist and pulled me towards him, leaning down for a kiss.
The second our lips touched, passion exploded through both of us. Only this time, the kiss was soft, tender. His lips pressed down on mine, ever so gently, as if I were a delicate object he couldn't bear to break. I let my hands automatically ride up his back, and fist into his hair. His kisses slowly progressed down my lips, and onto my shoulders, digging into my neck. A moan escaped my lips, and I pushed myself more towards him, wanting more.
"Has anyone ever given you a love bite?" he asked, between kisses.
"Never," I breathed, completely taken away. Oh God, how did this happen?
"Good."
Ten minutes later, Beast and I both lay down on floor, and stared up at the ceiling. We were both fully clothed like before, only now, I held a hickey on my lower neck.
"How do you feel?" Beast glanced over, a small grin on his face.
"I feel great," I whispered, staring back. "I've never done this before."
He chuckled, his hand pressed up against mine. "Me neither. But wow, it was amazing."
"Yeah."
We were both quiet for a few more moments, comfortably gazing above. Everything was peaceful and quiet and serene. Everything was wonderful for those few moments, and I felt as though my life was complete.