
C H A P T E R     E L E V E N
"We all have secrets: the ones we keep... and the ones that are kept from us." -The Amazing Spider-Man


“Why the hell are you wearing a dress? Go put on something snazzy!”
“Jared, you’re the one who looks like a ninja!”
“No, I’m the one who looks the cool guy dressed in all black. You, on the other hand-”
“Say another word and you’ll be dead.”
“You look beautiful, Savannah! You should ignore me, I’m being an idiot.”
“You’re always being an idiot, Jared.”
“Thanks. I appreciate it.”
“It’s my pleasure.”
I walked out of the bathroom, interrupting Jared and Savannah’s squabble. “All right, so we drive to his house, we go to his door, we knock on his door, and we then ask him if he’s okay and if he needs help, and then ask him to forget about Zach. Right? Does that sound okay with you guys?”
“Anything sounds okay to an idiot,” Jared replied cheerily.
Savannah smacked the back of his head. “It sounds fine, Zoe. We should seriously get going, though. My mom’s going to kill me if I’m not home by dinner on a school night.”
“Right,” I nodded my head. “Right, okay, let’s go.”
“Forward, march!”
“Shut up, Jared.”

I stared at the house in front of us in awe.
The “house” was more like a mansion, with seven garages, sleek glass windows on all sides of the house, a bright blue pool, and an enormous modern garden. The entire house was lit up, and dripping of wealth and pride.
There was definitely a valid reason Beast was arrogant.
“Y-you know what?” Jared stuttered as I stepped out of the car. “I think I’m going to stay with my car. You know, just to make sure it’s safe and everything from the bad guys.”
“I’ll stay with you,” Savannah interjected, her eyes on the water. “We’ll park by the pool, Zoe, just in case you drown or something.”
“Wait! Guys, don-” Before I could finish my sentence, the two of them sped away, toward the edge of the bright marine. “Shoot.” Huffing out a puff of air, I gave their cheery faces a glare. If they wanted to play it like morons, they could. I had come here to take care of my brother, not admire a pool.
I really needed to calm the mean in myself down.
Stomping my way over to the front door of the house, I jabbed the doorbell multiple times, trying to let out all my frustration onto the button. Before I could even think about how my frustration was being released, the door swung open.
A small woman looked up at me with belligerent eyes. She wore a maid’s dress and a name tag, which read “Fulvia”.  Gray hair matted across her face, matched with thin wrinkles on the edge of her eyes. Her lips curved in distaste as she looked me up and down, her chin pointed up.