
“What?”
That word went down like the slash of a whip, hard and sudden. I turned immediately, once I realized it wasn’t Zander who had spoken in complete surprise.
It was Zach.
He was glowering at me, with dark, flat eyes. He pushed himself through the door, the anger ruminating through his face.
“Didn’t I tell you to stay away from him?” he demanded from me, maliciously. “Didn’t I tell you not to talk to him, not to even stay in contact with him?”
I blinked, biting my lip. How was I supposed to reply to that?
“Whoa there, Zach,” Zander stood up quickly and put his hand on Zach’s chest, his eyes wandering to me, pleadingly. “Calm it there.”
Zach just shoved Zander off of him, and moved closer to me, a scowl scorched on his face.
“Stay away from him,” he warned me steely. “As your older brother, I have a right to tell you to stay away from him. I don’t want to have to put a restraining order on you.”
What the actual hell?
“You can’t tell me what to do, Zach.” I glared at my brother, just as evenly as he glared at me.
“Why not?” he challenged. “It’s just a simple rule – stay away from Beast.”
I heard a couple “oooh”’s from the students around us, but ignored them.
“Do I have to remind you that you’re only my brother? You don’t own me, you don’t rule over me. You seem to have the wrong impression of authority.”
He glared at me, and backed away. I knew I had punched a hole in his ego, by embarrassing him in front of everyone. We had officially made a scene, causing ruckus and noise from everyone around us.
“Just stay away,” he quietly, but firmly, warned me. “It’s for your own good.”
I leveled my gaze to him, and smiled wickedly. “Of course, Zach. Everything’s always for my good.”
My older brother shot me a dark look, but then stepped away and stepped out of the room, sending a menacing glare at our audience. As soon as he got away, someone else came in and leaned against the doorway, sending me a sexy wink and amused smirk. It was obvious he had heard the entire conversation from outside.

Oh Beast, what was I going to do with you?

__________
A/N Hi again! Sorry, this chapter didn't have a lot of Beast...but I kind of had to show you what Zoe's family was like. How Zach was like.
He'll be playing a big part later on... ;)
The picture to the right is Zander's! He's played by Jesse McCartney :D
Comment below! Vote, and maybe even fan!
Also, let me know if you see any mistakes! :)