
My fingers raked Zach’s room, raiding everything they could find. Bookshelves, the closet, what was underneath the bed, the desk; everything. I had clawed through the living room, the kitchen, and the bathroom already. There was nothing.
He was a murderer, there had to be something. I tore through his bedsheets, and scrambled through his drawers.
Pencils, notebooks, movies...there had to be -
“What do you think you’re doing?”
Whirling around, I snapped the drawer shut, and came face to face with the one and only devil.
Zachary Hardvick.
He looked pissed off, to say the least. His eyes were darker than usual, his hair swept out of his face. He wore a strict mask, almost expressionless. His lips were pressed in a thin line, almost taunting.
Oh god.
“Zach, I wasn’t-”
“You saw it didn’t you?” He spoke quietly, as if he had committed a sin, and finally realized he had.  “You saw it.”
“I-” was at a loss of words. The second he said that, his face became heavier, more mature, and more...open. It was like he was asking me about whether or not I knew his secret, whether or not I knew that he was a….murderer. Trembling, I carefully stepped forward, towards my brother. “Yes, Zach. I did. I did see it.”
His eyes met mine, vulnerable.“It’s not what you think it is.”
“It’s not?”
“It’s not.”
That was the last straw.
“Then what is it, Zach?” I threw my hands up, frustrated. “What made you so fucking compelled to become a fucking murderer? What gave you the right to take someone’s life? Why the hell did you shoot someone?”
Zach’s eyes flashed to my face, completely shocked. “What-what are you talking about? Taking someone’s life? Murdere-”
“Oh please,” I scrawled, rolling my eyes. Why wouldn’t he just admit it? “Don’t act innocent, Zach. Don’t act like you have no idea what I’m talking about, because I saw what happened with my own eyes, and I’m-”
Just as he cut me off, Zach grabbed my shoulders and shook me, his eyes wide. “What the hell did you see Zoe? What exactly did you see - who did what? Tell me everything, please.”
My face curled in repulsion. “Damn you, Zach. Damn you. You know very well what I’m talking about, yet you still deny it? Goddamn you.” I leaned in, close to my foul brother, eye to eye with him. “You shot someone. Without a second thought, you shot someone - and over what, money? You took a fucking gun and you shot a bullet straight through his chest, piercing his heart and killing him off. Does it even occur to you that you’re a criminal? That you’ve become  a murderer?”
“It’s not what you think it is,” Zach immediately protested, putting his hands up. “It’s really not. Hear me out, okay, Zoe? Just h-”
A hollow laugh escaped my lips as I pushed him off of me, tripping him onto the bed. “Hear you out?” My eyes were bleak as I glared at him, the very sight of his existence disgusting me. “What excuse could you possibly have to kill someone?”
Zach didn’t say anything. Couldn’t say anything. He just hung his head, looking down.
“Wow,” I whispered, “You really don’t have an excuse. It was simply enjoyment for you, wasn’t it?”
Before he could say another word, I whisked out of his room, shutting the door behind myself. The second I stepped outside, my thoughts clouded and my head felt dizzy.