
Furrowing my eyebrows, I dared to ask, “How do you know these alleys so well?”
He hesitated, for a moment. “I grew up here.”
My head whipping over to him, my jaw dropping audibly. What?
“Don’t act so surprised,” Vince continued. “I’ve never really been a rich snob.”
“Right,” I snorted. “You show off all your wealth in your car, your phone, even your name. You  can’t possibly not be a snob.”
“My name used to be different,” he whispered, as if touching on an old memory. His eyes glazed into the distance, his expression delicate. “Vincenzo Aquila. I went by Vince. But then things changed. I had to change my name, my house - everything. I went from hardly scraping by enough food to survive on, to being able to waste meals without a second thought.”
Vincenzo Aquila. It struck me, how much this guy had been through. Although it seemed to benefit him, he had changed his lifestyle a lot. He was poor - now he was dripping with money.
“Did you win a lottery or something?”
Vince broke out of his trance and grinned, looking down at me. “Far from it. All right, let’s hurry up. We just have to go around the corner.”
Sighing, we both made our way around the corner, tired.
“I don’t get why you have to - mmff!”
His hand clamped over my lips, shutting me up immediately.
“Shhh,” he warned. “They might hear you.”
I turned to glance over to where he was pointing, stiff. Two guys hovered over a crippled man on the floor, sneering down at him. Several thugs surrounded them in a circle, watching their every move.
“When you don’t give us the money we kindly let you borrow,” a voice boomed, from the right. “We get mad. And when we get mad, you pay.”
I froze. No. It couldn’t be him, it couldn’t. My breathing sped up as a tall figure stepped out of the shadows, and into the light.
Zach stood there, an arrogant sneer across his lips. He snapped something in his hand, and then raised it, aiming straight for the crippled man’s forehead.
A gun.
“Goodbye, Martinez. It was nice doing business with you.”
With that, he pulled the trigger and murdered a man in cold blood.