
I took a deep breath. My thoughts were becoming extremely overwhelming. “Vince-”
“Oh my fucking God, don’t call me that!”
I flinched, his words slapping me across the face repeatedly.
But I didn’t stop. I wasn’t done.
“Why?” I challenged, raising my voice. “Why the hell can’t I call you ‘Vince’? What is so wrong with your name that I can’t call you that?”
Vince whirled toward me, his eyes rippling and venomous. But rather than yelling, he spoke calmly, smoothly, silkily, like a snake. His handsome face gazed straight at me, almost expressionless. “Nothing. There is absolutely nothing wrong with my name. If anything, I think my mother gave me a great name.” He leaned forward, toward me. “You want to know what she named me, Zoe? She named me Vincenzo. It’s the Italian form of Vincent. But instead of using Vincent, she called me Vince. Vince.”
My eyebrows furrowed. “But, what does that have to do with-”
“Someone took that away from me.” His voice was shaky now, distressed. He slumped down, his face buried into his hands. “Someone took all of that away from me in a second. In one movement, they took away everything. My mother’s cooking, my mother’s care, my mother’s affection; everything. They took her away, in one shot.”
He looked up at me, his eyes filled with fraught tears. But rather than expressing pain, he conveyed anger, rage, wrath. He stared at me for a moment, his fury directed straight at me.
“Now I want justice,” Beast spoke, not moving. “And I want revenge. Bloody revenge.”

A/N: Sorry for the delay! I've been super busy. Forgive me?
Also - listen to the song on the right! It's in a different language, but it's absolutely beautiful, and I feel like whatever's going on inside Beast's head is related strongly to the song. The translations aren't perfect (lol, I would know; I speak that language at home), but they're portraying the meaning behind the words magnificently (BTW is anyone planning on watching Malificent?). JUST CHECK OUT THE SONG TO THE SIDE.
Also, has anyone watched "Angel Eyes"? It's an absolutely amazing Korean drama. Seriously, it's amazing.
Bye! Don't forget to COMMENT and VOTE!