
“How?” I stared at his body in horror. I wanted to help him, I needed to help him. “Who did this to you?”
He started shaking his head. "That doesn't matter.”
“Zach did it, right? He hit you and tore you apart, right?” I pushed my words farther into him, forcing him to think and respond.
He ran a hand through his disheveled hair, shaking his head more violently now. It was obvious he was shaken up. “Not him. His minions. Eleven of them against two of us. It was a clear cheat.”
I bit my lip. My eyes were scrunched up in worry. I moved toward him, reaching out for him, and grasped his muscular shoulder gently.
He looked away, doing his best to keep his eyes out of mine. His face was a mask of indifference, but his eyes were like a river of anger. I knew he was faking it. He was faking his strength. His ego was truly hurt.
“Vince, look at me.”
He didn’t move, just shook his head more. Surprising both of us, I grabbed his chin, forcing his head to turn straight toward me, and his eyes to look straight into mine.
“Vince, what happened?” I asked him, my forehead creased. “Who did this to you?”
He shook his head harder, and moved away. I assembled down beside him, now seriously concerned. He licked his pink, flawless lips, and then slowly turned toward me, resentment and pain in his eyes. Suddenly, he put his hands on both sides of my face, and leveled his intense gaze into mine.
“Listen to me carefully, Zoe,” he spoke, in urgency. His minty breath blew across my face, dazing me momentarily, but gave me a sense of him. It gave me a sense of his impulse. His voice was deep and exigent, and wanted me to pay attention to what he had to say. His chestnut brown eyes looked directly into mine, holding my concentration, as he continued. “Your brother, Zach Hardvick, is a very dangerous person. He has a different life after the night begins. He has a different personality, he does different things, and those ‘things’ are not pretty things. He’s done shit that he’s not proud of, but has to live upon that and increase his reputation to become his being. I know that may not make any sense right now, but you need to understand, Zoe, that Zach is not a nice person. I know that he loves you and the rest of your family, he truly does, but he’s not safe.”
My breath broke off momentarily, as I processed his words. To be honest, everything he said seemed downright possible. But I wanted to know more. I wanted to know everything.
“What are you saying, Vince?” I probed, my breathing becoming unfathomable. My hands reached out and clutched his on my face, and I stared deeper into his eyes, worried. “What do you mean?”
His penetrating eyes saddened, and made me grip onto his long fingers even harder than before. The hazel in his eyes seemed abysmal, with secrets crept all around them. “I can’t tell you anything else. I wish I could, but I can’t. If you found out, then your life, your memories, your family would be ruined.”
“Vince-”
He shook his head, stopping me. “Don’t ask me for more, Zoe. I can’t tell you anything else. Just…” he paused, struggling for words. “Just promise me that you won’t go anywhere with Zach after it gets dark outside, unless there are other people with you. Just promise me that, Zoe.”