
C H A P T E R      F O U R

"Vince?" I looked around the hallway, but once again, was almost tumbled over by the momentum of the students around me. Someone shoved me and I fell, splat on the ground, face down, my books scattered everywhere. People started tripping and cussing at me, just as I forced myself to get up, scowling.
Idiots. Do they not know about how you walk around a person?
After a few bruises and kicks, I pushed myself upright and thrashed around to pick up my educational utensils, just as the late bell rang. Quickly, I gathered up my belongings and secured them under my arm. I had to get to class within the first thirty seconds of it, or else I would have to be marked tardy.
Grumbling a few colorful phrases under my breath, I glanced around for my phone. Instead, I found a beautiful sculpture in front of me, standing with pride and looking down at me with sympathy.
No, I scratch that. I found Vince leaning against a locker, yet again, tossing my phone in his hands, and whistling a tune loudly. Even through all the glorious whistling, though, all I could of was one thing.
He had taken my phone.
That phone was a cheap, twenty dollar phone from 2003, but it meant the world to me. It was one of my only means of communication toward my mom and dad, and it was the thing that kept me socialized.
Except for Facebook, of course.
"Hey, Vince?" I hesitated, looking over at him nervously. "Can you give me that?"
There was a moment of silence, somewhat stunned. I looked at his surprised expression, wondering why he looked that way. Then he spoke, his voice low and dangerous. “Did you just call me Vince?”
I knitted my eyebrows. “Yeah, why?”
He shook his head at me, contemplating. “Don’t call me that.”
“What? Why?”
“Vince. Don’t call me Vince.”
Poked a button, did I?
“Okay Vince,” I emphasized his name, just to annoy him. “Would you please give me my phone back?”
He causally glanced over at me, trying to seem indifferent, and then shook his head as if I was stupid. "Of course not. Why would I do that?"
He was toying with me. He had to be toying with me.
I licked my lips, anxious to get out of the hallway. Cool, Zoe. Stay cool. "Because that's mine."
"So?"
"So I need it back."
"And?"
"And I need you to give it back."
"Because?"
I threw my hands up in frustration. "Just give it back, please! I need my phone, I'm already two minutes late to class, and I really am going through some problems because of you, and I really, really need my phone!"