
“R101?” I thought aloud.
They both continued to stare at me, awed by my obvious stupidity.
“She ain’t got no clue, dawg.”
“Nada, amigo.”
While they were distracted, I analyzed my surroundings. I was in the corner of my vintage room, sitting on a chair. I wasn’t tied to it – thankfully. There was an emergency exit window right across from me. If I had enough time, I could escape through that exit and hide, or make a run for it; whatever worked.
“Can I have some water?” I asked, nodding my head toward my door. “I’m really thirsty.”
“Ket!” The African American called. “Fetch water!”
“And some…” I paused to think. “Coke?”
They blinked.
“Coke?”
“You want coke, chica?”
“Shit, I want me some coke.”
“Think Z be chill with giving her coke?”
“Well if she asked for it, we should be a’ight.”
“Hell, yeah. Let’s get her some coke.”
Expectantly, they both stepped out of the room to get coke.
They were addicts. That was obvious.
I took advantage of my time and slipped out the emergency exit, and climbed to the side. If I moved to the other side of the building, and then ran down, they wouldn’t be able to catch me. I knew that for a fact.
And you know where I went?
To Beast’s house.
***
“Knock before you enter.” Fulvia told me, her strict eyes glaring at me. Reluctantly, she walked away.
Ignoring her warning, I jammed the door open and stormed straight into his room, not bothering with any warnings. Bright light blinded my eyes, flooding from the balcony. A hiss escaped my lips as a covered my eyes and turned away.
“What the hell are you doing here?”
I jumped, startled. I still couldn’t see a thing. “I-I wanted to see you.”
I could hear the balcony doors shut, and the light disappear. Opening my eyes carefully, I stepped back and glanced around. It was the same room that I was in last time; a large T.V., a comfortable sofa, a large bed on the side, and vast space in the center.
Beast was walking toward me, coming from the balcony doors, his strong jaw tight. I could barely make out some of his stunning features, but could see the purple bruises on his long cheekbones, dark and ashen. Although his physique was still strong and lean, he looked weak, broken like before. His vibrant eyes glared at me, piercing right through my face.
“Oh my God,” I whispered, awestruck, staring at his injuries. “You look terrible.”