
He leaned away just as I opened my eyes, reality returning to his face. He didn’t look cold anymore. He merely seemed distant.
“Why?” he asked me, a curious expression crossing his face. “Why would your blood only hurt me, and the people around me? Why would your blood only want me to feel pain, to feel alone in this big world?” He averted his scrutiny to the wall behind me, one of his hands trailing down my arms. “Have you ever thought about it, Zoe? How can someone feel so alone in a world filled with so many people? How can someone feel like forgetting such a beautiful world? How can someone feel like just...giving up?
“I think that’s what I felt like before I met Fulvia. I think it’s what I felt like before I realized that my life was too precious to give up on. She was the one who taught me that I needed to protect what I have, not let it go. She was the one that told me to protect whoever I could, and keep them away from the darkness that filled this world.” Beast’s gaze snapped to mine, suddenly full of passion. “You’re mine, aren’t you, Zoe?”
I nodded wordlessly, my mind scattered everywhere. I couldn’t think. I couldn’t connect what he was saying, how he was saying it.

“If you’re mine,” he whispered, glancing back at Fulvia's dead corpse. “Then I have to protect you.” He turned back at me, for a moment. “Zoe, how would you feel about moving in with me?”


AN: I feel like this chapter is super rushed too! This was not well written ughh. It was really awkward, and ugh, I don't even know what to do. I'll probably edit this after the story's over. Sorry. I had the #selfie song (which is kind of annoying for me - no hate, though) stuck in my head the entire time I was writing this, so I'm going to put the blame for this crappy chapter on that.
Anyway, I bet a bunch of you are like "Wtf, why is Beast's personality so different all of a sudden?" and I just want to let you know that it's meant to be like that, and that it will all come together soon.  A lot of things will make sense very soon.
I also wanted to say thank you for all the support I got on the last chapter. When I saw the number of votes I got in a day I was literally jumping out of my seat. WOW. I think I got like twenty something votes in less than twenty-four hours, which is seriously amazing for me. Thank you all SO MUCH. I'm so glad you all liked the last chapter.
The next update will probably be by next Sunday! Thanks for reading! Don't forget to VOTE and COMMENT! Thanks again!