
C H A P T E R   T H R E E

'Make me fall in love with you', 'One year', 'Little secret'.
All these words flooded my head with tension as I realized what I had gotten into. Why me? Why did Vince Mascars pick me? I've got nothing special about myself, especially compared to other girls. Then why me?
I stood there, rooted at my spot, thinking of what just happened, until Jared came along.
"Zoe?" He stared at me, with a weird expression on his face, which made me feel like a science project.
"Zo-e?" He waved his hand around my face, his voice cutting deep into my thoughts. Sometimes, having an idiot of a best friend was very aggravating.
"Alright, c'mon lost puppy, let's get you to the cafeteria." He put his arm around my shoulders and steered me towards the stairs. People were swarming the halls now, it was no longer empty. As soon as we got to the cafeteria, he plumped me down next to Savannah, and began eating a slice of pizza.
I stared at Jared, watching him eat half a slice of pizza in one bite. It was disgusting, how he could easily fit all that food into his mouth. Instantly, I forgot all of my problems.
“What?” he asked me, his mouth full. “Do I have something on my face?”
I pursed my lips, and tried to think of a nice way to tell him that his face looked like a tomato splatter. Savannah beat me to it, though.
“Just a bunch of sauce,” she piped up, munching on her granola bar. “You look kind of gross, actually.”
Jared immediately jerked up, and protested, “That’s not possible!” He waved a hand over his face. “How can this face ever be gross?”
I rolled my eyes. “I’ve seen better.”
He glared at me. With red sauce and a few bread crumbs on his face, he looked like an eight year old boy; the kind that you couldn’t help but fawn over. His glare just made him look more childish than angry.
“Shut up,” he snapped, and went back to eating his pizza. “Hard dick.”
I gaped at him, my mouth hanging open.
“Oh, you did not just go there,” I said, offended. He was making fun of my last name, Hardvick, which sounded a lot like ‘hard dick’.
“Oh, I just did,” he grinned evilly. “Hard dick.”
I glowered at the little nickname he had given the first time he had met me. "I have bigger things to worry about than your chicken, or my imaginary chicken, Jared."
Savannah turned to me, still nibbling. “Like what? It can’t be worse than sleeping with-”
“Don’t finish that sentence!” Jared exclaimed, his face twisting into a disgusted expression. “I’ll lose my appetite.”
I took a bite out of my sandwich, ignoring Jared. “You wouldn’t believe me if I told you about what happened.”
Jared turned to me, amused. "Something to do with Beast?"