
C H A P T E R      F I V E

I sulked my way back to class, purposefully avoiding everyone. Being pretty pissed off, I just stumbled into the classroom and grabbed a seat, not caring about what everyone else thought of me.
They can just fudge off for now.
The teacher looked surprised, but didn’t say anything to me, and continued with his work. I felt a poke on my shoulder, but ignored it, and scribbled down angry pictures, trying to get his thoughts out of my mind.
Fire? I felt flames erupting inside me?
It was true; I did. I couldn’t deny the fact that my body was attracted to Beast’s, as was any other girl’s. But I never felt the heated desire flow through me before, like it had before, when I was near him.
Desire? Had I felt desire?
Another poke hit my shoulder.
Ignore it, Zoe, ignore it.
Another poke.
Ignore, Zoe!
Another, excoriating poke hit my shoulder.
Zoe, come on, just ign-
A poke slammed my shoulder hard, almost causing me to fall out of my seat. I whirled at the person poking me, and glared at them with angry eyes.
This time, though, it was my younger brother Zander. He grinned at me cheekily, enjoying my reaction.
“What are you doing here?” I demanded, looking at the board. “This is a junior class! You’re a freshman!”
He gave me a blunt look, letting his blonde hair fall into his eyes.
“This is study hall, Zoe,” he said. “All high school students are allowed in this class.”
“But then why are you in this classroom?”
He brightened up again. “Remember, on the weekend, when we were going over each other’s schedules?”
“Yeah…” I said, thinking about what he was about to say.
“Well, I remembered you were in this class, and I was like, hey, why don’t I sit and be with my favorite sister for study hall?”
I blinked at him, and felt my face soften, my thoughts about Vince disappear. “You decided to come here because of me?”
He smiled at me. “Yeah.”
“Aww, that’s so sweet!” I gushed, looking at him tenderly. “You are the sweetest brother in the world! Zander, I can’t believe you would do that for me!”
Grabbing both of his cheeks, I pinched them, my mouth curved in a smile. Whenever my brother was awesome, I would always pinch his cheeks and giggle – just to see if he was being serious.
His face fell. “And there it goes.”
I pulled my hands back, and stared at him in confusion. “There goes what?”