
My mind raced, millions of thoughts streaming through my head. Oh God, oh God, oh God. My brother was adopted? My brother was adopted.
The worst of it came with his last name. Mascars. This couldn't be – there was no way that Zach could be Hugh Mascars' son. There was no way that Zach could be Vince's brother.
Could there?
I didn't even know everything about Vince. I knew that he was only Hugh Mascars' son, not his wife's. I knew he was born out of wedlock, and that he was abandoned.
But what about Zach? What happened to him? Why was he a part of my family?
On impulse, I stormed through the other documents in the folder, until finally, Zach's birth certificate came out. Skimming the paper, I looked for the father's name and the mother's name.
Zachary Mascars is the biological Son of Hugh Mascars and Lisa Strum.
Hugh Mascars. This couldn't be happening, it absolutely couldn't. What happened to Zach? Why in the world was he Hugh Mascars' son? Who was Lisa Strum?
Another thought hit me. Was I adopted? Was I also Hugh Mascars' daughter? Was Zach my biological brother? Were we both just adopted into the same family?
False relief hit me. As long as he was still my brother, everything would be okay. I didn't care who our father was. I didn't care if I was abandoned and I was a huge politician's son. I just wanted to be Zach's sister. I just wanted my only family to remain my only family.
In my entire life, I had only seen my parents five times. My father had passed away when I was ten, and I never saw my mother again. Zach was twelve at the time. She called occasionally, and sent us money. There was no parental guidance, from anyone. Zach practically raised me from that point forward, and became the only person I allowed myself to fully trust.
What had happened to both of us?
The doorknob shook, waking me out of my thoughts.
"Oh shit," I muttered, running to my room. I could probably climb out of my fire escape in time.
But Zach beat me to it.
"Zoe!" he yelled, reaching forward to grab me. "Zoe, Jesus Christ, where have you been?"
I gasped, trying to get out of his clutch. "Let me go."
"Zoe, no, God," He was stronger than I was. Pulling me in, he shut the door and sat me down on the couch. "Calm down and sit."
Unwillingly positioned on the couch, I glared at Zach. I couldn't help it. I was irritated, frustrated, shocked, confused – everything. I had no answers, no explanations, and didn't know what to expect. So I glared at him, hoping he would finally give me something to understand.
"What?" he asked, looking around cautiously. He touched his jaw carefully then, and gazed at me with steady eyes. "This? You gave me this bruise this morning, Zoe. I think it's time we both sat down and had a calm conversation, and figured things out. I don't know what's going on in your head, but clearly you know things, and we need to talk about them."
I didn't say a word.
"So I shot a gun." Zach's voice was crystal clear, and very aware. "I did that to survive. If I don't show them who's boss, I'm the one who gets shot at. And I can't afford to die, for either of us."