
Chapter 15
I lay down in my bed, staring up at the ceiling. The blank white of the wall helped me clear my thoughts and focus on one thing:
Beast kissed me.
It was surprising, actually, how sudden that kiss was. What was even more surprising was the passion that exploded between us. It had been two days, yet I could still remember the way we were pushed together, the way we molded together, and the way we were both hungry for more - it was mind blowingly incredible to think about.
I wanted to feel the desire pour through me again, the fire churn through us, the need for him to ignite within me. I wanted it all. But of course, I couldn’t get it. I could never get what I wanted, especially if my brother told me not to go after it.
What was his problem, anyway? Every time I talked to him now, all he would go on about was how I was making the biggest mistake of my life.
I ignored him. He was gone again, like every other night, probably to some girl. It was getting to be ridiculous. I didn’t even bother asking him anymore - there was no use. If anything, I would get yelled at and told to mind my own business.
It was clear to Zane and Zander that Zach was out of control now. Both of my brothers had understood that they should stay away from him, and that Zach was far from the brother we all had thought of him as. Whenever Zach would be in the house, all three of us would slip into our rooms and avoid him at all costs.
Sighing out loud, I slumped farther into my pillows, and stared at the wall in front of me.
Ugh. Life had gotten complicated, for the worse.
Rap, rap, rap.
I zapped up to the sound, whirling to the window. Taking a sharp breath, I jumped away toward my door. The rapping continued, however, sounding more urgent by the second.
“Open the door!” The voice was gruff and muffled - and extremely familiar. “Open the door, Zoe!”
I shuffled to the window, unlocked it, and pulled it open. A gorgeous face gazed back at me, his eyes wide. I stared into his hazel eyes, mesmerized. Again.
Finally, Vince heaved out a breath of air and leaped into my room from the fire escape, his lean muscles flexing in the dark. “Goddamn. I thought I was going to die out there.”
Blinking out of a trance, I shut the window carefully, confused. I stared at Vince’s face for a moment, not quite understanding what was going on.
Then it hit me.
“What are you doing here?”
“Oh, God, don’t scream again.” Wincing, Vince held out his hand. “Come on. I have to show you something.”
I watched his hand, carefully. After a moment of hesitation, I took it and let him lead me to my fire escape. “Where do you have to show me?”
He just turned and gazed, his face hard. “Something important.”
***
“Gesù Cristo,” Beast muttered, kicking a dirty scrap of metal to the side. “This place used to be cleaner.”
Clinging to his leather jacket, I felt fear overpower me. Everywhere I looked, all I could see were dark alleyways, trash, and old buildings covered with graffiti. Every once in a while we’d see silhouettes of people, sometimes with guns or pouches.
I could hear Beast chuckle. “Don’t be scared, Zoe. I’m right here.”