
“If you hurt them,” I warned, steely. “I will never talk to you again.”
“And if you don’t listen to me,” he retorted. “I’ll make sure you never talk to them again.”
My eyes flashed and I pushed myself off the lockers, grimacing back at him. “Are you threatening me?”
“Yes. I am. And I mean every word I say.”
I leaned back against the lockers, my head throbbing. My brother glared at me sourly, opening his mouth to speak. Then he shut it again, noticing the change in my mood.
“What happened to you, Zach?” I asked, squinting. “You’ve been absolutely horrid to all of us for the past week. I’ve never seen you like this before.”
His eyes softened, and he released his grip on the top of the locker beside me. “Nothing happened to me. I’m just watching out for you, that’s all.”
I was shaking my head before he could finish. “You’re not, Zach, you’re not. If you were watching out for me, then you wouldn’t be a jerk to Zander or Zane. You almost made Zane cry two days ago, Zach. Something’s gotten into you, someth-”
“Nothing has gotten into me!” He threw his hands up in frustration. “Why can’t you be more understanding, Zoe? I’ve made some stupid mistakes that involve Beast, and I’m trying to fix them while keeping you out of it. That’s why I keep on telling you to stay the hell away from him, because, trust me when I say this, he’s nothing but trouble. He’s playing around with you, and he’ll end up throwing you away, just like he has to everyone else. I don-”
“Whoever said I was interested in him?” I fumed, shoving my hand against his chest. “Listen to me, Zach. I have no interest, whatsoever, with him. I want him to leave me alone too!”
Zach blinked, his lips parting in shock. “But you hooked up with him. You’re not the type of girl who takes sex lightly.”
My breath came out harshly and I envisioned myself slapping my brother. “I did not have sex with him! Do you hear me? I never did, never will. Nothing happened that night at the party, nothing.  Absolutely nothing.”
Except for maybe me kissing Beast’s best friend and him getting pissed off at me for doing that.
I watched Zach back away from me, clearly shocked by what I had told him. He looked down at me, his dark hair riffling into his eyes. I could see severe similarities to my father falling across his face, and brotherly affection strike through his eyes as well.
“I’m sorry,” he finally apologized, a sincere frown on his lips. “I guess I just let rumors get carried away. I didn’t mean to hurt anyone, I swear.”
I had a feeling he wasn’t just talking about our family when he said that.
“It’s okay,” I smiled cautiously at him, “I don’t blame you.”
“But listen,” he placed a hand on my shoulder, carefully. “If you ever get into any trouble, don’t hesitate to tell me. I am your brother, don’t you forget that.”
I laughed and punched his arm playfully, before reviving our conversation. “So can I have my friends back?”