
He just watched me calmly, and mused. “So you’re a submissive person.”
“What? What’s that supposed to mean?” I demanded, narrowing my eyes.
Beast chuckled at me, sending me a bright smirk. "Do you really think I'm going to give you this cheap flip phone back?" He shook my phone in his big, clear hands. “It looks like it probably costs as much as a pack of gum.”
I glared, now intimidated. "It’s not a bad phone. It does what I need it to do, and it doesn’t give me any problems.”
He pulled out his a sleek black device with a wide screen. Grinning, he held it up for me to see. “Samuel Universe v7. It works smoothly, sharply, and incredibly quickly. It cost me twenty thousand dollars, and that’s not just because it hasn’t been released in the market yet.”
Show off.
“Well, Vince,” I spoke sweetly, fluttering my eyelashes dramatically. “Does your phone make calls?”
“Obviously,” he scoffed.
“And can you text with it?”
“Yeah.”
“Then what’s the point?”
The overt smirk blew off his face. He looked straight at me, his piercing hazel eyes inanimately shocked. His eyes looked troubled as he gazed at me, his mind distracted.
“I never thought of it that way…” he mused, quietly. “You’re right, what is the point?”
An uncomfortable silence passed through us.
I cleared my throat. “Anyway, phone?”
Snapping back to reality, he gave me a quick, irresistible grin. “You still think I’m going to give this back to you?”
“Well, I was hoping you would give it back."
“Why would you hope? You should know better, Zoe, you’ve been dealing with your brother your whole life.”
I gaped at him. “What are you talking about?”
Beast backed away, his eyes uneasy. “Wait, he hasn’t told you yet?”
“Who hasn’t told me what?”
He stared, amused. “Your brother.”
“Which one, Zach?” I asked, referring to how he spoke about what my brother ‘hadn’t told’ me.
“That’s the one.”
“What about him?” I shook my head, confused. “What’s he got to do with this?”
He smiled, evilly. “Everything, Zoe, everything.”
I felt butterflies flip in my stomach, the moment he said my name. Damn, Vince, why did he have to have that effect on me?
I decided to imitate him. “Can you call me Girl? Don’t call me Zoe, just Girl.”
“Girl?” he asked. “What kind of nickname is Girl?”