
The question came to be though, how can I help him?
Obviously I can do something; I am, after all, Beast's mother's murderer's sister. But the question was - what, and how?
"I know what you're thinking," Beast set his fork down, eying it carefully. "But there is a way you can help me." His sharp hazel eyes shot up to meet mine. "You can spy on him."
My jaw almost dropped. "You've got to be kidding me. Spy?"
"I know it sounds childish, but it's not. It's really not. You stay here, with me for a couple days. Zach's going to come and try to bring you back a couple times. You demand for him to leave you alone."
"So I just tell him that I want to stay here every time he comes?"
"Exactly. Eventually, he'll make you believe he stopped coming, even though his plan would then be to bring you back forcefully. In that time, before he forcefully brings you back but after he stops coming, you go to him. You go to him and you tell him I told you something terrible, and that you can never see Zach again. That you will never be able to see Zach the same way, especially with his gang membership and his murderous lifestyle."
Beast spoke briskly, keeping eye contact with me the entire time.
"What good will that do?"
"He'll become desperate. You are the one thing he loves with all his life - his little sister. His little baby girl who he helped raise, and who he watched over. Once he believes that you gave up on him, he'll go crazy trying to get you back.
"He'll go so crazy, he'll come to this house alone."
Instantly, everything made sense. Beast would corner Zach in this house, with Zach being completely defenseless, and force out every piece of information he can find. And instantly, I found myself torn between two people.
Beast, or my brother?
I should be able to listen to Beast, the one who had tragedy after tragedy hit him. Beast, who didn't kill anyone, or intend to hurt anyone except for Zach.
But I also knew that I had to choose my brother, protect him and his dirty lifestyle at all costs. It was something family would do. I had only known Beast for two months. I've known Zach all my life. Zach never let his gang get to me, never let that information reach me. He gave me princess treatment, almost as if I were his daughter.
"How do you know all this?" I blurted, completely oblivious as to how Beast understood what and how Zach would go about everything. "How do you know what Zach would do?"
Beast hesitated a moment, before speaking. "School started two months ago. The six months I was here before that, all I did was observe your brother. I would follow him day and night, figure out what was important to him and what was not.
"You are the only thing important to him. You are the only thing he cares about, the only reason he ever returns home, and the only reason he never quit high school. You are his only weakness, and you are the one person he would do anything for."
Zach cared for me. He only cared for me. I was his only family, his only sister, his only true friend.
How could I just leave him like that, without listening to his part of the story?
Pausing for a moment, I made up my mind. Yes, I was going to be on Zach's side.