
“Uh…” I trailed off, not sure of what to say.
“I’ll catch you later then,” he said, his voice mesmerizing. “Zoe.”
The way he said my name sent shivers down my spine, and I found myself breathing heavily, almost gasping. Everything about him was just so…vivid. So perky, so alluring, so…appealing.
I nodded again, very meekly. He stalked away, arrogance and confidence pouring out of every step. As he left, I could a whiff of a minty smell, cool and calming. My senses immediately relaxed, and I could feel my shocked expression wash away.
Before I could say anything, Savannah began bawling out.
“Holy shit!” she shrieked, almost jumping on me. Her features were evidently excited, with enthusiasm and zeal spilling across them. “Beast just talked to you! He freaking talked to you! Isn’t that amazing? He so likes you! Th-”
“Savannah,” Jared cut her off, with an annoyed tone, “all he did was talk to her. Don’t jump to conclusions.”
“How can I not?” she babbled, still gushing over him. “I mean, it’s Beast, after all! He’s the second hottest guy at our school, and he talked to Zoe! Can you believe it? I don’t ever remember a guy talking to Zoe!”
“I talk to Zoe!”
“You’re not exactly what I classify as a guy, Jared.”
I frowned at her, ready to object. “I’ve had boyfriends and friends who were boys. It’s not like I haven’t talked to a boy before.”
“Right, but none of them were Beast! Beast isn’t just a boy, Zoe! He’s a man.” She spoke with such awe and admiration; I had to exchange smiles with Jared.
“So Beast defines the ideal ‘man’?” I challenged, still overwhelmed from his presence.
“No, but-”
“Hold up, hold up, hold up,” Jared shook his head, putting his hands up in defense. “I get the feeling that you’re not talking about me when you refer to Beast being the ‘second hottest guy’ at school.”
“That’s right,” Savannah nodded.
“Then who is the hottest guy?”
“Derek! Duh!”
As soon as those words left her lips, the bell rang, and we were toppled over by dozens of high school kids trying to get to class.
What a life.
____________
A/N: Hi there! Thank you for checking this out - I hope you enjoy it! It's the first book I'm actually planning on completing - I hope it goes smoothly. :)
The trailer to this book is to the side ----->
Derek's picture is also on the right. Feel free to look at his hotness!
If you see any mistakes, feel free to tell me!
*edited on Feb. 2, 2014*
© MiNsHi