
Jared dropped Savannah home first, and then parked in my apartment complex garage. Turning to the backseat, he gave me a hopeful smile.
"Are you going to be okay?" he asked. "Need any help or anything?"
I unbuckled my seatbelt and heaved a breath, returning his grin. "I think I have to do this on my own. I do have you on speed dial though, so if anything happens..."
"Call me A-S-A-P, okay? Anything at all, even if you get a paper cut, your brother from another mother Jared is here to help."
"Thanks," I stepped out of the car and waved at him. "You'd be a great dad."
"Okay, don't talk like you're going to die, okay?" Jared waved his hand over to the elevator. "Go inside and kick ass. Find something valuable to him, and then get the hell out of there."
"Okay, bye, Jared."
Five minutes later I unlocked the front door to my apartment and stepped inside, ready to combat Zach or his gang.
It was empty.
Cautiously slipping through the kitchen, I pulled open his bedroom door, once again preparing myself to hit somebody.
His room was empty as well. Granted, the fire escape was open, everything else was fine.
"Okay, Zoe," I whispered to myself. "Let's do this."
I started at his bed, hoping to find some sort of gun or something. I had to leave before Zach came, so that Beast's plan would work out alongside my own plan. Swiping my hands through his bed covers, nothing unordinary came into sight. I squatted down, ready to check what was below the bed.
Two black plastic bags were knotted. Pulling one out, I unwound it and took a peek inside. Long green rectangular papers filled the bag. Zach had two stashes of cash under his bed. I shook my head and put the bags back, heading towards his closet. His closet was surprisingly neat, all of his clothes on hangers and in drawers. Pushing aside the clothes, I glanced down on the ground, to see if anything was there as well. A gasp escaped my lips.
Two tall green plants were potted in healthy soil. Sniffing in closer, I held the plant between my fingers and examined it.
Was my brother growing marijuana? Ridiculous. Not only was he in a gang, not only did he take stashes of money, but he also grew and probably sold marijuana? Was that where all his stashes of cash came from?
Slamming the closet, I zipped around in irritation, and headed toward his desk. There was only one lamp on it, and a small little drawer below. Two textbooks lay open on the desk. I flipped through them quickly, hoping to not find anything else that was ridiculous.
The textbooks were clean.
I pulled open his drawer and tore through it, trying to find something. Clawing aside every pencil, every book, every little thing I could find, I dug until I could see anything of value. Ever so slowly, my fingers came across a folder labeled "Zach's Stuff. Do not touch".
"How convenient," I muttered. Pulling out the folder, I opened it on his desk and skimmed through his papers. Grabbing a hold of and quickly reading it, I put it in the back of the folder and went on.
And that's when I froze.

Copy of the Certificate of Adoption
This is to certify that

Zachary Mascars
Has been formally adopted into the

Hardvick Family by the Mother Rhonda Hardvick.
And is entitled to all the rights and privileges there to as one of her children.