
AN// I just wanted to say that although theres minimal dialogue, I think it would be a good idea to read through her thoughts, just because they can make things easier to understand. :)

It was past ten in the night when I was finally able to trudge to the playground. I didn't feel like being around people anymore.
Beast was so elevated, so sure that his plan was going to work – I ruined it. He wanted his revenge, and while I didn't support him, I didn't disagree with him either. He wanted to kill my fake brother? He could do that. He wanted to ruin my life? He could do that. He could do whatever he wanted. At this point, I didn't care.
Savannah, while kind, could be very nosy if she didn't understand things. Going to her house would make me more exhausted than anything. Jared would probably say something dumb, just to lighten the mood. I didn't need to hear that.
Zach would...well I didn't even care anymore. I couldn't look at that guy. All my life, I thought I had a family. I thought I had someone to be with, someone who I was truly related to, on all levels. He betrayed me. He was never my brother. He was never someone I could be with, or trust. I didn't even want to think about him, about all the secrets he kept from me, and all the ridiculous stunts he had pulled.
Zach was Vince's half-brother. Vince was Zach's half-brother. I was just a random person to both of them. I didn't care about what happened between the two of them, or why they were enemies. Because nobody cared about me.
Sleeping in the playground was my only real option. It wasn't too dirty either. Either way, I didn't care.
I just didn't care.
***
My eyes opened with a jolt, and I shot up to the bright sun. Where was I?
Glancing around, I saw trees, a swing, a seesaw...oh, the playground. Right. God, what time was it? I took out my phone, and checked the time. With almost no battery left on it, it said 9:38 AM nice and bright.
"Oh shoot," I muttered, sliding down the slide. I needed to get home.
Then I froze. I didn't have a home anymore, did I? Actually, no, I did have a home. Zach was the one who was adopted, he shouldn't have a home.
But he was adopted. He had all the rights and privileges I did.
It was kind of weird how I never figured it out. I mean, we looked nothing alike. Looking back, I could see more similiarites between Vince and Zach than I could between me and Zach. I had blonde hair, pale skin, and green eyes. Zach had dark hair, tan skin, and black eyes. Zach was tall, I was short. Zach looked mildly italian, I did not. We never took pictures, so I couldn't pinpoint exactly when he came to our family. I'd known him for as long as I could remember.
As stupid as it sounded, I would never have been able to figure out that Zach was adopted on my own.
Groaning, I started back to my house. I needed to discuss this adoption thing with him. After sleeping on the idea of having an adoptive brother, I finally realized how much of a fool I'd been. Yes, he was adopted, but he was still a family member. Albeit, he didn't have the same DNA or blood as me, he was still family. I needed to go and apologize to him, and figure things out.
Walking into the apartment, I found it to be empty.
"Zach?" I called out, walking through the apartment. "Zach, are you home?"