
Beast was right. Zach was a murderer. It wasn’t some sort of mistake - he admitted it himself. He was a murderer.
Tears wouldn’t come anymore. I had to come to terms with it; Zach was a murderer. Zach had killed. I had seen it.
Zach had killed.
Should I call the police? Should I inform them that I was raised by a wanted slaughterer, a murderer, a freaking criminal? I shook my head.
No. I didn’t know everything yet. Zach hadn’t completely admitted it. I mean, he had, but...he did say that it wasn’t what I thought it was.
I shook my head again, coming back to my senses. He had his chance to speak. He had his chance to let me know, tell me what was going on. And how could anything justify a murder? How could…
Well, Zach was going to tell me. Who knew, maybe there would be something he could say that would turn the whole situation around?
But then again, I saw it with my own eyes. It wasn’t as though it was fake...right?
Pushing me out of my thoughts, my phone vibrated. I pulled it out of my pocket, and read the one message Beast sent me.

Are you coming, or what?

A smile pressed against my lips, lifting my mood. Rushing to my room, I grabbed any belongings I thought were necessary and shoved them into a bag as quickly as possible. Beast had told me he would buy me anything that I needed later on, if I forgot it. He was rich, after all.
The second I was done, I took everything I had and strode out of the room, straight towards the front door.
A hand snagged my arm just before I could step out, and turned me so that I was face to
face with Zach’s, his eyes pleading. “Where are you going?”
Gritting my teeth, I tried to pull away. “None of your goddamn business. Now let go.”Zach tightened his grip and clenched his jaw, leaning into me. “Zoe, you are not allowed to Beast’s house, do you hear me? If you even step-”
Completely on impulse, my fist crashed against Zach’s face. Completely startled from the punch, Zach let go and stepped away, staring at me in disbelief.

“You don’t have any right to tell me what to do.”
A/N: Ha, finally an update! I've actually written the entire ending to ZATB, now I just have to fill in the chapters in between. We're about halfway through this book, maybe even past it, so stay tuned! I have a couple days off, so I'll try and update again soon! lol, no promises though. Please vote and comment if you liked this chapter!