
C H A P T E R      T E N
Important Note: Beast's real name has been changed from "Wes" to "Vince".

I heard a few girls giggle and whisper behind me as I walked down the school’s halls alongside Jared and Savannah, trying my best to get to Jared’s car before anyone made another snarky comment.
“This is getting ridiculous,” Jared muttered, turning to send them a glare. “It’s been an entire week, they should calm down.”
“It never happened!” Savannah hollered at the freshman, rolling her eyes.
“Bushes,” I mumbled, keeping my eyes on the ground. “Gosh-dang bushes.”
Savannah and Jared turned to look at me with humorous expressions.
“What?” I asked them, taken aback. “I don’t cuss, okay?”
“Just keep walking,” Jared gave Savannah a lopsided smile. “You never know when Zoe’s going to crack again.”
I sent him a murderous gaze.
Savannah laughed, placing her elbow on my shoulder. “Ignore him, Zo. He’s just being a jerk.”
I cracked a smile, my mind wandering to last week. After the incident, I ran home, snuck into my room, and did my best to forget and fall asleep. Zander was already home, babysitting Zane and watching Breaking Bad. Zach wasn’t at home at all, probably at the party. I only saw him the next day, while we were having lunch. He had acted as though he had no clue about the rumors about Beast and I, which was extremely weird on his part. Zander had just asked me about whether it happened or not and if what his friends told him was factual. Zane was just his normal self.
I hadn’t seen Beast since the incident either. I heard rumors of him having a broken nose and a crushed jaw, pissed off at home. I wasn’t sure if they were true, but the rumors did sound like something Beast would get himself into.
“I wasn’t being a jerk. I was just being honest. I think she should have tried to get out of Beast’s arms, not let him walk over her.”
“I was not letting him walk over me.”
“Were too.”
“Was not.”
“Were-”
Suddenly, someone grabbed my arm from behind and shoved me against a locker, gripping my shoulders harshly. I whimpered painfully at the abrupt impact of my body against the cold metal lockers, blinking to see the person in front of me.
Zach towered over me, his black eyes noxious. His lips were curled up in a sneer, outraged.
“I told you to stay away from Beast.” he rasped rancorously, “How many times do I have to repeat myself?”
I flit my eyes behind him, and tried to find Savannah and Jared, but they were gone, out of sight.
“Answer the question, Zoe!”
I huffed, looking back at him. “Where are my friends?”
He chuckled, letting out an annoyed breath. “They’re somewhere better than you are.”