
“Sure, but why?” I asked, amused.
“He says it helps reduce the pain of a hangover or something.” She turned back to the phone. “I know, I told her. Shut up! I’m asking, now shush.” She glanced back at me. “Does it sound good, or not?”
I nodded, scrunching my nose up in the mirror. “It sounds fine.”
Why was I such a plain person? Even with a dress on, I still looked like me. When would I look like someone kickass? When would I stop having the same blonde hair, the same green eyes, and the same –
“I’m here!”
I turned around, setting my eyes on coffee brown eyes in front of me. A boyish smile grinned cheekily on a cute face.
“Jared!” Savannah gasped. “How’d you get here so fast?”
He blinked. “Oh, I was in your kitchen. You’ve got delicious donuts, by the way.”
“You ate my donuts?” Savannah asked, taken aback.
“The glazed ones, yes. The chocolate ones, no. They didn’t look very good.”
“Jared!”
“I liked your cupcakes too. The ones with, ‘Happy Anniversary!’ written on them. Delicious.”
“Jared!”
“They had sprinkles and a blue border around them, I think. I left one so that your parents could share it on their real anniversary. I hope you don’t mind.”
“JARED!”
“WHAT?”
“You can’t just eat my cupcakes like that!”
“But…there wasn’t a ‘Do Not Touch’ sign on them!”
“That’s implied!”
“But…they were so good… and delicious…and-”
“Okay, guys!” I interrupted, tired of their babbling. “Are we going to go to this party, or what?”
They both turned to face me, blank expressions on their faces. A few seconds later, they spun back to each other.
“You’re still not supposed to eat my cupcakes!”
“I couldn’t resist! They were too good!”
I sighed. This was going to be one long night.
***
Jared left to get there before us, which wasn’t very surprising, considering that Savannah practically shoved him out the window after she found out he hadn’t actually eaten any of her cupcakes, and had just teased her for fun. So, Savannah and I were stuck walking.
“This is going to be a long walk.” Savannah said, looking forward at the sidewalk at us.