
I stared at him momentarily. "I don't get it. Why did you even have to hold the gun in the first place?"
"Lots of reasons. We needed money, we needed security, and we needed something to back us up. With barely enough money to buy food, I needed money to buy you new clothes, right? Money to buy you textbooks, and send you on school trips, right? You're not considered poor at school – that's something we would never have been able to achieve if it weren't for the gang. Your life became easier."
"Don't make this about me, Zach. Why couldn't you just get a job?"
He sighed. "No fourteen year old gets good pay with just a job, Zoe. I did get a job, to mow lawns for other people. I would get paid two dollars an hour, and earn just about 14 dollars a week. That's not enough. I needed more."
"Enough to kill somebody?"
He stared straight at me, his eyes melting into ice. I could see the wall rise within him, and could feel his guard stand forward. "That's something you would never understand. I've done things I'm not proud of, but I can't change them back now. You would never be able to understand that, or be able to comprehend my reasons behind why I started."
Tears pricked my eyes. Zach didn't trust me. He didn't have the confidence in me to even give me a tiny, tiny reason as to why he killed. Nothing inside of him believed in me. My brother didn't trust me.
"Oh, God, Zoe, don't cry now." Zack heaved his shoulders up and came forward to comfort me. "Come on, Zo-"
"Then explain this," I whispered, my voice hoarse. I ripped open the folder and pulled out his adoption and birth certificates, holding them up high to his face. "Explain these two things to me."
Zach's eyes widened, and he snatched those papers out of my hands, crumpling them and throwing them in the corner.
"Where did you find those?"
I shook my head and shut my eyes, tired of this day. I was tired of everything.
"Zoe," he shook me. "Why did you go through my folder?"
I kept my eyes shut, trying to get away from all of this.
"Zoe!" he whispered harshly. "Why the hell did you go through my folder?"
"Don't you dare question me!" I finally snapped, shoving him off of me. "Don't you dare ask me why I went through your folder, when you won't give me a clear answer for anything I ask. I asked you why you kept leaving every night, you lied and told me it was your girlfriend. I asked you why you shot that man, you said it was something I 'wouldn't understand'. Now I ask you to explain these two documents, and you decide to question me? You decide to ask me why I have your papers, your stupid, stupid papers that state that you're adopted?" I paused. A scowl scarred across my face, my body remained completely defensive. "Are you even my brother?"
For the second time today, Zach was speechless. He stared back at me, completely silent, completely expressionless. His lips weren't moving, his eyes weren't angry. He just stared, blank.
"Well?" I demanded again. "Are you my brother?"
"Yes." His answer wasn't hesitant, just quiet.
Relief didn't completely spread over me. "So I'm adopted too?"
Zach slowly shook his head, his eyes dropping to the floor. "No. We aren't biologically related."