
I narrowed my eyes at him, my breathing quickening. “Why were you with Janessa?”
“You don’t even know Janessa.”
“Answer my question.”
“I asked mine first.”
I glared at him, lifting my chin. Damn him. “That’s none of your business.”
“Neither is Janessa.” He leaned against desk, watching me with dark eyes.
“Then you have no right to ask me why I kissed Derek.” I crossed my arms over my chest, avoiding his gaze. “You don’t own me, you know.”
I felt something flash through his eyes, dark and dangerous. “I own this town. My father practically built everything in this tiny place with his money; the schools, the shops, the malls, even some houses. He owns a big lot at the school that he’s provided to the public. If I wanted to, I could have you and your brothers expelled from this school with the snap of my fingers.”
I glowered at his arrogance. “Your father owns this town, not you. Your father built this town, not you. Your father worked hard to earn his respect, not you. You can’t just act like you did it all, when it was truly your father. I-”
“Yeah, well I’m the one who’s going to inherit his wealth, aren’t I?” He spoke furiously. “I’m the one who’s going to running this town, right? What does that make me?”
I glared, not caring about who he was anymore. “Do you seriously think that because you were born into Hugh Mascars’ family, you automatically become a God? Oh, no, Vince, no. You don’t-”
“Do not call me that!”
Beast punched a hand straight into the long mirror in front of him, rage enwrapping his face. His eyes looked murderous, piercing right through my body. My body stiffened the moment I heard glass shatter across the floor beneath us, a hitched gasp escaping my lips.
He walked toward me, slowly, step by step. I felt myself shrink away, until I was back to back with the backboard of the bed.
“B-Beast?” I whispered. “Are you okay?”
He didn’t respond.
“Don’t come any closer,” I warned, grabbing a pillow and putting it in front of me. “Don’t get any closer to me or I’ll smack you.”
He didn’t react.
“Beast?” I squeaked, my voice high. “Vince?”
Shit.
A growl escaped his lips, as he launched himself across the room until he was at the edge of the foot board.
He had just told me not to call him that – why the hell did I say his name? Why was I stupid enough to –
No. I was stronger than that. I could control this guy with his name, I could –
I could not be stupid. I should just apologize before something happens –
Apologize for what? Saying his name? It can’t be that bad, could it? Vince, it wasn’t even Vincent, just V-