
Chapter 13

They locked me up in my room. They took me from the fight, even after all my struggling, and locked me up in my bedroom.
Kidnappers were ridiculous. Then again, I wasn’t entirely sure who these guys were. I didn’t know about how they knew my brother, or why they listened to what he said. Judging from the guys’ appearance, however, I could tell that they weren’t a good influence. Not to mention they were at least thirty years old.
Rash tattoos snaked up their arms, over their shoulders, and disappeared into the rakes of their hair. Hair that was stereotypically spiked up and seemed gothic swayed on their heads. All three of them were built heavily, as if all they had taken was steroids. Muscles bulged unhealthily through their t-shirts, and veins popped out of their necks. They all wore gray t-shirts and saggy black pants, which hung down at their knees.
They were shudder worthy.
“Ay, yo, chica,” one of them barked, raising one of his fists. A Spanish boy, I thought to myself. Fabulous. “Whatcha lookin’ at?”
I let myself frown distastefully. “Your muscles.”
Another one of the guys, African American this time, raised his chin. “You don’t like them?”
“Um…”
“If you don’t like them,” the Spanish boy warned, coming close to the chair they tied me onto. “we will make you like them.”
I thought for a moment. I could both wait and continue to tell them that their muscles were ghoulish, or I could be the good girl and tell them that they looked fabulous.
Would they fall for that? I mean, they did look like idiots, but flattery was way too cliché.
“Eh, it’ll be worth a shot.” I muttered to myself.
“What did you say?”
Flattery it was.
“I said, you’re muscles actually look extremely attractive!” Flatter, Zoe. Be Savannah, for a while. “I mean, look at those biceps! You must have worked totally hard for them!”
The African American one glanced at me, confused. “Who is you talking to?”
“You, of course.” I said, making my eyes big. I turned to the Spanish guy. “And you. And maybe even the quiet guy outside, guarding the door. I’m talking to all of you.”
“Quiet,” Spanish snorted. “He’s quiet now ‘cause he ain’t on crack. Z ain’t gonna let him on crack if he was around you.”
“Hehe,” African American laughed along. “Z won’t let no one near his family.”
Curiosity pawed through me. “Who are you guys? Who’s Z? What’s going on?”
The Spanish one stared at me. “He didn’t tell you?”
“Tell me what?”
“We’re part of R101. Z – Zach – is our leader.” He said it so casually, so calmly, that I couldn’t put the pieces together.