
“May I help you?” she enquired, with a sneer. Her voice was filled with an accent, most probably Italian. As I stared into her pugnacious eyes, nervousness ate through me, and I felt myself swallow.
“Excuse me?” She snapped her fingers. “Sei ancora vivo?”
I sped back to reality, not understanding what she had just said. “I-I’m sorry? Is Vince here?”
She quirked an eyebrow at me. “How do you know Signore Mascars?”
“I’m his friend. My name is Zoe. Zoe Hardvick.”
“Ho capito,” she mused. “I will see what I can do. Stay here until then.”
With that, she slammed the door in my face.
Well, congratulations, Zoe.

Eventually, she came back and beckoned me into the house. After forcing me into a blind fold, she and one other person walked me around the house roughly, holding my arms while doing so. After several failed struggles, they finally let go of my arm, and allowed me to stumble into a wall.
I heard a knock on the door and Fulvia’s alarming voice. “Signore Mascars, lei è qui.”
A deep, masculine voice rumbled from the other side. “Lasciala all'interno.”
The blindfold zapped off me and I was pushed into a room. Before I had any time to protest, the door smashed shut. I blinked momentarily, letting my eyes adjust to the area around me.
The spacious room was splatter painted navy blue and turquoise, emanating a cavernous, virile touch to the room. Paintings hung on ever wall, all an array of colors. There was a large sofa in one corner of the room, sitting beside a massive silver popcorn machine. There was a projector on the ceiling, pointed to my left.  Before I could set my eyes on anything else, a low, captivating voice boomed from behind me.
“Why are you here?”
I whirled toward where the voice came from, only to find Beast leaning against the glass balcony’s doors, the sun setting behind him. The way light hit his body caused him to seem like a silhouette, everything on him darkened. I couldn’t see his face, only the outline of it.
I tilted my chin up, straightened my posture. “I’m here because I’m aware that you and my brother have been getting into some…arguments, lately.”
He shrugged, knowingly. “Yeah, so?”
“Well, I’ve heard that it concerns me.”
“Partially, sure.”
“I just,” My posture faltered as I realized I really had nothing to reply to him with, no plan formed in my head. “I just wanted to tell you to stay away from him.”
I could imagine his brow lifting in revelation. “Are you telling me to stay away from him?”
I stepped backwards, my back against the door. Even as anxiety jumped through me, I kept my voice steady and loud. “Yes. That’s what I said.”