
C H A P T E R     E I G H T

I stepped out of the dark limousine, onto the pavement, accidentally shoving Savannah onto the sidewalk in front of me.
As soon as I shut the door, the driver drove the car off, speedily away from us. Savannah slowly started to get up, stretching, as if nothing had happened.
“I can’t believe Beast sent us a limo,” Savannah commented, waving at the vehicle. “He must be loaded.”
I shrugged. “Yeah, probably.”
We both turned to look at the massive beach house in front of us.
“You ready?” she asked, taking a deep breath.
I blinked. “Nope.”
“Too bad.”
***
Walking into that house was probably one of the biggest fears of my life. I anticipated an average party, with thirty people just wandering around, enjoying themselves and trying to get as much of a buzz as possible.
No one told me there were going to be hundreds.
“This is insanity,” I whispered to Savannah, who was sauntering beside me. She nodded, just as dumbstruck as I was. There were loads of people, masses of them everywhere. Loud techno music was reverberating, pumping loudly in my ears. I had never been to a party this loud before; never.
“First things first,” she muttered, pushing her dress down. “We need to find Jared.”
Determined, we both walked around the large beach house, searching for him.
“Where could he be?” I murmured, my eyes travelling everywhere. “How are we going to find him?”
Looking around, we both paused in a room with about sixty people all jumping, dancing, molding together to the beat of the music. From the corner of my eye, I saw a tall, muscular figure with a leather jacket and dark hair lean up against a girl, his hands on her hips. I halted, my eyes focused on that figure.
The face of the guy was turned away from me, but I could tell it was him. Turning my head, I looked him up and down, a frown crossing over my face. Slowly, my frown changed into a shocked ‘o’, which transformed into a scowl.
Dressed in what I could see as a black shirt, jeans, and sneakers, he pressed up against a blonde girl, her face hidden from my view. As far as I could tell, she was wearing a dress, smaller and more revealing than my boots and sundress. His lips were locked onto her neck, probably biting and osculating onto the flesh of her skin. Her face was shoved up into his hair, her hands running through his soft hair, clenching and unclenching.
“Oh, gosh, Zoe,” I heard Savannah murmur, her tone worried. “Don’t take it too personally.”
Suddenly, anger flushed through me, washing away my shock. Hatred penetrated me, giving me an instant reality check. Venom coursed through me, as revenge filled the throughts of my mind.
Jealousy wrecked through my body.
He had no right to call me this party to try and clear thoughts, and then kiss another girl. No right. I was not going to be humiliated; not any further, not after spending the last three days of my life trying to put up with his stupid idea, his stupid wants.