
this book is being REWRITTEN. this does not mean that i am editing the book, i am rewriting it. this book also gives me major writer's block so it will not be published regularly until MID JUNE. i will try my best to finish writing this book by the end of august, however.

CHANGES:
- i've gotten a lot of questions on my ask page saying that i've been copying noelle's old book, unaphrodite simply because i have the name 'aphrodite' in the title and my main character's name as indira. i really don't want to deal with any of that anymore, so i'm going to be changing the main character's name.
- sebastian and clarissa (indira) will have been friends (not best friends) since elementary school
- and yes, they will still spit sarcastic remarks
- there will be less plot holes and will not focus a lot on the romance aspect because this book's main focus is not the couple pairing.


[© 2015 ELLE CORNELL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED NO PART OF THIS NOVEL MAY BE REPRODUCED, DISTRIBUTED, OR TRANSMITTED IN ANY FORMS OR ANY MEANS, WITHOUT THE PRIOR PERMISSION OF THE AUTHOR.]


DEDICATION

for steph because she is basically my oldest friend on wattpad and i love her to death

STATUS:TBA


"No matter how plain a woman may be,
if truth and honesty are written across her face,
she will be beautiful."
-Eleanor Roosevelt


EXTENDED SYNOPSIS

Clarissa is tired of being 'one of the guys'. And after being two timed and dumped by her now ex-boyfriend, she decides she's had enough. Moreover, after going to a palm reader who tells her that if she keeps dressing like a 'boy' then she will never be able to be even in another relationship for the rest of her life since her relationship line isn't clear, she turns to her arch nemesis, Sebastian, to get people to take her seriously. As a girl.
But in the fifteen days of what Sebastian labels as 'project aphrodite', obstacles get in the way, and a few things tumble down here and there - Clarissa realizes that Hollywood portray makeovers easier than it actually is, and also discovers that being a girl on the outside isn't all it takes.
