
"The Resistance," Finn corrected. "Unless you're speaking of the followers of the Resistance. Which is it?"
"The main Rebels, as in, the ones who do most of the dirty work."
Finn slammed a hand on his desk, the one that had been burned by the coffee. It stung slightly, but he ignored it. "That's what I'm saying! The 'main Rebels' make up the Resistance. The actual Rebels are simply followers. If you're talking about those in the group separately, then you call them Rebels. Mess it up one more time and I'll blow your brains out. Comprende?"
"You do not have the right to do so. I am your boss, not the other way around. Now, do you want to hear what I have to say or not?"
That's what you think. Finn ground his teeth together, trying to hold back a string of vulgar words. "Out with it," he said through clenched teeth.
"Right. About the Combatants. They went after this 'Resistance' and attacked. Well, two of those in the group. Two Rebels," Boss said, putting emphasis on the correct terms.
"Do you have names?"
"Ayden Tate and Jade Maliks."
All the muscles in Finn's back tensed, forcing him to stand straighter. He clenched his fists, letting his eyes flit around the room in search for something to punch. They lingered a little too long on Boss. His teeth were forced against each other, so hard that his gums were starting to hurt. "Are they...dead?"
"No."
At this Finn raised an eyebrow. "How so? The Combatants usually roam in large groups, correct? How could they escape that?"
"You are correct in the fact that they travel in groups. This one even had the leader tagging along. He was one of the only survivors, along with his elites."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Back the bus up for a minute. Survivors? As in, people died?"
"Did I stutter?"
But that's two against probably around twenty. How?
Boss answered his question as if he had just asked it aloud. Finn was in such a shock that he didn't even know if he had or not. "A man dropped from the ceiling and defended them. I heard it was quite a show. Smoke bombs and machetes. I can give the details if you'd like."
"No thanks," Finn hissed.
"Suit yourself," Boss said, mimicking the way Finn had said the same thing earlier.
Finn stared at the cup on his desk again, not wanting to make eye contact. "We're allies with the Combatants now, right? You spoke with them?"
"Yes. Now we can plan against the Resistance and America at the same time. It will get things done much faster, don't you think?"
"Sure. Just like how the war got started faster when we teamed up with other countries for supplies and ammunition," Finn said sarcastically.
"But now it will end sooner. We'll win sooner." Boss smiled, probably for the first time in his life. "Wouldn't you like to see Ayden dead sooner?"
A pain was starting to form in Finn's stomach at the mention of his old friends' name. He arched his eyebrows down in anger, thinking back to how he had been betrayed. "More than anything. I want to see him suffer, too. Make it slow and painful." He paused, thinking up another way to make his old pal regret being a traitor. "Make him watch Jade die first."