
It was as if the sun had vomited in the place she had been parading through no more than an hour ago. The donation building was ablaze in the distance, the flames were expanding towards the other buildings it was connected to. The tips of the fire licked at the dark blue sky hungrily, leaving streaks of black smoke wafting up towards the clouds. Jade had the same reaction that Ayden had, except she didn't almost tear up. The scene held their full attention, threatening to entrance them forever.
The faint sound of gunshots brought them back to the here-and-now. "We'd better get moving," Ayden said, nudging Jade's arm. It was hard, but she managed to look away from the growing inferno. "Across these rooftops. Careful," he instructed. It's as if he had never even seen that growing fire. How can he just move on so easily from something like that?
The gaps between each building were minuscule, easily crossed after each dash-and-leap. The two launched themselves into the air at the same time, landing roughly on the buildings. Some had flat roofs, like those of small businesses, and others had slightly angled roofs covered in shangles that fell from their places wherever Jade placed her feet. They recovered promptly after each landing, heading to the next roof as soon as possible. Each roof happened to be shorter than the last, sending them closer to the ground. From a bystander on the ground, they may have appeared as dark phantoms floating through the sky, their path only lit by the flames from far off and the slowly rising moon.
Eventually, they got to a building low enough to where they could hop onto a small, metal garbage can and slide from the roof and onto it in one smooth, fluid motion. They took turns jumping into the tall, soft grass. Jade lifted her head to take a look at the place they would be heading next. There was only a simple dirt path with a few trees spread apart at even intervals, reaching high into the sky with their dying leaves. "Through there?" Jade pointed to the road with a confused look on her face.
"Yes. We have to wrap around the whole city to get to the harbor unnoticed. It's this way, or no way. Unless you're fond of being shot," Ayden said.
"Hmph." It was a very peculiar route. Jade's feet shifted the small pebbles on the path as she walked with her head down. This is exhausting. Can't we take a break?
"Resting will only take longer." Jade gave him a sideways glance, kind of freaked out.
"How did you...Did I say...What?" she was dumbfounded. Had I said that out loud?
"No. Well, yes and no. I can just tell you're tired. Can't blame ye."
"Thank God, I thought you were a mind reader or some mythical shit like that." She clamped a hand over her mouth. "Excuse my language, I, uh. . . It's been a long day."
"Ye can say that again." They both shared a chuckle before slipping into a soothing silence, the only sound being their footsteps crunching the few leaves that had fallen onto the path. Jade found it quite peaceful. Until . . .
"Jade?"
She froze in her tracks. I never told him my name. Her eyes flickered up to his face as he turned to face her as well. "Aye, what's the matter, Jade?" He said it again. I'm not hallucinating things. Jade tried responding and opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came out. Ayden gave her a concerned look now. Once he finally realized why she was so speechless though, the concern faded from his face, replaced with a smirk and amused eyes. "Ah. I see why ye are acting this way now." He chuckled and started walking towards her.