
Kane had pulled out his machetes and, knees bent and back arched, were using those to pull him ahead. His makeshift ski poles did the work while his feet never lifted off the frozen water. The twins were just behind him and using each other for support. Jade and Ayden moved at the same pace. Logan was only a few feet behind them.
By the time the Combatants had reached the edge of the lake, the Rebels were already halfway across. There was no way they'd be able to catch up on the slippery surface. Jade glanced back in amusement at what she expected to be attempts at following. But her amusement was short-lived. They weren't following, nor had any intent to. Instead, they'd strike from a distance. Each of them held a pistol, the same model that she'd been seeing since she'd arrived.
Jade turned around and held up her own, fired, and watched as one of them fell to the ground and started cradling their knee.
That was the worst move she could've made.
The Combatants returned fire, and a whizzing cut through the air by Jade's face, one of them skimming her bare arm. The chill she had felt moments before turned into the searing heat of pain. Ayden saw this, and moved to help her, but she waved him off. "I'm fine. Just run."
A second round came flying at her. They missed this time, but instead found a different target. Splatters of red exited Kane's forearm, specks of crimson dying the ice he traveled along. All the sound he made was a pained grunt as he pulled ahead. Jade looked back at the group, but Logan blocked their image. He was twitching violently, arms jerking from one side to the other, legs just barely regaining themselves.
"Ayden," Jade said, nodding back at Logan. Ayden took a glance, returned to what was in front of him, then he completely turned around, moving backwards now.
"Logan?" he asked. "Are you okay?"
"Ye-ye-yeah," he answered, "I can m-make it. Don't mind m-me."
Ayden was skeptical, but turned around nonetheless. Jade didn't though. Now she could see the Combatants, arms raised, preparing to fire once more. "Watch out!" she screamed. Most of the group covered their head when the bullets zoomed through this time, none of them having found a target. Jade looked back again. They fired again, too quickly for her to have given a warning.
Both of Logan's legs twitched at the same time, and he lost his balance and slipped to the right.
Right in the route of one of the bullets.
The boy slammed against the ice, and, having landed on a weak patch, it cracked beneath him and gave way. He dropped into the frozen waters, splashing to get back up. His arms still lay on the edge of the hole that had formed on its own, and he struggled to keep his head above the water.
By that point, Ayden had turned and dashed to the side the boy, getting back up each time he fell, not wasting a single second. Jade was quick on his heels, but he made it there first. He grabbed both of Logan's arms and pulled. The chords in his neck stuck out under the pressure of trying not to slip and getting Logan out of the water. Veins throbbed and muscles tensed everywhere. Jade finally caught up to them and grabbed one of the boy's arms. Ayden diverted his attention to the other arm, and after pulling with everything they had, the boy was out and laying face-first on the cold surface, gasping for breath and twitching every now and then.
Ayden kneeled beside him, patting his shoulder. "You really gave me a scare there, kiddo. Are you okay to get up?"
Logan shook his head as best he could with it being pressed against the frozen liquid. He was shivering all over, to such an extreme that it scared Jade and probably Ayden as well. Jade looked at the others. Each had stopped running and kept their eyes glued to the scene taking place beside her.