
Jade gave Logan a warm smile when he reached her. She plucked a domino out of the box and rolled it around in her hand. It's cold. Just before Logan moved away, she reached out and tapped his shoulder, causing him to turn around and lean in, thinking she was about to tell him a secret. "Can I have two more of those?"
"What for?" he asked. He offered the box to her anyway.
"I plan on giving them to a couple people I don't want to lose," Jade said. This made Logan smile brighter than before. She took two dominoes, shoved them in her pants pocket, and gave him a swift "thank you."
If River ever comes back, I'd like to have this set aside for him. And another one for Ian.
Logan bounded up to Ayden, who took three dominoes himself. No one else seemed to catch it, but Jade saw him nonchalantly slip two into his back pocket. Looks like you've got someone you don't want to lose either. Someone that's not with you. "Take a domino to the kid in the cell, Charlie, was it? Yeah, him, take one to him. Can't leave him out," Ayden said. Logan headed out.
"I say we all stand up dramatically and say something catchy for effect," Kane said, already on his feet.
"Well aren't you full of great ideas," Jade said, following suit.
"Look, what you're doing, Kane," Ayden started, "You're rubbing off on her."
"Are you sure that's not you, bud?"
Those around the room chuckled and stood up to match the other three. Once Logan returned, he took a spot right next to Ayden, who ruffled his hair playfully. It was almost like they weren't trying to rise up against a war that may or may not have began. The battles had been taken into their own hands, they had declared themselves soldiers, fighters, warriors. Rebels.
Jade snorted. "What's a war without resistance?"
"There she goes again!" Kane said.
Ayden rolled his eyes at the second in command. His thumb caught her peripheral vision, running all along the surface of his domino, rubbing the concave white circles painted into the black, a black darker than that of night, a night Jade had familiarized herself with. "Keep these dominoes safe," he whispered. "Who knows? They may just find a way to help you.
"They may just find a way to save you."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A/N: I. AM. SO. SORRY. I haven't updated this in two months. It's like all the characters just dropped dead. Not anymore, though. I'm sorry it's so short compared to previous chapters, but I promise next one will be just: mind=blown. Maybe. Prepare yourselves. ANYWAY.
What did you think of this chapter? Too much description? Too little description?
Also, check out the song above? I thought it was pretty badass. Attack on Titan is just...BADASS LEVELS OVER 9,000.
