
Ayden's voice sliced through the silence in a whisper. "We should hide behind that boulder over there," he said, pointing, "and go over what we're going to do one that time." Everyone crouch-ran over to the boulder. They were just out of view of the windows and anyone that may have decided to take a quick look at the small flakes beginning to fall.
"Alright, bud, you've got us over here, start yapping," Kane said, arms crossed over his chest and leg shaking in impatience.
Ayden ignored his second in commands' remark and leaned in closer to the rest of the group. "There's too many windows. If we try to sneak around odds are someone will see. We'll have to storm through and take advantage of the element of surprise. They'll have weapons, no doubt. M and M, Abril, Tempest, Lino, and Kane, you guys will hold 'em off long enough for Jade to get up there and back down. I'll join you guys as she's getting...him." There was some disgust in his voice with the last word. He continued. "When she-"
"What ab-about me?" a frail voice asked. Jade turned to Logan and felt sorry for the boy. Of course he would feel left out; there was no way Ayden would let him fight.
Ayden lost his mojo. His gaze faltered and his fists, clenched at first, unraveled into bony fingers. He hesitated. "You stay here and watch to make sure no one comes this way. If they do, find a way to signal us and run."
"No," Logan said firmly. "I'm not go-going to let you guys do this without me. I'm helping."
Jade saw in Logan what Ian used to say he saw in her once her mind was made up. There was no changing his mind just the same as there was no changing her mind. Everyone saw the determination in his eyes, Ayden included. Then and there, Jade figured out why Ayden had allowed Logan to join. And she knew he'd end up fighting with them despite any objections.
Ayden kept his eyes locked on Logan's, and Jade dared think he seemed worried, afraid even. He ran his hand through his hair once, took a deep breath, and nodded quickly. "Alright. But at the first sign of things getting too heated, you're leaving. Abril, don't leave his side." Abril answered with a small cheer.
Jade glanced at Logan. His jaw was slack, as though he couldn't believe he'd been given the opportunity to join them. She reached over and patted his shoulder reassuringly. He looked at her, fixed his jaw with a warm smile, and gave her a thumbs up in return, a small twitch included. They both turned back to Ayden. When he saw that every pair of eyes was back on him, he proceeded. "Everybody ready?" Heads bobbed upon necks in response. "Okay. We'll head over in a second. Just ... Mathias, give Logan one of your pistols and make sure he doesn't shoot himself in there," he said, his voice cracking at one point during his sentence. One of the twins did so, and Ayden breathed in deeply once more. When he let it out, he also let two extra words slip along with it. "Move out."
The group crouch-ran their way around the rock and towards the building, kicking up snow as they moved in synchronization with each other. It didn't take long to make it to the doors. Each person took position on either side of the double doors. Everyone looked to their leader for the go ahead, and in response he held up three fingers. Then two. Then one. Then there were none, and he and Kane pushed open the doors and the chaos began.
Everyone hastened onward, some bumping and brushing past Jade, a silence from sealed mouths that could only mean they all shared some amount of terror, an unspoken similarity of the fear they all contained, however large or minute it may be. A pistol that was once hidden between skin and cloth ended up in Jade's hand. It's warmth brought some relief to her fingers, but the coldness it contained overpowered the heat, and a shiver ran up her spine from simply looking at it. So she didn't look at it, and focused more on the others.