
Ayden only stared at him with a blank expression. "Some security you are. I don't want your materialistic junk." He reached an arm out and plucked the items out of the mans hand, giving them a once-over before tossing them across the hall. "You see, I want you to pull out that phone of yours and phone the police. I want you to tell them that nothing is wrong here, and the alarms going off were a mistake. I then want you to shut off the alarms. Do I make myself clear?"
The man nodded and fumbled through his pockets. Out came a cell phone, which he used to dial the police. He mumbled as he did so, swearing at himself. "Shoulda never taken this damn job. I'm not even qualified for it. Stupid deals." He lifted the phone to his ear and opened his mouth to speak.
Ayden grabbed his wrist before he could say a single word. "Put it on speaker."
"Yes, sir."
"9-1-1, what's your emergency?"
The man looked up at Ayden, and he nodded. He looked back at the phone, gulping. "T-this is the local mall."
"        Ah, we're sending someone over there right now. The alarms were set off, am I correct? The system sent an alert to us," the woman on the phone said.
"Yeah, about that..." The man paused. "That was just a mistake. No worries here, tell your police friend's to go back. N-nothing's wrong here, ma'am."
"Are you sure?" The woman seemed suspicious. "Ah, alright. Mistakes happen. Have a nice day, sir."
The phone went silent, and the man shoved it back in his pocket. Ayden stepped forward again. "Now turn off the alarms." The guard nodded once more, and unlatched a keypad from his belt. Squinting, he punched in a code. Once he finished, the annoying "beep" sounds were shut off. Jade sighed with relief, glad to have the obnoxious sound gone.
The guard stuck it back on his belt and looked up expectantly at Ayden. "Okay, I did what you wanted. Do I get to live?"
Ayden kept his expression the same; blank and fixated. "I was never going to kill you."
"You weren't?"
"Of course not. Although, there's still one more thing I need you to do."
"If it'll get you to let me leave, then I'll do it."
"Good. Okay, just turn around."
The man obeyed, and turned away from his attacker. In turn, he was now staring at Jade. "Hey, is that girl over there with--"
Ayden grabbed at an object on the man's belt, removing it easily. He lifted it up, pressing it against the man's back. He moved his lips around, saying two words that Jade barely caught. "I'm sorry." He flicked a finger, and the guard immediately began to convulse. His teeth clenched together, and he released a sound Jade hadn't thought was possible to make. The man dropped to the ground, all of his muscles tense and clenched together. A wire of sorts remained stuck to his back. Jade followed that wire with her eyes all the way up to what was held in Ayden's hand. A taser.
"Really, Ayden?" Jade took slow steps towards him, walking a great distance around the man on the ground.
"Yes, really," he responded, moving closer to the guard. When he was about a foot away, he turned off the taser and looked down at the poor guy who was gasping for breath. Ayden crouched down next to him and gave him a sympathetic look. "Don't take this personally. I'll leave your things where I threw them. When you wake up again, it'll be like none of this ever happened. Well, other than the bruise on your head."