
The masculine voice chuckled before continuing. "It wasn't that difficult once we figured out Ayden had found a new friend. Thanks for getting yourself on the news often, by the way."
Ayden took one more step forward, passing Jade. "This is the last time I'm going to ask. What do you guys want?"
"I think you figured it out the last time we caught you. You managed to slip away last time." The man paused. He lifted his hand up again, this time to grab something that was mounted to his back. He brought it forward, and the shiny surface glinted in the yellowish light hanging overhead. "Not tonight."
Each of the mysterious figures with ribbons did the same as he had, bringing forward untarnished katanas which they pointed directly at Ayden and Jade. The rest pulled out small handguns, doing the same as the others. Ayden backed up slowly, taking cautious steps. "Not this shite again."
Jade caught the smallest of smirks from under the flaps of the man that had spoken to them. With a small mouth movement, he started the struggles with one simple word. "Now."
The group began ascending upon them, brushing past the man that had given the word. He remained in the same spot, until he was no longer visible among the crowd. Even if Jade was able to still see him,  she wouldn't have had the chance to stare because Ayden jerked her from her place. He began pulling her in the opposite direction, and once she realized she needed to run, she yanked her arm out of his grasp and began doing just that. Run.
The sound of dozens, if not hundreds of footsteps came from behind, each footfall adding to the feeling of trying to escape an oncoming stampede. That's actually kind of ironic. These people are acting like animals!
"You can say that again," Ayden hollered from ahead. "And before you ask, yes you said that out loud. Move faster!" Jade obeyed without protest, mostly because she had been about to say the same thing to him, if not for herself.
A muffled shout from behind made its way to Jade's ears, and it sent even more adrenaline rocketing through her veins. "Don't shoot! I said don't shoot, not yet! You'll end up shooting us! Wait until we're in an open area!"
We can't make it to an open area. As she ran, Jade scanned the walls of the buildings that were keeping her locked in, hoping an exit other than what was ahead of her. The only thing she saw were windows, but she couldn't just bash those into pieces with her fists. She dropped her gaze to the ground as she continued to pump her legs forward. And that's when she saw it. Not far from where she ran, she saw a couple of bricks laying haphazardly in the middle of the alley.
As she approached she crouched down and extended an arm. Eventually, she held one large brick in her right hand. Mentally praising herself, she looked for the nearest window. Ayden had already passed it, but Jade was just getting there. Glancing back at the crowd, she weighed how much time she had. She and her friend had gained plenty of distance. Not spending any longer on the matter, she stopped in her tracks and faced the window. Her arm raised into the air and she threw it forward, feeling the brittle surface of the brick slip out of her grasp.
Ayden was startled by the sound of shattering glass and glimpsed back. He did a double-take, probably expecting one of those clad in white to have broken it. Jade met his gaze and with a simple nod of understanding they tossed themselves through the window. It was pitch black in the room. Anything--or anyone--could've been waiting in the darkness, watching them stumble over random objects and ram into couches. Jade's eyes slowly adjusted to the empty black, making it not seem so empty anymore. She saw the faint outline of whatever was coming up, making it easier to dodge and not have to slow down. A rectangular box of light shone down on the floor, coming from a window just up ahead. Jade pointed, though she doubted Ayden could see it. "Over there, a window."