
Jade followed his order and headed that way, swiftly running behind a large post that hid her entire body before checking to see if the coast was clear. It wasn't. She quickly turned back around, praying that no one saw her. When she thought it might be safe enough, she took a quick glimpse from behind the wooden post to see two men in black, obviously ironed uniforms speaking to each other in quiet voices. Their backs were turned away from her and the abandoned shack. She took the chance, vacating her hideout from behind the post and running as fast as her legs could carry her to the open door of the shack.
Once Jade felt that she was safe enough, she took a step forward to look out of a busted window. From here she could make out the words they were saying.
"...Plan's are foolproof. Several weeks have been spent trying to put togther a task. They will be demolished with what we have in store for them."
"I'm impressed with your work, sir. However, how do you plan on making them corrupt?" Both voices had a thick Irish accent.
"You will soon see. In a few days time we will send out as many of our most elite as possible to collect what we need."
"I trust you with this assignment. If you fail, terrible consequences will come your way. Understand?"
"Yes sir. One thing, though. What do you plan to do about the resistance group?"
Jade found herself listening intently to their conversation by now, and absentmindedly lifted her hand up to the windowsill, resting her hand along it. Something pricked her finger and a shot of faint pain shot through her hand. She raised her hand to her face to inspect the damage, seeing a piece of glass stuck in her index finger. "Shit!"
"Huh? What was that?"
Jade widened her eyes and shrunk down below the window just as the two heads turned to face it. Her breathing came out in short, forced inhales and exhales. Oh, you done fucked up now girl! God, I'm an idiot!
"Hmph. Probably just an animal or something. And about that resistance group..." Jade let out a deep breath and relief flooded her system. She listened in on the rest of the conversation from her new position. "...There's not much we can do about it. I have this theory that if we get rid of the leader than it will all fall apart."
"What news do we have on the leader?"
"Not much. The identity is still hidden. We do have a few people we suspect though, and more that we are aware are in the group. If things get too rowdy than we'll take them in for questioning." There was a pause before the same voice continued. "Report to headquarters in two hours to tell the plans to the others."
"Understood, sir."
The conversation ended there, and Jade knew it was time to get out of there. She made sure the coast was clear again and faster than she had in a long time back to othe meeting place under the overhang. Everyone else was already back, each of them sighing in relief when they saw Jade. Almost all of them.
Rick stepped forward. "We were worried you had been captured or killed. What took you so long?"
Jade didn't answer that question, but instead said what she knew they had to do. "We need to get to their headquarters within two hours. There's going to be a meeting about how the Enemies are going to 'demolish' someone. We've gotta go."
*****