
The twins moved so that they stood side by side, and even more features proved to be almost exactly the same. One of them raised an arm, waving. "I am Maddox!"
The other did the same. "And I am Mathias."
"Nice to meet you," they said in unison.
Jade raised an eyebrow in an attempt to hide her amusement. Ayden chuckled, and said, "That takes a bit of getting used to for all of us. Always talking at the same time. The majority of us can't even tell the difference between them." He ducked his head and stood in between the two, and mumbled something else. "But the pranks will forever annoy the shite out of me."
Tempest finally spoke up. "Are we going to look at the map now?"
"Right, yes, the map. Let's see..." Ayden trailed off. Abril dashed in front of him, and the roll of paper was no longer in his hands. He stared at his empty palms in surprise. "What?"
Abril hopped onto the table with the roll held proudly in the air above her head. "I'll be the one ta open this here map, ya hear? An adventurer must do the honours!"
Maddox and Mathias chuckled nervously at the same time and took two synced steps backwards. "That's our cue to be leaving. We'll catch up later, especially on what happened to Ayden's face." Ayden glared at them, and they chuckled again and ran off.
Ayden rubbed his hands across his face. "Just open the map already so I can explain and we can move on."
"Aye aye, Cap'n!" The roll of paper unraveled before their eyes, revealing what looked like the floor plans to a building. "Say, is this 'bout the search and rescue thing ya were talking 'bout before we came here to America?"
"Part of it." Ayden walked over to the table and grabbed a corner of the map, examining it closely. "Logan, I know you're excited about making that new idea a reality, but I need you to pay attention right now, okay?"
Jade looked over at Logan to see him place the object back on the table somberly, his eyes cast down at his work. "Okay." She noticed that his wrist twitched again, and that it was a bigger movement than before. Wonder what that's about...
"Alright. Down to business then," Ayden said. "To answer Abril's question more in depth, yes, it is a search and rescue mission. But, with this map, it's just a rescue." He let go of the map and turned his head down to Tempest before reaching a hand out and touching her shoulder in a comforting gesture. "We'll find him. It'll be fine."
"If you say so," she muttered. "Let's just hope he's not dead by the time we do."
"He won't be dead."
This time Tempest looked up at him, eyes on the verge of spilling over with tears. "How can you be so sure?"
"Because I never let anything happen to my Rebels. We'll get him back, I promise."
Tempest looked down again, sniffling and wiping her eyes. With her occupied with drying her tears, Ayden moved onto something else, placing his foot on the table and pushing himself up until he stood next to Abril. He whispered something to her and she nodded before jumping down from the table, map still in hand. He clapped his hands together and began to speak with more bravado than before. "We'll be going into the building shown on that map there. If I've been given the right research, he should be a few floors underneath, in the basement levels."