
"Give up already, Ms. Mal--" Finn's taunting was cut short by a loud thwack! He lifted his hands to his head, wiping crumbs out of his hair as he turned around to witness Ayden expressing mirth. The loaf had broken once it made contact with Finn's head, so now all Ayden held in his hands was a few small chunks of bread and crumbs.
Jade picked her bread up again as Finn clenched his fists tightly. Ayden tossed whatever was remaining in his hands at Finn. Tossing her intact loaf over to Ayden, Jade moved over to the other side of the room. I need to find another way out of here other than the way we came in. Sure, the other door would be a good way to go, but Ayden can't get to it right now. . .
Ayden was pretty much surrounded. Counters stood strong behind him, a wall was on his right side, and to his left there were more counters. The only way out for him was past Finn.
Jade was about to begin looking around again when Ayden began jabbing the air in front of him with the bread, causing Finn to back up ever-so slightly. What is he doing now?
Ayden continued stabbing at the air for a while before making eye contact with Jade. He smiled and turned back to Finn. Instead of fake-poking Finn, this time he stuck it out completely, one arm slightly bent at the elbow and the other placed behind his back.
"On guard!" he shouted. Jade suppressed laughter at this statement. This is going to be good.
"Finally, all those years of fencing practice with you will pay off," Finn said. "I've always been better at it, and you know it."
"Things have changed," Ayden added before swinging the loaf towards his opponents head. Finn lifted his bread up at the last minute, preventing the blow of bread.
"Are you sure about that?" Finn asked as he pushed Ayden's loaf away from his own.
"Positive," Ayden said. He swung at Finn yet again and they proceeded to bang the loaves together, almost as if they were using swords in place of the elongated chunks of dough. Each time the bread made impact, the two would either move forward or backward. If Ayden can get Finn to move far enough backwards, he could escape.
Jade remembered that she was supposed to be doing something, so she began going through the small cabinets attached to the metallic island that she took refuge behind. The sounds of bread against bread sounded throughout the room, with the occasional taunt from either of them.
After a few minutes of pointless searching, she stood up to see "how it was going." Ayden was wagging the loaf tauntingly at Finn, as if he were a mother lecturing a child. Finn's face was filled was frustration and irritation. Jade felt kind of bad for him; if she were being trash-talked by someone trying to attack her with fresh pastries she would be a little vexed too.
Finn took his anger out by swinging his loaf right at his opponents head. Ayden saw this coming and ducked quickly, crouching down like a frog. He leaped back up almost immediately, sticking out his tongue as he did so. So his immaturity comes out. Perhaps it's the fact that he's pretty much having a food fight? A very intense food fight, that is.
"Aye, almost got me that time! You're getting better there, old Finn," Ayden teased.
"No, you're just another lucky child. And I'm the same age as you! Pft, 'old man!'" Finn swung the bread yet again, missing like always.