
Those feckers! Ayden swiped a swift leg around, tripping the person that had been silencing him. He took the chance to speak. "Jade! Get up, get up! Ja--" A new hand interrupted his screams. He bit down hard and a metallic taste filled his mouth, blood. The person Ayden had chomped on pulled away and whimpered. Wuss. Someone began approaching the defiant red-head, and he launched a foot into their groin, watching as they fell to their knees in pain. Adding a special touch to this act, he swished the blood and saliva around in his mouth, spitting it at the man on their knees. His head was yanked back harshly by his hair and a sound emanated from him that he though would be impossible to make.
"Let me go ye rotten parasites! Jade, get up!" Ayden screamed at her small body laying on the ships deck. His hair was released and he took a better look at her. "What did you do to her?!" he screeched. One of the many people staring at Ayden followed his gaze, staring down at Jade as well, then slowly walked over to her. He picked her up and slung her over his shoulder like a rag-doll, like she weighed nothing but feathers. He better put her down! "Get your dirty hands off of her ye sick feck!"
He only chuckled and began walking towards a set of stairs leading deeper into the ship. "Get back here with her! Stop!" Ayden's throat was burning from all the screaming but he didn't care. It's my responsibility to keep her safe, since I brought her into this. No one is allowed to touch her!
The small crowd surrounding Ayden began to break apart in the middle, clearing the way for someone that clearly held authority. And I know him. The man approaching him wore a pressed, black suit devoid of any wrinkles, a green tie wrapped firmly about his collar. His eyes were concealed by thick sunglasses but Ayden could still feel them practically burning holes into his skin. When he was only a few inches away, he stopped. No movements, no hint of acting. Just staring right through him, into him. Ayden felt unease overcome him, knowing that whatever this man had to say would ruin him, and stared blankly at the ground. I learned the first time . . .
The man grabbed Ayden's chin and pulled it up so that he was looking directly at his sunglasses. His nails dug deep into his skin, leaving deep imprints. "You didn't do what I told you. And you've seen what happens when people disobey me." His voice was deep and quiet, so quiet that only the people within a few feet would be able to understand what he was saying. He then kicked Ayden hard in the groin, causing him to let out a pained cry and bend over partially. The sailors still had a firm grip on his arms, holding him upright so that he didn't fall entirely to the ground. "What a shame. I actually liked you. Best worker. Here one day, gone the next."
"I-I can explain e-every--" Ayden's stuttering was cut off by the man's now suddenly booming voice.
"Finn! Make sure he gets to room 8 safely. We can't have him being injured before questioning."
Ayden strained to hear a faint, "Yes sir," before his hands were being pushed behind his back, as if he were being arrested for a crime. It is an offense, in the eyes of these vermin, to speak out.
"G-get off!" He tried sliding a foot behind him to trip one of the sailors but only ended up almost falling himself. The man stepped away to admire his knotting masterpiece. Ayden tried tugging his hands apart, but they didn't budge at all. The man in the suit kicked him once more, this time in the stomach, and Ayden landed on the hard deck with a loud thud, letting out yet another pained yelp and grimacing. This bastard.
Two more people picked slipped their hands under his arms and he was lifted into the air. Finn walked in front of them both and began leading the way down the stairs. Ayden kept his head staring straight ahead, staring daggers into the back of Finn's head. He turned his head slightly to look at Ayden and smirked. "You must be glad that you're being boosted up to my old position," he said to Finn.