
Those pinning the twins craned their necks to see the commotion. This was their first mistake. Maddox and Mathias slammed their foreheads against their opponents faces, and they too were freed. Each boy reached over to their belts and pulled out two pistols, one in each hand, and fired off several rounds into the figures.
The woman who had commanded their deaths was now just standing at the entrance in shock. She didn't notice as Ayden crawled over and picked up the katana the one figure had dropped, or how he got back on his feet and slowly sneaked his way over to her side. He whistled and she turned. She only had time to press a button on her belt, and then she too was laying on the ground with a gash on her stomach.
Oh my Jesus. I'm surprised I'm not more fazed by this. Guess I've just gotten used to it by now.
Suddenly, the double doors to the entrance of the building were thrown open, and several more bleached ninjas came running through. The others were immediately thrown into action, and Jade bounded down the stair-like stack of rocks to help. Second day here and I''ve already been involved with these powdered monkeys. Just as she was closing in on one of the beings, Ayden called over to her.  "Jade! You need to go in and get Lino! He'll be in the basement--look out!"
Jade didn't think about his last two words and dropped into a crouch. A whizzing sound came from above, and she brought her elbow back instinctively. A manly grunt emanated from behind her, and then a thud. Right where it counts. Point one; Jade. Point zero; powdered donut.
"Jade!" This time Tempest was yelling. "You need to get my brother! Hurry!"
Jade nodded and looked to the entrance of the building. Several figures were flinging around blades and such all throughout her path. She let out an exasperated sigh, and started running. Expertly she navigated around the bodies and blades, ducking and dodging and just a little shoving. Okay, a lot of shoving, and the majority of those she shoved were taken off guard and hit the ground, placed in the mercy of the rebellious team. The Rebels.
One figure stood in front of the entrance, and they were big. Not big as in they needed to lay off the hamburgers, but big as in they needed to lay off the gym. Broad shoulders and long legs consumed the doorway, and muscular arms wrapped in white fabric hung low at their sides. There was no way around this guy, nor over. But under... Jade dove to the ground, sliding right between his two bulging legs. The guy whirled around and stomped his feet against the ground, rubbing them along the ground like a bull before charging. This was where Jade noticed she was wearing red. She looked down at her clothing, then back up at the man. Scooting backwards, she giggled nervously. "So...how's the weather up there?"
The guy snarled down at her, and his legs flexed under the material as he took slow, deliberate steps in her direction. This is where she retired scooting, and starting scurrying away on her hands and knees like a baby. At one point she got to her feet, stumbling and tripping over her own feet before she was steady again. She was quickly running out of hallway, and the only door was at the end of the hall.
Jade lurched for the doorknob but was caught and pulled back by two abnormally strong arms. She thrashed and struggled and tugged against his grip, but to no avail. "Let me go, meat head!" His grip tightened, and he started to move backwards, away from the door. In a last minute attempt, she swung her foot forward and kicked at the door. It shook and rattled. Again she kicked; there was a bigger shake. One last time, and the door gave way. Internally she thanked Faster Time for eroding the wooden surface and giving her the chance to make the man stop for just a moment. It was all she needed.