
Jade felt herself, or rather, didn't feel herself lose feeling in her limbs. Her fingertips were becoming numb, and the lack of feeling was slowly travelling through her arms, much like a snake before pouncing and draining the life out of its prey. I've always liked snakes. Especially venomous ones.
They say if you lose a sense, you gain a sense. Loss of touch, in exchange for acute hearing. As the feeling drained out of her, she could pick out certain sounds from far off. Cancelling out everything except her own slow breathing, she listened in to whatever was going on in the middle of the street. A masculine voice whispered one word under their breath. "No."
Footsteps followed that breathy statement, shoe sole against asphalt. The steps were quick, one after the other with no rest, as if the person were running. Wonder what's got them all worked up.
"Jade! Jade, get up!"
Nah, I'm actually kind of comfortable right here. By the way, you sir, have an accent.
The steps grew soft, pattering against the snow covered front yard. They grew closer and closer... and closer... I think I'll go to sleep now. Enough thinking.
Jade barely felt the tingle of something touching her arm. She was slowly torn from her bed of ice and snow, her forehead being the last to leave. The tingles became more prominent, and she was sure something was touching her side. "Come on, wake up. Open your eyes. Oh man, please wake up!" Her eyes barely cracked open, but she thought she caught a glimpse of a face looking down at her. She was positive she saw a flash of red though. "That's it, that's it, open 'em up. Come on, show me you're not in a coma or something."
She was about to say something and opened her mouth slightly, but closed it. Too much work. Need to sleep. "Jade? Wake up. Jade!" That voice is so annoying. Yet, alluring at the same time. Actually, it sounds kind of familiar. Her head lolled to the side, and she realized that she was being held in the air bridal-style. This surprised her, and she snapped her eyes open. Jade faced the apartment, and she looked directly at the front window. A shadow stared back. The outline, nothing more than a silhouette, grew eyes. The light from a lamp post must've been shining at the shadow, allowing Jade to see the top half of the silhouette's face. The brows were furrowed and the eyes were ablaze in a mixture of indescribable emotions. A few were easy to pick out. Anger and frustration. Sadness and a world of depression. Jealousy.
"Jade?" The familiar voice took her attention away from the window, and she turned to look at whoever was holding her in the air. She was being warmed quickly, something she didn't know whether to be grateful for or not. "Thank goodness. I thought I'd lost you there."
"Ayden? What are you doing here?"
"You forgot already? I was supposed to pick you up at three in the morning. Last time I checked it was three fifteen."
Jade rubbed her eyes, sighing. "That's right. I forgot all about that when the tree fell over."
"What?"
"Nothing important." Jade risked looking back at the window only to find an empty blackness. Must've been seeing things.
"Right. Anyways, did you get 'it' done? You know, the thing?"