
As they got closer, Jade's nose was greeted with the smell of delicious food. Once they actually entered the room, she took in it's elegance. The walls were white, just like most of the house, with tall, thin windows surrounded by thick curtains. It was dark outside, but the bright lights that were attached to the walls made it seem almost daylight. A glistening chandelier hung high above the long mahogany table. In the cushioned chairs around the table, sat the President, General Banks, and what she guessed was her team.
Eyes found their way to her, and she lowered her gaze as she scurried over to take her place in an empty chair next to General Banks. The chair screeched against the floor as she pulled it out, bringing even more unwanted attention to her. Soon, all eyes were on her, studying her like the pieces of meat they were about to eat, looking for any signs of mad cow disease.
When they deemed her normal, the eyes fell back down to the mouth-watering food coming their way. All except one pair. Jade ignored it and filled her plate with delectable foods, digging in. The meat was juicy and spiced, the pasta was seasoned perfectly, and the rolls were fluffy and buttered. I haven't eaten something this good in forever.
It was quiet, the only sound was the tinkling of silverware against the plates. A man with a dark red beard spoke up, breaking the silence.
"So, we're all a team?" He asked, looking at Jade and the others seated about the table. There were four of them in total, Jade looking out of place. She risked a quick glace at each, picking out a physical characteristic of each to determine what they might be like. There was the bearded one that had spoken; he seemed like a nice guy from the tone of his voice. Then there was a hefty man sitting a few seats away from him, muscles on his muscles. I'd better not get on his bad side... Lastly, the only other girl in the room. She was the one that had been staring at Jade, a deadly glint in her eyes. It was the look of someone who wanted revenge, and she had deemed Jade her target of her vengeance.
Maybe muscle man wouldn't be too bad of an acquaintance after all.
"Yes Rick, this is your team. Allow me to introduce you." Banks raised his hand and pointed at each of them.
He pointed to the guy with the beard. "As I said before, this is Rick." His finger drifted over to the brawny guy. "That's Brad." Pointing to the girl, he said, "That's Lea." Her name sounds familiar, but I don't know from where...Then again a lot of people are named Lea. "And that's Jade."
Recognition sparked in the faces around the table. "Jade? As in Jade Maliks? As in hero Jade?" Brad questioned in his deep, rumbling voice.
"Yup," Banks answered. "Hero Jade. It has a nice ring to it, doesn't it?"
"No." Jade looked over at Lea, who was poking at her mashed potatoes with her fork, glaring daggers down at her poor piece of bread.
Everyone simply ignored her. "Tell us, Jade, tell us how you saved all those people in the skyscraper museum type thing!" Rick said cheerily.
Jade let out a nervous laugh. "There's not much to say about it."
"Of course there is! Tell us how you got each of those lives out of there."
Jade barely heard the mumble that Lea had breathed out at in a whisper, and somehow she knew that she was the only one that heard it. "There was a time she didn't save anyone. And she'll pay for it."