
A cool breeze brushed the skin that was exposed through the tears in Jade's flimsy jacket, and the rotten smells diminished entirely as they made it outside and into the fresh air. Ayden didn't stop running there, and more gunshots went off. From as far as she could tell, none of them had hit either of them. Almost none of them. The scrape of metal against metal filled her ears, and she was temporarily blinded by a white-hot brightness, her skin being assaulted by a fierce amount of heat. Hot air pushed with tremendous force against her and Ayden both, and they went flying into the air, his arms being wrenched from her as they rocketed towards a patch of old grass.
When they landed, it felt as though the wind had been knocked out of Jade, and the both of them simply laid there gasping for breath and watching the newborn flames eat away at the building and make torches out of the trees. Then Jade remembered the blood that had splattered onto her face earlier. She sat up quickly, ignoring the growing pain in her head and crawling over to where Ayden lay on his back. "Were you shot? Are you okay? Ayden?" Question after question flew out of her mouth. "Ayden!"
His eyelids slowly cracked open and he groaned. "Jade?" That triggered another question.
"How do you know my name?" she asked with a little more anger in her voice than intended.
Ayden focused his eyes on her. "I have me ways." He propped himself up on his elbow. "And yes, I was shot. Kind of."
"Where?" No gunshot wounds were visible.
He leaned back into the grass and felt around his arm, near his biceps. Once he was finished he pulled his hand away and showed her the dark red substance that was now coating his palm and fingers. "Pretty thick bullets, I say. Only skimmed me but still took out a bit of a chunk."
"You're bleeding like crazy. Here." Jade took off her destroyed jacket and tore off the sleeves, ripping them into makeshift bandages. She wrapped up his bare, bleeding arm in them tightly. Once she finished, she pulled the sleeveless jacket back on.
"W-we need to pass through a neighborhood to get to the b-back woods. I k-know where it is. Follow m-me," he stuttered for a reason unknown to her. Maybe he's cold, I don't know. Nonetheless, Jade kept a close eye on him as they started walking yet again. At least I got that rest I wanted. Even if it was forced upon me by an explosion and caused more problems than I had before.
The walk was silent, other than twigs cracking beneath sore feet and Ayden's harsh breathing. Gradually, the landscape started shifting into something more like a neighborhood. They walked in between two small houses and the trees disappeared all-together. "We're h-here. Keep g-going."
Ayden cradled his arm as they walked in the middle of the street. As they moved forward, Jade noticed that the atmosphere was a bit eerie. It was unnaturally silent. She brushed it off as nothing more than paranoia, but still kept her guard up. She'd never been able to let it down the past few months.
Faint sounds started arising behind them and Jade didn't want to look behind at what might come after her once she did. They taunted her, getting louder and louder and louder . . . Her head twisted around and her eyes were greeted by the image of an inferno swallowing the quaint little houses and few twig-like trees. The sounds she had been hearing were the crackling of flames. "Ayden . . ." He ignored her. "Ayden?" No response. "Ayden!" Jade grabbed his good shoulder and turned him around. His eyes widened yet again once he saw what followed, and he dragged her away with his good arm. He. Needs. To. Quit. Doing. That. I'm. Going. To. Lose. An. Arm. To. Him. Someday.