
Jade averted her gaze over to Ayden, who was currently trying to locate the patroller without being spotted. He must've found the riot-man because Ayden practically threw himself out of his hiding spot and went over to the boats' controls. She couldn't see what he was doing, but Jade knew he had shoved a key in some slot and pulled a lever. The boat started up, vibrating slightly as it slowly but surely inched its way out of its place.
Jade figured it was safe to come out ,so she did and stood up. Her eyes locked on the riot-man running towards the boat. "Ayden, hurry!"
"I'm trying!" He fumbled with a bunch of levers and buttons. "Cover me!"
Jade looked over to the patroller and noticed that he was reloading a handgun. She pulled out a pistol of her own and aimed it at the man. They were a few yards away from the dock now, but the man still had a clear shot at either of them and the boat. He lifted his gun aimed it at Jade.
She found her hand shaking, trembling in fear as her index finger hovered over the trigger. Just a piece of cardboard, just a piece of cardboard . . . She looked at the man in his black uniform, his handgun rivalling her own. I can't do it. I can't kill someone. I can't. It's not me. . . A gunshot sounded through the air, and Jade closed her eyes, waiting for the bullet to pierce her body, to spill the blood of her stomach, to blind her in an eye. When ten seconds passed and nothing happened, she opened her eyes in disbelief. Confusion ran through her mind until she turned her head to the right and saw Ayden standing beside her with his gun raised, pointed at the riot-man. Jade glanced over to where the patroller had been standing , watching him flip over the dock and dive face first into the greenish-blue waters.
"You can't hesitate when it comes to things like this. I though you would've learned that by now," Ayden said, still looking at the man drifting in the water. His red hair was ruffled by the wind and he lowered the gun to his side. He walked back to the controls quietly, laying the gun next to him without making eye contact with Jade.
She felt the boat move faster and faster, and soon they were out in the open ocean. The coast was a hazy mass of browns and greens and the sky was beginning to show the first signs of daylight. Jade sat on a bench attached to the side of the boat and looked out to the sea. Droplets of salt water splashed against her face and it felt good, the smell of salty ocean drifting through her nostrils.
"We'll need to stop at some point. We won't be able to make it back to America in this thing," Ayden called over to Jade. she looked back at him, noticing the soft features on his face even after he had killed a man with no remorse. Or does he have remorse? Is he just hiding it? Or is he really just another ruthless Enemy?
"How do you know about me?" Jade asked. This question better be answered.
"Like I said, I have my ways." He frowned at the sea.
"What are your ways?" she pushed. I need to know.
He sighed and opened his mouth to speak, but he got distracted by something in the distance, closing his mouth. Jade followed his gaze and saw a large ship in the distance. "There. We'll go there and hope that it's not an Irish ship. Even if it is, they won't know what's been going on. They'll help us anyhow."
He changed the route of the boat and sailed at an accelerating speed. Before long they were floating alongside the ship. People leaned over the edge and shouted to others on deck. Someone lowered a ladder down and Ayden gripped it tightly. He began ascending the ladder and Jade followed close behind. Ayden lifted his leg over the rail once he got to the top, and Jade stopped for a split-second, thinking to herself. Is this such a good idea?