
Ian lifted up the perfume and sprayed just a little spritz on the sleeve of his sweatshirt, so that the smell of Jade would stay on him wherever he went. He loved the way she always smelled. She always smelled like an old memory, and yes, he knew very well that you can't smell memories. That was the only way he could describe it though. All the keys in the drawer were to a bunch of old boxes that had come from Jade's grandfather that they never really had the time to open up and go through. The boxes were on a shelf in the closet, maybe when she came back the two could open them up and discover the secrets inside. The lighter was something Ian had shown Jade the first day that he had met her. I never regretted anything about that day.
The photo album stared back at him mockingly, proving to him that he couldn't bear to go through its pages. Not unless Jade were here. . . He shoved everything back in the drawer hastily. He had a Laundromat to get to.
***
The walk to the Laundromat was short and relaxing, especially after all of that cleaning. The bell above the door tinkled as Ian walked in. The washers and dryers were actually working for once, so he wasn't there for long. The bag that contained the bed sheets was heavy on his shoulder, but he didn't care. It was nice to be out in the fresh air once again. It was no longer necessary to wear a mask on his face to avoid the the germs in the air. They were under enough control for now, and deaths were rare, unlike a couple months ago when he had seen his neighbors be carried away, pale and not breathing, covered in bumps and some disgusting unidentifiable gunk.
As he was walking back to the apartment, a crowd was surrounding the glass wall of a television store, watching the news intently. That's all that was ever on anymore, yet Ian never heard news of a particular "Jade." He guessed he wouldn't, Jade had told him that everything she was doing would be kept top secret.
Just out of curiosity, he walked over, peering around heads and inching his way to the front of the crowd. The voices of the reporters became louder as he neared.
"Yes George, this has really happened." Ian saw the old red-haired news lady speaking again. She's becoming too much of a person in some people's lives. No one even know her name! Well, I don't. Therefore that means no one else does. "Breaking news has just come in this afternoon. In one of the halves of the former Republic of Ireland, a group, most likely one of our brave military groups, snuck in and cleverly ended up obliterating an old warehouse that belonged to the Enemies, one that we now know had been housing several dozen tanks and weapons that would've easily destroyed America from the roots up. The names of the people in the group are still unknown, and our team is working hard to figure that out. We do know, however, that they are perfectly fine and being checked for any injuries as I speak. This should've been an impossible plan, but somehow they pulled it off. A real shot of luck. Back to you George."
The bags holding the bed coverings fell from Ian's hand, plopping in a mud puddle on the sidewalk. "She's alive."