
Suddenly, Jade heard a scraping sound, metal against metal, and she knew what it was almost as soon as she had heard it. Her head snapped in the direction of the sound, and sure enough, the garage door was lifting upwards again, another smaller tank making its way out. And with it were two Enemies. They were slacking behind the tank, almost strolling behind it. They seemed way too confident.
Jade turned back around for a second to see Rick making a hand signal towards Brad. He saw it and tensed up, positioning himself so he could throw the rock far enough and in the right place without being seen. Rick and Jade were still in the crevice, and Lea had fled to the trees, climbing one as well to avoid being seen by the tank crawling over to the fenced in area.
The soldiers were sauntering towards the fence, not a care in the world---at least, not right now. Before Jade knew it, the rock was flying through the air towards them, landing on the ground by the soldiers feet and pushing pebbles into the air. The soldiers seemed to have a delayed reaction, just staring at the rock way longer than they should have. Then their heads bolted up in the direction Brad was in.
They trudged over there slowly, seeming not to be observing their surroundings very well. Then Jade realized: they must be drunk. The team was told before they left that the Enemies were having a week-long celebration that week, but Jade never really paid much attention to that information. And with every celebration, alcohol is always present. To add onto things, alcohol use probably got even worse once the war started, people wanting to make their worries fade for a while. But this would without a doubt help us, seeing that these ones were drunk meant that the others inside would be too.
It also meant that they wouldn't have to kill anyone, which Jade knew she wouldn't be able to take seeing or doing, and was thankful for that.
One of the soldiers stumbled and would've tripped had it not been for the other one who caught him just before he fell, and they continued their never-ending walk. They kept getting closer and closer with each passing second . . . closer . . . closer . . . Jade caught Brad re-positioning himself to grab them. They walked right on past Brad and stopped, looking aimlessly towards the overgrown grass. Brad chose that moment to jump out behind them, wrapping his arms around their necks and pulling them backwards into the bushes. A short, strange sound emanated from the area and soon afterwards Brad stood up. Rick got out from his crouching position and made his way over, beckoning for Jade to do the same.
As they approached, Brad went back into the bushes to remove the clothing from the soldiers. "They're out cold, and will be for a while. Come on, let's get these uniforms on."
"But there's only two, not enough for all of us," Jade said, confused.
"That's right, clever one you are. Two of us will have to go in. The other two will keep watch and when we come out we'll all meet up here and run back through the way we came to the overhang. We'll hide and figure out what to do from there," Brad explained.
Jade had a feeling deep in her gut that what he said wouldn't turn out the way he had planned oh-so smashing. She didn't say anything though, Jade was always the one to keep things like that to herself.
Just then, Lea caught up to the group. "What's going on?"
Brad ignored her and continued on with his plan. "So, who's going in there?"