
"Right. Now if you'll excuse me I need to get a drink for Ian." Ayden hadn't even noticed how much the line had moved forward. She picked up a cup and walked over to a shimmering glass bowl of blood-red punch. She grabbed the ladle and scooped the juice into the cup before laying it down again and leaving the line, heading back to the man.  So his name's Ian, huh? I do remember reading something about him. I ignored it then, but now I'd like to know a little more. . .I just need the database hard drive. I bet Finnian has it now that he's the Boss' little pet now. Ayden decided he'd confront his new foe later. There were too many people around to start something potentially dangerous to others.
Ayden stepped away from the line and looked for that Rick guy. He owed him a thank you for backing him up earlier. Just as he had spotted the bearded man, the music changed to a slow song and Jade's face flashed through his memories. Ayden looked over at her, who was being pulled out of her chair by Ian. He practically dragged her onto the dance floor.  Dragging her places is my thing. Ayden knew his face showed clear jealousy at the moment, and he didn't bother to hide it. Maybe if she sees how jealous I am she'll rethink and choose me instead. However, she didn't even seem to notice his existence. As she swayed back and forth with Ian, Ayden saw how much softer her facial expressions were. She was usually unreadable, but he knew that look in anywhere. He couldn't quite put a finger on the word. . .It was killing him inside to just sit there and watch them like a creeper. I have to do something to get her attention.
The song ended with a few high notes and the duo stood there staring into each others eyes. Ayden took the opportunity while it lasted, and slogged over to the two. As the next song began, thankfully another slow song, he stopped in front of them and held his hand out to Jade. "May I have this dance?"
She looked up at Ian unsurely and he nodded, smiling at her reassuringly, as if to say, "I'm okay with it."Jade reluctantly removed her hands from his and placed one in Ayden's. When Ian turned his back to ask another girl to dance, he squeezed Jade's hand gently.
"You're too persistent, you know that?" She raised an eyebrow up at him in question.
"Well ye are one of those people that everyone loves, y'know that?" Ayden responded smartly.
She opened her mouth to speak but shut it again, and he realized what he had said a moment too late. "Shite!" A few people turned around to look at him. "Did I say both of those things out loud?"
"A-huh," Jade answered dully.
"Eh, what  meant by that was-- never mind. Come on now, cheer up and dance," Ayden said, trying to lighten the mood and make her forget what he had just let slip.
"Do you even know how?" she questioned stubbornly.
"Yes, very well actually. Don't tell anyone else or I'll hunt you down, but I took dance lessons for a few years when I was young, and practiced in the abandoned streets at night every day afterwards," he stated matter-of-factly. "Let's hope I still haven't lost my touch."
"Are you serious? You, dancing? It's just really hard to imagine..." she laughed awkwardly. "I did dance throughout all my years of school, from my first years of elementary to the last years of high school. I don't like to toot my own horn, but toot, toot!"
Ayden bursted into laughter at this comment and pressed more words onto her. "Well, I guess we'll have to see who's better at it, because I say I'm pretty good as well." Man, do I like competition.
"It's on." The two connected automatically like links on a chain, their hands together, Jade's palm on Ayden's shoulder, and his hand on her waist. The music was still slow, and they moved back and forth with small steps, going in circles every time their feet touched the ground. The more the music picked up in pace, the larger and quicker the steps became.