
"Yeah?"
"Just let me do the talking," he said. Well then. He continued on in his loud voice. "Are we able to get to it by walking from here?" Again, a few heads nodded. "Okay. We're going to leave now. Try anything and you will all regret it." No one moved. No one said a word. Until the two began walking. They walked towards one side of the crowd, and it separated down the middle as they approached. Jade walked alongside Ayden quietly, her gun still raised in the air. They could get us anytime now...
Fortunately, no one did, and the two continued on towards the other side of the ship. It was massive, and it would probably take a while to get to their destination. As they walked Jade noticed a sound behind her, the sound of hundreds of footsteps. She glanced back and sure enough, the crowd was following. Ayden seemed to notice too, and whirled around.
"Listen guys, I don't work for the Boss anymore. You don't have to follow me around like lost puppies anymore." Maybe that wasn't the best thing for him to say. First of all, a bell went off in Jade's head. He worked for that guy?! Second of all, it seemed to upset the sailors. A rumble of muttering voices sounded throughout the crowd. Then they all looked straight at the duo. And then they began running. "Shite!" Ayden yelled, grabbing Jade by the arm and leading the way at a bullet-like speed.
I swear, this ship is shaking from all these people running at the same time. Thus, she blamed everyone behind her for why she tripped and fell. Her body hit the ground hard, but she flipped onto her back, gun raised. They weren't fazed. Jade would have to shoot. The gun was aimed at the front sailors. I can't, I can't...But I have to...
Her finger pulled the trigger and the bullet whizzed through the air, hitting one of the sailors in the stomach. He fell and the people behind him tripped over him and fell as well. Someone yanked Jade back up and she was running yet again. "You didn't hesitate this time. Good job," Ayden said, panting as he did so. Her leg was in pain again, but Jade toughed through it. Just imagine how much worse it would be if they catch you. That thought kept her going. She surely didn't want to go through anything like the "question game" ever again.
Eventually they made it to an elevator-like thing and the two quickly jumped in, closing and locking the gate once they were in. The sailors stuck their hands through the holes in the gate, squirming and reaching out. Jade squished herself against the back of the elevator as Ayden quickly poked the up button. Someone grabbed his wrist as he was stepping back, and he brought the knife down in a flash on the hand. Blood sprayed onto the walls and over their clothes, but Ayden was able to step into safety. They were pressed against the back wall as the elevator slowly crept upwards.
Hands gripped the floor and soon all Jade could see through the slowly shrinking crack were heads and hands. As the elevator finally cut off her vision of the crowd, she heard screams and shouts galore. The closer ones were painful shrieks, and she noticed that fingers were on the floor in front of her. They must've been cut off when the elevator went up past the wall. Jade was mortified, and turned around to face the wall, holding in her vomit. The shouts that sounded further away were those of defeat and anger.
The elevator looked old and there was rust around the edges of the small space and the door. Jade looked up and realized that there wasn't a roof to this elevator. Her eyes scanned the rest of the box-like space. The walls were moving. Usually in a normal elevator, it's like a box that moves up or down. This was just a platform moving up. No wonder it seems so unstable.
Sunlight finally warmed her face, the shadows in the box disappearing. The platform didn't stop until it blended in with the actual floor. Ayden and Jade stood there for a few moments, waiting for something to happen or for another group of people to begin chasing them down again. When nothing happened, they cautiously stepped off the platform and onto stable ground again. The platform began lowering back down into the ground, screeching as it disappeared into the floor.