
Jade froze. No muscle moved, no breath came out, not even blinking. She couldn't. If this man were to find out that it was her doing, she would go through the worst kind of torture he could muster up in that violent mind of his. And he wouldn't hesitate. "You must know something, you tensed up. Tell me," he demanded. She remained silent. "If you don't answer in the next thirty seconds, I'll put this in your stomach. And I'll make sure I do it slowly, so it hurts." The knife that had been used on the captive so many times before glinted in the light that was given off from the buzzing lamp above her head.
"Thirty." If you tell him, you die. If you don't, you die. What do I do?!
"Twenty-five." Jade's hands started becoming clammy and beads of sweat formed on her skin.
"Twenty." She jumped from a loud sound. Is that. . . are those sirens?
"Boss? Should we check that out?" Oliver asked, sounding worried.
"Fifteen." He ignored the sirens and continued facing his canvas of skin and flesh.
"Fourteen." Jade could hear footsteps bounding down the hall, getting closer and closer.
"Twelve." There seemed to be a scuffle happening just outside the room.
"Eleven." Strangled noises made their way through the crack under the door.
"Ten." Something thudded on the floor outside.
"Nine." The handle on the door started shaking, but it didn't open. Must be locked.
"Eight." Someone began banging on the door violently.
"Boss?" Oliver asked, only to be ignored once more.
"Seven." The banging got louder and the whole door was shaking by this point, clanging against the door frame.
"Six." Whoever was trying to open the door stopped, probably giving up.
"Five." The man in front of Jade lifted the knife and pointed the blade at her stomach.
"Four." His counting slowed down, he probably wanted to savor the moment.
"Three." Jade sucked in her stomach as the knife was brought closer to her.
"Two." The tip of the blade was touching her stomach. This is it.
"O--" The door flew off its hinges, sliding against the concrete and creating a sound similar to nails on a chalkboard. An unconscious body hit the floor when the door finally stopped moving, blood trickling down their forehead. A shoe found its way onto the body's back, and attached to that shoe was the man who had possibly just saved Jade's life.
"Ayden." His eyes locked on hers and he ran over to the man that had just been about to end her. He yanked him away from Jade and threw him to the ground. Oliver and the other guy that had been in the room charged at Ayden with their arms outstretched, probably so in an act to grab him. Ayden looked at both of them and at the last minute he jumped out of the way, causing the two to ram heads together. As they both fell to the ground holding their heads, Ayden walked over to Jade and pulled a knife out, beginning to cut the ropes that bound her feet to the chair.
"I'm glad to see you held out long enough for me to get here," he said.
"You have impeccable timing. Half a second later and I would've been a goner," Jade responded. He only smiled as he freed her feet. He stood up and began walking over to cut the ropes on her hands, but when he moved, Jade saw Oliver trying to sneak up on him with a metal pipe. "Watch out!"