
Jade clutched Ayden's arm tightly, trying to keep herself steady as the ship shook and rattled. He tried to keep her and himself from falling over as well, grabbing Jade's arm and holding onto a nearby pillar. Several people weren't as lucky as they were and fell to the ground, slipping, tripping, and being knocked over by other people that were struggling to stay on their feet. She searched the room for Ian, but saw no sign of him. Eventually, she began panicking. What if something happened to him? I need to find him! Jade's eyes scoured over the large mob of people surrounding her and she deemed it hopeless. She would just have to search for him when everyone was back on their feet.
Just as she was beginning to feel a bit queasy, the shaking ceased. Everyone began getting up again and brushed themselves off; a few were actually helping others back up. Jade started walking over to assist them but Ayden still had a tight hold on her arm. She tried tugging it away from him but he didn't show a hint of letting go anytime soon. Nevertheless, she still tried to escape his grasp. However, her efforts were interrupted by a booming voice.
"Excuse me, excuse me," a man said through a microphone.. "Calm down everyone. I need you all to evacuate and head to the deck. You'll be instructed on what to do from there. As for Jade Maliks and Ayden Crockwell, I need you both to stay here." People rushed through the room, squeezing through the doors like a group of rabbits being chased by a pack of starving wolves. Soon the room was empty. Except for three people.
Isn't that the guy from earlier, the guy with the medals? Jade cast a glance in Ayden's direction to see if he thought the same thing, but what she saw surprised her. He had his fists clenched so tight that his knuckles were white, his jaw was clenched in anguish, and his eyebrows were furrowed in fury. What's up with him?
"Now. Let's get to that talk I said we would have earlier, shall we?"
Jade stood there confused for a few seconds before recalling what this man had said to her while pinning the medal to her dress. "I've heard wonderful things about you. I hope we'll get to discuss them sometime."
A sense of worry began trickling into her bloodstream. What's this guy going to do? Actually, I don't want to find out . . . I'm leaving. "Thanks for the offer, but I really think we should be going. Right Ayden?" She pulled out of his grasp and turned the tables, grabbing his arm instead. She proceeded to pull him towards the only visible exit.
"Not so fast, Ms. Maliks. I have some things I need to say. And I'm sure you don't want to leave, do you?" the man questioned loudly, turning off the microphone and letting it rest on the podium behind him.
"Actually, I'm-pretty-fine-with-leaving-I-don't-talk-much-anyways-okay-Ayden! Come on!" Jade rushed out all in one sentence, pulling him along with her with even more force.
"I think you'll change your mind right about . . . now." The man looked straight at her and clapped his hands confidently. The dark red curtains behind him moved slowly and exposed a man and a woman both in riot gear similar to the kind worn during the riot a few weeks ago. They held long metal sticks again as well, holding them propped up against their shoulders. The two kept walking until they were standing on either side of the grinning man. Fear crept up Jade's spine and the hair on the back of her neck stood up on end. Who is this guy?
"Finn, cut the crap and at least let Jade go, she did nothing to you," Ayden demanded.
The man who Jade guessed was Finn laughed maliciously before holding his hands behind his back and staring down at the two intently. "Ayden, I admire you. Offering to be here alone to face me just to save Maliks. I know that you know why I'm after you, but neither of you know what I have against the girl." He turned his gaze to Jade. "I'll explain in a simple manner telling you why I'm after you. Let's hope you remember so I won't have to ruin your pretty little face. Ayden stopped me from doing it last time." Finn gave Ayden a glare before looking at her again. "Eleven months ago. Remember yet?"