
Jade looked at her surroundings. From where she stood, she'd be able to walk around the corner and walk through the entrance again to meet up with the rest of the Resistance. Ian wouldn't have it though. "No!" he screamed, or tried to scream. It came out in cracked shrieks. "Don't leave! Come with us!" He attempted to approach her, but River held him back and began dragging him to the vehicle. Ian didn't struggle against him. He knew Jade wasn't coming. So instead of repeating himself, he said, "Promise you'll come back."
"Ian..." Jade started.
"No! Promise!" he said hoarsely. "If you still care, and if I ever meant anything to you, promise!"
"I promise," Jade whispered.
"I can't--" he erupted into coughs. When they subsided he picked up where he left off. "Hear you!"
"I promise!" Jade dashed to the corner where she meant to go. She only turned around to see if Ian was cooperating with River. Sure enough, he was sitting on the back of the motorcycle, a strap connecting him and River so he wouldn't fall off. The masked man turned to her, held up his hand in salute, and started the engine. Jade turned around and braved the corner. She thought it strange that she found it easier to return to bloodshed than face Ian's sad features.
Through the doors she went, a serviceable pistol ready for use, and emotions refusing to dull themselves. Anger and grief went hand in hand, just like her finger on the trigger. Two Combatants tried to catch her off guard at the door, but she shot them both. Not to injure. She'd broken the rule three times now. Not wasting any time, she hollered forth: "He's safe, time to move it!"
Jade stayed at the doors, making sure each Rebel was accounted for as they passed the threshold. There was Maddox reloading one of his pistols as he ran; Tempest sitting atop Lino's shoulders, wounded; Abril galloping her way through; Kane placing his machetes back in the mounts on his back; Mathias and Logan were next, the former taking the gun from the latter; and lastly Ayden, doing likewise as Kane with his katana. Jade took the role of caboose and let the doors slam shut behind her.
Jade ran in the trail of footprints left in the snow and quickly made it next to Ayden. He didn't need to look at her to know it was her. "Did he get out?" he asked. "Why isn't he running with us?"
"River is taking him to safety," she said.
Kane butt in from the front. "Nosebleed? I thought he ditched us."
"Ditch is incorrect; just took a leave and waited for the best time to come back," Ayden said, some sense of pride in his voice. River coming back to help was proof that the leader knew how to pick his warriors.
"Ditch is correct for how we left those Combatants laying on the ground like sniveling children," Kane said. "Man, am I ready to get back--"
"There they are! Follow them!" a voice far back yelled. Jade glanced back at a small group of uniformed Combatants. The Rebels would be able to outrun them for sure, judging by the broad distance between them.
"Keep moving!" she said. They came to the cliff building and curved round the rock barrier. What they came to would slow them down to more than half their previous speed. A large mass of frozen water lay at their feet. But they had to move. Time was wasting the longer they stood and stared. "Come on!" Jade started them off, keeping a slow pace. She needed to speed up. Be quick. The faster the better. She gradually went faster, now at a slightly-faster-than-usual-walk. The others in the group dared go faster than she, Lino taking the lead and dodging certain patches of ice, all with Tempest on his shoulders. Abril was quick to match his speed. Her steps were graceful and nimble like that of a professional dancers; it was the first time Jade had seen her not bounding around in large clumsy steps.