
"That's what I would do in that situation. That's what I wish I did in that situation." Ayden tore his gaze away and looked down, breaking away from the railing. "I have to go."
As he began walking away, Jade shook her head in confusion. "What? What does that mean? Hey, where are you going?"
"Somewhere. I...need to feed the octopi. Yeah, that's what I need to do."
"But you didn't answer my question!"
"I'll answer it some other time." And with that, Ayden disappeared around a corner. But what if I never see you again?
<><><><><><>
"Jade! Why weren't you at breakfast today? I was worried sick!" Ian held Jade in a tight hug, making it difficult for her to breathe.
"Of course you were," she mumbled.
"What was that?"
"Nothing."
"Ah, well, anyways, we should start packing what little things we still have." Ian let her go, and began walking towards where their area on the deck was. "The crew supplied everyone a small pack, so we can shove your dress, my suit, and whatever else in there."
"You go ahead and do that, I have to use the little asskicker's room."
Ian chuckled. "Okay. Meet me back here when you're done."
With that dismissal, Jade power-walked to the stairs that led deeper into the fishing vessel to where the bathrooms would be. This floating contraption was extremely large, meant for massive incomes of fish. Instead, they had caught humans. The large crew would've also needed a large restroom, as to make things go "quicker." This was evident when Jade stepped inside the ladies room. It was similar to that of a school bathroom; several stalls and sinks lined the walls. A separate room would lead to showers, a place Jade had no interest in exploring.
She didn't even go there to relieve herself. Jade walked around the bathroom, checking each stall to make sure the room was completely empty. Once she finished, she went over to the main door and locked it, so that she was guaranteed loneliness for however long she pleased. After that, she took slow steps to the middle sink. She turned, facing the mirror that hung above the porcelain. I need this.
Her hands gripped the sides of the sink, and she leaned close to her reflection. It mimicked her, keeping the same blank expression and straight eye contact. The two pairs of dark green eyes had a stare off, one where neither would win, and neither would lose. Knotted black hair hung low, far past both of their shoulders, and in dire need of a brushing. Genetically tan skin, the color that caused many to mistake her for Hispanic, was tainted with scars upon scars that stretched even under the skin, scars that were yet to be made, and scars that wrapped around her conscience, around her mental and emotional well-being.
I'm torn.
Jade looked down at the hands that gripped the sink, taking a close look at the scars on those too. One of the fingers had a thick line wrapping all the way around it, probably from another chunk of glass. Veins were visible, dark blue lines pressing up against her skin, begging to be released so that they could become a beautiful red. But everything beautiful always ends up withering. That red would eventually become an ugly dark brown. And for what? Nothing.
I'm torn apart.
This is where Jade had a revelation. "What's the point?" She let go of the sink, bringing her hands in front of her face. She flipped them back and forth, back and forth. "What's the point of continuing the vow? It's only gotten me into even worse situations. I was almost choked to death. I almost died of pointless disease. I've almost gotten myself blown up a countless number of times. I've been in a situation where I've almost gotten shot pretty much each month. I was almost gutted. I almost drowned. I almost froze to death. Almost burned to death. I almost died. For twelve months, I've been on the verge of death. Hell, I bet Death is waiting just outside at this very moment."