
As Finn walked past Ayden to get back to where he started, he gave him a sideways glance and smiled menacingly. He then proceeded to face forward with a blank expression. "Thank you for that, Mr. Oyel. Much appreciated indeed. Anyone open for giving a speech?" the man with the microphone asked.
"I'll go," a cheery voice said beside Ayden. It was Sixtine, but she looked different since the last time he had seen her. She had a much more prominent tan, and she had dyed her hair a dark blonde color. She was wearing a dark blue dress ending a few inches above the knees, and it was a little too exposing. Ayden looked out into the crowd and noticed that the majority of the men there were staring directly at her, eyes slightly larger than normal. A few women noticed this too, and smacked their husbands and boyfriends. Or maybe even sons, because, let's be honest, these ladies were way too old for some the men here.
She strutted along the stage and took the microphone in her own hands. "Okay, where should I start? How's about since I was born?"
For the next half hour she explained her "horrible" past, including how her parents had been killed. In Ayden's opinion it wasn't that bad, people died everyday. His parents had died when he was at an early age and he was left to fend for himself in the streets, protecting himself from thieves and murderers. At one point he had even been kidnapped, but thankfully a kind lady he had known over the years had known that something was up and called the police. Ayden bit his lip in worry, wondering where she was now. I hope she's alright.
"Okay, that was . . . interesting. Can we move on to when you met Jade and Ayden?" Even Finnian seemed to be losing his patience.
"Oh yes! I was just getting there. I was throwing crates off of a ledge and she popped up, holding a gun to my head. She threatened me but I convinced her not to shoot with my cunning ways. She was completely oblivious as someone came up behind her, but fortunately I saved her with my skills. We then made a pact and began brutally attacking sailors as they approached us. Jade did it more brutally though. Then Ayden called for her and asked who I was, very rudely in fact. Once we got in the helicopter, they both began screaming at each other because neither knew how to fly. However. . ." She batted her eyelashed innocently. "I knew how and offered politely. Ayden demanded for me to begin flying and I, intimidated by their harshness, took us to the air. We then got to where we are now, thanks to my idea of making a sign. I even added 'United as one' at the bottom. Clever, right?"
"Hey, that's not what happened at all!" Ayden defended. "You know damn well that the note at the bottom was Jade's work, and I'm the one that came up with the sign idea."
"And we weren't rude at all, I did not threaten you, and I'm not brutal!" Jade added.
Sixtine tsked. "Oh my, I didn't mean to anger you two. You're talking nonsense now because of it. Dear, oh dear."
"We're not talking nonsense!" Jade and Ayden said in unison. I knew I couldn't trust Sixtine. I tried telling Jade, but no. He looked over at Lea and Brad, but they were making googly eyes at each other. Then he looked at Rick, begging for backup with a pleading look in his eyes. He seems like a sensible person. Come on, help us!
He sighed and stepped forward. "Look, I know Jade. She wouldn't threaten anyone unless she felt she had to. Same goes for defending herself. Trust me, she's helped everyone that's needed help. Remember that New York incident ten months ago? She was on the spot, doing all she could. Don't make her seem like the bad guy here," Rick said.
Sixtine looked at Rick with anguish on her face, but quickly masked it with a shining smile. "Of course. I may have over-exaggerated some parts, but it still happened. I'll apologize later when you've all calmed down." She stepped off the stage and walked to the exit. Just before she left, she looked back at Jade and Ayden with revenge in her eyes. She turned on her heels and wheeled out of the room. The doors slammed shut behind her and everyone returned to watching the team members and ally. What did we do to make her hate us so much?