
Lea's hands still felt chilled to the bone from the experience, and she gripped tightly onto a mug of hot chocolate. Blankets were draped over her lap as she sat in a small area on the deck. She had gotten a place right next to the ledge of the large fishing boat they were on, and small droplets of water tended to land on her, freezing her skin.
Lea wouldn't have minded her stay there, if she didn't see Ian and Jade everywhere she looked. The need to say something to them scratched at her mind and conscience, begging for her to gain the willpower to go up to them. No matter how much she tried, nothing could force her to go up to them. Lea knew this would kill her slowly and painfully as long as she remained in a quiet, unforgiving shell. At the moment, it didn't seem like such a bad thing.
Unsurprisingly, Jade and Ian walked out into her peripheral vision and Lea turned her head towards them. They were hand in hand, leaning into each other and it seemed like they were having a pretty good time despite the circumstances.
Lea sighed and felt her eyes slightly dampen. James always used to be the person she would go to when she was upset, or angry, or had any other problems. When he had died, Lea felt that she had no choice other than to keep everything to herself. So that's what she did. Little did she know that when she started, it would slowly tear her apart piece by piece until there was nothing holding her back and she would just snap.
The realization that Lea needed to open up to someone had come to her a while ago, but she had been easily ignoring it. Until now. She knew it would be one of the most difficult things she'd have to do. Not only would it be hard to get comfortable with someone, but that same person would have to be comfortable around Lea. People knew her as the crazy one, the violent one, and many other names describing her personality. No one would want to hear her ramble on about problems, especially after knowing the things she had done.
No one cares. Lea pulled her knees up to her chest and buried her face in between them. No one ever will care.
The feeling of someone touching her back caused Lea to sit straight in alertness. Call it instinct if you will but she considered it paranoia. She swiveled her head around to meet the gaze of Brad. He still kept his hand gently placed on her shoulder and held a warm smile. Lea immediately felt a calming sensation come over her and she let out the breath she had been holding.
"What's wrong? You look like you were just on the brink of tears. The last thing we need is more water to add to the ocean," Brad joked.
Snorting, Lea pulled the blanket more over her legs and patted the ground next to her. Brad looked down at her and grinned before sitting on the blanket-covered ground. "So. Tell me what's got you down."
Lea fiddled her fingers, not making eye contact. "I am perfectly fine."
"No you're not. I'm not stupid, just tell me. You can tell me anything." Lea looked up at him slowly. He gave another reassuring smile as he spoke. "I care."
It hit her like a freight train, right in the feels spot. Except this freight train was actually made out of clouds and allowed Lea to just lose herself into the fog. His voice repeated in her mind. "I care. I care." Someone cares...
Lea lowered her head to the hands resting on her lap, letting out a relieved breath. "You care?"
"Of course I care. Why else would I have described your gushing forehead to keep you entertained in the hospital?" They both shared a small chuckle, bringing a sense of lightness to the atmosphere. Brad slid his hand across the blanket they sat on, taking Lea's fidgety hand in his calloused one. "Tell me what's wrong. You don't have a choice. You kind of owe me too, I hate hospitals."