
As soon as Jade's feet left the slippery ice and found stable ground, a tsunami of relief washed over her. The last thing she needed was to fall on her gluteus maximus in front of everyone accompanying her on Mission Impossible to remove Ian from the clutches of the Combatants. She could only imagine how they'd think of her reliability in action if that were to happen.
Every Rebel had come. Kane walked to her left, a blood-red cloak concealing his features like always; machetes waited in their sheaths on his back. They were recently sharpened, which Jade knew only from seeing him at work in the makeshift armory that had been set up in the underground. Ayden took the place on her right. His hair constantly moved to and fro from the slight breeze that followed the group, exposing the reddened scar every couple seconds. He had brought along "'Ole Pride-and-Joy," or Paj for short. Yes, he had named his katana.
He must be really attached to that thing, Jade thought. I've gotten attached to a couple materialistic things in my lifetime, but not to an extent to where I felt the need to give it an identity. She shrugged. But I ain't judging.
Maddox and Mathias walked directly behind Ayden. An occasional giggle came from the two, but no other disturbances were created. At least, not that she knew of. In fact, Jade was pretty sure she could discern one from the other. She had noticed that Mathias became annoyed far more easily than his twin. Maddox was the more impatient of the two; he had been tossing a bullet in the air and catching it repeatedly for the past twenty minutes. Not only that, but, despite them both being clowns, Maddox seemed more immature. From what Jade had seen, he was always the last one to give up on a prank. Once she had walked in on his brother lecturing him on how he didn't know when to stop.
That and one of them parted their hair on the left and the other on the right.
Further back, Tempest and Lino discussed amongst themselves. Tempest tapped her chin with an arrow from her crossbow as she walked. Lino expertly navigated thin patches of ice, seemingly without trying, as if he had done that every day of his life. Who knew, maybe he had. The two refused to give much information about their lives during or before the war. Ayden tried to get something out of them at first, but gave up a couple weeks in. Not even he could crack them. Jade wondered if maybe she could.
Beside those two were Abril and, shockingly, Logan. Ayden had been beyond hesitant to let him come. When Logan first asked, the leader had given a straight-up "no." A few pleads later, he had cracked just a little. But that was all it took. Another Rebel had come to the rescue, stating the more people, the better. Logan could be a lookout of sorts, if anything. Something Ayden wouldn't let pass was giving him a weapon. The young boy looked like he was on top of the world now, a smile filling his features. Maybe he could've used the fresh air.
Abril looked the same as usual, eye patch and all, caught up in cheerful conversation with Logan. Every now and then he twitched and almost slipped, but she was there to catch him. When everyone had conquered the frozen lake, his steps matched his grin, crunching into a tightly packed quilt of snow.
Jade broke from the front to return to the rock barrier she had used for cover when rescuing the group. No, I didn't rescue them. I was a distraction so they could get their bearings back. She climbed with ease and peeked over the top. The cliff building was there. But the bodies previously abandoned on the cold ground weren't. Someone must've moved them. That only meant that someone else had come through there. She hoped that it hadn't been someone they'd encounter anytime soon.
After climbing down she had jogged to catch up to the front and they continued. Soon the cliff building was no longer visible. A new building took its place up ahead, although significantly different from what they encountered previously. This one wasn't built into anything; it stood on its own without the support of rock, four stories high, a few large glass windows scattered about on all but the first. It wasn't anything too special. But what hid behind those two metal doors was all mystery, and that made Jade's stomach twist in unease.