
Approaching Ayden at an unimaginable speed, Finn held the knife in the air, with his elbow bent slightly. At the last minute, Ayden lifted the bread in front of his face. Finn swung the knife down swiftly, cleanly chopping the loaf into two halves. The top part slowly tipped forward before falling to the ground with a quiet pat.
Ayden stood wide-eyed, staring at the remaining chunk of bread in his hand as Finn kicked the piece on the ground away. Realizing that he posed a threat once more, Jade grabbed Ayden's arm and began pulling him backwards. They were inching back to where they had started, surrounded by counters again. Finn took his good-old time following the allies deeper into the kitchen. When it got to the point where their backs were pressed against the cool metal, Jade clutched onto Ayden's arm.
"Give up. At least one of you won't get out of this. And I'll be honest, I have no idea which one of you that will be," Finn said, shrugging his shoulders.
Jade's fury was bubbling up inside of her as if a witch had thrown all of the potions in her stomach, creating a dangerous concoction called madness. This guy needs to shut up! Jade spread her hands along the cool surface behind her, trying to wipe some of the sweat off of her clammy hands. Another object decided to find its way in her path, causing her to turn around to see what it was. A cast iron frying pan was laying motionless on the large kitchen island.
Jade would've looked at it longer trying to think of how she could use it to her advantage, when a loud boom came from the other side of the room. All three looked in the direction of the noise. The stove on the other side of the room had caught fire, the same stove that Finn had tossed his gun at. Flames licked at the wall, quickly turning the pristine white walls into vulgar brown and black spots, emitting a sickening black smoke.
Taking this precious time while Finn had his back turned, Jade snatched the frying pan up and gripped the handle tightly. Holding it poised above her head like a baseball bat, she took small, gentle steps towards Finn. No more cardboard cut-outs.
Jade swung the pan with all of her might at his head. He collapsed to the ground holding his head with both hands and howling in pain. "You--!"
She cut off his sentence by letting the pan slip out of her hands and onto his shoulder. "We need to move, now!"
Ayden stood dumbfounded for a moment before coming to his senses again. "Right. Let's go." He trailed behind Jade as they passed by Finn. She jogged over to the door and placed a hand on the door. Turning around one last time, she saw Ayden still standing over Finn. Jade cleared her throat, catching his attention. He held up a finger, signalling for just one minute.
"At least you won't go hungry," he said down at Finn. After throwing the chunk of bread that had been in his hand down at Finn harshly, he turned back to Jade and began jogging to catch up. The two pushed open the door together and began running down yet another endless corridor, leaving Finn far behind to fend for himself. Pathetic rat got what he deserved. He started this whole mess, and hopefully I'll be able to end this in peace. He's changed me, and he'll pay ten times worse if I ever see him again after today.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A/N: Nothing better than a badass food fight. Picture on the side: the French bread used. The very loooong French bread. Video: Stumbling in Your Footsteps - Get Scared. I feel like it fits how Finn feels about Ayden, or maybe his opinion on the job that was stolen from him... I don't know. Ignore my blabbering.  Anywho, please leave a vote if you enjoyed! (Q: Give me your opinions on Finnian Oyel?)