
Ayden took a step back and surveyed what he had to work with, lips pursed. "We'll need to bust it open with something. Start looking, those weirdos will be here soon."
"Is this really necessary? Can't we just hide somewhere else?"
Ayden faced her, arms crossed. "Would you like looking for somewhere else? A couple of 'em have already crossed the street." Jade looked back at the road to see that his statement was true. "If you don't want to go in, that's perfectly fine. But just know that if you don't, I'm going in without you so you can fend for yourself and see that I made the better decision. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a door to bust." He brushed past her and began picking through the bushes, looking for something to carry out his intentions.
Jade could only watch and think. No wonder he's got so many people rallying behind him. He may be rash but he can give a good word to convince.
He exited the brush, this time holding a large branch. It looked like a mangled baseball bat more than a tree limb. Ayden approached the door and held the branch behind his head much like a baseball player would. With one quick movement, the glass in the door shattered to pieces, giving them a safe entrance. Of course, alarms went off signalling a break-in. "What are we going to do about the sirens? Police will be here any minute, and then you can say good-bye to introducing me to your little buds," Jade said.
"I've got it covered, calm down. Now, are you coming or not?" Ayden didn't wait for her answer and slipped through the now useless door, already heading down the darkened hallway. Jade gave him a skeptical look, but eventually stepped inside right behind him.
It was even more eerie being inside, rather than just looking in. Shadows concealed them both, only to be whisked away by a fluorescent light every now and then. Bars blocked off the small stores inside, pitch black beyond a certain point. The faint smell of snack remains came from what was supposedly the food court, closed not too long ago. Jade's stomach rumbled, and she noticed for the first time in hours just how hungry she was. Maybe I can snatch something out of the garbage cans. She snorted. How convenient it would be if we had to hide in them. Last meals consisting of half eaten pretzels and fly-infested Chinese food.
"Stay here. I'm going to take care of that night guard over there," Ayden said, interrupting Jade's pointless thoughts. He crept around the corner and continued walking towards a man in a black uniform. The man's back was turned, and it looked as though he had headphones on. No wonder he can't hear the alarms. Thank goodness for others ignorance.
It seemed that Ayden noticed this too, and he switched from a slow prowl to a normal walk. Soon he stood directly behind the oblivious man. His closeness and silence made him seem like a part of the mall, another disturbing addition to the eeriness. For a moment he did nothing, only stood there examining his target from up close. The man took a few steps forward, but Ayden did not follow. The man had stepped up to a bench and bent over, picking something up from it. Ayden acted immediately and stuck his leg out. The foot pushed the man's rear harshly, and he fell forward. His face rammed against the wooden bench, and a groan was audible.
Ayden lunged forward and grabbed the back of the man's shirt, yanking him up to his feet. He now faced his attacker, and looked right, then left. He yanked off his headphones and held them in front of him with shaking arms. "Here, you want these? Take them. And here." He dug through his pocket and pulled out a wallet, offering those in his other hand. "Take this too. There's a couple hundred in there. Just don't hurt me!"