
Ian turned his back to the frightful image and rested his elbows on his knees. His head rested in soft hands, and he covered his eyes. The loss of sight seemed to enhance Ian's other senses, making the sounds more distinct, the smells more prominent, and the warmth felt like it was seeping into his skin. Ian went into his own little trance, making up the worst possibilities of what might be happening while he sat there, safe. So many other people were endangered, and he was sitting there in place of someone else's life. So much guilt poured inside the deepest pits of his conscience and he wanted to curl up into the darkest corners of the boat and just disappear for good. That wasn't an option though, there wasn't a place where he could just be alone. There never was. His thoughts always accompanied him.
<><><><><><>
It seemed like hours of pure torture. Ian wasn't in any physical pain, but mentally and emotionally he was destroyed. The sounds had escalated and dropped at the snap of a finger, just like that. Once they felt that they were far away enough from the demolished ship, someone had turned off the lifeboat controls and now they were just sitting there, watching the scene play out. Well, most of them. Ian couldn't bring himself to face any of it and remained in his shrunken cocoon. The  happiness that the young child had given him before had diminished entirely, and it seemed the same for everyone else seated around.
How can they watch this happen? Is it like a show to them? Ian felt anger boil inside of him, but told himself to calm down. They're probably just in shock . . . no need to get mad over this . . . He just wanted to leave this place and go home with Jade. They could forget any of this ever happened and continue where their lives had left off.
Somewhere deep inside of him, he knew that things would never be the same again, but he buried it beneath positive thoughts. We'll go home, and go to college, then we'll get jobs and I'll propose to her, and we'll have an amazing wedding, and maybe even have kids. We'll grow old and watch our kids grow up. We'll watch them succeed and once it's her time to go, I'll go too. Ian's thoughts brought the shadow of a smirk to his face and a small sense of excitement for the future stirred in his stomach.
Ian's wistful mind gave him strength, and he looked up. He still had my back to the ship, but now he could stare at the grim waves rising up and down gently. His eyes scanned over the waves, bringing a calming sensation over him.
He almost missed it. Two objects were floating around in the water only a few feet away. Ian leaned forward slightly so he could get a better look at them. They were getting closer and he realized what it was. There were two heads coming their way.
"Hey, look there!" Ian pointed to the water and heads turned to see what he was talking about. A few gasps came from the traumatized people.
"Are they dead?" one person asked.
"What do we do if they are?" another questioned.
"Will we bring them in?"
"Who are they?"
"What do--"
"Pull us in, please," a familiar voice requested quietly. Ian knew exactly who it was and stood up faster than an Olympic track runner. Half-tripping over people, he made his way to the edge of the lifeboat. He clutched the side and looked over. There, shivering in the freezing waters, was his Jade. There was also some guy there, but two people beside Ian were already working to pull him into the boat. Ian flung an arm out and she took hold of it. It was an incredible feat trying to get her aboard, and someone came over to help pull her in. Each of them had a hold on her arm and they hauled her in. She was soaked, dripping, and shivering.