
As his hands slid through the wet liquid, he felt something solid brush against his fingertips. It was lost for a second, but was regained when it pricked a curious index finger. Ayden's hands immediately grasped the handle of the knife that Finn had left so carelessly on the floor. He wrapped his bony fingers around it, holding onto it for dear life. If he could see his hands right now, he would bet that the knuckles were white from squeezing it so hard.
Finn glanced over at him for a few seconds, mumbled something inaudible under his breath, and continued looking for the perfect thing to puncture skin with. Knowing how picky he was, this might take a while. You're indecisiveness will be the death of you someday.
Ayden held his breath as he turned the knife around in his hands, trying to get it in a position where he could cut these damned ropes. Fortunately, he avoided cutting himself in the process. Finn whipped back towards him and Ayden froze. He rose an eyebrow and walked over to him. One of the hands he had been obscuring behind his back appeared in front of him, holding an object that Ayden had never seen before. There really didn't seem to be anything else in the world like it. It was unique, strange, and most of all, very dangerous looking. It reminded him of those claws in that game where you tried to grab a stuffed animal or toy, and 98% of the time it was just a waste of money. Except a lot more violent. The tips of the claws were sharpened and the whole thing was pristine, as if it had never been used or tarnished by another persons blood.
Finn grabbed the handles of both the claw-things and pulled, detaching them from each other. He laid one half on the cart and held the remaining half in front of Ayden's face. "Let's try this first. I've picked a few others I'd like to try so don't die on me too soon." He chuckled. "And since you won't answer any questions about yourself or what I actually want to know anytime soon, I'll ask other questions and maybe you'll be willing to answer everything. First up." He waved the claw-thing in front of his face, bringing it dangerously close to Ayden's eye. He simply sat there for a minute, thinking of something to ask. A high-pitched scream sounded from down the hall. He smirked. "What's that Jade chicks full name and where's she from? And why is she involved with you?" He's going to die. They're all going to fecking pay! Calm down, calm down . . . you'll deal with them later. No weakness, remember?
"If I'm still aware of how to do math correctly, that's three questions, not one. Bright one you are." A slight pinch found it's way onto Ayden's arm and it didn't go away. He looked down and sure enough Finn had that claw pressed onto it. Ayden sighed. "Not a good answer, huh?" Finn nodded. "Okay. Jade is, well, just Jade. I'm not sure of much else. So you can just move onto the next question."
"I'm not an idiot, Ayden. When you weren't off practicing treason, you were always in your office on that computer, looking up who knows what. But if I recall I did see something about a Jade pulled up on your screen. And it wasn't just some regular news website either. You had one of those classified information hard-drives plugged in. Am I correct?" Finn raised an eyebrow.
"You have an astounding memory considering you're, well, you." This time his arm felt a sharp pain. Trickles of blood slid down his bicep, reminding him of the bullet that had skimmed him earlier.
"So that's a yes? You still answered untruthfully, and now I'll return the favor." He drew the claw back, far back, and sent it zooming deep into Ayden's arm. He screamed out as red liquid spurted into the air. "I'm told that hurts." He yanked it out and wiped the side of the claw on Ayden's cheek, the moist substance sticking to the side of his face in three crimson streaks.