
"Thanks, George, and now we have recently been informed on the recent conflicts between the United States and what used to be the Republic of Ireland. The small country has been neutral in international military affairs since the 1930's, but has always been a point of debate for certain topics. We see a change in that now, with the alliances they are rushing to create with stronger countries. News of a threat-"
Muffled shouts coming from outside the building caught Jade's attention and she faced the glass double doors, trying to get a better look at what was happening. The sounds got louder and more prominent and soon she was able to pick out certain words before two men came into her view; they were in some sort of scuffle just outside. One of them retreated into the safety of the shop and the other followed soon after.
The man that had come in first, whom Jade decided to refer to as Man #1, wasn't looking where he was going and tripped backwards over a chair that hadn't been pushed in. He slipped trying to regain his footing and fell back over the chair, his back hitting the floor, and legs resting on the seat of the chair. The ruckus caused a few people from the back to cautiously step out to catch what was happening.
"This is what happens when scum like you decide to put me behind schedule!" The standing guy, Man #2, crouched down close to the other man's face and pulled his arm back, as if to pummel the defenseless man on the ground.
Out of the pure sake of her Promise, Jade dashed from the safety of the counter and leaped onto Man #2's back just before he slammed his fist down. This caught him off guard long enough for Man #1 to scramble further into the shop. Jade wrapped her arms around Man #2's neck and dug her nails into his skin, leaving half-circled imprints.
"Get off!" the man shouted, violently shaking back and forth in attempts to rid himself of the woman.
"You will not hurt him! I don't care what he did!" Jade shot back loudly in his ear. He flinched slightly and finally managed to shake her off his shoulders, causing her to slip off and hit the ground with a soft thump. Man #2 took his chance and ran over to Man #1, who was backed away into the corner. Strength over-passed weakness, and soon the more vulnerable of the two was pressed against the wall with a hand to his throat.
Jade slowly got back to her feet and sneaked over to them with quiet feet. As she got closer she saw the faintest of disturbing smiles on Man #2's face as he held the others life in his own hands. I have to save this kid. It's evident that no one else here will. So, she straightened her back and whistled, then waited for him to turn around. As soon as he did so, she swung her leg up as high as she could and kicked him straight in the jaw. His grip on the other mans throat was lost, and his balance was wobbly as he stumbled backwards. Something tripped him on the way, and he crashed into the counter. Glass gave way underneath him and soon his rear was stuck in one of the ice cream tubs, particularly the mint chocolate chip.
Jade crouched down to Man #1 to make sure he was still breathing and, well, alive. His eyelids were still blinking, so she assumed so. "Can you stand?" she asked. The man shook his head, which then lolled to the side. Her eyes widened and she reached out a hand to check for a pulse. Just as she was bringing her fingers to his neck, she was shoved harshly away.
A pain flared up in her arm as it made contact with the ground. She tried to ignore it and sat up, only to be roughly pushed down again. Man #2 towered above her now, and she wondered if this is what it was like for the now unconscious man earlier. This terrifying being then sat atop her, preventing her from getting up and also leaving traces of mint chocolate chip on her jeans. Her hands were stuck under his legs too, so she couldn't use those to defend herself.