
Ayden moved in haste out of the room and down the stairs, and before he knew it he was pushing open the door to the Centre. He regretted his actions as soon as he entered. I shouldn't have left her like that. God, I'm an idiot!
When he saw a certain masked figure leaning against a wall in the room, all thoughts fled. I have to act like a leader now. Welcome him. Ayden grinned and took slow steps towards the middle of the room, where the flaming trashcan sat. "Hello, River. I'm glad you decided to join us." Now apologize. "I'm sorry we had to keep you locked up for so long in there, but it's protocol for...certain situations."
The black hockey mask was directed at him, tilted down in the slightest. Menacing. River had his arms crossed over his black sweatshirt and a leg bent at the knee, the bottom of his shoe pressed against the wall. Offer. "I'm sure you're pretty hungry. Want something?" River's shoulders bobbed up once.
Out of the corner of his eye, Ayden saw Logan pick up a small can and begin to walk over to the mystery. His steps were slow, and his arms twitched every now and then. Sloshes were audible every time the hand holding the can jerked. Ayden tensed up when Logan stopped only a few inches away from River. The other did the same, watching in curiosity and caution. The young boy outstretched his arm, which twitched consecutively, and waited. Everyone waited. Everyone was on edge. What will he do? Will he lash out, will he take it? At last, River reached over and plucked the can out of his hand and gave Logan a small nod, a gesture of thanks. Ayden thought he saw the faint outline of a smile forming on Logan's face. I wasn't lying when I said everyone loved him. The boy scurried back over to his spot on an overturned crate, and Ayden sat down next to him.
"Anything I miss?" Ayden asked.
"Not m-m-much. Abril kept babbling about h-how cool that guys' m-mask was. That sums it u-up." Ayden gave him a soft smile, and he did the same. "Where's J-Jade?"
Just then, the door creaked open, revealing none other than Jade herself. Her dark green eyes flitted around the room, lingering a bit longer on River than anything else. She slowly moved to the center of the Centre, and placed herself down on an unoccupied crate next to Logan. He handed a can of peaches and a ham sandwich to her, which she accepted with a half-smile. As she bit into the bread, her eyes landed on Ayden. He saw disappointment.
He suddenly wasn't hungry anymore.
"Alright, now that everyone's in here," he said, standing up, "I think it's time we start planning." He kept his back to her and faced the trashcan instead, focusing on the oranges and yellows that spurted out every other second.
"Planning for what?" Lino asked, a forkful of beans in his mouth.
"We can't just sit here while the Combatants are out there doing who knows what. We need to think while they scheme."
"Combawhatants?" Lino swallowed his beans. "Look, I don't know what any of this means."
"Tempest will explain it to you later," Ayden said. Tempest rolled her eyes and nudged Lino playfully. "What I'm trying to say is that we need to hit them, and we need to hit them hard." He paused. "There's a building in the city. It's being rented out by Combatants; I found something where we found Lino." Ayden reached into his pocket and pulled out a folded scrap of paper. He didn't open it, though, only held it in front of him. "It has all the information we need. We have the who, what, when, and where. We just need the how."