
Lea let a small grin inch onto her face, but it fell like an anchor dropping into sea. "Okay. I'll tell you."
"That's more like it." He rubbed his thumb along the back of her hand, making it easier to speak.
Lea kept her gaze on the intertwined hands. I used to do this with James when I'd tell him my problems. She closed her eyes and let out a shaky breath. "A few years back, I had a very good friend. Let's call him Bobo. You see, Bobo was someone I had completely opened up to, he knew everything about me. Nothing was ever hidden. We'd do everything together. When someone would invite him somewhere, he'd always say, 'Sorry, can't, hanging out with Lea today!' Then he'd turn to me once they left and say, 'Today and every other day.' It made him a very special person in my life. No one except him appreciated me, no one except him understood me. And some days, I think he was the only person who ever will, ever has."
"Was? Where is he now?"
Lea swallowed. "I'm getting there. As I was saying, we were very close. One day, we went out. We were on our way to a sports competition. Everything seemed so perfect, like nothing could ever go wrong. The sun was shining so bright, not a cloud in the sky. Hell, I can still smell the freshly mowed grass. Anyways, Bobo was driving, I was in the seat next to him. We came to an intersection, not many cars were on the road that day. Jam--I mean, Bobo, waited patiently at the stop sign, looking both ways. Two other cars were in the other parts of the intersection; one was to our right, the other was straight ahead. We continued sitting in our spot, not moving. It wasn't Bobo's fault ..."
Lea didn't even realize that she was crying until Brad lifted his free hand up to her face, wiping away the salty droplets with his thumb. She continued with the story. "It all happened so fast, the cars collided, one was sent into us, and Bobo..." Lea broke down. Sobs escaped her, wailing loudly, and tears streaked down her cheeks.
Brad moved quickly, as if on instinct, pulling Lea into a hug. Well, as good as a hug can be while sitting down. "It's okay. I understand well enough what happened. You don't have to--"
"That's not why I was upset earlier. I need to finish." Lea looked up, moist eyes boring into Brad's face.
He hesitated before nodding. "Okay. Keep going then."
"Right." Lea wiped her eyes with a corner of the blanket. "Anyways. where was I...ah, fuck it. I'll get to the point. So, I blamed the wrong person for the death of Bobo...sounds like a low-budget drama movie. A shitty one at that. I've been blaming the same person for his death, the wrong person. And now I feel like some vile, idiotic, crazed, poop-slinging gorilla. The end."
Brad raised an eyebrow as Lea crossed her arms over her chest, sticking her nose in the air. The crying is bad for my reputation. "Why don't you find them and apologize, then? I'm sure we can find their name and phone number somewhere, you can ask to meet up once we get back to--"
"They are on this floating death-trap as we speak."
Brad stood up, pulling Lea up with him. "Then let's go find them! If it will make you feel better, I'll come with you."
"It's not that simple." Lea pulled her arm out of Brad's grasp and made her way over to the boat's ledge, looking out to the grey sky and dull waves lapping against the side. "I've been in their presence for months now, treating them like they don't deserve to live. And that's exactly what I thought too. It should have been them, not Bobo."