
Jade pondered this in her head carefully. What if he does something bad? I can't risk not being able to get back to the helicopter once it gets here. Either I'm up against a mob of people and gun-men, or one guy who may or may not be some ruthless killer...
"The clock's ticking," Ayden said.
Jade took in a deep breath, closing her eyes. I'm going to regret this, aren't I? She opened her eyes, looking Ayden straight in the eye with her green ones. "I'll go with you."
He smiled clapped his hands together. "Great. Now, here's the game plan. I'll lead the way, stay as close to me as you can. If we get separated we're goners. Here, through this back door." They stepped through the small doorway into the afternoon sunlight yet again. Well, if you can even call this sunlight. The sun was sinking below the horizon quickly, ten times faster than it had that morning. Ayden continued leading the way through the street at a leisurely pace. They needed to look as inconspicuous as possible. Not to mention saving their energy for later. Just in case.
As they turned the corner, Jade thought she heard the faint sound of voices. She had heard correctly. There were tons of riot men prodding a crowd of people with whatever they had to keep them back. Jade and Ayden stood in the street behind them as someone in the crowd tackled a man. The well-armed guards immediately took action, lifting him up and beating him harshly. This caused mayhem in the crowd and they all began to push each other into the riot-men. And, as they had done with the other man, the riot-men began thwacking the mob with their weaponry. Jade heard the sickening sound of bone cracking even from where she was standing, and whimpered.
Someone must've heard her quiet sound, because one of the riot-men turned around and pointed in her direction. Three other riot-men turned on their heels and charged after Ayden and Jade. They stumbled while turning the corner and ran straight ahead as fast as their long legs could carry them. Of course, who wouldn't in that situation? Jade risked a glance back and saw the men with their guns holstered on their backs, they had the same black, same-purpose, hard-looking sticks in hand. The faces they were making at her and her new partner though . . .
Jade faced forward again with those expressions engraved in her mind. She was so lost in thought about them that she must've missed a cue from Ayden, which caused him to resort to yanking her into an alleyway due to her not paying attention. He had his hand cupped over her mouth just in-case she would've screamed, which she didn't. Jade flicked his hand and he took it away. Loud footsteps echoed not far from them, and the two smashed their bodies against the brick wall of the darkened crevice, blending in with the shadows. The pounding steps subsided and Jade risked peering around the corner to see if they had left.
Nothing was there, at least, no police-like men hunting anyone down. There were a few random people on the street that were stumbling with their arms full of what were most-likely stolen goods. Plenty of store and house windows were busted and doors were minimized to pitiful piles of splinters. Ayden yanked Jade back yet again, dragging her deeper into the alley. "Ow. Ow, ow, ow. Loosen your grip, will you?" she complained.
"Shush. Someone'll hear us," he whispered, but he did loosen his grip a bit. He stopped once the two were somewhere in the middle of the alley. "Up there," he pointed above his head to a metal, rust-laden ladder. "I'll boost you."
He crouched down and cupped his hands. "Are you sure? How are you going to get up after me?" Jade asked.
"Just go. And I've gotten up there plenty of times before on my own," he responded. Jade eyed him warily before placing a single foot on on his cupped hands. She was sprung into the air and clutched at the rungs of the ladder, struggling to pull herself up. After climbing for a short amount of time, she ended up on a flat metal surface with stairs running along the brick wall. Is this a fire escape? I think so. Let's call it that. Ayden appeared beside her not a moment later and stepped passed her, beginning to trek up the dark, unstable stairs.