
Ayden was in shock. He looked down at Jade with a gaping jaw. "What, how--"
"Just go. Hurry." She reached out an arm and pushed him through the window, and she heard the thud his body made against the floor on the other side. Out of curiosity, she looked down to see how far away the riot-men were. Only half a flight away! "Okay, time to haul ass!"
Jade threw her body through the window, a few shards of glass that was still attached to the window pane nipping her skin. She breathed in sharply as she landed on a pile of glass chunks the size of pencil erasers. Ayden lifted her up off the floor, brushing a hand against her back to wipe away the loose pieces of glass hitching a ride on her clothing. They both looked up to observe their surroundings to see an old lady with her eyes practically bulging out of her head, in the middle of knitting what Jade guessed was a scarf. "Uh...sorry for the intrusion ma'am..." she said slowly.
"Don't mind us, just running for our lives. Cheerio!" Ayden said, saluting her and grabbing Jade's arm again, dragging her to the nearest door. He flung it open only to be greeted by a bald man on a toilet who's no-no square was only covered by an oddly positioned newspaper. "Sorry sir!" Ayden yelled, slamming the door shut again.
"Excuse me ma'am, can you tell us where the front door is?" Jade politely asked the old woman. She pointed a shaky finger to a door. Jade thanked her briefly and ran to it, flinging it open and running out with Ayden on her heels. She could hear deep voices and rustling once they exited, knowing it was the riot-men. There was a loud bang, and she closed her eyes as she sprinted down the hallway of what was presumably a hotel.
"Wait, wait. This way," Ayden whispered. There was an unnumbered door and he twisted the doorknob, flinging it open and dragging Jade along with him before shutting it softly. It was pitch black in there and Ayden linked his arm with Jade's, so they wouldn't lose each other to the darkness. Not thinking clearly, Jade jogged in one direction blindly. Of course, this only led to her tripping and falling flat on her face, Ayden landing right on top of her.
"Eh, sorry about that! Then again, it was your fault we fell, so I think you owe me an apology." Jade rolled her eyes at his remark, not that he could see it.
"Sorry then, you big baby. What did I land on anyways? It's bumpy."
Not bothering to get up, Ayden ran his hands along what Jade was laying on. She coughed, an indirect gesture telling him to get up. Apparently he didn't catch it. Guys. "I think you landed on a set of stairs. Good going, maybe running around like a blind woman does good for you after all."
Ayden jumped to his feet and grasped Jade's arm, jerking her to her feet. I'm probably going to have red marks all over my arm after this. He slid his hand down to her wrist, making for easier movement as they both dashed up the steps. Releasing his grip for a moment, he took a head-start and rammed his shoulder into the door that waited patiently at the top of the stairs. It flew off it's hinges, throwing Ayden off guard and making him fall on the door on his side. Jade watched from inside the stairwell as he  scrambled back to his feet and brushed himself off. His head slowly looked off in the distance, and he froze. His eyes were practically popping out of his head, mouth trying to form words but making none. He swallowed, craning his head back to look at Jade with sorrowful eyes. An orange glare glinted off his piercing blue eyes and the side of his pale face, curiosity spurring in Jade's mind the longer she stared at him. She tilted her head at him, raising an eyebrow before stepping fully out onto the roof to look at what had made him look so . . . heartbroken.