
"Not anymore . . .we have a little change of plans," he whispered ominously.
Jade stopped in her tracks and looked up at him. "What do you mean? We were told to observe and leave."
"Oh well, they're just going to have to deal with my decision."
"Do Lea and Rick know whatever you're about to do?" Jade asked.
He paused."Doesn't matter. Follow me."
Jade followed his orders even though she was skeptical of them, and snuck through a narrow path behind the tanks, where no one could see them.
"I'm serious, where are we going? What are you doing?"
Brad breathed out heavily. "Just do what I tell you, and you'll find out in a minute."
Brad finally stopped in front of a locked cabinet built into the wall. He pulled a sharp object out of his pocket and picked the lock, flinging it open to show dozens of red cans, probably filled to the brink with gasoline.
"Why do we need these?" Jade asked, eyes wide.
Brad didn't answer, just handed her two of the cans. "Do exactly as I say. Understand?"
"It depends on what we are doing. Tell me and I'll do anything," she bargained.
He huffed and after a while faltered. "We're blowing the place up."
Jade was taken aback. "I'm sorry, what?! W-we can't! It's not what we're supposed to--"
"No, they told us the stupid way to do things. Trust me on this, Jade." He resorted to her weakness. Oh come on, puppy dog eyes? Who the hell uses the puppy dog eyes when asking to blow a place up?!
It was horrible what he was making Jade do. Blow up the place? She didn't think she would have the strength to take part in what he was asking her to do. But then again, she couldn't deny helping with this. It would hold the Enemies back from attacking for a while. After a long moment of silence, she nodded. Great. I've just agreed to blow an Enemy base up. Simply wonderful. This was exactly what I needed after a long stressful day.
Brad took out four more fuel cans, holding two in each hand. "Cover the back of all these tanks in fuel, use as much as you can. Then start on the ones over there. If anyone asks, say they are out of fuel. I'll be by the guns, spilling some while no ones watchin'. Meet back here when your done. And if you don't wanna catch on fire, try not to spill any on you." Then he left, leaving her with just her own questions and thoughts.
She didn't have time to waste, so Jade popped one of the lids off and got to work. She lifted the red can up and watched as the fuel slipped through the opening, trickling down the side of the tank like rain on a window. Jade continued dumping it until it was completely empty, doing the same with all the tanks throughout the back row, and using a new fuel can for each one. Not caring where they ended up, she tossed the empty cans to the side. It's not like anyone will care once this place is up in flames.
Jade decided against covering any of the other tanks in the greasy liquid, and simply drizzled some across the floor, being careful not to be seen in the act. After that, she decided that she was finished, no longer feeling able to go through with any more of it. I wasn't made for this, I'm not meant to destroy things.