
She was completely at the hands of his mercy. He seemed to know this too, because a dark smile stretched across his face as he stared down at her. He did nothing else, simply sat there with an alarming glint in his eye. At one point he swished his mouth around, then spat a mix of blood, saliva, and maybe even a tooth at the destroyed counter behind him.
Jade tried to bargain with him. "Look, you don't have to do this, whatever you're doing. It'd be best for everyone if you'd just-"
"Nah. I'd much rather get back at that guy," he said, nodding at the unconscious man. "He put me behind schedule. Now shut up!"
Jade took the time to memorize his face. If she were to escape his clutches, the police would want to know the appearance of the criminal. He had a sharp jawline and his lips were somewhat puckered as he grinned down at her, possibly thinking of all the things he could do, and his messy hair was a dark reddish color that could easily be mistaken for brown. The most unsettling feature, though, were his eyes. Dark brown pools mixed with many different things, an almost crazed look about them. His eyebrows only added to the threatening visage, angled downwards as he grinned. It's odd, Jade thought, how much you can guess about a person just by looking closely at them. This guy seems like...hmm...like he likes to be in control.
Without warning the man's arms shot towards her neck and she felt her air circulation get cut off almost immediately. Her lungs screamed for the air that they were being deprived of, screamed and clawed at her insides as if they were trying to escape a murderer inside of her. The man brought his face closer to her own and whispered in her ear with a thin accent. "No one, not even an imprudent little brat like you, will put me behind schedule."
In her peripheral vision Jade saw movement from behind the counter, most likely someone finally stepping forward to do something, but the guy strangling her only threatened them. "Come closer and I'll snap her neck like a twig!" he snarled out.
Jade felt herself slowly slipping into unconsciousness the longer she lay there. She didn't give in. I'll go down intimidating him. He will never forget this face. She struggled in an inner battle between two concepts; tried to balance herself on the beam that divided the awake and the sleep, sometimes leaning over to one side more than the other. She always righted herself though, if only for a short moment. As she partook in this invisible duel, she glared daggers at the man keeping her down. Eye contact wasn't broke, face muscles never faltered. The idea that she was even remotely scared shouldn't have crossed that man's mind.
Her vision was beginning to fade in and out, blurring the images around her and then shocking her back into reality by focusing again. The one thing that never changed, though, was the face above hers.
Tink, tink: The signal that someone had just entered the building. The sound of a door slamming to a close was faint, but she didn't turn to look. She couldn't. Not a second later, the confining fingers disappeared, and she could breathe again. Taking deep breaths and flipping onto her stomach, she tried to satisfy her starved lungs. Despite the pain in her chest and neck, she craned her head ever so slightly to catch a glimpse of her savior.
It was Ian.
Jade rolled onto her back again, for she found it easier to watch the scene playing out before her easier that way. Her breathing was ragged and hoarse and she still felt an overwhelming urge to fall asleep, but the fight continued on inside of her so that she could watch the literal one just a few feet away.