
Logan gave a weak smile. "Maybe someday everyone will have a domino to connect them."
Ayden slipped the domino into his pocket and stared at his lap. "You really think so?" he asked. He waited a while before asking again, thinking he was unheard. When he was given silence again, he looked at Logan's face: his eyes were open, but they were glazed over. There were no rises or falls in his chest.
"Logan?" Ayden tapped his shoulder. "Logan?" He shook him gently. "Logan, say something. Logan...Logan! Kiddo! C'mon, say something, anything! Call me the most vulgar of things, I don't care, just something!"
Then the truth dawned on him, and he let himself go. Burying his face in Logan's unmoving chest, he made no sound, only shook. His entire being rattled and trembled. Then came a muffled wail--a sound that seemed impossible to be coming from him. He lifted his face from Logan's shirt, his face covered in tears, and went back down and continued sobbing, his hands clasped over his head protectively as if that would keep the grief out.
Suddenly he jerked upwards, and let out a cry of pure anguish, ravenous fury. He jumped to his feet and glared daggers at the Combatants across from him. They hadn't made another move since shooting Logan, probably as wrapped up in what was playing out as everyone else. "Jade," he said, his voice different from its usual pep-talky tone. "Give me your gun."
She didn't question it and placed it in his hand. As soon as it touched his skin he fired in the direction of the Combatants. One, two, three shots, and three bodies falling to the ground. Four, five, and there was no more threat other than Ayden. His demeanor was terrifying and unpredictable.
Kane finally piped up, grasping his injured arm. "Ayden, bud, I know you're pissed and emotional, but we need to get out of here." When Ayden didn't budge, he added, "We don't want more of those assholes coming around and shooting more of us."
After several minutes of silence, Ayden finally turned around and started walking. He thrust the gun back in Jade's hand, said "Keep that thing away from me. I want nothing to do with it ever again," and walked along, passing each Rebel. "Come on!" he said louder. "Let's move!"
Jade looked at the gun in her hands, decided she wanted nothing to do with the gun that had killed Evan, tossed it in the hole of the ice, and followed at the back of the group, wrapped in memories of everyone she'd lost that day.
*****
A/N: Apologies for another long ass chapter. And for the feels if you had any (it's doubtful, I felt the pacing was too quick here). I know I had some feels. Poor Logan. And Evan, he was kewl. And Ian, just for what he's been through. QOTD: What are your opinions on River returning? Anyway, I hope you enjoyed, and I'd love if you guys would give some feedback.