
"Thank you, Abril," Ayden said. She grinned back wildly. Tempest did just the opposite, obviously becoming irritated. The last thing I need is an argument breaking out. "Abril, here." The keys landed in a jingle in her palm. "I'll let you bring him here. In the meantime, I'll be looking for the others. If anything happens, head to the sewers."
The door slammed shut behind Ayden and he began his trek up the stairs, heading to the top floor, where Jade's room was to be. The twins will find us on their own time. I swear, those two are attached at the hip. And it was true. There hadn't been a single moment since he had met them that they had been separated. If only I had been that way with my sister.
He came to the door that would open to the top floor. At first he considered knocking, but the idea of catching her off guard was tempting, and he pushed open the door.
Jade whirled around on her heels, eyes widened, hand gripping a water bottle tightly. When she saw who had entered she calmed down and let out a breath, and opened her bottle. "Ayden, you scared the crap out of me. Ever heard of knocking?"
"Indeed I have, I just didn't feel like using it this time. Anyways, I just came up here to--"
"Rah!" a voice said behind him. No, two voices. Two red objects brushed past him and headed straight for Jade, pushing her down to a sitting position on the cot. Maddox, Mathias? The two wore red robes, and from where Ayden stood, presumably no pants. Ayden raised an eyebrow, as did Jade, who took a drink of her water.
"What the hell are you two--" Ayden was cut off by the twins synchronized voices.
"Peekaboo!" They opened the flaps of their robes and rocked their hips back and forth, their backs to Ayden.
Jade took one look at them and did a spit take, the water spraying all over the twins. Once Ayden realized what was going on, he dashed forward. "Whoa, whoa, whoa! What do you think you guys are doing?!" He jumped in front of them in attempts to save Jade's innocent eyes. "You guys have gone freaking mad, I should--" His eyes landed on them. They each wore shorts and a t-shirt underneath their robes. One said Stay in School in block letters, and the other said Don't Do Drugs. The two immediately collapsed into bouts of hysteric laughter, pointing at Ayden's face and shouting comments in between giggles.
"You should have seen your face!"
"We made her spit out her water!"
Maddox, or Mathias, Ayden couldn't tell which one, puffed up his chest and deepened his voice, mimicking him. "You guys have gone freaking mad." They participated in another round of laughs.
Ayden turned his head down, avoiding eye contact with them. "Idiots." He felt his face begin to heat up and grimaced. "I should punch you both in the face."
He heard a sound behind him and turned around. Is she...is she laughing? Indeed Jade was, although she was trying to conceal it. She had a hand clamped over her mouth, but a giggle escaped through her fingers once she met Ayden's gaze. "You have to admit," she started, "it was pretty funny."
"See?" one of the M's said.
"She thinks we're hilar," the other M said.
"Oh, shut it and get out. Get to the Centre." Ayden ushered them through the door. Even as they got further away, he heard their faint giggles.
When he turned around, he saw Jade's eyes on him. At first she averted them, but slowly moved them over again. Her head was tilted, and her elbows rested on her knees as she leaned forward, hands clasped. The gaze she cast over him was thoughtful.