
The sound of heels clicking against the pristine tiled floors echoed throughout the halls. White walls stretched on and on, adjacent to an endless sheet of sparkling glass, a clear canvas showing all the secrets of the outside world. A young woman looked at a security camera off in the distance as she made her way to her destination. She clutched the documents in her hand tightly, most likely wrinkling them in the process. At this point she didn't care what state they were in, she only cared that it was readable.
The woman turned the corner and made her way to a barred door where silver bars came down, blocking her from advancing any further. Flipping open a keypad that was conveniently placed on the wall next to the door, she placed a hand on the surface. While she waited for it to finish scanning, she drummed her bitten nails against the metal bars. A high-pitched beeping sound emanated from the keypad and the shining bars raised up, disappearing into the ceiling.
Becoming impatient, she ducked under the painstakingly slow-moving bars and jogged down yet another corridor until she came to the meeting hall, and she found herself faced with three uniforms, their backs turned to her. She slowed her pace to a steady walk and continued to the center of the room.
She cleared her throat loudly, catching the attention of the three uniformed beings. "Excuse me for intruding. This is important business directed to General Banks, General Phoebe, and the President."
One of the two men that was in the room, widely known as the President of the United States of America, stepped forward and gestured for the woman to hand over the papers. She did just that, and stepped back as the president began reading over the documents. The other two people in the room waited patiently for his input, for him to explain what had sent the woman here in such a flurry. Once he finished, he moved over to a glass table in the room and read the wording aloud.
"As you are surely aware by now, the Republic of Ireland has split into two separate countries, now leaving three countries on the Irish island. The names are unknown to us currently, but the largest of the three has been continuously demanding massive amounts of natural resources from us. We have denied their requests each time, due to us being unable to produce what they are asking for without putting ourselves in debt. Because of our actions, they are now sending violent threats along with larger requests. Being aware of their alliances and expansion of several other European countries, we have concluded that they may pose a threat to America. The cause of this document is not only to inform you of these occurrences, but to also ask for your input on the matter. There has been a majority vote demanding that the executive branch decide what to do about the issue. Once the decision has been made, contact NR Headquarters and anyone else that is required to know. Signed, the legislative and judicial branches, along with the entirety of the armed forces."
The president finished off by setting the documents down on the glass table next to him, smoothing his fingers over the paper roughly. He massaged his temples, yearning to go back to the White House so he could see his wife, kids, and get some rest for once. This, however, was not an option. A decision had to be made, one that would either fix everyone's problems, or make it all worse.
"The documents mentioned a decision. What is the kind of decision they are expecting us to make?" General Phoebe stood with her back straight, not moving a single muscle. She was unreadable. "Giving the Irish country what they are requesting is out of the question, I can presume?"
The president sighed and spoke what he had gotten out of the document. "Correct. It seems we only have two options here. We ignore their threats and continue with our daily lives, risking an oblivious attack. Or, we declare war on them."
"We have had experience with these sorts of threats before," General Banks added. "I remember one of them specifically, and it's been stuck in my mind for a while now. Saying they had powerful weapons readily aimed at our country. If this proves true, then it would be best to eliminate the problem at its source, with war."