
"How can you not remember your best friend, dear Jade?" There was a moment of silence before Ayden felt something thump against his chest; Jade's palm. She had smacked him, but not hard enough to cause harm. "Ow."
"What makes you think you can just pull me out of random places? There is a guy over there dropping his little buddies off in a toilet expecting me to be out there once he's done!" Ayden saw Jade massage her temples, squinting hard as she did so. "I thought I was done with things like this."
Ayden scratched the back of his head. "Oh dear..."
"What?"
He sighed, leaning against a building and crossing his arms over his chest. "I didn't even think about what would happen if you said no."
"Said no to what? Ayden, there's a lot of holes in what you're saying here. Explain."
Ayden opened his mouth to speak, but no words came out. Wow, this is ten times harder than I thought it would be. I came up with one thing to say, but nothing that could lead up to it. I'm such a terrible planner, damn! He gave it to her straight. " I don't know what to say."
"Well, if you can't say it then let me leave." Jade made a move to abandon him in the alley, but he grabbed onto her arm and pulled her back in. "Ready to talk? Or do I have to kick you in the face to let me go just like I end up doing with everyone else these days?"
Ayden couldn't help it. He let out a small laugh. "Your defiance is something that proves this is the right decision. It's what drew me to you in the first place."
Jade looked confused. "What? If this is about some lovey-dovey mushy-gushy kind of crap, I want no part of it. I have enough on my plate as it is."
"You're in luck because it's not. I wish it was, but it's not."
"Of course you do." She scrunched her nose. "What was the point of dragging me over here?"
Ayden sighed, dropping his arms to his sides again and taking a step closer to Jade. This is it...one step closer to accomplishing my next goal. This isn't just for the good of Kaneley, this is for my own well-being as well. This will bring what's needed to everyone. He took a deep breath, heart pounding in his chest. What if she says no? What if she back stabs me? What if she hates me after this? What if I never see her again? What if--
"I want you to join my resistance group. Will you?"
Jade's eyes widened, and jaw dropped. Only for a moment though. "I...need a moment." Ayden nodded in understanding. She lowered her gaze to the ground, seeming to go deep in thought. Her eyebrows furrowed in concentration.  Have I done the wrong thing? Silence was killing him from the inside out waiting for her response. Yet, he felt a sense of excitement beginning to replace any feelings of doubt he had.
After an eternity of waiting, Jade looked up, gaze hard. She lifted her arms, crossed them over her chest and pursed her lips. "I said I was done with vows. And I am. No more feeling like I owe something to the world. I've paid my fair share."
Ayden's stomach dropped, disappointment flooding through him. "I underst--"
"But!" Jade placed a foot forward, grinding it into the ground. "Let me finish. This is strictly my own decision. I'm not doing this because I feel obligated. I'm doing this because I want to."
Ayden's lifted his head just a bit higher, hopeful for the future. For his future, her future, everyone's future. "So what you're saying is..."