
He jogged over the man and slung him over his shoulder, not surprised that he didn't put up a fight. He was always a coward anyway.
When he stood at the edge of the window, he stopped and looked down. They were at least fifty stories up. A fall would kill someone immediately on impact. He looked over at Boss, who lay whimpering on his shoulder.
With a sigh, he said, "I'm sorry about your eyes and nose. And your glasses. I'll make sure to put a replacement pair on your casket."
Finn pushed the body of his former boss off of him, not giving him a chance to latch on to him and drag him down. He stared down as the man dropped, and dropped, and still dropped. If he still had eyes, Finn was certain they would've contained fear. Just before he hit the pavement, Finn turned around, not wanting to look at what would surely be only a clump of mangled bones, exposed guts, and splattered blood.
Even as the man had gotten smaller, the idea of what Finn had done remained large in his mind. I killed someone. I killed someone. Not just anyone either, but someone who was making my life a living hell. He smiled, even though he knew that was the wrong thing to do. Not anymore.
He had only killed two people before. One was an accident, the other he made sure wasn't struck by his bullet in a vital area. So technically, he was positive he had only killed one person. The other may have lived, or died of blood loss. Either way, it was a very small number compared to what some other people had done before.
Now he was certain he had killed two people. But this was different. It wasn't an accident. He had control over this. He had control over a life. He took away life. This person would never walk or talk again. That man would never hurt someone with his words ever again. That man would never hurt Finn again.
This made him smile, and he walked over to the door to his office. Placing his hand on the knob, he cleared his throat. Time to act. People can't think I did this. They have to think he did it on his own. Time to put on a show.
The smile dropped from his face, and his eyes became solemn. To add to the effect, he thought of dead puppies, which made his eyes begin to water a bit. Poor puppies. He yanked open the door and ran out, hollering for someone to come to him.
"Help! Help!" he shouted, making sure there was clear urgency in his voice.
A group of people came towards him, ripping themselves away from their coffee break. "What's the matter, Mr. Oyel? What's happened? Is everything all right?"
"It's Boss, he's..." He let the fake tears spill over, streaking his face. "He jumped out the window, committed suicide right in front of me! I tried to stop him, but..." He burst into a round of pretend sobs, leaning into someone who offered him a hug. "I wasn't fast enough. He's dead now."
"Oh my, that's terrible!" a woman said. "We have to get authorities here, asap!"
"I don't think I'll be able to speak with them right now. It was quite traumatizing," Finn said, making sure his voice cracked on command. He wiped his eyes with his sleeve and sniffled, staring down at the ground. "I'd like to speak with my uncle. Is he here?"
"Yes, he just started a meeting. I'll go fetch him. I'm sure this meeting can wait. Go wait in his office dearie, he'll be there in just a moment."