
Security stood there staring at the scanner, not making a single move. Jade looked back at the line, and they all looked just as confused as everyone else. She turned back to the guards. One of them had broken out of their trance and clicked a button on a small cubic box. "General Banks, you must come see this, sir," he said.
The box crackled to life with a deep voice. "What is so important that I must postpone my plans, Mr. Heel?"
"You'll see, sir. We do not even know."
"This had better be as mindboggling as you're making it out to be."
After a few minutes, the double doors opened and out came a tall man. He wore a dark green uniform, medals upon medals adorning his chest. He was of tan complexion, and had black, slicked back hair, only a few greys showing. Jade estimated that he was well into his forties, maybe late thirties.
"What is it?" His voice matched that of the one that had came through the speaker.
"Look, sir," Mr. Heel said, holding up the scanner. "We were not taught what this means."
General Banks looked somewhat interested now. He raised his eyebrows at those in line and pursed his lips. "Where is the civilian you scanned?"
"I'm right here, sir," Jade said. His head snapped down and she realized just how tall he really was. Jade wasn't short nor tall, but average height. This guy was like a skyscraper compared to her.
"And what is your name, ma'am?" he asked.
"Jade Maliks."
Everyone within range of hearing her gasped, eyes widened in awe. She heard one voice say, "It's that chick from the news, the one that saved all those children a while back."
Another one said, "And the same one that kicked that guys ass in the ice cream place!"
The general tensed up and held out his arm, gesturing for her to follow him. "This way, Miss Maliks. I'd like to speak to you in my office."
Jade gulped and nodded. Oh no. What have I done this time? She chewed on her lip intently as she walked, and soon she was sitting across from him in a chair, his eyes boring into hers, sharp as nails.
Finally, he spoke. "I have heard of your acts of heroism in the past year. Let me ask, do you always do good deeds? Risk your life? I believe you've done that twice...no, thrice. Correct?"
Attack, fight...accident. "Correct."
"Yes, and you seem to be everywhere these events occur."
Jade narrowed her eyes slightly, forgetting his rank for a moment. "What are you accusing me of?"
He waved his hand nonchalantly in the air. "Nothing, nothing. But," he paused to clear his throat. "I'm just clarifying something. I have something you can do for me, if you're up for it."
Jade dug a tooth into her bottom lip. Focus. This is for your vow. "What is it?"
He clasped his hands together on his desk. "I am going to be straightforward with this. I see potential in you. It's evident that you have natural courage, judging by your past decisions. Even my finest soldiers needed to practice with that sector of their beings. So I'll strike you a deal." He paused. "Do a few 'missions' for the government, as you may call them, and I'll be sure to repay you in any way, shape, or form. What do you say?"
Everything he had said fell on Jade like an anchor, weighing her down. Missions? As in, top secret? I haven't even been to the dang meeting yet! And now I have to choose whether I go or not? Right now?