
Best regards,
General Banks.
Ian just stood there staring down at the page in shock. Every limb of his was shaking and he sunk to the ground, his eyes still glued to the paper. She . . . she's alive?! I can see her again? Am I dreaming? This can't be real . . .
There was only one way to find out. Ian turned the paper over and sure enough, a phone number was written on the back. He stood up and ran to the phone sitting on the kitchen counter. His foot slid underneath him when he stopped and he would've hit the floor hard if he wouldn't have caught onto the side of the counter. Ian used whatever strength he had left to pull himself upright again.
He picked up the phone and quickly punched in the number, not checking to see if he had dialed it correctly. It rang as he held it up to his ear, and soon someone answered.
"Hello, this is Pizza Paradise, how may we help you?"
"Uh..." Whoops.
"Hello? Sir? Would you like pepperoni on yo--" Ian quickly hung up on the guy, cursing at himself as he did so. He dialed the number again and this time made sure that he had the correct phone number. His finger mashed the call button, and it began ringing. It rang three times before someone picked up.
"Hello, Jovian. I knew you wouldn't pass this offer up."
~~~~~
The slick bus let Ian off at a street corner and he began walking to where the man on the phone said he should go. A small suitcase was in one of his hands, while a page of directions was in the other. His eyes burned from the lack of sleep he had gotten the night before. Ian was told to board a certain bus that would drive him to east coast, specifically the coast of Maryland, and he hadn't slept a wink through the trip. He stopped walking for a moment to rub his eyes, everything in his mind was becoming hazy. However, his lack of sleep didn't decrease the amount of excitement, hope, and other indescribable feelings churning in his stomach.
Ian looked up at a sign while squinting his eyes in the early sunlight. "Welcome to Baltimore," Ian said, reading what the sign said out loud. He took a deep breath and huffed. I'm not going to get to the harbor before the boat leaves if I just walk.
With that in mind, he walked over to a conveniently placed pay phone. It was one of those older ones, the phone was inside of a small box-like structure. Ian walked in and picked up the phone. Being the forgetful person he was, he tried calling without putting money into the machine. Letting out a groan of frustration he stuck his hand in a pocket, searching for a quarter. Ian stuck one into the money slot and dialed again.
"Hello, this is Pizza Paradise, how may we help you?"
Ian groaned. "Not again." He hung up and re-dialed, getting it right the second time around. "Hey, um, is Mr..." he looked down at the paper. "Is Mr. Banks there?"
"Currently speaking," it replied. "How can I help you Jovian?"
"I prefer Ian, and if I recall, on the previous call you offered a ride to the harbor. I'd like to take you up on that offer," he said casually. Ian needed to act like he hadn't been a wreck the past few months.