
As Ayden ran through the corridors following closely behind Jade, he couldn't help but feel awestruck. She's a fighter, that one is. I never would've thought she could pack a punch like that . . . awesome! It dawned on him that the more time he spent with her, the more attached he was beginning to grow. That was not a good thing. He knew from experience that things like that never worked out.
He was rudely yanked from the train of thought by a loud moaning sound far behind. Ayden craned his head to see what was making the wretched noise, only to see a very disoriented Finn stumbling slowly throughout the hall. His reddened palm rested on the side of his head, where Jade had hit him with the pan. Clever move on her part.
"Wait, I'm not--," Finn slammed his shoulder against the wall to avoid falling. "--Not done with you two!" Groaning as he slithered along the wall slightly faster than before, his feet thumped along the ground. Jade hadn't turned back once, probably already knowing what followed behind. Ayden faced forward again and saw one of those modern-looking, transparent elevators. He gave Jade a sideways glance to see if she was thinking what he was thinking. Apparently so, because she began running even faster towards the end of the hall.
The closer they got, the more steadied Finn seemed to get, allowing him to start gaining them. No matter how much Ayden tried, he had never been able to outrun him in their younger years. However, things had changed significantly since then. Ayden used to be the scrawny little teenage boy that preferred depending on others. It was like a luxury to him after all those years living on the streets after his parents deaths. But now he had gotten stronger, faster, more agile. He was an adult that strayed from others. That is, until Jade showed up. . .
Jade slammed her hand on the service button and they waited for the elevator to travel down. That was precious time being wasted and Ayden urged it to come down faster. Any other time it barely even gives anyone a chance to get out of it! Hurry up!
The glass split in two and they both stepped inside briskly, watching as Finn tried vigorously to close the distance. He was actually doing pretty well, and for a short moment Ayden thought they were doomed. But as he continued moving, the doors closed swiftly, creating a sort of barrier. Jade sighed in relief next to Ayden as Finn approached the elevator. He frantically pounded on the glass trying to get to them, not even leaving a scratch.
That is, until he took his shoe off and began banging on the doors with that. A small, barely noticeable crack appeared, getting longer and larger the more he hit it. Ayden panicked and reached a hand over to the long array of buttons, pressing one at random. The elevator slowly descended, leaving Finn to glower at the two from above. Ayden could see a shoe bounce to the ground before the rest of that floor disappeared entirely.
The elevator was moving extremely slow and Ayden coudln't help but wonder why that was. Maybe it has to do with the shudder from earlier? A few minutes passed before they made it to the floor he had chosen at random. The first thing he noticed through the thick glass doors was that the floor was three quarters of the way filled with water.
"Holy shit! Ho-holy shit!" Ayden shouted. The elevator came to a smooth stop, and the fear bubbled up inside of him. I don't want to drown! I'd rather burn before something like that! He backed up against the wall furthest from the doors, pulling Jade back with him.
The dreaded moment came when the doors opened automatically, causing the water to rush in at alarming speeds. Ayden took a deep breath and held it before cowering against the back of the elevator, having no choice but to let the icy waters assault him. The freezing waves curled around the sides of the cramped space, crashing down and throwing around thick droplets of water throughout the box. Light blues and whites clouded his vision, with the occasional glimpse of Jade's long black hair flipping from being tossed around by the force of the water.