
As soon as she finally got to Ayden though, there was a small opening in the trees and she gazed through it. What Jade saw she knew would haunt her forever, until the day she took her last breath.
It seemed as if the world was on fire. As if Hell itself had moved its new empire to this place right in front of Jade's very eyes; as if the demons from the pits below had risen to take over. Every building in the city had been set ablaze, with dozens of different oranges and yellows and reds flickering against the night sky. Explosions of white-hot light were still going off all over the place. Faint smells of smoke were invading her nose, but she still didn't look away. Or more accurately, she couldn't. The sounds of crackling of the fire and crashes of building foundations seemed to ring out for miles. Jade could even feel the heat against her skin. Whatever remained of the city wavered intensely from the heat. In a way, it was beautiful. A sick and twisted kind of beautiful, but still beautiful. And to think that they had been there just a few hours before . . .
The thought made Jade shudder and she clenched her eyes shut. Although the heat was warming her skin, she felt cold inside. What about all those people? She turned my back to the image, wanting to shut out everything and everyone. Of course, that was impossible. Plus, she had a job that had to be done. Jade had almost forgotten entirely about it. The helicopter wasn't due to pick her up for a few more days and there was no way for her to contact them. And to add on to her worries, she had agreed to go with Ayden on his boat. How will I get back so the helicopter can pick me up?
Ayden came up behind Jade and hugged her reassuringly. "I know how you feel. It's hard," he whispered. "More so for me. That's my city down there, the one I grew up in. And now it's burning to the ground. My friends and people I consider my family are dying." He lowered his head, resting it on her shoulder. "And by my own hand." What does he mean by that?
"Time to get to that boat though." He let go of Jade and started jogging down the other side of the hill. "This way. Are you coming?"
Jade looked down at her feet. Too late to back out now. She ran towards him, trying to catch up. But of course, her feet just had to get caught on something and send her rolling down the hill. For some odd reason, that didn't seem like enough, because she ended up knocking Ayden over in the process, sending the both of them rolling down the steep hill. The only thing that stopped them when they got to the bottom was a tall, metal fence.
Jade hit it with so much force that she just laid there for a few seconds until Ayden picked her up and put her back on my feet. "You comin'?" he asked.
"Coming where?" Jade eyed him as he began scaling the fence like a master-climber. Whoa, I think I just found an Irish Tarzan.
"Coming here." He stopped at the top of the fence, at least 15 feet off the ground. Jade groaned yet again and began climbing up after him. Once they both dropped down to the other side, Jade began hearing the sound of waves. The harbor! Her legs began moving before her mind gave them permisson. They moved quicker and quicker and quicker, until she was running as fast as she possibly could. The only thing that stopped her was a tug on the back of her shirt. "What do you think you're doing?" Ayden hissed in her ear.