
"Got it." Ayden lurched forward and ran his hands along the frame of the window. Just as he found what he was looking for, a commotion came from where they had entered the building. Boy, now doesn't this feel familiar. He began fumbling with the lock, moving his fingers too fast to get anything done right. Jade nudged him to the side and got the job done herself, unlocking it smoothly. She lifted the window up high enough for her to just fit through. They were both out in a matter of seconds, and she slammed the window closed to slow down those people.
Ayden and Jade were on the run again, this time along a sidewalk in a pretty much deserted street. There was a car here and there, but none of them stopped to help. If only they knew how much trouble lurked just around the corner. Even then they probably wouldn't stop, simply because people would be people. Jade took the time they had to get some questions answered. "Who are those people? And how do they know you?"
"They're IT's. They go by a different name, but they're all the same. As for how I know them, let's just say that they don't very much appreciate the Resistance. Duck!"
Jade acted without question, crouching and holding her arms over her head. Her foot caught under something and she tripped, crashing into the asphalt. She rolled onto her back and scowled at Ayden, who was currently holding out a hand to help her up. She was back on her feet in no time, still glaring at him. "You told me to duck but nothing was coming."
"No, I shouted 'duck.' There was a literal duck in the street and you tripped over it." He pointed at a feathery object hobbling down the street, and Jade felt her face heat up.
"Oh."
"Right. Come on, we've gotta move." The two started down the street again, heading towards the sound of large objects whizzing by. They turned a corner and found themselves faced with heavy traffic. Cars of many different shapes and sizes zoomed passed in a blur, each blur varying in size and color. It showed no signs of letting up.
Ayden and Jade paused at a street light. One of them reached over and pressed the button for the walk signal. There was nothing they could do but wait. "What time is it?" Jade asked.
"Let me see..." Ayden looked down at his wrist, squinting. "Around four thirty in the morning. People are probably heading to work at about this time. I heard the citizens here get up at ungodly hours to get to their jobs."
"You speak so casually as if we're not being chased by a group of Enemies that look like bleached ninjas. What's up with the white anyways?"
Ayden scratched at the back of his head. "They're so pumped about this whole 'send-out-groups-to-sabatoge' thing that they've decided to pick team colors. White and green. They treat it like it's a damn sports rivalry." He looked straight at Jade and gave her one of those famous smirks. "I've decided to play their game. The opposing side: red and black. Thus, the colors of my jacket." He gestured to the jacket Jade wore, and she looked at it closer. Yes, it was black, but red stripes ran down along the sleeves and wrapped around the forearms, much like a snake. "Speaking of which--"
"There they are! Get them!"
Ayden and Jade both froze. They already knew what was coming. And odds are, the group wasn't heading towards them at an alarming pace just to make friendly conversation. Jade faced the mob. Then the street. Then the mob again. Ayden only confirmed what they'd have to do. "We have to cross."