
The final bits and pieces found a comfortable position on the floor, not finding a particular liking to the back of the room. Ayden cautiously lowered his arms, stealing a glance over at Jade. She had pressed herself against wall in the back of the room. Thank God. She's a smart one. Unlike myself. He looked down at the glass surrounding his black shoes. Some of the smallest bits clung to his clothing, the larger pieces had skidded across his skin and left small cuts on the arms and back of his neck. He shook his head, trying to rid his hair of the glass that had probably gotten caught in it.
Ayden eventually straightened his back and faced the now exposed opposite room. Finn had tossed the gun to the side and was now walking towards them with bloody hands in his pockets. Ayden looked down at his own hands, painted a fading red. He backed away and listened to the glass crunching beneath his feet. He almost tripped backwards over a large chunk of it, but luckily Jade had stepped forward and steadied him.
Finn walked until he heard the crunching under his own feet. "You thought you could get rid of me so easily?" He chuckled. "You thought wrong."
"You're doing an awful lot just to get revenge." Jade crossed her arms and shot him a menacing look.
"It's not just for revenge. Although, it is a benefit to hunting you down," Finn said. Jade gave him a confused look, and he gave an exasperated sigh in return. "I'm not the only one that wants you dead."
Before either of them could say anything else, Finn clapped his hands together once and kept them together. "Sixtine, darling! You can come on out now!"
Sixtine's head popped up from under the desk and she stood up. Brushing and straightening her dress as she walked, she made her way over to Finn's side. He took ahold of her hands and pulled her close. As they exchanged a very intimate kiss, Ayden made a disgusted face. What the actual fuck?  These people are getting sicker and sicker every minute. I knew I couldn't trust her!
As they continued eating each others faces off, Ayden glanced back to see how Jade was handling this. Her nose was wrinkled up and her eyes showed betrayal. "Get a room you pathetic scum." Wait, Jade said that? This a very off day for her. Maybe it's an effect of whatever went on in the elevator.
Finn pushed Sixtine away without a second thought. Sixtine looked hurt for a moment but masked it well with an annoyed visage. "You're just jealous because you can't get anyone to kiss you like that," she taunted. I would like to object to that statement.
"I'm not very fond of having someone bite my mouth clean off, unlike you who probably only knows how to do just that." Jade stuck her nose into the air. I have the sudden urge to snap my fingers in a "z" formation. From what he'd learned from chick movies, that card was not supposed to be pulled. But Jade had pulled it and ripped it up into little tiny pieces, scattering it along the floor next to the glass.
"What did you just say?" Sixtine screeched. She made a move to go up to Jade, but fortunately Finn held her back.
"Calm down, sweetheart. You'll be able to do whatever you please with her in just a few minutes. Patience is a virtue when you're working on a masterpiece, and tolerance is valued when you're working on a living canvas." Finn was probably trying to impress the furious girl he held back. Although, to be honest, she probably only needed him to flex his scrawny little arms to be impressed.