
Don't let him best you. Jade cocked her gun. "Where are you keeping Ian?"
The man sighed, exasperated, and leaned forward slightly. "Did you not hear me the first time, Hero-Girl?"
She leaned forward as well. "I heard you loud and clear, powdered donut. Where's your white ninja costume, huh?"
He leaned back and chuckled loudly, then waved at his patrollers. "As much as I want to keep this conversation going, I have a riot to control. Men, fire on my go--isn't this familiar?"
"If you do not tell me where Ian is I will shoot you and find someone else who knows." Jade raised the pistol so that if she were to pull the trigger, the bullet would go straight through the transparent plastic and into his skull. I no longer care. If he's going to hold back what he knows, I won't hold back my bullet.
"Jade." Something cold touched her arm, but she didn't look at the source; she didn't need to. "Jade, don't shoot just yet," Ayden whispered. "Keep him going for half a minute."
"What are you mumbling about?" the Combatant asked. His gun was still trained on Jade;  apparently Ayden, the leader of a rebellion against him, wasn't the main target. Thirty seconds. Keep him talking for thirty seconds.
Out of the corner of her eye, Jade saw Ayden shift his hand over to his side, where his hidden holster would be. He kept it there, prepared for when he would need it. Jade pushed on. "Why is there a riot?" she asked.
"Simple: It seems that anywhere there is a sign of uprising, another group forms to revolt against the enemy. We've seen it throughout history, wasn't a surprise when they started marching this way." The man yawned. "History bores, don't you think?"
Keep him talking. "I can't agree with you."
"And why is that?"
She figured she might as well tell the truth, might as well give her opinion. She may not get the chance again. "History is an important element to society and individuals alike. Events from the past are studied and picked apart to their core, down to the last article of clothing someone wore before they died. Massacres, riots, attacks, wars, all of them play a role in our lives. Things would be different had the first two world wars not happened, things would be different had revolutions not occurred, and things would be different had our ancestors been killed. You would not be here, and I would not be here, and this war might not have happened.
"Friendships have been broken, allies turned enemies, relationships destroyed, families torn to pieces. All because of war and conflict. In a way, history doesn't matter, because there will always be conflict. Someone will always disagree. If we lock the person who argues up, someone else will shout out that this is not right, it is not ethical. There is no end. This war will rage on, and then it will end, and when people think there couldn't possibly be another war, it will come. There is no stopping conflict. There is no stopping history.
"And just like there is no stopping those things, there is also no stopping me."
The crowd had fallen silent during her strong elocution, and even Ayden had been watching her with a dropped jaw. It wasn't that amazing, if at all. Why are they all acting that way?
Clapping broke the soundlessness. "Bravo, bravo. I do say, that was impressive. You're almost as good as Mister Tate here when it comes to speaking. Wonderful last words." The Combatant nodded his head forward. "Fire."
Ayden shoved Jade to the ground before the sound of gunshots went off. Her gun clattered to the ground in front of her. She lunged at it and took it up in both hands, then tried to stand up; the crowd was a frantic mess, several protestors running away, some crouched with hands over their heads, and the small remainder of them were heading to the cars. Jade finally managed to scramble to her feet. When she did, a young cry reached her.