
Brad let out a short wail, bringing attention to him from nurses and visiors passing by him in the halls. Salty liquid pooled in his cupped hands, slipping through the cracks in his hands and onto his pant leg.
Little Bradley screamed, smacking the doctor's hand away from him and backing away. His parents behind him had to grip the wall to stay standing, and they embraced in tears. "Our baby boy," his mother repeated. "Our baby boy is gone." Bradley ignored them, and ran down the long stretch of hallway in the hospital. His vision was blurry, and he almost ran into nurses more than once.
"Where's my brother?!" he screamed. "The doctor lied, he's not dead!" Another round of sobs came from him, and he threw himself into the empty elevator. He punched the highest button, watching as the doors shut, confining him in the small box-like area. "He's lying, he's lying!" Bradley kicked at the walls as he ascended. He fell against the wall, smacking the wall like a dog would paw at the backdoor, signalling that he wanted to be let outside. Tears soaked his face, and he sniffled. "He wasn't lying, he wasn't lying. He's dead."
Rick had gotten up and left, probably uncomfortable around Brad's sudden outburst of sadness. A new hand poked at his shoulder, and he looked up to see the nurse from earlier staring down at his tear-soaked face. He wiped at his face with his sleeves, trying to erase any evidence. The woman's gaze softened. "You can see her now. She's asleep right now, but if she wakes up try not to do anything that would make her upset." Brad nodded, and stood up to follow the woman. As she led the way, Brad tried to push his memories from his mind, succeeding. They'll come back later though. They always do.
She moved to the side once they made it to the door and pushed open the door. Rick had joined them by now and was about to walk in, but Brad pushed in front of him and made it into the room first, taking a long look at Lea. His knees almost buckled. She looked better than the last time he had seen her, but she was still in bad shape. The bruises were darker and more prominent. Bandages adorned her head and slight traces of red were visible on the white fabric. Brad dared getting closer to her sleeping body. Gauze bandages were wrapped around her arms, and a white blanket covered the rest of her, probably for the better.
He was at the side of her hospital bed by now, just staring at her steadily breathing face. The antiseptic smell was even stronger, and the only sounds were those coming from the several machines she was hooked up to. Rick walked over to a chair by the window and sat down. He didn't seem to be in a very good mood either. As much as he tried to go sit down with him, Brad couldn't tear his gaze away from Lea. He didn't want to be any farther away from her again. You said you were done destroying things. Try protecting someone for once.
"I'll leave you all here alone." The nurse disappeared closed the door softly behind her.
"Finally. I don't like her," Brad blurted.
"I don't think she likes you either. You created more work for her," Rick said. Brad looked down at his hands and clenched them tightly. He's right. "Wait, I didn't mean it like that. Brad?"
"You're right. It was my fault. If I would've been paying attention to the road this wouldn't have happened."
"Brad, don't--"
"Don't start lying to me!" Brad's voice cracked in his next words. "I know what I did. Stop trying to comfort people, especially with lies. It won't change the fact that she's like this anyways." His hand gestured to Lea.