
"Soap will become my friend." Out of nowhere an arm whipped in front of Jade and scooped up and handful of bubbles. She widened her eyes, looking over at Ian. She tried to stop his arm from moving once again but she was too late. Her face ended up covered in a soapy substance and Ian immediately burst into laughs.
"Y-your face is--" His sentence broke as he let off another round of tearful laughter. "It looks like y-you have a bubble beard. So m-much like my grandpa!" Eventually his laughs turned into him just smacking his hand on the counter as he silently shook with his eyes clenched and mouth turned up in a wide grin.
Jade lifted a hand up to her "bubble beard" and wiped a big glob of it off, tossing it on top of his head. He seemed not to notice it, and for some reason this just wouldn't settle with her. She yanked the spray-thing from its place next to the faucet. Placing a hand on her hip and holding it carelessly, she aimed the nozzle nonchalantly in the direction of his head. "You have a little something on your face."
Ian managed to refrain from laughing for all of five seconds. "Where?"
"There." Jade pulled the "trigger" on the nozzle and water flew through the air like that of a shower. It made contact with his forehead first and she waved it all over his face, drenching him. His arms flailed through the air trying to shield himself from her water-made assault. Once she felt that he'd had enough hosing down, she released her tight grip on the nozzle.
Ian turned to Jade with his jaw clenched. His dark hair drooped over his forehead and his face was dripping with drops of moisture. Jade grinned at him and waved the sprayer in the air in a friendly manner. "I got it for ya, don't worry."
He opened his mouth to say something, but closed it. Then he tried again. "I'm going to take the sprayer away from you, okay?" He slowly stepped towards Jade, and she raised an eyebrow. "Just don't turn it on ag--"
He was blasted in the face once more with water. This time he dashed over to her and grabbed ahold of the nozzle. They ended up in some sort of dish washing utensil tug-of-war. The whole time Jade never let go of the nozzle, so the floors became a slippery hazard quickly. Jars sitting atop the counter-tops dripped with drops of tap water, and the actual counter-tops became home to dozens of small puddles.
Ian managed to remove one of Jade's fingers from the trigger so the sprayer was just drizzling on his shoulder. He yanked it from her grasp and kept hold of both her wrists with one of his hands. The sprayer was aimed at her forehead and she widened her eyes. "Revenge will be sweet." He grinned and before Jade knew it, cold pressure hit her face. She twisted her head around trying to avoid the vengeful wrath of an Ian that was still wearing a pink apron. "Bahaha!"
"S-sto-stop it! Ian!" Jade spluttered. She kept her eyes closed as she looked at him and blew raspberries, sending little drops of water right back at him. He only laughed more.
"Fine. But you owe me another one of these sexy aprons." He stroke a pose. "This one's going to probably shrink after this."
Jade rolled her eyes and grabbed a new package of paper towels. "Clean this up. I'll take care of your precious apron so that it doesn't get smaller." Exchanging the towels for the apron, she made her way to the clothing rack in the bathroom. On her way there, she couldn't help but notice what was playing on the living room television. It was on the news channel, shocker.
The first thing that crossed her mind was that she was on the news. Not just herself, but everyone that was at the ice cream shop the day before. She called for Ian and he jogged over to her side. They both watched in interest as the events on the screen played on.