
The duo in riot gear stepped forward, the equipment engulfing them clinked and jangled as they moved. Jade was well aware that they had guns even though she couldn't see them. Each of those riot people usually had one practically glued to their hip. I've been through enough of these situations to know what's going to happen next. She frantically turned her head left and right searching for an exit other than the one everyone had fled through earlier. When she found nothing, she stared straight at Victor, Vale, and Finn. Her instincts began making her back away slowly, never taking a pair of green eyes off of the three. Jade barely even noticed how Ayden inched slowly closer to her until he was blocking half of her body, standing in a protective stance as he splayed his left arm in front of her.
"Oh, well isn't that just sweet," Finn cooed. His voice quickly transitioned into one of irritation with his next statement. "Sweetness drags things on. Don't just stand there, give me something to watch!"
Victor and Vale briskly jumped off the stage, walking in a leisurely manner towards the fearful duo. The closer they came, the more Ayden and Jade backed away. It can't end like this, right? Not after all I've been through. My life has not just led up to this moment . . . Her back hit a hard, flat surface. The wall had found them and there was nowhere to run. Ayden didn't help the fact that Jade had no way to escape by pressing her against it more, concealing her entire self with his own. The only limbs that were somewhat free to move were her arms and neck.
The two guards advanced on them slowly but surely, taking their good old time. Finn was grinning happily from ear to ear, obviously experiencing joy from their uncomfortable squirming. Jade whipped her head around, looking for something to get them out of this predicament. Ayden pressed her further against the wall. He's not helping this at all! She peered over his shoulder and sure enough, the riot-geared duo was only a few feet away from them. Jade spread an arm out from behind Ayden's back and began running a hand along the wall, trying to find something, anything, that might help. The tips of her fingers barely skimmed the surface of a cold, metallic item. What is that . . .?
Jade continued stretching as far out as possible. She was unable to turn her head around to see what the object was because of the position Ayden had her pinned in. When it was clear that she wouldn't be able to find grab at the object, she closed her eyes and let out a pained sigh, letting the arm drop away from the metal. I'm going to die here, aren't I? She could feel her heart rate pick up at this thought, drumming hard in her chest. Her breaths came out in shallow puffs and dizziness began to take over. She shook her head, shaking out the negatives. I need to get through this. For Ayden. For Ian. For everyone.
Jade snapped a pair of eyes open and began contorting herself so that she had both of her hands on Ayden's back. Her eyes drifted over to Victor and Vale. The male was standing on the left of them, the female on the right. Straight ahead there was a large opening. Please, please don't backfire. Jade mustered up all the strength she could manage at that point and pushed Ayden away as hard as she could, causing him to stumble and almost trip all the way through the opening between the guards. She was now left alone against the wall, watching the guards advance. They both gave each other a curt nod after looking back at Ayden and then back at Jade. She knew what they had agreed on. "Let's take care of the girl, then the boy."
Her instincts told her to run, but she told the instincts to fight. Jade lunged in the direction she thought the metal object was, grabbing at it as if it were a lifeline. Which in this case, it kind of was. The object was a short, silver metal rod, running vertically up the wall. There was a few inches between the wall and the stick, despite it being connected at the top and bottom ends. Jade eagerly wrapped her fingers around the cold rod, feeling goosebumps trail up her arms. She looked at her surroundings, noticing how close the guards were. They were only about five feet away now and had the thick nightsticks poised above their heads, ready to strike her down.