
"The one just above this. First door on the left."
Once at the door, Kane whipped a small pocketknife out and got to work on picking the lock. After only a few seconds, he turned the knob and pushed it open. Jade raised an eyebrow. "What?" he asked. "I left the key inside on accident."
Jade brushed past him and entered the small room. It contained a cot, a trashcan for fire, some cardboard boxes and a crate in the corner, and drawers on the far side. "There's a first aid kit on top of those drawers," Kane said. He didn't entirely close the door, left it slightly ajar, and made his way to the cot. He plopped onto it, and in return, received several loud squeaks. "I just love a bed with springs ready to impale me at any given time. So comfy."
Jade located the kit with ease--it was hard to miss a pristinely white object in a room made out of nothing but rust and dust. Over to the cot she went, box in hand, and when she got there, placed it on the rough mattress next to Kane's leg. He slapped a hand on said knee and, with the fakest enthusiasm possible to emit, said "'Kay, doc. Fix me up!"
Kane held his arm out for her to inspect. Jade didn't need to look at it for long: he'd been shot, all right. A minute hole in his sleeve marked the spot where he'd been shot, and through that hole all that could be seen was flesh and blood. He hadn't passed out or seemed to be weakening, so that probably meant a major artery wasn't struck, which was good. The bone didn't seem ruptured either. "Can you move your hand and fingers?" she asked.
He wiggled them around slightly, but grunted with the action. "Hurts like a bitch."
"Well at least you can move them. I don't think your tendons were severed. You got lucky with that."
"Pft, right, lucky. Gonna patch me up now, doc?"
Jade hesitated and pursed her lips in concentration on how to word what had to be said. I can't do anything with that cloak on. Kane definitely wouldn't be comfortable removing it. Not to mention, she felt a faint fear of seeing his face. After knowing him and working alongside him the way they did, with no way to tell what he really meant when he said something from not being able to witness his features shifting, she preferred being in the dark. What if he became comfortable with fighting unmasked? What if he relished harming people, and worse, what if he held no emotion at all?
"What's up with you? Cat caught your tongue? Is it being ripped to shreds?" Kane chuckled at his own lame teasing.
"You're going to have to take off your cloak so I can stitch and bandage the wound," Jade said.
The smug grin on the visible portion of his face disappeared as soon as it had planted itself there. "Now, don't you think there's another way to get this done without me potentially stripping in front of you?"
"You wouldn't be stripping," she snapped, turning red from her misunderstood words, "I assume you have clothes underneath that, don't you? Your pants would still be on anyway."
Kane's lips pulled down even more than before, bowed his head, and stood up. "I'm heading over here real quick. While I'm getting something, set up what you need." He trudged away at a snail's pace, and Jade got to work on doing what he suggested. She popped open the kit and examined its contents. Gauze, scissors, a bottle of painkillers, tweezers, a few pairs of latex gloves, all sorts of bandaging, rubbing alcohol, stitching materials, medical tape, and several other useful supplies. Taking what she needed and placing it on the cot was no difficult feat--she didn't have a clue on what she didn't need, so she just pulled everything out.
Jade took note of the state of her hands. Blood that wasn't hers coated the tips of her fingers, and just an overall feeling of being dirty swept over her. When was the last time she had showered? It grossed her out by the fact that she couldn't recall how long ago it'd been. The most she'd done in terms of hygiene was brush her teeth and hair, wash her face and hands, and change clothes every now and then. It wasn't too bad compared to the circumstance, but she still would've preferred a full wash-down.