
A/N: If you're wondering what the picture on the side is for, you will see soon enough. I actually got the idea for that 'scene' from a prank video. The video is attached. Man, I laughed so hard.Question Time: What are your thoughts on Jovian's new mindset, and what do you think of Tony?If you enjoyed this chapter, please vote, and comments are always welcome!
********************
"Have any of y-you guys seen Maddox and M-Mathias?"
Ayden shook his head. Logan stared at a speck of dirt on the ground, frowning. Seeing his friend upset disheartened Ayden, and his lips began to pull downwards too. "Why? What's wrong?" he asked.
"I was going to ask if they could try shooting this box to open it," Logan said, "I've been trying for weeks now. It won't budge."
Ayden scratched at the back of his head. I don't think shooting it is the best idea. It could ruin what's inside. "I'll tell you what. If I see them, I'll say you wanted them." He paused. "Can you go tell the others to meet in the Centre?"
Logan nodded and scurried away, black box held tightly in his left hand. His arms twitched several times before he was out of sight. Poor kid...he hates his tics. I need to get the pills soon. Maybe then he'll be back to his cheery self. The pills weren't anything that directly changed moods, they simply dulled his urge to tic. Without them, the need to obey his twitches were overwhelming, to the point where it became involuntary. Ayden knew that whenever Logan was on the pills he was happier. He felt normal.
There were two ways he knew how Logan felt. One: he had opened up to Ayden about everything after the first two weeks. Two: he could tell by the way he held himself, how he spoke, how he moved. And for some strange, inexplicable reason, Logan could read Ayden the same way. No one was able to tell what Ayden was feeling, and for that kid to be able to, it blew his mind. The more time that passed, the closer they became. By now they knew almost everything about each other. Almost.
Ayden shook his head and started descending the rusted stairs that led to the Centre. The place he was headed for was just what the name implied; it was in the middle of the underground structure. They used the large room as a sort of cafeteria, and they would usually sit around a contained fire and spout words to each other about their day, their pasts, what they thought the future would be like. No one ever had an answer for that last question.
When he entered the room he found the majority of the "Rebels" sitting around a metal trash can with flames licking at the opening. The only ones not present were the twins, River, and Jade. I wonder what the hell those two are up to now. But where could Jade be?
Ayden cleared his throat loudly and four heads turned in his direction. He had everyone's attention, good. The others will hear about this soon enough, I'm sure someone will tell them. "So, as you all know, we've been keeping River locked up, per a majority vote."
"Who's River?" Lino asked. Oh, right. He's new.
Tempest answered for him. "He's one of us, except...dangerous. We have no idea what he intends to do. I say we keep him in there."
"And I say we don't," Ayden said, "I'm going to let him out. He'll eat with us today."
Tempest opened her mouth in protest, but Abril placed a hand on her shoulder, silencing her. "We must give 'em a chance," Abril said, grinning softly. She hadn't disposed of the eye patch since she had it on at the search-and-rescue, and her flamboyant hair and attire seemed to make it seem right at home. "We gave Lino the benefit of the doubt, and the same should go for River."