
She gave a tense nod before dashing through the entrance. Not again, he thought, not another incident. Please.
******
As soon as Jade entered the daycare, thick, black smoke hit her in the face, the strong smell filling her nostrils and lungs as if she were drowning in a pool. She wished she were drowning instead of enduring the dark puffs clouding around her face.
"Help! Help us!" Coughs followed the high-pitched yelps for assistance. I need to get to them. Jade dropped to a crouch and moved as fast as she could. I can make it in time. If I can get to them, I can get them out of here. Remember your vow...
She came to a door at the end of the hall. It was locked. After letting out an exasperated sigh and saying, "There goes my shoulder," she rammed into the door. It gave way easily under the heat.
Six children sat in a circle in the center of the room, some holding stuffed animals, others harboring nothing. Their faces were stained with a glistening black, and sweat dripped down their cheeks. Or maybe tears. Many coughed uncontrollably, but all of them were the same in the sense that they were terrified.
She could see why. On the other end of the room, flames were just beginning to eat away at the only other door to the room. I can save them. "Hey, we need to get out of here," she started in the kindest and calmest voice she could muster. "Just follow me, and we can leave, okay?" Each head bobbed up and down and the tiny beings instinctively moved closer to Jade. She turned and headed to the door she came in through.
A crackling sound came from above Jade's and she hopped backwards, almost knocking over a kid or two. A flaming chunk of ceiling collapsed in front of her, barricading the only exit. One child wailed. No, no, no. That was the only way out. That can't be the only way out. Her eyes flicked over to the other door, which was now engulfed in hungry fire. She placed her palms on her temples and squeezed.
Jade felt a tug on her shirt and looked down. "Are we going to die here?" a child asked. He was only six, at the most. He's too damn young for this.
"No." She didn't even need to think to answer that. "Of course we'll get out of here. I promise."
A window fell in her sights. She picked up a chair and tossed it at the glass. It didn't even leave a scratch. Jade cursed under her breath and moved for another chair. After telling the children to stand against the back wall, she swung it again. It bounced off like a basketball.
Come on, keep trying. She nearly bumped into a table in her episode of pacing. There. The desk. It was heavy, and large. Hopefully large enough to break the glass. However, there was no way she'd be able to move it alone...
Jade waved the children over and they did so without hesitation. "I need you all to push this at that window as hard as you can. Okay?" Soon there were fourteen hands gripping the edge of the desk; twelve were varying sizes of small. "On the count of three, we push. One..." This better work. "Two..." If it doesn't, we're done. "Three!"
The glass shattered upon impact. Shards scattered across the floor, but no one paid any mind to it and they scrambled through the hole. Fresh air was a privilege at this point, freedom from smoke and ash.
However, the calm was short-lived, for several small objects punched the ground across the street, causing concrete and chunks of dirt to come undone from their rightful places. "Kids, hide!" Jade screamed. "Just don't stay in the same place! Don't--"
"Jade! Something's coming!" Ian practically dragged her away from the scene, away from the warnings she was providing.