
"What is it, boy?" The cowboy-child pointed out to open sea, directing everyone's gaze to the black waves.
"Lights! That's a good thing, right?"
The Ayden-guy stood up with a blanket wrapped over his shoulders. Still shivering, he squinted. His jaw dropped slightly and then tightened again. "He's right, there's lights over there, attached to a boat-looking thing."
"Then what are we waiting for? Get us moving officer!" someone demanded. The officer controlling the lifeboat motor got to work on pulling levers up and down and pressing several buttons.
"Wait! We don't know what kind of boat that is!" Ayden faced the officer. "What if they want to kill us?"
"Now why would they want to do that? We need help."
"That's exactly why they would want to do that. Trust me, we don't want to go over to it until we're positive that we won't be harmed," Ayden argued.
"Don't be silly young man. No one will--"
"You don't know what will happen!" Jade stood up and walked over to the officer. "You don't know what either of us have been through, you have no idea what could happen. So listen to Ayden and follow his instructions! As contributor to ending the attacks, I demand that you pay attention to the damn man! Understood?"
Surprised gasps escaped a few people, and the officer stood with his mouth agape. He stared at her dumbfounded for a while. The only thing that took him out of the state he was in was a tug on his trousers. He looked down to see the cowboy-child looking up at him. "You should listen to her, she's awesome. She saved me in New York one time. I asked her if we would die, and she said no, and she was right! I think she's psychic too, so that's another reason you should do what she says."
The officer gave Jade and the boy an apologetic look before gesturing for Ayden to step forward. He did so, and Lea watched in interest as Jade crouched down to the cowboy-child's level. Leaning forward, Lea listened in to what was being said.
"Thank you, Miss Jade."
"No, thank you kid. What's your name?"
"Charlie."
"Well, Charlie. I like that name. Now that I get a closer look, I recognize you. You've gotten so big since the last time I saw you! It's too bad we had to reunite like this though . . ." Jade's voice trailed off.
"I'm fine with it. You saved everyone so nothing bad happened on the ship, right?"
Silence followed for a few short moments before Jade spoke again. "I'm afraid not, Charlie. There's only so much some people can do for others. I probably could've done more though ... I'm sorry. I should go sit down."
"Don't cry, Miss Jade. You did what you could. If it weren't for you I wouldn't even be here to tell you this! Be happy."
"Thank you, Charlie." When nothing more was said, Lea leaned back and covered her eyes again. This time, her hands were getting wet. Tears slid through the cracks between her fingers and traveled down the backs of her hands. Realization hit Lea hard.
She would've saved James if she was able to.
++++++
Days had passed. Ayden had been wrong about the lights in the distance, and they were welcomed aboard warmly. Food and blankets were provided, and although it wasn't the most comfortable, a place was made to sleep on the deck.