
Ayden turned back to Jade. "Are you sure about this?"
"I'm positive. I'm not going to run away anymore like a little coward. I wouldn't want to go down any other way."
"Oh, come on, don't talk like that. It's making me feel like a real piece of shite. There's still a chance for you to get out of here unharmed. Alive."
"Are you listening? I'm not leaving, and that is final. Unless some miracle happens and a guy falls from the sky and murders everyone, there's no way we're getting out of here. And I'm not going to leave you alone with this." She grabbed at his hand, and gripped it tightly in her own. "We're in this together, whether you like it or not."
"That's the cheesiest line I've ever heard, but if you say so."
The two turned to face the leader, hand in hand, afraid of nothing. There was no backing out now. I've paid my fair share. I've done what I was put here to do. Ayden tightened his grip on her hand. I bet he's scared. I'm not, but he probably is.
"Are you two ready?" the man in front of them asked. Ayden and Jade both looked at each other, nodded, and turned back to face him.
"Yes," they said in unison.
"Wow, Ayden, this is the most cooperation I've ever gotten from you. Alright, better get this over with before you change your minds. Raise the guns!" Several people in each group lifted a handgun, each aimed directly at the two in the center of the room. "On the count of...ten. And then after the ten on my go. Make it suspenseful for them. One..."
Ayden looked back down at Jade, a bead of sweat forming on his forehead. He gulped. "How do you feel about this?"
"Two."
"Ready. I feel ready," she said.
"Three."
He let out a nervous laugh. "Glad you're so fearless about this."
"Five."
"And what about you? How do you feel?"
"Six."
"Terrified. Absolutely, positively terrified." His hand was becoming sweaty and hot, and his forehead was lined with beads of sweat. Jade felt bad for him, but there wasn't much she could do to help.
"Eight."
She pulled him into a hug, a tight one, digging her face into his chest. "Most people don't get to go out this way. With a friend, a loved one. This is the way I want to go."
"Nine."
"Me too," he said, voice cracking. "Me too."
"Ten. Wait for my go!"
Jade waited for the bullets to puncture her skin, to send a searing pain through each area of her body. She waited to hear Ayden's screams and her own shouts. She waited to feel blood running along her destroyed body, to soak and drench her ripped clothes. She waited to smell the metallic liquid fill the air. She waited to experience the life drain out of her very being. She waited for the cheers of victory that would surely follow her death.
But Jade did not feel blood or pain, she did not smell metal, she did not hear screams or cheers. What she did hear though, was the sound of glass breaking just above her head. She heard millions of tiny shards of glass rain down, crashing against the mall floors. A few bounced against the ground and scraped at her ankles, but she didn't care. She was only confused.