
A/N: Warning: There is alcohol use in this chapter. Just a heads up. Also, song attached fits the chapter, I guess? Yeah. Enjoy! Also, tell me what you think of Evan. He's one of my new favorites, not gonna lie.
*******************
"She's--" Punch. "Just a--" Punch. "Fucking--" Punch. "Two-faced--" Punch. "No good--" Punch. "Ignorant--" Punch. "Whore!" One last blow was placed upon the poor, red punching bag hanging from the ceiling in Ian's and Jade's living room. No, Ian thought. My living room. This is my apartment now. This has nothing to do with Ja--...I mean, Her.
Ian gave the sack hanging from his ceiling a once over with narrowed eyes. It rocked back and forth, mocking him. No, no, it's not messing with me. It's inanimate and incapable of messing with me. Jade though, she's an expert in this field. Making me believe she actually cared for me. He spat at the bag and watched as his saliva slowly ran down the surface.
Earlier that morning while he had been putting the destroyed holiday tree away in its hiding place, he had found the old punching bag that he hadn't seen since his junior year of high school. At first he was hesitant, but after many agonizing minutes of standing there staring at it in the stuffy room he had lugged it out to the living room and hooked it up to the ceiling. It was now afternoon, and he was exhausted. He didn't let the tiresome feeling get to him, though. Despite how much he wanted to get back to punching, he deemed water important due to his loss of body liquid through sweat.
As he jogged over to the kitchen and filled up a cup with tap water, he couldn't help but think aloud. "See? I can be smart. I can determine when to 'hydrate' and 'feed' and all of that stuff. I don't need Her. I don't need anyone. They obviously don't need me, so why should I give them the benefit of my trust?" He lifted the full cup to his mouth and chugged it down. When not a single drop was left he slammed it down on the counter and moved hastily back to the living room.
Ian walked in circles around the bag like a predator examining its prey. "I can deal with being alone. I just thought I couldn't because my mind was too full of the crap She planted in my mind." He took a swing at the bag and it rocked back and forth upon impact. A frown attached itself to his face. "I've been alone for years. Even when I was surrounded by people, I've been by myself." Ian took another swing at the bag, this time punching twice consecutively. He then lurched to the right and landed a hook shot against the strong fabric. "Being alone should be my hobby. It's about time I've learned to enjoy it, since I do it all the time. The past months were practice. No one is coming back, no one wants to be around me." Speaking his thoughts aloud may have been a venting process for him, but the more the words sunk in and soaked his mind, the faster his fists flew.
He only paused for one second. The bag was covering the entirety of the window from where he stood, and the light streaming inside peeked around the edges, causing the bag to look more like a shadow looking over him instead of a piece of boxing equipment. His mind couldn't help but tell him that this was some sort of sign. The air conditioner kicked on just then, and the box underneath the window began blowing air throughout the room. Curtains blew and billowed around the bag even though it was nowhere close to the window to begin with. From where Ian stood, though, it was like a robed figure. Maybe the Grim Reaper, perhaps? Death? The sweat that adorned his shirt and forehead flashed between hot and cold, and his breathing became ragged. I wonder, has anyone ever died from loneliness? From abandonment? From reality?
Isolation was the only word swirling through his mind. Isolation. Trapped. Alone. Isolation. He would be alone, trapped in this cold apartment, isolated from the rest of the world. The Death-figure stared back at him as he tossed this around in his brain. Has anyone ever died from isolation? The Death-figure was silent.