
How did I even get myself in this mess?
Just as she let go of the thought knowing it wouldn't be answered, Brad came jogging over to her, sweat lining his disguise uniform and brow.
"I think it's time to light this place up. It's dark in here anyways," he said. Some part of Jade wondered if he was mentally stable too. Maybe Brad and Lea are unstable buddies. I can imagine it now: the two of them frolicking through the fields, lighting innocent flocks of sheep on fire and laughing as they disappear in a puff of ash and smoke.
Brad backed up a little and pulled a small metal object out of one of his several pockets. He flipped the top up and a flame spurted out. Brad's face was completely serious now, wiped clean of his faint smirk. "I'll start at the places I covered. Once you hear a high whistling sound, get out as fast as you can, and keep running no matter what. Distance yourself from the remaining tanks." He shoved Jade away from the fuel cabinet a little, not that it would protect her from much.
Jade nodded her head and turned to walk towards the side that she hadn't drenched in fuel. As she was starting to walk away, Brad grabbed her wrist and turned her around.
"Jade . . .promise me this," he said.
"Anything for a friend," she replied.
"If I don't make it . . . tell an Andrew Nise that he was the best brother someone could have. Okay?" He raised his eyebrows and pursed his lips slightly.
Jade stood silent for a moment. "Of course."
"Good. Thanks hero-girl." With a pat on the back and a gentle shove towards the garage doors, he was gone.
When she saw his back she figured that was her cue to get moving again. She walked over to where she had been heading before, stopping in front of one of the smaller tanks on the opposite side of the garage. The time it was taking was excruciating. I swear it's been like ten minutes since he left to go burn shit.
Then she heard it. And then she smelled it. And then . . . she saw it.
An inferno was starting up in the other room, the one with all of the guns in it. She could smell everything burning, and the crackling kept getting louder. Jade wasn't sure why though. Just as she let that thought enter her mind, she caught sight of the flames blazing up and start their trek towards the garage, following Brad's trail of gasoline. Jade could just barely hear the high-pitched whistle over the loud crackling of the fire and sudden yells of frightened people.
It took her a minute to process how close the flames were getting to the tanks. The tanks filled with even more gasoline. The tanks that would surely blow her face off if she stayed where she was any longer. She remembered the whistle, and dashed towards the garage doors. They were shut. Her head whipped around frantically looking for something that would open them, a lever or a button or something. Anything.
This was backfiring badly. Jade knew that she should have stopped Brad. But I didn't. Which made her just as bad as him. A bloodcurdling scream came from the tanks. Jade's curiosity could've gone and died in a hole right then for all she cared. She made the gruesome mistake of turning around.
An innocent person was burning to death. She could hear the screaming, so high and loud that it made her not want to live anymore. The charred flesh was all that was visible after a few seconds of the deadly heat. Then the smell hit her. That sickening smell that made her insides shrivel up. Burning flesh. It took all her strength not to keel over and vomit right on the spot.