
"He did, did he?" Jade asked, giving Ayden a sideways glance. "Nice to meet you too."
She smiled even bigger and bounced back a few steps, nudging the other girl in the arm. "Come on, introduce yourself! Don't be such a downer!"
The girl pulled away from Abril, irked by the gesture. Her eyes flashed up to meet Jade's. "Tempest. My name is Tempest." She pulled her gaze away again and returned to the comfort of staring at the table.
Abril shrugged. "Don't know what's got her in the dumps. Ah, no matter. Logan!" No answer. "Logan? Aye!" She snapped her fingers in front of the boys' face, finally diverting his attention away from the object he held. He seemed startled for a moment and snapped his head back and forth, left and right. His eyes fell on Jade and he smiled. Not as bright as Abril had, but it was still warm and welcoming.
Abril opened her mouth to speak but Ayden beat her to it. "This is Logan, the kid I was telling you about. I see he's been working hard on his latest project." He skipped over to the young boys' side and rested his arm on his shoulders, ruffling his dark brown hair with a balled up fist. Logan ducked and chuckled, and a dash of red tinted his cheeks. "Isn't that right kiddo?"
"H-hi, Jade," Logan said.
Jade smiled back at him this time in greeting and held out a hand for him to shake. He reached an arm out and took it, shaking it for quite some time. When he took it away, however, Jade noticed a slight twitch in his wrist. Probably just a minor muscle spasm, she thought.
Ayden clasped his hands together and said, "Right, so now that we're all introduced--well, not all introduced, but for the most part--I guess we should start planning. You guys all up for it?"
"Yeah!" Abril exclaimed. "What's it this time? Don't tell me it's another undercover grocery shopping mission. I mean, it's fun and all, but not very exciting."
"Oh, don't worry about a lack of excitement." Ayden smirked, staring directly at Jade. "There'll be plenty of that."
"Alright, enough trying to look dramatic, just get to the point. Knowing you we'll be here all day listening to you ramble on." Kane crossed his arms over his chest, drumming his fingers along his forearm in thoughtfulness. "Not that listening to you ramble on is boring. I find it kind of amusing."
The grin on Ayden's face faltered slightly. "Right. Well, I wrote down some plans on a piece of paper, and I believe I have a map somewhere in here..." He bent over and flipped a latch attached to the table. He grabbed at a handle and yanked it open, then proceeded to lean in, squinting into the darkness as he searched for this so-called "map." He mumbled a few words and scratched his head. "I could've sworn I put them in here. Maybe if I..." He leaned in closer, almost sitting in the compartment. "Hey, what's this thi--"
"Rah!"
"Ah!" Ayden stumbled back on all fours, crawling away from the compartment. A look of shock crossed his face first, and then annoyance. "Maddox!"
A bout of uproarious laughter echoed from inside of the compartment, followed by a few loud bangs and many rounds of "ow." A flash of orangish-red popped out and back in, receiving exasperated sighs from all but Jade. She took a step closer, curious about whoever was hiding out in the small, box-like area. Abril placed her hands on her hips and laughed. Her hand shot out and into the hole and she waved it around inside until she got a good hold on something. She waited, adding suspense to the reveal of this prankster. With the flex of a few muscles, she yanked, tugging and pulling at what she had grabbed. "Ow, ow, ow!"