
"I..." Rick trailed off. "I'm gonna wait outside for a minute...give you time to cool down a bit." He walked out of the room, shutting the door yet again.
Brad's eyes moved back over to Lea. He had never really ever got a good look at her face before; whenever he had looked at her it was always a small glance while he listened to an order she was giving. But now he had time to take in every detail of it. She had high cheekbones that had a few small bruises on them at the moment. Her face was roundish and small, and her short, boyish, dark hair that was almost black stuck out in between the bandages adorning her head. She was extremely pale, and Brad hoped that this was natural and not from blood loss or illness. She also had distinctive, sharp facial features. The most noticeable thing though, was how she was frowning even in her sleep, as if it had been etched into her face over the years and became stuck like that. Brad recalled how he had never seen her smile, not even at one of Rick's goofy sayings. Kinda beautiful...
Brad lowered his eyes and stared at the thin, white blankets covering her small figure and went into deep thought. What happened to her to make her snap like that? Who broke this girl?
He placed his hands on the edge of the bed and clenched his eyes shut, thinking. The blankets slightly tugged under his grasp, and he knew it wasn't by his own hand that made them move. Brad's eyes snapped open and moved over to Lea's face. Her eyes were still closed but she kept squeezing them tighter as she tried to turn onto her side. She made a small yelping sound and her eyes flickered open, taking in her surroundings. Her gaze landed on Brad, and she raised a bruised eyebrow.
She sat up quickly only to jerk back down again, holding her head and grimacing. "What happened...?" she asked, slurring her words.
"I...uh...well..." Brad couldn't bring himself to say it. "You were h-hit by a...by a car..." he trailed off, not making eye contact with her.
Her eyes widened and she seemed to remember. Does she know it was me though? Brad bit his lip, trying to hide the panic. He was usually pretty good at hiding things, but this was something entirely different. Face to face with someone he'd caused pain to.
"Huh...do you know what happened after I blacked out?"
"Most of it..." No eye contact. His eyes flitted everywhere around the room except at her.
"Tell me! I wanna know how gruesome I looked. All the details, chop chop," Lea pressed a button on the side of the bed, allowing her to sit up without moving. She put her hands behind her head. "Well? Go on."
"I-I-I'm...uh..." Brad couldn't speak properly. She just continued surprising him. You would think she'd be a little angry at whoever did this to her, upset even. But as long as he stared at her she showed no emotion other than boredom.
"Oh, quit your stuttering you wuss. There's nothing else for me to do, as you can see," she said, gesturing with one hand at herself. She raised her hand up to her face and squinted, flipping it back and forth. "My nails look terrible. There's some blood under them. Oh well. Are you gonna get on with story time or what?"
Brad stood there with his jaw dropped. Is this how she really is? Wow...I like it. He shook his head. My brain makes some strange U-turns sometimes.
"If you don't mind me asking, even though I would've asked even if you did, why did you come to see me?" Lea asked.
His hands slowly slid down his face until he ran out of face for them to slide on, and they fell to his side. "I wanted to see if you were alright."