
Her group was preparing as they inched closer to the shocked few that stood in the lobby of the headquarters, mouths agape. Some still wore their purely colored garments, hoods down, but others wore more casual attire, something that should've struck her as strange but didn't. The Rebels had their weaponry out and ready before the Combatants knew the extent of what was happening. When they did, half ran through a door in escape, and the other half pulled out blades that, from a distance, were similar to what Ayden held, but up close were nothing like it.
Paj slowly straightened its posture until it matched Ayden's who, for the record, had an almost linear stance. His previous statement of using the element of surprise diminished, for he made no implications of moving. Instead, he studied the surface of his blade while speaking to no specific person, but an entire group that stood before him. "Hand over the man you kidnapped and we won't have any issues. No fighting. Peace. Wouldn't that be a much better alternative than some of you being seriously injured?"
One Combatant stepped forward, brandishing a small firearm. Jade was jolted into observation and scanned the group on the other side of the room. Several held guns, or had one on them, something she'd failed to notice before. Blades tended to be more noticeable than small metallic objects, in her opinion. She returned her attention to the new speaker. "We've been ordered to guard all hostages," he said. "Giving them up would be out of the question." He paused for a moment, thinking. "You're the infamous Ayden Tate, I presume?" Ayden nodded and the man continued. "I'm positive that if you turn yourself in we can make a trade and give you the hostage you're looking for. You'd be much more valuable than the sissies we've collected."
Ayden tilted his head slightly, probably rolling the option around in his mind. No, Jade thought, I can't have him do that. We came here to steal Ian anyway, so might as well do as planned. These negotiations are pointless. The leader glanced at Jade. She shook her head and he nodded in understanding. At least she hoped that's what it was.
"I'll have to deny that negotiation on behalf of my groups wishes," Ayden said.
"So be it," the opposing man said, lifting and cocking the pistol that had been aimed directly at Ayden's forehead. The victim showed no distress at the swift movement. "What?" the man asked, dumbfounded at the leader's lack of response. "Not afraid of having a bullet in your head, mate?"
Ayden continued his hard-stare. He looks bored. "Mathias, make sure your shot doesn't kill him."
The man holding Ayden at gunpoint screeched in agony as a bullet pierced his arm, forcing him to drop his weapon. It landed on the ground with a clatter, as did the man to his knees, blood pooling from the wound in his forearm. In the short moment of dead silence that followed, aside from whimpering, Jade swore she heard a few drops splatter against the polished marble floors. She only had time for one collected thought before the danger would hit a spike. Here we go again.
All around her, the Rebels accepted the bloodshed as their cue. Into position they went. Maddox and Mathias stood side by side, two pistols in the former and one in the latter, already firing at the legs of the Combatants. Logan gripped one of his own, shaking and giving a violent twitch every so often. Jade could only hope that he wouldn't hurt himself or someone he didn't mean to.
Abril charged forward with her sword, all cheerfulness gone and replaced with a clear sense of concentration. Tempest loaded an arrow into her crossbow and fired it into the arm of an enemy approaching. Lino remained by her side despite muttered urges from her to help out.