
"Almost got everyone in!" someone shouted from behind me. "Hey, what are you doing, get in!"
"Brad, I can't! I--" Jade was hoisted into the air and held above Brad's head, and she quickly grabbed ahold of the rungs and held on for dear life.
"Your welcome by the way. How the hell are you so lightweight?"
Jade let out a nervous laugh before continuing up the ladder, throwing herself into the helicopter and positioning herself at an angle so that she could still aim her pistol at the mob. Not that I intend on using it. The helicopter rose higher and higher, accelerating in speed with each passing second. Soon they were out of the range of the mob of soldiers guns, and Jade quickly stuck hers back in her belt. Then the relief set in, and she slid deeper into the interior of the flying transportation, laying down. She was exhausted. "Running from angry mobs with guns really takes a lot out of you doesn't it?"
Rick grinned at her statement before leaning back and resting his own eyes. Jade felt her lids become heavy, and soon it became painful to keep them open any longer. I guess it wouldn't hurt to get a little shut-eye . . . I just hope things are over now. After what we did, the Enemies won't dare mess with us again.
That was her last thought before she drifted into a deep sleep. She wished that she had known how wrong she had been about that statement. This was far from over.
~*~*~*~
The dust flew into the air as Ian blew onto the wooden surface of the nightstand. Nothing had really been cleaned since Jade had left, it was something of little importance to him. But now that he was in higher spirits, Ian felt like it was time to do something about all of this muck and dust laying about.
He walked over to the now rarely used closet in the hallway that held all of the cleaning supplies. His hand rested on the knob. Dannnng gurl. Even the doorknobs are dusty. It swung open and a broom fell and hit him square in the forehead.
"Ow! What the hell wicked witch of the west? Why you gotta park your broomstick here?" he asked to no one in particular, jokingly. He was in a way better mood than he ahd been in a few day ago. He picked the broom off the floor, pulled out a mob, bucket, feather duster, cleaning spray, rags, and anything else that he thought could be useful. Time to get started . . .
***
After about 4 hours of excruciating, non-stop cleaning, Ian finished with all but one room, the bedroom. He had even organized and rearranged some things in the other rooms, but everything in this room he vowed would stay the same. When Jade came home he would tell her about how he did all this, and she would be speechless. The idea of Ian making the bed was shocking enough, but the whole house would be spotless, and she would be unable to speak audible words. Ian was beyond excited for her to come back home, he missed her with a burning sensation.
He pushed open the door and walked inside. Ian pulled everything off the bed and shoved it into a giant plastic bag, he would make a trip to the Laundromat today. Pushing the bag across the room and making it thud against the wall, he walked over to the nightstand drawer. It was small and built into an intricately designed 3 foot tall chunk of wood. Ian had no idea why, but Jade loved it. Guess it's a girl thing.
It was yanked open and a small little box covered in a soft something slid towards Ian, the thing he had bought the other day. There was a photo album as well. A lighter. One of Jade's small bottles of perfume. A jumble of keys. This was pretty much the junk drawer, but neither of the inhabitants of the apartment  would ever call it junk. These were all of their most precious things, each item bringing back a fresh memory.