
"I, uh, I'm leaving now." Jade turned around and snatched the bag off of the chair, slinging it over her shoulder. She decided she should at least say bye, and turned around again. "Ian-- oh no."
Ian stood behind the Christmas tree, arms outstretched. "What the hell did I do to deserve this?!" He plowed into the tree, toppling it over. It crashed to the floor, shaking the apartment. Bulbs burst, sending little specks of glass flying through the air. Ian lay atop the tree, yanking at the artificial branches. "Why do things like this keep happening?! Things that keep giving me this fucking feeling?! It all started back in school, when that she-devil came into my life!" He looked up at Jade, and his look turned cold. His brows furrowed, and his lips curved down more than what Jade thought was even possible. "Get out."
"Ian?"
"I said. Get. Out!" His voice boomed throughout the house, echoing off the walls. "I'm sick of you! Out, get out!
Jade felt her eyes dampen slightly, but blinked the moisture away. She backed away, keeping her eyes glued to Ian just in case. She stumbled over a pair of shoes lying in the middle of the floor, landing hard on her bottom. Scrambling backwards, she watched Ian's eyebrows angle down even more. "Hurry up!"
"I am, I am!" She jumped to her feet and latched onto the front door's knob, twisting it and throwing herself out into the freezing air. It slammed shut behind her without her having to touch it and she jumped, chilled by the fact that Ian had probably popped up behind her as soon as her back was turned. Wanting to be as far away from him as possible, she began running down the porch steps. The slight breeze sent waves of cold across her bare arms and face, nipping at her nose. Her legs pumped as she ran along the narrow sidewalk that led to the house, slick with ice. At one point she lost her footing and collapsed to the ground, groaning from the impact of landing on ice and concrete. She tried pushing herself up again, only to slip down once more.
The exhaustion of not having enough sleep overcame her, and she pressed her forehead against the frozen surface. I don't even care if Ian comes out here. I could use the help getting up. If he would even do that. Maybe with the fee of a punch, or a slap to my face. Yeah, seems pretty fair considering what I just did to him.
Jade felt the urge to just give up. To give in. Give up her struggles and give in to the death that had been trying to catch her continuously and without mercy. For two years it had left. But just like one who thirsted for revenge, it came back. And it would keep coming back. Even if she survived long enough to see the end of the war, another crusade would follow her into the future. Maybe next it would be a fire? A shooting? Something as out there as someone tracking her down and killing her themselves? Another car crash, another war? Maybe emotions would be the death of her? The possibilities were endless. And to be honest, Jade didn't know just how much more she could take. Right now, she felt as though she had already hit her limit.
The sound of tires screeching against pavement filled her ears, but she didn't care to look up. The screech was halted abruptly, sounding as if it had stopped not too far from where she lay. Maybe I deserve to freeze to death here. It'd just be making the inevitable come sooner. Jade closed her eyes, welcoming the searing pain seeping into her veins, inviting the frost to bite at her uncovered arms. The bag that was once on her shoulder slid down, finding a comfortable place in the soft snow.
A loud bang came from the same place the screeching had stopped, most likely a car door being closed. Whoever closed it must've been mad or in a hurry though, because it was so loud Jade would bet everyone in the neighborhood heard it. Oh well. They can go back to sleep easy.