

Something in Jade's mind was switched out with another. It had to have been, otherwise, she wouldn't have morphed her calm hand into a shaking fist, nor would she have brought it back behind her head, and even still, she wouldn't have sent it flying for Maloy's face and he would not have stumbled backwards with his hands covering the side of his jaw. I won't let people die if I can prevent it. And no one will say otherwise.

At some point, Jade regained her usual behavior, and pressed her lips into a straight line as she watched Maloy trudge up to her. Despite how much she wanted to back away, she didn't. She would not retire herself to showing weakness. That's the worst thing you can do.

Maloy stopped in front of her. What he did next surprised Jade yet again. He smiled. Why are smiles so shocking all of a sudden? And why, of all things, is he grinning like a mad-man after that? Is he going to hit me back? Is he...is he...what's he doing now?

Maloy had Jade's wrist in his hand, and he was gripping it tightly. Jade resisted the urge to smack his hand away, and continued questioning what he was doing in her mind. Her own fingers were brought up to his face, and she was forced to feel the spot on his jaw she had plugged. The grin remained on his face as her fingers brushed the skin. "That, Maliks, is the result of a punch. A simple punch can throw your opponent off guard, especially a strong one like that. And even more so because of your misjudging appearance. It may not only save you, but others as well. Not to mention whoever you hit will wake up with a nasty bruise in the morning."

Maloy released Jade's wrist and she backed up a few feet. I hurt him? He must be weaker than I thought. That, or I'm somehow stronger.

General Banks finally decided to say something, averting Jade's attention. "Very interesting. Maloy, I can just tell that you're dying to say more, but it can wait until tomorrow. You have five weeks to say whatever you wish to her. For now, I need to nourish her. Excuse us."

The two left the gym and proceeded down a pristine hallway. Banks had his hand on Jade's back, moving her along around bends and corners in  the route. "It seems you have gotten on tough ole' Maloy's good side. I can see he has a particular liking to you."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Jade asked, moving away from him slightly until he dropped his arm.

"Not much, just that he's going to work you extra hard. He's already doing that just because of your limited time here, and he'll add more on top of that." Banks smirked. "It'll be in your best efforts to stay on his short list of people he prefers here. It's very hard to get on, and you just wrote yourself in with permanent marker."

"I see," Jade lied. What the hell kind of metaphorical stuff is he spewing?

They rounded the final corner of their long walk, and Banks pushed open a set of double doors. A cafeteria lay before them, filled to the brim with sweaty beings shoveling food into their mouths. Jade's stomach grew jealous, and demanded to be filled.