
A/N: A large majority of the parts in this one were left alone, since I got a little lazy with this and need to start up on the next chapter. Please tell me if you see mistakes or if something looks weird. Oh, also, the friendship between General Banks and Jade is important. Other than that, I hope you enjoy.
******
Ian lay awake that night, unable to retire into a peaceful slumber. His thoughts crowded his mind, leaving no room for the idea of sleep. All he could think about was how Jade was there, right there, in front of him, and how tomorrow she would be gone. Taken away to go some unknown whereabouts, away from him.

Dawn soon came, and Jade awoke, which suited Ian well since his eyes weren't giving the slightest hint to becoming heavy. Before long she was standing by the front door with her green duffel bag in hand.

"Well...I guess I'd better get going then..." she said, staring at an old stain on the wall.

"Without me seeing you off?" Ian asked. He tried to sound cheerful, but it only came out as a crackled question. He lowered his eyes to the ground and sighed. Jade didn't catch it.

Ian took a few steps closer to Jade, staring past her reluctantly at the wooden door. Ian shook his head, shaking off his hesitance, and grabbed ahold of the cool doorknob. They stepped out into the morning light, Ian knowing that the next time he would walk back inside would be without Jade. Empty and lonely and cold. Empty. Freezing. Alone.

It was still early, the sun had just risen above the horizon, giving off a soft orange glow. Ian loved dawn. It would take a while to walk to where the plane would be waiting for Jade. He savored the time, walking as slow as he possibly could. The two shared a melodic silence. There was a certain feel to it, and whether it was the hint of calm or an omen of worry, he didn't know. Ian didn't mind.

However, time was still flying by like that of a jet. Ian could see the large field they would have to cross to get to the plane. The plane was just a speck from where he was, but he urged it to stay a speck, to never have to see it up close.

They turned and started walking through the tall, light green grass. It went up a few inches above Ian's ankles, tickling his skin. There were flowers scattered around, all different kinds and all different colors. Light purples, whites, pinks, yellows, light blues, and soft reds were bringing color and brightness to the otherwise barren landscape. In the center, there was a large oak, so enormous that two children could hug it and their fingertips wouldn't touch.

Ian was so engulfed in his surroundings that he almost missed how Jade squeezed his hand as they neared the plane. It looked like a regular plane, only smaller, and not like any military plane. A tall, uniformed man stepped out from the shadows of the plane. "Jade Maliks, I see you have brought someone to see you off. Husband, I presume?" he asked.

"We're not married," Jade said. "Just very close, sir."

This is the guy that convinced her to leave me. Ian dug his nails into the skin of his palms, ignoring the sting it brought.

"I see. Well, it's time for you to board. Say your goodbyes and we'll be off," the man said. He walked up the stairs to the entrance of the plane and disappeared behind the thick layers of metal.