
NOTE: I still have yet to go through and change the whole "Enemies" thing into IT. So please bare with me until I make that change. Again, this is my first draft, so it will be FAR from even good.
------------------
The mad dash back to the trail that the team had walked along to get to the warehouse was psychotic. As Brad and Jade ran their hearts out, Rick and Lea stood there with dropped jaws, eyes bulging at the chunk of metal that used to be a building. Smoke emitted from the flames flickering inside, rising high into the air. They looked like black clouds compared to the sky that was just beginning to show the signs of dawn, turning a deep, dark blue.
Lea was the first to come out of her trance. She shook her head before flailing her arms about as Jade and Brad neared. "That wasn't part of the plan at all! You're going to have some serious explaining to General Banks about this! Rick, back me up on this!"
She faced him, and Rick was still staring at the scene. His mouth gaped open slightly and kept moving, as if he were trying to speak but nothing was coming out. Lea lowered her eyes, and Jade thought she saw pity in her eyes as she finally caught up. So she does have a soul.
Brad bent over and rested his hands on his knees, gasping for breath. "What's up with Rick? He doesn't look too good over there."
They all turned to face Rick; his mouth was moving as he breathed out inaudible words. "Rick?" Jade took a step closer. She could catch a few of the words he was whispering.
"N-not again. No. No more fire, I'm done with fire. Smoke, smoke, no. Loraine . . ." He closed his eyes, and Jade caught sight of a wet trickle making its way down his cheek.
"Rick . . ." She placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. "We need to--"
"What? Oh, sorry." He scratched the back of his head, acting as if his shock had never happened. "My bad. We should get moving now."
"That's right. And we better get a move on . . . like now!" Everyone turned in the direction Lea was pointing. Wow, they get here quick, Jade thought. As soon as they saw where she was pointing and what she was pointing at, everyone took off at a full-speed run. There was a heck of a lot of space between themselves and the people chasing them, but the space they couldn't catch up with, the bullets would make up for. Jade pushed herself forward, pumping her arms and taking long strides as she dodged tangles of old rotting tree roots and other obstacles that Mother Nature had laid out for her.
After seemingly hours, Jade and her team-mates felt like they had no more energy to move their legs anymore, exhaustion beginning to settle in their burning legs and begging lungs. Jade had been leading the way along the trail for miles, and to add on to the stress their bodies were under, the only way to go was up a steepening hill straight ahead. Panting and gasping for air with heavy legs was something each of them took part in. Jade glimpsed behind her to take a quick peek at the mob following them and that was enough to make her get a move on. Probably from the fear and adrenaline that those people with the massive guns aimed at us are sending my way. That, or I had too much sugar before coming here.
At the top of the hill someone could see for miles on end past the immediate drop that lay in front of the team. There seemed to be no way down, and they were trapped. Or so Jade's team thought. . . something inside of her knew that there was a way out. There has to be. There's always a way out. She jogged over to the edge, daring a look down, and sure enough there was a thin slope that was naturally molded to work like a slide. A very hard, rough, bumpy slide that no one ever went on. It was like those certain slides at the park that no one liked, all the children preferring the newer, twirling slides over the dull silver ones.