
"We'll plead and bleed until you give us what we need! We'll plead and bleed until you give us what we need!" The crowd chanted in synchronization, all other sayings diminished and focused entirely on this one phrase. Jade's ears rang, but taking Ayden's warning into consideration, she chanted along with them, trying to match the accent everyone tended to have. "We'll plead and bleed until you give us what we need!"
The man on the roof raised the megaphone to his lips again. "We're trying to get you what you need. Now if you'll all just go home, it will make it that much easier!" No one moved. "We don't want to have to force you out, and I'm sure you all won't want that either. Now leave!" Still, no one moved. The chanting didn't seize. Jade looked up towards the megaphone man. He laid the megaphone on the cement ledge of the roof and looked down at it, scowling at the inanimate object as if it had wronged him in some way. His hand raised into the air, gesturing to something behind him to come forward.
Six people in riot gear walked over to the edges of the roof, three on either side of the megaphone man. They all pulled out long, black guns and pointed them into the crowd. The crowd became silent as the man picked up the megaphone again. "I didn't want to have to do this and use force, but it seems like it has come to that. If anyone tries anything sneaky or if you are all still here within an hour, they will not hesitate to shoot. Leave."
"We'll plead and bleed until you give us what we need!" a single voice chanted. It was clear and had a thick Irish accent, enthusiastic in the tone. The chanting starting up again as if they had never stopped in the first place. It was being screamed by now, and Jade winced. There go my ear drums.
Out of the corner of her eye, Jade caught someone close to the front edge of the mob pick something up off of the ground. She couldn't see what it was though. The person arched their arm back and then tossed whatever was in their hand at the megaphone man on the roof. It surged through the cool air, skimming the megaphone-man's bare arm.
He scratched his balding head. "If you result to causing physical harm and violence we may shoot you as an act of defense. Leave, and stop now!"
However, this only sparked another act of defiance. People were now picking up items off the street and whatever was close to them, and were pelting the people standing along the edges of the roof with various objects. It went from things as small as a marble to as large as a thermos. Everyone began stepping back so that they could get a good shot at them. The roof-people seemed enraged, trying to hold their fire as long as they could. But what really set them off was when a brick hit the megaphone man in the side of the head, making a sickening sound. He collapsed to the floor of the roof with a hand gripping his head, and disappeared behind the ledge. All Jade saw was his hand flick before the first round of shots went off.
Blood flew through the air from the front of the crowd, and blood-curdling screams erupted. Jade had a clear line of sight of whoever had been shot. There were a few that had been penetrated with the bullets, the closest one to her had blood spurting out of his neck like a fountain. Fingers wrapped around Jade's arm and began pulling her away just as the next round of shots went off. She, and whoever had dragged her away, had ended up in a building across the street from where things were the most hectic. Where blood had been spilled right before her very eyes. Jade turned around to face the person that had taken her to safety: Ayden. Maybe I can trust him.
"We need to leave. Now. Once those shots went out, it started a country-wide riot. This place will have gone to shite soon," he said, panting. "I have a few good routes to get to the harbor. That's the best place to be right now. I have a boat." He paused, turning to Jade and piercing her with those bright blue eyes. "The question is though, will you come with me?"