
"Can't I put the cloak back on?" he croaked out. "I've only allowed two people to see my face, and one of them is Ayden...Can't you go get him to do it?"
His suggestion didn't seem like the brightest idea. After Ayden's violent outburst, who knew what he'd do until things cooled down with him? Plus, his anger might stress Kane out more than he already was, and that would only worsen things. "Kane, it's not like I'm going to kill you if I see your face."
"Of course you won't, you wouldn't be able to even if you tried. Have you seen how you hold a gun? Amateur," he said. Jade ignored his comment figuring it would be best for him to let his emotion out in some way, even if it was through insulting her. "And your weak muscles...have fun picking up that bandage over there."
Time is wasting. "The longer we wait, the more chance you have of bleeding heavily again. Do you want me to take you to Lino instead?"
"No!" he said sharply. "No. Knowing him as I do, he won't come out of Tempest's room until she's healed. There's no point in calling for him." He paused. "Plus he almost killed me back at that HQ. Apparently I was 'too close' to Tempest and might've ended up hitting her." At this he shook his head and raised his good arm to massage his temple. "I was twenty feet away."
"Kane...you're going to stress yourself out...." she trailed off.
"So? It's not like I can get any more stressed. I'm fighting in the midst of a war, my best friend is probably going crazy, a sweet little boy just died right in front of me, a bullet went straight through my arm, and you think there's possibility for more stress? I'll tell you what I think. I think you're too dumb to notice the significance of everything around you, the consequences of the actions you, me, and everyone and their mother are making. You're just like the average citizen, too wrapped up in their own little world to realize how its affecting everyone else's. And listen, before you mention it: I may kill, but I make sure I do my research on each person beforehand so I know just what I'm changing."
Jade bit her tongue this time. Even if she were to say something, it wouldn't be nearly as thought-provoking as what Kane had said. His last sentence, especially, gave her a whole new view of him. Was he bloodthirsty? Did he hate the action?
She was just about to ask when he released his deadly grip on the side of the cot and slowly turned so that the side his injury was on was facing her and sat down next to the supplies. His head was lowered and turned away from her as far as it would go, but she caught a glimpse of an aquiline nose. "Wet the towel and clean the blood first," was all he said.
Jade dunked the towel in the bowl and wrung it out so that it was damp but not soaking. She then grabbed Kane's arm and elevated it slightly, and gently washed away the red streaks that stopped only at his fingertips. She dared to get closer to the wound and soon most of his arm was clear of the thick liquid. Carefully dabbing her way to the pit was her plan. More than once did she cause Kane to groan or flinch or complain. At once point Kane grabbed her wrist and pulled it away from his arm, neck painfully twisted away, and told her he would take care of the rest of the cleaning while she got everything else ready.
"You didn't even check for an exit wound. Some doctor you are," he said while working blind.
"Wasn't it lodged?" Jade asked.
"You tell me." He turned his arm upside down and sure enough, there was another hole on the other side, except more torn up than the other.