
There was no war. There was no Finn or Kaneley. There was no resistance group he had to lead. There were no problems whatsoever. And he loved every second of that kind of thinking.
Ayden emerged from the below decks and finally hit the top deck. He stopped moving for a moment, before bolting over to one of the ledges of the fishing vessel. "Not this side. Gotta see it!" He parted from the railing and ran in a straight line towards the other side, not stopping or slowing down for anything or anyone. Thus, resulting in a few very angry people. He ignored their infuriated remarks though. Frankly, he felt that he couldn't care less.
Finally, after seemingly an eternity, Ayden made it to the other side of the vessel, staring out towards the darkened sea. It wasn't too dark though, because the thousands of city lights glistened against the waves and along the horizon. He ignored all of that though. Why? Because he saw what gave him inspiration and hope, determination and strength.
The Statue of Liberty sat on a small mass of land so close to the vessel that he felt as though he could just reach an arm out and touch it. And that's what he wanted to do, to make sure that all of this was real and not just a figment of his imagination like all of the other times. It rose high into the air, far past Ayden's own head, its green self illuminated by a few lights shining up at it.
But what Ayden really wanted to see, was its pose. One arm was held by the side, firmly grasping a copper green book. The other arm was symbolic to Ayden, greatly significant to his personality and motives. To me, its her way of saying, "I am my own person. I can do what I want. And no one will stop me. No one will take away my rights, my freedom, my liberty. And if you do, I will rebel, I will show my defiance clearly. And if I have to do it alone, I will. But I will not stop fighting."
That was what Ayden always said to himself every night before going to sleep, before venturing on some task, before doing anything that caused him to feel even the slightest of doubt. He had said it so much, that he had it memorized word for word and he had never, not once, missed any of it. "Soon, everyone will hear me say that. The words that will be heard around the world," he breathed out. "And they'll rally behind me, with me to do what needs to be done."
Ayden stood gripping the railing tightly as the vessel moved closer to the famous statue. Eventually, he stood face to face with it. The giant and the ant, both working towards the same thing. Liberty stared down at the rebellious leader, as if reassuring him in his journey, rooting for his goals to be achieved. The fire-like lighting that illuminated the statue shined against his cheeks as well.
Without a second though, Ayden placed his feet on the rungs of the railing as if it were a ladder. He kept one arm glued to the metal, but removed the other from its resting place. His arm raised into the air, and he made sure it was just as straight and strong as The Statue of Liberty's was in front of him. His aching lips curled into a smile, and he opened them to speak the words he had been dying to speak ever since he had first seen a picture of this grand monument.
"I will push myself to the limit until I succeed. I will never plead. I may have to bleed. But no matter what, I will achieve what I need!"
This was where he removed both arms from the railing, raising both of them into the air and cheering himself on. "I've been waiting for this moment for years on end!" And it was true. The first time he had seen that picture of what he was now staring at in person, he was in a very dark place. A place he thought he would never escape. But he did escape, because he told himself he would. He told himself that once he saw this in person, he would head on to the next goal in his life. And that was what he meant to do. In those words he had spoken only a few moments before, he had announced his goal and what he would do to accomplish it.