
Jade woke up coughing and gasping for air. Her throat and lungs felt like they had just barely avoided bursting, her vision was blurry, and she had a major headache. Salty water drenched her clothes, hair, and skin, and she shivered from the draft blowing against her.
"I think she's waking up guys!" I know that voice. Jade furrowed her eyebrows, lids still covering her eyes. "Look." Brad. Jade was lifted up to a sitting position and she opened her eyes, blinking to adjust to the darkness. Her vision was slowly returning back to normal, and she could see three shadows of people surrounding her.
"You had us worried sick! We thought you had drowned! Are you okay? Can you walk?" Rick was second closest to Jade, right next to Brad, and the most concerned of the three. She responded with a weak nod.
"What happened?" Jade asked.
"You jumped out too far from the overhang, landed right in a downwards current. Brad saw where you went and swam after you. If he wouldn't have seen where you landed, then you would've been a goner," Rick explained. "He swam with you to the safest place we could find and then we tried to get you to spit up the water you swallowed. It worked, and here you are. You are one lucky person, Jade."
"I think it's time to stop wasting time on this amateur that almost got herself killed when we could be finishing our mission. Now let's move!" Lea demanded.
"Just give us a min--"
Lea interrupted Brad's argument. "I said let's move, and that is an order. I don't care what just happened, she's still alive and breathing. There's no reason why we can't keep going."
"But--"
This time it was Jade to interrupt him. "She's right. I'm fine." She turned to Rick. "Where to now?"
It took him a moment before he nodded and began fumbling to get the map. "Since we were only given around a day to get the information, we only have time for one more place. So it's your choice. Medical facility or ammunition warehouse?"
The ammunition warehouse seemed like the smartest decision. Going there would tell them what kind of weapons they could and would use against America, and it would determine whether or not their own country would fight a defensive or an offensive war. Jade suggested this to the group, and for once everyone agreed. If they were to stand a chance against the Enemies, they needed the information that would be provided there.
"Time to head out, we'll follow you Rick. You have the map," said Brad.
"We'll have to take the long route here, through secluded areas. Right now, we are wanted," Rick said.
The team ran as fast as they could push themselves to the beginning of the most secluded place Rick was able to locate. He said that it wrapped around the city and would basically lead them straight to the warehouse. Convenient. However, since the back-way hadn't been used for at least 50 years, it was overgrown beyond comprehension, vines climbing around any standing object they could find, weeds and grass stretching endlessly across the 'path,' patches of unknown species of plants and flowers spotting the land every so often.
Rick led the group, Jade was behind him, and Lea and Brad were in the back. They slowed down to a power-walk, for they were running low on time and energy. Not to mention the fear of making too much sound. Even though this place hadn't been used recently, average citizens of the country may sometimes walk through there, or hear strange sounds and look down at the team. There was a cliff increasing in height and steepness to their left, some people might be hiking up there. The team also kept to the shadows of the withering trees on their right.