
Out of nowhere, a blob of white slid in front of them, stopping their trek. Ayden was caught off guard and tripped over the Enemy, falling flat on his face. Jade having been pretty much attached to him fell down as well, landing hard on her shoulder. Her eyes clenched shut as she took in the pain, biting her lip. He couldn't have put them somewhere else? She opened her eyes, but when she saw what lay in front of them, she regretted it. Directly next to her face was another face. The face of an Enemy. The mask was torn to shreds where the eyes should be, and instead of eyes being under the shreds, there were only circles of red. Chunks of eye muscle stuck out of the sockets, and some parts slid down the person's face, leaving behind a trail of red.
Jade couldn't help it this time. The vomit left her mouth, landing right next to the Enemy's face. It burned the back of her throat but that was the least of her worries. When she thought it had all left her system she tried standing up, only to keel over and hurl some more. She heard it splashing against the ground but ignored it, fearing it would make her throw up even more. A hand pressed itself against her back, patting. When she was absolutely sure she was finished she wiped her mouth with the sleeve of the jacket she wore, standing up. "Thanks Ayden." She turned around. "Sorry about getting puke on your jacket, it'll come out late--"
That's not Ayden.
A figure in white stood across from her, katana in hand. They didn't seem very threatening. Note the sarcasm. Jade backed up just as they brought the blade down, just barely having missed a gash to the head. She shrieked and looked back and forth for something she could possibly use against them. I can't see anything in this damn smoke! Her breathing picked up until she was on the verge of hyperventilating. I feel so cramped not being able to see the walls! She continued backing up, not knowing when she would run into something. I have nothing to use against--yes I do. The lighter!
As she kept moving backwards she removed the bag from her shoulder, unzipping it and fumbling around inside. Come on, come on, where is it? There! She pulled it out and dropped the bag, not caring as its contents spilled out onto the floor. Jade held it with both hands, flipping the top and watching as the flame spurted to life. Without thinking, she tossed the metal object at the Enemy. Their clothing caught fire as soon as the fire touched it, and the flames travelled up their arms and legs slowly. Another scream rang in Jade's ears, but this time it was a result of her own doing, not the mysterious man in red.
Burning flesh made its way to her nose, and she turned around prepared to vomit again. Instead, she was faced with Ayden, who towered above her like a skyscraper. He wasn't looking at her though; he looked past her. He nodded his head at something, and curiosity won Jade over as she turned around again. Emerging from the red smoke was a figure, except they they weren't clad in white. This one wore all red and black, blending in easily with the smoke.
Speaking of the smoke, it was finally beginning to thin out. Objects were becoming visible, and by objects, it meant bodies. People wrapped in white lay on the ground, spots of red still expanding on their clothing and pooling around them. The metallic smell of blood was so overpowering that it cancelled out the scent of burning flesh, almost to Jade's relief. Before long, the screen of red was gone completely, having escaped through the hole in the dome above.
Jade turned back to the hooded man, who had stopped a few feet away from her. He lowered his head, making it impossible to see his eyes even if she were to get closer.