
Jade pressed her lips together so that they formed a straight line. They felt chapped and her tongue felt dry, and she was just now taking notice of these things. It felt as though someone had scooped out the sense of security she had developed, and now she was left with an empty bowl. He's right. Slowly, she moved her head up and down, nodding and confirming his string of questions.
Kane faced forward again so that he wasn't able to see Jade. His gloved hand tightened on the rusty railing, and his shoulders were hunched. A sound came from him, and she wasn't sure whether it was a short, twisted chuckle or an inquisitive grunt. "Hmph. Seems you're not as brain dead as I thought you were." He craned his neck so that he faced the ceiling, and his hood slid back ever so slightly. "Very well then. Go after him."
Jade was taken aback. "Wait, what? You're telling me to leave and go find him?"
"Did I stutter?"
This comment laced with sarcasm brought about her more stubborn side, and she crossed her arms over her chest and leaned her weight on one leg. "And just how would I find them? It's not like I've got a map telling me exactly where to go."
"I lied. You're just as brain dead as I thought you were. Come on."
As much as Jade wanted to stop and keep asking questions, as much as she wanted to get all the answers she wanted, she knew they wouldn't be answered, and went along with whatever plan Kane had boiled up in that strange mind of his.
*********
A small pocket-knife was slipped into a slot in a boot, and a silver pistol was held firmly in the hands of this risky person. Jade looked down at the reflective surface of the object, seeing only a blur of herself. A hazy blob of what she was, of what she was about to do, and what she would become. Everything had become just a smudged outline since she had started this whole mess. And she had no idea whether the silhouette would be cleaned up, stripped of the black encased in it, or if a large hand would continue to rub at it vigorously, spreading the dark colors away and around the outline. She'd just have to wait and see what would happen. She'd have to do what she felt was right. And right now, going after Ayden and the others felt right.
Kane walked over to her with a small pouch in hand, and carefully clipped it on to the side of her belt. "Bullets. Use them wisely."
"Let's hope I won't have to," Jade said, looking down at him in a new light. The brightness hadn't changed much, but he was surely acting different from when she had just woken up that morning. It was difficult to believe that this man had brutally ended many lives the day before.
He only grunted, and pushed open the door of the weapons room. Jade exited and waited for Kane to lock the door. Then he turned to her. His arms hung limply at his sides, back straight, neck craning down to look at her. For a moment they only stared at each other in silence. Alas, Kane broke the quiet, pointing to the gun in her hands and asking, "You know how to use that thing?"
Jade looked down at it again. "Yeah. I've used a few before..." I didn't feel like myself when I did, though. It was only to impress Sixtine...it was all acting. I pretended they were pieces of cardboard. But they weren't.
She noticed that her hands were shaking, only slightly, but Kane took notice. His gloved hands reached out and wrapped themselves around the hand holding the gun. It only lasted a moment, and once he had moved her hand over to her belt and cautiously slipped the pistol into a holster on her hip, he backed away. "You'll be fine out there, Maliks. I'll bet you won't even have to use that thing."