
"Ian, this way!" Evan grabbed his arm and dragged him in the exact direction he was aiming to avoid.
"No. I'm not going to drink, if that's what you're wanting me to do," he said, scowling.
"Oh, come on, just a couple. You'll be acting like your old self in no time, if only temporary."
"What, like an idiotic buffoon?"
"No, like the person that was always cracking jokes and making everyone laugh. Like the friend I want to see again. It's been an awful long time since I've seen Jovian." Evan's eyes held a special sadness. He's not lying about wanting me to be 'normal' again. But what really is normal, anymore?"
What would a couple drinks hurt? "Fine," Ian said. "But only, like, two."
"That's my man!" Evan said, clapping a hand onto his friends shoulder and guiding him to the bar. The two plopped down onto high stools, and crossed their arms over the counter. Evan, of course, was the one making the conversation. "Hey, bartender, hook us up with two drinks will you?" Before long, a glass of golden liquid sat in front of them both, and Evan took no time before beginning to guzzle it down.
Ian only stared at him in disbelief. Evan slammed the cup back on the counter, then turned and gave Ian a smug smirk. "Bet you can't chug yours down," he said.
Ian was torn. On the one hand, he knew better than to dump too much of the liquid into his system, and on the other hand he was desperate for approval from someone he had trusted for years. Or maybe it wasn't for approval. Maybe it was for the pride he would feel afterwards, the pride of showing someone up for once. For so long he had denied himself the simple pleasure of being better at something than someone else. She had always been a reminder that there was always something he would be worse at than her. These thoughts swam around in his mind, wrapping around and controlling the lever in his brain that told him to move his limbs, and his fingers held onto the glass tightly as he brought it up to his lips and tilted it back.
There was coughing, and then it was done. Ian's glass was empty. Evan let out a small cheer and held up a hand for a high-five, and Ian gladly smacked his hand. Jade's never drank. At least I'm better at that than she is. The thought stirred something in him, a strange feeling. Triumph. He had found something that surpassed her abilities. And now, strangely enough, he wanted more of that feeling.
He turned to the bartender and slid his cup slightly closer to her, then cleared his throat loudly to catch her attention. She turned around and smiled, then said, "More? It seems you've found one of the better things of life. Comin' right up, sweet cheeks."
The two boys shared a chuckle at her comment. "Did she," Ian started, "did she just call me sweet cheeks?"
"Indeed she did, my friend," Evan replied with another laugh. "Hey, Lily, make that two more...hey, bud, lookie there."
"Where?"
"There, do you not see her?"
"No."
Evan playfully smacked him upside the head and pointed. "There, ding bat! I bet we could start your woman-hunting training with her."
At that, Ian failed at holding in a laugh, and it came out as a splutter. "W-what did you just say? Woman-hunting?"