
To throw her off guard, Ayden spun her around in a circle and she stumbled slightly. "That would be the end of your dancing career, if you were to have one," he joked.
"Save your breath," she retorted. Jade made sure she had a tight grip on his hand before moving away, spreading her free arm out. He pulled her back in, spinning her around so that her back was facing him. To surprise her yet again, he removed a hand from hers and held tightly onto her waist with both hands and lifted her into the air. Ayden threw her up slightly higher, making her spin around in the air to face him again before catching her and placing her gently on the ground.
She grabbed onto his shoulders and pushed herself up. Ayden grabbed her hands to ensure that she wouldn't fall off, and she did a complete game changer. She pushed herself up and launched herself upwards, her fingertips touching his shoulders. He still had a tight hold on her hands, and she sent her whole body over his head. Moving her legs in sync with her body as she flipped over the amazed man, Jade landed quickly on the ground behind Ayden with her back against his own. How can someone with so little muscle be able to do that?! "How--"
"I've had much more experience with dancing than you, that's how," she interrupted.
"You simply surprised me. I can overpass your skill any day, it just didn't look like you had it in you." Ayden smirked as she let a small frown pull at her lips.
"Then start 'matching my skill', and soon."
The music was no longer slow, it had transitioned into something much more energetic and bountiful in quick notes. Now this is something I'd dance to. "Walk over there and run to me."
"What are you going to do?" Jade asked.
"Just do it." She obeyed and quickly moved away from him. Before continuing,Jade yanked her black heels off, tossing them to the side. She turned to face Ayden and began moving at a fast pace. I can do this. . .
Ayden cupped his hands out in front of him and crouched, signaling for Jade to step into them. She did exactly that, and he boosted her into the air. She spun in extravagant circles in mid-air, her pitch black dress spanning away from her legs and flowing along with her movement. Ayden made a sort of net out of arms and she fell right into it; the back of her knees sitting against his arms. Her hands laid atop his shoulders and she sat there for a few seconds, contemplating on what to do next to win this competitive plight. Light sprung to her eyes and she lifted her self up in a way, still being held above the ground in Ayden's arms. He quickly grabbed onto her ankles before she could fall, and she "sat" back down again.
Ayden spun her around a few times like this before stopping. It was as if they had choreographed every move for months on end before this day, when in all honesty the two were just coming up with what to do as they went.
Jade did something that no one would've ever saw coming. She stood up and bent backwards, reaching for the ground in an upside down position. Ayden bent over slightly too, allowing her short figure to press her palms on the floor. He lowered her down until she was laying flat on her stomach. Ayden towered above her and as he began reaching for her hands to pull her back up again, Jade rolled onto her back and grasped his wrist, yanking herself onto her feet again.
This was when Ayden noticed the awe-struck faces surrounding the duo, just waiting to see what they would pull off next. While they had been dancing he had completely forgotten the fact that they were in public. Ayden pulled Jade into his chest and whispered into her ear. "Looks like we have a show to put on." She looked at her surroundings and seemed to notice the crowd for the first time as well.