
"What?" Ayden asked.
"You're interesting. No matter how 'hostile' you are towards anyone, they don't take you seriously. That's because you don't mean it. You can't be aggressive. It's physically impossible. Even around Finn. You hold yourself differently around him. He may not notice it, but I do. You're just...sad. Why is that?" Jade's voice tinkled with curiosity, a special innocence lining her words. This drew Ayden in more than her rebellious actions usually did, and that was saying something.
He swallowed. Should I tell her? "I don't think that's the best idea..."
Jade scooted over on the cot and patted the spot next to her. Ayden glanced at her warily, then sighed and moved next to her, muscles tense. She looked at him expectantly. "So, uh..." he said.
"Why do you get upset around Finn? It's like he did something personal to you."
"That's 'cause he did."
"And what was it?"
He lowered his head and stared at his open palms. She already knows way too much. Something touched his shoulder, a hand. He immediately relaxed underneath it. No, she deserves to know. She's one of us now. "He's corrupted. He's..." Ayden let out a huff of air. "He thinks I'm a traitor. I left his organization, and he feels I betrayed him."
"I see...Why are you taking it so hard though?" Jade's eyes sparked up with true interest when he looked at her.
"He's been my friend since I first lost everything. He had been the same. We were two different people, with alike minds. We were inseparable, like Maddox and Mathias. But one day...he just...started becoming more aggressive towards everyone, including me," he said. "I think it's his uncle's fault. The hostility came with never-ending comments about his uncle. About how intelligent he was, and how charismatic and talented he was." Ayden faltered for just a moment, but it was enough to make Jade tighten her grip on his shoulder. That calmed him down. "He's being lied to, Jade. He has been for years. My leaving was his opportunity to let those lies sink in. And he believes them. And I, I just don't know what to do about it. There's nothing I can do."
"You could wait until this whole thing blows over and explain why you left," Jade tried.
"That's not how he works. When his uncle tells him something, he takes it to heart and never lets it go. This isn't reversible. We'll never talk to each other on friendly terms again. He's a lost cause to me." Ayden stood up then and walked to the other side of the room, his back turned to Jade. I'm getting upset, and she can't see me like this. I'm never emotional. I need to be a leader, I can't show weakness, I can't--
A pair of arms wrapped around his waist from the back, accompanied by a reassuring set of words. "Yes, we've made bad choices. Everyone we know has made the same mistakes. But the reason for mistakes is to learn from them, and if there's one thing I know for certain, it's that nothing is a lost cause. You're not a lost cause, I'm not a lost cause, even Finn isn't a lost cause. You know what people were constantly saying while I was in the hospital after the accident? That I was a lost cause. But here I am, living proof. I am proof, and I am right here. You just have to open your eyes to see that. I am here, Ayden."
I know that you're here. My eyes are open. Ayden let his hands cover her's over his torso, rubbing his thumbs along the back of her hands. Jade flinched slightly when he did, but soon relaxed. After a moment of this, he let his hands fall to his sides. I just don't see what you see. "We should be getting back to the others. They're waiting for us."