
"Who is 'he'?" Jade interrupted. Tempest glared at her from under the locks of hair that had escaped her ponytail.
"He's Tempest's brother," Logan said. "He's was going to j-join the team, but got kidnapped at the re-ren-rendezvous point." Both of his wrists twitched this time, and he jerked his head to the side, a loud crack following. His face flushed red when he looked back to see the odd expression on Jade's face. "Sorry about that. It happens s-sometimes."
Kane popped up behind her just then and whispered in her ear. "I'll explain that later. For now don't pay him too much attention."
Ayden cleared his throat loudly and everyone became silence, giving his voice room to speak. "As I was saying, we'll be going into that building. There'll be guards for sure, a minor obstacle. Most of you know the drill. I'll explain in more detail to Jade later. Now, to choose who will come with me..." He ran his eyes over each person in the room, probably weighing who would be more useful. "Tempest would come, of course, and Abril ... the twins should be there too ... I think that'll be enough."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa. I object to this, I'm coming too," Kane said. "You'll need more than a couple girls and some scrawny teens to back you up."
"You don't give them enough credit. There's a reason I've picked them. Plus, I don't trust leaving Logan and Jade alone with River."
"Then take River and me with you. If he tries to pull something funny while in the field, I'll deal with him."
"Kane, as second in command, I need you to stay here," Ayden said.
"But--"
"Final. Now those of you that are coming, go get ready. Oh, and tell the twins what's going on. We'll leave tonight. As for the rest, you're dismissed."
Everyone began filing out of the room in a calm manner, excluding Abril, who cheered as she skipped away. The only ones that remained were Kane, Jade, and Ayden. As the leader started to leave as well, Kane ran over to him and placed a hand on his shoulder, probably to butter up the statement that would soon follow.
"I don't think you're making the right choice here. No offense. You usually don't do this, are you feeling okay?" Kane asked.
Ayden sighed and turned to him. "I'm perfectly fine, and perfectly fine with my choice. If you can't respect that, then leave. I don't want to see you go, so don't take this too hard. "
"Whoa, I wasn't implying that I...I mean...I just think..." He paused, unable to find the right words. "I didn't sign up for a babysitting job, is all. Why can't Jade just watch over the kid? I'm sure if you wanted her to join, she can take care of more than just herself."
"She can. But with River around? I have no idea what that guy can do, or what his intentions are. I need you to make sure he doesn't try anything funny." Ayden smiled warmly at him. "You're the only person I can trust with this. Take this as a compliment, not an insult. There's a reason you're my second in command."
Kane was silent for a few moments, then sighed loudly. "You really do make a great leader. Always knowing exactly the right things to do and say. Anyway, I'll do it. But you better not exclude me from the next outing."
"I'll try not to. Thanks, bud." And with that, Ayden was gone.
Kane whirled around on his heels, the cloak swirling around his legs like a tornado of blood. Jade resisted the urge to back away, to leave the room so she didn't have to deal with him. Instead, she stood by the table and looked at him as he looked over at her. After a while, he smiled. It wasn't a warm smile either. Jade gulped, finding herself in another uncomfortable state. Kane snickered.