
AUTHOR'S NOTE: This chapter is dedicated to @HugMeh for wanting to see someone get, well, uh, you'll see soon enough . . . "Honk honk motherfudger."
~~~
"I'm very proud of each and every one of you," General Banks told the members of the team. "Not only did you get more than enough information, you also destroyed one of the Enemies best weaponry warehouses. You may have just caused the difference between the continuance or the end of our country."
Brad smirked at Jade, most likely congratulating himself in his mind. Lea glared at him, then shifted her eyes over to meet Jade's as well. The eyes screamed at her, saying, "You have not seen the last of me. I will always resent you." But Jade didn't mind, because frankly, the feeling was mutual. She didn't know, and possibly may never know why Lea hated her so much. She simply ignored her and went back to paying attention to Banks mini speech.
"You will all, without a doubt, be awarded for your bravery, intelligence, and skills. I will figure something out later for you all. I dismiss you now," he finished. At least, they thought he was finished. "Except you, Jade."
As the others shuffled out of the room, Jade nervously trudged towards the towering general, open to whatever he had to say. She hoped that it would be good news.
"Jade Maliks, the girl who knows no fear. I have something for you."
"Yes sir?" she questioned. "What is it?"
"You may not like what I have to say . . ." he trailed off.
"What is it?" Jade repeated.
Banks looked down at his feet, holding his breath. After a few moments of silence, he jerked his head up to meet Jade's gaze and the words flew out of his mouth like a bullet. "I want you to go back. On another mission."
Jade was speechless. Go back? But I just got back on safe ground! Literally, yesterday! Unbelievable!
"I know you may be thinking. Again? Why me? Well I'll tell you. You have something special about you that no one else has, something that not even the best soldier in the nation has. And I want you to go on this mission." Banks stared down at her solemnly as she pondered his words. Damn. You roundhouse kick one guy in the face and they expect you to save the world or some shit.
She couldn't help but notice that, although he wore a frown, the slightest twinkle hid in his eyes. Her eyes narrowed. "Do I get a new team, or keep the one I had before?"
"No and no. You'll be doing this alone. A solo mission."
Jade's eyebrows must have been shooting past her hairline she was raising them so high. "And when does it start?"
"I'm sorry, I truly am, but you leave tomorrow," he replied, not giving her eye contact. He must honestly be sorry for me. That or he's lying about one thing in that sentence.
"What?! But what about Ian? I told him I would only be gone a few weeks! What makes you think that---" Jade was cut off in the middle of her rant.
"I know! But you don't have a choice this time! You'll be informed on the way to your next mission. You're dismissed."
Before leaving, she mumbled some quick words under her breath. "Since when did I ever have a choice?" She then left in anger, huffing and trying to hold back tears. Jade was fuming. When she left the room, Rick, Brad, and Lea were standing in the hall waiting for her.