
Jade slowly removed her face from Ayden's chest and looked up at his face to see his reaction. He too was looking up, but he was grinning from ear to ear like a mad-man. Why? She followed his gaze, which stopped at the glass dome above their heads. Or, what remained of it. Most of the glass was gone, leaving only sharp shards protruding from around the edges. The lights were also flickering, making this place just as eerie as the rest of the dark mall.
What really caught her attention though, was the rope dangling from the side of the dome halfway to the ground. She let go of Ayden and stood back, staring at it. She looked at Ayden next. "Why are you smiling?"
"Because Kane is here." His smile grew bigger and he cupped his hands around his mouth, hollering up at the dome. "Come on now, don't be scared! Or I'll hold this against you forever!"
No voice responded to his hollers, but Ayden didn't seem to care. He only faced the leader, arms crossed over his chest. "If there's one thing you should know, it's that you never, ever mess with the Resistance."
A sound came from above and Jade looked up to see a blur of red and black sliding down the rope. The person, object, thing was moving much quicker than Jade thought was physically possible, at least for anything living. It ran out of rope, but this didn't seem to be a problem, because they simply let go of the frayed end. It dropped to the ground in a crouch, un-moving afterwards. It had it's back to Jade and Ayden, but the groups that could see it's face backed up a few steps, obviously startled.
Jade looked closer at it's back. There was something mounted to it, like a thing that held weapons. It looked like what the leader of the Enemy group had on their back, the thing that held his blade. She could only assume that this mystery person used it for the same purpose. There were two of them though, criss-crossing each other with the handles of something sticking out from the top. If she wanted to look at anything else, it would've been impossible. A long red cloak concealed everything as it crouched, other than the bottom of a pair of black combat boots. Her first impression of this person was already clear: this was not someone to mess with.
Ayden turned to the person, arms still crossed. "Have a leg cramp, sissy-nitty?"
The person slowly stood up, the red cloak hanging just below the knees. Oh no, he's really done it now. Ayden, you idiot! One word was spoken by the figure. "No." The voice was masculine.
"Good. Ready, Kane?"
Why does that name sound so familiar?
Jade had no other thoughts of questioning, because her attention was immediately caught when the man who she assumed was Kane dashed forward at the nearest group. A black gloved hand shot behind his head, grabbing at one of the handles Jade had been staring at earlier. He pulled at it, removing it from its place along with a long, wide blade. A machete. He brought it in front of his face and stopped just in front of the Enemy in the front row. When Jade looked closer, she could only see about five people in each hall. It looked quite odd, too. Someone dressed entirely in black and red standing across from one in white and green.
The one in white pulled out a handgun, aiming and cocking it at Kane's head. Kane only tilted his head, his red hood following his head movements. They remained like that for a while, neither of them making a move. Kane ended the staring contest by raising a finger and pointing behind the masked person. They followed his finger, looking behind them. A glimpse of silver flashed before Jade's eyes before turning into a deep crimson. The machete was buried deep into the person's shoulder, staining the once pure white a dark red. Kane yanked the blade from its place, holding it at his side. Blood dripped from the blade and onto the floor, forming a small puddle that the person that had been struck fell into.