
However, Jade remained where she was. "What are you doing? Come on," Ayden said to me, sounding slightly annoyed.
"Can't we go back down and head to the harbor? We lost them," she said. Judging by this guys route, should I really be trusting him? Just as she had finished that thought, yelling came from below. Ayden and Jade both swivelled their heads, widening their eyes. The men in black gear pointed up at the escapees, yelling something inaudible. Whatever it is, it can't be good for us.
"Run!" Ayden shouted. You don't have to tell me twice! They both dashed up the stairs, making them rattle and shake, clanging against the brick wall. Their feet made metallic sounds with every footfall, metal screeching against metal from up above. Only stopping when they ran out of places to run, they turned to each other in panic.
"What now? There's no where to go!" Jade said. Panic was flowing through her, surging through her veins and sending bursts of adrenaline into her system. I don't like this feeling, not one bit. She held her stomach, expecting that to quench the feeling for a moment, but to no avail.
"Uh . . ." Ayden leaned over the railing of the wobbly stairs, looking for something, but quickly stood straight again. "Um . . ." He looked at the bottom-most level of the fire escape. The whole setup of stairs and platforms was shaking now from the weight of the riot-men bounding up them. "Shite." Ayden raised a fist and began banging on the window, attempting to bust it open.
"Why did you just now think about the window!?" Jade shrieked.
"I don't know, stop yelling at me!" His pounding grew more forceful, making his knuckles turn a raw red.
"What else am I supposed to do? We're screwed!" Jade shouted. What's gotten into me?
Ayden stopped banging on the window, resting his hands at his sides and turning to Jade. "If you would stop yelling maybe I could think of how to make us un-screwed!" He proceeded to try to pry open the window with his fingers. "Shite!" Ayden seemed just as panicked as Jade was. Deeming this pointless, he brushed past Jade and grabbed onto the black railing, looking down at his hands. "We are screwed. For sure. No unscrewing, I'm afraid."
This comment made Jade chuckle. She knew that she shouldn't have been laughing at a time like this, but she couldn't help it. The chuckle turned into nonstop giggling. The giggling turned into a cackle of sorts, loud and unpleasant. Ayden eyed her, seeming worried for Jade's sake and his own. "Are you oka--"
She cut him off short. "I'm perfectly fine! Just peachy!" Her eyes wandered over to a loose rod hanging from the side of the stairs. Silencing her laughter, she lunged for it and yanked it off the fire escape. It came off swiftly, and Jade grinned at the great use her irrational side served.
"Let me see that," Ayden grabbed it from Jade's hands and tried prying open the window with it, like a crowbar. It didn't budge. The footsteps were getting louder and louder by the second.
"Not like that!" she yelled, grabbing the rod back yet again. Her feet shuffled backwards until her back was pressed against the railing, digging into her back. She held up the rod like the jousters from medieval times would do, and charged at the window, growling. Small shards of glass rained onto the platform, glistening in the last rays of sunlight that managed to overcome the shadows.