
A small part of Ayden felt sorry for her, but then he remembered how she had assisted the man that was continuously trying to end his life, and his heart turned cold. She deserves this. She deserves every last broken finger and torn muscle. She deserves to fall and have every inch of her skin burned off. She deserves everything coming to her. Right?
"No one deserves something like that. We have to help her." Jade's eyes were locked on Sixtine's struggling form and she put a foot forward to begin walking over to her. Ayden's arm shot out in front of her to hold her back.
"Wait, I--" She looked up at him expectantly. Ayden opened his mouth to say the words he wanted to say, but they refused to come out. He probably looked like a blabbering idiot, especially with his mouth cut open like this. It still hurt like a bitch, but he was toughing through it like a tank. "You can't."
"And why not?"
"Because, you . . . I . . . she's a goner anyway," he rushed out. Why would she want to help her? Voluntarily?
"Well, I have to try." She shoved his arm away and began running in Sixtine's direction.
"No! Damn it, you're so stubborn!" Ayden ran after her. He wasn't going to let her get herself killed just because of her urge to help everyone she saw. It would get her in deep shit someday, and Ayden wasn't going to let it be today.
Just as he caught up to her the lights all around them began blinking off, one by one. The both of them had stopped to just stare at the darkening world. After the first few had shut off, the rest flickered before going out completely. More screams found their way to Ayden's ears and his head began to throb. He lifted a hand to his forehead and groaned. It felt like his brain was slamming itself against the skull. Why won't this night just end? I want to go home. Not that I really have one, but anywhere but here would suffice.
Ayden could hear Jade panting heavily next to him. She scooted a bit closer to him and latched onto his arm. Wait. . .Is she afraid of the dark? It would make sense, considering the elevator incident. And now this. But why?
Suddenly, a few square boxes began glowing a dark blue. They became more prominent and ubiquitous with each passing second. Eventually Ayden could see them scattered about randomly, lighting the darkest places of the ship. A couple were even attached to the balcony Sixtine was still clinging to. Well, not really clinging. It was more like she was just hanging there, her broken fingers the only thing keeping her stuck. One thin wire hung down near her feet, holding another dark blue light. The tears on her cheeks were illuminated a light blue and her sad eyes glistened.
Ayden and Sixtine ended up making eye contact. Her eyes screamed apologies and begged for mercy and help. All of his negative thoughts about her fled the scene, leaving him with a feeling of sorrow pitted deep in his stomach. He wanted to help, but he couldn't see anything he could do. The only thing Ayden could think of was to ease her thoughts while she hung helplessly. He knew she wouldn't make it out of there. She would die in a matter of minutes.
Ayden lowered his gaze to the ground, unable to look her straight in the eye. Kicking at a chunk of splintered wood, he couldn't help but put himself in her shoes. Dying with no one she cared about around her, having everyone hate her, being labeled, and dying at the hand of her own mistakes. For some reason, he felt that this would be the way he'd go out when he did. And he promised himself that he wouldn't fight the unconsciousness that would eventually begin pressing in. But what if I die the way I want? Protecting someone I love? The chances of Ayden getting his way were slim, and he wouldn't hesitate to admit it.