
"Thinky?" Ian asked.
"Shut up, I'm out of it. Now, time to eat gazelles!"
Somewhere inside of Ian, a little tiny voice screamed for him to say no, to go home, to ask what Evan meant. But the tiny voice was caged, locked up for the time being. On top of that, a fog was hiding the cage, making the voice cough and wheeze. So, Ian stood up from his stool, took a swig from Evan's drink, and cheered. "Yeah! Let's do this!"
*****
"Ow! The hell was that for?!"
"You two are banned from the premises for harassment of customers. Now leave, before we call the police!"
Evan stumbled forward as if to start another argument. "I'll show you whose callin' the fuzz! Come here, you bald-headed, Pinocchio-nosed--" Ian found the small shred of sense he had left in him and grabbed both of Evan's shoulders and pulled him back. The front doors of the club slammed shut. Evan crumpled to his knees. "But I still need to dance challenge someone!"
"It'll have to wait...till...tomorrow," Ian forced out, struggling to keep his words from slurring together.
Evan jumped to his feet again and jabbed a finger at Ian's chest. "No! Not tomorrow...tonight! Come on, right here right now let's do this!" He hopped up and down, then stopped and held his forehead in his hands. "On second thought, maybe tomorrow is a better idea."
Ian walked over to the truck and stared at it. "We're both drunk...we can't drive."
"Bogus. Move, gutter-butt," Evan said, fumbling with his keys to unlock the car door. He dropped them, and Ian bent over to pick them up. Evan scowled. "Give 'em back."
"You're not driving. We'll...we'll walk. C'mere," Ian said, his legs already taking him to the sidewalk that led into his neighborhood.
Evan showed up by his side before long. "Diddly dee, diddly doo, we're going on a stroll, and I need to...need to...blah."
"Just shut up." It's his fault we're like this. Why did I ever agree to this? I can't even walk straight! As if on cue, a chunk of something tripped him, and he landed on his stomach on the rough concrete.
"Hey, bud, you okay?" Evan asked, reaching down to help him up.
"No."
The walking continued for what seemed like hours, with Evan mumbling to himself and occasionally bursting out in song. Ian kept silent, externally and internally. He liked it this way. No thoughts. Frankly, he didn't want to think ever again. If alcohol took that away, he wanted more of it.
Neon green lights dotted Ian's peripheral vision, and he turned to see them better. It was supposed to be a sign, but he couldn't make out the words that they spelled. Still, he wanted to go over there. He nudged Evan and pointed, and soon they both stood outside the building. Here they could see the sign somewhat clearer. The Bar. Most creative name ever.
Ian acted without thinking, and entered the building. It wasn't locked and the lights were on, but it was empty aside from some guy messing with his phone at the counter. He trudged over to the counter area and plopped down in a stool. He could hear Evan rushing over and hopping onto his.
"What can I get you guys?" the man at the counter asked.
"Whatever you see first," Ian said. He felt his thoughts coming back. I want the fog to be thicker. When a glass was placed in front of him he picked it up without hesitation and gulped it down. It wasn't any special kind, like at the club, but it would do.