
"I prefer Ian. And yes." Ian eyed him suspiciously.
"I'll go with the name your parents gave you. And I'm General Banks." He stood up and reached his hand out towards him.
"You're him?" Ian asked while shaking his hand. He nodded and let his hand fall to his side.
"Tomorrow there will be a ceremony that you're invited to. Jade and everyone from her team will be there. I recommend you go to it," he said..
"I'll be there for sure," Ian said, looking down at Jade again.
"Good. Here's the key to your cabin by the way," he said, handing Jade a key with a tag attached to it.
"Kind of old fashioned for the kind of ship we're on, huh?" Jade asked, weaving the key in between her fingers.
"Most of the keys to the cabins are on cards, but I figured this had a more homely feel to it. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to sign some important paperwork. You are dismissed." He waved his hand at the two before turning around and picking up a stack of papers.
Ian held Jade's hand as they entered an elevator. It whisked them up to the top floor and they stepped out. "So, what do you want to do first?" Jade tugged on his arm slightly.
"I just got you back and you're already trying to shove plans into my schedule. I was thinking a nap would be nice," Ian answered, stroking his chin in thought.
"Nonsense, we're on a cruise. Therefore, we need to have fun. And if you refuse, I'll make you," she said, crossing her arms and batting her eyelashes.
"Fine. But I got no sleep last night, and there was some guy with a chicken next to me on the bus. Now that I think about it, I'm hungry too." He patted his stomach, which growled in response.
"Good thing everything on here is free for me. And for my team as well, since this cruise was planned just for us," Jade explained, leading Ian into a food court.
"So this place is pretty much empty except for you guys?" he asked.
"No. Half of the rooms are occupied by regular guests and some friends and family of the other team members. Order anything you like." She pointed to the sign of endless food choices. Ian smelled something baking behind the counters and his mouth watered. Now that Jade was here, his appetite had grown ten times larger.
Once he got his food they walked over to a table next to the ships ledge and sat down. Ian dug in as soon as his butt hit the chair. "Someone was hungry, weren't they?" Jade teased. Ian smiled while he slurped up a soda.
"Very. I've been craving chicken ever since that bus ride." Ian took another bite out of the drumstick. Jade chuckled while he finished up. A tune Ian recognized began playing, and he looked up at the girl in front of him.
She pulled out her phone and checked the name of whoever was calling. "Whoops, I need to take this. Excuse me." She stood up and walked over to the ledge on the other side of the ship.
This is when Ian realized how tired he actually was. I guess a few minutes of rest would be okay. He laid his head down on the table, using his arm as a pillow. Ian closed his eyes slowly, the image of Jade in the distance engraved in his mind as he fell asleep.
~~~~~