
Ian sighed and shook his head, clearing all of his previous thoughts. That was the one thing he loved about himself, he could change his mood quickly. Most of the time. I couldn't when Jade was gone...
Changing his attitude quickly, Ian began thinking of what she might've done if she had come there. Maybe she left a note? And thus his search of the cabin began. Drawers were yanked from their places, spilling clothes everywhere. Ian searched between every paper laying on the small desk next to the porthole. He even checked the fridge and microwave for something, anything. His tired legs led him to the bed where he plopped down, defeated.
Where else could she be? Maybe she actually had been on the deck the whole time, and Ian had just spent so much precious time destroying things. Giving up on his search of the lower floors, he stood up so that he could make his way back up to the top deck. Just as he was leaving, he remembered something. Ian wheeled around and walked over to the bed. Crouching down and lifting up the covers, he reached under the bed and pulled out a shoe-box. He lifted the lid and there sat his pride and joy. This probably isn't the best time . . . Ian pulled out the small velvet box and shoved it in a pocket. Kicking the shoe-box aside, he started walking back to the door.
Ian stepped into the corridor and heard a barely noticeable squishing sound. Looking down, he saw that the carpet was moist. More than moist, it was soaked. It was as if an ocean had swept through and disappeared just like that, leaving a trail of water in its wake. Ian shrugged and kept moving, figuring that someone had just left the water running for too long, and continued on his way.
<><><><><><>
The line for the lifeboats wasn't too long. People were filing into them quickly and no time was wasted. Salty sea air floated up and engulfed Ian's sense of smell, no other smells infiltrated his nose.
Once Ian had gotten on the deck he saw the blonde girl he had seen up on stage in the ceremony room earlier. He approached her and asked her where Jade had gone, and to his relief she said that Jade had already gotten in a boat and was being rowed away to safety. So now here he was, waiting to start his own trek to a safe place.
People of all ages and genders stepped into the boat Ian was waiting in line to get into, from infant children to the oldest of women. Rowdy kids jumped inside and were pulled down in their seats by their stressed mothers. An old man with a cane was standing in front of Ian and the officers helped him climb into the boat easily. They turned to Ian and gestured for him to follow suit, and he did exactly that. Thank goodness Jade is okay. I'll still be able to ask her . . . His thumb rubbed against the soft box in his pocket. Ian didn't let it go no matter what, even as the boat was being lowered. At first it gave him the feeling of going down a curve on a roller-coaster, or those hilly roads that always made his stomach churn. He soon got used to it, and within minutes they touched water and two officers began working the boat controls that would push them on through the dark waves.