
"Hey Jade, do you wanna---wait, what happened in there?" Rick asked. There was real concern in his voice.
Jade gave him one short reply that would explain everything. "I have to go back. Alone.Tomorrow." Rick and Brad's eyes widened, then they looked at the ground in understanding. No one would want to go back the day after they just came home after experiencing something like that.
Lea, however, chuckled quietly to herself. "Heh, you're not going to come back. At least, not unharmed. I know that for a fact." The elevator doors opened swiftly, and she stepped inside.
"If I don't come back alive, I'll be sure to tell James you said hi.". Lea's eyes widened and her jaw dropped. That's right, I've been doing my research. Mostly asking Banks what happened, but it still counts!
"You litt--!" The elevator doors closed before Lea could finish her sentence.
Rick and Brad stood there for a second, jaws gaping open. "Close your mouths, you'll catch flies," Jade said monotonously.
They snapped their mouths closed and straightened their backs. "Uh, sorry. Just wondering . . . how do you know about James?" Rick asked.
"I have my ways. I've been doing my research." Jade winked. "Anyways, I guess this is goodbye for now?"
"Not so fast, you're not gonna get rid of us so easily," Rick said. "We're taking you to lunch, and then all three of us are going to my place for a while. I live nearby so it's not a problem. I was gonna invite Lea but . . .you know. I can see you two don't get along very well."
"Sounds good!" Brad shouted into the empty hallway of headquarters. "Out we go Hero-Girl!" Rick and Brad stood on either side of Jade, hooking their hands under her armpits and lifting her off the ground.
"Hey! Put me down!"  she cried out. "I never agreed to this!"
"Who said you had a choice?" Brad asked, chuckling. That card just got played again.
And so they proceeded to walk Jade down the hall with her feet hovering a few inches above the ground. Rick used his free hand to press the down button on the elevator, and they were off.
*****
"Ow! I'm a fragile being, you can't do that. I could've broken." Rick and Brad had dropped Jade down harshly into a restaurant booth, and on the way down she had hit her funny bone on the hard table.
"You? Fragile? Ha, you make me laugh. Ha, ha, ha," Brad said sarcastically. "You've been busting out of second story windows and now you say how fragile you are?"
"In my defense that was against my will, just like you picking me up and carrying me here was." Jade rolled her eyes.
Rick slid into the seat next to Jade and Brad sat across from them. The waitress came over to the table and pulled out a small notepad, writing down the orders. She walked away and Jade noticed how dark it was inside. All the lights were dimmed and the little light that they did produce made the wooden tables seem glossy. The smells from all the hot meals were drifting around and taunted Jade, making her mouth water. Food. Must. Have. Food.
"It's been a while since any of us have had a real meal, so I thought this would be a good place. I live around here, so I'm pretty familiar with the area," Rick explained.
"I thought most soldiers lived at bases and such? How do you have a house here?" Jade asked.