
"For this reason, all residents of the United States are encouraged to go to an area that has been approved a safe shelter. Otherwise, head underground and make sure there are no windows nearby. Protect yourself with heavy, dense objects. Tune in to radio stations for more information."
What? Ian had heard every word, but was too focused on deciphering the meaning of the words to really understand. Jade, though, seemed to have realized the direness of the situation. "We need to move," she said, "Now."
"But--"
A faint noise from above forced Jade to clamp a hand over his mouth and gesture for silence. Her gaze left his face and moved to the sky. He followed suite. Small specks drifted in formation, and as the sound grew louder, the specks became larger, and it was only when he knew he was hearing the roar of engines did he find a tight hold on Jade's wrist and tug in the opposite direction.
Her mouth moved, but the words were covered by the speeding jets. He paused for only a moment to ask what she had said, but that was too long a moment. Even if she would've answered, he still wouldn't have heard it, for a bang came from behind, one that could have possibly rendered him deaf.
Why can't I hear anything? There's nothing but "boom", after "boom," after "boom..." and heat. Ian risked a glance behind him. The barbed wire fences that had intimidated him before were no longer an issue; they were nothing but thin chunks of twisted metal. Beyond that, the once circular, brick building was just a semi-circle, and the portions still remaining were ablaze.
He craned his neck to the cause of the destruction. Several planes were heading straight for the town. Straight for Ian and Jade. Well, shit. "Move!" Jade screamed, pulling him along instead. She let go once he was able to keep up on his own.
As expected when running through a street in a busy city, there were cars. And, as would be the natural reaction to an unexpected airborne attack, every single one of them were swerving here and there, narrowly missing other cars and runners. A few weren't as lucky, it seemed, since many of them ended up sitting inside cafes, family-owned stores, and the like.
The two were only a few feet from where they had started when a second bomb hit the streets, sending asphalt and street lights shoot through the air. To his right, Ian saw a metal pole heading straight for them. He shoved Jade to the ground and ducked. It missed him by a hair, instead crashing through a store window.
They pushed forward, not stopping even as the bombs came nearer and the destruction worse. Ducking into a building wouldn't help; it would be attacked the same as the roads were. Jade had a different idea.
She swerved off the road and towards a building, a daycare. Ian yanked her down to a crouch behind a parked car. They can't see us, good. "What are you doing?" he asked, "We need to keep moving."
Jade kept her eyes glued on the entrance of the daycare. "There are screams coming from in there." She turned to him with her face. When Jade had a specific expression on her face, there was no winning. A visage of determination coated her emotion. I know what's coming... "I'm going in there." Knew it.
Ian knew he would not win. So, with his knowledge of her impulse on his mind, he nodded. "Go on."