
A/N: Nothing from here on out has been rewritten and/or edited. Please bare with me here. If you see any mistakes or something doesn't make sense to you, please tell me and I'll get right on fixing it. Enjoy.
*****
Jade sat nervously in a large meeting room, seated in one of the many leather chairs surrounding a wooden oval shaped table. There were others seated around the table as well; the members of her new team. She started thinking to herself, which was easy to do in the dead silence. Why am I even here, anyways? I never wanted to be part of something this important.Then again, it's not like I really have a choice anymore.
A quiet man stepped inside the room and took his place at the very end of one side of the table. The team's eyes were glued on him, waiting for him to speak. When he did it sounded calm and ensuring. "I want you all to get used to each other and build your trusts. You'll need that trust when you guys are out in the thick of things. So tell each other about yourselves, tell them your skills, your interests, but keep what you need to keep to yourselves." He gave each of us a short glance, lingering on Jade the longest. "I'll be sitting right here and watching each of you to see how you are all doing." With a quick signal of a hand, he gestured for us to begin.
Jade knew right away that this was going to be difficult for her. She wasn't one of those people that socialized with people she didn't usually speak to or knew nothing about. Being socially awkward was a huge problem for her, unless the person gave off a friendly vibe. Something that these people lacked in. So she simply sat in her chair until someone walked over to speak to her first. That didn't take long. She recognized the man making his way over to her. What was his name again? Ryan? Dick?
"Hey there, Jade!" he said cheerfully.
"Hello," Jade said awkwardly, lowering her head slightly.
"I can tell you're in an awkward position, so I'll start us off," he said.  "My name is Rick Martise, I joined the military two years after I graduated high school, and I was so amazingly talented that I got promoted to this spot. I'm a professional in shooting, long range and close range, and the generals thought I would be helpful in this mission that I've been gladly assigned. Now its your turn. What do you have to say, hero?"
Jade was dreading having to speak, and about herself of all things, but she knew there was no avoiding it so she cleared her throat and began. "My name is Jade Maliks, and I didn't really have a choice but to join the military. It's been a year since I've graduated from high school, and I was planning to go to college after a year or so. That blew up in my face though; I was automatically sent to do this mission after five weeks of training. Apparently I'm pretty good at hand to hand combat, even though I barely have any muscles. I'm somewhat good at shooting. I'm best at stealthing through things, and I guess I can make quick decisions. I just hope I can make it back to Ian....." she stopped there, not wanting to risk getting upset or talking this guys ear off and putting him in an awkward position.
Rick placed a hand on the desk and gave her a reassuring smile. "I know exactly how you feel. Y'know, if you ever need to talk to someone about something I'm always here. In fact, I—"
"Switch 'em up!" Rick let his smile drop at the man's interruption.
"I guess we'll have plenty of time to talk later. See you 'round, Maliks." Rick got up from the chair, heading over to the muscular guy, leaving just Jade and who she would call scary-chick until further notice.
The two made eye contact, and a sense of unease washed over Jade as scary-chick's eyes bored into her own, glaring. She slowly made her way over to Jade, never breaking eye contact. She pulled the chair out as far as she could and sat down, crossing her arms over her chest.