
"Charlie!" she hollered. She ran over to where the boy was sitting, face in his knees, and picked him up. "Abril!"
"Right here, whatcha need?" she asked, having popped out of seemingly nowhere.
"Here." She placed Charlie in her arms. "Take him away from here, away from the gunfire."
"Where would I--" another round went off and they ducked. "--take 'em?"
"Head to the hideout. Now, go!" They turned and ran in the opposite direction, and Jade clutched the pistol tightly as she navigated through the traumatized crowd. She heard the Combatant's voice.
"Maliks, just get over here. I have one last thing to say to you. Men, hold your fire." Jade peeked over the shoulder of one of the protestors, and the patrollers no longer had their guns aimed at the crowd. She deemed it safe, but remained alert.
"Hurry up with it," she said as she moved into his line of sight.
"Alright, will do. About Ian."
"Spit it out."
The man smiled, but it wasn't warm. "He set himself up for a kidnapping. We sent someone undercover to watch him, and they really hit it off. Just thought I'd let you know that he doesn't have a single care for you. And now we're going to kill you both."
Screeching came from behind him, like tires screeching on pavement. Everyone, patrollers and protestors alike, looked to the source. A man drenched in red was heading towards them at the speed of light on a two-wheeled vehicle. Jade heard Ayden faintly cheer.
Kane removed one hand from the handle and took out a spherical object, then another, and slammed the brakes. The Combatant pointed. "Men, fire at that man!"
The spheres hit the ground and white smoke burst out and into the air. He was a pink blob within seconds, and the patrollers were like dots against the sheer whiteness; it was easy to see from the crowd, but difficult in the smoke. Coughs came from the dots and the blob rushed forward.
A high-pitched whistle followed.
Four helmeted figures rushed into the smoke, two holding a gun in each hand, one loading a crossbow, and the other armed with only his fists.
Ayden appeared in front of her, shoving bullets into his pistol. He had decided to leave his katana at the hideout, so this was all he had. Still a good shot, nonetheless. "We're getting answers. C'mon." He drifted into the smoke.
Jade followed him at a half-crouch with her gun held in front of her. If anyone decides to pop up and try to kill me, I'll be prepared. Only shoot the leader though...knock out the others. Kill leader, subdue others. Simple enough.
Light from the lamp-post above her made the smoke even brighter on the inside, and she felt too exposed. Anyone could see her, and in her black attire, she could easily be mistaken for a patroller. Let's hope no one's feeling too trigger happy today. Shots rang out to her left.
She wedged herself in between the bumpers of two cars and surveyed the scene from there. Tempest was busying herself with pulling an arrow out of a patroller's leg, Lino was wrestling with another on the ground, the twins had one backed against a car, and Ayden was dodging skillfully thrown punches. The Combatant was reloading his rifle behind a guard.