
Several heads in the crowd nodded and the workers came over to get the lifeboats ready to use. Your attempts will be futile and in vain, I can assure you that much. But a job is a job, so I guess I should get started.
Once the crowd began thinning out to give the workers some space Sixtine stepped up towards the officer. "I need a reserved spot on one of the boats."
"I assure you there are plenty of--"
"You're wrong. Do you see that empty space over there?" She pointed behind him. "Six of those lifeboats used to occupy those spots. They aren't there anymore. Are you aware of what that means?" Props to Finnian for that idea.
He seemed to still be processing what she had said, and once it did get through that thick skull of his, he gasped. "I-I..."
"You won't be able to save everyone. I'm simply asking for assurance," Sixtine said calmly.
"I-I'm sorry. The p-policy is first come f-first serve when something like this h-happens," he stuttered.
She stepped closer to him and whispered into his ear. "What if I make a deal with you?"
"W-what k-kind?" he questioned.
"Oh, maybe, this kind . . ." She slipped a couple hundred dollar bills in his hand. He held them up and his eyes widened. He nodded and shoved the money in his pocket.
"Deal."
"Good . Now I'm just going to go take care of a few things before coming back. Remember to save that seat." Sixtine winked at him before walking off, stepping into the elevator once again. Ugh, the repulsive want for money that these people have. It disgusts me. Turning down someone else's life for someone richer? Then again, I can't be much better since I'm partly the cause for this. But I have a reason.
The elevator whooshed a few floors lower. Sixtine was still way above where the water was coming in from, so she would be perfectly fine. She walked through maze-like corridors until she found the door she was looking for. While she had been slipping money into that guys hand she had also pick-pocketed a key-card from him. Oblivious buffoon.
Sixtine slipped the key-card through the slot and the door slid open, revealing a long passage-way. She strutted through it, combing her fingers through naturally blonde hair. She had dyed it a darker color so that she wouldn't have attracted too much attention while she was on the Kaneley ship. Kaneley was the name of one of split up halves of what once was the Republic of Ireland. Of course, the Americans didn't know that. Kaneley citizens didn't want them to know.
The lie Sixtine made up about being a stowaway worked perfectly on Jade. Either she was a really good actress or Jade was just really gullible. In reality, Finnian Oyel had convinced his Boss to let her on-board. With a nominal fee, of course. Sixtine was to assist Finnian in his "projects" and in return she was fed, had a roof over her head, and was promised revenge. Another thing she had lied about: the people she called "Enemies" weren't the ones that had killed her family. Jade's people did. And now was the time for Sixtine to start her reign of payback.
Sixtine finally made it to the thick door at the end of the hall. She pulled on the handle and stepped into the dark grey room. One wall was made entirely out of glass and a simliar room was visible on the other side.
The plan was to wait for Finnian to meet her there, and as she did so she was to scrounge up anything that looked to be of importance. When he would come back they would shuffle through the remaining documents and get out of there and off the ship before the last time-bomb went off.