
After the body hit the floor, all hell broke lose. Bullets flew everywhere, all directed at the mysterious Kane. Ayden pulled Jade behind a bench which they took cover behind, and they watched the scene play out through the cracks in the wood.
Kane dodged each bullet with ease, a feat that Jade found near impossible. He lunged at the next person, shoving the blade deep into their stomach. The gun they had held slipped from their hand and clattered to the floor, and so did they. Kane quickly moved on to the next, doing the same with them. Before they could fall, he grabbed their body and held it in front of him as he ran over to the next group. The bullets punctured the body he held, protecting him from being shot. Once he made it to his destination, he tossed the body at one of those clad in white. While that one was occupied, he slammed the machete into the leg of another. A bloodcurdling scream followed, and then another gunshot. There was a groan as another fell to the ground. They had shot their own teammate.
Someone tried to grab at Kane, but he ducked under their arm and ended up behind them. He brought the blade in front of their face and wiggled it, taunting them. He dragged it along their neck, leaving a trail of red along the throat. They gurgled and choked, grabbing at their neck. Spots of blood showed up on the mouth area, and Kane shoved that person on top of the same one who had just gotten the one body he had tossed on them off.
Leaving that area, he headed to the hall straight across. Bullets whizzed passed him, none of them hitting. When he approached, he dove to the ground, sliding between someone's legs. They bent over, looking between their own legs only to be greeted by a blade to the face. They fell over, lifeless. Kane did a barrel-roll before standing up and slamming the machete straight into someone's back. He whacked at the person several times before moving on, the blood splattering against his cloak and blending right in.
Maybe it's not supposed to be red, but it was stained that way? Jade shivered, and continued to watch, unable to tear her gaze away. The amount of bullets flying at Kane had significantly changed in the past minute. At first there had been endless chunks of metal soaring through the air, and deafening booms coming one after the other. Now there were only a few, the other gun-wielders having been taken down. Blood pooled around the un-moving bodies, the smell drifting into the air and wafting around Jade. Many times she felt like throwing up, but swallowed it back down, the bile burning in her throat.
Kane had made it to the last group of those firing at him, his intentions obvious from what he had done with the others. However, this time he slipped his machete back into it's place on his back as he ran. What's he doing? When he arrived at the next group he held a hand up, signalling them not to fire. Surprisingly enough they didn't, yet still kept the guns aimed straight at his forehead.
One of them took a step forward, arms slightly shaking as they held up the pistol. Their words were muffled as they spoke through their masks. "W-why should I not shoot you, dude?" Kane didn't speak, he simply took out his machete again and placed it on the floor at his feet. He took long strides towards the masked man, arms still held in front of his face in surrender as he stepped over his weapon. He stopped a few feet away, as still as a statue. "Are you surrendering?"
He made no move for several moments. The Enemy fidgeted with the gun a few times, tapping their foot against the polished floor, that being the only sound in the room. Everyone had fallen silent. Kane's head slowly lowered, staring at that tapping foot. He lowered his hands to his sides, letting them fall limply. As he did that, he also raised his head to look at the Enemy head-on.