
"Dunno. Maybe an hour or so. We'll follow the tracks; they curve back to the city. Then we'll use alleys as cover."
"Sounds fun," she said sarcastically. "I just love getting blisters on the same day of a riot, watching a kid get orphaned, and knocking a man unconscious. Love it."
Ayden frowned. "As do I." He faced her as he talked. "Did you know the kid?"
Jade ducked her head and stared at the wooden planks lining her path. "Yes. I saved him once, from a burning building. It was the first day I really got an idea of what was going on. It's strange how so much can be happening and so little people know or care about it. Like people starving in other countries. Over here we have no worry for that, no real care. Or a few years back when there were huge riots in Africa, no one here did anything about it. It makes me sick how people can be like this...uncaring. And now it's happening to us and we act like it's the worst thing in the world." She shook her head at the planks. "People need to think, to put themselves in others shoes."
She finally looked up at Ayden, who was staring at her in awe. Or like she was a two-headed pig, she couldn't really tell. He opened his mouth as if to speak but nothing came out, and closed it. He tried again. "This is why I'm glad I chose you. You're always thinking of others, not yourself."
"I gave up the vow--"
"The way you act has nothing to do with that vow. This is you. It's who you are, Jade." He sighed. "I just hope you don't change that part of you."
It has everything to do with the vow. If I hadn't made it, it wouldn't be this hard to not willingly throw my life away. She looked out at the narrow river of mud and slowed down her pace on the bridge.
"Hey," Ayden said, nudging her arm, "Enough of this talk. It's bringing both of us down."
Jade glanced at him and he smirked. "Can't keep your eyes off me. Hey, look over there!" He pointed out at the river of mud and she looked back at it.
"What are you pointing at--ah!" Ayden shoved her hard enough to make her loose her balance and plummet into the mud. She landed on her back and sucking sounds were all around her as she moved and squirmed around in the brown substance. "Ayden! I should make Maddox and Mathias play another prank on you for this!"
Several feet above her, Ayden was laughing up a storm, his hand clutched to his stomach. "It--" He broke off into uproarious giggles. "It hurts! It hurts to laugh!"
"That's not all that's going to be hurting if you don't get down here and help me up," Jade called out.
"Alright, al-- hah, right." Ayden slung his legs over the edge of the bridge and hopped down. His feet plopped into the mud and set a few specks flying into the air. Phlup, phlup, phlup.
When he made it over to her, he just stood there and stared down. After a moment of this, he snorted and failed at containing further laughs. As much as Jade wanted to be mad, she couldn't help but let out a string of giggles herself. She held out a hand. "You going to help me up, or what?"
He grabbed her hand and squeezed it tightly. "Fine."
Jade smiled evilly and Ayden realized his mistake a moment too late. She tugged on his hand and he came crashing down into the mud, his hands digging into the earth to keep his face out of it. Unfortunately for her, he had landed on top of her. Now there was even more wet dirt on her.
"Get off," she whined, squirming. "You're going to crush me."
"Nah, I'm quite comfortable where I am." He stuck out his tongue and smirked.