

"Yes. I just so happen to treat my last name as my first." He smiled again and walked off.

He's pretty strange for being a military general. At least, from what I can tell. And so, Jade Maliks faced the window, checking to make sure the ground still existed one last time, and closed her eyes for much needed shut-eye.

******

The sun was rising when Jade opened her eyes. The fiery sunrise was astonishing, spreading a dim glow throughout the plane. Jade took time to note that the sun she saw that was just rising now was setting somewhere else in the world. She watched in awe as the stratosphere shifted from color to color, from light grays to pale purples, vermilion reds to vibrant pinks, chromatic oranges to faint blues which flooded the sky like paint buckets knocked over the horizon.

The ground neared, and as the plane landed Jade couldn't help but feel the dread overcoming her as she was forced to abandon the sight she now shared with the birds. She snatched up her duffel bag and walked close behind General Banks as they exited the plane. He led her to a polished, black SUV and they both climbed in the back seat. Great, more traveling.

The car flew through the streets of California. As Jade stared out the window, she watched the coast speed by. Endless stretches of sand were swept by little waves, families and children were bent over collecting seashells, a boardwalk wrapped around buildings only a little bit away from the start of ocean. The car zoomed past others on the road, clearly breaking the speed limit. Eventually they slowed to a steady crawl once they entered a parking garage. At least, it looks like one. The car drove tardily in circles, heading deep into the dank underground.

Now it was confirmed: they were in what Jade had suspected earlier. Although, she doubted where they stopped was as far as it went. General Banks waited patiently for her to exit the car and follow him.

The dimly lit parking complex was empty, and their footsteps echoed in the yellow-hued space. They stepped into a slick elevator and Banks pressed a button with a swift flick of the wrist. The doors closed and they zoomed further down, and before Jade knew it they were walking down a hall with scads of doors. They paused at a door with the number seventy-two carved into it, and the general pulled out a key-card and swiped it through a mechanic beside the door.

"This will be your room for the time being. I suggest you don't get too comfortable, you won't be in there for prolonged periods of time, other than during sleep." He gave Jade's duffel a gentle kick, and she gave his foot a sideways glance. I hope nothing fragile is in there, she thought. "Training starts immediately."

******

Jade stood tense in the midst of a shooting range; only one other person occupied the space. The woman behind her slipped on a pair of protective glasses before handing a pair to Jade. Ow, these things are pinching the hell out of my face. But safety first, right?

The woman she shared air with began explaining what was to be done. "Today I'm going to teach you how to shoot a target in the most basic way possible." She ran her eyes up and down Jade, pursing her lips in what Jade guessed was disapproval. "I'm betting you've never had experience with this type of thing?"