
"And why exactly do you care? You seem way more content with that Jade chick." She narrowed her eyes at the shapes of her feet sticking up under the blanket.
"I didn't want any more blood on my hands..." Brad looked down at his palms and clenched them into fists, a habit he had developed over the years when he was trying to hide the emotions on his face.
"Why would my well-being be on your hands?" Lea looked up, her brows furrowed in confusion.
"Because it was...I did...you were..." Rip it off like a band-aid. "I was the one that hit you with the car! Okay? And damn, am I sorry..." Brad walked over to the windowsill and peeked through the blinds, needing a reason to nonchalantly avoid her eyes.
The room was silent for a few moments until Lea said something that made him practically choke on air. "Thanks bud. I'm actually glad you landed me in here, it's not like I had anywhere to stay. And the food here for me is free. Life in paradise, I'll say." She let out a content sigh as she put her hands behind her head once again. This girl, I swear...what's she gonna throw at me next?
"Stop looking at me like that, you act as if I've just been hit by a . . . oh . . .never mind." She began chuckling to herself. "Are you gonna tell me the grotesque details, or what? I wanna know how much blood was gushing out of me."
"Do you get a kick out of things like that?" Brad faced her.
"Well duh. Why else would I ask?" Lea said.
"I...should I leave? Obviously the only thing I'm doing is annoying you," Brad said quickly, already starting to walk to the door.
"Wait! Don't leave me!" He turned around to see Lea's arm outstretched towards him. "I mean..." She quickly lowered her hand and made an annoyed face. "It'll just be more boring without someone here."
"You have nurses and doctors to keep you company." Brad placed his hand on the door handle.
"But they're all annoying." Lea rolled her eyes. "Oh, dearie are you doing okay? Hon, let me just insert this here. Are you feeling okay?" she said in a high-pitched mimicking voice.
"Why do you want me to stay though? Rick's out there, I'm sure he'll be much better to talk to."
"Rick's not you though." Lea's voice cracked just a little. Barely noticeable, but Brad still caught it. He hesitated, removing his hand from the door  and pulling a chair over to Lea's side and plopping down. "Good. I'm convincing enough to keep even you here." Brad saw the relief in her eyes. It may not have seemed like it to anyone else, but he could tell Lea was happy that  Brad had stayed. She hid it well, but Brad saw through.
Before they started conversing, a single memory popped into Brad's mind. The one that told him that it would come back.
Young Bradley stood on the roof of the hospital, looking over the edge. He was several stories up, looking off into the distance. His tears had subsided once the warm air hit him and he now wore an unwavering frown. Bradley placed his hands on the brick ledge, looking down. The ground seemed to shake below him, and dizziness overcame him. Lifting his head up again, he settled for staring at the view. The sun was high above his head, heating the landscape. Bradley felt like he was on fire, but not from the heat of the sun. From the heat of his anger, his rage. The unrelenting fury he would feel for years to come. A boy his age usually wouldn't be able to hold this much wrath without hitting the breaking point. But Bradley was no average boy, and never would be from that day on. In fact, from that day on, he made a vow to himself.