
QUICK A/N: The picture on the side is who I've been picturing as Ayden for a while now (Props to whoever knows who that is). Finally revealed! Just stick in some blue eyes and brighter hair, and it's a match. Plus, check out the song on the side too. (It works best if you listen to it more towards the end of the chapter. You'll know when to turn it on [insert winky face here]). Happy reading!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Jade's shoes clicked against the moist, uppermost deck of the fishing vessel. It was like nothing in size compared to what the cruise ship had been, but it was still larger than most other boats. It was breakfast at the moment, and everyone was being fed, but Jade had skipped out. I really need some fresh air. Ian had followed her around non-stop since they had been picked up and out of the lifeboat, and she was beginning to feel claustrophobic around him. This seemed to be the only time she was able to get some elbow room.
Jade stepped up to the railing that kept people and the daily catchings from falling overboard. She gripped the frigid metal tightly, not caring that it made her fingers burn with the cold. She let out a deep breath, watching it curl into a white cloud of fog before disappearing into the atmosphere. This is good for me. It's good to be away from people, from everything. Well, not everything. I still have thoughts. These memories of everything that I've gone through during the past year. Twelve months. It had been twelve months since she started what would soon develop into her current lifestyle. All because of a vow she had made. All because of one simple kick.
"Why did I even make that vow in the first place?" she said to no one in particular. The waves answered her, lapping gently against the side of the boat and making it rock up and down ever so slightly. Sighing, Jade rested her forearms on the icy railings, leaning down and laying her forehead against her sweater sleeves. And why have I gone through with it?
"It depends. What was the vow?" Jade snapped her head up and whirled around, only to see a grinning redhead staring back at her. "Sorry, didn't mean to startle ye there."
"It's fine." So much for being alone. "Why aren't you downstairs eating breakfast?"
Ayden stuck his hands in his pockets. "I could ask the same thing. Perhaps we have the same motives, reasons."
Jade snorted and turned around to face the morning sky; bright oranges, yellows, and light blues spilling over the horizon like cans of paint. And to think I was going to have at least five minutes to myself. A presence showed up beside her, resting its own arms on the railing next to her own. "You still haven't answered my question."
"I don't have to. Mind your own beeswax, you nosy little boy."
Ayden placed a hand over his heart, feigning hurt. "You wound me. Plus, walking in on that guy taking a dump was purely accidental."
Jade sighed, turning her head to face him completely. "I'm surprised you're able to talk with that stitch going from your lip up to the middle of your cheek."
This time real hurt showed up on his face, and he turned to face the glistening sea. "I'm going to kill that bastard the next time I see him. No more holding back."
"Why did you hold back in the first place?"
Ayden let his head drop, facing his arms that rested on the rails. He sighed, letting out a big puff of air. "I'll make you a deal. If you answer my question about your vow, I'll tell you why I held back."
It's this really such a good idea? I haven't told anyone about that. Except for Ian. But that was only because I trusted him not to tell anyone. Can I trust Ayden? Jade looked at him closely, taking in every detail of his face. He was still looking down, so she could stare without him making any smart remarks about it. He had a small face, his freckled cheekbones high up. From what Jade had noticed before, his eyebrows angled downwards, even more so now that they were furrowed in deep concentration on his fidgety hand. What she hadn't noticed before though, was a faint patch of red skin covering his temple. The fiery red hair covered a portion of it, but when the wind gave out a particularly big gust, it was moved and visible in its entirety.