
When he faced the Enemies this time, they stood back as if hesitant to attack. Jade hid to the right of him, able to see only his chin and mouth. His lips perked up slightly. His left arm moved back, moving towards the second handle mounted to his back. The gloved fingers wrapped around it, fitting perfectly. He pulled at it, much like what he had done when he pulled out his first weapon. Jade could hear the sound of it scraping against the mount, and watched it move until that arm was held at his side just like the other one. Now he held two machetes, one untarnished and shining, the other covered in a dark crimson. To add onto his sense of danger, he cracked his neck, rolling it around and creating popping sounds which echoed against the high walls.
If the Enemies were reluctant before, now they were downright petrified. They backed up, more afraid of this man than anything they had ever encountered. Or so Jade thought.
The leader of them let out a loud, exasperated sigh. "If you don't kill him now, I will kill you all myself single-handedly. I will give you thirty seconds, and if this guy isn't laying on the floor crying for his mommy by then, I'll use your own hands to strangle you with." He paused. "Now go!"
The Enemies were at it again, this time all at once. They all kept in pace with each other, no one going too far ahead or slacking too far behind. Kane was, in the best use of the word, screwed. He stood his ground though, not moving one bit. One sigh escaped him. He moved around as little as possible until he held both machetes with one hand. He used his free hand to fumble around with something on the belt that was under his cloak, whispering under his breath. When he brought it back out he held a sphere-like object and brought it up to his teeth, biting onto a piece of it. His head snapped back, and Jade saw something sticking out of his mouth. He spat it out and it clinked against the floor. When that was done, he held the sphere up high in his hand, showing the Enemies what he held.
Red smoke began billowing out of it, filling the air. Kane slammed it against the ground, forcing a cloud of it to conceal his entirety. It spread out, inching forward at first, but then sped towards the Enemies like a rocket launcher. Jade only had a moment to watch them jump back in surprise before she herself was engulfed in the bright vermilion.
A pair a fingers wrapped around her arm and she opened her mouth to scream, but that was covered by another hand. "Shh, it's just me. Good old Ayden. I'm going to move somewhere, and I'm going to guide you since you can't see. Well, neither can I, but I'll figure it out. We can't get separated though. Keep close."
A scream pierced the air just then, coming from where Kane had once stood. "Don't worry. It wasn't him. It was one of those bleached bastards that think they're such innocent angels. I hope they all choke on their halos," Ayden said. He stood up, pulling Jade to her feet right along with him. "This way. Oh, by the way, forget the whole, 'I'm absolutely terrified,' thing ever happened."
They crept along, avoiding the center as much as possible. With every scream came a wince from Jade. Before she had no problem with this, but not knowing who was making the sound or exactly where it was coming from made her jumpy. Her breathing picked up slightly, adrenaline starting to trickle into her bloodstream. First day, no sleep, no food, and I think I just heard like three people die at the same time. And Ayden knows that guy! The red guy! If this means what I think it means, then I might just pass out.
A scream came from her left, and of course she whipped her head around to the sound. A faint blotch of white was visible, as was a flash of silver coming in contact with that same blotch. She thought she saw half of a face looking at her before a puff of red covered the scene. Jade couldn't help but shiver. It was the most disturbing scene she had seen all day, despite all the death and blood. To add on to that disturbance was the flickering of lights, which she had ignored for the most part up until now. All she saw one second was a screen of red, and the next was a wall of black. I think the only thing keeping my sanity inside is Ayden.