
The both of them tried locating where the sound was coming from. Sure enough, Sixtine was standing on a ledge hanging off the side of a wall that was meant to lead to the elevators and indoor food court. It resembled a sort of balcony without protective railing.
"One last thing before I leave," Sixtine hollered. "If you don't drown or freeze to death, the bomb with certainly make sure you don't--"
The whole ship shook violently, making everyone collapse to the ground. It was as if an earthquake had found its place under each and every floorboard, causing a few to pop up out of place and send splinters flying in every which way. Then came the sounds. A huge boom! It was so loud that Ayden thought his ears would start bleeding and he'd be deaf forever. Clanking and bangs of objects and metals coming in contact with other things rang out through the air. Screeches and screams emanated from everyone taking refuge low on the deck.
The most eye-catching and mind-blowing factor were the visions produced. Almost like a light-show, one might say. A very dangerous and life threatening light show. As Ayden sat on the cold deck on his knees, something bright was caught in his peripheral vision. He slowly turned around to see a white hot light. An arm flew up to cover his eyes instinctively, but he didn't need to hold it there for long. The whites quickly transformed into bright blues, yellows, oranges, and finally to the normal color of fire. The light shrank below the ledge but he could still see the light glinting off the waves in the distance.
Just when he thought it was over and safe to stand up again, another earsplitting bang emitted from far below. It seemed to be right below him. As it got closer and closer, Ayden realized the possibilities of what that might be. Standing up in a half-crouched position, he grabbed Jade's arm and yanked her along with him over to the ledge that kept them from falling overboard. Not even a second before they could somewhat regain themselves, the floor where they once had sat was torn apart piece by piece. Wood splintered and flew out in every direction, a few of the larger pieces ended up stuck in the arm Ayden was using to shield his face with.
More blinding light shot up from the newborn hole, stopping well above the frightened heads. The heat blew against their skin, stopping the prolonged shivering instantly. Air forced them against the ledge, making it almost impossible to move.
A loud bang and a deafening scream sounded from a little ways to his left and seemingly from high up. Ayden turned towards the sound to see the balcony from earlier swing out at a blistering speed. And Sixtine was still on it. She had her fingers latched under a metal bar that was under the balcony, and that seemed to be the only thing keeping her from falling off and into the freezing waters. The flames coming from the new hole in the shattered ground had died down some, shrinking lower and lower beneath the surface  of the top deck with each passing second.
The balcony-like base stopping moving as soon as it was directly above the hole, jerking to a violent halt. This sudden cease caused Sixtine to slide off the balcony. The only thing keeping her from sliding entirely off and into the hungry flames below were her fingers, caught and twisted uncomfortably under the metal bar. She screamed in pain, trying to wriggle them free. She managed to get a few out and would've proceeded to do so, if not for a wrinkly, white-haired woman calling over for her to hang on. Sixtine had stopped trying to break free and slowly lowered her gaze to what laid below her. Her eyes widened in terror, and she whimpered loudly from where she hung.