
One was placed in front of Evan too, but to Ian's surprise, he denied it. "No thanks. I've had enough." Ian raised an eyebrow at him. "What? I know when enough is enough. You, however," Evan said, "don't. As a first timer, you're having too much. Which means no more of that." He reached over and snatched the glass from Ian's hand.
"Hey! I wasn't done with that!"
"You are now."
Ian huffed and kicked at the counter, then rested his head on the wooden surface, arms keeping the dim light and the sight of his friend to enter his vision. I'll get more somehow. When no one is around to stop me. His ears weren't as well protected, though, and a tinkling sound found them. Then the sound of a door closing. Then footsteps, light footfalls. Someone's wearing heels. I wonder if it's Evan? No...he's already in here...
Something touched Ian's shoulder. He flinched and snapped his head up. Dots clouded his vision for a moment, and he cursed himself for not moving slower. "A drink, please," a feminine voice said behind him. When his eyes cleared, he turned around to look at this person that had their hand placed calmly on his back.
His eyes widened when they found her face. She was beautiful in every sense of the word. She had high cheekbones and a small, tan face, with dark brown hair that fell past her shoulders in loose curls, some pieces falling in front of her eyes, which caught most of his attention. A dark green. No, a jade green. He found himself unable to look away from them.
She smiled with blinding white teeth. "Hello there."
"H-hi," Ian said.
"Looks like cat's got your tongue," the woman said, followed by a short laugh. A drink somehow ended up in her hand, the other one still on Ian's shoulder, and she chugged it down in a matter of seconds. Ian shook his head and blew out his cheeks. She looked down and smirked. "What? I can drink just as much as the next guy out there."
"Well, I can see that," Ian replied. He felt his hands begin to sweat and wiped them on his pants, still staring at her.
She smiled again and held out a hand. "I'm Tony. And you are?"
Ian took her hand and shook it, conscious about his clammy palm. "Jovian. You can call me Ian, though."
"I like Jovian. It's different."
Ian smiled this time. She's ten times better than Jade ever was. I can tell. "Thanks."
The two shared grins, the only thing breaking their stares being the one, the only, Evan. "Oh, Ian! You caught a gazelle! Eat it now!"
Tony gave him a weird look, then looked back at Ian. He chuckled. "It's uh, an inside thing. Don't mind him," Ian said nervously.
All three formed a triangle of laughter, and for the first time in a long time, Ian felt truly happy. Things are finally turning up for me. Let's hope it doesn't crash and burn like everything else I've known.