
A/N: New characters galore! I'll ask up here to vote if you enjoyed, and to leave feedback if you so please. After you read, feel free to tell me who your favorite character is so far. [Insert winky face here]. Also, please point out any mistakes you find, or if something doesn't sound right; it would help me a ton! And, who likes the new cover?
Another dedication, this time to @The_Last_Hero because he said I wouldn't. But I did, so HA, in your face. (Go follow him and be sure to keep an eye out for the story he'll be posting sometime in the near future. You guys all like dystopian, right?)
**************************
Jade's eyes snapped open to a loud bang. She sat up quickly, becoming dizzy and lightheaded from moving too fast. Small dots covered her vision for a few seconds before fading away. It was easy for her eyes to adjust to the dim lighting, which she didn't know the origin of. She craned her neck upwards, expecting to see lights up there, but there were none. The ceiling looked bumpy, and in some places small drops of water plummeted down, crashing onto the concrete floor and making tiny splashing sounds.
Where am I? Her hands brushed a piece of fabric and she looked down. She clutched a thin blanket in her hands, the only separation between her and the crusty mattress situated on the cot. Her nose wrinkled in disgust at the torn pieces that exposed chunks of yellowed cotton, which she scooted away from.
Jade looked to the side to see a metal garbage can in the center of the room, with tiny flames spurting from it before ducking back in. The orange light flickered across the dark walls, giving off both a cozy and alert feeling. Curious, she moved her legs so that her bare feet rested on the moist concrete. After a moment of hesitation, she slid completely off the cot so that she stood straight up. She almost didn't notice how a layer of sweat covered her body, making her clothes stick to her body. I guess I'm starting to blend in with this wet room.
She slowly moved her feet forward, cautious with every step. Okay, so I don't know where I am, I don't know how I got here, and I don't know what happened before I...never mind. Images of a man coated in red flashed through her mind, and she shivered. I do not want to have to come across him again. I don't even care, I just want to stay as far away from him as possible.
"So, Sleeping Beauty finally woke up."
Jade whirled around to face a very familiar red cloak. Great. I jinxed it. She began backing up without thought, moving in the same direction she had been moving before. The man known as Kane uncrossed his arms from his chest, letting them hang loosely at his sides. "What? Am I that terrifying to you?" His lips perked upwards, the only portion of his face that Jade could see. "Maybe it's best that way."
Kane took a step forward, and in turn Jade took two extra steps back. He did this again, and so did she. Jade gulped, finally finding her voice. "What do you want with me? Why am I here? What is this place?"
"I want nothing more than to eat your soul, and you're in Hell."
"What?!" Did I not go to church enough? Who am I kidding, I've never walked into a church. "Stay back! Or I'll...I'll hit you with a bible and make you drink holy water!"
"Relax, chica. I was kidding. Man, you're too gullible. I could have some fun with that."
...Oh. "I knew that. I was only making you think I believed what you said." She paused, shaking her head. "Answer my questions, or else..." she trailed off, looking around the room for something she might be able to use as a weapon. "Or else I'll use that gross mattress against you."