
Just then, two more drinks were placed by their elbows, and they both started sipping. After a moment, Evan placed his down and stood up. "Yes, you will hunt today. You are that cartoon guy with the long, red beard hunting the 'wabbit.'"
Ian frowned. "But he never got the 'wabbit.' He was always outsmarted."
"Fine, nit-picker. You're a grizzly bear about to swallow a gazelle whole. Now, for lesson one, as your teacher, I am telling you to go work your warlock powers on her. Off with you, Gandalf!"
Evan pushed Ian forward, and he mumbled under his breath while looking at his shoes. "Stupid freaking bears and gazelles and sorcery and--" He collided with a young woman around his age, the one they had been speaking about, and they both apologized at the same time. "No, no, I was the one not paying attention, you're fine."
The woman smiled, and Ian couldn't help but smile back. She's pretty. Then an overwhelming image passed through his mind, and the grin was replaced with a frown. Not like Jade, though. "I'm sorry, I...I've got to go," he said, and left her there smiling by herself.
When he sat back on his stool, Evan was staring at him slack-jawed and wide eyed. "You did not just diss her like that. You were doing so well! She was all over those dimples, and you just left her hanging!"
"Thanks for noticing my dimples."
"This is no time for sarcasm, my friend. You need to get over Jade, quick. Forgetting about her will be easier with someone else occupying your thoughts," Evan said, pushing back his long, dark blond hair, only to have it fall back into his eyes again. "And I intend to help you with that."
Ian skirted his friends eyes and picked up the glass again, and chugged. Soon, it too was empty, just like his mind. He couldn't think of a reply to what Evan had said. The glass was set down hastily, and he gestured to the bartender who quickly snatched up the glass to refill it. Finally, he shrugged. "You can try."
"Ah, but I'm not the one who can get you over her. Only you can do that. The only thing in my hands is the option to ease you through it. I can direct you, but I can't hold your hand and lead you. You're the one who has to move your feet," Evan said.
Another full glass was placed by Ian's elbow, and he turned his whole body to look at Evan. "Then I'd better start running." He took a long, slow drink this time, gulping at the beverage. No, not beverage. Medicine. Medicine for a broken mind. "The problem is, what if I trip?"
"Isn't that on every runner's mind before a race? On every dancer's mind before the curtains open? Sometimes we have to take risks, Ian."
"Yeah. And when I trip over a pebble in the road and fall off the side of a cliff, I'll haunt you until you do the same."
Evan chuckled. "I can live with that. Now," he said, "you think you can try to catch another gazelle?"
"If it'll get us to stop talking in deep metaphors, then yes."
"Finally, cooperation!" Evan teased. "Now, take your pick in the crowd, start dancing, make sure she notices." He winked. Ian took one final lug of his drink, then stood up and faced the rowdy crowd with skepticism. He threw his head back to look at his friend, and he sighed. "Might as well come with you." The two approached the throbbing group, soon enveloped in between dancing bodies, if it could even be called dancing. It's more like they're flailing around. I think that one guy just got smacked in the face.