
Logan got to his feet and bounded over to her, then held out a hand. "Can I please have that b-back?"
"Who's is it?" she asked.
"Mine," the two boys said in unison. "No, mine! Stop copying me!" Logan pleaded with his eyes. "I've been w-working on that for a long time, trying to get it op-open. Kane is too dumb to figure it out a-anyways."
"Says Mister S-st-stutterer," Kane started. "You're only fifteen. I've been alive longer, therefore I know just as much as you if not more. Tell me, what's the difference between a plant and animal cell?"
"F-first of all, that's a basic sci-science question. Second of all, how does that re-relate to this? Thirdly, plants h-have chloroplasts and a cell w-wall."
"Both of you, quit arguing," Jade interrupted, then handed the item to one of the boys. "Here, Logan. It's pretty clear that it's yours."
Logan looked at the metal in his hands and smiled, then looked up at Jade. "Th-thank you." She smiled warmly down at him. This is a nice kid. Still wonder what the stutters and twitches are about though... "I'm going to go w-work on this down in the meeting room. I've got a few things st-stashed down there to eat too, so don't b-bother me, Kane." And without another word, he was gone, just like the others had gone, and now Jade was alone with this creepy guy.
Jade started moving over to the stairwell, not sure where she would go. Maybe back up to that one room I woke up in? Yeah, sounds good to me. Anything is better than being stuck with this person. Her fingers could only brush against the rusted metal before a gloved hand reached out and snatched up her arm. The fingers were held tightly against her wrist, digging into the skin. She looked at Kane, who held his head lower, somehow covering his face in more shadows with that huge red hood of his. Before she could say a word, he lifted his free hand up to his mouth, gesturing for her to cooperate in silence. Not finding any other option, she nodded, and he let go.
"This way," he whispered, quietly heading down the dust-coated hall. His footfalls made no sound. Jade cautiously followed in attempts to match his stealthy steps. She looked down at her wrist as she walked, noticing the red marks in the shape of fingers imprinted on her skin.
Soon they came to a door, one with only a small, hazy window in the middle. Kane's hand rested on the doorknob and he turned to Jade, whispering. "I'm going to show you River. Quiet one, he is. Only ever messes with that box he's got there. Never seen his face, either."
She wanted to ask, "How could you never have seen his face before?" but then remembered that she was talking to an identity unknown to herself, and kept the question to herself.
Kane ushered her inside the room once the door was opened, and he followed soon after. The room was similar to the rest of the underground facility: rusted and infested with clumps of dirt. The only difference was the person leaning against one of the spotted walls, head drooping in the direction of the hand they held in front of their face. Jade thought she saw a black object tucked behind their fingers, but didn't linger on that aspect for long, more invested in what shielded their face. A black hockey mask obscured the identity of them like a veil, as if it were forcing them to mourn the loss of their ability to express themselves. Several small squares with wire mesh were lined up in rows where the mouth and nose were supposed to be. Two large holes filled with the same mesh material concealed the eyes of this person. Not a single hair was visible either, covered by a black hood which connected to a sweatshirt of the same color. This being was unreadable, emotionless, and reminded Jade of something that was dead, yet somehow still living.