
The cup smashed into the man's nose, a sickening crack following afterwards. A flash of memory flickered in front of Finn's eyes for only a moment--one of a fist coming in contact with his own nose--but it was enough to make him continue what he planned to do. Boss' head snapped to the side and he stumbled backwards, gripping his nose. Streams of blood trickled from his nostrils and over his lips, and the red streaks dripped from his chin and soaked into the carpet.
"You're fired! The police will arrest you and you'll be locked up for years!"
Finn only smiled. "They won't. I won't go back there. No, Maliks already put me in there for a few weeks and put me behind schedule. And having been my former boss, you should know that I can't stand not being organized. Not knowing exactly when to do something. In fact, I've been planning this for a few days. Fit right in with my schedule. Very convenient."
He took two steps forward and lifted his leg up, placing his foot on Boss' chest and pushing out. Boss crashed into the wall, pressing himself against it as though that inanimate object would save him. "You're not lying to me. This is all truth. And you're going to kill me."
"Bingo, old man. Here," he paused, sending two blows right at the man's face. The aviators cracked at first, then broke entirely, giving way with a loud crunch. Boss screamed at the pain of the glass entering his eyeball, and Finn found himself cringing at the sight. "Now I'm actually starting to feel bad. I didn't mean to break the glasses. But...it needs to be done. I need to stay on schedule in order to make things right, and I can't have you getting in the way of things." He tore the frames of the glasses off the man's face, tossing them to the ground and crushing them with his foot.
Finn jogged over to his desk and set the mug down gently before running over to the window and raising the blinds again, filling the room with bright, natural light. He glimpsed over his shoulder, making sure Boss wasn't going anywhere. The poor guy had his hands over his eyes, blood creeping out through the cracks in his fingers and joining the blood from his nose. And to think I had once called this man an ally. Now he's trying to mess with me, to ruin my plans, to ruin me. But the thing is, if I don't fix these problems, who will?
He sighed, and trudged back over to the table. The cup was snatched up in his right hand and he threw it at the window, shattering it into millions of pieces. A sense of déjà vu came over him, and another memory of him aiming a gun at a wall of glass rushed through his mind.
"You have no idea how long I've wanted to do this, to bring back that mischievous grin that was always in trouble and hated. Hated by everyone but me because I was considered such a little angel." Ayden struggled beneath him, stretching away from the blade held at the corner of his mouth, only making it cut deeper. "Where's your grin now, little boy?" Ayden did the opposite of what Finn expected. He stared him directly in the eyes, rage and betrayal playing in his eyes. Not wanting to risk showing weakness, Finn did the same, staring into those eyes as he extended the corner of his mouth. He hadn't wanted to hurt him, but he felt it was necessary. He was being put behind schedule, and more lives were being lost by the second. If he didn't do this now, he'd regret it, knowing he could've ended the Resistance right then and there, in turn saving lives that were being taken. The lives of those helping him, the ones in riot gear, lost to Rebels. This man was a Rebel. He had to kill him. He had to shove the knife into his mouth when he'd least expect it, killing him. But he couldn't. He couldn't. He didn't.
Finn was brought back to the present, and stared at the destroyed window in front of him. "I didn't kill him. But I will next time. I promise." He now faced Boss, a look of disgust on his face. "His death will benefit millions, it will end the war. But, you," he said, pointing an accusing finger at Boss. "You need to die because you don't want him dead. You'll eventually side with him, and you'll turn the others against me, and this war will never be won."