
Knowing that that may be the last time he'd ever be able to hold Jade that close to him, Ayden savored the moment. That is, until a shudder caused them to separate and send all of their focus and standing upright. Several people in the crowd did the same, Ayden being one of the unfortunates that fell and collapsed to the floor in a huddle. It lasted about half a minute and murmurs swept through the crowd once it was over.
"Excuse me, excuse me." Finn had the microphone up to his lips. "Calm down everyone. I need you all to evacuate and head to the deck. You'll be instructed on what to do from there. As for Jade Maliks and Ayden Crockwell..." He lowered his gaze down to the two in the center of the room. "I need you both to stay here."
After his words processed through the minds of everyone in the room, panic set in and the crowd squeezed through the doors. A couple chairs ended up laying haphazardly on the floor. Before long, the room was empty, containing only the furniture, Finn, Jade, Ayden.
The Enemy dropped the microphone, letting it clatter and roll across the stage. An ear-piercing ringing noise filled the room, and once it finished, Finn smiled brightly. "Now. Let's get to that talk I said we would have earlier, shall we?"
<><><><><>
Sixtine laughed manically as she turned the small knob on the vault door, looking down at the slip of paper in her hand occasionally. Eventually she heard a soft click and the door swung inwards. A huge grin found it's home on her face as she stepped inside. The room was fairly large with steel walls on every side. Fluorescent lights lit the space that she was about to begin working in. Along every wall stood machines, switches, buttons, and levers galore. However, none of these things were what she was looking for.
Her heels clicked along the pristine linoleum flooring, the only sound there besides the slight humming coming from the machinery. Sixtine reached a freshly manicured hand under her dress and reached into the pocket of the shorts she had worn underneath it. Out came a small, shining disc, concealed safely in the clutch of her hand. It was about the size of three of her fingernails put together and it was extremely thin, so she carried it in great care.
She stopped in front of a metal box, placing the disc down gently on the panel below her. A keypad kept the box locked tight, and she struggled to remember the exact code she was supposed to punch in. A light-bulb went off in her head and she proceeded to type in the numbers and letters on the keypad. After a few seconds of processing, the door made a quiet beeping sound and the box swung open slowly. Sixtine's eyes scanned the many buttons and slots. Seeing the thing she came down here for, she cautiously picked up the disc again, rubbing it between her index finger and thumb. I'll make them pay . . . all of them. But for now, let's just start here.
Sixtine slipped the disc into one of the thin slots, listening as the mechanisms it just activated jostled around inside. A section of the steel wall next to the box detached itself from the rest, allowing two more keypads to take its place. She knew the exact numbers by heart that she would punch in.
For the first one, 00:08:00.
For the second one, 01:45:00.
She pressed confirm on both keypads and straightened her dark blue dress out some. The pleasing sound of barely noticeable beeping emanated from both keypads as they counted down for her.