
"Hurting me will only hurt you in the end," he said to Ayden. He was trying to sound confident, but Jade saw the fear in his pool-like eyes.
"I'm not going to hurt you. Nothing will benefit me in doing so. You're not a threat like those two." Ayden pointed to the two bodies sprawled out on the floor. "You have nothing that I need." He stood up straighter as he spoke. "I don't need or want any extra blood on my hands, if I don't have to. I will leave you unharmed."
"Thank you," the man said, relief in his voice.
"I'm not finished," Ayden said, holding up a finger. "I will leave you unharmed, if you don't interfere with us ever again. Delete us from your life. Forget everything about us. And make all of your workers do the same. Understand?"
The man stood there processing Ayden's words for a moment before nodding. "Understood. Now leave." He gestured towards the door. Ayden nodded towards the man, and they exchanged words through stares. Ayden placed a hand on Jade's back and gently pushed her towards the door. She grabbed the handle and turned it, and as she began pulling it open she was suddenly stopped and jerked to the side. A knife zoomed past her head and became lodged into the door. Jade whipped her head back to see the man with his arm outstretched. An unsatiable rage grew inside of her, and her fingers twitche slightly. I could've died! After all the shit I've been through in the past year, I have had not a single moment of easiness! Time to cut a bitch!
Jade yanked the knife out of the door and ran at the man so fast that he didn't even have time to blink. She stabbed him in the leg the same way he had done to her earlier, and he fell to the ground, suppressing a moan of pain. He tried pulling the knife out but she had stuck it in so deep that it was stuck there. Jade walked back over to a wide-eyed Ayden. "He may not want any more blood on his hands. But I'm just getting started," she said. Jade turned around, yanking the door open, and dragging Ayden along behind with her.
"That was...just..." Ayden trailed off as they power-walked through the corridor.
"Not something I would do? I've been trying new things."
"I like how you think," he said. "But no, it's not like ye to do something like that. All those interviews of people talking about ye just--" His hand flew up to cover his mouth.
Jade stopped in her tracks. "How the hell did you get ahold of those?"
"Uh..." He scratched the back of his head. "Well..." Jade crossed her arms and waited for a response. "Let's just say I did a little research."
"So I've had a stalker this whole time? Great. Wonder who else has been digging deep into my business. By the way, how did you even find out about me if I live so far away from you? No news broadcasts are being distributed to anywhere but North America, and I'm pretty sure I've never met you before."
He sighed as they continued down the hall. "I was looking for a file, an important one. There was a category for people that should have a close eye kept on them. You happened to be in that category."
"And why does that matter? There's alot of important people in the world, I'm just one in a million. And I seriously doubt I'm that important."
"These weren't just any people like guards and high-standing generals that were in the category. It had people like presidents and lords and kings and queens. And you were categorized with them. Why? I have no idea, even after all my research. You seemed pretty ordinary to me, no fancy suit or attire, or really anything about you that made you any different from ordinary people. And what really puzzled me was how young you were. Twenty now, I believe?" Jade looked down at the ground as she walked. That's right. I guess after all that's happened, even I forgot.