
His head had been hanging low for a few minutes, and the room was silent with just Finn and him in there alone. The friend-turned-enemy stared at him solemnly, and Ayden knew he was thinking of the old times too. Any emotion quickly left his face and his thoughts were cleared once there was a knock on the door, however.
"Who is it?" he called out.
One of the men from earlier spoke. "Boss said ye could question him by ye self. You know 'em, doesn't wanna get 'is hands dirty." A chuckle followed shortly after.
"Very well then. Keep an eye on that girl for me. But don't try anything funny, got it?" Finn demanded.
"Aye, ye are no fun. Okay." The footsteps outside receded, and soon disappeared altogether. Silence followed. The only sound was their breathing and the faint sound of voices above in the rooms above.
"I guess we should get started, aye?" Finn finally asked. Ayden's mouth didn't open to respond. His new "interrogator" pushed something that looked like a medical cart closer to Ayden and pulled his own chair over to sit in front of him. Oh god...what's he gonna do to me? Those look sharp as feck...
Finn clasped his hands together, resting his fists on his lap and leaning forwards. "First question. Who are you working for now?"
"No one. I'm on my own now. Never really liked the whole picking sides thing. In fact, I think--" His cheek  flamed up in pain, so much force had impacted with his face that he ducked his head down and cringed. I've shown weakness, damn it! Finn lowered his fist and put his hands together again.
"Maybe we should start with a different question then?" He stood up and looked at his wide array of "toys" laying on the metal tray. His fingers skimmed over the array of sharp objects, eyeing them carefully. It seemed that he finally made a choice when his hand stopped moving and he gently lifted up a long, serated knife. It was placed along Ayden's forehead, and he stared up at Finn without moving his head. The blade was cold to the touch and he shivered, goosebumps running up and down his arm as if they were competing in the Olympics.
"Now...I want you to answer this one to the utmost honesty. In fact, in all truth I don't really want to hurt you. But, orders are orders and if you don't answer the right way I have no choice but to punish you." Finn looked straight at Ayden, deep into his eyes. It seems that you've forgotten how bad of a liar you are. A smirk played with the corners of the fiery red-heads lips.
"Do you find this amusing? Perhaps we'll keep that smile on you for the remainder of this." Finn stood up and took a step closer, sticking the blade in the corner of Ayden's mouth and tugging slightly, not hard enough to cut but enough to strike fear into him. "Now...for the question. What do you know that we don't?"
"I know several things. Nothing that you're not already hiding from everyone." He felt a slight sting at the corner of his mouth.
"I'll ask again, much clearer. Tell us what you know about the resistance group? Seeing as how you're a part of it," Finn said.