
"There was a bug. I got it," she said, lowering her arm.
"Well said. Just a quick question, should I run?" Jade asked nonchalantly.
"No. I need you for something." She put her hands behind her back and walked towards Jade innocently. "Take me with you in your helicopter. I could easily kill you now if you deny, and we both need to get off of here anyways. What do you say?" All the helplessness she gave off earlier was now dead, just like the sailor.
"Uh, sure. Not that I really have a choice," Jade said. Shouts were coming from around the corner. Both girls got into a fighting stance, Jade with the gun raised and the girl with her...chunks of metal? Jade had no idea what they were. They were silver, sharp, and all in different shapes and sizes. But what was the same about them all, was how they all looked like they could easily kill someone.
Six sailors came running out, two of them had knifes. They stopped in front of the girls for a few seconds, then broke into two groups, each coming at them in different directions. "You take the ones on the left, I'll take the ones on the right?" Jade asked.
"That sounded very cliche if you ask me, but sounds good to me," the girl answered, smiling. She rushed at one of the sailors, dragging one of her bladed circles across his neck.
Jade turned back to the people she was supposed to "take care of." Her handgun rang out as she fired two shots at one of them, both hitting him in the chest. He fell to the ground, holding his hands over the bullet holes. Just a piece of cardboard. The other two rushed towards her. She tried shooting at them but they were too quick, and she missed all of the shots. One of them was getting way too close to her, so Jade tried firing another shot at him. This time, however, no sound came from her gun. She pulled the trigger several more times, but it was empty. Great, now I'm stuck with the alternative.
Jade ran at him as well, and as soon as she was close enough she slammed the back of her gun into the side of head. He stumbled backwards, holding his now bleeding head. While he was still trying to regain himself she kicked him in the stomach, sending him falling to the ground. The other sailor finally caught up, and when Jade turned around she was met with his deafening glare. His fists flew at her, but she ducked, avoiding the blows. Jade stood back up and roundhouse kicked him in the face. My signature move.
He lowered his head, holding the side of his face and giving a look of shock. Jade smirked and made a beckoning motion with her hand. His facial expression turned to one of pure anger, and he charged. He sent his fist straight ahead of him, aimed for Jade's face. She barely moved to the side, dodging yet another blow. She grabbed his arm and twisted it back, pulling it behind his back. He gave out a pained cry as Jade used his arm as a sort of rail, flipping over his back and landing in a crouch on the deck. Jade got on her knees and yanked his arm harshly, causing him to flip in the air and onto his back.
Jade got back on her feet again quickly, observing what else was going on. Her eyes scanned the area for anyone else coming for her, and when she saw none she began looking for the girl. Jade found her as soon as the girl found her, and she made a gesture with her head telling Jade to come. There was a sailor on his knees in front of the girl, with blood dripping down his face, from his nose and lips and forehead. The girl had a firm grip on his hair, yanking his head back so that he was forced to look at her. Her other hand rested on his shoulder, keeping him from getting up. Once Jade got there she began speaking.