
Kane had just begun charging forward, machetes in hand, when a mass of people began flooding from the doors half had fled from earlier. What seemed to be an escape at first had actually been a chance to grab a weapon and join in the fight. The Rebels had been outnumbered before, but now it was just ridiculous. A groan came from Kane. "Couldn't have just made it easy for us this time, couldn't they?" Nonetheless, he started forward again. "I prefer challenges anyway."
"Don't kill them!" Ayden hollered. "Deaths can be avoided if you keep a level head!"
Kane charged at one of the opposers. The woman swung at his head and he ducked, taking the chance to lodge his blade in her calf. She collapsed in shrieks of pain and curses. Kane stood up slowly, turned to Ayden, formed a fake smile from under his hood and gave the thumbs up sign. Then he raised his machete as if to strike again and Ayden took off, fortunately slipping his katana between the machete and the woman's face in the nick of time.
The two partook in what looked like a heated argument then and there, in the midst of the fight as people screamed and stared in shock at bullet and stab wounds. They were acting like an old married couple in a rare circumstance in which they were surrounded by the stench of wet metal. At one point a Combatant tried sneaking up on Kane from behind, which Ayden notified him of, and the cloaked man twirled around in a fit of rage and struck the poor boy in the face with his blade. He dropped to the ground, lifeless, which brought more frenzy into their conversation.
This whole time, Jade stood watching, doing absolutely nothing but observing her surroundings in a sickening trance. A war-cry growing louder by the second broke her out of temporary hypnosis and she fired blindly at the sound. It struck a woman in the shoulder and she cried out, but kept moving. Jade fired again, this time at the woman's foot. That one stopped her. She tripped over her wound and crashed to the ground, and for an instant Jade felt like helping her up, but remembered why she was there. These people had taken Ian, and she was there to get him back.
Instantaneously courses of action appeared before her. She could dart past the fighting and head up, or she could stay and fight for a moment longer. If she chose the latter, she could fight up close or far away, on the ground...or from above. Jade recalled a ledge above the doorway with just enough width for her to stand on. That idea seemed the brightest at the moment and she headed towards it, using decorations that stuck out on the columns supporting the area to climb up. Once she did that, she heaved herself up and onto the ledge, and got to her feet as quickly as possible to avoid falling.
From here she could see everything happening below her. Ayden and Kane had ended their argument and split up to fend off the now doubled group of Combatants. Jade wouldn't fall into observation again, though, and chose a target that had been aiming at Tempest, and he would've succeeded in hitting her had Jade not hit him first with a small chunk of metal that had exited her gun. His fingers lost grip on his weapon and found new interest in the bloodied portion of his sleeve. He expressed his pain in nothing more than a wince.
Jade paid no more mind to him in fear that she would regain the guilt that had fled as soon as she stepped foot into headquarters. Emotions dulled themselves when fighting, something she'd figured out during the last riot, and something that scared her beyond being shot herself. She retained an ounce of fear and a pinch of anger, and that was all she needed to get through each situation that posed a threat. Any more or any less would tear her apart. Less feeling meant she wouldn't regret inflicting harm upon others and more feeling would keep her from moving forward.
She kept those thoughts in mind as she fired one bullet after the other, making sure to injure, not kill. Surely a few would die later on from blood loss, but she didn't linger on that fact for long. She couldn't. Ignoring the screams of innocents who were only trying to defend themselves and their safe haven was difficult but managed. She ignored the fact that they were only protecting themselves as well. It'll all catch up with me later. Jade let out a deep breath with the next shot. It'd better.