
"You're going to hurt worse if you don't break it down. I'm sure someone's heading up right now to force answers or something out of you." In a lower tone, she muttered, "Not sure what valuable knowledge they'd want from you though."
That sentence seemed to scare him more than the door, because he nodded and repeated to himself, "I'm gonna do it, I'll do it, and we'll get out of here, and no torture or anything from the big bad guys because ouch." He looked back at Jade, who began tapping her foot impatiently and gestured at the door.
It was obvious he wasn't going to move without support. So, she widened her eyes and pointed behind him. "They're right behind you, break the door down now!"
That's what made him move. He rushed forward and threw his entire body against the door and it broke off its hinges. He fell on top of the broken door, but scrambled to his feet and looked back at nothing but a grinning Jade, to his surprise. He gave a nervous chuckle. "See, I was gonna go at it anyway, but I see what ya did there."
Evan moved a few inches to the side to let her through, but what she saw behind him made her freeze in place. There, at the back of the new room, was a man strapped into a chair, hands bound behind the headboard and feet tied to the legs, with a thick strap of duct tape stuck to his mouth. Bruises and scratches covered his face, lined his bare arms. Dried spots of blood were scattered along his white t-shirt, which was torn in places. Dark circles adorned the man's eyes, two dark brown pools that Jade used to take pleasure in looking at. But now those eyes were long gone, replaced with just a speck of what used to be in them. She could see every ounce of pain that he'd been through. He'd been tossed around and broken physically, but she could tell that the mental battering had been much worse than any punch or bleeding wound he'd received. The man had been ripped apart internally, his mind shredded and left behind like confetti that was left behind for him to pick up. It was evident that he'd deemed putting the pieces back together pointless, and resorted to worsening his cause, until those shreds were nothing more than specks of dust just waiting for a strong gust to blow them away.
Jade was certain all the blood had drained from her face, and she could feel herself trembling at the image of what Jovian Everhart had become: nothing more than a walking bag of bones with a thin sheet of skin to keep the cold air from winding its way around his ribs and to his shriveled lungs. Evan noticed this and, curious, turned around and saw the same image she saw.
"Oh, Jesus, man! What happened to you?!" he asked. Ian gave no implication that he'd heard him though, and kept his weak, yet powerful gaze locked on Jade's. It was the saddest thing she'd seen thus far.
"Dude, we've gotta get you out of here," Evan said. Ian gave him no more than a fatigued glance. Jade gulped and nodded.
"Come on," she said, "I'll work on getting his hands free, you work on the legs."
She let Evan take the lead, too afraid of being the first to reach him after having abandoned him and leaving him open to whatever had happened for him to be taken. There was another dividing wall, on both sides this time. Jade almost favored the cramped space compared to being face to face with all that pain.
Once Evan was past the dividers, he rushed forward to begin freeing Ian. Jade kept her slow pace, refusing to look Ian in the eye and instead stared at the back of Evan's head. The blonde man reached Ian then, and leaned in close to say something that Jade couldn't make out. Just as she was exiting the safety of the narrow passage, her peripheral vision caught something glinting in the light.
Following the glint came a sound that made Jade's ears vibrate, almost painfully. But she didn't care for the sound one bit. The place Jade had been focusing on, the back of Evan's head, had a gaping hole right through the center. When the bullet had punctured his skull, Evan's head had jerked forward a bit, remained standing for all of two seconds, and collapsed in a heap on the floor. A puddle of red expanded around his head.