
"Jovian, sir? Would you like to see Ms. Maliks now?"
Ian twirled around and looked at them. "Take me to her!" he demanded. Wow, I sound like a jerk. "Uh...please?"
"Of course. Follow us." Their long legs quickly crossed the deck and Ian had to jog to catch up. He wasn't short or anything, it's just the fact that these guys were freakishly tall. They stopped at a set of stairs and they descended. After a decades worth of walking and dozens of flights of stairs, they stopped and began down a corridor. The men suddenly stopped and turned to face a large door. One of them pressed a button next to the door and a pass-code showed up. He punched in a set of numbers and the door opened with a whoosh. "Go ahead." He gestured to the open door.
"Is that where Jade is?" Ian asked. The man nodded and before he could say anything else, Ian was through that doorway in no time. It was yet another hallway, but he ran as fast as he could through it. His feet pounded against the wooden floorboards and as he ran he spread his arms out, with the fingers trailing along the white walls. Ian stared at the floor, wondering how much further he had to go until he saw Jade again.
His thoughts spread out in all directions as his head rammed straight into a door. Ian fell onto his back and shouted out of shock. "Ahh! Ow, ow, ow, what the hell is a door doing here?" He groaned and held his forehead. Another stupid move of mine. Ian stood up, muttering curse words under his breath as he did so. His free hand grasped the door handle and he squinted his eyes as the door flung open. Damn, my head hurts bad. Ian walked in with his eyes still clenched shut. Last time you weren't looking ahead of you, a door appeared and hit you. Next time a wire might decide to trip you, or a chair will push you.
Ian reluctantly opened his eyes. Apparently he had been walking straight for a wall. For once that nagging voice in his mind was helping him. He looked to his left, seeing only a glass wall. He walked over to it and rested his hands on it, trying to look through. There seemed to be another room right next to this one. Ian stepped back, looking at the rest of the glass that was taking up the whole wall.
His eyes saw a blurry figure sitting on a table through the glass. Behind them there was a man sitting in a chair at the table, with his hands resting atop of it. It wasn't from the other room though.
Ian turned around and saw none other than the person that had been occupying his thoughts since he had met her. She was covering her mouth, trying so hard not to burst into laughter. Ian rushed over, almost tripping about fifty times until he reached her, and engulfed her in a huge hug. She was finally here. In his arms, at this moment. Ian could feel her skin again, smell her hair again, listen to her voice again. She was safe, and she was his again.
Jade hugged Ian back, but without her hands to cover her mouth, she finally burst into laughter. "What's so funny?" Ian asked, smiling down at her.
"You ran into the door and I heard everything you said afterwards." Jade let out another round of laughter, and Ian chuckled along with her.
"Pardon my interruption. You're Jovian Everhart, correct?" the man at the desk asked. Ian tugged Jade over to his side so that they were both facing the man, with Ian's arm around her shoulder.