
"Yes."
"Mhm. So, I clicked on your picture and it showed me everything that the world knew about you. Or, more accurately, what was allowed to be mentioned to the world. Do you still have the scars?" That last question took Jade aback. Does he mean from the accident?
"You'll have to be more specific. I have alot and still counting," she said, being careful with what she let slip out.
"Y'know. From the car accident." I knew it.
"Uh...maybe..." Jade looked away from him and at a black wall. When will this hall end?
"Can I see?" he asked. This guy just keeps surprising me.
"No." They were on her thighs and stomach. Jade didn't want to end up stripping for him. Maybe that's why he wants to see. Hmph.
"I know what you're thinking, and no, it's not for what you think it is. There's just...uh...never mind. I can't say." He looked away and brushed past her, leading the way.
"Tell me," Jade pushed. Now I'm the one getting curious.
"Maybe some other time. First we need to get out of here. There's probably a helicopter on here somewhere, we need to get to the deck." They finally made it to the bottom of the stairs. "By the way..." He reached his hand behind his back and pulled out a silver gun. "I found it in Fi-...and old friend's pocket. He worked for the Boss." He handed the gun to Jade. "You'll need it."
Jade nodded and the two began trekking up the stairs. Will I have to shoot someone? I can't do that...stabbing someone was one thing, I wasn't straight up killing him, but this? Panic started flowing in her veins the deeper she thought about it.
Ayden made them stop and he looked at Jade. "You'll be fine. Remember what I told you?" Jade thought back to the boat incident and nodded. No hesitation. "Good. Let's go."
They charged out of the safety of the staircase. Just as Jade thought there would be, there were dozens of sailors waiting on deck. A few saw them instantly and started shouting at the other ones. Soon all eyes were on the duo. Ayden and Jade stood back to back, she had her gun raised and aiming into the crowd while he had his knife pointed at them. I bet we look so badass right now.
Ayden's voice boomed out, sounding confident and demanding. "We need to get to the helicopter. Point to it, and no one will get hurt." Several of them stood there doing nothing, but a few pointed to the other side of the ship. Jade heard mutters throughout the crowd, all of them something similar to, "Is that Ayden?"
"Uh, thanks..." Jade said awkwardly to the crowd. I'm not sure whether or not to be nice. I mean, if I were being held at gunpoint, kindness would make me want to help more, right? Then again, that's just my nature. These people were the kind that didn't care for politeness, their eyes were unforgiving. "But, uh, you didn't have a choice. So don't think I'm being a...a...a sugarcoater? Yeah, we'll go with that. Don't think I'm a sugarcoater!".
"Jade?" Ayden whispered.