
"Guys, guys come take a look at this!" Jade waved her hand, gesturing for them to come. At first they were skeptical, hesitating at the edge of the cliff. "Grow some balls! Yes, even you Lea!" That made them move. Jade pointed at the slope, telling them that that was the way out.
"Go before me. I'll hold them off," Brad declared.
Jade let out an exasperated sigh. "No, I said go down and I mean go down when I say that. Now go!" Don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to be rude. But the only way these sissy-nittys are going down that thing is to hold a place of leadership and show that I have this handled.
"We'll wait once we get down there. We never leave a soldier behind." And with that, the team was gone.
Jade scanned the distance for something . . . just something that could get them all out of there safe and alive. They couldn't keep running forever, they needed an escape. A shine in the distance caught her eye just a couple miles away hovering a little too close to the ground, perhaps looking for them. I know what that shine is coming from. Jade turned around and saw that the mob was finally approaching the bottom of the hill. Jade faced the cliff-slide, whining. "Now or never." Before she could give herself any second thoughts, she plopped down and pushed, sending herself bouncing around the chute. Her foot was ahead of any other limb as she made the descent down, and pieces of ground flew up around her like water would if she were surfing.
Eventually she rolled into the thick grass that waited at the bottom. It was tall enough for her to hide in, and the camouflage clothing helped ten times more. Jade dared lifting her head up a few inches off the ground just for a moment to see how close the mob was. They were just now getting to the top of the cliff and their heads swung back and forth, scanning the landscape for the soon-to-be captives. They can't find us.
Jade risked crouching so that she could make distance easier; she was pretty well hidden anyways. But you never know who may be looking and when. It was too easy for her to see her team and that didn't do much to ease her worries. Looking back and forth before moving, she continued at a half-jog half-crouch the rest of the way to them. The grass swished against her, tickling her face and arms.
"I told you we would wait," Rick said with a smirk. That smirk faded almost as soon as it had appeared. He pointed behind Jade with a mask of horror on his face. The mob was sliding down the hill like rockets, and the ones that had already made it down to the field were running full speed at the team, their guns out and ready to shoot at any given time.
Jade knew that they had already been spotted, deciding that they might as well stand up straight while they ran. "Follow me, now!" she yelled.
We have to do this right. If not, we're all goners. Each of them ran full speed, thinking the exact same thing. "Do you guys . . . see the . . .heli . . .copter?" Jade asked, taking deep breaths between her words.
"Over there everyone! C'mon, almost there, we can do this!" Brad shouted.
Soon enough the team stood below the flying contraption, waving their arms and shouting at the people from above. A bundle of something was stuck out of the window before unravelling; a ladder. Lea jumped up, grabbing at the first rung and pulling herself up, beginning to climb. So that's why we needed to do pull-ups in gym class. The others followed suit, next being Rick and then Brad.
Jade pulled out her gun, aiming it at the incoming mob. They're so close to us. . .and I can't do a pull-up. . .