
Boss' lips tightened in a straight line, and his brows furrowed above the rims of his aviators. "Very well. We'll see what happens when we get there. There's one more thing I have to say. News on Sixtine."
Finn let out an exasperated sigh and rolled his eyes, drumming his fingers on the desk. "What about her?"
"Her death has been confirmed. All the witnesses said the same thing. I'd like to apologize for your loss, and--"
"Apologize? Why are you apologizing? I don't care about Sixtine. She was just a prostitute I found to do the dirty work. Sure, I may have acted a little too much, made it seem like I actually had feelings. But in the end, she was just a naive girl, willing to sell herself to me," he explained. "Pft, I bet Jade's willing to do the same with Ayden. That idiot." I still have the bruise on my head from her stupid frying pan.
"You seem quite jealous of that Jade girl. Perhaps you feel she replaced you?"
"I am not jealous!" he shouted, slamming his clenched fist on the desk again, this time making the cup teeter back and forth. "I just want her dead, I want both of them dead! Don't you feel like he committed treason against you too?"
"Of course I do. I just don't wallow in that idea in my every waking second like you. Ayden would've never acted this way if it were the other way around, and you were the one to leave. It's a shame he did, really. If he were still with us, this war might've already been won."
"Shut up, old man!" Finn grasped the cup in his hands, squeezing it, imagining it was Boss' head.
"You will not speak to me like that, young man. Like I said before, I am your boss, and you will treat me with respect. Ayden always treated everyone with respect. You are a much lower replacement for him, and that is a fact. Sometimes I wonder what it'd be like if you were the double-crosser, and I know that your group would've already been disposed of. He's a smart one, ten times more than your rash self."
Something inside of Finn snapped. Sure, he had snapped before, but this was something entirely different. It was a new kind of rage, a new level of anger and hurt that he thought could only be reached by the insane. Without a second thought, he jerked the cup forward, sending the burning liquid right at Boss' face. He groaned and hissed in pain, wiping at his face with his sleeves.
"What the hell, Mr. Oyel? You should be lucky I don't just fire you right now!"
Finn's anger was so extreme that he was acting calmer than usual. His legs moved towards the large glass window taking up a wall of his office, making slow, deliberate steps. When he reached it, he stared out at the expanse of city below him. They were several stories up, able to see plenty far past the buildings surrounding this one. He craned his neck to the side of the window to find exactly what he was looking for. His fingers wrapped around the cord and he pulled, bringing down black blinds. The room became significantly darker, only a few fluorescent bulbs lighting the place.
Finn whirled around on his heels so that he faced Boss. With an emotionless expression, he said, "That's where you're wrong. You can't fire me, because you are not my boss anymore. I'm your boss."
"What are you blabbering on about? That's absurd, now quit the bull before I get really angry."
"It may be absurd, but it's the truth." Finn approached Boss, cup still in hand. "And because I am your boss, I can tell you what to do." He raised the hand holding the mug, fingers wrapped around the handle. "I want you to die."