
"Another way it could be avoided is if you'd let Ian go!" Jade's mind was all over the place, bouncing everything back and forth but only remaining on the fact that Ian was there and needed to get out.
"Yeah, I suppose, but that is not going to happen." Finn took several extra steps closer, and moved a finger over to the trigger. "It's evident that you won't comply, so I'll just have to go ahead and dispose of you myself. Ayden will just love this."
Just as he was preparing to squeeze the trigger, a figure dashed out from behind the opposing divider and slammed into Finn. The gun went off, the bullet ricocheting off the corner of an object and hitting one of the fluorescent lights implanted in the ceiling. It erupted in a burst of sparks that rained down on the struggling pair on the floor.
Finn was on the bottom, trying to wriggle out from under the figure. It resembled a shadow, for the person was dressed entirely in black. Jade waited for the person to turn their head her way, but when they did, all she saw was more black. A mask. A black hockey mask. She'd seen that before. River.
River kept his head turned in her direction for a short moment, then gestured to an object on the floor: Finn's gun. Jade deciphered that movement as "hey, pick it up already." She lurched for the pistol and took it up in her hands, tossing her empty one at River who caught it easily. He then began battering the man beneath him with the butt of the gun. Jade's mind was swirling with questions. What's River doing here? Where has he been? How did he get up here? Why is he helping me? Those questions would have to wait. Ian was the top priority.
Jade rushed over to Ian, who was watching the struggle on the floor in wonder. As soon as she arrived in front of him he moved that wonder over to her. Okay, first things first, she thought. She grabbed ahold of the upper corner of the duct tape and yanked as hard as she could. Tossing it to the side, she grabbed the sides of Ian's face. He was moving his jaw around, trying to get used to freedom of speech once more. When he did speak, it came out hoarse. "How did...?" He paused, coughed, and started again. "How did you get here?"
"I'll answer everything later. Just hang in there." She placed a kiss on his forehead and moved behind the chair. "Hey River, have a knife?" Something metallic slid across the floor and landed by her knee. Jade picked it up and got to work on the ropes. Ian's wrists were red, rubbed raw from the chafing of the rough ropes. She tried to be careful as she sawed through, back and forth, back and forth, until his hands were free. He brought them up to his face at once, staring at them as if he feared he would never be able to see them again. Then Jade worked on one leg, and when that was done, the other, until he was completely freed of any restrictions.
"Can you stand?" she asked him. He gave a weak shrug and tried pushing himself to a standing position. He would've fallen flat on his face had Jade not been there to catch him. She wrapped his arm around her shoulder to support him and began walking to the exit. River stood up as well, giving Finn a good kick to the side in the process. He grunted, meaning he wasn't dead, but there was no way he was getting up any time soon if ever again.
"You done?" Jade asked. River gave the thumbs up sign. "That's good. We've got to get out of here now."
"No duh, Sherlock," Ian croaked out. River saw that Jade was having issues keeping Ian up and moved to his other side so that there were now two people supporting his weight. If need be, they could drag him out of there.
As they walked down the still-deserted hall, Jade became more than wary of the weight of a single domino in her pocket. She had left the other one at the hideout, not knowing that she'd come across both of those she planned to give one to. One was brought for Ian, though. He stumbled along with them, nearly tripping more than once, and coughing as they went. His skin was like a hot plate against her own, yet he shivered.