
She finally opened her eyes. That dark green was staring right back at him, shifting around Ayden's thoughts and feelings and mixing them all up, making him more confused than ever. What do I admire most about you? There's alot, but to pinpoint just one thing . . .
"Thank you." Jade grabbed ahold of his hand and moved it away from her face. He meant to let go after that, but he couldn't. He felt physically unable. The only thing he could do was stare into those deep green pools and grasp onto her hand as if it were a lifeline.
There was a point where Ayden remembered where they were and what had to be done. Reluctantly, he stood up, pulling Jade up as well. "We should get to the top deck, I bet that's where everyone went," he thought aloud. Jade nodded and they took off down yet another corridor. When will we be able to stop and just take a minute to breathe? Their feet made little splashes and squishes along the carpeted floors as they moved.
Ayden felt a slight tug on his arm and turned to face Jade again. She said nothing, but simply let go of his arm and moved towards an open doorway. He followed her and peered through it, seeing that it led to another hallway. He gave her a questioning look, and she explained. "Maybe it's a shortcut to the deck?"
"Maybe. Let's check." Ayden led the way through the new-found hall with Jade basically glued to his arm. She was probably really shaken up from the whole elevator thing. He still had no idea what had caused her to break down like that. I'll ask when we get out of here. For now, we actually need to work on getting out.
The door at the end of the hall was made of metal, and had a simple silver handle attached to it. Other than that it was pretty plain and dull. Jade took ahold of the bar-like handle and slowly pulled it open. Unlike many of the cabin doors, that one didn't creak or even make a single sound. It would be too easy to sneak in if it was some off-limits place.
Jade squeezed through the small space between the doorframe and the actual door, disappearing beyond it. Ayden followed suit, pushing the door open a just a little more to get through. He quietly closed it behind him, being careful not to make any loud sounds. If we're not supposed to be in here, I wonder if they'll mind? Considering how we're running from a mad-man. . .
The dark colors of the room are what he noticed first. A mix between gray and black coated the walls, a slightly lighter color coated the ceiling, and a flat, hard, blackness covered the floor. There were rectangular shaped fluorescent lights hanging from the ceiling, making the floors appear glossy. The floors weren't the only thing lustrous in the room. A mass of glass took up an entire wall, burnished by the glare of the lights. It was the only thing making the box-shaped room look unique, and it certainly brought attention away from the dullness of the walls.
Ayden stepped up to it and placed a moist hand on the glass. The closer he looked, he noticed that there was some sort of room on the other side. The glare of the lights kept him from seeing much. Curiosity spurred his actions and, leaning closer to the glass and shielding the light from his eyes, Ayden looked through. The room on the opposing side of this one looked like an exact replica, even matching the furniture in the room. He squinted, trying to find a defect in the replica. Ayden found what he was looking for. There was one thing amiss in that room, and it was the man standing behind the mahogany desk, aiming a gun at the glass.
He registered it slowly. Just as it got through his thick head, he jumped back and stared at Finn to see what he would do next. The man smirked through the glass at Ayden before moving the gun more to the right of him and firing away. The bullet made impact with the glass, making a rippling effect as it broke through. Ayden turned around and shielded his head with his arms, crouching and cowering as the broken pieces showered him. The sound of shattering rang throughout the room and he winced. I hate that sound. Ever since that kidnapping. He clenched his teeth, grinding the top and bottom together. Ayden didn't care if it wasn't good for them, it was the only thing keeping him from screaming out in agony at the noise.