
PART ONE: THE BONEYARD


*************************
"Hey. Hey. Hey. Pay attention to me, waffle-cone chick!"
"No."
"But why?"
"Because you just had two and a half ice cream cones, and I'm fully aware of how you get when you've had a large intake of sugar. Plus, you have the worst timing when it comes to you visiting me at work."
The man threw his head back and whined, acting more like a seven year old child than an adult of nineteen years. However, Jade would let the behavior slide this time. Having known him since high school, she had gotten used to his random antics, especially when sugary delights were involved.
She placed her dark elbows on the glass counter she stood behind. To her left were a few waffle-cones delicately stacked on top of each other, thanks to her handiwork. Her gaze fell down and she looked through the glass, eyeing the frozen delicacies that made Ian act this way. Unlike him, she wasn't permitted to leave, unless she was aiming to get fired. That's right: Jade worked here, surrounded by delicious treats that she wasn't allowed to have. On the bright side, at least she got a discount when she wasn't clocked in. Unfortunately, Ian also got the "Happy-Go-Lucky Friends and Family Discount," which he took advantage of to an extreme. She sighed, and daydreamed about starting college. Maybe then I'll be able to get a job not as boring as being...waffle-cone chick.
Her plan was to work here to pay for the apartment rent and bills and the like, with the help of Ian. She had been pleading for scholarship money for the past few months since her high school education had ended, since she couldn't afford to pay to go to college herself. Sure, her parents had cash spilling out of their pockets, but Jade wasn't the type to take the easy way out. She wanted to earn her way into a good college, something her family respected.
Things were actually looking bright. A group of her old teachers had been getting together and sending recommendations stating how "wonderful of a student she is," and adding that fact that she had "never missed a single assignment." Oh, don't forget her "perfect attendance record." They were all lies, but not complete lies. The truth was twisted, but there was still truth. At least, that's what one stout woman had told her after having jotted down "friendly to everyone she works with."
"I want another one!" Ian shrilled. "Take my money and give me a vanilla one with caramel syrup!" Jade narrowed her eyes at the man and he avoided her gaze by staring at his feet sheepishly. "Please?"
"That's more like it." Jade removed her arms from the counter and plucked one of the cones from its place. She whirled around and whistled, and in a matter of seconds someone from the back took it from her and disappeared to the back room again. Turning back around, she was met with a sight that forced her to clamp a hand over her mouth to keep from laughing and disrupting the quiet couple in the back enjoying their sundae. Ian had removed a few dollars from his pocket and was now rubbing them against his cheeks, eyes closed and tongue stuck out. What the...
"Jade! Watch this!" Ian opened his eyes and placed all the money in one hand.
She sighed and rolled her eyes. "I'm watching."
"Okay, get ready to have your mind blown." He straightened his posture and extended the hand with the dollars away from his body. Clearing his throat and making sure Jade was staying true to her word, he moved his free hand over to the full one. "Make it rain, baby!" Dollars flew from his hand and fluttered down to the counter in front of Jade. She was not amused. Well, she was, but she didn't want him to know that.