
A/N: Finally rewrote this after procrastinating for months. Again. For those of you who may have reread this, the whole beginning has changed and several parts have  been (and will be)c ut. So, yeah. Enjoy.
*******
"Wakey, wakey!"
"Yo, I got pancakes!"
"Oh my god, Ryan Gosling is in our house!"
"Alex from Target is bagging our groceries?" Ian growled when he didn't get a response. He had been shouting several random things trying to wake Jade up, but to no avail. Time to take a different approach.
He snatched up a pillow next to her head and flung it down on her face, causing her long black hair to fly into the air and gently cover her eyes. She still didn't budge. Ian let out an exasperated sigh and headed to the kitchen, grabbed a large bowl, filled it up with freezing water from the tap, and waltzed back to the bedroom. A childish grin stretched across his face as he lifted the bowl above Jade's head and turned it upside down.
Jade snapped to a sitting position and shrieked; at first it was out of shock, but when she saw Ian keeled over, laughing at the water dripping off her face and the ends of her hair, it became a shriek of anger. "I will get you for this!" she shouted.
"Sure you will," Ian said, still chuckling at his work.
When Jade finally stopped yelling at him and trudged away to fix herself up, Ian went to the kitchen, a small back-pack slung over his shoulder. He took his time filling it up with snacks, water, and a first aid kit. You can never be too careful in this day and age.
His girlfriend eventually exited the bathroom and met up with him in the kitchen. "What are you planning?" she asked. Her eyes fell on the bag. "Another hike?"
"Yes, siree. A new, special trail today, one you've never been to. It's real close to the capitol." Ian picked up the bag and slipped it on over his shoulders.
Jade rolled her eyes. "All your 'special' trails are the same."
"Not this one. I promise you. Now, let's get moving!" Ian punched the air enthusiastically and dashed out the door.
***
"It looks the same."
"That's because we're only at the beginning," Ian said, "All of 'em look the same at first. Onwards!" He took off at a heavy jog into the wooded area, his feet kicking up dusty dirt as they slammed against the ground. Jade was far behind. "You need to pick up the speed, slow-poke!"
She ignored him. As he ran, Ian took in the familiar sights. All around he was immersed in a world of brown and fading green, the smell of dying leaves filling his nostrils. Brown giants spread their hundreds of orangey-green arms to let in rays of sunlight at intervals. Where the light was hidden, shadows took form in the shape of dark blobs that spotted the pebbly trail his feet pounded on. Occasionally other shadows would scurry in front of the dark blobs, followed by leaves falling along the ground.
Air left him quick and he was forced to pause to catch his breath. Not a moment did Jade waste in passing him, still at her calm pace. "You need to pace yourself," she said.
Even as the trail got steeper and steeper she moved with ease. Ian struggled to catch up. They were almost at the trail's climax, and that knowledge sent excitement and adrenaline through Ian's legs. He bolted forward with the last of his strength and eventually moved side by side with Jade. Despite his lack of breath, he succeeded in his classier version of "I-Told-You-So."
"Remember when you said all trails were the same?" he gasped out. Jade nodded. "Well, I brought you here to prove you wrong."