
"Why is it like that?"
"When a bullet hits a target, sometimes they tumble or change shape--keep unpacking that irrigation syringe--and when they exit, if they exit, it'll be a mess. I assume there's a few fragments left in there...."
Jade eyed the tweezers with dread. "Will I need to pull those out?"
"Fragments? Nah." He waved her question away with the towel. "The tissue will usually heal around those. They won't do much damage after all is said and done."
"And what do I do with this?" she held up an object that looked like it were for giving shots but without a needle.
"If it's the irrigation syringe put it in the bowl and fill it with water."
She did as he said and sat on the cot next to him with it in hand. "Now what?"
"Insert it and press the plunger."
"Won't that hurt?"
"Doesn't matter if it'll hurt, it needs to be done," he said. Jade looked at his head; his neck looked less tense and it was turned slightly more towards her. Not enough for her to catch his features, but enough to know that he seemed to be relaxing, if only a little. So, she placed the item near his open wound, and squeezed.
"Mother freaking shit!" Kane jumped up and shook his arm, a pained expression on his face.
His face.
Kane's face was half beautiful, half destroyed. His features were sharp and defined, and on the former, not a blemish or mark was to be seen on his smooth, fair skin. But on the latter, red, distorted lines crisscrossed and curved and winded along his face, save for his mouth and nose area. In between each warped line there was an imprint, and spreading out of those imprints was a blood-red, almost black color. The wicked scars surrounded his left eye and took up most of his forehead and cheek, and where they ended they left a gradually decreasing line until there was nothing but a few soft red lines.
Jade couldn't help but stare in wild fascination. What happened to him to do that to his face?
Kane waited until the pain diminished to open his eyes, one bright circle of blue and one almost entirely white. They gazed at the floor at first, then shot up to meet Jade's. He immediately brought his hands up to his face to cover the majority of what she had already seen. This explains the hood, Jade thought, and I can see why he's tried to hide it.
"What happened?" she asked. The words had burst out of their own accord.
"None of your damn business, that's what happened." Kane backed up until he was sitting on the cot again, hands still concealing his features and shoulders slumped in shame.
Jade pulled his right hand away from his face and examined the wound, not his face. "I'm guessing it hurt," she said.
"If you mean the syringe, it was just the pressure. Painful. If you meant my face..." he trailed off.
"I meant the syringe, don't worry. Do I keep doing it?" She held the tube in front of his face and he stared at it with his one exposed eye. Then he looked at her.
"Just a few more times." He stared straight ahead. "Then you'll need to pack it with gauze and cover it."
"No stitching?" Jade asked, relieved.
"No, God no. I wouldn't trust you with a needle anyway."
Jade pressed her lips in a straight line and pressed the plunger into his arm. He flinched, more from the pressure than anything else. She did this twice more until he told her to stop and pack the hole with gauze. He explained how this would keep it from bleeding further, and how it would need to be replaced every so often, just like bandaging. However, Jade took too long in growing enough balls to do so, so Kane took it into his own hands and packed it himself. In order for that to work, he had to take his hand off his other eye.