
A/N: I think I'm going to be putting the majority of these at the beginning of chapters now. I apologize for the long length, but there wasn't really a place I could break it up into pieces. And a little extra thing (maybe to enhance your reading, if you're anything like me), turn on the music on the side when you get to the uh...badass parts. (It's called Gold - Imagine Dragons) I feel it really fits the person who "shows up." [Insert winky face here]
--------------------------------------------------
"Hey, Jade. Wake up. We're there. Well, almost there." Jade cracked her eyes open, thankful that there were no bright lights shining in her eyes. The night was still dark and the only light came from a lamp post just above the car. She rubbed her eyes and turned to face Ayden.
"How long was I asleep?"
Ayden let out a nervous laugh. "About an hour. It's around four in the morning as of now." Jade narrowed her eyes at him and he held his hands up in defense. "Hey, you were out like a light. Even if I was going to wake you up, I'd need a bucket of ice water and maybe a flamethrower."
"Where are we?" This place looks sketchy. He said we were here?
"At the beginning. I'm going to hide the car in this alley right here." He put the car in drive and began slowly inching into a wide crevice made from two buildings, and as they crept forward, he continued explaining. "And then we'll get out and start heading towards the base we've set up around here. To be more specific about the whereabouts, we're in D.C."
"But you said I was only out for an hour. How did we get here this fast?"
"Let's just say by means that weren't entirely legal. But the roads were pretty much deserted so it's all good. Now," he said, shutting off the engine, "we can't open the doors without scratching this beauty, so climb out through the sun-roof."He pressed a button on the roof of the car, and a portion began retracting until there was nothing but a square hole in the middle. "Me first." Ayden jumped from his spot and stuck his head through the opening, then his shoulders and torso, and lastly his feet. "Your turn!" he called down.
This isn't what I expected to be doing on the first day, but oh well. She tossed her bag through the opening and pulled herself through, sitting on top of the car along with Ayden. He picked up the bag and shook it, eyeing it with curious eyes. "So, do you have all your clothing and stuff in here?" Jade nodded. "Like...the unmentionables?" Jade nodded again, this time looking at him suspiciously. Ayden grinned and grabbed the zipper, opening it with wide eyes.
"Hey! Give it back!"
"Nah, I'd rather not." He turned his back to her and stuck an arm in, searching through her things with greedy fingers.
"But you will!" Jade threw all of her weight at him, knocking him onto his stomach. She reached her arms around in an attempt to pull the bag out from under him. Just when she thought she had it, Ayden rolled over, and he sat up while sitting on her, holding the bag out in front of him teasingly. "Get off!"
"Again, I'll pass," he said while shuffling through her things again. When he pulled his hand out it contained a scrap of paper. "What's this?" He squinted at it. "You and Ian?"
"Give me that." Jade reached out and snatched it from his fingers and gave it a once-over, her eyes drooping a little. "Yup, now put it back in the bag."
Ayden took it from her fingers and placed it back inside the bag. Hesitating, he zipped it to a close. "Look, I'm sorry about making you do that to Ian. But it just had to be done. How did you end up on the ice anyway? Was it his fault? Did he hurt you?"