
"Jade what?"
"Jade Maliks." She looked down at her bleeding leg. "And I came from America."
"Good, you're cooperating. Oliver, go to the infirmary and get that sanitizer stuff. I can't recall the name of it . . . wait. You know what I'm talking about, now go." One of the men holding a clipboard placed it down and left the room. "Now. Where were we?"
"Questions," she answered, still looking down. I'm such a coward. I'm going to die here anyways. Why hold it off?
"Right. Ready for the next one?" Jade noticed that he was starting to act more gentle towards her. Maybe because I answered? She nodded in response, still looking down. "Who do you work for?"
"Myself. I came here for my own good, on my own terms." That had some sort of truth in it, but Jade was afraid it wasn't the answer he was looking for.
"Not good enough." The man moved his arm and she clenched her eyes shut. The warm liquid was the first thing she felt slipping down her arm before she felt the pain, but when it finally "activated," she screamed her lungs out.
"Burn in a ditch!" Jade screamed. The pain was overwhelming. It was as if her arm had just caught fire, a flame caused by a meteorite taking a chunk out of her limb. "Make it stop so I can come gouge your damn eyes out!"
"Maybe some other time, sweetheart." He stood up just as the door opened and the man Jade guessed was Oliver walked in, brown bottle in hand. Oliver walked over to the man and handed him the bottle before walking over to the chair, standing a few feet behind her.
"Here we go, a reward for you answering truthfully earlier," the man said, popping the lid off and flicking it at Jade's forehead. He walked over to her and held it above her bleeding leg. "How much should we use? Oh, I know!" The bottle tipped over completely upside down and the contents flowed out, immediately seeping into the cut in Jade's leg. A burning sensation overcame that portion of her body as soon as it hit the open skin and she began screaming louder than she had ever screamed in her short time of existing.
The pain was excruciating and all Jade wanted to do was jump into a tub of freezing ice water, or the algid waters of the sea. "Get it off!" It was as if there was an invisible, vicious animal eating away at her limb, or ten of those knifes twisting around in the flesh. It went on for a few more minutes, but died away painstakingly slow. Soon the pain had diminished entirely. Well, the fire-like pain, anyways.
"That wasn't so bad now, was it?" The man smirked. "Now, answer this one honestly and we'll bandage that up."
"Let me ask a question. How did that sanitizer help me whatsoever? It only hurt me. If my rewards are anything like that, I won't answer a single question for you. And I know that you would just despise that, wouldn't you?" Jade said.
"It dissolved the blood that had already exited your body. It will protect you from infection in your leg. And if you haven't noticed, the bleeding has stopped," he explained. Jade looked down at her leg and sure enough, all traces of blood had disappeared, and no more was coming out. Something like this exists? We could use this in our hospitals, it could save so many lives . . . "Now, onto my next question. I certainly hope you can answer this one. Who blew up our ammunition warehouse? And I want names. Full names, and anything else you know about them. And trust me." He leaned in closer to Jade's face. "I'll know if you're lying."