
Breathing heavily, Ayden responded. "Well then. First of all, that information wouldn't stick with me this long anyways. Second of all, ew."  Half of that's a lie. Hint, "ew" is the perfect way to describe what he just did to my face. If I ever do get out of here, it'll take a while to rub all of this dried blood off.
"You seem too optimistic at a time like this. Why?" Finn cocked his head.
"It's because I still have some unfinished business. And you know how I never leave something undone. Plus, I promised myself years ago that I would never die at the filthy hands of someone without a purpose. You also know how I don't break my promises." The claw punctured his skin yet again in the same spot, except this time it was dragged down, tearing the once untarnished skin as blood splattered and drained from Ayden's arm. More agonizing screams escaped his mouth, with vulgarities mixed in.
"This one's getting boring. Onto the next one," Finn said, yanking the claw out of Ayden's arm and turning around to pick a new "toy" to play with. Ayden bared his teeth and took this as a chance to cut the ropes. His hand began sawing at the thick material as he kept his eyes glued on Finn's back. Once I'm out, he'll get what's comin' to him. I'm not going down without a fight. Finn was humming a familiar tune, and Ayden listened intently trying to figure it out while the knife knawed at the rope. Soon enough, he began singing the words and memories of Ayden's old nanny singing it flowed into his head. Every time Finn completed a line the the song, Ayden cut through a strand of the rope.
"All around the mulberry bush the monkey chased the weasel." So much rope still left... "The monkey thought t'was all in fun, pop goes the weasel." As he continued singing through the verses it felt like there was an eerie tint to his voice. I mean, he's singing a children's song while combing through dozens of torturous tools. And to top it all off, my own blood is soaking his hands while he's doing it! What's not creepy about that? Thanks for ruining my childhood, sir.
As he finished singing it for the third time, Ayden was halfway through the rope. Come on...sing it one more time and maybe I'll make it...
"All 'round the mulberry bush..." Yes! He continued sliding the blade back and forth across the rope strands.
Back, and forth. Back, and forth. Back, and forth. The frayed parts brushed his hands as he worked vigorously at freeing himself. Almost there! "The monkey chased the weasel."
The ropes slipped off Ayden's hands and he was finally able to move them again. He stretched his legs as he stood up, taking his time as he came nearer to the oblivious Finn. "The monkey thought t'was all in fun..."
"Pop goes the weasel," Ayden finished for him, sending the blade right into his back. It dug deep into his skin and he twisted it while listening to his screams of agony. His free hand swiped past Finn's side and he grabbed the claw that had been used earlier. His fingers curled around the handle and he slashed at Finn's arms. Ayden stopped long enough for him to back away as the rebel snatched up a pair of handcuffs that were conveniently on the cart as well. This guy must be into the whole kinky thing. Ayden began chuckling slightly at that little thought. Anyone walking by would've thought he was a mad-man.
Ironically, Finn ended up backing up until he tripped over the rope that had previously been binding Ayden's hands, and he collapsed into the chair. Ayden made his move and before Finn could even blink, his hands were fastened together behind the chair. He began shouting for help and Ayden snatched up a nearby roll of duct tape, silencing his calls for help.
"You're much more likeable when you're not flapping those gums of yours," he said, smirking. Finnian tried talking back but only ended up making muffled noises. "Now, where should I put this down?" Ayden looked down at the claw that was still in his hand. "Hmm...maybe...here?" It ended up protruding from the interrogator's left shoulder, the same side that had been slashed and practically torn apart on Ayden.