
Her gaze fell on the window again. It was translucent, allowing her to see slightly defined blobs passing by. One blob in particular, however, stopped right in front of the window. It looked like it was looking back and forth unsurely before facing the door. Once she realized it could also see them as blobs too, and was probably looking at them right now, Jade grabbed Ayden's arm in a flurry and yanked him over to one of the counters centered in the room. They ducked behind it, listening intently to the sound of a door opening and footsteps clicking against the linoleum.
"I know you're in here. It'll be easier for both of us if you would just come out," Finn said. It sounded like he was circulating the room, checking behind the other counters and even going as far as opening the smallest of cabinets, trying to find them.
As he kept getting nearer to the hiding place, Jade looked around for some sort of escape. When she found none except a separate door on the other side of the kitchen, she switched to looking for something to use as a defense. She had abandoned the railing rod back in the ceremonial room, so now she was left defenseless. Jade considered checking some of the drawers in the counters, but decided against it, not wanting to make any noise.
Her scan of the room ended abruptly when the footsteps stopped on the other side of the counter she was hiding behind. Finn must've already checked everywhere else on the other side of the room and was now making his way through that half. In a last minute attempt to find at least something to use against him, Jade jumped to her feet like a kangaroo and dashed over to a tall metallic cart filled to the brim with long loafs of french bread.
Finn fished the gun out of his pants as Jade gripped the edges of the cart. It extended well above her head, and one of the shelves holding the fluffy loafs was level with her neckline. As Finn took his place on the other side of the cart and aimed his pistol at her, she completely regretted the decision. He cocked the gun and pulled the trigger. Much to Jade's relief, nothing came out. He tried firing several more times before realizing that nothing was going to happen.
"What the hell!" Finn yelled. He threw the gun into the air and Jade watched as it landed in the pot of water on the stove with a splash. A hissing sound emanated from that direction as the water droplets landed on the searing hot surface of the hot plates. When he looked back at her, Jade had picked up two of the elongated loaves of bread, tossing one of them over to the still seated Ayden and holding the other in front of herself in a protective stance.
"What do you think you're going to do with those? Beat me into a sub-sandwich?" Finn asked, laughing at his own terrible attempt at making a joke.
"Well, what will you do against us?" Jade taunted. It may not be the best, but it's something.
His smile faded from his face as he looked down. After a moment of the same thoughtful facial expression, he looked up and snatched a loaf off of the cart for himself. "Exactly," Jade added afterwards.
Finn was quick to push the cart to the side, and since it was on wheels, it was a quick maneuver. He rushed towards Jade first, swinging his bread frantically through the air. She held hers up as well, blocking his own bread from hitting her square in the face.
Ayden finally seemed to come to his senses, because out of the corner of her eye Jade saw him pulling himself to his feet. He carefully sneaked up behind Finn, a slight smile creeping onto his face as he raised the bread above his head as one would do to slam a sledgehammer down. To keep Finn from looking back, Jade let her loaf simply fall to the floor, receiving a very odd look from him.