
Ian was one-hundred percent certain that he had lost weight since Jade left. He couldn't stomach anything without knowing she was okay. He had forced himself to eat a few times though, telling himself to eat just enough to keep himself alive before she got back. Then everything will go back to normal and we'll be fine.
He couldn't wait until she was 'supposed' to come home. One week. One long, endless, miserable week. Ian had been told she had been sent out somewhere and they were supposed to be done in a few days. He was still confused because she had only been gone a few weeks. Maybe she's doing something top secret? The military does that, right?
Ian was also always looking at that picture that Jade had stuck in his pocket the day she left. It would be easier to just glue it to his face, so he wouldn't have to take his eyes off of it ever again. But no matter how much he looked at it, it never brought her back, it never gave him the warmth she emitted, it never brought that beautiful face back home.
Most days he usually spent inside, moping about. But today was different. Ian felt something spark, the first sign of gaining himself back since she left. He knew that a complete recovery wouldn't go through while she was gone, in fact, this was probably as far as joy would take him. I'm running low on food anyways.
Ian got ready alone today. He ate breakfast alone today. He lived alone today. Just like all the other days. He eventually pulled on a pair of shoes and grabbed a random hoodie that was laying by the door. I need out. Fresh air, yes, fresh air will be good.
Since Ian had nothing but depressing atmosphere in the apartment, it felt nice to enter a depressing atmosphere elsewhere. New places, same feeling. It was quiet and chilling most of the time ever since the disease and attacks took place, but things were slowly but surely returning to normal, to how they had been. Except Jade isn't here.
Cars actually hummed by, people were out for a jog, little kids played around the neighborhood. This must have been happening for a while, but Ian had neglected to notice, his thoughts consumed with Jade.
The sidewalks had been redone, making them wider and smoother to walk on. Shops and stores had been repainted on the outside, making them brighter and much cheerier since Ian had last seen them. If only it made me feel like that on the inside. He shook his head. God, I sound like that goth chick across the street.
Before he knew it, he was already in the grocery store, taking food off the shelves and tossing it into a small plastic basket. Unlike last time, people left him alone. They knew Jade was gone, and they knew how he acted without her. Most of them had seen what had happened the last time.
After he paid for the groceries and put the basket back he proceeded to carry them in one simple, brown paper bag. Ian was walking back to the apartment when something sparkled in his peripheral vision. He turned to see where the glistening light was coming from. It was being displayed in a store window, and for the first time in a long time, excitement stirred in his gut. The paper bag fell from his hand and hit the new sidewalk, spilling its contents all over the concrete. A smile slowly covered the entire bottom portion of his face.
I have an idea, I'll finally do it. When Jade comes back I'll give this to her.