
Ayden resurfaced and began gasping for air. Some of the thick substance still remained on his hands. Even though he couldn't see it, he could feel it.
"Did you do it?" Jade asked with a shaky voice.
"Yeah. It's done. Now let's go." Ayden pulled himself along with the railing again towards the panel. He felt along the buttons until he thought he had found the one he had tried pressing so many times before. With one firm mash to the button, the doors began closing. In doing so, some of the water was pushed inside, which raised the water level significantly. They were forced to keep themselves afloat with their faces pointed towards the ceiling.
The elevator moved even slower than before and Ayden thought how it was a wonder that it didn't just fall off the cable. Then again, they were still far from the intended floor, and that was certainly a possibility. His muscles were tense the whole time it moved and his heartbeat never slowed down. It was pounding so hard against his chest that he thought it would just burst out at any minute, spluttering and spraying blood into the water like food coloring.
The moment finally came when the elevator stopped. It was pitch black, so Ayden had no idea if they were on the right floor or if they had broken it. He guessed they would find out soon enough. They say silence is golden, yet it's usually black as night when it's at its height.
The doors opened swiftly, as if they were back to normal again. The result: the water rushed out, carrying the duo along with it. They were whisked out of the elevator and the water lapped and splashed against the white walls, sending foamy drops raining down. The current took them a few feet away from the elevator before trying to fill the shape of the long corridor, leaving a couple inches of liquid for them to lay in once they washed up.
Ayden rolled onto his back and placed a hand on his chest. That was insane. Remind me never to go in an elevator ever again. The torn button-up shirt stuck to his skin uncomfortably, but on the bright side the blood had washed out of it. Well, most of it.  His hands however, were a different story. They were stained a light crimson, and the red travelled up to his forearms in thin streaks. When he moved a hand away from his chest it left a vermilion hand-print. Great. Now I definitely can't return it. I figured I could've sewn the tears up, but nope.
He let his head loll to the side and observed how Jade was faring. She was laying face down on the carpet, her black hair hanging around her face like a veil. Her hands were spread out along the floor and her legs were bent at the knees. The black dress she wore clung to her form, defining all of her curves. If it weren't for the fact that they had almost come close to drowning, Ayden might've stared longer.
Ayden pushed himself up to a sitting position and crawled over to her. Man, is this suit uncomfortable. He reached out a hand to move the hair away from her face and tucked some of it behind her ear. She turned her head to look at him and he saw black streaks coming down from her eyes. I've seen enough chick movies to know that her make-up is running. Why does she even wear it? She's perfect naturally. Ayden took a thumb and wiped the dark streaks off her cheeks. Some of it refused to come off, so he resorted to licking his finger and rubbing it slightly harder. There, that did the trick.