
Jade yanked her arm free and ran by herself. "Come on!" she shouted at Ayden. He obeyed and ran along side her, swinging his arms despite the pain he would without a doubt be feeling surging through his arm.
"Into the woods, we needed to go there anyways," his voice cracked as he shouted. Had he been crying? Forget it, I'll ask later, maybe over a box of donuts. No! No thinking of food at a time like this! Jade was having a full-on conversation with herself inside her head, almost tripping over a pothole.
The woods were separated quite a bit from the houses, so it was unlikely that they would catch fire too. Finally, maybe a place to rest. The thought of being able to take a break caused sent her into a limb-moving frenzy, pumping her arms and legs, passing Ayden in the process.
Her eyes were closed as she ran with her arms swinging harshly back and forth, trying to force herself to move faster. Taking a huge intake of air, she inhaled a repulsive smell, a smell that she recognized. She had only smelled it once before, but . . . .
Jade stopped in her tracks, skidding to a stop before reeling over and vomiting. The mix of burning flesh and her putrid liquids that now lay on the asphalt only made it worse. She felt a hand on her back, and a soft, soothing voice accompanied it. "We need to keep going." She nodded before straightening her spine out and wiping her mouth on what remained of her jacket. Dropping the scrap of fabric in the street, she moved forward. It's not like anyone will care about a little littering. They have much bigger problems to worry about, bigger fish to fry. She turned back to the fire for a moment. Let's just hope I don't become a fish stick.
The two wearisome survivors both forced their legs to continue moving at a fast-pace, even though they were exhausted beyond imaginable. Once they got deep into the safety of the trees, the girl collapsed. "Jade, we need to keep going. Get up." Ayden tried pulling her to her feet, but she simply smacked his hand away.
"Leave me be. I've been walking non-stop since I got here. Give me a break!" Jade shouted at him. She then rested her head in the crook of her arm, the sweet, damp grass tickling her face as she lay on her stomach. Ayden was shuffling away from her, starting the long trek up the steep hill ahead. Neither of them spoke, but Jade's ears kept finding sounds to decipher. Cricket sounds, leaves and other shrubbery rustling because of a small animal, Ayden grunting as he crawled up the hill.
"Jade..." he hesitated. "At least come to the top of this hill 'ere so I can keep an easy eye on ye."
She groaned and lifted her small body off the ground. It took all of her remaining strength to make it up the hill, but somehow she managed, collapsing again as soon as she got to the top. "That better for you?" I sound like I'm on my period. Wait a minute...Shit. This day couldn't get any worse. Jade's head rested on her arm again, looking up this time. She watched as Ayden became smaller and smaller as he walked away. "Who are you?" she mumbled under her breath. So many questions were whirling around her head. Ayden was like a tornado, as soon as he had showed up, her thoughts hadn't been rational and organized like they usually were.
Jade was so caught up in her own thoughts that she didn't notice when Ayden stopped and walked over to the edge of the cliff with his jaw dropped. "You need to see this..." he beckoned Jade to come to him. She sighed and pushed herself up yet again. Her feet got caught on plenty of things while she walked, and although she wasn't in particularly the right state of mind right then, Jade did notice how her right side was blocked by extremely thick trees, not allowing her to see anything going on at the bottom of the cliff, or beyond it for that matter. The more she thought about it, this was more like one of those roads that curved around the side of a hill, one that was hidden from the rest of the world.