
"Then let's give them one." She moved away from him, and he watched curiously to see what she would do. Jade held her hands up at waist height and bent her knee, twirling several times. Ayden took this precious time to pull the jacket part of his sweat-inducing suit off and roled up the sleeves on the black shirt that was underneath. He stepped forward and splayed his hand towards Jade, ready for her to latch onto. Once she did, Ayden pulled her towards himself again. She pulled away just like she did the first time but this time she didn't roll back to him again. This time she let go, walking away from him and seemingly abandoning the dance right in the middle.
Ayden ran up behind her and pretty much threw the tiny woman onto his shoulders. "You know ye can never leave something unfinished, Jade."
Jade sighed as she sat atop his shoulders. "I wasn't leaving, I was testing something out. And even if I was, I'd have figured I had already won."
Ayden snorted and just continued on with their little "show." The people were definitely enjoying it. Every now and then the duo would receive "oohs" and "aahs", much to Ayden's own satisfaction.
When they danced it was like they were meant for each other. Wow, doesn't that sound like a cliche romance novel. They caught on to each others movements at the snap of a finger, molding into a moving statue. They were, in fact, art. A form of art that should never be separated into two pieces. The movements corresponded with each other, leaving not a single flaw in the made-up routine.
Then came the impending climax of the song. Ayden watched the eager visages around him, cheering the two on and whistling at their crusade. He gave Jade a look that said they needed to end this with a bang, and she nodded in understanding. She smirked and backed away one last time. Ayden held my arms out for her, open at any second for her connect with. Her legs moved vigorously towards him until at last she ran straight into the arms. He lifted Jade into the air, holding her arrow-like figure above his head with ease. Wow, she's really light. What does she eat? I bet it's Yoplait.
As the words of the song bounded through Ayden's mind, he raised Jade even higher into the air. They explained exactly how he was feeling at the moment. "It's a new dawn, it's a new day, it's a new life! It's a new life for me. . ." He smiled at the last words. "And I'm feeling good."
As the song finished up, he lowered Jade back onto the ground, watching as her dress fell comfortably around her knees. The duo held hands as they bowed, receiving an unbelievable quantity of applause, cheers, and whistles from throughout the entire crowd. They both stood up straight and looked each other square in the eyes. Jade wrapped her arms around Ayden, giving him the tightest hug he'd possibly ever gotten. For a second he just stood there, surprised that she didn't continue on towards Ian and abandon him. He quickly returned the hug with a slight grin plastered on his face.
Ayden picked out a few familiar faces in the crowd as they hugged. Rick was clapping and cheering them on along with the others. Ian was standing to the side with his hands in his pockets, staring dreamily at Jade. He had obviously never seen this side of her, and Ayden felt somewhat honoured to have brought it out of her. Ian caught Ayden staring at him and pulled one of his hands out of his pockets, giving him the thumbs up sign and a smile. This guy is really lenient when it comes to people being with Jade. If it were me, I would never let her out of my sight or in the hands of anyone else. Then again, maybe that's why Jade is with him. She has freedom. He sighed. They should be together. It's none of my business to go poking around and trying to tear their relationship apart for my own selfish reasons.