
"Right." Jade lowered her gaze to the ground, taking deliberately slow steps. However, once her right foot was being shined on by the lampposts lining the dock, Ayden stopped her.
"Jade, I..." She turned to look at him, knowing a disappointed look was on her face. "...I'll be there by three in the morning. Be ready and have things done by then." Ayden released her arm, and off she went.
Jade thought to herself as she weaved through the throngs of people crowding the dock and trying to make their own exit. This is going to be my own personal hell, isn't it? I don't want to do this to Ian. She spotted a flash of bright green -- a port-a-potty. A man turned around, his face lighting up when he saw her. "Jade! I thought you up and ditched me. Ready to go?"
"I-I think so." She fidgeted with the hem of her shirt. Eh, this is going to be hard on the both of us. But...no. I need to do this. I'm doing this for the better of our health. He won't have to worry about me, and I won't have to worry about him. She straightened her back, determination replacing the dread in her stomach. "Yeah. Let's go."
*****
The first drops of rain pattered against the window of the taxi. Little specks of moisture dotted the glass, disfiguring some of the view Jade had of the passing city. She ran her hand along the worn out back seat, thinking deeply about how she would word anything to Ian. Sure, she could do it quick, ripping it off like a band-aid. But there was the possibility that would be worse on him. She could make a whole speech leading up to it, but what good would that do? If I do it slow I'll probably not end up finishing it.
Jade placed her elbows on her knees and rested her face in her hands. How am I going to do this? Is it even necessary? She thought about that last question only for a few seconds, already knowing the answer. Yes. Yes it is. Wanting to get rid of the depressing silence, Jade spoke. "What time is it?"
Ian pulled back his sleeve and squinted at the small watch on his wrist. "Two in the morning. We're almost home. Home. Isn't that great, Jade?" He faced her with a big smile stretching from ear to ear. "We can finally be home, and we can forget about all that's happened in the past year." He leaned back in his seat. "Oh man, I can't wait."
Jade turned back to the window, staring at the empty road they travelled on. "Me neither." I just want to get this over with. Get in and get out. Yeah, we'll do that.
The scenery slowly changed from that of unknown territory into familiar landmarks. Buildings upon buildings passed by in the night, all of which Jade could easily identify. Soon her own neighborhood came into view, and the taxi crawled along the avenue until they sat directly in front of the conjoined apartment. Ian handed the driver his cash and slung the door open, jumping out and slamming it shut. Jade was slower in her movements and made sure to carefully close her door. She turned around to ask the driver a question, but the car was already starting to inch away.
With nothing else to do, Jade faced the home she had left behind months before. It's so weird being here right now. After all that, I can finally pretend nothing happened ... "No, I can't," she mumbled.
"What was that?"
"Nothing."
"Good enough answer for me. Come on." Ian grabbed her hand and began dragging her up the skinny sidewalk that led to the apartment. "It's going to be so great actually being able to eat and sleep here without being so alone. Get this: At one point I actually cleaned. Me! Cleaned! Amazing, right?"