
Kane spoke up for the first time in a long time. "You won't be taking just four of us this time, will you?"
"Course not. I'll bring the twins, Abril, Tempest and Lino, Kane, River..." Ayden finally turned around. "And Jade."
She froze mid-peach. "Uh."
"W-What about me?" Logan piped up.
"It's too dangerous for you out there."
Logan looked down, bottom lip trembling slightly. "Okay. Figured you'd s-say that."
Ayden frowned, and gave him a solemn look. "I'm sorry, kiddo." He turned back to the fire. We need to figure this out as soon as possible. "They'll be in the city in two days. We have two days to plan. Any ideas?"
The twins, who Ayden was deciding to call M&M, raised their hands. Kane snickered, and said, "This isn't preschool, we don't raise hands anymo--Ow! The hell, Abril?"
"Ya need ta shut ya trap. I still raise me hand." Abril raised her hand dramatically in the air.
Ayden put a palm to his face. "Just shout it out," he said through his hand.
"I say we go 'round back!"
"We could use a grappling hook and climb our way inside!"
"Let's fight our way through!"
"None of those ideas will work." Ayden turned around when that comment was made, and stared curiously at Jade. She didn't notice. "Those are too obvious."
M-or-M protested. "How's a grappling hook obvious?"
"They'd be expecting us to sneak in," she said. Now she caught him staring. "I mean...I'd think that was obvious."
The silence that everyone shared confirmed that they thought just the opposite. Ayden took a single step towards her. We need to hear her out. "Tell us what you're thinking." He wanted to hear her idea. He wanted to hear everything she thought about. About this place, about the others. About him. I'm willing to wait for that last one.
Jade looked around and wiped her hands on her pants, probably wiping away sweat. She seemed nervous, antsy. Maybe she didn't like all the attention? Her distress disabled his ability to hold back any longer, and he took her hands in his, pulling her up to a standing position. He didn't let go there. She did, though. Her hands slipped out of his like butter, and he was unable to take them back. To anyone else, his helping her up was just a friendly gesture. He didn't think so.
She brushed past him so that she took his place in front of the trashcan. Warm colors danced across her face as she stared at each person in the room. The way the light was situated made her cheeks seem hollow, and her eyes sparkled with the image of fire. Ayden moved absentmindedly so that he stood across from her. Flames kept them apart, but also drew them together. Destructive forces bind us.
There was never a deeper truth in any thought he had ever conjured up. The suffering of every person in that room had brought them to each other. In every war, love is present. That is what truly ended conflicts. It would end this one too. Ayden was sure of it.
He wasn't the only person sure of something. Jade stared straight ahead, right at him. Something stirred deep in his stomach. He didn't have a clue what it was, but it made him smirk. "I sense that you're about to say something really badass."