
Eventually the intensity died down, turning into something much more steady. The current still kept the two pinned against the back of the elevator, but they could breathe now.
"We need to get out of here," Jade announced. Well no shit, sherlock.
"But how?" Ayden asked. They were pretty much locked in place.
She stood silent in thought for a while before opening her mouth to speak again. "Close the doors. Then we'll go back up and when they open again the water will go out." It sounded risky in Ayden's opinion, but they had no other options, so he had no choice but to agree and go through with it. Everything is just moving along so fast. It seems like only yesterday I was picking people off the street for my riot. Hmm. . .my riot. He sighed, wanting to blow out all of his problems. But alas, he was no miracle-worker, and they remained rooted inside of his problematic mind.
"I'll close the doors. If I can get to it." Ayden shook his head, shaking some of the water out of his matted hair. Stretching his arms out above the water and twisting his body so that he could move somewhat easier, Ayden moved towards the long array of buttons. Half the panel was underwater and slightly distorted because of it. Grasping a rail attached to the wall, he pulled himself against the current. He took note of how the water was still rising.  Slowly but surely.
The water lapped against the transparent walls and against their torsos. Well, my torso. Jade was shorter, so it reached slightly above hers. Ayden reached out a moist hand and mashed on a button for a floor much higher than that one. He leaned back afterwards, still gripping the rail, waiting for the doors to close so that they could get out of that hell-hole.
When it didn't close fast enough, he clicked the button again. And again. And again. And again. He continuously pressed it until he was pounding several buttons at a time. Ayden knew the door was trying to close. It kept moving out a few inches before going back into the slots between the walls.
"Why isn't it shutting?" Jade asked.
"It must be jammed or something. Maybe something is blocking it," Ayden theorized, beginning to lower his head so that he could look at the floor. Just as he did, however, the lights in the elevator burst, sending sparks flying everywhere before dimming out to nothing.
"What the hell?!" Ayden heard something wet smack against the walls. Jade must've been hitting the walls with her palms. This isn't like her, she usually doesn't panic like this. Dare he say it, but Ayden was probably calmer than Jade right now. "Let me out of here! Help!" More smacking. "I don't want to drown, not now!" A few whimpers emitted from her direction, and he couldn't help but pity her. What has she gone through to make her act like this? She hasn't done this with anything else before, and those things were ten times more dangerous.
Ayden pulled himself over to her, using the railings for support. He placed a hand on her shoulder and she flinched. Once she realized it couldn't be anyone other than himself, she relaxed a bit. He pulled her into a hug, or something close to a hug. She wrapped her arms around him voluntarily and rested her forehead on his shoulder. Ayden wasn't sure if she was crying, considering how they were drenched, but he felt her shaking as if she were. The shaking eventually turned into bawling, her wails echoing in the small space. He awkwardly patted her back, not having a clue as to what could've set her off like this.
Ayden tried comforting her as much as he felt he could. "Jade, it's going to be okay. We're going to get out of here, and--"