
"Huh?" the man said behind her.
"All brawn, no brains." Jade slammed her head backwards into the man's face, cracking and possibly breaking his nose. The grip on her arms loosened and she brought her foot back, and as her heel came in contact with where it counts, she was completely freed of his grasp. She dashed through the open doorway and was faced with a set of stairs. Her hands grasped one of the rails and she looked down, pressed up against the barrier keeping her from falling. It went down several floors, probably about four flights of stairs,and two words popped into her mind. Basement. Lino.
Just as she was about to start trekking down the steps, a loud groan came from behind. Before she had the chance to move, the man she had broken on top and bottom slammed into her back, and the railing she had been leaning on gave way. The two fell, and their speed accelerated as they zoomed past each and every step. I can't hit my head, I can't hit my head. Land on your side. Have something to cushion your fall. Jade wrestled with the man in mid-air, pulling herself around so that she was further from the floor than him as they fell.
The ground came fast, and the impact shook the both of them. Only one managed to live long enough to feel it, though. A sticky substance splattered against Jade's face, and she knew from experience what it was. There were lights scattered periodically down there, and even then they were dimmed to almost nothing. She was glad for that, so she wouldn't have to look at what would surely be a cracked open skull with blood leaking from the back...
Jade shivered, and crawled as far away from his body as she could in the cramped space. Basement. This is the basement. Lino. I need to find him. Using the wall for support, she hauled herself back onto shaky legs. Her stomach still hadn't settled down from the sensation of falling, and she didn't like the feeling one bit. Still, she willed herself to move.
One corridor was attached to this room, and she walked cautiously down it, hand on the handle of her gun just in case. There were a few more lights here and Jade felt a small sense of security. Small. A few doors were scattered along the walls, but she ignored those. The one at the end of the hall caught her attention, a bit of light shining through the small, foggy window on the door. That and the sign hanging from the doorknob that said: Prisoner inside.
Her fingers touched hold metal, and goose-flesh ran up and down her arms, leaving their bumpy footprints behind on her skin. Her free hand pulled the pistol from its place and she gripped it tightly. There better not be anymore powdered donut guys waiting in here. Then the door was open, and she was inside, whirling around in search for anyone wearing white. When she deemed it safe she turned to the person who was being held captive.
He was a dark-skinned man who sat in a puny wooden chair, with muscular arms bound by ropes behind the backrest. Jade could tell that he had been through hardship, judging by his torn undershirt and the barely noticeable bruises on his arms. His head was drooping down and he gave no indication that he had noticed her entrance. Is this him? Jade tightened her grip on the gun ever so slightly. and approached him. With her free hand she reached out to his shoulder, slowly, steadily, and then...
"Don't fuckin' touch me, you bleached ass pieces of shit!" The man jerked his body forward, but, confined by the ropes, leaned back again. Then he flinched, as if he were expecting a punch or a slap to the face.
Jade yanked her hand back and leaped away about three feet. "Lino?"
"You already know my name, stop fuckin' with me. Why haven't you and your lame ninja crew killed me yet, huh? You been holding off for days, weeks, hell, I don't even know how long. Just get it over with and spare me the damn wasted time. It's not like any of you'll gain anythin' out of it, so I don't see why--"