
It reminded her of what she needed to do.
The album closed itself once it hit the bed. Jade pushed her duffel bag back under the bed, and left the bedroom. "Ian?"
"In here," he hollered, and Jade swerved into the living room. When he saw her, he grinned and crossed his arms over his chest, leaning back into the couch. "So she decides to come out of that stuffy room, finally."
Jade didn't respond. Don't be too mad... Ian caught the worried expression on her face and reeled it in. "What's wrong?" he asked, wholeheartedly concerned.
Rip it off like a band-aid, or you'll back out. "I'm leaving tomorrow."
Ian's upper lip curled under his front teeth, and the corner of his eye twitched. "What do you mean? Where to? Why? Are you...are you breaking—"
"No, no, I'm not. And as for where I'm going..." I have no clue. "It's under wraps."
Ian frowned. "You can't leave. Nope, I won't let you. I don't care where it is. Letting you head off to the store was one thing."
Jade dug her nails into the skin of her to hide her surprise. He knew. Better come right out with it. She flicked her sight to the ground. "I am joining the military for elite tasks."
"What?!" Ian jumped nearly five feet in the air, arms flailing and brows alternating between upwards and downwards arcs. "Hah, no! No, you're not going, you're not leaving me here!"
Jade didn't raise her gaze during her short-lived protest. "I don't have a choice."
"The hell you don't! You can just as easily say no now as you could've earlier, or at any time. You're not doing it. Because if you go, I won't see you again."
"If I go, it's one step closer to ending the attacks," she said. And my vow.
Ian dug his right foot firmly into the carpet, jabbing the air around him with nearly every word. His most effective were, "I've almost lost you three times, and I won't let there be a fourth!"
"A military general made a deal with me. It could be what gives me a chance," Jade said, finally lifting her head.
"I don't care what he said, he's talking bullshit to get what he wants!" He retired yelling and took up mumbling and pacing the floor. His hands rubbed the area around his temple in slow circles.
I hate myself for this. "I am going."
She had used the tone again, the one she used when there was no other way of showing someone that she wasn't going to give in. There hadn't been much use for it before, but of late she had been using it more and more. She couldn't help but wonder when she'd have to use it again.
"What did I do to deserve this?" Ian whispered, his head held back so he could stare at the patterns on the ceiling.
"It's not the end of the world, Ian. I'll be back."
Ian turned to Jade, slowly, with red eyes and dirt in all the right places along his cheeks. It looked like he was about to start pleading. "Will you, though? Can you swear to me with everything you hold dear to you? Because last time I checked, you weren't psychic." Before Jade had the chance to respond, he marched out of the room and slammed the door behind him, making the house tremble.