
A boy, probably around seventeen years, tumbled out. Once he was free of the confining space he began swatting at Abril's hands, knocking them away from his ear. "You could've politely asked for me to get out, lady."
"You could've politely told us you were going ta be hiding out in there, boy," she retorted.
"Touché, mademoiselle."
"Gazoontite."
"Whoa, I never took a foreign language class, slow down," Kane said.
"That's not my fault."
"It should be."
Ayden whispered something to Logan and they nodded to each other in agreement. The redhead picked up the piece of metal Logan had been messing with, rolling it around in his hands. He nudged the boy and smiled, then slammed it against the metal table without warning. Jade jumped at the deafening gong noise it made, as did everyone else in the room that hadn't been expecting it. Everyone had become silent and all eyes were on Ayden. He placed the metal gently back on the table and tilted his head, still smiling. "Alright," he said calmly. "Where is my map?"
An object fell from the sky and hit the back of Ayden's head, then landed on the floor and started to roll away from his feet. Jade saw him bite his lip, probably to hold in a string of words. He breathed in and breathed out, then picked up the roll of paper in a calm manner. He held it up like a wizard would hold his wand, pointing it at each person in the room. "Who threw this?"
A loud cough came from above, and then the sound of someone clearing their throat. "My bad!" a voice hollered down to them.
Ayden's head snapped back, and he gritted his teeth, grinding them against each other so hard that Jade could hear tooth against tooth. "Mathias, why the hell ae you in the rafters?"
The voice from above answered back nonchalantly, saying, "Why are you not in the rafters?"
"Just get down from there!"
The voice, which Jade presumed belonged to a boy, scoffed, and many banging sounds came from above. She didn't even bother to look, she already knew that she would just see a person that she would see soon enough eye to eye. A pair of shoes plopped down on the surface of the table, not disturbing Logan whatsoever, and jumped off so that the person was level with everyone else. Jade decided to see what this mischievous boy looked like, and looked up. Just as she did, Ayden whacked him upside the head with the roll of paper.
At first Jade was taken aback, because she thought she had already seen this person. But he's... She turned around to look at the boy who had popped out of the compartment, and then back at the one from the rafters. They were almost identical physically, both of them looked to be the same height and weight, tall and lean. The two had the same head of hair as well, the only thing standing out between them being the way they parted it. One parted theirs to the left, the other on the right. Is this some type of cloning experiment?
Ayden smiled at her confusion. "Jade, meet the twins." She face-palmed, mentally cursing at herself for being so stupid. Of course! And I thought it was clones. Psh.