
A/N: Just...don't linger too much on this chapter. I have cut several portions out so it's choppy and...I really need to rewrite up to the point. I decided not to rewrite this one because I don't have the time. I will come back to it later, though. Everything from this point on has not been edited or rewritten. Beware.
*********
"You seem to be enjoying yourself over there." Jade turned around to meet the general's gaze. She nodded before turning back to the helicopter window, eyes widening the closer they got to the ground.
She knew she was supposed to be on her way to the president's house, and was well aware that flight by plane would be necessary. What she hadn't known was that she would get to ride for a short period of the trip in a helicopter. That had been one of the things she wrote on her "bucket list." What made it even more of an excitement, in Jade's opinion, that she was doing so to meet the President of the United States. Jade was about to land on the front lawn of the White House.
Well, this'll be an interesting story to tell my grand-kids. Y'know, if I ever live long enough to have any.
They were close enough that Jade could see the White House emerge from behind a few trees. As they neared, the helicopter got lower and lower until it was just hovering above the freshly manicured green grass. Wind from the propellers sent the emerald blades blowing back against each other, making a sort of circle of flattened, quivering grass below them. The helicopter landed smoothly and General Banks helped Jade climb out of the flying contraption.
A man stepped out of the bright house and began jogging towards them. His clothing looked like that a guard would wear, and Jade caught sight of a bullet proof vest poking out from underneath his suit. Once he caught up to the two, he straightened his back and took another step forward.
"It's protocol for me to check you of dangerous equipment and or substances," he explained.
As he searched them, Jade managed to hear Banks mumble a few words to himself, most likely not meant for her ears. "You'd think after gaining so much of his trust he would tell his security to stop doing this." His mumbles got lower and inaudible, and she averted her attention to the whitest of houses she had ever seen. It really lived up to its name. Shocker.
They were eventually deemed not a threat and allowed to begin the trek up the white stairs, eventually stepping through the grand entrance. The doors quickly shut behind them, and Jade took in the luxuriance of the building she had just entered.
Even the inside was extremely white; the floors were tainted pink and achromatic marble. Very expensive looking furniture was disseminated about the grand, square shaped entrance hall. Paintings of previous presidents in history lined the walls. Look, there's one of Obama. I guess that presidential history class paid off.
Banks and Jade quickly made their way through the large foyer space and walked through the Cross Halls. There was a long stretch of red carpet and dimly lit, clean-cut chandeliers hanging above as the militants journeyed throughout the house. They made it to a staircase and Jade followed blindly behind Banks as he expertly navigated the halls of the the second floor. His long strides caused Jade to exert herself trying to catch up and not leave scuff marks on the polished flooring all at the same time. After walking around the level for an eternity, they stood quietly outside a door. Behind that door the President sat, waiting for his visitors to enter.
General Banks pushed open the door and gestured for Jade to continue inwards as he held the door. She slowly walked in, trying to make each step look refined and subtle. The result left her hobbling like and idiot, but she made it to a chair without falling all the same. Sitting down, she took in the President and his office up close.