
Kane opened the door and they stepped inside. Jade squinted in the sudden change of lighting, trying to adjust to the brightness. She actually raised an arm to block her eyes from the painful rays of the bulbs hanging from the ceiling and focused on a blotch on the floor until her eyes could bare the lighting. When they did adjust she looked up, only able to see a few colorful blobs before her vision was shrouded in red.
Kane leaned in close to Jade's ear, uncomfortably so, and breathed out a whisper. "If you do anything to harm any of them, physically or mentally, I promise you that I will not hesitate to slice your throat open. I hope I made myself clear, because I will not repeat myself." He took a few steps back and pressed his lips into a thin line. After a time of him scrutinizing her uneasy fidgeting from under his hood, he stepped to the side and allowed her a clear line of sight to what had only been simple blurs a few moments ago. "Hey, Sleeping Beauty over here finally got her lazy ass up," he called out.
Four heads turned in Jade's direction, but only one stood out with the streaks of familiarity. "Jade!" Ayden wrenched himself away from the polished, metallic table he had been working at intently, and jogged over to his old partner-in-crime. Or new partner-in-crime? I have no idea what I'll be doing here. Maybe some questions were necessary before I agreed to this? "Thank goodness you actually woke up!"
"I'm surprised too," Kane added. "I poked her face with one of the kindling sticks for about five minutes straight. Out like a light."
Ayden snorted before saying, "Should've seen her in the car. Had a cop on our tail blaring his sirens, still didn't wake up."
"Wait, what?" Jade asked. She shook her head, unbelieving. "I...we...you did what?"
"We lost him so it's all good. Alright! Let's move this conversation over here," Ayden rushed out, changing the topic before Jade could pester him with any more questions. He placed a hand on her back and gently pushed her forward in the direction he had been before he knew she had even woken up. Two pairs of eyes still stared at her, while the third was cast down at some sort of widget laying on the silver table.
Jade found this part of the "base" odd, because it wasn't like the rest of the floors she had seen thus far. It was cleaner, in the sense that it wasn't rusted and covered in a thick layer of dirt and dust, and the room seemed to almost shine with a light gray. It gave her the sense of professionalism, that this was the place where big decisions were made. I hope I won't have to take part in getting trapped in between choices. I'll leave that to these people. They're probably more experienced in that sector than me.
"Get used to this room, Jade. You'll be in here a lot. Better get used to the people here too. You'll be with them for the majority of your time." Ayden stopped when they got over to the table and held a hand out in front of Jade, like a salesman trying to auction off a piece of rare artwork. Two young women, no older than eighteen each, stared at her, unsure of whether or not to speak to the auctioneer, to call out their bids for the art. Only one person ignored her, still prodding at a hunk of metal. The boy seemed to have no interest in the newcomer at all, completely transfixed on what he was working on.
When no one spoke, Ayden did it for them. "So, I guess I'll introduce you. This is Jade, the person I've been telling you all about."
The dark-skinned girl lowered her brown eyes to a corner of the table, blowing a piece of black hair out of her face. One of the first things Jade noticed about her was how skinny she looked through her skin tight tank. Her arm muscles contradicted her tiny waist, and Jade found herself thinking about what this girl did with her life. She didn't seem like a very outgoing person, and probably had better things to be doing. The other girl was a whole different matter. Her face lit up with a smile and she bounded over to Jade, her dark red curls bouncing up and down against her shoulders. She took a hold of Jade's hand and shook it eagerly. "Nice ta meet ya, Jade! I've been real excited ta finally see the chick that Ayden hasn't shut up about ever since he got here. In fact, he even talked about ya before he left Ireland, said he planned ta snatch ya up and slap ya onto the team. Oh, where are my manners? I'm Abril, pleased ta meet ya."