
A thick tree served as an obscuring object for Jade, and she lurched behind it with gratefulness. It didn't take long until the spray-painter finished up and left. Jade made sure she could no longer hear their footsteps before slowly making her way over to the wall so she could see what they had painted on the wall.        She looked left and right, repeating the process several times before reading the black-painted words aloud. "Make them pay. Destroy them, or we destroy you." Her mind processed this for a moment and after realizing who "them" was, went back to searching for the hotel, chilled to the bone. Not because of the algid temperatures, however.
No matter how much she searched and searched, it was all pointless. She had been there for hours, and by now it was meaningless to continue looking for anywhere to stay, the dark blues beginning to protrude from the horizon. No place was open except a gas station. The neon "open" sign flickered, and the fluorescent lights inside were creating a glare on the frosted windows. A draft of wind blew against Jade's bare cheeks, sending a shiver down her spine. I bet they have some kind of heat. She sighed, able to see her misty breath. Better than nothing.
She walked up to the entrance and the doors parted swiftly on their own. An old man sat behind the counter, flipping through a newspaper. He looked up at Jade briefly and went back to reading whatever had caught his interest. Jade hugged herself, rubbing her hands up and down her arms as she walked towards the half-empty aisles. Warmer than it is out there. Unfamiliar candies and foods lined the shelves. Maybe I'll come back once this whole thing is over with and buy some with Ian. Ian . . .  Is he okay? Or is he on the verge of his breaking point?
Jade pushed the thought of him from her mind. She couldn't worry about that now. Time to act natural. Her hand swiped at a random food item on the shelf and she made her way over to the register, placing what she guessed was a bag of chips on the counter.
The old man folded up his newspaper and placed it on the chair he had been sitting in. "This all?" Jade nodded. "I see. One second." He walked into a room behind him. As he shuffled through things in the back room, she picked up a newspaper of her own on a rack beside the counter.
"Military Base Destroyed; Americans Suspected: A few days ago one of our military bases has been destroyed, blown to bits. It has become that much harder to cause damage to America. They are sneaky, conniving pests that must be obliterated. Never fear though citizens, for we will prevail. Our country will rise once again, especially with help from our allies. More information to come--"
"Interested in that story 'ere?" Jade slammed the newspaper on the counter, placing her hand on her heart and taking a deep breath. The old man smiled as she nodded once more. "Sorry for causin' ye a scare." He pointed to the article. "A lot of people 'ere have been terribly angry 'bout that. The riots were bad enough, and then those people had to stick their noses into it."
"Really?" Jade asked, pretending she had no idea what he was talking about.
"Aye. Darn right. Say, you don't know about the riots?" A hint of suspicious rose in his tone.
"I knew 'bout them, just not many riots where I'm from. I came from deeper into the country." I spoke too long. Now he's going to know I'm lying. Done blew it now, you idiot!