
It was quite disturbing, to say the least.
Kane took confident steps ahead of Jade, moving towards this mysterious figure that seemed to not notice their entrance in the slightest. He stopped when he was only a couple yards away, and Jade wondered why he didn't move any further. A hole opened where his mouth was supposed to be, and through that hole came enthusiastic words. "Hello, River. Hope you've been enjoying your time here in casa de Resist?" The figure whom Kane regarded as River remained silent and unmoving, and the red-cloaked man sighed. "Still not speaking, huh? No wonder no one here wants to be your friend. A high school catastrophe. Too bad we're not involved with the educational system anymore. This is reality, Nosebleed, and you're going to have to open that big mouth of yours some day."
River remained in the same position, Kane's words not affecting him in the slightest. The slightly annoyed man sighed again and turned to Jade. "Don't even try talking to Nosebleed over here. If my charming, sexy self can't make it speak, then your...you-ness doesn't even stand a chance."
Jade rolled her eyes. "Thanks, pal." When her eyes finished their circling motion they landed on River, and another rush of curiosity snaked its way around her mind. "Why do you keep calling him Nosebleed?"
Kane snorted. "Punched Ayden straight in the nose when he found 'em. Those nostrils wouldn't stop flowing for hours. Had to take his hatchets away before he chopped the guy into millions of tiny pieces. Still, the stubborn bastard wanted him. For the team. Not sure why, even after all that. Wouldn't tell us what happened, and this one surely isn't going to be telling us anything." He whirled around and started heading for the door, brushing past Jade and mumbling something barely audible. "Won't tell us why he brought you along either." Louder, he said, "River, we'll be bringing down your din-dins later. Hopefully you won't get too bored down here, with nothing but your dominoes."
Dominoes...Hm. Kane gestured for her to follow, and she held up one finger. She turned back to the disturbing fellow. "Bye, River."
"Hurry up, chica! This door isn't going to hold itself!"
"I'm coming, geez, don't get your cloak in a twist." Jade jogged over to the door and ducked under Kane's impatient arm. Before it was slammed shut and locked tight, though, she was just able to see the hockey mask staring straight at her.
Bang.
Kane brushed his hands against each other, wiping away dust and grime from the leathery surface. Then he began ascending up the steps with Jade behind, just like always. She was always following people nowadays, always sticking behind them. Sometimes she wondered what it'd be like if she were the one people were following, the one people trailed behind. What would it be like if the roles were reversed for once? If Ayden and I switched bodies for a while? To go from a nothing...to a something.
The idea of Ayden and what he may have been doing at that moment in time while she was there, in safety, crossed her mind. "Do you think they'll be okay?" she asked.
Kane shrugged. "Dunno. Do you think they're okay?" This made Jade pause, and she glued her feet to the step she currently stood on. Kane stopped as well, and moved his head slightly to the side, probably looking at her from under that screen of red. His lips perked up in the shadows. "You think he's not going to be back, don't you? You think he's a goner? You think, for the first time in a long time, he made the wrong decision of not taking more people? Of not taking me, or you? Or even River, for that matter?"