
Logan's arms twitched as he looked at Ayden with solemn eyes. "What if you d-don't make it back?"
"We'll make it back. Don't worry about us. Worry about you." Ayden started towards the dwarf-doorway, but Logan leaped out and grasped his arm tightly. Ayden's head drooped. "You do this every time Logan, every time. I need you to stay here and work on your projects. You're safe here. Not out there. Let us do our job, and you can do yours."
"But, b-but--" Logan was interrupted, his face being squished against Ayden's shoulder in a tight hug.
"I said we'll make it back, which means we'll make it back. I won't say it again." He sighed. "When we get back I'll take a look at that old board game you found, alright? Fair enough?"
"Okay." Logan departed from the hug and Ayden ruffled his hair, then gently pushed him in the direction Kane went, and soon the room consisted of only Jade and the leader of this diverse group.
Jade kicked at a chunk of chipped ground, kicking a few small pebbles that bounced off of Ayden's shoes. Those same shoes moved, moved until they touched the tips of her own. What does he want now? A lock of her hair was tucked behind her ear. Now she looked up, right at Ayden's eyes, the ones that resembled flashed of electricity. They suited him; they represented the spark that sometimes grew into a small flame when he wanted it to. The spark that resided somewhere in him, the source for the motivation Jade had seen struck into him like a bolt of lightning at the most unexpected of times.
"I hope you're not taking this whole, 'leave-the-newbie-here' thing personally. I know you can handle yourself...to a certain extent," Ayden said.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Jade raised an eyebrow and awaited his answer.
"I...I didn't mean for that to...what I'm trying to say is...Is it getting hot in here? I should really check about getting that air conditioner set up. Wait, now it's cold. I guess it's because we're underground?"
"You don't want to answer that, got it."
"Whew, I was hoping you'd get my point," Ayden said. He scratched the back of his head, and Jade noticed that he still held the exposed blade at his side, a little too close to Jade for comfort. As if on cue, he slipped it into a single mount on his back, much like the kind Kane had for the machetes. "Listen, I need you to at least try to get along with them...even if you can only trust one. Trust is what keeps this thing running. Speaking of trust...don't go messing with River. I know close to nothing on him, and until I can figure something out, Kane will be keeping an eye out. Stay away from him. River, I mean. Not Kane. I'm talking too long and starting to confuse myself. Where am I again?"
Jade snorted and patted his chest lightly. "I guess I'd better get to 'trusting' then."
"Right. Before you do though," Ayden said, fiddling with his ear, "let me just do this real quick." Before Jade could protest he leaned forward and gave her a quick peck on the cheek. She would've started lecturing him if he hadn't dashed under the doorway, removing himself from her sight. She sighed, knowing that she'd have to get one thing straight once he came back. He can't keep doing that, or I'll end up slapping the red out of his hair.
This grimy room she stood in was now empty, the only sounds being the patter of something plopping from the ceiling every now and then, and her own breathing. It was calm. As soon as she left through the door that the other boys did, that calm was shattered into millions of pieces, much like the glass wall had been on the cruise. Logan was laying on his back, hugging the small chunk of metal he had been fiddling with earlier tightly to his chest, and Kane was standing over him, trying to snatch the item away from his grip. The small boys arms twitched again, more violently this time, and the object skidded across the floor and stopped at Jade's feet. She raised an eyebrow and bent over to pick it up. It had a few jagged edges, and it was heavy. Other than that she couldn't really tell what it was.