
"Oh, I can't wait to see their faces when they realize everything they know has gone to shit," a voice said behind her. Sixtine could hear the grin in his voice, the grin of a malevolent being. The grin of revenge and an undying thirst for power.
She turned around completely to see Finnian standing in the vault's doorway. "Nice to see you could make it for the grand opening," she said.
"I never miss a good show, Sixy. You've put a lot into setting it up, it'd better be as entertaining as we planned." He began backing away from the vault. "We'd better get moving if we don't want to be like those actors that forgot their lines."
"Of course. Let's go finish preparing before the show begins, shall we?" Sixtine offered. He held out his elbow and she wrapped her own around it, matching his speed as they walked briskly to the elevator. It shot them all the way to the top deck in a matter of seconds. Their feet were in sync as they walked around the length of the ship, waiting.
"It's almost time to open the curtains. Would you like to count us down?" Finnian asked the blonde woman.
"I'd be honored." Sixtine looked down at the watch on his arm. "Five. Four. Three. Two. And . . ."
The ship shook, rocking back and forth slightly against the calm waves. Finnian led her over to the ledge and they looked down at the pitch black water. A slight light from below illuminated a small portion of the now undulated waves. They smiled at their handiwork, taken in by the beauty of the masterpiece of destruction. "One," he finished maliciously.
"I need to get back to the ceremony, I have some things to take care of. Make the reservation for us, sweetheart." Finn began jogging away, disappearing beyond the crowd of confused passengers coming out to see what had happened. These idiots won't find anything here. What they're searching for is way down below, where no one will dare to check. Sixtine smiled at her own thoughts. Now to get the actors in their positions.
Stewards and stewardesses started flooding out of doorways and out of every little nook a cranny. Damn, have they been there all this time? Just waiting for something to happen?
As more passengers arrived onto the deck, a man in a black suit with several fabric rings on his sleeves motioned for everyone to crowd around him. He stood on a small step stool, making him just a few inches taller than everyone else. Mumbles of theories about what may have happened spread through the group like wildfire, soon becoming loud declarations.
"Torpedo!"
"Iceberg!"
"Bomb!"
"Coral reef!" Really? We're in the middle of the Atlantic, no land visible whatsoever, and you think we just hit a coral reef? I hope this idiot dies first.
"Calm down everyone, calm down. Yes, calm down. Alright, listen up," the officer hollered. "We don't know what caused the ship to shake, and yes, we are working on it. What we do know is that water is beginning to rush in. Do not be alar--"
Dozens of screams of panic interrupted his announcement. Sixtine watched the frustration fill his face. She smiled at his anger. Your temper will be the death of you someday. Perhaps even today.
"Quiet!" he yelled over the wails and cries of fear. It managed to work, and the voices ceased to be heard. "We're going to file as many people as we can onto these lifeboats--" He patted the small boat behind him. "--and you are to row away to find help. Understand?"