
"Of course. Where are you? I'll send a car for you," he said.
"Well . . . there's a sign here that says it's Baltimore but I don't know . . ." Ian trailed off. There were probably a lot of signs that said "Welcome to Baltimore."
"On it. Stay in that phone booth until the car gets there," Mr. Banks said.
"Okay." Then his words sunk into Ian's tired mind. "Wait, how do you know I'm in a phone-booth?"
"I have my ways. See you soon, Jovian."
"It's Ian," he continued talking even after the man hung up. Ian sighed again and leaned against one of the walls. Soon afterwards, he heard the deep sound of a car purring. There was a loud screeching and the sound of a door opening. Just as Ian was about to open the door of the payphone booth, it opened for him and a man in a black suit stood before him.
"Jovian Everhart?" he asked.
"Yes . . ." he said cautiously.
"Good, come with me." He grabbed Ian's wrist and directed him to a black, shining SUV. The man pressed his free hand to an earpiece and spoke into it. "We've got him. On our way to the harbor now." His black sunglasses glinted in the sunlight. Another man greeted them and opened the car door for the both of them. Ian stepped inside and sat down in one of the plush seats, followed by the man that had opened the door. The car started up and they began the drive to the harbor. Ian was practically jumping up and down in his seat. I'm going to see her again.
~~~~~
The car screeched to a stop and Ian jerked forward. For being a security guard, it's a surprise he hasn't gotten us killed within the past half hour, he thought, leaning back and taking a deep breath. He closed his eyes as the men got out and opened the car door for him. "Sir? We're here."
Ian was beyond exhausted, but remembering that Jade was only a few minutes away caused him to jump out of the car and begin running. His feet thudded on the pavement and he breathed in the smell of salt water. Eventually, he was given an almost full view of the harbor. The only thing blocking it was a huge white ship. It had two stripes, one red and one blue, running along the length of the ship, right under what he guessed was it's name. He read it aloud, whispering it softly. "S.S. Hope."
It made Ian think about his own situation. He was about to be united with Jade again. The two men in suits from earlier walked up behind him and placed something in his hand. "You forgot this, sir." It was Ian's suitcase. Whoops.
Ian grasped it tightly, trying not to drop it out of excitement. "Can we get on now?" he asked. He sounded like a little kid about to get on a roller-coaster, but he didn't care.
"Of course, Jovian," one of them answered.
"It's Ian, not Jovian." They walked up the slowly steepening wooden ramp, making their way to a thin, tall building. It reached up to the top deck of the ship, and looked like it could fit about three people at once. How convenient. Once they got inside the elevator-like room, one of the men pressed a button and they were whisked to the top. The doors opened swiftly and the three walked across a maneuverable bridge that temporarily connected to the ship. Ian looked down and became quite dizzy. I can't deal with heights without Jade . . . shes never been afraid of them. His pace quickened and soon he was standing on the deck of the ship.
This place was absolutely amazing in every aspect of the word. Everywhere Ian looked there were walls and ledges of pristine whiteness and shining light brown wood below his feet. A single red funnel stood tall in the back of the ship, and banners of blue hung high above his head. Ian walked over to the edge and leaned over slightly, his awe diminished his fear of heights for the time being. Floors upon floors spanned down below. The upper floors were more like promenade decks, and all he could see of the lower floors from where he stood were small windows and portholes. As he stepped away from the ledge he thought of how much this ship reminded him of Jade. Not a flaw in sight, perfect and gorgeous.