
The rotten chunk of roadkill continued staring straight ahead as he responded. "Oh, very much. I think I'll quite enjoy being the boss' little spy. Such a shame that you had to go and break the rules; you were good at it too."
"Oh my, how flattered I am," Ayden said with sarcasm and disgust clear in his tone.
"All you had to do was prevent the riot...and a few other things. You knew what would happen if it got out of hand. But instead you assisted the riot. You're a traitor. And now you'll be punished," Finn continued. "Hopefully I'll be able to ask you some questions myself once we begin."
"You're one sick person, you know that?" Ayden wanted to throw more insults at him, but he knew it would only land him in an even worse position than he already was.
"Yes, and with pleasure. I'm sure I'll have a grand old time with that girl you brought too. What was her name? Jade, was it? Ah, she'll be fun to question." He made air quotations around the last word.
"Don't you dare touch her!" Ayden yelled. I won't let him hurt her. If he does, I'll kill him.
"Oh, look here! Ayden fancies someone! That makes it even better. I'll make sure to have extra fun with her." He licked his lips, snickering.
"You won't do anything to her. Got it?" He's pushing me to the damn limit, and he knows it.
"Oh, and what will you do about it?" After a moment of silence he continued. "That's what I thought."
"I wouldn't tell you even if I did have a plan."
"But you're saying you don't have one. Correct?"
"I could be lying." Ayden was starting to confuse even himself. He had to admit, Finn was talented in making you dig yourself deeper into the ditch you've already been put into. I've seen it firsthand, and now I'm experiencing it.
Eventually they stopped outside a metal door with plenty of locks on the outside. Finn unlocked each one of them one by one and flung the door open. The men carrying Ayden under the arms threw him into the room, and he hit his arm on the corner of the chair in the center of the large space. He quickly started backing up on his hands and knees as the two men began approaching slowly. But of course, he ran out of room and ended up squeezing himself against the wall.
The two muscular sailors gripped his arms, squeezing so hard that he thought his veins would burst and send fountains of red everywhere. There was no way Ayden was getting past them. Unless of course, I make a break for it...
They tossed him into the chair, one of them pushing the defenseless man against it tightly while the other one untied his hands so that they could be tied around the back of the chair. His arms were already aching from being in that uncomfortable position for so long, but he still attempted to squirm his way out of the chair. Not working. . . The men stepped away from Ayden and he proceeded to tug at the ropes.
"No way he'll be gettin' out ta tat one, aye?" one of them asked while staring down at the squirming boy, a grin present on his face.
The other one spoke up. "Them are solid rope. He be stuck there until we decide what to do with 'em."
"I'm afraid you won't be taking part in this, fellas. Leave and tell Boss we got 'em here, locked up tight," Finn said to them. Ayden noticed now as he had so many other times before, his accent was much more proper sounding than most of the workers on this ship. Kind of like me. Old friends, turning into enemies. The two had been so close before. But Boss had changed Finnian, turned him into one of the chess pieces in his own game. Ayden had known that his team would lose, and that's why he left. He didn't want to be known as a failure, as someone who made mistakes. Plus, this team was the more reckless one, people here did things without thinking rationally. Ayden understood that everyone was going through a hard time right now, but...he just couldn't stay. It wasn't his place. So I made my own place.