
Jade pushed herself onto her feet, taking a deep breath of the fresh air. There was a noticably brighter atmosphere, even in the abandoned neighborhood. She looked up to the sky, which held no color, only small dots of light which surrounded an even larger dot; the moon. It was like a flashlight, illuminating the street all the way to the beginning of an expanse of trees. The forest.
Her legs moved quickly towards the beginning of the woods. She made sure not to strain herself or move too fast, knowing she would most likely need the energy for later. Little patches of snow still remained in some places near the foot of the trees, not yet melted. A breeze moved past her arms, but it wasn't too cold. Still, she shivered in the sudden decrease in light, the wicked branches casting shadows along the path she trekked on. Dead, shrivelled up remains of leaves crunched underneath her. For some odd reason, she took comfort in this moment. There were no distractions, no people she needed to keep a close eye on, just nothing. Nothing but silence.
Nothing but silence and a sheet of ice slowly approaching her feet. She still kept a calm state of mind, though, not allowing the stretch of slippery surface to intimidate her. Soon one foot was placed upon it, and then another, until she was flat on her butt. "There's two things I know for certain," she whispered out. "One: I am an idiot. Two: I am really cold, particularly in my gluteus maximus." She placed a hand on the ice and pushed herself up, carefully so she didn't fall again. When she was standing once more, she gave the area a once over. Yep, absolutely no other option than crossing this lake. Can't go around, unless I want to risk losing more time.
"How to go about this..." she mumbled. One foot slowly slid across the ice, then the other, and the cycle repeated until she was a full three inches from where she stood half a minute before. "I'm getting nowhere with this. Different route..." Just as she was lifting up her foot to place it in a different place, a sound shot through the air, splicing whatever calm there had been before in half. Gunshot.
Now she wasn't thinking. Now she was being impulsive. Now she ran. Ran smoothly across the ice, almost gliding across it as if she had wing keeping her suspended. Halfway across the lake, three-fourths of the way across the lake, completely off the frozen surface. She leaped onto a large rock, which was surrounded on all sides by even larger ones, stacked together to create a sort of barrier between her and whatever had fired off that gun. She looked down at her own pistol, and after a short moment of hesitation, slipped it out of the holster and held it tightly with her right hand. It's loaded, Jade, so don't accidentally shoot yourself...
With her free hand she found a ledge sticking out of the mini-mountain made by the hands of Mother Nature, and latched onto it, pulling herself up and sticking her foot in a groove. Up and up she climbed, until she was just below the top. Slowly, carefully she peeked over the top.
There was a large building built into the side of a cliff (!), but she paid no mind to that. She looked more closely at those standing in front of it. Tempest was being held back by a being covered entirely in white, with accents of green. Jade held a gasp in her mouth, recognizing these shrouded figures instantly. She slid her eyes over to the twins, who were also struggling with four opponents. Abril seemed to be faring better than the other three, if at all. She had a thick sword out, one that reminded Jade of a pirate, and was thrashing around with it at the unknown identity who blocked each swing with his own blade. There was no sign of Ayden, though...