
"Boost up the engines, if we keep them running at full speed for ten minutes we should be there in half an hour."
"Understood, captain." The conversation ended there, and footsteps began heading towards Ayden's wall. Shite, gotta hide, gotta hide. There was a sign over there that said this place was--
"This place is off limits. What are you doing here, sir?" Ayden jumped back, startled. So much for that.
He stood up straighter, looking at the crew member, and spoke. "I, uh, I was just, uh...getting lost. Wait! That came out wrong, I meant that I was looking for the, for the uh, the bathroom. Yeah, that. And then I got lost."
"If you say so." The crew member pointed to a set of stairs leading deeper into the large fishing boat. "You should find one down there. Now get moving, before I get Butch."
"Understood, uh, sir? I mean, understood sir." I really don't want to meet anyone named Butch. Butchers have names like Butch. I don't feel like having my intestines strung out along a ceiling like pigs in meat delis today.
Ayden took to the stairs, skipping two with each step. Once he got to the bottom, he rounded a corner and leaned against a dark brown wall. "Okay. I have half an hour. Do I have anything to gather up?" He thought about the only things he had boarded with: a destroyed button-up shirt, torn up pants, and drenched dress shoes. He no longer wore those, but had them hidden in a crevice somewhere on the boat. Yeah, something tells me I'm not going to get a refund for those. "I'm pretty much good for time. I just need to make sure I don't lose Jade once she gets off the boat."
Ayden left the wall, walking aimlessly down the corridor as he went into deep thought about his plans. This is going to be difficult as hell. First, I'd need to get Ian away from her, which will probably be a feat all in itself. It's like he's a damn child that refuses to go anywhere without its toy. Speaking of that, how did Jade even manage to get away from him for more than five minutes?
He thought back to when he had seen her make a mad dash to the bathroom. At first he figured it had just been one of those "womanly emergencies," but after a while he became skeptical. Especially when she came out and refused to talk to him, and then just ran off. She had looked so frightened too, like she was about to make some dire mistake.
What was she thinking about? That question had been on Ayden's mind ever since he had met her in person, and him being a curious human, he was determined to find out. It was so hard though. "You're just so mysterious, and inspiring, and beautiful," he said to the empty air.
Except it wasn't empty.
"Well, uh, thank you young man, but I don't roll that way. I prefer those with holes in the front." The man in front of him fidgeted for a moment, but jerked and brushed past Ayden in the cramped hallway. Ayden only turned around, raising an eyebrow after him. What in the actual hell? "By the way, we're coming up close on New York! You can almost see the Statue of Liberty!"
Ayden dismissed what the man had said earlier and focused on his most recent statement. "You can?!" A childlike giddiness filled him, and he jumped in place like a rabbit hyped up on energy drinks. "I've always wanted to see the Statue of Liberty!"
Anything he had been thinking or worrying about before fled his mind, and he dashed down the hall, running around twists and turns in the corridors. A set of stairs appeared before him, and he took those two at a time. This has been my lifelong dream, to see that Statue! Well, one of my dreams anyway. And it's finally happening! His feet stomped against the stairs, annoying those of whom were walking in the opposite direction. But he didn't care. He had not a care in the world, not with excitement running through his veins as if a dam had just broken. Plus it's night, so that makes it ten times better!