
Jade smirked back. "We aren't going to sneak in." What she said next was stated so confidently that Ayden swore she must've said it before.
"We're going right in the middle of them. In plain sight."
*****
Ian ran his fingers through his hair one last time, making sure not a hair was out of place. He had only tried this hard to look as good as he could get with Jade. Not anymore. This time, it was for the most beautiful woman he had ever seen, Tony. After a little cologne, and a lot of coughing from the strong scent, he decided that enough had been done to his face. Not a blemish was visible, excluding a few barely noticeable scratches. I was stupid for going all Hulk-mode on that Christmas tree. All because of Her.
He chuckled at himself in the mirror. I was stupid. After making sure all of his buttons were buttoned, and that his tie was tied to the point of almost strangling him, he sighed.
His eyes landed on his own in the reflective glass. "I am not Ian. I am Jovian." Jovian is who I really am. When I was with Jade, I was Ian. Ian isn't me. This is me. Jovian.
"I am Jovian." He finally exited the bathroom and headed for the--his bedroom. A phone lay on his bed, and he plopped down next to it, staring at the thing. I wonder when she'll call. She said she'd call once she was outside...
Ever since he had met her at the bar, Jovian had been seeing Tony nearly every day. Eventually it got to the point where they started dating, and he couldn't be any happier. Today he was planning to take her someplace nice for dinner. Someplace he had never taken Jade. Not because he didn't have the money, even though that was a big part, but because she didn't deserve it. No, you were just broke. "Shut up, brain."
A tune started playing from the object on the bed, and Jovian scrambled for it. He fumbled it around in his sweaty hands, and quickly answered it. "Hello?"
"It's me!" a tinkly voice said. "I'm outside in my car, You ready?"
"Readier than ready." He smiled. "See you in a second."
Tony hung up and he tossed the phone back on the bed. He dashed through the house, shoes already on, and opened the front door. There she was, sitting behind the wheel, drumming her painted nails against the wheel. When she saw him her eyes lit up. Jovian smiled again and slipped into the passenger seat of the car.
"So," Tony said, "I have a surprise."
I hate surprises. Jovian coughed. "What is it?" No, I love surprises. Ian hated surprises.
Tony grinned and placed a hand on his leg. "We're not going where you planned. I'm taking us somewhere."
"But..." I love surprises. "Let's get going then."
"At a boy," she teased. The car was put in drive and she backed out of the driveway, and they were flying across the road. Jovian stared out the window at the scenery that passed by in a blur. There was still a lot of snow laying about, and the sky was already beginning to darken. It would be black by six. He glanced at the clock. It's four now.
The more time that passed, the more unfamiliar the terrain became. As much as Jovian loved surprises, he was getting antsy. "Can't you give me a hint of where we're going?"
"There's a building just outside of town. They serve the best food in Ohio, I hear." Tony took one hand off the wheel and placed it on Jovian's shoulder. "You'll love it."