
When he caught her staring in confusion, he said "You've already seen it. No point in hiding it from you now."
Curiosity got the best of courtesy. "Does it still hurt? How'd it happen? Can you see out of..." she pointed to his left eye, "there?"
He slapped the gauze packing on his knee and stared her dead in the eye with his blue one. "Did anyone ever tell you that you're nosier than a dog sniffing another dogs behind?"
"Not exactly, no."
He stared at her a little longer shaking his head, then went back to work on his arm. "Ayden was the same way. Questions, questions, questions, but his were so out there that I was about ready to sock him. With an actual sock at that. One of Finn's smelly ass socks I found in his dorm--"
"You knew Finn too?" Jade cut in. "You knew him?!"
"I'd answer any question you had about my face before I'd answer that. And to prove it: no, it does not hurt; chemicals were spilled on the scars I'd gotten from a fight; and no, I cannot see out of my left eye."
Each answer intrigued her, but she was still more concerned about his associations with Finn. "You said you'd found a sock in his dorm to smack Ayden with. That means you must've all known each other when you were younger."
"Yeah, so? We were in the same program, all picked off the streets in one way or another to train. But that was then, this is now, and I will never refer to that manipulative pile of excrement as my friend again."
"But what happened to make you all hate each other?" Jade pressed. "This knowledge could help me."
"Help you with what? Killing Finn? You don't need to know our life stories to do that," Kane snapped. "Just pull the trigger and he's dead."
"Easier said than done...." Then something came back to her. "Ayden had plenty of chances to kill Finn but didn't. Finn had plenty of chances to kill Ayden but didn't. Why?"
Kane paused his self medical treatment and looked up at her through his lashes. "It's not easy to get rid of someone you still care for."
Jade tilted her head. "But they both act and speak like they hate each others guts."
"That's because they're both stubborn, bull-headed children. But it's best this way, because eventually they might really start hating each other. And once that happens, this whole thing can end. Preferably in our favor." Kane leaned over his arm again and finished up packing the gauze with careful fingers. He winced at his handiwork, but it got done. "Actually, I think it's already happened. Logan is dead, Ayden's a wreck, and all by the command of Finn. Probably."
Jade frowned. "Finn didn't pull the trigger."
"No, but his underlings did, and that's all that matters. The people working for him killed Logan, and for that no one here should forgive him. That kid was nothing but innocent, nothing but kind, and all he wanted was to matter. He was just like the rest of us, no different." A special pain painted his face and he stared down at his lap in both anguish and sorrow. "I just wish I'd been nicer to the kid."
Jade placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. He reached up and grabbed it in his own, an eye of fire reaching for her. "Remember what he did to them," he said, "Remember what that bastard did to Ian and Logan each time you hear his name, each time you see him." He let go of her hand and replaced it with a roll of bandages and the medical tape. "Finish it off."