
An overwhelming fury took over everything in Jade's body; her nerves, her muscles, her mind, everything.
Everything that happened in the past year is not right.
Jade moved to the front of the crowd. Ayden appeared by her side shortly after. His voice echoed in her mind once, telling her not to take off her helmet. No vow, no obedience.
Her helmet hit the asphalt and she heard the plastic crack. Ayden looked at her like she was crazy, then faced the patrollers again. His helmet hit the street too.
"Oh, look who we have here," the patroller in front of them said, "Jade Maliks and Ayden Tate. Wonderful seeing you two again. Is Kane with you too?"
Silence.
"Ah, didn't expect a response. No matter. You're outnumbered anyway. None of these protesters would help you."
"We were outnumbered last time," Jade said. "See how that ended?"
The patroller laughed. "You're funny. And feisty. I like you. Too bad I have to kill you."
"No," Jade said.
"What was that?"
"I said no." She took three big steps closer to him. "I am done with you and everyone helping you. I am done with Combatants, I am done with Finn, I am done with all of you. Look at that--" Jade paused and pointed to Charlie crying over the corpse. "You just killed that kid's only parent. You just orphaned a child. And there--" She pointed to someone moaning from the pain in his bleeding leg. "He might never walk again. And so many others, so many! You have ruined so many lives! But not mine. You won't ruin my life, or his life, or any more lives. You're done."
"Cute speech. We have Ian."
"What?" Jade stumbled backwards and a breath escaped her. What did he just say?
"I said that we have Ian. Y'know, that guy you dated for several years but then just out of nowhere decided to break up with? Yeah, we have that guy." The patroller/Combatant rested the gun on his shoulder. "Have him tied up and everything at headquarters."
They have Ian. Jade clenched her fists, digging her nails into her skin. They have Ian and it's my fault. She bit her lip until she could taste blood on her tongue.
It's because of me they went after him. They're using him as bait. This is my fault. They have Ian and it's my fault.
Jade pulled a pistol out of the hidden holster on her side and aimed it at the lead Combatant. He moved his from his shoulder and did likewise. Guns differed in size, but not as much as those two did; Jade's small pistol and the Combatant's long assault rifle. Patrollers on all three cars aimed theirs at her, too. Ayden did nothing but watch. The crowd behind them gasped in unison.
"Ah," the man in front of Jade said, licking his lips, "I hit a soft spot, didn't I?"
"Shut up," Jade shot back. "Where are you keeping him?"
"I don't have to tell you anything, Hero-Girl."
Honestly, Jade had forgotten all about that old exaggerated nickname; she was in no way a hero. She stomped the ground with her right foot, placing it in front of her as if to attack. The Combatant did not move, but his henchmen seemed wary. "Oh, cute," he said. "She's getting angry."