
Ayden stared at the breath leaving his mouth before disappearing in a little cloud. I won't stop until I finish that goal. And from then on, I'll make another goal. And once I finish that one, I'll make another one. And on and on and on until it's been determined that I've done enough. And I'll do it with or without anyone's help. I've done it before, I can do it again.
"I will achieve what I need. What everyone needs."
It seemed like hours before Ayden finally put his feet back on the deck. He never stopped staring at that gorgeous statue though, even as it grew smaller and smaller. There goes one, onto the next.
A loud voice booming through an intercom interrupted his thoughts. "Docking in five minutes, be prepared to get off as soon as possible. Repeat, docking in five minutes."
Ayden ignored it, leaning against the railing and admiring the view just a little bit more. Even as the loud patter of many pairs of footsteps passed by him, he kept his eyes glued on the scene of the city. Chatters and other noises were audible even from the other side of the ship, but he tuned it out, listening closely to the sound of small waves lapping against the side of the fishing vessel. Soon, he was left entirely alone on the back-most portion of the boat, free to have at least five minutes to himself.
Land approached slowly but surely, and soon they were gliding towards a wooden dock. People scurried from here and there to prepare for the disembarking. I don't want to have to leave. I've always had a strong liking for ships and boats and, well, anything that floats really.
"Bridge preparing to be connected to dock, hurry towards the exit ledge!" Ayden sighed at the sound of the intercom, parting from the railing and trudging over to the other side of the boat. Maybe I'll see Jade while I get off... Ayden's eyes widened in remembrance. That's right! Oh no, I forgot! Ah, what's wrong with me?!
He took off at a run, slamming each foot down on the deck before launching himself forward with precise speed. "Bridge connected to dock, proceed to exit the vessel." Damn intercom! He could see the crowd of people surrounding the exit ledge, waiting for their turn to leave. A steady flow of people walked down a wooden bridge that was attached to the harbor, trickling down the ramp like water from a faucet. His legs moved even faster, pumping him forward until he was close enough to touch one of the eager passengers. He slammed on his own brakes a moment to late, colliding into said passenger. The woman thankfully caught her balance and shot Ayden a nasty look.
Ayden hadn't been so lucky, and crashed to the wooden planks. His shoulder flared up in pain, and he laid there groaning for a few moments before forcing himself back onto his feet. He gripped his shoulder, moving it back and forth as he struggled to peer over the heads of the crowd he stood behind. It was slow-moving, and he was sure to lose sight of Jade at this rate. In fact, he already had.
No.
Ayden immediately forgot the pain in his arm and tried squirming his way through the crowd. That was deemed useless as it showed no signs of budging any time soon. Looks like I'm going to have to force my way through then.