
Jade kept her gun raised and kept looking around. "Cover me," Ayden said before dashing over to a ladder.
"What?" Jade didn't want to be left down there alone. Her breathing picked up and she followed him. He began climbing while Jade waited with her back turned to him.
"Wait down here. The helicopter is up here, I'm going to try to get it working for us. I need you to cover me." He was halfway up the ladder by now.
"Wouldn't it be better for me to cover you up there?" she asked. She really didn't like it down there.
"No. Stay here." And with that, he disappeared beyond her vision. Jade began fiddling with the gun handle. What if he leaves without me? A million thoughts entered her mind concerning that question.
Suddenly, she heard a banging sound coming from the right. The structure that Ayden had climbed up was circular, so she carefully craned her neck to see what had made that sound. However, there were crates just barely blocking what she needed to see. Jade hid behind them, peering over the top. There was a girl frantically trying to pick up a large crate that Jade guessed she had dropped. She watched as the girl picked up the box again and walked over to the ledge of the ship. She struggled to tip it over the edge, and Jade heard a splash soon afterwards. The girl then began walking over to the crates that Jade hid behind.
She began whipping her head around, looking for a place to hide. The crate Jade had been leaning on moved, and she fell on her shoulder on the wooden deck. She looked up quickly and aimed the gun at the girl. She dropped the crate and lifted her hands into the air. "Don't shoot, it's not what it looks like!"
Jade scrambled back to her feet and noticed that the girl wasn't wearing the uniforms the sailors and everyone else was wearing. "Who are you?"
"I'm just a person, please don't hurt me!" she begged.
"I'm not going to hurt you," Jade reassured her. "Are you supposed to be on this ship?" She lowered her gaze and shook her head. "Then what are you doing here?"
"I needed to get back to France, but no one would let us out of Ireland. Or, what used to be Ireland anyway. So my only option was to stowaway on here. Please don't tell anyone, I'm begging." She clasped her hand together. Now that Jade paid more attention to her voice, she did have a thin accent.
"You don't have to worry about me telling anyone, I'm...uh...in a similar predicament, you could say. What are you doing with these boxes, anyway?" Jade asked.
"Oh, thank you! And while I was searching for a place to hide, I opened one of these crates and saw terrible, terrible things. So I decided to get rid of them, so that eh, no one else would have to see them," she explained.
"And what exactly is in them?" Jade was actually kind of scared to hear the answer.
"Oh, I don't even want to think of them. Could you help me throw them overboard?"
"I can't. I need to go. Just...pretend we never saw each oth..." Jade trailed off, distracted by a whizzing sound dangerously close to her head. She turned around to see a sailor with a strangely shaped, thin chunk of metal protruding from his neck. His hands flew up to his now bleeding throat while making a choking sound. It lasted a few seconds before he fell to the ground, dead. Jade looked back at the girl. Her arm was outstretched, as if she had thrown something. Wonder who did that . . . she thought sarcastically.