
"Go ahead," Rick said, tossing Brad the keys. "I've never had a chauffeur before." That was always Rick alright, always that one goofy odd-ball in the group. "You know where I live, right?"
"Yeah. I've walked down the street you said you live on before," Brad said coolly. The once-team-members all walked out to Rick's bright red truck, making a click as the doors unlocked.
"How are we all gonna fit?" Jade asked, looking between Rick and Brad. She'd easily fit, but us two...
"Brad's driving, I'll ride shotgun, and there's a small seat in the middle. You'll sit there," Rick explained. Always prepared too.
Brad opened the truck's door and slipped inside. Jade swiftly sat down next to him and Rick got in after her. The car hummed to life when Brad stuck the key in the ignition, starting the car and backing out of the parking lot. Damn, it's getting dark. Brad flipped a switch that made two dim streams of light shine against the road ahead of them.
"When was the last time you changed the headlights?" he asked.
"Don't ask me, I haven't been in charge of it the past few months. I'll ask my buddy when we get there," Rick said.
The drive continued on in silence for a while,  before Jade broke it. "Hey, uh, do you guys hear that?"
"Hear what?" Rick and Brad asked in unison.
"It sounds like a girl screaming." Jade scrunched up her nose. "It's kind of disturbing actually. Reminds me of something I went through back in high school."
Brad turned his head to look at her, searching her face for any sign of something. Maybe she's one of those people that hear voices? What are they called again? Scrits, no. . .aha. Schizophrenic. Oh man, I hope not. I've already gotten involved with someone that held a knife to my neck, I don't need to be surrounded by any more crazies. Although, Lea was kind of cute when she tried to slit my throat. . .
"Look out!" Jade screamed, pointing at the road. Brad turned his head back to the road and saw someone crouching in the street straight ahead. The only thing he had time to do was to honk his horn and slam on the breaks. But it was too late. The truck shook to a stop and there was a sickening sound of something impacting with the front of the vehicle.
Jade climbed over Brad's lap and pushed open the door, jumping out and falling on her hands and knees. She quickly got up and ran in front of the car. Her eyes widened, almost popping out of her head, and a blood-curdling scream followed shortly after. Her hand flew up to cover her mouth and she ran back to the open door of the car.
"Are they...?" Brad asked, not wanting to know the answer.
"It's Lea."
He simply sat there, giving her a blank stare, as if not believing what had just been said. Jade whipped her hand over to Brad's side, reaching her hand into his pocket and pulling out the phone that resided there. She turned it on and walked over to the sidewalk, with her back turned to where Lea lay. She'll take care of calling an ambulance, now what do I do. . .?
Curiosity caused Brad to slip out of the truck and take cautious steps towards the front. His eyes were squeezed shut, for the fear of what he might see when he opened them. What if she's all mangled and deformed? Because of me? He couldn't take the suspense any longer, and snapped his eyes open to take in the sight on the ground in front of him.