
Jade had to peel her eyes away from the sight at some point, so she decided then was as good a time as any. Almost as soon as she turned away she began moving faster, mostly just to get away from what she had just witnessed.
Her traumatized mind was so jumbled that it wasn't allowing her to pay much attention to her surroundings, and her shoulder rammed into the wall. Almost immediately after that, the massive garage door slowly inched open. She looked down to the spot she had hit with her shoulder, noticing a big red button. Well. That was convenient.
Instinct came before thinking and Jade ducked under the door and bolted for the safety of the trees. Then she remembered Brad. I am not about to leave him in there to burn! She wheeled on her heels, heading back inside, and sliding on her stomach for no apparent reason as she went under the door. I'm not exactly in the right state of mind right now.
As she looked up she saw a blackened figure; one that was covered in ash and soot. "Go! Go now! Don't wait for me! I'm behind you!" it yelled.
Jade couldn't move. All she could see was the  thirty foot tall flames licking at the ceiling, heading straight towards her. The bright oranges and reds entranced her, hypnotizing her to stay. It's so beautiful, yet so terrifying at the same time. Terrifying...oh shit.
A large force knocked her back into her senses again. Brad had ran into Jade to get her moving again, and it proved useful. She jumped to her feet and followed close behind Brad, almost stepping on his heels as she ran faster than she ever had before.
The fresh air was sweet compared to the smells of smoke, gasoline, and burning flesh. "Keep running!" Jade screamed. It was more for her own sake, not Brad's.
The two bolted as if their lives depended on it. Which it did. When they were about one third of the way back to the safety of the shadows, Jade risked a glimpse behind her. The inferno must've gotten to the tanks, because there was a massive explosion occurring. The fire blew out the windows and any opening, even making it's own. The bright heat came barreling at her through the massive doors, two tunnels of flame and heat.
The blast caught up with them, blowing both Brad and Jade soaring into the air. Jade was in flight for a small instant before she saw the ground coming at her face at jarring speeds, and she put her arms in front of it for protection. She hit the ground with a thud and slid a few dozen feet across the grass, small pieces of flaming debris floating through the air around her.
Her face was tickled by the soft blades of green grass, and Jade felt like staying there for the rest of eternity. Okay, that was an exaggeration. More like five minutes. Something grabbed her arms and hoisted her back to her feet, letting Jade lean on it for support. She had been pulled up so that she faced the warehouse. Or, what used to be the warehouse anyways. It was more like a massive chunk of blackened metal, ashes surrounding the ground around it and flames still shooting out through the door and windows.
Rick and Lea are gonna question us without a doubt.