
"Oh, sure you are. Come on, we'll get to the hideout and I'll bust out that pack of hot chocolate I found, and start a fire in the Centre, and you'll be warmed up nice and quick. How's that sound?" Ayden said, a nervous smile playing with his lips.
Logan shook his head again.
"Here, I'll help you up," Ayden said. His hand landed on Logan's shoulder but was only shook off. "Logan, we need to get out of here. I'll carry you. Roll over." Logan refused. "Suit yourself." He wedged his hands under Logan's side and rolled him onto his back. By the face he made, Ayden wished he had never done that.
In the center of Logan's shirt there was a circular hole about the size of a small rock, and surrounding that hole was an expanding circle of an almost black shade of red. Where Logan once laid, there was a large puddle of bright red being absorbed into the ice, forever stained into the lake until warmer weather would come. The boy gave out a pained moan and the sound made Jade instinctively raise her hands to cover her mouth.
Ayden had no words. Nobody did. Nobody but the boy himself. "Ay-Ayden?"
The sound of his name shocked him back into speaking. "Logan, oh my god, Logan. No, no, you're fine. This can be fixed, I can fix this. Don't shake your head at me, I can fix it." Ayden removed his jacket in a panicked flurry and pressed it against Logan's stomach. The boy's face contorted into something of sheer pain. Ayden saw this and jerked the jacket away. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I can stop the bleeding though, just hold tight so I can stop the bleeding." He applied it to the wound again, and his patient let out a tiny shriek of hurt.
Logan reached over and grabbed Ayden's wrist. "Please st-stop."
Ayden traded his grip on the jacket for Logan's hand. "You'll be okay, I can carry you to a hospital. You'll be fine. We'll be fine." He moved to lift him up, but another shriek of pain made him stop. There was no moving the kid.
This realization seemed to hit Ayden too, for his bottom lip jutted out and began quivering. As much as he tried to hide it, he was faltering, he was going against his motto of never showing weakness. No one would hold it against him, though. Everyone felt for the kid. He was just a kid. And, despite everything Ayden said, Logan was not budging from the spot he lay in now, and he would not be okay, and he was not fixable. It was evident by the lack of blood in his face, or anywhere, really. Whatever had given him a healthy, bright glow before was flowing out of him each second.
"Logan, don't do this. Don't do this to me, to yourself, to all of us." From where she stood, Jade could see Ayden's wet eyes. Hers were the in the same state. "You've been like a brother to me, kiddo. You're my family now. You can't leave your family behind, you can't. Not like I did, you can't be like me, you can't leave. Don't leave."
Those last two words pained Jade beyond what she was already feeling. As much as Ayden would deny it, he and Ian were more alike than twins. That short phrase just had to be said by both of them for her to realize it. And it made her want to cry, all on top of Logan's state. But the tears never fell, and her eyes preferred a clear screen in front of them, not a blurry sheet of tears that would deform her surroundings.
Jade was so wrapped up in her discoveries that she hadn't seen Logan reach into his pocket and pull out a rectangular, black object. He held it before his face now. "I won't leave. As long as you have this, we'll always be with each other." Ayden was already shaking his head, a pained look on his face different from that of Logan's. "Take it. And I'll never be far. Right there in your pocket, or your hand, or wherever you keep it." Ayden shook his head more violently this time, but Logan thrust the domino into his hand. The leader stared down at the small object.