
"Well, damn." All three of them turned to face the leader of the Enemies, who was one of the few still standing. Those standing behind him were already starting to leave, leaving him by himself. "I was waiting for this to end already. It was like fifty shades of my katana-wielding idiots. I take it that this is my cue to leave, which I will do. But first." He clasped his hands together behind his back, standing up somewhat straighter. "Heed this warning. All three of you. And pass the word along to all of your little followers. I will find you, and I will kill you. Every last one of you. Sure, you beat my group of weaklings, but this was nothing compared to what will come after you. An army, if things escalate to that point. Not to mention all of the others out for your blood. And no matter what, when that day comes, you will not be prepared, and you will not live."
Ayden took one step forward, arms at his sides and back straight. "Tell your followers that I say the same thing. When that day comes, we'll be fighting back just as hard. And even if I don't live, I'll still win. Keep that in mind while you're sitting in your hideout like the coward you are."
The man simply waved a hand at him without care, turning around to leave. "Right, right. And I'm the queen of England. See you soon, Ayden. Farewell, Kane. And I look forward to seeing you again, Jade. Alright, I'm outtie." And with that, he disappeared into the shadows, probably already scheming his next ambush.
Jade looked first at Ayden, then at Kane. They stared at each other, her in suspicion, and him from under his hood. After an awkward moment of staring, Ayden moved between the two. "Oh, where are my manners? Kane, this is Jade. Jade, this is Kane," he said, confirming what Jade already knew.
The stares continued, and no one spoke a word. He expects me to befriend this guy after I just saw him kill dozens of people ruthlessly by shoving a machete inside of them to end their lives? I mean, just look at all of these bodies, dead by that guys hands. He doesn't even look fazed by it, hell, he could end me right now, just like that, with the snap of a finger, and Ayden expects me to...to...
A dizziness overcame her, and she felt herself begin to sway slightly in place. Kane spoke for the first time in a friendly manner. "Hey, uh, Ayden? Your friend there doesn't look too good."
A blur of fiery red turned in her direction, but that was all she could make out with her unfocused vision. The swaying got worse, and she was struggling to stay standing. "Jade? Are you okay?"
"Did you even hear what I just said? If she doesn't look good, she probably isn't feeling good either. Oh, and I've been meaning to ask, what the hell happened to your face?"
"Shut it, Kane. Jade?"
Jade's legs gave out and buckled under her, and she felt herself plummeting to the ground. It was an odd feeling mixed with the dizziness, and the blurry vision, and the three red-heads lunging at her. A pair of hands caught her just before she hit the ground, and she was lifted into the air.
"Jade? You okay? Don't you dare say a word, Kane, 'cause I know you want to. I think she's passing out. Jade?"
The voice was getting quieter and quieter with every word they spoke, and Jade decided to just tune it out altogether. She moved her eyes up at the ceiling, feeling extremely tired all of a sudden. That dome really needs fixed. Her eyes closed, and she gave up, succumbing to the unconsciousness.
Only one word made it to her ears before she passed out completely. "Shite."