
Jade looked to the right and saw a helmet just like her own. The helmet stared back at her; it was Ayden. They nodded at each other and moved forward, getting closer the more they moved. Soon they stood just next to each other. There was still a large distance between them and what Jade decided to call patrollers. She really had no idea what they were doing, or why they were there, but she did know that they had some relation to the ones she had experienced before.
She would not be chased down by such oblivious cowards again.
A piece of metal glinted in the light of the lamp-posts on either side of the street; bullets being shoved into a large black gun they each held. Jade counted how many of them there were. Four, five, six. Six patrollers. Six guns. Unknown amount of ammunition. Wonderful. But what the patrollers didn't know was that there were eight Rebels with something stronger than any weapon.
Well, they had weapons too, but come on, dramatic effect.
Jade's eyes scanned every inch of them, from the helmets that covered half their face to the gun, from the laced boots to the belts that were strung with extra bullets and had just a smidge of green peeking out from above their pants...
She looked closer at that line of green. One of them shifted, and the end of a green ribbon slipped out. It was a small hint, but it was enough for her. "Combatants," she whispered.
"What?" Ayden asked.
"Look at the center guy's waistline. Green ribbon. Combatant."
"Why are they here? Come on, closer."
They were almost at the front now. No one seemed to notice that they were out of place. Except for one person.
Something tugged at Jade's pant leg, and she looked down at the source. That same source spoke. "You look cool. Like a superhero or a racer!"
"Charlie?"
"How do you know my name?"
Jade got in a crouch. "It's me, Jade. Remember me?"
Charlie's mouth curled into an "o" shape and he jumped up and down. "Yeah, yeah! I remember you! Oh, meet my mommy! She brought me here 'cause I don't have a babysitter and my dad is dead so he can't do it." He grasped Jade's hand and tugged her closer to the front of the crowd.
"Hey, hold on kid, I can't--"
Jade bumped into someone in the front and they lurched forward, palms gripping the side of one of the cars. A patroller was startled and turned the gun on the protester.
Bang.
All at once gunshots filled the air, and Jade pushed Charlie to the ground, out of fire. When the shots ended people were groaning and writhing in pain on the street. Those who weren't shot, which was the majority of the crowd, just stared at those who had been in shock.
"Mommy?" Charlie was bent over a woman with a growing dot of red on her stomach.
"Oh no..."Jade breathed out.
"Mommy, what happened? Mommy? Are you okay?" No response from the woman. Charlie just became an orphan. "Mommy, why won't you say anything? Mommy?! Mommy! Wake up!" Charlie patted his mother's face and placed his head on her stomach, then began to sob.
Every memory of that child flashed through Jade's mind, from when she had first saved him from the daycare to when she had conversed with him on the lifeboat. He had been everywhere since day one. And now he had close to nothing. This is not right.