
"They are."
The motorcycle was zooming far above the speed limit, and the bridge was getting closer and closer with each passing second. Jade's stomach tightened in excitement. And to think I wasn't going to get on this thing.
"Close your eyes," Ayden said. Jade did it without question. They picked up in speed several gears, and her stomach lurched. After jerky twists and turns they finally started going straight again, and she was told to open her eyes. They were on the bridge.
The river flew before her eyes and soon they were off, headed down another road. Around would be a better word. They were speeding around the Lincoln Memorial; one of the white buildings she had seen from afar. Although she didn't see the front, where Lincoln would be visible, she knew he was there, and that Martin Luther King Jr. had given his speech on the front steps. Decades of difference, but only inches of distance. It baffled her.
They turned down another street. Jade strained her ears to listen for the hum of other vehicles behind her. A game of following the leader.
"Look right, hurry, before the trees block it!" Ayden hollered. Jade did, thinking it was dire. It wasn't, at least, not to her. "The Washington Monument." It looked just like it did earlier, except a hundred times larger. Its base was surrounded by several American flags, each one proudly showing off their stripes and fifty stars.
"Is there a reason you're going by all of these monuments?" Jade asked.
Ayden was silent for a minute, but eventually confirmed. "I've made a mental list of all the places I want to visit before I die. The Statue of Liberty; check. Lincoln Memorial; check. Washington Monument...check. There's still a long list left, but at least I've got some."
"You keep getting more and more interesting the more I'm around you."
"The feelings mutual. Next up, the White House!" Ayden jerked the bike down another street and picked up speed again. This thing seems to have no end to how fast it can go. Let's hope I don't vomit before we get to the destination.
After another several turns, they were in front of the White House. I've been inside there before...and to think, now I'm outside, speeding around on the back of a motorcycle, chasing oppressors. Never would've thought...
"Life is strange," both Ayden and Jade said in unison. Automatically she wanted to know what made him say that. Maybe he was thinking the same thing. It could wait for later.
"The White House--check. And look," Ayden took one hand off the handle to point to the right, "Lafayette Square. The place we've been under for weeks. Well, not you or me, but the rest of them."
"It's so weird to see it like this..."
"You know what's even weirder?" Ayden asked.
"What?"
"Driving over it!" He jerked the motorcycle, like he had so many times before, so that they were heading straight for Lafayette Square. The asphalt became brick and the lamp-posts became dead trees. She heard the others close behind.
When they passed the statue in the center, of a bronze man riding a bronze horse, she felt as though they would just collapse into the ground. If I had never known what was under this I wouldn't feel the same way...stupid knowledge.
People that had been walking their dogs and having pleasant conversations jumped out of the way. Good job, we just traumatized them.
Each bike exited the Square. "Now we go straight ahead. The place the Combatants are renting out is just past Meridian Park," Ayden explained. He switched gears and Jade was positive they had hit the last one. If it goes any faster I'm going to puke on him.