
Ian lowered his eyebrows and squinted his eyes. "Y'know, silence is pretty frustrating." Nothing. "You think I'm going to die? Well, I've got some news for you, Mr. Big-And-Ominous. I know this. Everyone is going to die eventually. There's nothing you can show me that I don't already know about reality. It's all a matter of when."
Still nothing. Somewhere Ian knew that it wouldn't say anything back, but was kind of hoping for it. So he pushed. "Y'know the Halm family that used to live across the street? They're dead. The newlyweds? Dead. Officers on the cruise? Probably dead. That pilot that chased us at Grales? Dead. Cleopatra? Dead. Napolean? Dead. James? Dead. Dead, dead, dead. It's only a matter of time before anyone else I know goes on out. My fake parents, good ole' Lea, Jade, me. I am not an idiot. Everyone seems to think I am, since I'm such a 'cheerful, loud little boy.' They all said I had an 'innocent' vibe about me. God, are they wrong.
"They think I know nothing, yet they think they are invincible. Especially Jade. That's why she keeps going out on impossible...things. She believes she can not die, and will not die. She left because she didn't want to hurt me. But in all actuality, she's only hurting herself. And she'll continue to hurt herself. I tried, and tried, and tried to keep her from doing just that. But I've gone way past the point of trying. I'm done with her and her idiotic goal. I wanted to help. Not anymore. If I continued, I'd die. You're expecting me to kick the bucket now that she's gone. But, low and behold, I have no reason to. Let her have it her way. Let her inadvertently kill herself. You may be here for me, but I'm telling you, you've got the wrong person. Better get moving, because it won't be long before she's in need of your assistance."
Ian took a deep breath, and drew back a fist. The cooling system kicked up in intensity and the curtains began flapping around crazily, and the once bright light that had been curling around the bag had faded. Sky was darkening, as was the room, and the figure, and everything. "I appreciate the company," Ian said. "But I have to ask you to kindly get the hell out!" He swung his arm forward and landed a final strike against the punching bag with all of his strength. It came unlatched from the ceiling and hit the ground, landing with a large bang and making the floor shake. Ian stumbled, but caught himself before he could fall. The air conditioner kicked off, and the curtains fell back against the window frame.
Ian sighed and brought his hands up to his face to massage his temples. "That's it. I've gone mad." He looked up and stared at the phone laying on portion of the kitchen counter that he could see. "I need to get out of here."
He moved his legs quickly until he stood right next to the counter and picked the phone up from its base on the dialer. It was one of those old land-line phones, where the handset was connected to the keypad by a thick cord. The ancient thing was with the house when they had moved in, and they hadn't gotten rid of it since. As he stared at the faded numbers on the buttons, he shifted his memories around in hopes of finding someone he could call. Not his parents, that would be pointless in every sense of the word. That general that had called him weeks ago wouldn't even be an option.
Alright, who were my friends back in high school, before any of...this happened. Only three names came to mind: James, Lea, and Evan. Obviously one of them were out of the question, since he had died in a car crash. Ian had no clue where Lea would be, or if she'd even want to talk to him. But that last name, Evan, was a good start.
Ian yanked open the drawer underneath the phone open and scraps of paper flew towards him. They settled back down in the drawer and he got to work searching through the dozens of phone numbers they had collected over the years. Finally, he pulled one out with the name "Evan" scribbled hastily on it, along with questionable numbers.