
The odds certainly weren't in her favor. Suddenly, there was a loud banging sound not far behind them. Jade glanced back to see a very angry Finnian charging through the thick double doors they had just left behind. His face was contorted in fury with his eyebrows arched downwards as his beady, dark eyes locked on his foes. The redness of his face greatly contrasted against the bright, clean white of his suit. As soon as he began running in a furious manner, the duo turned around and began bolting through the corridors faster than ever before.
Jade felt a strange sense of deja vu as she turned a corner. What's up with people chasing me on boats these days? Is everyone saying, "Hashtag, let's chase Jade overboard"? Wow, old reference from the early 2000's, am I right? Not now, Jade!
The thumping of feet sounded throughout the corridors, as well as a faint panting behind. As she ran, Jade noticed something about herself for the first time. Whenever I'm put in a situation like this, all rationality leaves my brain and instinct takes over, as if leaving me with no choice. Is that a bad thing?
As if on cue, a bullet grazed the once smooth surface of the wall next to her, just barely missing the side of her face. She flinched slightly, but not much. The corridors seemed endless, stretching on and on and giving Finn the chance to make a clear shot.
Out of nowhere, a door slowly creaked open and a middle-aged man wearing a life-vest stepped out. Ayden and Jade squeezed past him, trying not to be rude despite the circumstances. Jade's shoulder slid along the wall as she compressed herself against it in the narrow space provided. A loud bang sounded to her left. Sure enough, the innocent man leaving his cabin had a gaping crimson hole in his chest, wounded by the eager bullets coming from Finn's pistol.
Ayden cursed loudly as the body fell on him. The man clutched tightly onto Ayden's shirt collar before he loosened up and impelled towards the ground, landing with one last grunt. Jade glanced back at Finn who had stopped and glued a regretful expression on his face. Maybe he's not so bad after all... Once he saw Jade looking at him, however, he went back to what she called "normal" for him, an anguish-filled visage. Never mind.
Yet again, the intense trek throughout the ship continued, with Finn stomping angrily behind the escapees. Ayden and Jade rammed into walls whenever they came to corners, and Finn always took the chance to shower them with bullets. He missed every time, his vehemence distracting his focus. The ship company certainly wouldn't appreciate their beautiful form of transportation being filled with holes every which way.
After a few more minutes of running through the massive structure, it seemed as though they had finally lost Finn. Not entirely, but for long enough to find a good enough hiding place. Ayden grabbed Jade's arm and pulled her into a narrow hall just as she was about to keep running straight ahead. He looked at her and shook his head in the direction of a flimsy door. They both jogged over to it and pushed it open; there was no handle which made it harder to steady the door once they had gone through it. The only way to see what was happening on the other side of the door was through a small, circular window cut high into the door.
Jade stepped back and discovered what kind of room they had entered. Metallic counters were placed along the walls and some were in the middle of the room. Pots and pans hung from a rack mounted to the ceiling, stoves sat motionless with pots of boiling water on them, and transparent cabinets hung high, some ajar with silverware and cooking ingredients poking out. Heavenly smells wafted in front of Jade's face, taunting her peckish stomach.