
Jade sat up straight in her chair, trying to match the generals board-like posture. Only one answer was on her mind. "I'll do it."
General Banks grinned, flashing a full set of white teeth. "Good. And about that light on the scanner, let's just say it was a defect in the equipment. You're fine. As for the information you need, you'll learn in two days. I'll send a private jet to pick you up. As a little mission-doer, you get special privileges. Now, leave, go home, get rested."
Jade obeyed and stepped outside, walking past the dozens of people still waiting outside. I wonder what kind of "missions" he has in mind.
Tomorrow would be her last day in Ohio for a while. Who knew where she would be taken?
Reality hit her square in the forehead like a baseball to the face: Ian would be here, and she would probably be on the other side of the country. They would be separated, something Ian wouldn't stand for. Please don't be too angry, Ian...
***
Jade lay on the couch in the apartment, staring up at the ceiling in dread. I'm leaving tomorrow. I have to tell him today. She closed her eyes, hoping her problems would disappear for as long as the light was gone. Nope, still there, big and loud.
She had no idea how she would break the news to him that she had to leave. The only thing she did know, though, was that he would not be happy. She also knew that the weight on her stomach was him turning her into a seat cushion. She sighed. "Off."
"Never."
"Now."
"Nope," he said, popping the "p."
"If you don't, I'll have to resort to calling you by your full name," she threatened.
That made him get up real quick. She stood up as well, and started for the bedroom. He followed, curious. "What's got you all down today?"
She ignored his question, and stepped into the room. Ian lurched forward, but it was too late. A door was slammed in his face, and the sound of a knob locking was audible. Jade kept her ear pressed against the door until she heard his footsteps fade five minutes later. Need to pack.
Jade moved across the room and stopped at the bed, dropped to the floor, and reached under the bed. "Come on, duffel bag, where are you at?" When she felt nothing but dust, she flipped the blanket covering the side up and looked at what hid underneath. A deflated football. A sock. A stampede of dust bunnies. My bag. She grabbed at it and pulled, and with it came a book.
Jade raised an eyebrow and picked it up, blowing on the fading leather cover. Puffs of dust materialized and fell. An album. I thought we lost this... Curiosity got the better of her, and she flipped open the book. Several pictures sat before her, familiar faces staring up, mocking her and her situation. One of them was of her smiling with a trout in hand, after Ian had shown her how to fish. Another one showed her on the ground holding a new football, the same one that was now dying in no-man's-land.
Her fingers carefully handled the tense pages as she flipped them, one by one, taking in every pixel of each picture forever attached to the paper as if they were sewn in with steel. At last she came to the second to last page, and with it, a wave of nostalgia swept over her. A single photo sit on the page, not glued in. She picked it up with the gentleness of a kind nurse.
Jade's frozen duplicate stared back at her, smiling, with Ian doing half the same. He was smiling, but not at the camera. He stared with a gaze so dreamlike it seemed as though he had been hit by cupid's arrow. Jade wouldn't have doubted it either, them having been so close to the sky at the top of the Ferris wheel. That photo had been taken back in high school, a few months after Jade's miraculous recovery. It had been one of the best night's of her life.