
A/N: I apologize for all of the dialogue in here. I know, it's a lot. BUT it's in the point of view of a character I particularly enjoy writing about. Hope you enjoy. Don't forget to vote if you liked it, I'd very much appreciate it! Those and comments are pretty much the only things showing me that someone has actually read all the way through, and it makes it that much easier to give shout outs! Speaking of shout-outs, I'd like to give @Rainbow_Ink one for reading through all of Part One! It really means a lot, and I bet she'd appreciate it if you all checked out her stories as well. Also, check out the song attached. I luh it. It reminds me how Finn feels about Ayden, and probably the other way around too. (Also, a photo attached of what I feel Finn might look like.)
***************************
Tic. Toc. Tic. Toc.
The hands on the clock circled round and round, never stopping, always filling the room with that loud ticking sound, that annoying toc. It reminded a certain someone of their struggles. They were always running in circles, trying to get what they wanted. Trying to make everything work out. But whenever they finally did get what they had worked so hard for, another problem arose, leaving no time to take a break, no time to relax for even the shortest of moments. No time to think.
Finnian Oyel sat in a large leather chair, hands behind his head and feet propped up on the wooden desk in front of him. His eyes drifted over to the clock, and he followed the hands with his eyes. These few minutes of simply sitting here won't last long. When something goes right, something wrong always makes up for it, and I have to be the one to fix it. A sigh escaped his lips, which were getting closer to a steaming cup of coffee by the second. The drink's scent wafted up to his nose, and he wrinkled his nose up in disgust and let his feet fall back to the floor.
"The only reason I'm drinking this is because I haven't slept in days," he mumbled to the empty room. Before pressing it to his mouth he lifted it into the air, as if giving a toast to some imaginary being. "Here goes nothing." The warm liquid travelled down the back of his throat, and he resisted the urge to throw it all back up. He slammed the cup on the desk, not moving his arm away even as the scalding liquid sloshed over the rim and onto his hand. "I think the world would be a better place without this beverage from Hell." Not even a knock on the door to his office could tear him away from glaring at the cup. Without moving his head, he called out. "Who is it?"
"Boss."
Finn let a grin creep onto his face, and he finally released his tight grip on the cup. "Come in."
The door flung open, and a man in a black suit stood in the doorway. He wore a green tie and black aviators, which hid his judging eyes. He took a step into the room before closing the door behind him and walking with long strides over to the desk in the middle of the room. Finn leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms over his white button-up, still smiling at the man. "Take a seat, why don't you?"
The man only frowned. "I'm fine standing."
"Suit yourself." Silence fell over the two, and they participated in an unofficial staring contest, unblinking as they watched each other. Tic, toc. Tic, toc. The sound irked Finn, and he broke the quiet just so he didn't have to listen to it. "What do you want?"
"I have news of the Combatants."
"The Combatants? You mean those extremists who dress like bleached ninjas?"
The man nodded, and continued. "I've done some research, and from what I found they really have it out for the Rebels."