

As she walked up to the "lunch line," as she would forever call it, heads began turning in her direction. Jaws dropped and fingers poked arms, causing more eyes to land in her direction. Jade looked down at herself. Maybe it's what I'm wearing? She craned her head around to look at Banks. Or maybe because he's here?

Jade awkwardly moved along in the line, getting a pile of food tossed onto her tray at each stop. The eyes of the soldiers bored into her back, and she made several glimpses behind her. By the time they got to the end of the line, Jade became unable to keep her thoughts to herself. "Why are they all staring?"

General Banks held up a finger. "Hold on, I've got this." He turned to face the curious heads and growled at them. "Turn around and mind your own business!" They obeyed immediately, and Banks faced Jade again. "Anywho, they recognize you from the news. The mysterious hero. And the mysterious hero was becoming a soldier. And seeing you by my side is even more of a shock to them. They envy you." He said it as though it were obvious.

Jade stopped mid-stride. They...they envy me? She faced the large crowd of soldiers munching down, some of them giving her sideways glances of curiosity. They've probably been here for years and are ten times better than me at this kind of stuff. There's no way they envy me. Jade picked up her walking again and followed close behind Banks. They're the real heroes.

They didn't sit with the others though; they stepped inside a roped off area in the corner and sat down, scooping the piles of mush into their mouths. This is disturbingly good, considering its appearance. Kind of like what Maloy said about me. I just hope he doesn't think of me as a food.

As they ate, Jade noticed how silent they were compared to the other soldiers. She didn't necessarily mind the quiet, it just felt odd to her. Banks coincidentally chose then to speak.

"You have absolutely no idea what you might be capable of, Maliks. Give it time and you'll realize." Banks stood up from his seat and walked away, tossing his tray away and exiting the cafeteria.

******
"Rise and shine, Maliks! You're lucky I let you sleep in until seven today. But that's only because it's your last day, and you're so nice to me all the time. Are you even hearing any of this? Maliks!"

Jade rolled off the bed she had gotten used to over the weeks, just a bantam mattress with a thin sheet of fabric to cover herself with. She made her way to the door and flung it open, meeting the cheery visage of the general she had come to form a camaraderie with. It wasn't intentional; she knew it was all too unusual for a general to befriend his soldiers. But she was no ordinary soldier either, and they found themselves speaking even as she shot rounds into targets and landed punches into sacks hanging from the ceiling.

"Nice to see you're still breathing. I thought you'd died in your sleep; maybe the extra hours gave your mind a nice little seismic disturbance," Banks said cheerfully.