
"Sixtine. I like it, it's original." Jade was speaking honestly.
"Thank you. That's a first. Everyone else usually says things like, 'Oh, that's weird,' or, 'Why don't you change it? I would've.' I always ignored it of course. I like my name as well." Jade thought she saw Sixtine's lips perk up just a bit. "Wait." Her smile quickly faded. "This is an Enemy helicopter. If anyone sees us we'll be shot down, right?" she asked.
"You're right," Ayden finally said. "We need to do something to show them we're not one of their opponents." He began searching the back of the helicopter. "Like a sign or something . . . Wait, Sixtine. You called them Enemies. You're against them too?"
"Of course. They came to my home country and burned my house down, along with others. They killed my family." Her eyebrows lowered and the corner of her mouth pulled downward, making her look menacing and unforgiving. "If you guys are trying to disrupt them too, count me in."
"I'm sorry about your family," Jade said softly.
"It didn't bug me as much as it should have. It's the fact that they walked all over everyone that really boils my blood. They think they own the world. That's all about to change. Hopefully you'll help me? Maybe the three of us could pull off something as huge and groundbreaking as that ammunition warehouse hit-and-run, right?" she joked.
Jade put her hand on the back of her neck and looked out the window. "Heh, right." If only they knew.
"You okay, Jade?" Ayden asked, leaning towards her a bit.
"Oh, just fine." She chuckled. "Just what she said brought up a memory."
"Of?" Ayden asked.. When Jade looked down and refused to answer he gave a questioning look. "Is there something ye are not telling us, Jade? Something that you're not telling me?"
"Maybe." Jade crossed her arms over her chest. "It's none of your business anyhow."
"Correction, I saved your life more than a few times. I think you owe me," Ayden said.
He has a point there..."Fine. Make sure you're sitting down though."
"Already ahead of you," Sixtine said in a cheerful voice.
"Okay, um, you know the whole warehouse thing?" Jade asked.
"Yes?" Ayden cocked an eyebrow.
"Yeah, well, that was...kinda...maybe...me that did that. With help of course." Ayden and Sixtine both whipped their heads back to look at her, jaws dropped and eyes wide.
Then Sixtine looked straight ahead again, doubt washing over her face. "Oh really? Prove it."
"And how will I do that?"
"I don't know, you tell me." She continued staring straight ahead. Jade looked over at Ayden and he gave her a look that said, "I believe you."
"Hmm...where do I start? I'll tell you the plan I used then." For the next hour or so she told them snips of what had happened on her first mission, going into full detail once she got to the warehouse part. They listened contently and once Jade was finished, Ayden just sat there staring at her awestruck yet again. Sixtine decided that she believed her and said that no one could've just made up a story that detailed on the spot.
Ayden seemed to remember something though. "Wait! The sign!" He went further into the back of the helicopter, opening and closing compartments and shuffling through the materials shoved in every available space. After a few minutes he pulled out a long, white roll of thick fabric. "This'll work. Especially with these." He held up a box of red and blue paints.