
The others finally regrouped and surrounded the leader on the ground. Maddox kicked at him and Mathias scolded his brother. "We should kill him so he doesn't bug us anymore," Maddox said.
"No," Jade said, a little too quickly. "He won't mess with us again after this."
She had no idea why she put so much trust into him. For all she knew, he could've been lying out his ass. But for some reason, she felt he was being entirely honest. She turned away from him. "He told me where Ian is. We don't need to bother him anymore."
"But--"
"You heard her, Maddox," Ayden said, "I'm sure she has a good reason for it. Now, head back to the hideout." He turned to Jade and mumbled something to Mathias, which she wasn't supposed to hear but did. "We'll catch up with you later. I'm going to take a different route."
The crowd had ran off as soon as the smoke bombs went off, and now that the smoke had cleared, the street was deserted. There was no danger, as far as Jade could see. She took her time walking to the motorcycle she had arrived on, unlike the others who had already started their engines, including Ayden. When she arrived he held out a hand, which she took, and was helped onto the back.
"So," she started, "What route are we taking?"
"I don't want to endanger the others just in case, so they'll take the normal route while we take another. It's obvious that we're on Kaneley's most wanted list."
"That's promising," Jade replied. Promising if I become someone who looks forward to imprisonment.
"Totes." Jade groaned at the voice.
"Shouldn't you be heading out, Kane?" she asked.
"I should. Thought I heard my name and came over here. Also, to inform Ayden of River's disappearance."
"What?" Ayden said, disbelieving. "He can't just leave. We made a deal..."
"You did?" Kane asked. Ayden nodded. "Hmph. We'll talk about it later. Until then, amigo."
Kane was the last to exit Jade's line of sight. Once everyone had abandoned the street, Ayden moved. He didn't just move, he moved fast. The motorcycle zoomed forward at an alarming speed, surprisingly more so than when they were going to Meridian Park. And I thought we were done with this...
Everything flashed by in a blur, and Jade was glad; she had seen enough of this place where so many had just been injured and, in few cases, killed. Even in the past. Invisible outlines of what this city had been years, decades, centuries ago were all around her.For all she knew, she could've been riding over the ground on which a war took place. And now there's more history to add.
"Passing over Little Island now," Ayden said.
"How do you know almost every little thing about DC?" Jade asked. "It's like you've spent years studying the layout."
He chuckled nervously. "Well..."
"Of course you would." She playfully tapped his shoulder. "Smart move, too. Bet you didn't think you'd need to know that so you could attempt a break-in. Which failed."
"Good thing it did. I won't bother with them right now. We're going to get Ian, first priority."
Jade went silent. It's all my fault he's in this mess.
"Jade, I promise we'll get him out of there. As much as I want to break his nose for those things he called you, he's still important to you. I can tell. And we're going to free him. Alright?" She leaned her forehead against his back and nodded so she wouldn't have to say anything. "Now that we've discussed that," he said, "Look to your right again."