
When they defeated the hill and came to flat land, Jade's breath hitched and she brought her hands to her mouth. "It's so beautiful..."
They stood in a large clearing, surrounded on all sides by ginormous trees, ones coated in thick layers of bark and widely spread apart from their neighbors. Branches and leaves beginning the death sentence known as autumn bent the light in intricate ways. Whenever a breeze passed through, they would shake and send rays dancing across a small body of water in the center.
Ian cast a sideways glance Jade's way. She was still examining the area with hungry eyes, feasting on everything they landed on. Silence was all Ian knew as he gave himself a mental "hoorah!" It was easy to tune out the flap of migrating birds, however, hard to ignore Jade's oncoming squeal. She ran forward in a burst of energy that must've come from nowhere, considering how much she had jogged, and hopped onto Ian in a hug. "This is amazing," she said.
"It's not over yet." Ian pulled away and led the way past the clearing. He stopped just before the trail took a sharp downwards slope and opened his arms wide, as if to scoop up the landscape in front of him and hand it to the eager woman peering over his shoulder.
If one was to continue down the trail they would come to a fork in the path: to the right a flat path wrapped around a massive lake and disappeared into the forest again; to the left a path ran along the lake for a time and curved towards the state's capitol, Columbus.
As expected, Jade was in awe. He practically dragged her down to the lake where she broke away and headed to the water to stick her hand in. It was as if there were millions of icicles under the surface of the lake, waiting to impale its next victim. Ian knew that the water felt anything but cold, and, figuring he wouldn't be in too much trouble, placed his foot on Jade's back and pushed.
His nonchalant whistling was like the buzz of a fly compared to Jade's shriek. When she moved her hair out of her face and tried to leave the shallow water, Ian hopped forward and made sure she was far from escaping. He wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her to increasingly deep water, only stopping when he could no longer feel the mud sifting through his toes. Ian knew this lake like the back of his hand. No fear of sharks or killer octopi eating us.
For the remainder of the hour they swam around the lake, eyes open under the water where light was deformed by ripples. When their feet found shore again, they continued on like they had never stopped for a swim in the first place. Clothes would air dry quickly. The exhaustion that Ian had felt previously was inching back into his bones, and by the time they made it to Columbus, he couldn't help but search every sidewalk for a bench.
"Hallelujah!" he cheered when he came across one. Gratefully, he plopped down and patted the spot next to him. Jade didn't even look fazed as she pulled out her phone, squinting at the screen.
Ian stretched his arms across the back of the bench and glanced at the building behind him. Strange, he thought. A fence stood tall only a few feet away from him, with barbed wire topping it off. He turned away, fearing that if he stared for too long someone would arrest him. "What're you looking at?" he asked in attempt to take his mind somewhere else.
She answered without taking her eyes off the phone. "Just this voicemail. Says it's from an emergency station or something."
Ian's eyebrows furrowed. "Play it aloud."
She tapped the screen twice and held it up between both their ears. A robotic voice shot through the speakers, preceded by an obnoxious beep. "This is a national emergency. Important instructions follow." The speaker squealed with another sound, one that stretched on for a few seconds before the voice returned. "The following message is transmitted at the request of the United States government. This is not a test. Several enemy planes have been sighted flying near the coast right after an unexplained explosion. Their exact track is unknown at this time. The Midwestern Region of the United States is in most danger.