
A concrete pillar was the only thing concealing the task-doers from the Enemies inside the building ahead of them. The headquarters was a massive white building, made entirely out of concrete and painted brick. An electrified fence surrounded the perimeter, giving it a prison-like feel. That barrier of electricity was the only thing keeping the team from moving inwards. They stared blankly at the building, peeking from the edges of the pillar.
"Well," Brad began. "Sucks for us. What's the closest place on the map, Rick?"
"We're getting in there." Jade had a sense of determination about her, it had been radiating off of her ever since she had gotten back to the overhang. And the team was beginning to notice the significant difference.
"And just how do you plan on doing that?" Lea added harshly. "Unless you have some hidden fucking superpowers, we're not getting in."
Jade went silent. Her eyes skimmed over the length of the fence, and when nothing sparked her idea-box she moved on to what was inside the fence. There wasn't much, just a few cars in the parking lot, lamp posts spreading circles of light on the asphalt, and metal poles positioned at intervals around the fence. Looking closer, Jade noticed a small box on one of those poles. That's it.
Jade reached a hand down to her belt, undoing the latch that kept her pistol from falling out. She pulled it out in the open, grasping the handle with both hands as she got into a crouching position.
"What are you doing?" Rick asked.
"You'll see," she answered. She advanced closer to the fence with her knees close to the ground, beckoning the others to follow her in the same way.
Being careful not to touch the power-infused surface, she lifted the gun up, aiming at the fuse box attached to the pole. The holes in the fence were big enough for a minuscule bullet, but only if she made the shot on the first try. Alarms and sirens would go off if it barely even skimmed the fence.
No second thoughts entered her mind, and she pulled the trigger. There were no alarms. The hum of the electrified fence simply stopped. Looking up at the box, she grinned at her success. The fuse box had a small hole in the center, the metal around it protruding slightly.
"Okay, I guess that solves one problem," Rick said. "We can't climb over, the barbed wire on top with cut us up like potatoes."
Brad playfully punched his shoulder. "Nice comparison there. But he's right. Got any more ideas up there Maliks?"
"Yes, actually." Jade was surprised at the confidence in her words. It must be one of those moods again. She faced Lea. "I need one of your knifes, something sharp and curved."
Lea eyed her skeptically. "And why should I give it to you?"
"You don't. Hand it to Brad if it'll make you feel better. He's going to saw through the fence."
"I am?" Brad raised an eyebrow. Jade nodded and gestured for Lea to hand him the knife. She did just that, reluctantly, and the team huddled around as he sawed into the metal of the fence. Once he was done, the smallest of them squeezed through. Only two of them fit; Jade and Lea.
Jade turned to face the men on the other side of the fence. "What about you guys?"
"We won't fit, and we don't have time to make the hole bigger. You and Lea have to go without us, we'll be out here," Brad explained. "Now get moving!"
The two females scrambled behind the cars, checking to see if the coast was clear at intervals. There wasn't anyone outside, no guards, no security. They must've thought their precious fence would keep everyone and everything out. Guess they were wrong.