
"I will smack the smug off your face, little man."
"Little? But you just indirectly called me fat. Make up your mind."
Jade laughed, mostly because she had no idea what else to do. Ayden shared it with her. When the expressions of mirth died down, they were left in silence to smile at each other. After a while, the smirk slowly fell from his face.
"What's wrong?" Jade asked.
He shook his head. "My eyes are open, and I see you. I see what you see."
"What--"
"What you said yesterday. About the whole lost cause thing. You're right." A soft smile grew on his lips. "I'm not a lost cause, you're not a lost cause, no one is. You're proof, and I see you."
He sees.
Ayden leaned down close to Jade's face, and closer, until his lips were hovering just above hers. "You are here," he breathed out.
When they connected Jade immediately forgot about everything that had happened to her that night, that week, that month, that year, that life. It was just those small seconds, those few minutes that still existed. Just her, Ayden, and this muddy ground. It wasn't awkward like the last time they had kissed, either. This time it came naturally.
She brought her arms up and wrapped them around the back of Ayden's neck as their lips moved across each others, fitting themselves together like two pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. Her fingers found themselves playing with the ends of his hair, the redness of it resembling a fire burning bright and fierce. Jade felt like a fire, one that could burn through anything and everything without destroying it. But how can a flame engulf something without dissipating it? Her mind would not divulge into the secrets of how, but why.
The two parted for air, something Jade had forgot existed along with her problems. Ayden chuckled. "Well, didn't expect that to happen on our little walk."
"Me either," Jade said, her arms still around him. He pulled her up so that she was sitting upright on his lap. Her hair stuck to her cheeks and forehead, coated in a thick layer of mud. She made a face and Ayden laughed, then moved the hair out of her face. His hand left a trail of dark brown on her cheek. She placed her dirt-covered hand on his face in thanks, leaving a big handprint on his. His hand covered hers.
"Well, isn't this romantic. Sitting in a river of mud," Ayden said.
"Indeed it is. You pick places nicely." A speck of cold poked Jade's nose. Then another on her cheek, and two more on her forehead. She looked up at the sky. "It's snowing."
"Jack Frost nipping at your nose?" Ayden asked before pecking her nose.
"Yeah, okay, using the snow to your advantage, I see."
He chuckled and leaned in again, and they connected all over again, with the unique flecks of white falling all around them in a flurry, leaving Jade to wonder if she had found her snowflake.

**********
I am not good with romance. This was torture for me to write. Thus, why I am never going to write something that belongs in that lovey-dovey genre. Blech.
On the bright side, the Jayden ship has sailed! WOOH! It's about damn time. Hope you enjoyed! <3