
She disappeared from his arms, slipping down underneath the surface of the water. "Jade!" He reached a hand down and found a limb. Ayden pulled on it, and up came Jade, sputtering and gasping for air. "What are you doing?!"
"I'm trying to get us out of here! There's something blocking the door, I felt it with my foot!" She paused. "Now let me go!" Jade jerked out of his grasp and disappeared below the surface yet again. He let her do so, but carefully counted the seconds passing. He decided that if she was down there longer than two minutes that he would pull her back up.
She came up once and gasped for more air before going back down. Ayden waited patiently, crossing his fingers that she could move whatever had them stuck there. The next time she came back up, she screamed. "T-there, it's a-a body!"
A chill went up Ayden's spine, and he was pretty sure it wasn't from the freezing temperatures. Come on, don't be such a pussy, he told himself mentally. He took a deep breath and let it out in a big gust. "Stay up here, I'll move it."
Ayden didn't receive a response, so he guessed that was his cue to head down. The water was now to the point where they had to keep moving their legs to stay above the waterline. He took a deep breath and reluctantly dove under the surface. Moving his arms through the arctic waters proved quite painful, but he had no choice but to keep moving. There was a miniscule light glowing on either side of the doors towards the floor. They were supposed to keep people from tripping when they entered the elevator. Who would've thought they would be used to illuminate the way to saving someones life?
Ayden's hands brushed the floor and he swept them along, trying to find the "body" in the near darkness. It was all smooth from what he could tell. After a little longer of swiping his hands across the ground he felt a thin, soft . . .something. He clutched it, rubbing a thumb along it to try to identify what it was. It's some kind of fabric. He ran his hands along it, trying to find the source of it. Eventually he came across something larger, and thicker. He couldn't quite identify what it was though.
Ayden swam out of the elevator and grabbed hold of one of the small lights near the bottom. He yanked on it and it came off easily. Swimming back inside the cramped space, he lifted the light above the object and was met with a horrible sight. Ayden immediately opened his mouth to scream for help. That was when he remembered that he was underwater. Water filled his lungs and his armed flailed frantically, trying to swim up to the surface. He broke through and coughed up the water that had tried to invade his inside.
A hand rested on his back and it remained there until he was semi-normal again. Ayden could no longer feel the floor and the ceiling was only a couple heads away. We have to hurry. He clenched his eyes shut tightly before taking another deep breath and diving back in again. It wasn't hard to find the body again; it would be hard to miss someone with one of their eyes gouged out and a long gash running through their stomach.
Ayden wedged his hands underneath the bodies back and pushed upwards. His plan was to roll him out of the way, but judging by how heavy-set this man was, it would probably be a difficult task. Especially holding his breath underwater and continuously swallowing the bile that rose up his throat every time he stared at the eye for too long.
Somehow he managed, putting all of his strength into moving the lifeless corpse onto its stomach. Ayden felt his small sense of pride diminish when he realized that he still had to move it. And the easiest and quickest way to do that would be to roll him out. Ayden mentally slapped himself and lowered his hands to the stomach. Hesitation took over his limbs. I don't want to do this . . . Come on. You've done worse. Ayden shoved his hands between the belly and the floor. A thicker substance than what he was used to covered his hands. Oh god. He got as good a grip as he could on the dead man and alternated between pulling upwards and pushing. Ayden's hand slipped at one point and he felt it get stuck inside of something warm and gooey. He fought the urge to throw up again and pulled his hand out of the gash. He strained against the weight, but wanting to get this done and over with already, he pushed the thing completely out of the way.