
Out of all things, the man smiled. And not one of those small smirks, no. He full blown stretched his lips apart, flashing a bright smile and resembling the Cheshire Cat just a little too much. "Don't worry. I'm just gatherin' up some people and taking 'em to the riot. I'm not going to do whatever ye were thinking," they said. He gave Jade another grin. "If ye promise not to run away I'll let go of your arm."
Jade eyed him skeptically before nodding. True to his word, he released his tight grip on her arm, lifting his hand up to nonchalantly "fix" his fiery red hair. "Sorry 'bout that. Didn't mean to grab ye that hard. Follow me."
The man began leading the way to who knows where. Jade took the time she had to her advantage. "There's a riot today?" she asked, trying to sound like she knew this was a familiar occurance. Not that I do, but it's as good a guess as any.
"Yeah. Tried to keep it secret so I understand why ye didn't hear 'bout it," he responded.
"What kind of riot is it?" I bet I can wheedle plenty out of him.
"The kind with signs and such. We'll try to make it peaceful as long as we can, but once those few people in the crowd break into violence that's when it'll get bloody crazy." A smug look found its way on his face. "I just so happen to be one of those few people."
Jade felt a twinge of worry inch its way into her gut. "How violent, exactly?"
"No idea. It'll be hectic though. Deaths for sure, whether it's by gunshot, mauling, or trampling. Maybe even explosives. You never know these days. If they don't fix our problem with the US, we'll take it into our own hands."
"I see." Jade didn't have much else to ask.
The man's voice became giddy again. "I wonder what faces they'll be making looking down at us. Disgust, or hopefully fear." He looked down at Jade. "Ye should stick with me during all of this. Wouldn't want a pretty face like that to get ruined."
Jade felt her cheeks heat up slightly. Maybe it'll be good to have someone helping me out here. It was decided. She'd stay with this guy as long as she could. At least, until everything hit the fan. Which he made very clear would definitely happen.
The man looked straight ahead, his voice lowering significantly. "By the way, that whole thing about ye beating me to a pulp . . . I like your defiance. Even though ye wouldn't be able to do anything like that, it's nice to see you trying."
Jade felt slightly offended, and really let it get to her more than it should have. "I see you're one of those people with an ego. One that's the size of the Titanic." She looked straight ahead as well, raising her nose into the air. "Guess what? That thing went down."
The man tried hard to conceal his laughter, covering it up with a cough. "Nah, I don't have a big ego. Just makin' it seem like I do. Actin' is an important part of life, y'know. I do it all the time."
Jade raised an eyebrow. "Oh really?"
The man didn't answer, only continued looking straight ahead. Several voice yelling at once came into earshot. They turned the corner and were faced with the same mob Jade had seen before, still protesting in front of the donation center. I should've known. . .
She looked down at her watch. Almost five in the afternoon. Her suitcase was suddenly yanked from her grasp, and her eyes widened. She turned around in a flash, seeing that the man she had been talking to earlier now held it in his own hands.