
Dodging each and every car seemed like a breeze to Ayden. Maybe it was, maybe it wasn't. Jade didn't want to figure it out herself, so she kept quiet and stared at the buildings on either side of them.
She knew from a recent newspaper article she had seen that the majority of buildings in that part of the city had been completely renovated. There were no longer small, quaint buildings lining the streets, but miniature skyscrapers. Heh, what a combo. Mini-skyscrapers...
The sky was dimming quickly. She had barely even noticed throughout the little "tour" that Ayden had embarked on. A dark blue became an almost black, and then an almost black became night.
At one point they went under a short tunnel, and the engines echoed on the walls. Then they were right back to dodging cars and running red lights. Fortunately no wrecks occurred, although there were a few close calls.
As they travelled through the streets, Jade felt as though this was the safest she had been in the past terror-filled months.
Until she heard the shouts.
Several voices hollered and yelled up ahead, and the closer they got, the more visible a large group of very angry people was. They had gathered around something and were punching the air with their fists. A couple had signs raised above their heads. And they were blocking the way to Meridian Park.
Ayden slowed down. One hand shot into the air, a signal to the others to slow to a stop. Each of them parked on the curb, out of the way and easily accessible.
One by one the Rebels got off their motorcycles and regrouped with each other. Jade took a headcount. Lino and Tempest were standing around Ayden quietly, Abril was picking at her eye patch under her helmet, the twins were chattering amongst themselves, and River was leaning against his bike. Kane was on his own route.
"What now?" Abril asked.
"We go see what's going on. It looks like a riot..." Ayden seemed to get lost in himself for a moment. Jade placed a hand on his arm and he zapped back to the present. "Keep your helmets on unless said otherwise. Follow."
They did without question. Ayden truly had a tight hold of leadership over them. But unlike others, he wasn't a dictator, and he didn't hold absolute power. He was just him. He didn't take advantage of his skill, he didn't force anyone to do something, and he made things equal. And most importantly, he took responsibility for his actions. That's more than what actual rulers and pharaohs and monarchs could say.
When they reached the back of the crowd Jade saw that everyone surrounded three cars, all positioned horizontally across the street. Even if the crowd hadn't been there, those would have been in the way.
"Come on," Ayden whispered, "Let's get in closer."
The Rebels gave each other a terse nod and took a step forward. Jade was immediately pushed forward by strangers, and there was no sign of the others. She looked around frantically for them, to no avail. No, don't panic. There's no need to panic. You'll find them eventually.
She jerked her arm away from someone who had grabbed it, and shoved those who tried urging her forward. I need to show them they can't push me around. Not anymore. No more vow, no more conforming to others whims.
Suddenly, several figures in black riot-gear jumped on top of the cars, some on hoods, some on trunks, others on the very top. A memory resurfaced: A group of people dressed just like those on the cars were beating protesters to a pulp. A wave of deja vu swept over Jade. This is a protest, just like the one where I met Ayden.