
"That's me." The man looked at Ayden like he was crazy. "You have a picture next to the person's name, right?"
"Yes, but--"
"Check it."
He looked down at his clipboard and flipped to the last page. He searched for the name and after a few seconds he looked up at Ayden. Then back down at the paper, and back at hime. "I, I, uh. . .excuse my rudeness sir. Please, through those doors."
"Now that's what I like to hear." As he walked closer to the doors he could hear some conversation.
". . .only necessary that we call up two of the courageous people that joined in along the road." There was a pause. "Ayden Crockwell and Sixtine...I can't pronounce this." That's me! "No Ayden? Shame. Guess we'll have to start with--"
"Wait! I'm here. Sorry I'm late," Ayden rushed out, bursting through the door and running up onto the stage. He spotted Jade and forgot everything that had happened yesterday between them, then and there. He strolled over, taking a spot right next to her.
"Right. Now, where was I? Oh. As I was saying, these two people have done so much to help the people we have sent over to. . ." Ayden tuned out everything he was saying as he dropped his gaze down to Jade. He never realized how short she was compared to him. She turned her head in an almost unnoticeable manner and her eyes moved up into the corners, looking up at Ayden. He quickly looked straight ahead at the crowd of people sitting at black tables, who were smiling widely at the people on stage. I don't want her knowing that I'm staring at her.
"I know that you're staring at me," she whispered. Well, shite. She stared straight ahead as well.
"Me? Staring? Ye must have the wrong idea," Ayden whispered back, joking to try to lighten the mood. The tension was so thick that someone could try to cut a hole through it, and the cutting device would've broken. She snorted, receiving a few odd looks from the crowd in response. The man up front continued talking, dragging on his speech with unneeded emphasis.
"Now, for the medals. Mr. Oyel, will you do the honors?" the man requested.
"It would be my pleasure." Familiarity ran through Ayden's mind, picking out bits and pieces of memories, connecting a voice to a face. He squeezed his eyes shut and thoughts ran rabid. How? How is he here? How is he even still alive? Is he back to get revenge? If he hurts Jade I swear I'll kill him!
"The Medal of Valor, awarded to Rick Martise. Nice aim I've heard you have." Ayden kept his eyes closed as the voice got closer and closer. "The Medal of Valor, awarded to Lea Carter. General Banks told me you're a feisty one." Laughter erupted through the crowd at the statement, but Ayden only winced. The way he said it made it sound like he was adding her to his To-Finish-Off-Later-List. "The Medal of Valor, awarded to Bradley Nise. Hope you're as kind as your name says you are," he joked.
"The Medal of Valor, awarded to Jade Maliks. I've heard wonderful things about you, miss. I hope I'll get the chance to talk to you about them sometime. Perhaps even sometime on this cruise. " It's official, he's asked for his death sentence.
"The Medal of Valor, awarded to Ayden Crockwell. You're a clever one, or so I've heard. 'Ave some experience with getting out of tied up situations?" Ayden opened his eyes to see Finn staring straight at him, smiling like a maniac. "Ah, not much of a talker, aye? I'll move on then." He clipped something onto Ayden's suit before moving on.
"The Medal of Valor, awarded to Sixtine Rayhum. Piloting skills are always helpful."