
"Okay. I'm going to go now, and when I do go, I want you to get yourself something good to eat, and I want you to clean up and get lots of rest." She continued speaking to Ian as if he were a scared little child. He certainly felt like one at the moment. Ian remained silent.
Jade sighed. "I love you. Don't ever forget that. I promise I'm going to make it back."
"I love you too. And don't keep me waiting, I have a surprise for you when you come back," Ian said. Wow, those words feel great coming out of my mouth.
"Ha, I bet it's just another one of your pranks. Well, I've gotta go. I've run out of quarters. One of them fell in the sewer grate, and I ain't going down there for anything. I'll see you soon, Ian."
Deadline.
Ian continued talking to the phone even after it went silent. "I'll see you soon."
++++++
"You litt--!" The elevator doors closed before Lea could finish her sentence. "Wait! I wasn't done with her!" She proceeded to bang on the reflective metal doors. Her fists flew into the hard material and before long her fists were bleeding, trickles of dark, crimson red painting her knuckles. After she felt she couldn't take any more of the pain shooting through her hands, she finally halted and backed into the elevator wall behind her. Her reflection on the doors was staring back at her, a fury-driven mockery of who she was. The blood from Lea's hands was smeared all over the doors. What's wrong with me? What have I done?
Lea lifted the bloodied hands to her face and the reflection imitated the movements, wiping the blood on her cheeks in the mirroring doors. The eyes were dark, slightly sunken in, and the cheeks had hollow caves moving along under the cheekbones. Chapped lips were pressed in a thin line, parallel to the eyebrows that were furrowed together in concentration, watching Lea as she watched it. Her short brown hair found itself wrapping around her bony fingers, getting tangled and knotted as Lea yanked and pulled at it. That annoying twat will fucking pay! Fucking pay! For every wrong she has done to me!
The doors slid open, splitting the cruel reflection in half. Lea walked with powerful strides out into the headquarters lobby and past a few people waiting to talk to someone about who knows what. Some of them turned to look at Lea, in curiosity and concern. A couple of them began walking in her direction, and Lea begged to an internal being that they would pass her and be on their way to someone else.
"Are you okay ma'am? Should we call someone?" someone asked Lea. Of course not. Nothing ever goes my way.
"I'm fine. I don't need anyone," Lea responded dully, scowling at the woman. Her shoes dragged along the carpet, almost tripping a few times as she made her way to the exit. The man behind the lobby desk leaned far over his counter, calling over to the distressed woman.
"Should I get the first aid kit for you? Hold on, I'll go back and get it. Mary, tend to her while I'm gone." He ducked under the desk, the wood panels obscuring Lea's sight of him. A young woman instead took his place and stepped up to Lea, grasping her arm and bringing the stained hands up to her face.
"Can you not?" Lea asked with clear annoyance in her voice.