
"I don't hear anything."
He held up a finger, silencing her. "Listen."
Jade tuned out everything. Her breathing, his breathing, everything. After a moment of silence, she thought she heard a few footsteps coming from a hallway. "What is that?" she whispered.
"I don't know. Stay here." Ayden took a step towards one of the halls. But that was as far as he was able to go before a familiar voice stopped him.
"Wonderful running into you two again. It's some great luck we have. I didn't even get to say goodbye." Clear footsteps came from the hall they had just come from, getting louder with each passing second. The first thing to materialize from the shadows was a white boot, then two green ribbons, then a white head. The mouth was still unlaced, making his words clear, not muffled. "I guess I'll be able to now that I've--we've--found you. Come on, no need to hide any more guys!"
At first Jade was confused as to why he yelled that last sentence, but the groups of figures in white coming from each hall were explanation enough. Three more showed up behind who Jade figured was their leader, the one with the unlaced mouth. There was no way out. There was no escaping this time. And Jade was wrapped up in this only because she had agreed to join Ayden. I should've never done this. She mentally slapped herself, much like she had done several times before. No. I was meant to do this. If I'm going down, I'm going down strong. Right next to Ayden.
Jade stood back to back with Ayden, and glared at the group in the hall just ahead of her. She could hear some of them snickering, but one of them lightly smacked another and the sounds stopped. Ayden's voice boomed behind her, and she leaned into him more. "Why don't you just let this go?"
"We're not very forgiving people."
"Speak for yourself," Ayden spat. "These people are probably only going with everything you say because they're too cowardly to stand up to you themselves." One of the figures made a move to approach the two, but the same one that had made them stop snickering held that one back. Looks like at least one of them has some decency. Ayden began speaking again, this time sounding like he was giving up. "Look, at least let Jade go. She has nothing to do with--"
"No." Don't talk like I'm not right next to you.
"Jade, stop, I'm trying to get you out of--"
"No!" She stepped away from Ayden, and he turned to face her in confusion. "Stop deciding things for me!"
"Jade, you're being ridiculous. Just let me talk to him."
Jade took two long strides up to him, staring up at him with fire in her eyes. "I'm done having things decided for me. I'm not a child. If I want to die, I'll die. If I want to live, so help me I will live! Whether you, him, or anyone likes it or not!"
Ayden was shocked for a moment, but that shock was soon replaced with a smile. "I've been waiting for a little outburst of defiance from you for a while now. Glad to see it's back."
The man in white yawned, bringing both of their attention over to him. "Well, isn't this just adorable. I'm afraid I'm going to have to cut this short though. It was nice knowing you Ayden, and a pleasure to meet you, Jade. Now, if you don't mind I kind of have to speed things up here. I have a schedule to stay on top of."
Ayden held up a finger. "Give me a minute."
The leader sighed. "Alright. I guess I can make my people run to the next stop after this. I'm nothing if not reasonable and considerate."