
She'd better be okay. If she's not, I'll never forgive myself. Brad was sitting in the hospital waiting room to see Lea. There was a police-man escorting him, just in case he tried to pull something "funny." The only reason they were even letting him see her was because Rick had told them that they were all good friends with each other. He had even brought a photo of the group as proof. That was Rick alright, always thinking ahead. Lea was always the one to get things done quickly. Jade was the rational one. Brad though . . . he didn't know who he was. And he would probably never know.
A nurse walked out to greet Rick, Brad, and the uncaring cop. "You're here to see Lea, is that right?"
"Yeah. Is she okay? Where is she? Is there anything we can do?" Brad asked eagerly.
"Slow down, slow down. She's being wheeled into her new room and being hooked up to the machines she needs. She just got out of surgery. I'm afraid there's nothing you can do but comfort her," she responded.
"But is she okay?" Brad asked roughly.
"She will be," the nurse responded.
"What's that supposed to mean? Will?" She's making me want to punch her. Brad clenched and unclenched his fists, repeating the same fingers curling over and over again. It's a simple yes or no question!
Eyeing his hard fists, the nurse waved Brad and Rick forward. "Follow me, please." Reluctantly Brad followed, with the cop behind him and Rick behind the cop. Eventually, they were stopped in front of a closed door. "It will only be a few minutes. Wait here please."
"Then what was the point in bringing me here if I would be waiting even longer?" Brad mumbled under his breath. He walked over to the miniature waiting room in the corner in only a few strides, his long legs bending as he took a seat in one of the uncomfortable chairs. He rested his elbows on his knees, supporting his face with his hands.
Why? What did I do to deserve this? What the hell has happened to my life? His mind was swirling with thoughts and questions that would never be answered. It all started when he lost his brother. That's when all the bad luck flooded in and swept little ole' Brad away. He felt a hand pat his shoulder. Rick saw the pain that he was in and was now trying to comfort him. However, no amount of reassurance would help him now. Brad felt that he was too deep in the ditch to be able to climb out at this point.
As Brad sat there, contemplating and questioning himself, the strong smell of antiseptic surrounded him, pulling into a vortex of memories.
"Is he okay? Tell me if he's okay? When can he come home? Where is he? Where's my brother? Is there something I can do to help him get better quicker?" Younger Brad took a step closer to the doctor, tugging on his long, white coat. He looked down at the little boy, pitying him. Bending over to his height, the doctor placed a hand on the boy's shoulder, silencing his questions.
The two adults standing a few feet behind the child that could be no more than nine years old awaited what would be said patiently, chewing their nails and wringing their hands. The doctor looked the young boy in the eyes, dreading what his reaction might be. "I'm told your name is Bradley, right?" The boy nodded. "Well, Bradley, I. . .the thing is . . . your brother got caught in the middle of a terrible fight after school. Apparently, two of his classmates were fighting in a alley not far from the high school, and your brother tried to break it up. One of them pulled out a knife and he was stabbed several times. Someone called the cops and he was brought here." The doctor rubbed his forehead with his free hand, finding the inexperienced eyes of the child in front of him boring into his own. He hadn't ever experienced death before. Finding no other way to say it, the doctor gave it to him straight. "Your brother is dead."