
Jade's eyes landed on the nightstand next to the bed, and she took a few long strides over to it. Her fingers wrapped around the cool handle of the drawer, and she yanked it open. A small bottle rolled towards her, and a set of keys were visible. That wasn't what she deemed useful though. She reached inside and pulled out a small rectangular metal box. The lighter was shoved into her pants pocket. "I'll leave the rest here." She closed the drawer and walked over to the bedroom door. Before she exited the room, she lifted a hand up to her neck. Making sure the emerald necklace from the diary was still there, she took a deep breath, slung the bag over her shoulder, and opened the door.
Ian was standing back admiring his work at putting the Christmas tree together in the living room. He heard Jade's footsteps and turned around, smiling wildly. "This was a piece of cake. All it took was a little bit of concentration and the tolerance for getting smacked in the face with all these fake branches. I even got the lights halfway strung on. It's almost ready to start decorating. I'm so excited! I love the holidays!"
"I know you do." Jade shifted the bag on her shoulder, trying to keep it from falling off.
"What's that for? Ah, doesn't matter. I'm gonna finish stringing these lights. Actually, talk to me while I'm doing that." Ian bounded over to the tree again and continued to wrap the string of lights around the tree.
"Yeah, about that. I actually do need to talk. But I'd prefer you were looking at me while I did."
"What for? I can listen just fine from right here."
"I know, but..." It'll be easier this way. "Never mind."
"Okay." Ian moved around the tree, the lights trailing behind him as he adjusted them. "Again, what's the bag for?"
"It's..." Come on, deep breaths. You can do this. "It's to hold the things I've packed."
"Packed for what? Are you planning a secret camping trip for us?" Ian looked up for only a moment to give her a goofy grin. He then returned to stringing the lights.
"No, not a camping trip, and not for us. Just me."
Ian furrowed his eyebrows slightly as he stared down at his handiwork. "What are you getting at?"
"Well, um, it's really hard times right now, and uh, stuff."
"Hold on, hold on. Before you say anything else just let me get this last row done." Ian finished off with the lights and stood up, reaching a foot over and stepping on a switch on the floor. The green artificial leaves of the tree were illuminated by dozens of tiny, colorful lights. Bulbs of orange, red, blue, green, and purple lined the fake branches and brightened the room, giving it a cozy feeling. For a short moment Jade forgot everything and became wrapped up in a flurry of holiday memories, but soon shook them away. "Isn't it great? This was always one of my favorite parts. Now, what you were saying?"
"Oh, right. Well, I..." Get it out already. "I'm going away."
Ian raised an eyebrow, a small flicker of worry in his eyes. "Going away to the grocery store or someplace like that?"
"No. Away away. As in out of state. Out of country, actually."
"What?!" Ian jumped backwards into the wall and began drumming his fingers along it. After a short moment, he let out a breath he had been holding and grinned. "Ha, you really got me there. Getting a head start on April Fools', are we? You just wait, I'll make a prank so out of this world you'll be laughing and mad at me for weeks."