
What have I gotten myself into this time? As Jade's eyes squinted trying to adjust to the light, she noticed the people standing around her. Judging by their attire, she guessed that they were I.T's. Great. Just wonderful. This is what I get for trusting people. Surprisingly enough, she didn't feel panicked whatsoever. There was a slight tugging at the back of her mind though, as if it were trying to tell her something, to bring something to her attention. Speaking of minds, the back of her head was throbbing painfully, and each thump sent a wave of hurt through the skull. Jade grimaced painfully and closed her eyes, and this must've caught the attention of one of the people standing before her because he began speaking.
"Ah, I see that you are awake. Got a headache, eh?" Jade opened her eyes and examined her captor. He wore a black suit with a green tie, and black sunglasses kept his eyes obscured. He had dark brown hair, almost black and untarnished fair skin. His jaw was tight and he had an official look about him. "Not much of a talker I see. This won't be very fun for you then."
"Who are you?" Jade asked, ignoring his comment.
"Let me explain the rules of this game. I ask the questions and you answer. Not the other way around. If you cooperate maybe we'll drop you into the ocean without too many injuries. Understand?" He raised a bushy eyebrow above the rims of his glasses.
Jade tried getting up, but to no avail. Her feet were tied to the legs of the chair and her hands were behind my back, both bound by thick rope. "Let me go!" she shouted at them while trying to tug her hands free.
"I'll pass. Now." The man looked at one of the three people that were standing behind him. "You stand outside and guard the door. You--" He turned to the remaining two people. "--Stand on opposite sides of the room and record what she says." Everyone went to their stations and got ready to begin "working."
"What are you going to do?" Jade asked, shrinking into her chair as he stepped closer.
"Do you not remember the rules? Oh, no matter. You'll remember soon enough." He got down on his knees and became eye level with Jade. "Let's get to it then. First question. Who are you and where are you from?"
"If I'm correct, that's two questions," Jade retorted.
"Hmm. You remind me so much of Ayden. Sounds like something he would say." The man pulled out a thick knife and brought it up to the youthful woman's lip, pricking it with the blade. "Mhm, I don't like Ayden. Now answer."
"I have no reason to tell you anything." Jade raised her chin into the air, showing how she possessed no fear towards him.
"Maybe this will change your mind." She felt a sharp pang in her left leg, and cried out in pain. The man lifted the blade in front of her face. The blood coating it slithered down the metal and dripped onto her lap. The knife was slowly moved over to her collarbone. "Will you answer now?"
She tensed up, nodding stiffly. "I-I...My...M-my name is A-Ava Bowen. I'm from the inner p-part of Ireland. In the c-count--"
"Nonsense. You obviously don't know much about making believable certificates, because these..." He pulled papers out of his back pocket and slammed them on the ground next to Jade's foot. "These are fake." The fake identification papers Banks gave me.
"Y-you're wrong. Those are real." Will I die today?
"And you, young lady, are a terrible liar. Tell me the truth and I'll clean up the blood on that leg. Sound good?"
It was obvious that he already knew her name wasn't what she continued to say it was. And it'd be best to get this wound cleaned. The last thing I need is another infection. "It's Jade."