
Instead of landing on the hard, bone crunching asphalt of the parking lot they hit the soft green earth; grass. More yelling came from above and the two scrambled off the ground they had landed on. Their feet moved in synchronized steps as they bolted back to the fence, diving through the hole and sliding along the ground.
"What happened to you guys? What did they—" Rick was cut off by a round of gunshots and the team instinctively ducked their heads and began bolting. "Let me rephrase that. What did you do?"
"Not much, just eavesdropped on some plans and broke a window. No biggie," Jade answered, hands covering the back of her head as she ran ahead of the others. She dared to crane her neck to see if they were still being followed. Why won't they just give up? I'm sure they can repair that window without us! Once of them raised their gun, sending the mob into a gun-lifting havoc.
"Duck!" Jade yelled. Bullets whizzed past their heads, grazing the air surrounding the team. They really are ruthless. They don't stop, they give no mercy. No wonder they're called the Enemies. The team was forced to skip and zigzag through the streets, dodging bullets coming from seemingly nowhere. Asphalt flew up from the ground below them as they shot at their feet, attempting to slow them down. Not one single bullet hit them, out of what might've been dozens, hundreds even. "Keep going!" Jade encouraged.
"Shut up and let me run! Where do we go Rick?! You're the map expert!" Lea yelled. Jade wrinkled her nose at Lea even in this situation.
"Back to the overhang! Once we get there we swim as far as we can! We'll have a headstart and they can't follow us or their weapons will be ruined and unusable. Let's go!" he yelled back.
They were close, so close. We can do this, we can lose them. All they had to do was get to the overhang. Jade saw it. The overhang. The only downfall was that they weren't under it. They were standing on top of it.
"We cant make that jump Rick!" Jade yelled.
"It's that or get shot, or maybe even worse! Now go!" It was the first time she had heard the man with a serious tone in his voice, demanding and protective. Jade replayed the voice in her mind, it made her feel like it would be wisest to listen to it. Her legs pumped, pushing her forward. I'm going to die from this jump. It was too low down. But she had no other choice.
Jade launched herself as far away from the cliff as she could, and time seemed to stop.  Her arms were splayed out as she fell down, down to the blackened waves. Wind beat at her hair, making it come loose and whip through the air. The baggy uniform pressed against her skin, the extra fabric flapping behind her as she plummeted to the ocean.
I must've jumped out really far, she realized once she hit the water. The overhang covered some of the shore and a few feet of water. But it only started to get deep really far away. And this water was the deepest Jade had ever been in.
She swam as hard as she could to get back to the surface, kicking frantically. No matter how hard she tried, however, nothing worked. She seemed to only be sucked down the more she struggled. Air was the only thing on her mind by now, and it didn't show up. It was vital by now, Jade was beginning to feel the faint impression of light-headedness.
Then everything went black in her world.
~*~*~*~
Ian had barely slept since she left. It was impossible. He may have gotten half an hour of sleep each night, only to wake up from his gruesome nightmares. He felt that she was his life, and he knew that if anything happened to her, he, himself would be destroyed right along with her. And what made it so much worse was that he had no idea whether or not she was okay. For all he knew, she could be shot, blown up, cut to pieces, drowned, or being tortured as he sat here and did nothing.