
"First of all, I'm not a child, like you said, I'm the same age as you." Instead of fighting back with his loaf, Ayden grasped Finn's with his bare hand. "Second of all, I'm anything but lucky."
Finn swept a foot across the ground and tripped Ayden, regaining possession his bread and staring daggers down at the person below him. Jade stood on tip-toes, trying to see how Ayden was faring down there. Damn it, the counter is in the way. Who knows what Finn will do. . .
As if on cue, Finn began kicking at Ayden rapidly. A few grunts and whimpers emanated from the one place she couldn't see. "Anything but lucky?" Finn laughed maniacally. "You're lucky I'm not beating you to a pulp! I'm refraining right now!"
What's wrong with this guy!? I'm so sick of people like him that I've had to deal with all my life! I'm just, I'm just so, so-- "So done! Stop it you idiotic buffoon!"
He stopped momentarily to look at Jade. He looked back down at Ayden, sighed, and stepped away reluctantly to face her completely. "Is that the best insult you can throw at me?" He let out a puff of air after she didn't respond. "Why should I stop? After all he's done to me, he deserves it."
"Look, I barely know you. But if that's the case, from what I've seen you don't deserve to go unharmed either," Jade said.
"Is that right? I'd like to see you try to hurt me. Go ahead, I'll gladly let you punch me with those skinny noodle arms of yours," he said. "I bet you can't even lift those crumbs on the floor."
"No take-backs," Jade said quietly as she marched over to him. Once she stood directly before him, he smirked.
"Go ahead, sweet-pea. I'm actually looking forward to feeling your little baby hands against my face. You're weak, a dense weakling. You wouldn't even hurt someone if you could, babe. It's not like you'll actually--"
Jade's fist locked with his jaw, and she was positive that a few teeth were knocked out as her knuckles dug into his face. He stumbled backwards into the stove, placing his hands on the surface to keep himself from falling over. After a few seconds of him trying to regain himself, he screamed and unclasped his hands from the burning surface. Running over to the sink, he turned on the cold water and let it blast at full pressure. He placed his hands under the water, sighing in relief as the cool water soothed his burned skin.
A hand grabbed at Jade's shoulder and turned her around. Ayden was there, trying to inhibit his laughter. Jade joined in, but remembering how he had been kicked around just a few minutes before, she scanned his body. Sure enough, there were a few bruises forming on his bare forearms. Not to mention the areas concealed by the black fabric. There were a few more tears in the button-up shirt, proof that he had been in a difficult struggle. Although, Finn didn't seem to be faring too well either.
The sound of spitting caused Jade to turn back to Finn. Small traces of crimson were dribbling down his chin as he mixed the saliva and blood in his mouth, spitting more into the sink. He twisted the sink handles and shut the water off before wiping his mouth off with his sleeve. Vermilion streaks stained the white fabric running along his arms.
He turned to face his enemies, pointing an accusing finger at Jade. "You. . . you can pack a punch. I should give you more credit."
"I would think you would've learned the first time when I kicked you in the face a few months back," Jade said, more confident than before.
"Touché. We're getting off topic. Something needs to be done." Finn turned back to the counter and Jade noticed how he was eyeing a knife block. She could see a small grin forming on his face as he drummed his fingers on the metallic surface. After a few moments of silence, his arm flew away from his body and snatched a thick butcher knife out of it's place. He swung around to face the two again, knife in hand. "This is no longer for the sake of my job. It's purely revenge now," he spat.