
It wasn't too large or too small, but a medium size, about the size of her living room back home. Well, her old home. A few windows stood to her right that reached from the ceiling to the floor, and from where she stood she could see snow-covered wilderness. A dividing wall was on her left, making the space she was currently in narrow. From what she could see the room was empty, and no sounds other than a branch scratching a window outside made it to her ears.
Just as she was about to give up on that room and try the next, a voice spoke to her.
"Jade? Is that you?"
She whirled around and aimed her pistol at the source: a lanky man that looked to be around her age, with hair so blonde it looked almost white. He stood only a few feet away and raised his hands in surrender. "Whoa, whoa, don't shoot! Don't you remember me?"
Jade squinted at him and tried to wrack her brain for any memory of the man. It came up blank. "Can't say I do," she finally said.
"It's me, from high school, Ian's friend, Evan! Remember? We went to the carnival as a group one time, and Ian tripped me so that I fell into all the bowls of goldfish and I smelled like fish the rest of the night! Remember that? Man, c'mon, put the gun down!" he pleaded.
She dared take a step closer, not lowering her gun. Now that she could connect a name to a memory, he did look familiar, and she remembered the night of the carnival a few years back crystal clear. The man wasn't lying. Slowly and unsurely, she lowered her arms, and in return, Evan lowered his. "What are you doing here?" she asked.
"I don't know, man. I don't even know what here is. One night I was washing my dishes, y'know, gotta pretty up my drinking glass for the next day, and then next thing I know I'm here with a major headache. What are you doing here?"
Jade regarded him as an acquaintance since she could tell that he wasn't lying. Back in her high school years, she remembered him as being a terrible liar. She would be able to tell if he was. "I'm here for Ian," she said. "He's been kidnapped and is being held hostage. I'm here to free him."
"Oh, man! He's here too? We gotta look for him. I mean, I know you two left on a bad note, if you get what I'm sayin', but I'm sure he'd be glad to see you here for him."
"Yeah," she said, tightening her grip on her empty pistol. "Follow me, we'll go get him." There was another door in the room that she had failed to see behind the divider. If Evan was in this room, Ian was sure to be in the one next door. "Have you tried that door?"
"Tried opening it many times, that baby's shut tight."
Jade approached the door, a thin piece of wood keeping her from whatever was on the other side. "Have you tried to bust it down?" she asked.
"It didn't cross my mind, no."
"Try now."
Evan crossed the room and stood in front of the door. "So I just ram into it?"
"That's pretty much it."
"Okay. Big Papa's got this, you just watch. Wooh! I'm gonna be able to share such a badass story when I get back to civilization!" With that, he threw his weight at the door. It shook slightly, but didn't budge. Evan's confidence dissipated and he walked to the other side of the room, grasping his shoulder and hissing. "Ouch, ouch, Big Papa don't got this, I repeat, Big Papa don't got this."
Jade let out an exasperated sigh and motioned to the door again when he looked at her. "Start from there and run into it."
"But it hurt!"