
"You have misleading information. I am aware that there is a resistance group, but I am in no way a part of it or know what goes on behind closed doors. Again, I know just as much as--" The answer was cut off. Literally. The blade slipped up about a centimeter farther past what used to be the edge of his lip, and he moaned in pain. Warm blood dripped down his chin and a metallic taste coated his taste buds. Ayden's tongue made its way towards the cut and the pain became more prominent. He wanted to scream out and cry, but he couldn't show weakness. Never show weakness.
"You're very funny. Now tell me the real answer," Finn said, leaning in closer. His breath was strong, the smell of tobacco, and Ayden leaned as far away from him as he possibly could. This only caused Finn to grip the captive's hair, yanking it closer to him than before. "Answer."
Ayden swished the blood and saliva around in his mouth and sent the mixture rocketing at Finn's face, watching as the dark red fluids splattered on his cheeks and into his mouth. "You disgusting pest!" He slammed Ayden's head against the back of the chair and grabbed a white rag off the cart, wiping his face off.
"There's your answer, sir," Ayden said snarkily, covering up the pain on his face easily.
"And I thank you. Here's a token of my appreciation." He threw his fist into the rebel's stomach repeatedly, at least eight times before stepping back and admiring his work. Ayden howled in pain and anguish. "That's gonna hurt in the morning. Of course, assuming you make it to morning." Finn reminded Ayden of an annoying chick in his old high school class; she had always gotten into fights and that used to be her signature line. However, she had always added, "Because if I were you I'd take suicide." And a few people had done exactly that. Until he had finally grown some balls and nailed her right in the nose. After that day, she remained to herself. Unfortunately, that wasn't going to work here.
Ayden spat up more blood and it landed in front of Finn's feet. He looked down at the glob, and then back up, grinning. "This is actually alot more amusing than I thought it would be."
"You know what? Good for--" Ayden began coughing up blood. It dribbled down his chin as he finished his sentence in a raspy voice. "Good for you."
Finn snorted, crossing his arms over his burly chest. "You should really see yourself right now. How does someone so strong and brave and brilliant end up here? As a pathetic waste of space? A young man with the rest of his life ahead of him, now covered in his own blood and buckets of sweat, bound to one place and unable to fight back? That's what'd I'd like you to answer now. Actually, no, I have the answer to that one. It's quite simple, really. It's all because he refuses to follow orders."
"You are certainly one to talk. Ye gave up your whole life dedicated to destroying things. All because someone promised you it would all be okay if you did. And that someone was a liar. He's brainwashing ye, that's why I left. I didn't wanna end up like you, on a path towards nothing. You'll live believing him, and die believing him. Believing in a fake man, in fake hopes and dreams, in a fake world. And I'm afraid it's too late to save your fake self." Ayden kept his eyes locked on his former friend's as he spoke.
Finn only began clapping sarcastically and slowly. "Oh my, such a beautiful speech. Too bad no one else will end up hearing it." He walked over to the metal cart, examining his options of torture. "I won't get my answers, but it's not like you had anything I needed anyhow." His back was turned to Ayden and he brushed his hands along the floor. This chair is meant for a midget...at least maybe I'll be able to kick him in the balls. No kids for you. He continued sliding his hands across the smooth concrete. It was cold in the spots where warm blood wasn't gathered around in small puddles.