
"Would you like to do the honors?" She raised an eyebrow.
"Gladly." Jade took a step closer to the man and kneed him in the groin, receiving a loud, high-pitched shriek. The girl let go of his hair as he fell to the ground while covering his precious parts.
"I say we make a good team. Don't you think so too?" the girl questioned. Jade looked out across the deck, seeing people either unconscious, bleeding to death, or just laying there pitifully crying.
"Definitely."
"Jade! I've got it running! Get up here before...whoa. What happened down there?" Ayden yelled from the circular platform. The girl tried grabbing for more of those metal chunks but Jade stopped her before she could throw them.
"Wait, wait! He's a friend." The girl eyed him nervously, but apparently got over it.
She stood up straight and began walking to the ladder. "Very well then, let's get moving." Once the two girls got to the ladder Jade suggested she go first. They agreed and Jade began ascending it. Ayden walked over and pulled her up the rest of the way, even though his help wasn't really needed..
As Jade began walking to the helicopter he whispered in her ear. "Are you sure it's a good idea to let her tag along? She seems dangerous."
"I know. And that's why we need her. Might as well help her out, she's got a similar problem to ours." Jade jumped into the helicopter and hung out halfway. The girl jogged over and got in as well, followed by Ayden.
He sat down in the pilot's seat and rubbed his hands together. "Okay. Let's get moving. Quick question, does anyone here know how to fly?"
"You don't know?!" Jade shouted. "How are we gonna get out of here then?"
"I know how..." the girl said quietly.
"Okay, thank goodness Jade didn't shoot you." Ayden stood up and offered the pilot's seat to her.
She sat down gracefully and flipped her long dark brown hair over her shoulder. Her hand grasped a lever and she pressed several buttons. "Hang on tight."
They began slowly rising in the air, barely hovering over the ground before getting higher into the sky and accelerating in speed. As they maneuvered away from the ship, Jade saw hundreds of tiny hands pointing at them and flailing their arms. She could hear their wails and shouts of defeat all the way up there. Before long, the ship wasn't even visible. Jade let out a sigh of relief before leaning entirely back into a seat, relaxing. The girl stared straight ahead through the glass into the open atmosphere. Ayden just continued staring at Jade with admiration in his eyes. What is with this guy? He had gotten awfully protective and . . . clingy . . . in the past day they had known each other. Actually. . . Jade looked into the sky and noticed the first faint signs of dimming light. Just a little over a day.
Jade decided to break the awkward silence that had come over the three of them. "So, what's your name?"
"Me?" The girl asked. She turned around and Jade nodded. She turned back to face the front and let out a puff of air. "I knew that question would arise at some point." She went silent as she stared out the window. Seeming to notice her own dazing off, she began speaking again. "I'm Sixtine."
"Sixteen? I asked for your name, not your age," Jade said.
"I did tell you my name. It's spelled differently than the number. My parents came up with some odd baby names," Sixtine corrected.