
Logan gently moved Ayden's hand from his shoulder. "I'm f-fine."
"No, you're not, you could've been killed and now I want you to run to the hideout."
"I'm not leaving. There's no p-point in it. I'll sti-stick with you."
Ayden pressed both palms to his forehead, fingers splayed, as if the conversation were giving him a headache. He stayed like that for a while before dropping them helplessly to his side. "Don't leave my sight." The leader picked his katana up from the floor, which he had laid to rest when he made it to them. "And be aware." He turned to Jade. "You need to go fetch Ian so we can leave as soon as possible. Now."
Jade nodded and followed him to a door that had poor security: two Combatants with nothing but their fists. They were incapacitated by Paj quickly and Logan jumped to open the door. This was where Jade would be separated from the rest of the group with nothing but an empty pistol for protection. If anything she could use it as a scare tactic. She crossed the threshold to temporarily abandon her team but a set of warm fingers grasped her arm. Pausing her short journey, she looked back.
Ayden leaned forward and grabbed ahold of her stare with strong eye contact, eyebrows elevated in concern. "Be careful. No one is going to be up there to save you if anything goes awry. You're strong even if you don't look it, and frankly I don't think you need saving. Just..." He paused, unsure if he should say what he thought up next. "You tend to act on impulse. Whether that's good or bad, just wait. Think things through. Weigh your options. Hold your tongue. Think before you act, because every action has its consequences."
Jade nodded. She figured she could follow this statement easy enough; she had followed orders more than once before. Altering a tiny bit of her mindset to get things done would be a breeze, right? Ayden let out a breath he had been holding. "Right," he said, "get moving. The quicker the better. Come back to us in one piece, alright?"
And with that, he released her, and she was bolting down the hall. Be quick about it, she repeated to herself. Get it done fast. Stairs or elevator? Stairs would take too long. Elevator it is.
Jade pressed the button to call the elevator. It wasn't a long wait: the doors opened when she pressed it. Hopping in, she searched the glowing keypad on the wall for the highest number. She punched the number four and the doors slammed to a close, then a jolt shook the box before ascending. It moved painstakingly slow for her, especially in such a small area. She swore the walls were going to cave in at any moment and crush her. This thought led to rapid breathing, in and out, in and out, quicker each time, until the doors split and she was able to spill out of there.
After regaining her senses and normal breathing rate, she looked left and right, hoping that no one had been within radius to hear or see her frantic exit. Idiot, she thought, I'm such an idiot. Now, which way? She decided she'd just have to take her chances with the left, and headed off that way. The floor seemed deserted enough and there weren't many doors to check. But if she had learned anything from the first mission General Banks had assigned her, she knew to check the last one first. If she was wrong, oh well, but better to save time than to waste it checking each possible room.
It was a short run to the end of the hall. The door she now faced was closed, and she grabbed the handle and twisted, pleading in her head for it to be unlocked. She pushed it slightly, but it was enough to show her that it was not, in fact, locked. Inhale, exhale, stand, twist, and push. Jade did all of these things and as a result she was in the room.