
She did, her cheek still pressed against Ayden's back. "Arlington Cemetery," she said.
"Just look at all them. Those white crosses all lined up, going on for who knows how long...I wish I could go in and pay my respects properly. But, this'll have to do." Ayden took one hand off the handle and raised it to his forehead in salute. "Even though they have no relevance to my country, I still want to thank them for their bravery." He placed his hand back on the handle.
"This another place on your list?" Jade asked.
"Yeah." He paused. "Back when I was younger, whenever I saw a cemetery I would go inside and sit by every tombstone, and thank them."
"For?"
"For just being alive. Everyone, big or small, young or old, leaves a mark. Some marks aren't as noticeable as others, but they still leave an imprint nonetheless. You just have to look for it."
You'll leave a huge mark. No doubt about it. But what about me? What if I do more bad than good and leave behind a scar? She didn't dare voice her thoughts.
"Pentagon, check!" Ayden saluted again and Jade looked at what. The Pentagon sat to her left, all five sides intact.
"What all is left on your list?" she asked.
"Several places that I won't be able to visit. France, for example: The Eiffel Tower, Palace of Versailles, Notre Dame. Then there's Rome, Moscow, Istanbul, London. So many places, so little time."
"At least you've got a large chunk of it done, all in one day too."
"And it makes it all the better that you're here."
"Don't be sarcastic with me," Jade said, smacking his arm.
"But I'm not. I'm entirely serious. If there's no one to share these things with, it's all for nothing. So I'm glad you're with me."
Jade felt her cheeks heating up in the slightest and pinched herself. No, don't blush. There's no reason for it. She chuckled. It's like I'm scolding a child here.
Soon the city turned into a neighborhood with quaint houses on either side, then all buildings disappeared altogether, replaced by trees that looked ominous in the dark of night. Suddenly, Jade was bouncing in her seat involuntarily. She looked down at the terrain. Train tracks. "Really?" she asked. "Couldn't have stuck with the road?"
"I'm taking the bike somewhere it won't be found. I'll leave it in the woods down here," Ayden said.
Jade sighed and peered over his shoulder. Just ahead there was a bridge; the tracks went over it and on the sides large metal poles criss-crossed each other. I think it's called a truss bridge. It must've been old since it looked as though whatever water source underneath had dried up and been replaced by mud. It wasn't too far from the bottom of the bridge either, maybe by a couple feet.
Ayden stopped in the middle of the tracks. "Get off," he said, "I'll take it deeper into the woods. Start towards the bridge."
Jade hopped off and began walking. Ayden disappeared beyond the trees, but not for long, because a few short moments after, he was by her side again with his hands in his pockets. He kicked a few pebbles and they hit the track rails with a tink. Silence followed.
"So," Jade started, "How long's it gonna take to get back?"