
"No, I need to help--" Her protest was interrupted by the large shadow inching over her own. She risked a glimpse back. One of the attack places was zooming in her direction. Through the window in front, she could see the faint outlines of a frowning face. Something in the cockpit shifted, and what looked like turrets were lowered out of the bottom.
That was enough to make her pick up the pace.
Bullets danced around her feet. It was like a competition between them: if Jade got her moves right, she wouldn't lose a toe. Fine, she thought, if you want to tango, I'll tango.
Her eyes locked on the best chance at escape. They were almost on a highway bridge, and below the smooth surface of the road, there was a river. Jade looked at Ian and nodded towards the bridge. He understood.
How did she know he understood? When they were in the center of the bridge, they took a sharp turn to the ledge and Ian wrapped an arm around Jade's waist. And then they jumped.
They landed in the deep, brown water like a torpedo, straight down. When they resurfaced, still attached at the hip, the rapids of the river swept them under and above and away. Water crashed against Jade's ears, muffling all sounds. Bang! Another resurface, and an expanding ball of orange and yellow flashed before she was sucked down again. Next time she came up, the bright colors were replaced with black clouds and pieces of metal dangling from the edge of the bridge.
The current slowed down far from where the duo had landed until it was a steady flow. No bridge was visible, and for the better. Jade didn't think she could stomach the fact that she was some cause for a death. Let's just cling to the hope that he jumped out before crashing. It hadn't been the best form of escape, but the alternative would've been far worse.
Jade and Ian set about getting out of the river, and soon they were jogging among the brown giants they had admired earlier. The sky was no longer a bright blue, but a dark grey, and Jade wasn't sure whether that was from rainy weather or smoke. She shivered as a breeze wrapped around her wet clothing. Had she known the day would've turned out this way, she wouldn't have gone swimming in the lake.
She regretted agreeing to go hiking with Ian. That thought was quickly beaten down as soon as it had arisen. No. If I hadn't come, I wouldn't have got the kids out of there. The trees disappeared, and all blockage of wind was gone. She rubbed her hands along her arms, trying to get rid of the goose-flesh popping up. I am glad I came. It's something else to further my vow.
Surroundings became familiar the more she moved forward. Trail signs morphed into street signs, outhouses shifted into conjoined apartments much like her own. Fortunately, the attacks had stopped where they started.
Concerned neighbors leaned out of open windows and against porch railings. All eyes were on Jade and Ian, who hobbled towards their home. A few called over and asked if they were okay.
"We're fine. Thanks for your concern, guys," Jade said sincerely.
No need to make them worry. They've worried over us too much. The town was all too familiar with what they had been through. Not just that day, but the days before that. The bombings, the ice cream shop fight, the near death experience Jade had gone through two years back. Everything was out in the open there.
Nothing was secret. Whether this was a good thing or a bad thing, Jade did not know. No need to worry about that now. There's much bigger questions that need answered. And I'll be the one to find them.