
There was no way she was going to come close to Kane's arm without washing the gunk off her hands. He may not have been the friendliest person to be around, but she wasn't going to give him risk of infection or worse. So, in search of something to cleanse herself with, she turned around. Her eyes fell on something that both intrigued and terrified her.
Kane had his back to her, crimson cloak covering what they normally did, except when she had turned to him his hood had begun slipping over his head. Straight, short locks of dark brown showed themselves for the first time as it fell away. Most pieces stuck up messily, and he ran his good hand along them in an attempt to smooth them over somewhat. It didn't work. His arm moved to his chest area, at least, that's what Jade assumed from the way his arm was bent. A soft click was audible, and the part of his cloak that was connected in the front, near his collar, came apart. She could tell this from the way the flaps rested, with nothing forcing them tensely together.
Then came the sleeves. The left one came off with ease, which was also his uninjured arm, but there was a moment of hesitation before he got to work on the right one. Most of the cloak was left scraping the floor, suspended in the air by its attachment to Kane's wounded limb. Jade was correct in her assumption that he had clothing on underneath: a worn out black shirt, sleeves kept short. It seemed too normal to her, like he should be wearing snake skin or something strange like that.
Kane tugged at the sleeve gently for the first go, but paused abruptly and let out a quiet groan of pain. Jade started forward at this but only made it a few feet before stopping to watch him try again, without success. This happened twice more before she made it behind him and, gently tapping his shoulder, suggested that she help. Kane stiffened at the sound of her voice directly behind him. "I can get it on my own," he said quickly.
"It'd be easier if there were two hands working on it, not just one. The quicker we get it off, the quicker we can fix you," Jade said, trying to sound as reassuring as possible.
Kane stayed silent for a long moment, then nodded and said "Get on with it, then."
She moved to his right side, making sure not to look at his face. Even if she had tried to sneak a glimpse, he had twisted it away from her sight, and she had no plans of vexing him further by trying to sneak a peek. Instead, she invested all her attention on his arm and the sleeve covering it. Placing one hand on the cuff, and another where the arm morphed into the shoulder, she slid it off his arm with utmost caution. He groaned only once before it was off, and when his arm was freed, he snatched the cloak out of Jade's hands and rushed to the cot, still facing away from her.
She followed his steps more calmly, keeping a light step as opposed to his stomping until she was in front of the supplies she had laid out. A clearing of the throat found itself necessary and she said, "Is there something I can use to clean my hands with?"
Kane was gripping the side of the cot, head still craned away from her. "In a drawer there's some antiseptic wipes. Get a bowl, towel and a few bottles of water. Then fill it up."
Jade did as she was told and soon returned with the supplies. After dumping a few bottles' worth of water into the bowl, she scrubbed her hands and wrists thoroughly until she could practically see them sparkling. Then she proceeded to pull the latex gloves over her nimble fingers for extra protection. She gulped. "I...I can't do anything if your arm is over there," she said, "and it will be easier if you're sitting."