
"Right." Sixtine relaxed and made her way back to Finn's side.
"Good. Now, you two are probably very confused," he said innocently. "I'll explain parts so that you're not entirely in the dark when you die." He began laughing uncontrollably at this statement. Even Sixtine gave him an odd look. Once his laughter subsided, he began speaking again. "As I was saying, others want the both of you dead. For you--." He pointed at Ayden. "Everyone on the Kaneley ship wants you dead, and so does half the population of Kaneley in general. Sixtine here wants you dead, I want you dead, and several others that I can not mention here want you dead. As for you--" He pointed at Jade. "Everyone in Kaneley wants you dead, everyone associated with Ayden's old job wants you dead, the both of us want you dead, and someone you've put a lot of trust into wants you dead."
Jade's face turned pale, and Ayden could only imagine of all the images going through her head. Who's that last person Finn mentioned though? I know it's not me, but she doesn't know that . . .
"And no, it's not Ayden if that's what you're wondering," Finn cleared up. Ayden mentally thanked him, but only for that. He despised him with every ounce in his body. No relief came to Jade's face. She must not have thought it was me after all. Back to hating Finn entirely now.
A dark thought came to mind. Maybe it's Ian . . . Ayden's eyes turned stone cold. I'll kill him. Who else could it be? Unless maybe it's Rick. But he seems like a nice guy. . . that Lea chick looked sketchy though. Who is it?!
Ayden's thoughts scattered when an annoying round of laughter erupted from Finn. He clenched his fists. He somehow turned half a country against me? I have to give him credit. Wonder how I'll repay him . . . Ayden looked at a few shards on the ground that could potentially harm someone. Nice to know Jade hasn't ruptured my more violent side . . . or has she? His previous thoughts flooded back to mind. Crap.
Through his laughter, Finn managed to say a few words. "G-go get, heheh, them. Do w-what you want!" He began laughing even harder.
Sixtine flashed a brilliant white smile before reaching under her dress and pulling out a small knife. Where the feck has she been keeping that thing? Never mind, I don't want to know.
She ascended upon the duo, Finn was still cackling in the background, and Jade and Ayden were just standing in the middle of the room dumbfounded. "Any questions before you fall into an eternal sleep?" Sixtine asked innocently. Really? Eternal sleep? Fine. No more questioning people anymore unless it's necessary.
Jade cleared her throat. "Yes, actually." Sixtine paused and gestured for her to continue. "Who's Kaneley?"
Finn seemed to pop up out of nowhere. His laughter had stopped even though he still wore a stupid grin on his face. Gently moving his sidekick to the side, he approached Jade. "I wouldn't expect you to know what it is. Only a few Americans know, but they've already been disposed of. I might as well tell you anyways." He sighed. "Kaneley is not a who, it's a where. One of the halves of the old Republic of Ireland has been named Kaneley. Simple as that. None of your people know because we don't want you to know. And since you're their little pet, it would only be natural for you to tell them. So now, even if I didn't want to kill you before, I have to now. I don't need the kind of hate Ayden already gets."