
Jade turned to face Victor completely only to be met with the friendly gaze of a gun. Her eyes widened and she opened her mouth to speak, but only one thing came out. "Ayden, help." There was even more rustling behind her than before and more panic settled in the deepest pits of her stomach, fear finding a permanent home in her misery. She gulped, beginning to think that maybe this really was the end. I've done so much already. Is it time for my break?
Victor cocked the gun and slowly placed his finger on the trigger. His expression remained emotionless as he pointed it at Jade's forehead. "Why don't we talk about this?" Jade asked, trying to distract him from the pistol in his large hand.
"I'm not much of a talker. Action gets things done quicker."
Jade decided to try a different approach. "Why do you work for Finn? He seems to have hired you as his personal hit-man."
"I have a family to support. To protect. He's offered protection." He clenched the gun tighter, and for a second Jade thought she was a goner.
"There are other ways of doing so," she pushed. Maybe I can convince this guy to let me go. Come on, please let me go.
"But this way is fun." He pulled the trigger at that statement and time seemed to slow down, almost freezing. This is it, I'm going to die today. Jade clenched her fists and moved them up to protect her face, whatever good that might've done, only to be knocked to the ground by some unpredicted force. She gasped as she hit the floor, startled by whatever had just happened. She was still in shock as she was pulled onto her feet, a cold item being shoved into her hands.
After taking a few deep breaths, Jade was able to identify what rested on her palms. It was the metal rod she had used earlier. Her gaze lifted to meet the one and only, Ayden Crockwell. Relief flooded through her as she realized hadn't died. Not yet, anyways.
The alleviation was short-lived, for Victor was soon firing at her without a moments notice. In his furious state, he probably wasn't focusing too well on his targets. Jade thought that because out of the twenty he fired off, none of them hit her or Ayden. However, one did it Vale, much to their advantage. She shrieked as the bullet punctured her skin, going straight through her left arm.
While she was occupied with examining her fresh wound, Jade and her ally turned their attention back to Victor. He was frantically fiddling with the handgun, pulling the same magazine out and shoving it back in, probably thinking new bullets would appear by some force of magic. Paying no attention to his opponents, he turned his back and shoved a hand into his pocket. Jade noticed how he was no longer holding his stomach, and she tightened her grip on the metal in her hands. I'm really going to regret this, aren't I?
Jade stealthily sneaked up behind him, raising the stick of railing behind her head as if she were golfing. Victor's head was turned downwards and to his left, so she moved around his right side. She took a deep breath and let out a breathy, "Sorry," before swinging the rod at his bare stomach. It made a loud, hollow clank, and Jade winced at the sound. The gun in his hands clattered to the floor as he reached for his stomach. Victor stumbled backwards before beginning to fall. As he went down, his head hit one of the many tables scattered about the room. His eyes fluttered to a close as he clashed with the ground, unconscious. Jade simply stood there staring down at him as blood spread out along the floor near his head.