
He backed up a few paces, took a deep breath, and got in a stance that most runners got in before a quick race with a few buddies. Except this was ten times more dire than a little footrace. Ayden let out that breath, watching it turn into a small cloud before turning into nothingness. "Sorry people that I'm about to aggravate a lot in a few seconds."
Ayden threw himself forward, ramming into the people at the back of the group. He had to use his arms to slightly shove people out of his way, receiving several angered responses, all of which he ignored. I can't worry about that now. None of that matters. He propelled himself through the crowd even more forcefully. His figure was small compared to those around him, so he ended up having to slow to a quick jog as he squeezed himself in between people.
Ayden finally made it to the row behind the one closest to the bridge, and was able to peer over their shoulders to get a clear view of who had just left and who was currently leaving. There, at the very bottom of the bridge, was none other than Jade Maliks. Her feet had just met the dock, and now she was briskly walking away, seemingly struggling to keep up with Ian.
"Excuse me, uh, important stuff needs to be done, sorry, pardon me!" Ayden said as he squeezed past the front row. He ran down the bridge, making it shake slightly under him. For a moment he thought it was going to give out, but dismissed it. I can always just swim my way back onto the dock if I have to. People yelled at him, but didn't make any action to stop him. For the better.
Ayden's feet finally hit solid ground, or at least, the kind of ground that wouldn't shake or rock under him. He squinted his eyes, searching for his target in the barely lit area. Many small shacks lined the long stretch of wooden pathway, and he caught a few people sucking face in the spaces between them. Okay first of all, ew, get a room. Second of all, why are there so many people? I'll never be able to find her like this!
He walked a little further along the boardwalk/docking area before stopping. Ayden turned around in slow circles, scanning his surroundings in hopes of finding Jade. He combed his fingers through his hair, clutching chunks of it and yanking due to the high amount of anxiety and stress building up in him. No, no, no, no! I need to find her!
People of all shapes and sizes walked past him, from young women holding handbags to young children gripping a guardian's hand, old men gripping canes to drunken couples stumbling on their merry way. They all showed up as a blur in his eyes, streaks of color running past him. Nothing could catch his attention for more than two seconds.
All except a certain flick of long, black hair. Ayden's head snapped up in the direction and his breath caught in his throat. There stood his target, gesturing to a young man that went by the name of Ian. The two stood by a port-a-potty, and from the looks of things the man didn't want to leave the girl's side. The woman seemed to be getting frustrated and resorted to shoving him at the door. Ian sighed and gave her a long look before stepping inside and locking the door. I have to move. This is my chance.
Ayden dashed through the crowd, knocking over a drunk man in the process. Not waiting to help the man up or even apologize, Ayden kept moving. So close!
He dove at the girl, grabbing tightly onto her arm and yanking her along in the other direction. She struggled but made no noise, probably from shock. Ayden stole a glance at one of the small alley's between shacks and small buildings and decided that was as good a place as any. Jumping into the shadows, he dragged the girl along with him.
The girl seemed to come to her sense and ripped out of his grip. "What the hell? Who do you think you are? No, scratch that, who are you?!"