
"Maybe...maybe not. Never know these days. Never know what will happen anymore."
"Tell me about it," Kane said. He scratched the back of his hood. "Hell, barely anything is clear. I don't even know what I'll be giving to Logan for dinner. Don't know if I'll get any eating done, for that matter. Kids come first though. Especially him."
At this Jade found her curiosity again. "About Logan, what's with those twitches and such?"
"Oh, that? Kids got Tourrette's. Mostly twitches, but he's got other tics. We give him medication to dull them, but it's still there. He hasn't had 'em in a while, so they're getting more...prominent. Our supply is running low, so I expect more incidences like when he almost cut his foot by dropping that blade earlier. Clumsy bugger."
"So that's what that's about..." Jade trailed off, tapping her lip with her index finger. "I feel bad for him..."
"Don't bother. Kid'll be fine." He paused. "Still, we tend to keep a close eye on him."
"He seems clever."
"That he is. But enough of him, we're running low on time. You want to be able to catch up to them or not?"
Jade nodded. "Right, right." She turned to the dwarf-door, the same one that the others had ducked under to advance into the sewers. The sewers. "I'd better get moving then..." She moved over to the door and crouched down, prepared to duck under it and enter the rat-infested territory. Kane reached forward once more, tapping her on the shoulder.
"Jade, I...there's...." He sighed. "Through the sewers, out the manhole where the sign says, a little stretch of forest, and then across the lake. Should be frozen solid, so you won't have any issues with that."
She gave him the thumbs up sign. "Got it."
He reached out without warning and gave her a hard shove, forcing her to slam her hands into an unidentified liquid to keep herself from falling. A snicker came from behind her, and the small door was pulled down, keeping her from entering again.
Jade stood up, cursing under her breath. "I swear, once I'm back I'll be pouring this gunk down the back of his stupid cloak." And so, she began walking through the sewers, splashing in the liquid with each step. It was disgusting, and some of it dotted the ankles of her pants and soaked through to her skin. "Ugh, gross." Surprisingly enough, it didn't smell too bad. Maybe she had gotten used to rotten smells by now.
As she walked, she took the time to take notice of the slime covered walls, and the almost impenetrable darkness that seemed to stretch on and on for miles on end. Key word: almost. At the very end of this tunnel was a light, which was barely even a dot to start with. Had she been walking closer to one wall than the other, or had her head angled just a degree to one side, she would've missed it. But she didn't, and the urge to find the others overcame her. Her legs began moving faster, sending up more drops of moisture and making a loud splashing sound echo throughout the tunnels.
The light soon got bigger, slowly but surely, and soon she directly under its source and next to a ladder. She scrambled up, hands flying past the rungs, and pushed the manhole covering up. After a long moment of shaky arms and a strained, red face, the covering was gone, and she was sitting in the middle of a street. Knowing she had to be cautious, she looked from side to side with observant eyes. Houses stood on either side of the street, rickety ones on the verge of collapsing in on themselves. The deserted street. Just like he told me. Guess he's not such a troll after all. She looked down at her dripping hands, covered in a liquid unknown to her, and wiped them on her pants. Never mind.