
A/N: Before you begin, I'm just going to give you all a big, fat, YOU'RE WELCOME.
Shoutout to @HugMeh , because she is awesomely amazing. I've been co-writing some parts of her story, which is pretty much a parody of a particular fandom.  (And, yes, I have been to DC; been to several of the places mentioned, it's interesting to visit!)
I'm also apologizing for my sloppy/lazy writing in this one. I've been working on it over the course of several days, so yeah. (Honestly, the whole search-and-rescue thing with Lino might get cut).
By the way, I don't know if I'm the only one with this problem, but some parts disappear and then reappear...so If anything looks choppy or paced wrongly or sudden, that's probably why..
*************
"There is no way I'm getting on that thing."
"Well, if you won't drive it, I will." Kane slipped his gloved hands under Jade's armpits and lifted her up onto the motorcycle seat. Just as he was moving to take a seat behind her, an arm shot out in front of him and smacked him in the chest
"I think it'd be better if you drove solo, Kane," Ayden said.
Kane stuck his tongue out. "Jealous little boy." He waltzed on over to the bike next to Jade's.
She turned around. Ayden was glaring at Kane with his arms crossed over his chest. He's not really angry at anyone, she thought. Kane annoys everyone, including me. He'll get over it. When Ayden finally averted his source of attention down to Jade, she flicked her eyes to the ground. "I don't know how to use these things," she said, patting the bike. It was entirely black; glossy and recently polished by the looks of things. Several levers taunted her feet and hands. I can barely even drive a car. I haven't ever since the accident.
Ayden smirked and waved at her to get off the bike. She did, and he took her place, feet placed firmly on the ground on either side. Then he patted the spot behind him. "Get on."
Jade looked skeptical at first. Well, doesn't this look safe? She shrugged in reply to her thoughts, and hopped on the back. I need to get over it, and quick. I've had to do worse things.
A shadow of a smirk cast itself over Ayden's face. "You'll need a helmet," he said, "Here." He whistled at a man across the room (They had walked all the way across the city to get to this automobile shop, run by a distant friend of Kane's). The man picked up two helmets and tossed them in their direction, which Ayden caught with ease. He turned and handed one to her.
It was one of those helmet's that covered her entire head, glossy black like the bike, with a tinted screen of plastic finishing it off. It looked like a claustrophobic's nightmare. She looked up at Ayden, and sure enough, his was already adorning his head. He looked like a racer, with black, skin-tight material covering every inch of him, aside from his feet. Those were concealed by black boots.
Jade wore the same thing, and figured that if he wasn't dying inside of that helmet, she wouldn't either. So she placed it on her head. The screen was much clearer than she thought it would be. It was one of those things where she could see everything, but nothing could see her.
"Are you sure about this? Barging in on motorcycles?" she asked.
Kane answered. "With what you're all wearing, they won't even know they're in danger. Just a biker gang heading through the city." He was the only one not in the motorcycle gear, and his cloak hung around his ankles.
"What about you?" Jade asked. "They'll recognize you."
"I'm not taking the same route. You'll be on one side of Meridian Hill Park, and I'll be on the other."