
A/N: Picture attached: The appearance of River's mask. So cool. Kewl. Yep. Song/video attached: Stranger, by X Ambassadors. Just 'cause; I really like it. '0' I'd love your feedback on the new character! (Both [insert winky face here]) Please point out any mistakes you notice, and feel free to leave a vote and a comment. Oh, wait, almost forgot, make sure you remember the cliff building if you plan on reading any of my future works.  Enjoy!
******************
"We're heading out. Make sure you guys don't burn the underground down!" Ayden stood at a door, a small opening meant for nothing bigger than a dwarf. He slipped a black, leather jacket on over his arms, the same one that he had given Jade for warmth once before. "Aye!" His fingers wiggled in the direction of Logan, then flicked towards a door on the other side of the room. "Weapons room. You know what to get me." He paused, then smiled. "Please?"
"O-on it," Logan stuttered out. His forearms twitched again, which he had been doing several times during the past hour. Jade thought, I'll have to ask someone what's up with that later. The young boy disappeared into the room for a moment, then popped back out again with a long object that he held with both hands, caution to his hold and step. When he arrived at the foot of Ayden, he held it out as though it were a holy object, given to him by gods. Ayden smiled again and patted him on the back, which received a big twitch, starting at the shoulder this time, in return. The object slowly began to slide out of his hands and to the floor, but at the last minute Ayden reached his arm out and snatched it up.
Logan breathed a sigh of relief and twitched again. "S-s-sorry about th-that. Can't help i-it."
"I know you can't," Ayden said. His eyes showed sympathy, and he flashed them down to the item in his hand. This seemed to perk up his mood, because he smirked a bit and glanced up at Logan again. "You wanna do the honors?" The boy nodded and grabbed ahold of one part of the object and pulled, yanking the black covering of the blade away and laying it gently on the ground. Now they both smiled, and Jade resisted the urge to bud in with one of her own. Even if she had, it would've dropped, wiped away by memorization. Ayden held the handle of the object with both hands and held it in front of his face, so that the blade of the shining katana made both halves of his face symmetrical with each other.
Jade heard whispering to her left and tuned in to the conversation. The first voice she identified as Kane's. "Hey, Lolo."
"It's Lo-Logan."
"That's what I said. Anyways, you got a little drool hanging from your mouth there, bud."
"I do? W-where?"
"Right over...there!" A flicking sound came from Jade's left, and a grunt of disapproval from Logan. "Gotcha!"
"Leave me al-alone, Kane." Logan stepped closer to Ayden. "Why can't you take him with y-you?"
Ayden sighed and shook his head in response. Instead of answering the boy, he waved Tempest over, who had patiently been waiting in the corner of the room. "Go get the others. I'd rather we get this done and over with as soon as we--"
"Hiyah!" Abril and the twins burst into the room, running over to meet Ayden and Tempest. They held up their hands to their foreheads in salute. "We're ready to go, sir!"
"Good. Start heading out. I'll be with you in a second," Ayden said. Four bodies ducked under the miniature door, disappearing beyond the walls of rust into what Jade was told were the sewers. He then turned to Kane and Logan. "You two, go check on River for me, alright?" Kane slumped his head and exited the room, but the young boy remained.