
Noticing the rage building in the small woman, the man reassured her. "Don't worry young lassie, I'm just puttin' it in a safe place. Follow." Jade forced herself to cool down, and followed the man into a nearby building. "My family owns tis place. I'll keep it here 'till the riot passes."
Someone else walked in as the man stood up from behind the counter where he had hidden the luggage. "Ayden!" the newcomer yelled. Is that his name? I should've asked earlier before agreeing to come here with him. . .
"Ayden," the newcomer said again. Noticing Jade in the room, he raised his eyebrows. "An bhfuil cead agam dul go dta an leithreas Ma se do thoil e?"
"Tá mé faoi ghlas sé ar an círéib. Aimsigh áit éigin eile, Kane," the man Jade guess was Ayden said.
Presumably Kane responded. "Téigh tarraing ar testicle cearc." He then exited the building.
"Coc asail ort," Ayden hollered after him. He then looked over at Jade. "I apologize for that, if ye understood. He's an old friend. We speak like that to each other often, never actually meaning it. We should go back outside, aye?"
"Yeah." Jade understood very little of what they had said, but a few words had stood out. Such vulgarity, but she had heard worse so she didn't mind. "Your name is Ayden?"
"Yep. Okay, chop, chop. Back to the riot." He ushered Jade out of the building and back towards the raging crowd once again. It seemed to be getting louder and everyone was getting angrier and losing the little patience they did have.
"Make them pay!" was a chant Jade continued hearing over and over again. It was hard to pick out any other specific sayings over all the multiple voices shouting. Ayden dragged her over to one side of the mob, further away from the donation building.
"We'll be waiting here an awful long time, but hopefully someone will do something interesting soon..." he trailed off.
"Hmm." A lot was going through Jade's mind, and she was wondering whether this guy was trustworthy or not. He doesn't really sound like the locals here. It's like he's faking the accent. Or he's been using another accent for too long and his natural one is kind of, I don't know, fading out? I know he's a citizen here though, people know him. She was becoming very confused, very quickly.
An extremely loud voice jolted her out of lala-land. She looked in the direction it came from. There was now a man on the roof of the donation-building with a megaphone yelling down at the vast crowd that had gathered. Jade could barely hear what the man was saying because he was so far away, but somehow she managed. "Everybody leave immediately. I repeat, leave immediately. This will get you nowhere, nothing will change. Everyone just go home," he hollered through the megaphone.
This raised havoc in the crowd. People began to shout louder and more vulgar things, the ones holding signs simply held them up higher. Ayden nudged Jade's shoulder and leaned down, whispering something into her ear. It was barely audible, but it registered through her ears. He had said, "Come on, start yelling with me. People will think you're helping the pests. Can't let them figure ye out, can we?" Jade froze, too in shock to say words, or even breathe for that matter. Her eyes flickered up to meet his. They glistened an eccentric blue, twinkling as he looked down at her with a smirk playing on his lips. I feel like you know something I don't. He then lifted his head and fist into the air and began a chant that rippled through the crowd like wildfire.