
A/N: This chapter was supposed to be something entirely different, but then this happened. Anywho, hope you enjoy. CX (Song attached: Gold - Sir Sly) By the way, if any paragraphing looks strange or beginning in awkward places, please tell me! (The formatting had messed up when I pasted the text to here).
***

When the Rebels returned to the hideout, most went their separate ways. Ayden retreated to the room with the "A" carved into the door, and no one dared go up to see how he was faring: they knew the answer already. Distraught. Before Kane had split off to attend to his own matters, he had mentioned to Jade that nobody had seen him this way before, and that it was best to leave him to sort things out on his own. Jade was skeptical of the statement. From what she'd seen, being alone did things to people. It gave them a chance to think. And thinking tended to drop off into something worse than a bit of sadness.
Ian, for example. She had left him to his own devices and that gave him too much time to think, and now he was thin and pale and ill. Of course, the Combatants had some part in making him that way, but most of the damage was done while she was away. She could see it in his eyes.
Now she stood in the Centre, frozen in thought and speculation, caught in a jumbled recollection of the day's events. So much had happened that she needed to sort out. Evan and Ian had both been kidnapped. Evan was shot and killed by Finn (there was no hope for him living with a gaping hole through his brain). River had tackled and mauled Finn, leaving him in what looked like a critical condition. River then helped Ian escape and took him to safety, wherever that may be. Jade certainly didn't have a clue. The majority of the Rebels made it safely back to the hideout under Lafayette Park with few injuries, but without a young boy of thirteen years who barely had a chance to really live.
Her high school best friend: dead. One of few people she cared for: dead. The only person she wished death upon: hopefully dead. Her relationship with someone she once loved, and maybe still did: dead. Jade's life had become surrounded with the same five letter word: death. Everywhere she went, each way she looked, there it was, bold and daunting, making sure she knew it was coming for her at some point.
She didn't care all that much, as long as her non-beating heart ensured no one else was taken anytime soon after.
A tap on her shoulder broke her out of her reflections. Kane was back to applying pressure to his arm, and from the small portion of his face she could see, she concluded that he wasn't feeling all too good. After waiting a moment for him to say something and him just standing there in silence, she did it for him. "What do you need?"
He seemed to jolt back to the present. "Oh, yeah, right, I need you for something."
Jade waited for him to continue, but when he didn't, she nudged his good arm. He jumped again. "Ah, sorry, right," he said, finally caught in the here-and-now, "You think you could fix me up?" He nodded to his arm. "I've been keeping pressure on it since it happened, and I'm pretty sure the bleeding's pretty much stopped, from what I can tell."
"I'm no nurse," Jade said, "And why would you ask me? There are plenty others who probably know how to stitch a wound."
"Well if you haven't noticed no one else is still here." Kane threw his good arm out and motioned to the deserted room. "And Lino, someone who does know medical junk, is busy tending to Tempest. Her leg's got this huge gash in it, I figure that's more important than a lil' bullet hole."
Jade sighed, nodded, and moved to the exit. "C'mon. I'll get it cleaned up and bandaged to start off, then Lino can do a better job with it later, when he's ready. What floor?"