
Jade's legs began working again and she backed up slowly, cautiously, afraid. However, she kept her eyes fused to his at all times. "H-how--"
"Duck!" He moved to the side, and Jade turned around. Something slammed into the side of her head and she cried out in pain, collapsing to the dirt road. A searing pain. She raised her hand to the place that had been struck, feeling a sticky substance. An indignant frown played with her lips. That traitor. Traitor! Why did I trust him?! "You might want ta start runnin', Jade."
"Why should I? You'll come after me anyways," she snapped at him. Jade pulled her hand away from the wound on the side of her face, looking at the moist vermilion staining her fingers.
"I'm not after you. They are." He pointed back from where the rock had come from. All Jade could see were dark figures moving around in the shadows, trying to hide but failing greatly. It seemed like they had their backs turned at the moment.
"Aren't you working with them?" Jade asked umbrageously.
"Me? Working with them? Do you think I'm some kind of animal?" he huffed.
"At the moment, yes." She stuck her nose in the air.
His face contorted into anger for the first time since she had met him, but it quickly disappeared after he let out a deep breath "We don't have time for this. Run!" He shoved Jade forward, probably expecting it to give her a boost, but she tripped instead. "Shite." Jade grabbed onto the hand he had provided and dragged her along beside him, away from the group of people that had thrown the rock.
However, her feet repeatedly got snagged on overgrown roots in the middle of the path and he had to stop and wait for her to untangle herself from them. He anxiously looked behind, and what he saw must've been bad because he looked down at Jade, took in a deep breath, and scooped her up bridal-style, almost tripping a few times himself as he fled. Jade craned her head around and saw what had made Ayden so fearful. There were three riot patrollers heading straight for them. The guns were still hooked to their sides, but they had those metal sticks raised in the air as they ran. She swore she saw a dark fluid dripping off of them . . . "Ayden, run faster!"
He didn't hesitate to do just that, and squeezed her tighter as he darted along the path. They were approaching a seemingly old, unused building. A storage house at one time, possibly. Once they came to the entrance, Ayden stopped and looked down at the frightened girl in his arms, at the riot-men, back down at Jade, then up at the entrance. His gaze hardened, and Jade saw in his eyes what others had seen in her own. Determination. Without a moments notice, he rammed into the rotting door with his back. It gave way easily, and they were attacked with smell after rotten smell. Jade's nose wrinkled up in disgust as Ayden slashed away giant cobwebs. At least I hope they're cobwebs... Jade hated spiders, whenever she saw one the creepy crawly paranoia would taunt her for days on end.
The sound of the men became louder as they gained, the thudding of botts against concrete floors increasing in intensity. "Ayden, move!" Jade screeched.
"I can't go any faster or I'll activate the alarms. Then everyone will be on our asses," he snarled the last sentence. Just as he finished speaking, a loud siren went off. Jade looked up at Ayden, expecting him to say something. His anger seemed to be so extreme that he couldn't even speak. This only fueled his strength as he pushed himself to the maximum trying to get out of there, and there was no doubt in his motives. He won't let either of us die here.
The armed group struggled to catch up while loose boards fell in front of their path, tripping them out of seemingly nowhere and thwacking them upside the heads. One of them got up quicker than the others however, and Jade just barely caught him reach a hand over to his side while he charged at his targets. "He's got a--!" She was cut off by the sound of a gun going off. A small amount of blood splattered onto her face, sprinkling onto her creased forehead and cheeks, dispersing onto her tight lips and clenched eyelids. A scream was bouncing off the flaking walls, but she wasn't sure whether it was coming from her or Ayden. Perhaps both.