
Standing on tip-toes, she peered over the edge of the wall. Fear began to creep into her veins when she witnessed what was causing the ruckus. Seemingly hundreds of people surrounded what she was certain was a donation center. How could I have slept through all this? They're so freaking loud.
Lots of people held and waved signs through the air, others had large sticks raised into the air and at their sides. Even more so had hands cupped around their mouths and seemed to be saying--yelling-- something. The faces they made though. . .expressions of sheer anger and rage, some with fear, a lot with sadness, and each and every face had determination on it. For what? Jade didn't know. But she guessed that she would find out soon enough.
A grumbling sound came from down below. Hungry, huh.?Might as well try to get something to eat before I continue. Maybe I can find some muffins. Haven't had those in a while. So fluffy...maybe with blueberries... She needed to stop thinking. Her mouth watered, doing nothing but making her hungrier.
Leaving the safety of the park and picking up the suitcase, she travelled through the most empty streets that she was able to find. She looked down at her suitcase, becoming annoyed at the unneeded weight it gave her. I really need to find a place to stay so I don't have to lug this wherever I go. Eventually she came to a street with plenty of eateries to choose from. The smells coming from one in particular drove her into a fairly small restaurant.
She plopped down at a small table and flipped through a menu of what was available. Once she decided, she walked up to the counter. It only took a while for the food to get ready and they delivered it to her table. A small bowl of coddle with layers of roughly sliced pork, bacon, and sausages with sliced potatoes was sitting on the table in front of her, right next to a slice of barmbrack, which apparently was a leavened bread with sultanas and raisins. Jade dug in, trying very hard not to shove it all in her mouth at once. Her stomach was satisfied after the coddle and she wrapped up the bread, placing it in her suitcase for later. I'll need it.
For the past few hours she absentmindedly walked around the empty town. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary so far, not including the mob from earlier. Well, the desolate streets were probably not normal, but she wouldn't jump to conclusions. Maybe people just don't come outside on Tuesdays? Messages were carved and spray painted onto walls and buildings as she walked passed them, however. At first she took the time to read each of them, but decided against it after the first wall. It took up precious time and they all pretty much said the same things from her other experiences with the ink-stained buildings.
Jade was walking in the middle of the abandoned streets, simply minding her own business when out of nowhere someone wrapped their fingers around her arm and began jerking it in the opposite direction. "Hey!" she shouted. She tried getting out of their grip, tugging and yanking away, but to no avail. She craned her head to look at her captor. "Who do you think you . . . uh. . ." He's got a really nice face. Jade mentally slapped herself in the face for thinking such foolish things. He was trying to kidnap her! And no one would help or care because no one was even around to see her be taken away.
Jade tried yanking her arm away again, only to be given the same result. When she realized she wouldn't be getting away, she straightened her shoulders and tried a different approach. She faced the man, defiance in her eyes. "Go ahead, take me away. Lock me up and do what you will. Just know that I will escape, and I will beat you to a pulp before I leave for good."