
Where is she? The waiting was becoming painful. Jade should've been out by now.
The crowd had been packed so tightly together that Ian could barely move against it. Sure, he had tried to, but it was all for naught. Ian had no choice but to go with the flow of the frantic mob of people. A man had announced that everyone needed to get to the top deck, causing a major panic. Most people wouldn't have cared, if not for the shudder that had been felt just before. Ian was one of the lucky ones that hadn't fallen. He also didn't quite catch what the man had said towards the end. People were already beginning to shove past him and he was giving them apologies for standing in the way.
So here he was, standing next to the doors that the flow of people had exited from, worrying about Jade. It had been at least ten minutes since they were told to evacuate the ceremony room and he was still waiting for her to meet him on the deck. The thought that maybe she had gotten out before hime had crossed his mind several times, but he brushed it away like dust. She was towards the back of the crowd, and there was no space for her to be able to squeeze to the front.
Still, Ian scanned the rest of the deck that was visible. He saw no Jade, but did see someone that might help him find her. He looked back at the doors and reluctantly faced his target and jogged over to him.
"Hey! You! Yeah, you! Wait!" Ian called over to him. He picked up the pace and eventually ended up standing in front of the man. "Rick, right?"
"Yes . . ." The man seemed unsure.
"You knew Jade, right?" Ian asked.
His mood seemed to change from alert to casual faster than someone could snap their fingers. "Oh, yeah! You must be Ian. Nice to meet you." He stuck out his hand.
Ian gladly took it and shook it, giving the basic responses. "Anyways, I was wondering if you had seen her come out yet?"
Rick shook his head and pointed to the door. "The man up on stage called for her and that Ayden kid to stay in the room while everyone else evacuated. I would go check it out if I were you, that guy seemed . . . off. Loraine would've said the same thing."
Ian had no idea who Loraine was, but he didn't question it. He thanked him briefly before heading back to the ceremony room.  She'd better be okay! Halls stretched endlessly and empty while he ran, and the bright lights illuminated every corner, not letting a single shadow slip by. Ian made it to the large lobby. Walking briskly to the doors, he prayed that she was still there. He stopped in front of the door and gripped the handle. But what if she's not?
Once Ian opened that door and everything processed through his mind, he felt as though he would throw up and faint in his own fluids. The bile rose but he swallowed it back down uncomfortably, pinching his nails into his palm while the back of his throat burned. He tried to turn away, but was unable. The scene captivated him in a horrifying way. A puddle of blood surrounded a flat, slightly bashed in head. The body stopped at the shoulders, a black tablecloth concealed whatever horrors still remained. And Jade was probably in here when it happened. What if she still is?
That thought forced Ian's feet to move closer and closer to the room, through the doorway, and towards the middle of the room. He didn't stop until he was standing only a few inches from the body. He could see that the tablecloth had a few spots on it, dark spots. Since the cloth was black it was hard to tell what the dots were, but he had a pretty good idea. Ian looked down at the mans head. As he had suspected earlier, his temple was bashed open with blood still pouring from it onto the floor. This is fresh . . . recent.