

Jade turned to Ian, and they hugged. It wasn't a joyful hug, it was a departing hug. The duo stood there, holding on to each other as tight as they could. Ian knew that they were taking up useful time though, and reluctantly tore away from her.

"I promise I'll come back," Jade said. She was using the tone again.

"I believe you," Ian said. At least, I'll try to.

Just before she left to get on the plane, Jade pulled something out of her pocket, and shoved it into Ian's shirt pocket. She patted it and gave him a heavyhearted look. "Whenever you're missing me, just look at this." Before Ian could say anything else, she turned and left him. The stairs closed in behind her.

Ian watched the plane increase in speed as it rolled down the runway and finally take flight. His eyes remained locked on it until it was just a small speck in the sky; a thumbtack in the ocean compared to the atmosphere. He felt the ache of missing her already. Ian pulled out what she had put in his pocket and unfolded it.

It was the picture of them in the ferris wheel.

******

Jade sat down in one of the soft chairs and stared out the window as the plane started inching off the runway. Her insides twisted and churned as they advanced in the air. She decided she wasn't a big fan of planes. Her empty stomach lurched and churned, jerked from side to side as they advanced.

She eventually turned her gaze away from the window to see General Banks staring down at her. He gave a reassuring smile as he took the seat across from her. "So, down to business?"

Jade looked down at the hands that lay in her lap, face showing no emotion.  I left him there. Abandoned him. Just like everyone else he's known. "Yeah."

He seemed satisfied with her short answer. "Let's get started then." Every word after came with its own gesture, its own facial expression, but none of them received a response. "Since you have no idea where I am taking you, I might as well tell you now. California for training. Your training has been specially altered so you will only be there for a month, at most. Then we will head to the east coast, where you will meet your team and be shipped to do whatever means necessary. Is this all clear?"

None of it. "Simple enough to remember."

General Banks clapped his hands together and stood up. "Very well," he said, smiling. "Also, make sure none of this gets out to the public. We put you on a private jet for a reason." He turned to walk away, but whirled around and stuck his hand out. "Oh, and just call me Banks. I don't like the whole 'General' thing."

Jade took his hand warily and shook it. "But isn't Banks your last name?"