
"There's no place like home." Kane tapped his boots together, and Jade caught a glimpse of something flash from the front of the shoe. After staring longer, she saw that it was a small blade protruding from the tip of his boot. In a swift movement, he lunged at the Enemy and grabbed his arm, pulling it down so that it wasn't aimed at his face any more. Several shots rang out, all hitting the blood-stained floor. Kane lifted his leg up, kneeing the man in the gut. He keeled over, groaning in pain and gripping his stomach with his freed arms. Jade thought she almost felt the pain he inflicted upon the man next. With a quick kick to the unmentionables, the man let out a scream that was probably heard around the state. The blade had to be pulled out, and Kane had little trouble with this. Once he got his foot back, the man fell to the ground, still screaming and grasping the wounded area.
Kane stood in front of the man on the ground, his boot right next to the Enemy's face which was pressed against the ground. The man didn't even care, in fact, he pleaded for Kane to end him. He teased the poor guy, running the blade long his face and cutting slits in the mans mask. Tears ran down his face, dripping onto the floor now that they were free. A sob escaped him, and a waterfall of liquid accompanied it. "Come on man, just do it already. I know what's comin'. I ain't stupid. Just do it. Just--" The blade attached to the boot entered the man's temple, a steady stream of red joining the salty trails of moisture. He went limp immediately.
Kane walked to the center of he room, no worries of being shot due to his "disposal" of anyone with a gun. Well, anyone that risked using that gun. On his way, he picked up his machete again, gripping it tightly in his right hand. "Anyone else?"
The leader of this group of Enemies only chuckled as he made a hand signal. "Everyone, take out your blades and move in on him. Make no room for an escape."
Half of those remaining now held a sharp object, something Jade believed was called a katana. They moved briskly, forming a circle around Kane and closing in on him with no time for him to leave. However, he didn't seem worried. The machete remained at his side in the tight clutches of his gloved hand.
One of the Enemies moving towards him hollered out, taunting him. "Having second thoughts about interfering, aren't we? Shoulda just let us do our job, killin' those two over there."
Kane turned to the voice, pointing his machete at the woman accusingly. "No."
He charged at the woman, swinging at her relentlessly. At first she was able to block his blade with her own, but soon lost focus. As a result, she had an uncountable amount of gashes along her chest, bleeding profusely. Kane simply kicked her down, another threat taken down. As soon as he turned around to face the rest coming for him, they all dashed in his direction, ready to slice him to pieces like a banana in a blender. But he was ready.
The first person to catch up to him brought their katana down, as if to bash his head in with it. Kane acted fast, raising the machete above his head and blocking the blow. He pushed upwards to get the blade away from him. The person flailed their arms as if that would help them back up faster. A stupid move on their part. Kane slipped his blade in and out, kicking that person to the ground as well.
Two others ganged up on him, both swinging at the same time on either side of him. Kane ducked at the last minute, the blades almost clipping the top of his hood. The two slammed the katanas into each other, a blade to each arm. Two separate screams sounded in unison as Kane stuck his machete into both of their legs, first right then left. They fell down together just as he stood up.