
In the bottom right corner of the paper several signatures were signed, but one stuck out. "General Banks."
Jade's mental process burst into action, sorting through all the pros and cons of what this note meant. There were far more cons than pros, but the pros that existed were more significant than the cons. Attacks end, vow fulfilled.
She decided then and there what she was going to do.
Of course, there was no way she would tell Ian what she was going to do. Easier said than done, she thought. He's already onto everything I do. She would only tell him at the last minute. She was going to the meeting tomorrow. Without Ian knowing.
As Jade made her way back to the apartment, groceries in hand, she let her thoughts take flight, like birds just let out of a cramped cage. She believed she was born and still living for a reason. There was a reason she hadn't died in the attacks. There was a reason she hadn't burned to death in the daycare. There was a reason she wasn't choked to death during the fight. There was a reason she survived the crash...
All she needed was the why. The only way to do that was to attend the meeting. Jade turned the corner of her street, a visage of determination on her face. Anyone could look out of their windows and know what that meant, and that there was no stopping whatever she had planned. A strong feeling of confidence swept through her. Confidence that the attacks would end, and that she, herself, would stop them.
***
Instead of walking on the sidewalk, Jade took her time in the streets. There weren't many people driving; the most cars she had seen that day were in the single digits. What was usually busiest part of town was occupied with nothing except dead silence. The hairs on Jade's neck stood on end from the quiet disturbance it gave off and quickened her pace. Before long she stood at the back of a short line in front of the City Council Building. She cocked her head up at the giant clock on the top of the building, easily seen against the narrow golden tip. Five forty-five.
It was the day of the meeting. Jade had eased Ian into a nap so she was sure she'd be able to leave without him knowing. She may or may not have accomplished that with a sleeping pill and cup of water, and she would neither confirm or deny that she told him it was a vitamin. Either way, it worked.
And so she stood at the end of a long line that moved at a painstakingly slow pace. The closer she got, Jade could see people signing their names at a table and then walking up a set of smooth stone steps. When they got to the doors they were stopped and frisked by uniformed security guards. Afterwards, one would pull out a scanner and wave it over the person. Sometimes it flashed red, but other times it flickered green. She had no idea what it meant.
Dozens of people had appeared behind Jade in the past five minutes, patiently waiting their turn. There seemed to be an even number of men and women signing up. They were all much stronger looking compared to Jade's small, frail self.
At last it was Jade's turn, and she hurriedly scribbled her name at the bottom of a long list. Afterwards, her pockets were checked for weapons. Good thing I left my pocket-knife at home. When security found nothing, they pulled out their trusty-dusty scanners and waved it in front of her eyes for a total of five seconds. They pulled it away, and Jade waited anxiously for the light to change.
The scanner flickered. It wasn't red. But it wasn't green, either. It was blue.