
The ropes on his wrists fell the the ground in small pieces, sawed in half by Jade's knife. She moved in front of him next and bent down to start cutting away at the ones binding his feet together.
The man squinted down at her, scrutinizing her face with skepticism. "You're not dressed like them. And you're helping me. Why?"
"Because I'm not one of them, and I'm getting you out of here," Jade said. She finished cutting through the ropes and the man stood up immediately, wobbly for a second until he could get used to standing again. "Lino, right?"
"Yeah...how do you know that?" he asked while rubbing his raw wrists. Caution slid over his features and he arched his eyebrows over brown eyes. He held an uncanny resemblance to Tempest; they could've been twins.
"I know your sister. Tempest." Jade bounded over to the door, waiting for Lino to follow. "You coming or what? I don't want to be here another second."
"You're not the only one."
They jogged down the corridor, and as she ran Jade slipped the knife back into her boot. Smart thinking on Kane's part. When they came to the stairs Jade went behind Lino. He kept glancing back at her periodically. Jade could already tell that he didn't trust people too easily, especially when he had a mysterious chick suddenly save him from captivity and claim to know his sister.
Soon they passed the door that Jade had busted open with her foot and advanced even faster down the hall. Now Jade had brushed past Lino and was taking the lead. When she came to the entrance she peered around the door frame, checking for any threats. No dangers that are living. White bodies tainted red painted the front grounds, and their liquids leaked onto the dead grass.
Jade sighed, trying to ignore the lifeless figures, and stepped out into the open. "Guys? You out there?"
Silence. Lino stepped out behind her and looked around, at each dead body surrounding them. "Damn...who exactly are these friends of yours?"
"Lino!" a young voice shrieked. Tempest appeared from behind the rock barrier and ran at a mad dash towards the man, before lunging at him and engulfing him in a tight hug. "Lino, I thought you were dead!"
"Tempest?" Lino looked over at Jade. "You wasn't lying?"
Jade shook her head. "Why would I?"
Lino didn't respond and looked down at his sister. He only closed his eyes and returned the hug. That's when the others popped out from behind the rocks; first Abril, then the twins, and then the big ole' leader himself. They all crowded around the two, and the twins each grabbed one of Jade's arms and tugged her over to join them. Lino cracked open one eye first and then another. "Hey, uh, sis? Who're these guys, and why they smilin' like that?"
"Oh, right." Tempest broke from the hug and pointed to each person. "That one that looks like a pirate, with the eye-patch, that's Abril." Jade looked over to see that Tempest's description was in fact true. I feel like I missed something. "Those are the twins, Maddox and--wait no, that's one's Mathias--he's--oh, never mind. That guy with the disturbing grin on his face is Ayden. And that," Tempest said, pointing at Jade, "is Jade Maliks. The one that rescued you." The girl smiled, and Jade thought it was the first time she had seen her do so.
Lino reached a hand out to each person, shaking their hand. When he got to Jade he added a quiet, "Thank you."