
"Just don't stare at the people who look like drug dealers for too long. They won't bug you if you don't bug them, unless they're trying to make a sale. If they do approach you, just say--"
"Drug dealers? What the hell kind of place are you taking me? My death bed?" Ian said, and sat upright. He shook his head and stared at his friend with raised eyebrows. "Who takes a friend in a bad mood to a place where people are going to try to shove coke up his nose?"
"Hey, that's only happened twice there, and security got it under control. There's your next hint." Evan winked.
"Right, only twice." Ian snorted. "Security?"
"Yep," Evan said, popping the "p."
"Don't tell me you're taking me to a club."
"I'm not taking you to a club."
Ian breathed a sigh of relief and stared out the window as they turned the corner. He could see a large, black building not far from where they were, and it was getting closer with each second. It was dark outside and bright spotlights moved across the walls, illuminating a sign two stories up. The Shockwave: Exlusive Club. To his surprise, Evan took a turn and entered the parking lot of said building. Even more surprising, he pulled into a lot and stopped the car there, turning off the engine.
Ian raised an eyebrow again, and slowly moved his head towards Evan as he eyed a couple across the street getting a little too intimate with each other. "Evan, you said we were not going to a club. So why are we here?"
He raised his arms up in defense. "Hey, you were the one who told me specifically not to tell you. So don't put the blame on me for this one."
Ian huffed and slammed his back against the seat. He stared down at his lap and shook his head. "This is stupid. Just take me home, please. I'm not going in there."
"If I'm correct, Jade dumped you? Yes, of course I'm correct. That means you're open to any other chick. You've got good looks, you're intelligent, and you have charm and humor. If she was smart, she wouldn't have left you. Never date an idiot, if you're serious about her," Evan said.
"If you don't want me to date an idiot, why are you taking me here?" Ian asked.
"Because, this is just to improve your skills so that when a genius from the Mensa Society comes your way, you'll know how to impress her. This place is full of people willing to go along with it, and, no offense my friend, but you're not too good with the ladies. That Jade chick had you whipped." Evan smirked. "And we're not leaving. If you want to walk, have fun strolling those four miles in the dark."
"I hate you right now," Ian said, opening his car door and hopping out. "Let's just get this over with so I can go home."
"Hopefully with someone accompanying you," Evan said. He winked again and slammed his door shut, then locked it and took the lead toward the entrance. He walked straight passed the line and up to the bouncer. "Hey, Bud, it's Evan and a friend. I'm an acquaintance of Mr. Oyel and should be on the list, just check please." Ian raised an eyebrow, but said nothing as the bouncer flipped to the back page. He nodded them through, and moved so they could enter. "Sweet!" Evan said, and burst through the front doors.
It smelled like sweat and alcohol. Ian didn't like the scent, but it wasn't enough to make him barf. No, others were most likely doing that in the bathrooms. Judging by the people that surrounded him, he wouldn't be shocked. Scantily dressed women and men alike strutted and stumbled their way around the large space, picking up drinks and hobbling to the center of the room where dozens of bodies formed one, shaking and moving with the loud beating of the music through the speakers. To his far left was a dimly-lit bar. He would be sure to avoid that place all night.