
"Wish me luck on getting close with anyone. I'm not the best at making great alliances. And when I do, they always end up being like Sixtine. Except, not as extreme as her case. Usually." A memory of the blonde woman dangling helplessly above a massive hole plentiful with flames flashed in her mind, and she shook the thought away.
"Just wait until you meet the twins. They'll never leave you alone until they've gained your full attention and trust." He chuckled quietly to himself. "They try so hard for such simple things. It always ends up being worth it though, even when everyone else dismisses what they're after. They are the ones that can't stand the fly on the wall, even while everyone else doesn't really care. They are the only ones that know that if the fly isn't killed, a whole swarm will infest the place. Every possibility is tossed around in their minds, I swear. Two of my best." Ayden took a deep breath after ending the last sentence. He faced Jade entirely now, smiling. "I can't wait for you to meet everyone."
Jade smiled back, an honest grin. "And I can't wait to meet them. How many of them are there, anyway?"
Ayden snorted and faced forward again. "Hundreds of followers. There's only a handful that really help out though. You'll meet that handful in a while. Oh, I'll name them off right now. There's Logan and the twins, all of which I've already told you about. Then there's Lino and Tempest, River, Abril, Ka--"
Ayden was stopped mid-name as a loud shuffling sounded from behind. The two whirled around to see what had caused the ruckus, and their eyes widened. Jade's were filled with admiration, while Ayden's burned with worry. Several people stood in a large group not far from where they stood, seemingly having come through the same entrance Jade and Ayden had used. They could've been described as any ordinary gang, but the attire they wore signified that they were beyond ordinary.
Each person was clad almost entirely in white from head to toe. White combat boots rose up to just below the knee, and wide, green strips of fabric were wrapped around their waists like bandages. Only a small few had long, satiny ribbons of the same color hanging down at their sides. Moving up, they each wore a tight-fitting white shirt, plain just like the pants. Each wore a green scarf which was tucked into the neck of their shirts. Most eccentric to Jade, though, were the masks. They were entirely white, covering the entire head. No skin was visible, even where the eyes were supposed to be. In place of those lively orbs were holes that had thin strings weaving under and over each other. Jade was certain that they could see her clearly, while she was left blind to true identities.
One of them took a step forward, one with two long ribbons trailing behind them. Ayden in return took one step back. Jade stood her ground. The mysterious person lifted a white gloved hand in front of their face and began fumbling with green strings criss-crossing each other where the mouth should be. After a few short moments of silence, their hand dropped back to their side and Jade noticed that the mouth was now visible. It actually looked disturbing with the green strands simply hanging down. As if stitches were just pulled out and now dangling from someone's lips.
The person took one more step forward, receiving the same response from Ayden. Jade looked back at him, and he frowned. Gathering up his courage, he took a step forward and made his facial expression one of ferocity. "What do you guys want this time?"
"Wait, you know these people?" I am so confused.
Instead of Ayden answering her, the one with the visible mouth did. "Yes, and we know him. And you."
A chill shot up and down Jade's spine, making the hairs on her neck stand on end. "How?" she asked.