
This is going to be harder than I thought. He's in denial, and he's going to keep being in denial.
"It's not a prank. I actually am leaving. Whether it's for good, I don't know."
"Right. And I'm the Queen of England." Ian rolled his eyes, leaving the wall and picking up and old box of ornaments. "You could use some sleep. You're being delusional from lack of shut-eye. I'll just be out here, hanging these up."
Jade dropped the bag on the couch and crossed her arms over her chest. "Am I the delusional one here?"
Ian stared down at the box, which was now open. The bright lights from the tree glinted off the ornaments, and his eyes reflected the colors. They were sad eyes. The eyes of someone who had went through floods of emotion, the feeling of temporary abandonment. He's been abandoned all his life. His parents aren't even his own; not biologically. And now I'm about to put him through more. Jade took a step forward. "Ian..."
His head snapped up and he met her gaze. "You're telling the truth? You're really leaving?" Ian's eyes glistened slightly more and his lip twitched.
"Yes. I'm being entirely honest here," Jade said.
"But why? Why do you have to go again? You just got back... is it me? Am I the reason you've been leaving me here for months on end?"
"No, no! Nothing like that." Jade sighed and looked down at her old sneakers. "At first it was to help others. But now, now it's to help myself. I don't care how selfish that sounds, I need a damn break."
"Aren't there other ways to do that? Why do you have to abandon me?" Ian turned around and rubbed his eyes, not bothering to turn back again. "Why do you do this?"
"I... I'm not going to bother with anymore delays." I need to speed this up or I'm not going to end up going through with it. "Listen, I don't want to hurt you anymore than I already have. So, I'm going to... going to... let's just say that we're not together any more."
Ian stood as still as a statue, not moving a muscle. There were no words, no movements; Jade couldn't even hear him breathing. She shuffled her feet around, taking a few deep breaths before speaking again. "Well, I guess I should g--"
"God damn it!" The box of ornaments that Ian had been holding crashed against the wall, smashing the fragile items inside to pieces. He lifted his hands to his head and pressed them against his temples, pacing the room. "This is not happening, this is not happening. She's lying, this is not happening. This is just one big joke, this is not happening, she's lying." He stopped and faced Jade, furrowing his eyebrows. "You're lying. This is a joke, and you are lying to me. Right? Of course I'm right. It can't be anything else. Right? Right."
"Ian, this is not some big joke. I'm being serious. We are not together any more, and I'm going to leave now."
"No you're not. Because you're lying, and this is a joke. A prank."
Jade took careful steps towards Ian and latched her fingers onto his shoulders. He dropped his arms from his head and stared down at her, a frown pulling at his lips. "Ian. Listen to me. I am not lying, and this is not a prank. I am going to leave. I might be back, but it would take a while. I'm ending this so you don't have to worry. Now, I'm going to walk that way, pick up the bag, and I'm going to leave."
Ian only continued to stare at her as she removed her hands from his arms and took a few steps back. His eyes were empty, void of any emotion much like his face. Giant pools of bare brown. His mouth moved slightly as if to release words, but he continued to close and clench it repeatedly. Along with the clenching, the corner of his lip kept twitching. It was barely noticeable, but Jade caught it. I must've really hit that spot. Hard.