
"What are you talking about, aren't we all going in?" Lea continued asking.
Brad kept ignoring her. "Never-mind, I'll decide. I'll go in, and Jade is coming with me, she's the teams good luck charm. You up for it hero girl?"
"I guess . . ." Jade responded.
Brad was thrown backwards onto the ground, Lea atop of him, a long serrated knife up to his neck. "Tell me what is going on! Now!" She demanded loudly. Rick looked around to make sure no one heard before facing the scene with wide eyes.
"Lea get off of him!" Jade whisper-yelled. "You--"
"You can shut the fuck up little miss perfect hero girl! We all know that you are a useless, good for nothing amateur that is only here because Banks was being the dumb-ass he always is!" Lea scrunched her nose up and furrowed her eyebrows in fury before performing an imitation of General Banks. "Oh, I have an instinct! All 'cause a little light said that you were 'special'! So I'll stick you in a position fit for someone way more experienced, to partake in saving our country!"
She removed herself from Brad, standing up and facing one of the withering trees, her knife hanging by her side by a few fingers. He quickly jumped to his feet and brushed himself off, backing up a little in the process. An uneasy silence overcame the group, each of us watching precariously as she paced back and forth.
Jade took her eyes off of Lea for only a few seconds to ask Rick something, but that was all the time it took. She felt her body slam against the bark of a tree, and began stretching as far away as she could from the cool blade being held against her throat.
"Lea!" Rick yelled. He ran forward to rip Lea away but was stopped in his tracks from a threat.
"One step closer and this will plunge right into her throat!" She screeched. "And I will not regret it!"
He stayed frozen in place, and Lea continued her little "speech".
"Aha, that's right, I have you under my control right now, anyone here tries to save little innocent hero girl, she leaves us." Jade was starting to think that Lea wasn't all that stable in the head.
Lea faced Jade again, snarling. "Banks only sent you here because he had a hunch, and that hunch came from him being drunk, just like these fuckers laying here passed out!" She pointed to the soldiers. "And everyone thinks that you are just so special, because you saved lives in a building. Sure, an act of heroism, but they don't know just how much of a fuck up you really are. For example, your little 'accident' on Greenery Drive. Ha, I'm surprised you're still alive today for me to say that to you. Surprised your little Ian buddy lives on too. I was so sure that he would commit--"
Lea's back hit the tree behind her, making the bark chip away and stick to her back as she fell to the ground, the wind knocked out of her. Jade pulled the pistol out on instinct and turned off the safety, cocking it as she aimed all her anger and hatred for Lea right at her forehead. "I am done with you. Sure, you can mention how much of a mess up I am. You can tell me how I don't belong here. But you will never bring up that summer day back in high school." Jade remembered something she had overheard Lea mumbling on about in the helicopter, and several other times. She figured that the name might have some significance to here. As she let the name slip through her teeth, she hoped that it would get the reaction she was hoping for.
"James."
Jade lowered her gun and slipped it back into the holster.