
"Okay, well. . . I think it's safe to dismiss you all now. We'll now proceed to open the buffet and begin the dance. Have fun!" The man put the microphone down on a podium and walked down the stairs leading off the stage. The crowd began murmuring and many people stood up to go to the buffet. The remaining five shuffled off stage and went separate ways. Brad was leaving the room with Lea close behind, Rick went to the buffet along with the majority of people in this room, and Ayden was left alone as Jade walked to the other side of the room.
Ayden leaned against a peach painted wall and watched Finnian shuffling around some papers on the podium. A small door on it swung open, and he fiddled with something on the inside of it. Music filtered through the speakers mounted along the walls at different intervals. The room itself was about as big as ten cabins put together and tables with black tablecloths were spread around evenly throughout half of the room. There was a large clearing in the center where many people were already filing onto, starting up the first of the dancing frenzy. The upbeat music was quiet as first, but got significantly louder until it was blaring. The lights dimmed substantially low and the room now had a slight darkness to it.
He returned his gaze over to Jade, who was chatting with some guy. He was good looking to a certain extent, and the thought that Jade might be with someone crossed his mind. Of course! Why else would she run away from me? Well. . .there are many answers to that, but this one seems more credible. Ayden let himself believe that it had nothing to do with him, and he was happy with that. He continued watching her. She laughed lightly at the man's comments, and he in return smiled warmly at her. Ayden felt a sense of jealousy brew in his stomach as he watched them both. Why can't I have something like that? I feel like I deserve something good after all I've been through.
Jade leaned in towards the man and whispered something to him and he nodded. She then turned around and joined the endless line of people waiting for their turn at the buffet. This was Ayden's chance to talk to her. He nonchalantly made his way over to her and nudged her arm with his elbow. She looked back at him and sighed. Ayden ignored her obvious annoyance and threw questions at her like water balloons.
"So, do you have a boyfriend? Is that guy over there him? Do you know him? How long have you known him? Are you guys close? Did you have se--"
She cut him off then and there, before he got to one of those 'too-much-information topics.' "Stop! I can't answer them all at once. Give me second." She stopped and made a thoughtful expression before opening her mouth again. "Yes, yes, yeah, a couple years, yep, and you don't need to know that."
Ayden looked down at his feet, disappointment rooting him in place. He really thought he had a chance with her. . . Just one more thing I need to know. "Do you hate me now? Y'know, after what happened yesterday."
She let out a puff of air before looking Ayden right in the eyes. The sage green of them bore into his. They were darker towards the middle and as the jade color spanned outwards it became a greenish yellow. I guess that's where she got her name from. "No, I do not hate you. You just, uh, caught me off guard, that's all." Her colorful eyes showed the truth.
Ayden breathed a sigh of relief. "Thank goodness! So no hard feelings, right?"