
His hair fell back over the spot and he took a step back. "We don't need to mess with that. Sometimes I still feel it hurting. Not sure if that's physical or mental, though." He returned his attention to the katana in his hands. "Now, back to the topic at hand."
Jade sighed. "I don't think this is necessary."
"But it is. Listen, you never know what may happen, and what you may need to know at any given time. This might be one of those things you need to know. Just try it this one time. Please?"
As much as she wanted to deny the session, she knew it would upset him. So, with that thought in mind, she nodded her head, took a step forward, and took the katana from his hands.
And immediately dropped it. The clatter of metal against rock-hard ground rang throughout the room, echoing against the grime-covered walls and making the both of them cringe. Ayden snatched the weapon up as soon as it had fallen. "Careful, careful! I don't want to have to clean your toes off the floor!"
"Sorry!" Jade said, holding her hands up in surrender. "I must've picked it up wrong."
"See, this is what I'm talking about. Both hands. Try again, but this time keep your right hand directly beneath the guard, and have your left as far from your right as possible. Got it? Good." He held the blade out for her before she could respond, and, not wanting to drag the day on, did as he told her. At least this time I didn't almost amputate my own foot.
Jade looked up at him for reassurance that she was holding it correctly. A soft smile worked as confirmation. "There we go. Now, let's work on swinging it, preferably nowhere near my head. Here, I'll help." He walked in a circle around her until he was directly behind her. She felt the warmth of his skin over her hands, guiding her along. "When you swing, your right hand needs to guide your left. Left should be doing something like this." He moved her left hand so that it executed a pulling motion. As he did, he tightened her smaller fingers around the handle.
After a couple slow practices with this, he suggested they try a real swing, which, although reluctantly, Jade agreed to. Each thing he had taught thus far was necessary. With help, it was a simple feat. By the third try, they had made a swing that resembled simultaneously slashing and sawing.
"You're a quick learner, I must say," Ayden said.
"Quick enough to head out and start kicking some butt?"
Ayden answered with a chuckle, as if she had told a joke. "You're far from ready for that. It took years for me to get to where I am, and I've still got decades of learning left. This is your first try. Keep dreaming."
A small drop of disappointment fizzled inside of Jade. That drop soon evaporated, though, with the reminder that without a sharp blade she wouldn't be able to harm anyone. On accident, that was. Guns had safety. Swords didn't. Which brought up another question. "How long do you think the Combatants have been training with theirs?" she asked.
"What, those powdered donuts?" Ayden let out what sounded like a snicker. "Not long, I can tell you that. I've seen how they handle their swords. No respect for the weapon whatsoever. Blades are all banged up and bent. Probably had an amateur forge them."
Jade found herself frowning. "I don't think this is the best weapon to be using if it bends and breaks easy."
"No, no, no. Theirs aren't very good. But Pride-and-Joy here is. You see, they have a very similar model, but they're shorter, made of gammy material, not nearly as well-crafted as mine. This one here has had countless hours of blood, sweat, and tears poured into it, to such an extremity that it may be called art. What makes mine different from theirs is that this," he paused, giving the katana a small shake for emphasis, "can withstand real battle."