
She tilted her head and lifted up an eyebrow. "I could have you sued for false promises. My brain is still very much intact."
The result made Jade feel somewhat bad, mostly because she knew her comment had embarrassed Ian. Although, he did ask for it. He's the one that threw cash at me, not the other way around. He looked down at his shuffling feet again and avoided eye contact. "Well, uh, just forget that just happened. Where's my ice cream anyway? I must satisfy Mama Tum-tums!"
"Yo, waffle-cone chick, give this to your boyfriend over there," a coworker said behind her. Jade turned around quickly, almost getting a face full of vanilla and caramel. She carefully removed it from their hand and handed it to Ian. Hopefully now he'll shut up and spare me the embarrassment. Her eyes flitted over to the couple in the corner, who were leaning close to each other over the table and whispering, casting occasional glances her way.
Ian accepted the treat with wide eyes and began licking at it greedily. He's an odd one. Guess opposites do attract, huh? she thought. He looked up at her, still licking at the vanilla cone like a thirsty dog. He spoke in intervals, taking a lick in between words. "Hey, Jade." Lick. "I think that-" Lick. "I'm gonna go back-" Lick. "Home. That okay?" Lick.
Jade answered quickly so he didn't have a chance to change his mind. "Yes! And try not to embarrass me while you do; I'm not looking forward to more complaints."
He nodded and walked away, still slapping his tongue against the frozen treat. Jade let out a sigh of relief once the bell above the door tinkled, a signal that someone had just left. The last thing she needed was more complaints from her coworkers. It's not that he was annoying, he was just...loud and immature. Which, the more she thought about it, pretty much added up to make the word "annoying."
Jade had always been the one to overlook those factors of him. In fact, that's what she enjoyed about him. That played a major role in why she was still with him. Once you got past all of his cheesy jokes and loud mouth, a whole chamber of secrets opened up. He was actually quite interesting.
As she looked out the front windows at the beauty of November, she couldn't help but fall into a pool of memories. Colorful orange, red, and brown leaves were tossed from side to side and rocked through the air, then released to gently float back down to their places on the pavement. Despite the slight chill that would be travelling through the air, it was fairly warm for this time of year. Considering it was Ohio, the most indecisive region in the country when it came to weather. Last year it had began snowing lightly in September, and by the time Halloween came around it had to be cancelled due to a harsh snowfall, much to the despair of the children she had come to bond with over the years.
Thankfully, this year had been better and everyone was extra creative with the costumes, including herself. Getting everyone to run around town chasing Ian with dozens of cans of silly string was the best part. He had refused to wear a costume, so Jade schemed with the kids to make one for him. Even better, he was a good sport about it, nicknaming himself the "Makeshift Mummy." It had been the best day of the year by far.
The deeper she thought of all this, the closer she drifted to the memory of what had brought them together in the first place. Jade shivered, not wanting to divulge in that particular moment from the past. I still have the scars from the accident.
Jade turned towards the television mounted on the wall, hopeful that it would help clear her thoughts. She strained her ears to listen to the conversation between two news reporters. "...and that's all we have on the reports of stolen accounts at NationCred Bank. Back to you, Marie."