
Kane held up his hands in surrender, feigning fear. "Oh no! Not the mattress! Oh please, anything but the mattress!" He chuckled lowly, taking one more step forward. This time, Jade only took one step back. "Alright. I'll answer you. I don't want anything to do with you, although you are fun to mess with. You're here because you agreed to do something with Ayden...at least that's what he said. I'll question you later on what that thing is. And this, my dear friend, is the Resistance Base. We have a much better one in Ireland, but this'll have to do for now. Any other questions?"
Jade was skeptical of this man, but his answers seemed honest enough. She tried her luck with another question. "Where's Ayden?"
"Ah, I knew that one would come around at one point or another. He's in the lower levels, helping Logan out with something. And worrying his ass off about you."
"He's worried?" Jade asked.
"Of course he is. He's a worrying machine. Always on about how he's responsible if anything happens to any of us. The best leader of anything I've ever known. Then again, he's the only leader of something I've ever known personally, so I'm a bit biased. I'll take you down to him later, but before then you need to discard that clothing." He faked a barf, going as far to add sound and all. "Blech, blue and white. No, you're going to need to look like me. Wait, that's impossible, no one is as sexy as me." He struck a confident pose, which earned an eye roll from Jade. This guy doesn't seem like he wants to bash my brains in. Still, I should stay alert...
"Well, what would I wear? This is all I have."
Kane held up a finger and rushed over to the other side of the room to pick up a box. He walked closer to Jade than he had been before, which made her extremely uncomfortable. She wanted to move back but stood her ground. When he stood directly in front of her he dropped the box, his eyes still hidden and most likely focused on her as it landed at her feet. "Open that box. Put on what's in it. I'll leave. Knock on that door when you're ready."
He walked away in long strides, exiting the room in the blink of an eye. Jade heard a door close and she deemed it safe to check what was in the box. She crouched down and flipped open the cardboard flaps, pulled out the clothing, and laid it on the cot so that she could examine them. There was a pair of tight, black pants. Wonder how I'm going to get those on without suffering from butt strangulation. Next to those was a short-sleeved red shirt, simple and dark in color, and then there was a long, black jacket with no sleeves. It was kind of like a vest, but way thinner and not connected in the front.
Sighing, she slipped each piece of clothing on, surprised that they all fit perfectly. I don't want to know how they figured out my size. Some things are better left a mystery. She looked down at her bare feet, then back at the box. She peeked inside and pulled out what was in it, a pair of black combat boots that matched Kane's. Let's hope this one doesn't have a knife hiding inside. Risking a cut on the foot, she shoved her feet in and stomped on the ground to make sure they were on nice and tight. To her relief, nothing sliced open her toes. "And I didn't die from butt strangulation," she said to herself. Just to be sure she didn't leave anything out, she checked the box again. She had missed something. A very familiar emerald necklace lay at the bottom of the box and she reached in, then clasped it around her neck. Whew, almost missed that.
She walked over to the door Kane had left through and raised her clenched fist in the air. With one last look at the dank room, she knocked. The door flung open, and there stood Kane, gesturing for her to follow him. There was a set of stairs a few feet away from the door, and in Jade's opinion they didn't look safe to use. Kane had already began bounding down them, dirt and dust flying up with each step. After another moment of hesitating, which she seemed to be doing a lot lately, she cautiously placed each foot on the rusted stairs, hoping that they wouldn't give out under her and send her plummeting who knew how far down.