
I'm tearing.
Jade clasped her hands together. "But you know what? If I do come face to face with it once I open that door, I won't fight it. Just this once, I'd let myself wither away. I'd let myself disappear." She snorted. "The bright side of that would be no more clingy Ian's bothering me. No more sneaky Ayden's bringing me into things I don't want to be a part of. I don't want to be a part of anything that I don't want to be anymore. No more happy go-lucky Rick's, no more crazy Lea's, and no more loud Brad's. I am one hundred percent done with everyone."
I'm tearing into pieces.
Jade stared back at her reflection again, this time with a frown. "No more pieces of cardboard. No more hesitation. No more weakness." She let a hand slide over to her heart, and she drummed her fingers against it. "No more vow." A small voice in the back of her head kicked and screamed, but only one thing made it to her mind. Easier said than done. "Hmph. That reminds me, what will I do about those two? Ian and Ayden; the only two that know about it."
At the mention of Ian's name, a feeling of dread filled her stomach. It wasn't foreign, but she still hated the feeling. It made her want to throw up, to vomit into one of those smelly toilets behind her. Jade had felt that dread ever since they had been reunited on the lifeboat, and she had no idea why. Whenever she looked at him, that feeling burned in her, engraving hot marks on her heart. I need to make this feeling stop, I can't be around him anymore. I feel like it'll end up killing me someday. But Ayden, oh, that was a completely different story. A very complex and confusing story. Honestly, she had no idea what she felt towards him.
And both of those scared her. Both of those ideas scared her.
"I need to get out of here." Jade was sweating now, and she backed away from the sink and her reflection. She jogged over to the bathroom door, grasped the handle with her clammy hands, and swung it open at an alarming speed.
What she didn't expect was to see Ayden himself, in the flesh, standing just outside. He lifted his head, a concerned look on his face. "Are you okay? I saw you run in here, and when you didn't come out after about ten minutes, I started getting worried."
Jade gulped, and brushed past him.
"Jade?"
"I have to go. I need to...feed the octopi." With that last statement, Jade rounded a corner and started running away.
I'm torn into pieces.
[][][][][[[[[]]]][][][][]
"Nine thirty in the afternoon. We should be docking soon." Ayden hid behind a wall, listening in to a conversation. One between the captain of the vessel and a member of the crew. I need to know how much time I have.
Another voice spoke, one much older and probably more experienced. "I saw the faint outline of land on the horizon just before the sun set; we should be there in under an hour."