
As they plowed through the water, Ian couldn't help but begin watching a very hyper boy nod his head around. He had a cowboy hat on and a bandana wrapped around his neck. Ian tried guessing his age, he couldn't be any older than seven. The more he watched, the more he moved around. Before long he was stomping his feet on the bottom of the boat and tipping his cowboy hat at everyone. Some people scowled at him while others just stared in amusement. His gaze settled on Ian and he stopped. "Mommy, why is that man's eyes so droopy? You told me droopy-eyed people need lots of help."
Ian looked down at his hands, not wanting to make eye-contact with anyone. Kids will be kids, I guess...
He felt a small tap on the shoulder and looked up to see the cowboy child standing in front of him. "Don't be sad, Droopy-eyed Man. I can help you!" He tapped his chin with a small finger. "Hmm. . . I know! I'll make you happy, and maybe your sadness with go away!" He put a hand in his pocket and placed the other on his hat. The hat was pulled off of his head and he held it near his chest. Clearing his throat and standing up straight, he opened his mouth.
"Oh, say can you see! By Donny's early light! What so proudly we held, at the Twilight Saga's last screening! Whose rod striped and light stars, through the Perry less fight!" The boy was singing the national anthem loudly and in a very odd voice, messing up quite a few words. Ian felt his lips perk up at this a bit. "Over the ramped arts we watched, were so gall stonely! And the rockets bread beer, the bombs bursting in hair, raised the roof through the night, that our flag was still where!" Ian was trying hard to hold in his laughter. This kid is the best!
At the last verse of the song, everyone seemed to join into the song. However, no voice could overpass that of the young child's. Even Ian joined in. "Oh say does that star spangled banner yet wave! Over the land of the free, and the home of the brave!"
Ian had a full-blown grin on his face and the child took it as a success. "Look everyone! Droopy-eyed Man in happy now! Mission accomplished!" Several people clapped, and even more were chuckling. Ian smiled more, thanking the kid.
He began making his way back to his seat but stopped and turned back to Ian again. "Jade is awesome by the way!" He turned around and went to sit next to his mother again. his smile had faded to a small grin and his thoughts switched over to Jade. She'd better be okay . . .
A loud sound close to thunder going off in ten places at once sounded behind Ian. His head whipped around to a massive bright light coming out from the side of the cruise ship. The colors changed rapidly, reflecting first white, then yellow, then orange across the waves. The flames soon turned into black smoke. He could smell it from over there, the putrid smell of fire and ash. Many people in the boat were screaming and wailing at the sight, yelling things like, "It's the end!" and plenty of, "Oh my God's!"
A wave of heat swept towards them, warming Ian's skin and blowing his hair as it passed. He began to sweat, but not just because of the heat. Sure, the warmth was a factor in it, but a thought entered his mind just then. What if that blonde chick lied?
The ship seemed to disappear into the night. It was lit up like a christmas tree just a few seconds ago, but now it was blending in with the pitch black night sky. The only thing that proved that it was still there was its darkened shape concealing a large portion of the stars and the orange flames illuminating certain portions. Ian hadn't noticed it before, but he felt wet streaks falling down his cheeks and his eyes were burning. What have I done to deserve seeing things like this? I've have to watch things like this happen since before I can even remember. I'm just asking, why do I have to witness any more?