
Jade turned back to the rod and began pulling strainfully at it, trying to yank it away from the wall to use it as a defense. When it didn't budge, she began frantically tugging it, throwing herself around like a rag doll as she tried to displace it. She turned around one last time to Victor and Vale, who were grinning at her struggles. In sheer anguish at their actions, she gave the rod one last tug and fell to the ground with a thud, the metal still in her hands. Maybe it's best to let your feelings out. Point proven with this stick thingy.
Jade scrambled to her feet again instantaneously, wasting no time in raising the rod above her head, mocking Victor and Vale. The grinning visages they had once possessed fell from their faces, giving them a menacing look. They seemed to have forgotten about Ayden altogether, paying no attention to the wide-eyed look frozen to his face.
Vale rushed at the girl and swung her nightstick towards her face. Luckily, Jade saw this coming and deflected the blow with her own rod. Jade had a hand on either side of it, holding it in a horizontal position. Pushing up with as much force as her muscles would allow, she moved Vale's stick further away from her own face and more towards the guards. Vale pushed down on Jade's as well, causing the two to be stuck that way. Neither of them took the risk of moving, as to avoid being at the others advantage.
Suddenly, Jade heard a whizzing sound above her head. The sound was cut off before it could get too close, and a struggling sort of grunt sounded behind her. Out of curiosity she turned around, still pushing against the rod, to see Ayden and Victor scuffling about on the floor. While still being turned around, Jade began falling forwards before feeling a sharp pain on her shoulder. She let out a shriek and gripped the rod tighter as she hit the hard, wooden floors. She had landed on the arm that had just been hit, and a short scream followed as more pain shot up and down her left arm like bolts of electricity.
She looked up to see Vale towering above, smiling evilly. Jade's grip on the rod had loosened when she had hit the floor, so Vale took this to her advantage and kicked it further from Jade's reach. No! She held the nightstick above her head once again, causing a long shadow to stretch along the floor beside Jade. She flipped onto her back and began scooting backwards, holding up a hand in front of her face protectively. Vale took her time with following her for a while, but most likely noticing how much room was available for the defenseless girl to make a break for it, she sliced through the open air with her baton. Jade clenched her eyes shut, not wanting to see it coming her way. The blow never came.
Her eyes cracked open slightly to see Ayden on top of Vale, trying to wrench the nightstick out of her hands. Victor was laying on the floor holding his bare stomach. Torn pieces of black fabric were scattered around him and he looked like he was in distress. Taking a risk, Jade stood up and walked over to the man cautiously. There was only a portion of his shirt missing, and the bullet-proof vest he had been wearing earlier was nowhere to be seen. A large, thick bruise was already beginning to register beneath the hand that rested on his stomach. Damn, what did Ayden do to him?
Victor moved a shaky hand up to his helmet and removed it, tossing it to the side. He looked up at Jade helplessly, but once their eyes locked on each others his facial expression changed into one of fear, then sadness, then anguish. He opened his mouth slowly to speak. "I'm not done here yet. I will give Finn the show he wants." He placed the hand that wasn't cradling his stomach on the floor and sat up. As he did so, he winced and cringed. Toughing through it, he continued pushing himself up until he was standing, or more accurately, slouching. His back was arched as he kept one hand on his stomach. Jade took a second to check on Ayden, he had gotten the stick away from Vale and now they were trying to keep the other pinned down below them on the ground. Out of the corner of her eye, Jade saw Victor's free hand move to his side. Once she realized what he was doing it was too late for her to act upon.