
Jade had no idea where Meridian Park was, nor did she have any intent to study a map to figure out where it resided, so she just faced the back of Ayden's head. So much has happened in the past few days, and so much more is about to take place. When am I going to get a break?
Not any time soon, that was for sure. Ayden started the "engine," if that's what it was called. Jade wasn't sure on the mechanics of anything other than cars. Even then she only knew the simple motions to driving it.
The bike roared to life beneath her, and she gripped Ayden's shoulders tightly to keep from falling off. "Y'know," he started, yelling over the sound, "At any time feel free to hold on tighter." The he coughed and added, "So you don't fall, that is."
"I am perfectly--whoa!" Jade dug her nails into his shoulders as the bike jerked forward. He stopped abruptly, a few inches away from where he had started, and placed his feet back on the ground. She loosened her grip. "Sorry." He nodded in forgiveness.
I'm going to have to hold on some other way. Jade lowered her arms until they were level with her stomach and slowly slipped them around Ayden's waist. He flinched, surprised, but eased himself back into comfort.
All around them, the sound of engines coming to life filled the air. It was like a chorus, a symphony of vehicles. Ayden's voice boomed above them all. "Alright! We're heading out; I'll take the lead, the rest of you follow close behind! And, above all else, do not stray or take a different route!"
And with that, they were off. What was once fluorescent, forced light was now dimming natural sunlight, and it poured over buildings and between alleyways and around people. They all turned heads to watch the line of motorcycles exit the shop. None of their faces were visible, the light having shadowed their identities. Being In The Dark(!!!) is never a good thing.
The motorcycle changed gears, and it went twice as fast as before. Jade tightened her grip of Ayden's torso and pressed her helmet against his back, suppressing a scream of terror. Oh god, I'm gonna die.
"You're fine," Ayden said above the roar of the engine, "Here, look to your right."
Despite how much she wanted to keep her eyes clenched, she did as he told. He wouldn't make me look at something that would make me freak out, would he? Slowly but surely, she turned her head to the right. Her eyes opened.
An unimaginably large expanse of water glistened with the oranges and yellows the sunset was casting upon it, and soft breezes pushed tiny waves along their way. On the other side of the river trees grew in front of white buildings that popped against the sky. The most prominent of these buildings, though, was the Washington Monument. It was like a blade stabbing at the sky, jealous of its colors that itself was lacking in.
Jade was in absolute awe. She turned her head slightly and saw a bridge that went all the way to the other side.
"It's the Potomac River," Ayden said, "We'll be going across it."
Few small trees shrouded her view of the river, so she stared at those instead. They were free of leaves; dead. Branches twisted with each other like bony fingers clutching to each other. If only everyone in the world were like these trees. There wouldn't even be a war.
Jade's breathing hitched as Ayden sharply and barely avoided a car. The stretch of road ahead looked fairly clear. "If I die I'm going to kill you," she said.
He chuckled. "Good luck with that. Hey, they behind us?"