
A/N: I apologize in advance for the exceeded length of this chapter. I have my reasons for not splitting it up, so please don't get pissed at me or anything. It's like 50 Shades of United, damn.
~~~~~~
I hate this plan. It had so many holes and it could go wrong at any point during the mission. Let me elaborate. The plan was for Jade to go over to The Enemies, right in the middle of it. Undercover. Her job was to act as a citizen of former Ireland. Why they targeted America was beyond her, but what she did know was that she was going to get them to stop. Anyways, Jade's job was to see how everyday life was over there. To see whether there were mobs and such, or if it was completely normal. If it was normal then she would apply for a job at the medical facility that her team had failed to search on the previous mission.
Banks had ordered people to somehow get fake identification papers so that if anyone suspected Jade, she could just pull those out. They said that her name was actually Ava Bowen, who was a single 23 year old nurse looking for work. It seemed like a good enough fake identity to her. She just hoped that no one else would be able to tell that it was a hoax.
Jade was currently in a helicopter heading towards her destination. She had been finding herself in these flying contraptions a lot lately. They were going to drop her off at the same place she had been left last time, and from there she would go under the overhang until she dried off. No one should be there that late at night. Then, in the morning she was to go to town, observe how everyone acted, and at the end of the day check into a cheap hotel. A suitcase would be carried that held a change of clothes and some money.
While the helicopter soared through the air, Jade wondered aloud. "Why don't I just get on a plane at the airport and come here? It would be much simpler."
"The Enemies have blocked all planes from entering past the coast. They won't let any Americans in, or anyone for that matter, so we have to sneak you in. If I were you I would pretend to be Irish...I heard the citizens aren't very fond of us either. Try not to talk if you don't have to, and if you do keep it short and simple," Banks explained.
"Ah. Okay." Today wasn't going to be a talkative day, that was for sure. Jade leaned back and closed her eyes. Might as well get some rest while I can. I won't be getting any more anytime soon. Oh man, I hope I don't have to talk. My Irish accent sucks.
*****
Damn, darn, dang, so cold! Jade ran faster than she had ever ran before, even faster than how she had ran when being chased by a mob with rifles. She knew the water would be colder than last time, but wow. She shivered violently as she made it out of the searing cold wetness and shuffled to the overhang. It was odd to be back in the cave-like area without her team. Her teeth chattered as a small current of wind blew against the rock walls and bounced back at her, drying her dripping pant legs. Just half an hour, and I should be good to go to the streets without anyone getting suspicious.
Her prediction was right, and she lugged the small suitcase towards the dirt road to town. It was quite empty, except for a few people on the streets. Most of the street lights looked busted except for a few every so often. The air was salty, but she knew that was because the ocean breeze blowing off and up here. Then again... Jade made sure there was no one able to see her, and then craned her head to sniff herself. I better not stand too close to anyone...they'll know that I've been swimmin' with the fishes.
She proceeded onward. Banks had given her a run-down of the area she was to be observing, and a map just in case. Her priority at the moment was to get to the hotel she would be residing in for the next week. As she walked, and odd-sound came from just ahead, like liquid being blown into the air. It reminded her of one of those "odor-eliminating" bottles. Her head turned in the direction it was coming from and she made out the dark outline of a figure moving their hand in fast motions in front of a wall. She squinted harder and saw that the person was holding what she guessed was a bottle of spray paint.