
Jade tried to make the comparison in her mind. Combatant weapons were, from what Ayden had said, flimsy and useless compared to his "Pride-and-Joy." They could still cause great injury and death, but they weren't strong.
Ayden moved over to the safe with the weapon held tightly between his palms. His voice was hushed while he rubbed at the surface of the blade with a rag of sorts. "The difference between our blades is the proof that sometimes time and patience are better virtues than speed and strength."
With that, he placed the katana back in its place in the safe, closed it, and began walking away as if they had never disturbed it in the first place. However, one thing would evidently be amiss for the next person entering, for Ayden swiped up a small silver box from a dust-infested table, leaving a dark square on the rotten wood. Jade would wait to ask him about it later, and followed him out the door and down the stairs to the Centre once more.
Jade's hand trailed along the encrusted railing as she followed him down, down, down, ignoring the small chunks of rust that came off and joined along for the ride. She was more occupied with her thoughts. Why does he want to teach me how to use his katana so bad? Should I continue learning? What's he got in that box he's clutching onto for dear life?
As soon as they reached the floor for the Centre Ayden sped forward in a sudden burst of energy and excitement. He looked like he was galloping again, skipping, even. "Hurry up, Jade! This is big stuff! A big moment for the Resistance!"
All right, that box definitely has something to do with this, Jade thought. She walked to the door Ayden had already entered, taking in the sound of her feet tapping against the metallic ground. Noise echoed all around, engulfing her in what would never be silence. For some reason she felt that if the place was empty there will still be something bouncing from wall to wall, like a shallow draft, or the faint buzz of a fly.
When she finally entered the Centre, Ayden was running around like a mad-man, herding everyone around the trash-can-fire-type-thing. Most of them were giving him odd looks, raised eyebrows and all. Maddox looked like he was about to say something but Mathias clamped a hand over his mouth and forced him to sit down on an old box. Abril and Logan were the only two not concerned about Ayden's unusual behavior. They complied without question.
Lino was the only person able to get a word out without being shushed by Mathias. "What's all this about? You ain't rounding us up for another outing, are you?"
"No, the next outing is tomorrow, ding," Maddox said, sticking out his tongue as Lino glared at him. Mathias shared Lino's expression.
"Sorry for askin'. This guy's unpredictable. Bet he's gonna make us go out to find that masked man pretty soon," Lino postulated with a sigh of irritation.
"Everyone shut your holes so Ayden can get on with it!" Mathias said. Wonder who got him so worked up.
Jade saw that she was the only one not seated, evident by all the eyes resting on her expectantly. They wanted her to sit. Ayden met her gaze, flicked them over to a crate, found hers again. She moved in haste, nearly tripping over her own feet. Somehow she seated herself and the eyes left for the bubbly leader.
Ayden held the box out in front of him. He cleared his throat and asked for Logan to come up. He did, and took the box in his own hands, staring down at it with awestruck eyes. Jade couldn't see why; it was just an old box. Maybe it had to do with what its contents consisted of?
"Logan, open it and show them what's inside," Ayden said. "They may not get it now, but we know. They'll figure it out eventually."