
"This is not you Jade! We have to get going, now!" Brad said. He took the uniforms off of the soldiers and handed the smaller one to Jade. She was in it in no time, her anger converting into energy and the need to get out of there as soon as she could.
Brad and Jade headed for the warehouse. She only looked back once, to see Lea staring at her. Not glaring, for the first time she had seen her. No, there were distinct emotions playing on her face. Sadness. Rage. Fear. And Jade knew why. I'm not the only one with secrets, apparently.
*****
The two team members kept alert as they walked towards the only opening they knew would open for them. It was extremely hard for Jade to just act casual, knowing that she would be surrounded by people that wanted her and the citizens of her country dead. She wondered if Brad was thinking the same things. Jade had noticed that he tended to have a natural talent for keeping his emotions hidden. As the door slid upwards she started shaking, finding it almost impossible to keep her back straight. But remembering she had Brad with her, the man that could probably knock someone's head off their shoulders with a single punch, she regained her composure.
A tank rolled out and the two strolled past it, walking straight into the eye of the hurricane. They seemed like ants compared to the massive tank. The first thing Jade immediately noticed once she entered the warehouse was the long wall that stretched on and on. Not only were there very bright lights reflecting off of the silver looking metal the wall was made out of, it was endlessly lined with all kinds of weapons, from small pistols to the biggest bazookas she had ever seen. There were dozens of things that Jade couldn't identify, most of them looking brand new, only used once, glistening back at her as if it knew that she wasn't supposed to be there.
"Hey! You two! Get over here!" someone yelled with a very loud, deep voice.
Their instinct's made them jump, but they gained composure again and marched towards the voice. "Yes sir!" We sound so fake.
". . .Hmm . . .You two look suspicious . . . very suspicious indeed, yes you do. . ." That's it, we're dead. Goners, doomed, dead. Jade nudged Brad's arm, hoping no one saw the small gesture.
"I do not understand what you mean, sir!" Brad shouted.
"You two are too . . ." Jade waited for him to say the next words. "Serious. It's a time for celebration! At least for now. Everyone needs a little relaxing time." She mentally sighed with relief.
The man walked over to a table quickly and came back holding two bottles of a beverage. Alcohol. "Take these and knock yourselves out!" He dismissed the two, walking away with a drunken grin on his face.
Brad and Jade walked slowly past the shining wall of killing machines, pretending to drink. They couldn't afford to not be in the right state of mind. Their job was to take mental notes of this place, so that's what they did. Each time they walked back and forth past the endless line of guns, grenades, and unknown things, they took note of how many of each there were.
After a while Jade said something. "We probably look suspicious just examining these, no one else is really doing anything."
"Isn't that a good thing?" he replied.
"True . . . we should still move on to a different part of the warehouse." Jade pointed towards where she had seen all the tanks in a separate room, a large doorway not concealing anything from her view.
They silently walked towards what they were positive was supposed to be the "garage." The line of enormous tanks seemed endless, each fit with massive machine guns and tons of objects attached to the sides neither couldn't identify. "We barely stand a chance against these guys," Jade whispered.