
When she finally caught on to the unholy deed she had just committed, her eyes widened and she went all wobbly-legged. "I-I-I didn't m-mean to k-kill him! I j-just--"
"Oh, well done, well done. I was going to kill him off anyways, but it seems you've already done the dirty work for me. If I didn't know any better I might've hired you as well." Ayden and Jade wheeled around to see a grinning Finn. She had completely forgotten about his presence in the spur of everything else going on. Jade glanced over at Vale, who was still holding her arm and looking up at Finn along with them.
"You're sick, man. Just let us go and we'll leave you alone!" Ayden yelled. His black button-up shirt had small tears in it, and evident spots of moisture were visible, pressing against his skin.
"Let me think about that." Finn held a finger up to his chin and tapped it thoughtfully. "No. Vale, I suggest you take care of at least one of them so you don't end up like Victor over there."
Vale gave the bloody corpse a sorrowful look before lifting her head to look at her targets. She gave them an apologetic look before narrowing her minacious eyes and pulling a gun from her belt. "I'm sorry. But rules are rules, deals are deals, and I'll be killed if I don't do my deeds." Instinct drove Jade's movements as she grabbed Ayden's arm and dashed behind one of the thick pillars. Bullets skimmed the wood, causing splinters to fly out in every direction and shower the ground.
The bullets ceased for a moment and footsteps approached their whereabouts. Jade held the rod poised above her head. Am I going to have to do this again? she thought, already distressed by the fact that there was a dead body a few feet away from her. And he's dead because of me. He wasn't just a piece of cardboard. He was real, flesh, bone, thoughts and all.
"There's no sense in hiding, Vale already knows where you are," Finn stated loudly, his voice echoing throughout the empty room. The footsteps were just to the right. Jade gripped the rod tighter than ever, the skin on her knuckles white. This one is cardboard though. Cardboard for now.
As soon as Vale came into Jade's line of sight, she swung the rod as hard as possible at her neck, listening as a broken, cracked shriek emanated from her throat. Vale's hands flew up to her neck as she stumbled backwards and onto the floor. As she laid there coughing and grasping her neck, unable to speak, Ayden nudged Jade's arm slightly. She looked up at him and he nodded his head to the exit. After looking at Victor's unmoving body and Vale's struggling one, Jade bolted to the double doors. I can make it! We can--
Her thoughts were interrupted by Finn's thunderous voice. "What?! How could I have hired such idiots?! What the hell? This isn't how the show was supposed to end!"
The two reached the doors, and as Ayden placed a bony hand on the shining handle, Jade turned around to see if anyone was chasing them. To her absolute horror, Finn had pulled out a gun and was aiming it at Vale. With a brief flick of a finger he pulled the trigger and Vale's body went limp, blood trickling down her forehead. Jade swallowed the vomit that had begun to trek up her throat and turned back to the doors. Ayden flung them open and pulled her through along with him. He slammed them shut, and Jade followed suit through the lobby.
A muffled voice sounded came from behind the closed doors. Jade couldn't quite pick out any audible words, probably for the better, and continued running through the emptied lobby. The floral carpets and shimmering lights mounted to the walls didn't fit with the situation. The more she thought about it, the faster Jade ran. We are on a ship that may or may not be damaged. There is a crazed man out for my blood. And I was the cause of two deaths and counting...