
Rick was well aware that Jade was exhausted and deprived of sleep, mostly because he too needed to rest and they had both gone through the same grueling and traumatic events. Neither of them could sleep no matter how hard they tried; Rick had tossed and turned on his bed and Jade spent the entire night staring up at the ceiling. Now he was going to use his buddy's car to drive her to headquarters. A sigh escaped from his mouth as they got in the car and drove on. I feel so bad for everyone. We've been through too much, and it's far from over for most of us. The ride continued on in silence.
The only sound was the hum of the engine and other cars whizzing by. However, like she always did, Jade broke the silence. "I'm sorry."
"What are you apologizing for?" Rick asked.
"For everything. If I wouldn't have mentioned James she probably wouldn't have--"
Rick cut off her sentence, not wanting to have to go through this kind of conversation. "That wasn't your fault. You can't blame yourself for that. I believe it happened because, well, honestly, I don't think that Lea was all that...stable. And I know you think the same thing. We all saw what she did to you and Brad during the mission."
"Well..." she trailed off.
"You don't give yourself enough credit. You've done so many great things for everyone, Jade. Don't put yourself any lower than you are right now."
"You sound like Ian when he's being serious for once." She snorted, but not because she thought it was funny. "He doesn't give up until he figures out he's not going to win. I can tell you're like that too."
Rick hatched an idea in that creative brain of his. "Tell me more about Ian. It'll get your mind off Lea."
Jade looked down, sighing. "Might as well. It'll pass the time. Ian is so...dead set on the idea that he's the other half of me, and that I'm the other half of him. He believes in all of those foolish things like that. If one of us is hurt or not functioning, the other one starts to fall apart. Mostly him, but when we see that, we fix it and then I guess and we're okay all over again. I don't really want to go into detail..." She looked up. "What about you though? I know close to nothing about your life. Tell me."
Well then. She really flipped that on me. "Dang. I knew you would ask that eventually."
"Well? What made you join the military?"
Rick sat there remembering that little girl with those adorable dimples and bright green eyes that she had gotten from her mother. Her mother. . .both so full of cheer and happiness.
He sighed once more. Keeping it in for so long wasn't healthy. And Jade was his friend, or at least he considered her as one. Almost like the sister he never had. Time to spill again.
"There was this girl I really loved. She was so beautiful too...Long blonde hair that she always kept in a bun, green eyes that glistened like wet grass in the morning." Rick paused to take a deep breath. "She was so full of energy and joy. I loved everything about her. Things happened, bada-bing bada-boom, she gave birth to a child. We were still young, only a couple years out of high school. But,wow . . . that little girl. Just like her mother. Except even more amazing and precious. She was two years old when it happened..." Rick could feel his throat tightening. I don't want to think about it, I just want them back.
"It's okay. You don't have to keep talking about it if--"