
A/N: I apologize in advance if you found this chapter kind of boring. But, character development was much needed when I went through the edits, and I figure that this scene will help boost that factor up. I tried adding a bit of humour, although what's funny and not varies between people. I promise the next chapter will be, uhm, not boring.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A heavenly smell wafted in through the open door. That was a first. Jade sat up, and she was relieved that her head was no longer dizzy and throbbing like it had been yesterday. In fact, the only way anyone would be able to know something had happened to her was the fading red mark lining her neck like one of those old-fashioned choker necklaces, which wasn't as noticeable as it should've been against her skin tone. She flung the covers off of her legs and stepped out of the bed, placing her bare feet on the dark, hard wood floors. She tested the waters to see if anything would change when she stood up. Nope, she was still good.
Jade slowly walked towards the kitchen. The fragrance of food became stronger the closer she got. She turned the corner, exiting the living room and entering the kitchen. Oh, god. Ian had a pink apron covering his white T-shirt, and the article of clothing also had a face sewn into it; a cartoon-like image with its tongue sticking out and winking. It seemed like he was struggling with the eggs frying in the pan, concentrating on scraping the food onto a spatula.
Jade couldn't help it. She burst into uproarious laughter. Tears trickled down her cheeks as she failed to contain her chortles. Ian laughed alongside her, well aware of exactly how ridiculous he looked. Jade's stomach rumbled, demanding food, and she realized just how hungry she was. She hadn't eaten since yesterday, which had only been a small bowl of cereal.
"Sit down." Ian brought over a steaming plate of disfigured eggs to Jade and set it in front of her.
She thanked him and pulled out a chair. "Hey, Ian, are you feeling okay? This isn't like you to cook at all . . ."
"I guess I just felt like being productive for once," he joked.
Ian sat down across from Jade, a plate in front of him as well. They both crowded their mouths with the eggs, chomping down happily. Their plates were cleared within a minute and Jade picked up her empty plate, sticking it in the sink. She twisted the handle and water sloshed against the dish. There were a few other dishes so she figured now was as good a time as any to get these done and over with.
She grabbed a never-before used sponge and placed it on the counter. Plugging up the drain, she let the water fill the sink. As that went on, she stood on tip-toes and flipped open a cabinet door with her index finger. She placed her knee on the counter and felt around the cabinet, trying to find what she needed without having to put more effort forward. Luckily for her, she found exactly what she needed and plopped down from the counter.
"Soap will forever be one of my favorite things in the world," Jade stated as she poured some of the dish soap into the water.
"And why is that?" Ian questioned.
"Because this." She gestured to the bubbles forming and taking up the rest of the room in the sink. She shut off the water and reached into the soapy wonder, grabbing a greasy plate and scrubbing at it with the sponge.
Ian took a few strides over to Jade and leaned his arm on the counter. She gave him a sideways glance as she wiped yolk off the white dish. He drummed his fingers on the counter and looked everywhere except at Jade. It was making her suspicious of him, and what he was scheming.