
"Sorry...got ahead of myself." A sense of childhood giddiness had seemed to come over her, knowing that she might get home earlier than expected. Her mind was already skimming through all the ways she might be able to get Ayden to take her there.
"We need to keep an eye out. The harbor will be heavily guarded. They won't let anyone leave." Ayden looked down at her. "And that's why you're going to go in the thick of it."
"What?!" Jade's eyes showed clear confusion as she waved a hand in front of his face. "You're trying to kill me off now, aren't you?"
"No, no. If I wanted to do that I would've done it where no one would hear." He reached a hand behind him, and when he brought it back in front of him, a glistening gun occupied the space between his fingers.
"You had a gun?!?" Jade exclaimed in horror.
"Well duh. Ye never know when ye gonna need it these days." He turned around and Jade heard a series of clicks. Probably reloading it...he had that thing the whole time?! She walked over to a tree, with her back turned to him. She didn't care how stupid that action was, she just felt so betrayed that looking at him wasn't an option.
The fabric of the back of her shirt inched upwards, and she squealed. "Hey! Get off!" Jade attempted turning around only to be shoved into the tree, unable to move.
"Oh shush. I'm not trying anything funny." Ayden stopped lifting the shirt about halfway, and Jade could feel a small breeze on the exposed area of her back. Now she knew what he was doing. Well, shit. He let her go and she immediately turned to face him and backed away.
"I'm not the only one that's been hiding things." He now held up two pistols in the air, one was black and the other was silver. Both were aimed at Jade and her eyes widened in shock. "Oh, calm yourself. You scare too easily." He lowered both and handed the silver one back to Jade. Her immediate reaction was to let out a sigh of relief.
"Don't you ever do something like that again. I might just shoot you," she told him, giving him a look that could kill. He only chuckled.
"You wouldn't. You need me." He has a point there. "Are we going to get out of here now, or what?"
*****
The abandoned building where Jade had overheard the headquarter man speak about the meeting when she had been there on her first mission served as a refuge now. Ayden peered out through the broken glass, waiting to give the signal that they could run. The riot-men were checking every boat for anyone that may be hiding out. The plan was to run to Ayden's boat once they had already checked it and wait until the watchers were at least halfway down the boardwalk.
Ayden's hand made a swirling motion and he ran faster than she had ever seen anyone run in her entire life, other than Olympic track athletes on television. Jade followed suit and belly-flopped into his boat, making it rock against the waves. They both rolled under white ledges on opposite sides of the floatng death-trap and tried to conceal themselves as much as possible. Jade felt her gun poking into her back, reminding her that there might be a time she'd need to use it.
Might as well look around while I wait. The boat was small, at least, smaller than any of the other boats in the harbor. It was white and was very plain compared to the vibrant red, green, and blues that coated everything else in the harbor. It resembled a small motorboat, except it was slightly larger.