
"It was like a nightmare, it's painful for me, because nobody wants to die too fast."
+++++

"I need to show you something."
Jade looked up from her half-eaten can of cold kidney beans, a spoon still on its way to her mouth. She raised an eyebrow at Ayden, gesturing for him to continue, and proceeded with dinner.
Ayden chuckled, and for what reason Jade was clueless. "Just follow me," he said.
Jade shrugged and set the can on a crate beside her. Let's not make it seem like we're extremely curious as to what this is, okay me? I wonder what he's so smiley about...
Logan looked up from a can of his own and gave Ayden and Jade a toothy grin. He waved. They returned the friendly movement. His attention was averted by Abril, who placed a torn-up baseball cap on his head, something she must've found laying around somewhere. It fell past his eyes just like his hair, and he laughed as she tightened the strap at the back so it would remain where it should. He gets on everyone's good side so easily. Even River's, y'know, before he up and ditched us.
Jade wasn't positive on her opinion of River. He had never done anything to harm her or affect her in any way. He had done, in a mild sense of the word, nothing. Sure, he may have punched Ayden in the nose, but other than that, no other negative rumors had found her ears. She didn't even know what he looked like. Likewise with Kane, but at least with him she had an idea of his personality. River was a blank canvas in need of paint. The image was to be determined; it could be a serene landscape or colorful splatters of paint, a calm portrait or an abstract jumble of shapes and lines.
Jade didn't like not knowing. With every sense of her being, she just wanted to walk up to the masked man and rip the veil off. What would be his reaction? Would he resort to violence? Or would he walk off as if nothing had happened? Would he even notice?
But she had lost her chance. River had disappeared, and she was left with the regret of not acting. It was a little thing, and she didn't need to know, but she wanted that knowledge. Why am I so worried about it? No one else seems to care. Charlie had already replaced River, having taken the cell room. The door wasn't closed, but he was asleep, and showed no sign of waking up anytime soon.
"Are you coming or not?" Jade jumped out of her trance. Ayden was waiting patiently at the door, tapping his toe against the rough concrete of the Centre.
"Yeah. Just thinking," she said, hustling to catch up. The two bounded up the stairs, each step having seen years of erosion. But erosion from what? No one could've been in the underground foundation for years, decades, centuries. At least, that's what it seemed like to Jade. What baffled her most, though, was how she had improved on her opinion of the stairs. Despite having feared them when she arrived, she used them just as easily as a brand-spanking-new staircase.
When they arrived at the second to top floor, Ayden took a detour down a hall. Jade followed. Many doors branched off the hall, but he paid no mind to them. He seemed more interested in a door at the end, one with a giant "A" carved into the door. Rust ran along the surface of the door; it reminded Jade of mutated snowflakes the way they were scattered about in patches.
Ayden pushed open the door and held it open for Jade. When they were both inside, he closed the door behind them, and practically galloped to the other side of the room. Jade raised an eyebrow. "What's got you so hyper?" she asked.
"I'm gonna teach ya how to use my blade, that's what's got me so hyper." He turned his back to her and began fumbling with a lock on a safe. It was a tall, thin one, and covered in years of rust just like the rest of the place.