
Jade made a bee-line for the guard. Luckily he had been watching the twins instead of her, and she easily sent him spiraling to the ground with the bottom of her weapon. The leader jumped several feet in the air, startled, and in the process he had dropped his rifle. The two eyed each other for half a second before they competed for it.
He had grabbed the handle and she had a strong hold on the other end. His hand was much closer to the trigger and she was face to face with the bullet's exit. They stared each other down. "Well," he said, "Looks like you're in a rut."
Jade tried tugging it out of his grip but failed. "You could say the same for yourself."
"Despite where you are right now, you're still backtalking me. Why is that?" He tilted his head.
I have no clue, actually. She voiced her thoughts.
"Your behavior interests me. Usually people run away, or they struggle. You're just sitting here talking to me, with a gun pointed at you. You came to me. You're not trying. Just talking. Why?"
Why am I doing this? I could just shoot him right now, my gun is in my other hand. She squeezed both guns.
"I could shoot you also, and you're doing nothing. Talking and sitting," she said, leaning back slightly.
"Hmph." He pressed his lips in a straight line. "I suppose you're right."
A shot came from where the twins were and someone cried out; the voice was deep, Maddox and Mathias were okay. The Combatant sighed. "I'll strike a deal with you. If you put your gun away, I'll let go, and I'll tell you where Ian is. Comprende?"
"Deal." She slipped her pistol into her holster and leaned away from the end of the rifle. He stuck true to his word. The gun hit the asphalt, and Jade kicked it away. "Spill."
"Straight to the point, you are. Alright. You have gone by a building built into a cliff, correct? Sorry, gone in. And killed a large sum of my men..."
"Yes, yes, continue. That wasn't me, by the way. Just one of them. Talk so I shut up." And so I stop thinking about how I killed another person.
"Go back there and face the front doors. Head right. There will be a secluded building; huge, towering building with lots of glass. That is our headquarters and he'll be kept on the top floor. Lots of security, bring as many people as you can. I'll try to transfer some to another group." The man stood up and held out a hand. Jade took it skeptically and he hauled her to her feet. They parted as soon as they were steady and kept a distance of several feet.
Jade looked at him curiously. "Why are you helping me?"
"You are different from others I have dealt with. Way different from those you have familiarized yourself with." He nodded towards Ayden. "I believe someone with such a mindset of your own should be assisted."
"Sounds like a loud of crap, but I'll take it."
"Right. Now, I'll ask you to do the honor of knocking me unconscious."
"What?"
"So they think I'm dead. Look, I want to help you but I don't want to die. Hurry up."
Jade raised an eyebrow and blew out air. "Okay..." She moved forward and raised the butt of her gun.
"Wait." He grabbed her wrist. "Good luck."
When he released her she swung the gun down and hit him right in the temple. He collapsed to the ground in a heap, and she felt sorry for him. That's gonna hurt in the morning.