
Jade lifted a hand to point at it. "What's this?"
Ayden seemed to come out of his trance. "Huh? Wha--oh. It's nothing." He turned to face her, yet avoided making eye contact. "It's just a birthmark."
"Sure it is. I'm absolutely positive that's what it is." Jade narrowed her eyes.
"Well, once your sarcastic self figures out what it is, I'll either confirm or deny your conclusion. Now are you going to answer me or not?"
"Fine." Jade stared at him with a scowl on her face. Sometimes he really grinds my gears. But the weird thing is that I can't stay mad at him. She raised her eyes to meet his, those electric shocks of blue flickering inside of his eyes. Her scowl slowly fell from her face unintentionally, and her expression was void of any emotion. I wonder how he does that?
"Checking me out again, Maliks?" He wiggled his eyebrows, smirking. Or, as good as a smirk could be with a stitched up cheek.
"Oh, shut it." Jade let go of the railing and turned around, leaning against it with her back and crossing her arms over her chest. "So, the vow."
"Continue," Ayden said. "I'm just dying to know this. Wait, I don't think I should be saying things like that. You never know, I might end up being pulled overboard by an army of killer octopi. It doesn't seem all that impossible considering everything that's happened."
"Right. Anyways, th--"
"And not to mention how I've jinxed things so many times. Maybe I should bend down and knock on this wood we're standing on."
"Good for you, now I'm going to start--"
"You know what? I'm just going to walk over there so there's no chance an octopus can get me. Do you think that's a goo--"
"Shut up and listen to me damn it! Or I'm just going to decide that I don't care why you held back!" Jade was fuming. She knew that it wouldn't last for long though, it never did around Ayden. He leaned back, still gripping the railing, and gestured for her to speak. "Okay. As I was saying, I made a vow. That vow was made after a very...traumatizing accident."
"I bet I know which accident that was," Ayden said.
"No more interrupting, or I'll personally throw you overboard to the army of killer octopi." When he said nothing more, Jade continued. "Since you keep popping in, I'll just get straight to the point." She took a deep breath, letting it out slowly. I can trust him. With anything. "I felt as though I owed the world something for saving my life. So, as soon as I woke up, I made a vow that would rule my lifestyle from that day on. I would do what I could to help anyone and everyone that needed it. It became my obligation, and I feel as thought that's what I was meant to do from the beginning. And that's what I've done."
Ayden stared at her intently, deeply, and Jade stared back. Does he think it's stupid? Ian did at first...