

Jade looked down at her feet in embarrassment, feeling her cheeks heat up. It's normal for someone like me to have never used a gun before. At least, I think it is... A cold object was wedged into Jade's fingers. Here we go.

The first target popped up in the large room ahead of her, and, surprised that it was starting so fast, fired. It missed. The target disappeared, and another one from faraway popped up. The bang from the gun rang out, and Jade scowled as the bullet barely skimmed where the arm on the target was supposed to be. They were shaped like the average human with targets on the head, abdomen, and heart. I hope I don't end up in a situation where I actually need to hit those...

Jade gulped and shivered as a cold sweat began to break out on her brow at the thought of shooting anything living. I can't kill anyone. That would be going against my vow.

"Focus and calm down, or you'll never make it out alive on your missions." The woman reloaded the pistol and thrust it back into the trainee's hands. Jade gave her a questioning look. Before she could ask any questions, the woman rolled her eyes and spoke first. "Your trainers have been told of the situation. Special training, remember?"

Jade nodded in understanding and turned back to face to targets, remaining silent. Her thoughts were ablaze, however. It's better to keep my mouth shut and not ask questions. People can be unpredictable. Jade cleared her thoughts and raised her pistol. Her target stood its ground in the center of the room, taunting her with its blank stare. It mocked her, mocked her very presence. You don't belong here... Jade's gaze hardened and she clutched the pistol tighter.

"Are you gonna shoot or what? It can't hurt you, and if you're worried about hurting it, then stop. It's just a silly piece of cardboard. Now shoot and get it over with." The trainer behind her leaned against the wall, arms crossed. "And we both know it's too late for you to chicken out now."

"You're right," Jade said, without really thinking. She let her finger squeeze the trigger, and a shot rang out in the lifeless room. A shred of light shone through a diminutive hole in the target, in the center of its abdomen.

The woman moved up to stand next to Jade, and out of all things, smiled. "That's what I like to see. Keep that up, and keep what I told you in mind."

Jade nodded as another target shot up from the ground. Just a piece of cardboard.

Bang.

******

"You're surprisingly really good at that, especially for this being your first time." Apparently Banks had been watching Jade shoot the whole time, evaluating the little skill she had. "Seems you're a quick learner. That's a valued trait around here, keep it up."

They entered a large room, one that resembled Jade's old high school gym. A sizeable mat sat in the middle, which just so happened to be Jade's destination. A broad man stepped forward, muscles the size of mountains aligning his biceps. He stepped on the mat in front of Jade and gave her an obviously forced smile. "You must be Ms. Maliks, my 'special' trainee."