
All the memories she had shared with Evan came rushing back: the time he had fallen in the fish bowls, the revenge he had gotten on Ian by dumping a cup of ice down his pants, taking classes with him, receiving a "get well" balloon while she was in the hospital. Everything. She had been conversing with an old friend just two minutes ago, and now that friend had a bullet in his brain.
Ian's eyes were practically bulging out of his head at the sight of his best friend on the ground. He trembled as if his blood were made of ice, and his chest heaved and fell like he was hyperventilating. Now he began struggling against the ropes. His eyes showed clear fear, but they weren't on Evan's body. They were to the left of Jade, cast on the other side of the divider.
Whoever was over there had killed Jade's friend.
And whoever was over there moved directly next to Ian and aimed a pistol of his own at Jade. At seeing the shooter's face, an immediate fury came over her. She clenched her fists so tightly that she swore the skin over her knuckles would rip apart, and ground her teeth together so hard that she thought she'd chip them. There was a menacing glint in the almost black eyes that stared into her anguish-filled green ones. The man's eyebrows were naturally angled downwards, but even more so with the expression he held. She couldn't tell if he was frowning or smiling, either.
"It's nice of you to come visit me again, Jade Maliks." Finn cocked his pistol. "I knew stealing your little pet here," he paused, elbow Ian in the shoulder, "would draw you to me sometime. It only took you two days, too. Impressive."
Jade spoke through clenched teeth. "You will let him go, right fucking now."
"Oh, someone's getting feisty!" Finn said enthusiastically. His tone dropped ten degrees next. "I don't know if you've noticed, but I'm the one with a gun."
Jade jerked hers up so that it was aimed at his. Finn lifted his chin up and stared at her down his nose. "Let me rephrase that. I'm the one with a working gun, sweetie."
"I don't think that makes any difference. You will let Ian go, or I will kill you and free him myself." Jade was shaking for a whole new reason now: rage. Heat rushed through her veins and pumped in and out of her heart to spread through her entire being. Adrenaline controlled her mouth. "Let him go!"
"Such a brave one you are. Tell me, where's Ayden? You know, that rascal that's been saving your puny self over and over again?" Finn took a step closer to her, his lips twisted into what was trying to be a half-smile. "I'd bet he's downstairs fighting for you to snatch up someone he hates. Face it: he doesn't really want to save Ian. He's only doing it because he knows you'd hate him for not helping. And he hates being hated. Take it from someone who's known him since grade school. And now that I hate him, he hates me, and he'd kill me for it."
"What's this have to do with anything? Just let Ian go!"
"Ah, ah, ah. Patience. I was getting there. To my point, I mean, not letting anyone go." He chuckled. "What I'm trying to say is that if you escape here without Ian, Ayden will still run away to save his cowardly self, and you would start hating him, and he'd begin to hate you, and then he'd kill you for it. I'm just trying to help you out."
"I don't see how anything you do could help me other than cutting those ropes and letting him run," Jade snapped.
"But I know how I can help. Since there's no way Ian will be getting out of here, I want to spare you the back-and-forth hatred game. I could shoot you now and all of it could be avoided."