
Ian reluctantly walked back into the kitchen to look for food again, when the phone started ringing once more. The feet moved over to it on their own, and he just stood there, staring at the phone with a blank stare. It stopped ringing after a few seconds.
"Okay. If it rings one more time, I'll answer it," Ian told himself. He turned around and opened another cupboard. Let's see...there's some noodles. A couple cans of soup. He picked up the cans. Chicken Noodle, Bean & Bacon, Homestyle Nood--
Ring, ring, ring. Ring, ring, ring.
Slamming the cans on the counter and stomping over to the phone, he grasped the receiver tightly and held it up to his ear.
"Just tell me she's dead! Don't drag it on for me!" Ian yelled into it.
"Someone sounds pretty eager to hear about my death. It's not exactly what I wanted to hear after speaking to the same five people for two months."
Ian was suddenly unable to move his mouth or make audible words. It was her. She was alive. He hadn't been wrong in his assumption of what the news had said. He was listening to her voice.
"Hello? Are you there?"
"Um...uh...." Ian trailed off. Still couldn't speak. He was in a state of shock right now.
"English please, Ian. You know I never passed French in high school."
She was so upbeat even after all this time. She had no idea how much pain Ian had been in, and she was cracking jokes. He began to fill with rage, but then realized that she must've gone through some tough situations too, much harder than his own.
"Yeah. I'm here," he finally managed to force out.
"Good, I thought you somehow got amnesia and forgot how to speak for a second there." The phone crackled as she chuckled to herself.
"Come home."
"I. . .can't," she said, the happiness in her voice dropping.
"Why not? You've been gone so long, so long, and it hurts every day. Please, come home." Ian couldn't contain the words spilling from his mouth.
"I won't be coming home tomorrow. I have to go somewhere. . ." she trailed off.
Ian was silent for a minute, thinking of what to say. All his feelings were bubbling up inside, like boiling water on a stove. And the water was about to spill out of the pot. "No, no. No! You're not going to stay away from me any longer than you already have. You're coming home, now. I'll rent a car and come pick you up, just please. Come home."
"I don't have a choice, Ian. trust me, I would if I could. But I can't. Just. . .just wait for me. Promise me you'll be patient and take care of yourself."
"I've been waiting for long enough. Come home." Ian put emphasis on 'come home' each time he let it spill out of his mouth. He wanted her to get the meaning, for her to say 'okay, I'm on my way.' But she never said that.
She sighed on the other end of the phone call. "I'll try my best to come home. But it's going to take a while, okay? Do me a favor and make sure you're all healthy for when I come back. Okay, Ian?"
Some part of him deep down knew that she was just saying all of that just so he wouldn't worry about her as much. But his irrational side was in the building now, and it believed every word. A part of him felt like she wouldn't come back and that he would never be able to look into those deep green eyes, or hold her soft hands, or hear her tinkling voice ever again after this phone call. But all he said was, "Okay."