
"What?" Clonk! Ayden had whacked the man upside the head with the taser, knocking him out cold. He stood up again and brushed himself off, looking down at the taser in his hand. Shrugging, he slipped it in his pocket.
Jade trudged up to him. "Why did you have to do that? He wasn't going to do anything to you!"
"I know," Ayden said. He began walking in the other direction, towards a set of escalators. "I did that so that when the Enemies come in here, they'll think he's already dead and simply side-step him. If I'd let him leave, he'd have run into them outside and they would have killed him."
Well, now I feel like a jerk for yelling at him. "Oh."
"Oh is right. Now come on, we don't have all day." He began bounding up the escalators, which weren't on, of course. Jade did the same, and soon they were on the second floor of the mall. There were more lights here, making her feel safer. As safe as someone can be in this situation. God, I can't stand the dark. And cramped spaces. Especially cramped spaces. Pretty sure the accident caused that little phobia of mine. Jade picked up the pace, ignoring the thoughts that had started to take a dark turn.
"So, what now?" Jade asked.
"Not sure. I guess we hide out for the rest of the night, and when morning comes and this place opens we bolt. Yeah, that sounds like the best plan right now." He looked at the different shops on each side of the hall. "There's no getting into any of those. The food court is a big no-go. Hmm..."
Jade squinted down the long hallway, finding it somewhat difficult in the dim lighting. "The hall opens up down there. Maybe there's something there?"
"Maybe." Ayden didn't seem convinced. If anything, it sounded like he didn't think they would even find a place. He transitioned to a light jog, leaving Jade with her thoughts. He's pretty tense right now. I don't blame him. There's not much I can do to help, I'm not very good with things like this. I never was. I just make things worse. Just take Ian for example, no wonder he hates--
"Shut up brain!"
Ayden turned around so that he was jogging backwards. "You okay over there?"
"Peachy."
"Great. Hurry up, I want to look over as much of this place as I can." Jade rolled her eyes and sprinted down the hall until she was right beside her partner-in-crime.
When they finally came to the end of the hall they slowed down. It opened up into a large, circular area, and there were more lights here than anywhere else in the building so far. The lighting gave off a light orange hue, much to the relief of Jade. More lights meant a more secure place in her eyes. Many halls branched off around the area, each of them darkened, obscuring what belonged in each of them. To top it all off, a wide, glass dome was positioned above the center of the area.
"Let's head to the middle. We'll be able to see the most from there," Ayden said.
Each footstep rang out, echoing in the large space as they approached the center. Soon they stood just under the dome, observing the room with the idea that anything could be used to their advantage as a hiding place. "See anything?"
"No. No place that would keep us hidden for long enough, or well enough. We need a better...do you hear that?" Ayden's eyebrows furrowed as he stared off into space, probably trying to find whatever he had heard again with his ears.