

Jade could only nod, intimidated by the mans unimaginable size. He let his smile drop to the floor from his face. "I see you don't talk much."

Banks let out a deep chuckle from behind. "You can say that again. I bet she'll be talking your ear off in a few weeks. Just watch, that's how this usually works."

Jade raised an eyebrow, but she didn't think anyone noticed. Have others been 'specially trained' before?

"If she'll even be able to speak after the sessions," the man said, eyeing her up and down, much like the gun-trainer had done. "She's a frail one, fragile. It'll only take one missed block to break her."

Jade was growing frustrated, and clenched her fists slightly. "Can you two please not talk like I'm not here?"

The muscle-man grinned and looked past her shoulder at General Banks again. "Feisty, she is. Maybe I'll be surprised." He took a step closer to Jade and stared down at her tiny figure. "Can you surprise me?"

Jade remained silent, sent back into her unease from him standing so close to her. I bet he could knock my head clean off my shoulders. Best not to mess with that. "I asked you a question, Maliks, and I expect you to answer it. I will repeat myself only once. Can you surprise me?"

Jade sighed, and took no time to go over the words in her head before she said them. "If your idea of me surprising you with strength is what you're talking about, then compared to you, no. In fact, I'd be surprised to see you petting kittens without squeezing them until their eyes bulge."

The man was swept up in uproarious laughter. "O-oh my, she's a funny one too!" He wiped a joyful tear from his eye before putting on a discouraging visage. "Hit me."

Jade almost fell backwards. "W-what?"

"I said hit me. You know, throw a punch. Let's see how hard you can hit."

"I don't want to hurt y—"

"You probably can't. Look at yourself, and then at me. Do you honestly think that your puny arms can harm me, the strongest Maloy in the family?" The man brought his hand up to his cheek and tapped it with a finger. "Hit me."

Jade crossed her arms. "I will not do that."

The man by the last name of Maloy seemed defeated for a second, but light sprung to his eyes and he straightened his back. What's he planning? "Very well then. It seems that you really are weak," he said. "Both physically and mentally. But don't worry about it, that's perfectly fine. I'm going to start estimating things now. How long will Maliks last out in the field? Maybe, hmm, an hour? Half an hour? Ten minutes? Those seem like reasonable guesses. And just think of how many lives will be lost due to her inability to fight? Such a shame really, I have no idea why General Banks—"