
As she wrapped his arm up, her thoughts had wars with each other. Each roll brought another explosion of fighting amongst them. Remember what Finn did to Ian...I can't let anything like that happen again. I need to make sure he's not a target. But how to do that?  Jade finished the small roll and kept the bandages in place with a few small strips of medical tape. She patted the area gently, unconsciously, and began packing up the supplies. The only way I can think of is to not make him an object of bait. This all started when I joined this group.
Kane stopped her. "You were hit out there too, weren't you?"
"Hmm? Oh, that. It just skimmed me. I'll be fine."
He still rolled up her sleeve and examined the mark. "You're still kind of bleeding." He picked up a clean side of the towel and dunked it in the water, and began patting at the small injury. Then he picked up a gauze bandage and secured it to the wound with tape. "That should help some."
Jade proceeded with picking up the supplies. Kane said he'd take care of the bowl and blood-sodden towel, and headed to the door. "What about your cloak?" Jade asked, stopping him.
"Oh. Right. I'll take these out later, then," he said, placing the items in a discarded box.
Jade placed the kit where she had found it, but didn't move afterwards, only stared in deep thought. But what will Ayden do? What will any of these people do?
"Jade."
She whirled around to face Kane and his beautiful disaster. "You don't have to stay with us. Trust me, you being involved is putting Ian in more danger than you being with him. Knowing these people like I do, we won't hate you for it. We're not like Finn. And I'll be damned if anyone says otherwise."
She gulped, wringing her hands. "But what about Ayden? Can you say the same for him?"
"I'm HIV positive that he won't hate you for leaving. Not even in the state he's in now. After all, you do what's best for the people around you, right? Wouldn't want Ian to get hurt any further than he has been."
"Where would I go?"
Kane went over to the cot and picked up a dark red piece of clothing. "You'll figure it out. That's the vibe I've gotten ever since you showed up. You adapt quickly." He threw crimson over his shoulders, shoved his arms in vermilion, covered his chest in scarlet. "Just remember what we've been trying to teach you."
Jade furrowed her brows in curiosity. "And what's that?"
"If you are really one of us, you'll figure it out soon enough."
And with that, he flipped his rose-colored hood over his chemically scarred features and blind eye--Jade found it strange to see him as she'd always seen him before--and, with a whoosh of his cloak, left her to her own devices and probable demise.