
"I have no idea. Wing it, I guess." Jade sighed and took a step closer to the ledge. Her fingers latched onto the side and she stared solemnly at the dark waters. While she stared out into nothingness Ayden stared at her. There were still traces of smudged black make-up but she was still gorgeous. Thin locks of hair stuck to her face and her dress was matted to her body.
"What do you mean there's no more boats?!" a familiar voice screeched. Oh, hell no. Why is she still here?!
Ayden whipped a head around to see a livid Sixtine. Her face was becoming redder every second, her once perfectly curly hair was sticking up in some spots, and her dress had a long tear up the side. Not that she probably minded, she'd probably worn more exposing things before. "They've all been filled and lowered, miss," the frightened man explained.
Sixtine only became more infuriated. "But we had a deal!"
The man looked sorry for a moment, but quickly masked it with a visage matching the womans' in front of him. He reached an empty hand in his pocket and pulled it out, clutching hundreds of dollars. "Do you see this?"
"Yeah, so?"
He waved them in front of her face before throwing them up in the air. "Your money can't save you any more than it can save me." Sixtine gave him a horrified look as the bucks fluttered down and surrounded their feet.
"B-but--"
"Leave."
Sixtine had a disgusted look on her face. "Quoting Titanic now because you can't think of anything better?"
"Yes, I am, but not because I can't think of anything. It just seemed to fit in with the situation perfectly. Unless you would rather have me spout plenty of insults your way, I suggest you leave." The man gave her a confident look.
Sixtine gulped before spinning on the back of her heels and leaving him behind. Ayden would've forgotten all about her then and there if she hadn't turned and began walking in his direction.
Jade had been watching the feud between Sixtine and the man and hid behind Ayden once she saw her walking in their direction. Luckily, Sixtine was staring at the ground and hadn't seen them yet. There was still time to avoid her. Ayden turned around and ushered Jade to begin moving in the opposite direction, gently shoving her as he went. We might be able to get away for good! We just need to--
"You!" Ayden cringed at the voice. Nevermind. He remained standing with his back to her and Jade did the same. They did stop walking, however. "You need to just die already!"
"I have to say the same about you," Jade retorted. I have to agree with that statement.
"Oh, just quit the tough act already. We all know you're not actually like this." Sixtine flipped blonde locks over her shoulder.
"Just leave us alone. Don't you have better things to be doing, like eating off Finn's face?" Ayden asked. The quicker she leaves, the better.
She made a disgusted sound before opening her mouth to speak again. "I would, but he's considering business matters with that general."
"Nothing he says would keep Banks from locking him up," Jade defended.
"Oh, don't be too sure dear. Some people are not always what they seem. Take me for example." And with that, Sixtine whirled on her heels and strutted away from the two. Finally! I was about to just push her overboard myself. Jade was staring blankly after her, probably lost in thought. She did have a point though. . . Ayden placed a hand on Jade's shoulder and she looked up at him with moist eyes. He fought the urge to give her a hug, no matter how much he felt that she needed one. He needed to regain his self control. But it's too hard not too. Just as he was making movements to wrap arms around her, that annoying, high-pitched voice emanated from above.