
Jade shifted from memory to memory, not finding anything of significance. Finn let out an annoyed puff of breath. "Let me try again. Two boys arguing. Ring a bell?"
She continued to try remembering anything that he might be referring to, but it seemed impossible. Finn placed a hand on his forehead. "Ice cream shop, a fight, you knocked a few teeth out of me, I almost killed you, now do you remember?"
The gatekeeper of thoughts seemed to have fallen asleep because dozens of memories flooded into her mind. Jade heard the familiar voices over and over again. "This is what happens when scum like you defy me!" "Come closer and I snap her neck like a twig!" Images of him stumbling backwards into tables with a bloody nose came to mind, his rage-ridden expression engraved into her eyelids. Jade gasped and covered her mouth with a hand. It can't be, can it?
"So you do remember me. I thought you would have forgotten completely, seeing as how you're so 'busy' now. Took forever to get someone to bail me out of jail after that, put me weeks behind schedule. Now I'm going to make up for that lost time. But since you two seem to be everywhere I go, foiling my plans--" He lifted his head confidently. "It would just be easier to kill the both of you off now. Problem solved. Well, for me anyway." He laughed at his own sick humor.
"You're not going to touch her!" Ayden yelled.
"Oh? And what will you do to stop me?" Finn asked. When Ayden remained silent, he chuckled softly to himself. "Exactly."
"Why are you doing this?" Jade asked, completely oblivious to the matter at hand. "Is it just because of you getting landed in jail?"
"You misunderstood me. Yes, it made me want to cause physical harm to you because of you putting me behind bars for a couple weeks, but since you were only trying to help a man in need, I quickly got over it. I had heard plenty about your 'heroics,' as some may call them, but dismissed them only as a coincidence. But it was when you showed up on that carrier where I realized that you needed to go. So, here we are," Finn explained.
"Okay, I understand why you'd want me dead," she said. "But why are you after Ayden too?"
"Many, many reasons. Too many to name off one by one. For example, he took the only job opportunity that he knew I had wanted ever since I found out I could live my life in that style. He caused this--" Finn grabbed the collar of his shirt and pulled down, exposing a stitched up shoulder. It looked almost deformed the way it was being presented. He fixed his shirt the way it was before, concealing the unsightly wound. "And of the most pivotal acts he could have done, he betrayed his people, his country, his family and friends. He's a traitor and he deserves to die."
"Says the Boss' little pet! You do every single thing he tells you. I bet if he were to tell you to kill your brothers and sisters that you would do so because you believe he has an importance equal to a god. You are just a pawn in his silly little game of chess, and soon he'll discard you just like all of his other playing pieces. Just like me. That is why I left. I was meant for more than what his plans needed me for. And now he's gotten a hold of you," Ayden declared.
Finn's face twisted into one of fury for a few moments before quickly being masked with a proud smirk. "You're an idiotic buffoon. I'm done talking to the both of you." He faced the two people standing behind him. "Victor, Vale, get them. And make it interesting, I expect a good show for my front row seat."