
"Oh. Guess country folk have it easier. 'Ere's your Taytos. 1 euro please."
Jade pulled money out of her pocket. It was salty and wrinkled at the bottom corners, but it would have to do. She handed it over to the man, exchanging her currency for the small sack of food.
Just before Jade could fully exit the gas station, the man said something that made the hair on her neck stand on end. "Be careful out there, American. It's dangerous 'ere. If I could leave 'ere I would. Don't let anyone else find out about ye. I doubt even the leader of that there resistance group could save ye."
Her feet became glued to the floor, causing her to freeze in place. Even the shivering seemed to have ceased. How does he know? Am I really that bad of an actor? Damn it, why'd I flunk out in drama class in high school? Oh wait, never-mind. I didn't flunk, I was kicked out 'cause I poured milk in Ken's hat. I'm getting off topic! This always happens when I'm nervous and scared and all that, and then I ramble on and on in my head about stuff that doesn't even make sense anymore, like how dogs are falling from trees and cats are climbing up them chimneys and shit, I don't know.
"You okay over there?" Jade turned back to bald headed man. He smiled. "Never mind then. Go on. Get what you need. But do it fast. Hurry."
And with that, Jade was in the streets again.
The entire sky was painted a deep, deep blue. Perfect. No sleep for me tonight. She was supposed to stay in that country for five days. Four now, the trip here counted as one. Stores began opening one by one as Jade trudged along the empty sidewalks, and she took a guess that it was around 5:30 in the morning. Then again, I have no sense of time whatsoever. Somehow she ended up in what she guessed was a park. It couldn't really be called a park though. The play-equipment for children was all torn apart and mangled, the swings were cut off the poles and lying with no point along the grass, and there was spray paint everywhere.
"Make them pay."
"Give us vengeance."
"Destroy them or we'll destroy you." There it was again. These people must be enraged. Who knows what the citizens would do, let alone the military?
Suddenly, faint yelling found it's way to Jade's sense of hearing. She stood up and hid behind a wall where she couldn't be seen, but she could see whoever may be making those sounds. There was an adult man signalling to a small group of some other guys. They held metal sticks and walked leisurely to the front of a building. When she looked closer, Jade noticed that the building was a place where people could donate to help the military.
The group joined with the man that was yelling, and they all pointed to the building. They were speaking but Jade was unable to make out what was being said. She brushed off the matter. It's probably some pointless chit-chat that won't help me at all. The sky was now a lighter blue than before, but still dark. Since it was evident that she wouldn't find a hotel any time soon, Jade walked over to one of the few park benches that hadn't been bashed to pieces, laying her head on the suitcase which would be used as a pillow. Might as well try while I can.
*****
Jade's eyes snapped open, slowly adjusting to the bright light shining in her eyes through the dying leaves attached to the trees above her. It seemed like it was around noonish or a little after that. She didn't really pay attention to that though, she was more concerned about the loud voices she was hearing coming from the other side of the wall. They sounded angry, demanding, and like there were dozens of people talking at once. Jade sat up quickly, becoming dizzy for a moment for getting up too fast, and looked towards the tan-bricked wall. It was blocking her view. Okay, okay. I see how it is. You're gonna make me go through the work of getting up now. Give me a break, just one.