
Eventually the overgrown grass began to get shorter and shorter, while the cliff was towering high above, vines climbing up the side up it and clinging on for dear life. The trees began to start looking bright and lush, Jade could see a few birds nests in a few of them.
Since Rick and Jade were in the lead, they saw it first. A massive, grayish-brown looking building, with a curved roof. It looked as if it were made entirely out of metal, and Jade wouldn't have been surprised if it was. The only windows that could be seen were at the top, right under where the roof began to curve. Large doors that looked like they had to be pulled upwards to be opened were closed tightly. For tanks, maybe? The ground surrounding the warehouse was made of asphalt in some areas, small rocks and pebbles in other places. Vines climbed up one wall of the building, but not as much as there was on the cliff, there were only a few small, thin vines on the warehouse.
As each of them took in the view and observed the outside of the warehouse, one of the upwards opening doors was lifted up. They saw the movement immediately, and slammed their bodies to the ground. The grass was still tall enough to conceal the them. The team could see the others, but the others couldn't see the team.
Jade was right about what the doors were for. Three tanks made their way through the opening and slowly inched towards a large fenced in area. Someone ran out of the opening with them, and ran to go open the large fence gate, letting the tanks inside. Once they were inside, they got in an odd formation. Two of them were facing the corner, while the other one faced the back part of the fence. Jade made a mental note of this, and nudged Rick with her arm.
"What are we gonna do? Are we going inside?" she whispered.
"We have to go inside, we don't have a choice. And I have no idea how we are gonna do that. This place probably has top notch security, very experienced, trained soldiers they could send after us, and to make it worse, we are wanted. Details of us are probably out, and if we're caught there's no doubt that they will do terrible things to us. So we've gotta avoid them as much as possible," he explained.
Jade thought about what he said long and hard. The person that had ran out to open the fence was slowly walking back to the door, and once he got inside it slid down behind him. Then it clicked.
"We aren't going to avoid them at all," Jade said monotonously.
Everyone gave her odd looks, as if to tell her she was crazy through facial expressions. "What?" Brad asked.
She responded without hesitation. "We are going right in the middle of them, in plain sight."
*****
Lea was standing dangerously close to the side of the fence that housed the tanks from earlier. Rick and Jade took refuge in a small crevice in the side of the cliff, and Brad was sitting in a tree, holding a large rock about the size of his fist. And his fists were big. They were just waiting now, waiting for someone to walk out. If Jade's plan worked, they would be in that warehouse in no time. If it failed, they would be dead. But none of them could think bad thoughts, they had to keep positive thoughts running through their minds.. So that's what they were going to do.
The plan was to make one Enemy distance himself from the others, wander close to the team, and then they would put the plan into operation. They would knock out whoever came out and would take their uniform,wearing it over top their own. After all that, the team would make their way way inside the warehouse. There were many flaws in this, however. They might not get the chance to get any of them alone, they could have guns with them, they could yell to the others that there were people watching. The possibilities were endless. But  there wasn't a choice. It was either this, go in and get killed, or leave without what they were sent there for in the first place. Those other two were not an option, and everyone knew it.