
The picture Ian held in his hand was starting to show signs of distress. There were annoying fold lines everywhere, bending and disfiguring the image slightly. The corners were curling back and forth, diminishing the once new look it had to it. Nonetheless, he still held it dear to his heart, examining every millimeter of it. He had been sitting there in an old armchair staring at the ferris wheel picture for a couple hours, barely moving. I just miss her so much . . .
His stomach growled in pain; Ian hadn't eaten anything in the past three days. One part of him forbid him to get something to eat, but the other part said otherwise. Two dueling organs, the heart and the brain. Eventually his mind won the battle, and Ian stood up and made his way to the kitchen. Cabinets half-empty with food taunted him. No matter how much he tried to speed up the process, his feet still shuffled slowly across the linoleum flooring. His body was weak from the lack of nutrients and activity.
Ian decided that he didn't care what he was eating, as long as he was getting something into his system.  His hand absent-mindedly swept a box of crackers off a shelf and tore it open. Ian pulled the crackers out one at a time and chomped down on them hungrily, barely swallowing before shoving more into his mouth.
He walked out of the kitchen, box still in hand. As he walked, he noticed the faint sound of footsteps approaching the front door. Ian froze and turned around, waiting for someone to knock. He waited and waited for it, but it never came. Why are they hesitating? He stepped closer to the door, standing a few feet away from it now.
After a seemingly eternal silence, he heard a mix of a tinkling and clicking sound. Ian's eyes watched the door carefully before stopping at the mail slot. It slowly flipped open and a thin piece of paper slipped through the hole before fluttering down to the wooden floor. It slid swiftly over to Ian, his toe stopping its short journey through the house.
The mail slot slammed shut and the footsteps faded away. Ian set the box of crackers on the table and bent over, picking up the paper. He expected it to be a bill, but it was a letter, with a return address that he didn't recognize. He began opening it, but stopped, hesitating. What if it's something bad? What if it's about Jade . . .? Curiosity got the better of him and he tore open the envelope. Shreds of paper fell to the ground as he basically destroyed the envelope, trying to get to the letter as fast as possible.
Finally, Ian held just a folded piece of paper. He hesitated once again before he opened the flaps and began reading.
Hello Jovian Everhart,
As you already know, Jade Maliks has been sent out to do some important business. It's been a couple months, hopefully you haven't lost track of the time like I have. Anyhow, Jade informed us that she was closest to you out of all of the people she has been acquainted with. Therefore, you will be the only one receiving this letter. She has gone on two missions, both of which the details will be a mystery to you. Both concerned the Enemies,  and I've heard you got a phone call from her shortly after she got back from the first one. She was sent out to her second one the next day, and we were unable to track her whereabouts even with the tracking device in her arm. However, one of our military ships caught sight of an Enemy helicopter with a sign hanging down from it. It landed safely on the carrier and Ms. Maliks was found inside, along with two others. The two have been considered allies of hers, and they are all safe and being treated in our high-quality hospitals. Jade is alive and well, and I presume this is good news to you.
As a celebratory event, we are inviting you to board a cruise along with Jade and her group members and allies. Please call the number written on the back of this paper if you accept this invitation. The information you need will be explained to you from there. We all hope you accept.