
It had been eight months. Eight months since the attack in the capitol. Eight months since the IT's—every news station was referring to the terrorists as I.T.— had forced the American military to begin preparing for a soon-to-be devastating war. After Jade and Ian had escaped the wrath of enemy planes, they had continued on formation across the entire Midwest, wiping out several government buildings and the like. The population of Ohio and its surrounding states had dwindled severely, to say the least.
Jade had also been fired from her job. That's okay, she thought. It was for a measly minimum wage anyway. Ice cream was the least of civilian concerns. She could find another job easily, her high school record was spotless, and any place would jump at the chance to hire her. They have to.
Ian was having his own troubles. Ever since they had gotten back from the attack, he wouldn't let Jade leave the house unless accompanied by himself. And when they were leaving the apartment, it was only for essentials. Groceries and bills. He was also struggling with his stay-at-home-job, which involved taking and returning calls, or so it looked like from Jade's perspective. She knew he was having trouble focusing.
His loss of focus was why she found his behavior acceptable. Of course he would want more control of a situation, he hadn't had any during the attack. So she did what he wanted, and stayed holed up inside. However, they were running low on food and he hadn't allowed anyone to go get any...
Ian was asleep. Jade figured it would be easy to slip away for half an hour. With that in mind, she slipped on a pair of sneakers and, as quietly as she could, opened and closed the door behind her. Then she ran.
Jade hadn't ran like she was now in months. She didn't have the chance: Ian wouldn't let her out. Nonetheless, she had done small workouts so she would stay in shape. It was worth it now. Two lungs burned with the ins and outs of air, but no pain was felt. Two legs pumped and bent at the knees, propelling a body forward. Two feet slapped against the pavement of the sidewalk in hopes of going faster. Two eyes took in everything they had missed in several weeks time, starving for more to see, hungry for trees and houses, buildings and everything. Two of everything felt only exhilaration.
Two of everything also slowed down at the entrance of a store, and two doors opened in return. Jade breathed heavily as she picked up a basket and began throwing what she needed into it. Well, that was fun. Probably the last good run I'll have in a while.
When the basket was overflowing with food and essentials, she went to place items on the check-out counter, and waited patiently for them to be scanned and placed in plastic bags. It amounted to three bags, and after she had paid, she walked out. Running wasn't an option then, so she continued back home at a brisk walk.
As she walked, a chatty group couldn't help but catch her attention, and she stopped for a moment to investigate. They were surrounding an old light post. "What's going on?" Jade asked.
"A flyer," someone answered, sounding annoyed at Jade's lack of knowledge on the subject. She squeezed her way through the crowd, apologizing left and right, until she was at the front and staring straight at a white piece of paper pinned to the post. The lettering was small, and the paper itself stuck out against all the other brightly colored flyers.
She scanned the bland font, reading in her head.
"American Armed Forces: Recruiting. The United States has faced several unpredicted attacks from enemy countries. A conclusion on why is that they are attacking us for our refusal to hand over natural resources, while they are close on running out. This atrocity must be stopped at once, and on a serious note we are asking that you help us end the attacks. If you are willing to volunteer, please report to the City Council building downtown on September 13th, 6:00pm of this year. Further information and details will be given there. Come help us. Be loyal to your country."