
Someone handed Ian a blanket to give to her and he looked at the person. She looked quite familiar but he couldn't quite put a finger on it. Ian gave her a brief thank you and draped the plaid blanket over Jade's shoulders. He led her over to the seat he had left and sat down, pulling her onto his lap as he did so. Her shaking never ceased, but it did go down slightly. Ian engulfed her in a tight hug, not giving her a chance to wiggle out.
He began throwing questions at her."Are you hurt? What happened? How did you end up in the water?"
"A-ask A-a-ayden." She bobbed her head over to the man that had been pulled into the boat along with her. He had matted, fiery red hair and Ian and the man met each others gaze. The guy looked at Jade with longing before returning his eyes to Ian's. He pulled Jade closer. This guy gives me a fishy feeling.
"W-well. I g-guess I should exp-plain then," he said. He struggled with speaking as he gave a brief description of what happened. From what Ian could piece together, a man had tried to kill them non-stop throughout the ship, but they got away, then they jumped overboard when the explosion occurred. Ian didn't really care about what happened, honestly. He was just relieved that Jade was safe and in his arms.
Maybe things would go back to normal once they got back home.
++++++
He's right there. I can't believe it. After all these years, he's only a few feet away. This is my chance to apologize . . .
Ian sat only a few seats away from Lea. Jade was curled into a ball in his arms, shivering and struggling to keep her teeth from chattering. Everyone had given up on asking her questions a while ago and now the man that had been with her was being bombarded with them. He seemed to be at ease answering, and the more he spoke the easier it was to understand him. Lea remembered someone calling him Ayden, and familiarity swept through her mind. Isn't that the guy that saw me pretend-shooting Rick earlier?
Lea brushed his existence aside for the moment, trying to focus on the task at hand. I need to apologize. Not only to Ian, but to Jade as well. She slid her foot forward slightly, making an attempt to stand up. But she couldn't. Lea found it physically impossible to move any closer to the duo. Closing her eyes, she thought of how she might word this. Hey, you two. No, that sounds like I'm mad at them... Hey, um, about that thing... No, not that either. Ugh! Why is this so hard? Lea covered her eyes with shaky hands, not wanting to face the world. She was ashamed.
Lea had been treating the both of them like vile piles of excrement for the past three or so years she had known them. Sure, there was an entire year where she saw neither of them, but she still thought of causing the worst to them. All because of someone else's mistake. And Lea had been blaming the wrong people; in her mind the victims had been turned into the murderers.
Removing her hands from her eyes, Lea leaned forward and made a move to stand. People looked at her curiously for a moment but soon returned to their previous moping. One small step at a time took Lea ever-so closer to them. She reached a hand out to poke Ian's shoulder, the words in her mind swirling around to make proper sentences that would eventually fly from her mouth. I'm so close ... I can do this, today will be--
"Look everyone!" A little boy in a cowboy hat caused heads to spin in his direction. Lea jumped backwards, almost falling over an old couple. Scrambling back to her seat, she decided this wasn't a very good time.