
The wrinkly, redheaded lady spoke loudly. "Yesterday there was a dangerous fight between two young men in the local ice cream store, on Dudley Lane. Witnesses say one of the men pushed the other inside, and if someone wouldn't have stepped in, the victim would've surely been killed. The savior of the victim was an employee at the shop, and she had too big of a heart to let this event take place. A witness stated..."
The images on the screen changed to footage of an interview of one of Jade's co-workers. "...She jumped on his back like them chickas in movies do, and he practically threw her across the room, but she ain't ever gon' give up there. Just as the big guy was chokin' that there smaller guy, she came up behind em' and ninja kicked him right in the face. Pretty badass if you ask me."
It images cut to a reporter that was in the midst of the destruction of the shop. "We have some footage from the camera here." Then the footage came on. Jade and Ian watched the man walk inside the building. Everything played out just as it had the day before. Jade kicking the man in the face, the man choking her, and Ian practically beating him to a pulp.
The reporter continued. "The man had been strangling the young girl, and just as she was about to faint, another man had come in and saved the young girl. He had given the other man a broken nose, and walked outside, with the young girl by his side. We hope that these two heroes will be seen sometime later in the week. Back to you George."
"Heroes?" Jade questioned. Ian just shrugged his shoulders, and then came over and engulfed her in a tight hug. Their embrace was quickly interrupted by a loud, obnoxious beep-like sound from the television.
"Breaking news. The U.S. military has confirmed enemy plans that are thought to be going through. They have ideas of an airborne attack. Get underground as soon as possible, make sure you have plenty of food and water, and be careful."
The next few hours were spent huddling in the cramped bathroom, leaning against the wall. Ian had brought in a small handheld radio and the duo listened to the news from there. The reporter apologized for a mistake in their information. What was their mistake? Oh not much, just wasting hours of several peoples' time and uprising panic in the nation. No biggie.
Her voice crackled through the radio speakers. "Everything is fine, it's okay to come out of your safe houses now. False alarm on the military's conclusion. Everything will be fine."
If only she knew how much everything would not be fine.