
"If we go to war we may end up in a terrible state afterwards, with loss of funds and life," Phoebe argued while keeping a calm air about her. "The decision is vital, and I do not think war is our best option."
Silence filled the room as the two generals stared each other down. The woman that had come in earlier stood near the exit awkwardly, shuffling her feet around. She broke the silence, not wanting to be there any longer than necessary. "Should I leave you three to your, uh, business?"
"Go ahead." Banks waved her away and she quickly spun on her heels, briskly walking out of the room. The president drummed his bony fingers on the side of the table, thinking hard about the predicament his country was in.
He turned to face the two generals and explained his plan. "We'll take a vote. Those in favor of ignoring the issue, raise your hand." Phoebe raised a strong arm. "Those in favor of war?" Banks raised his own, glaring daggers at the general next to him. The president tapped an index finger against his chin and closed his eyes. "I guess the vote is up to me then?" He let out a shaky breath as the two generals looked at him expectantly. America's next months depended on this next statement, and he had no back up plan if this one failed. All three of them drew in a deep breath, and the president spoke.
"For now we'll ignore it. At the first sign of trouble we'll declare war. Until then, we need to keep a close eye on those countries. We'll call them something simple, something easy to remember, something that can be said around normal citizens without inducing panic if need be. The I.T.'s. The Irish Threat."
-------------------------------------------
NOTE: I have nothing against Ireland or anyone there. I am not trying to promote racism against the country, nor am I trying to say that America is superior; I do not believe one person or place can be superior to another. I promote equality throughout a variety of cultures and religions in this book, as will be shown later on. I simply chose that part of the world to be in conflict with.
Warning: Vulgarity, alcohol use, substance abuse, and violence. Reader discretion is advised.
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS IS A ROUGH DRAFT AND WILL BE NOWHERE NEAR GOOD. I ADVISE YOU NOT TO SET YOUR EXPECTATIONS HIGH.
***COPYRIGHT OF THIS STORY IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.***