
She only ignored Lea's rude words, still handling her limbs. "It's okay, we're going to fix you right up, and call someone if the bleeding doesn't stop. Now if you'll just--"
"Stop."
"We'll get some clean bandages on here, and you'll be just alright, just wa--"
"I said stop you blathering idiot! Leave me alone! All of you!" Lea screamed at them. She was filled to the brink with so much hate and rage at the moment. She bolted over to the door, pushing it with her arm and falling onto the rough sidewalk when it opened. Someone stepped over to her and held out a hand, offering to help her up. Lea only smacked his kindness away. "Don't touch me!"
Lea jumped to her feet once more and pumped her legs, moving them as fast as she could. To where, she had no idea. All she knew was that she had to get away. She let her mind drift away from her attention of the surroundings, and she ended up getting caught on a lot of things, luckily avoiding completely falling on her face in the process.
Meanwhile, thoughts were flowing left and right into her mind; the gateway of the mind having been burst down. How could she have said that? She's heartless! Everyone is blind, calling her a hero all the time. I'm the real hero! I'm the one that pulled her out of that car! I saved her. They're blind, all so ignorant! Lea's thoughts screamed at her, assaulting her with violent thoughts, the idea of plunging one of her blades into that girls perfect tan skin entering her mind a little more than  once. She could literally hear them ringing in her ears. As if someone were standing right behind her and shouting into her ear, feeding these menacing thoughts into her brain. Fertilizing the ideas.
I swear if she comes back from that mission alive I'll never forgive myself. I should've left her in that car to die. I chose her life over his! God damn it! I was such an ignorant imbecile when I did that!
Lea soon realized that she was the one screaming her thoughts aloud.  Stopping dead in her tracks, she turned in a circle. Everyone was staring at her. People across the street, waiting at the crosswalks, people in cars with their windows rolled down waiting at stop-lights, children walking home from school. She couldn't take it. She couldn't stand when people stared at her as if she were some alien from another damn planet. Her breathing picked up, inhaling and exhaling in short, shallow breaths.
"What are you all staring at!?" Her lungs burned from screaming so much. Tough through it, it's just a little sore. Don't be weaker than that fake whore! Lea continued her "jog", running and running with no end. It was never-ending. It seemed as though she had ran through tons of cities, hundreds of neighborhoods, and dozens of dark alleyways. Running to escape your problems. You know what they say, you can run but you can't hide. They'll always catch up to you in the long run. These voices won't let you leave. You let us in once you let him die.
Lea stopped where she was, not caring or noticing where she stood. Her eyes twitched and she swung her arms up, covering her ears, trying to block out the savage voices. But we're inside. You can't get rid of what you can't see. Lea bent her knees, crouching down with her hands still over her eyes and eyes clenched shut. "Stop it, stop it, stop it!"
Hoooonk!
Her dark eyes darted upwards just in time to see the red flash of a truck and experience the loud screeching of the tires before everything stopped being.
++++++
"Hey Rick, let me drive. You  need to relax some," Brad called over to Rick. He looked pretty tired, and Brad didn't want some guy nodding off at the wheel to put anyone's life in danger. Not that he didn't trust Rick, but he was the precautionary type. Always have been, always will be. Brad usually didn't show it though. Someone like him couldn't show fear or weakness, and he's had plenty of time to practice ever since he lost his older brother.