
Suddenly, the crowd broke, and in came Evan, who immediately dropped to the floor. A circle of space formed around him, and the eyes were diverted to the man on the ground. Ian leaned down and whisper-yelled at his friend. "What are you doing?!"
"Saving your unskilled ass," he whisper-yelled back. Louder, he said, "Watch these moves!" Right before Ian's eyes, Evan began moving his arms, legs, and well, everything, each movement precise and professional.
"Break-dancing," Ian said, disbelief coating his words. "Four years I've known this guy, and he becomes an expert break-dancer out of nowhere." He ran a hand through his hair. "Learn something new every day."
The dance finished with Evan crossing his arms over his chest and saying, very lamely, "yo." Cheers followed as he stood up and brushed himself off. Evan nodded to a random girl in the crowd, the one that had been trying to get Ian to dance earlier, and she giggled before brushing past him slowly and deliberately. Evan stared after her for a moment longer, before Ian got fed up and smacked the hat off of his head.
"Hey!" Evan whined. "What was that for?"
"Where did you even get a hat?"
"Uh..." Evan grabbed Ian's arm and dragged him over to the bar again, pushing him onto his stool. "Look, there's more! Glug glug!" He picked up a newly filled glass and began chugging it down.
Ian rolled his eyes and did the same. When he finished, he slammed the cup on the counter and sighed. He stared at the glass cup hard and long. Is it moving? No, no, just my imagination... It seemed as though it were wavering against the polished wood of the counter, collecting light and sending it out in barely noticeable rainbows. He shrugged it off. "Bartender, some water this time?"
"Sure thing, sweet cheeks. Best to keep ya self hydrated, 'specially drinkin' as much as you been," the woman said. Ian led his eyes wander to her name tag on her chest. Lily. Now I can refer to her normally. Not like, 'Hey yo bartender! I need some watah!' Wow, I feel better already. Evan was right.
Ian took long gulps of the water when it came to him, thirstier now than when he had asked for it. A satisfying breath came after, and Evan chuckled. "Having fun yet?"
"Why, yes I am. I...since when did you break-dance?"
"Is a side thing. Hobby, might take it on as a career after this is over."
"After what's over?"
"All...this!" Evan said, adding emphasis to his words by spreading his arms out wide. "Whatever's going on between the I.T. and the U.S. Ha, see what I did there? Did you see?"
"Yes, I saw," Ian rolled his eyes, "It and us."
"They're not alone, you know. IT. It's not alone. They've got suppliers. And they're being supplied because they don't want to cause a ruckus near good ole' England. IT doesn't get what IT wants...boom." Evan spread his arms away from him again, slower this time. "A war would break out between the suppliers and the supplied. United Kingdom would go into effect against both, fearing it would fall into them at any moment. The suppliers don't feel like being demolished. So they do what the supplied tells them."
Ian furrowed his eyebrows. "How do you know all this?"
"It's basic common sense. If only the government would see that. Well, sense and I speak my thoughts aloud when I'm drunk. I get more...thinky."