
"What about the other half?" Jade asked. Curious even in a life or death situation.
"Even we don't know that. Why don't you go find out and report back to us? Actually . . . that's not a bad idea. Hmm, oh well. Someone else will have to do it. Now, I decided I want to go first. Hand me the knife," Finn demanded. Sixtine quickly placed it in his open hand and he strolled over to Ayden.
Before he could react, Finn lifted his arm up, pinning Ayden to the wall and holding the knife to the corner of his mouth. A loud thump sounded beside him. Ayden thought of turning to see what it was, but if he tried to move even an inch the blade only dug deeper into his skin.
"Shh, watch." Sixtine was just about on his last nerve. If Ayden somehow got out of this, she would be the first he'd go after.
"I hope you enjoy the show, Jade. I know I will," Finn hissed. The metal tugged at Ayden's skin and the corner of my mouth was beginning to burn with pain. "You have no idea how long I've wanted to do this," Finn whispered. "To bring back that mischievous grin that was always in trouble and hated. Hated by everyone but me, because I was considered such a little angel." Ayden fought the urge to punch and kick and scream at him. "Where's your grin now, little boy?"
Ayden stared directly at him, never losing eye contact. Finn did the same back as he pulled the blade along. It was as if he were cutting only a few millimeters every minute. If you're going to do it, just do it and be done! Ayden's brows furrowed together in anguish. He enjoys my pain. He always has.
"Still enjoying the show, litt--"
"Just what do you think you are doing, Mr. Oyle?!" a booming voice hollered from where the doorway was supposed to be. The knife was instantly removed from Ayden's skin and it clattered to the hard floor. Thick liquid flowed down his chin and a hand flew up to staunch the bloodflow.
"N-nothing sir." He watched as Finn quivered in fear. Ayden would've smiled, but it hurt to much to move his mouth even a little bit.
"And what are you two doing here?" He looked at his savior for the first time. He was tall and strongly built, wearing a dark green military generals uniform adorned with medals. Ayden admired him instantly. He was also oddly young for his apparent accomplishments. Not a wrinkle showed on his olive skin, no gray hairs visible in his full head of dark brown hair. Show me your ways. I want medals like that . . . Ayden looked down at his shirt, which surprisingly still had his own medal fastened tightly onto it.
Jade bounded up to him. "General Banks! I'm so glad you're here! These two have been trying to kill us all night long! But how did you get here? I thought you would be--"
"Is that so? In that case, I'll have to have a talk with them. But please, I must stress, get to the top deck. This cruise won't be lasting much longer. Afloat, that is. Someone had set a bomb and it had blown a hole right through the hull of the ship. But enough of my rambling, move!" The general turned to Ayden. "What happened to you young man?"
He simply pointed at Finn, who was shaking his head in denial at the man. "Get to the clinic, it's on the top deck along with the boats. Now leave." Ayden couldn't help but notice how the general was slightly harsher with himself than with Jade.
Nonetheless, Ayden followed Jade out of the room, still clutching the side of his face. As they ran up a set of stairs he began thinking deeply. This is probably never going to heal. How will I get Jade to kiss me now? Not that she would, but what if she finds me repulsive now? Ayden was kind of surprised at his sudden change in mood. A few minutes ago he had been getting a cheek cut open, and now he was running up some stairs worrying about what Jade would think of his face. The effects some people can have, I swear.