
"No, no, he didn't hurt me." Not physically.
"He better not have. If he did I'll march right up to that house and show him who's boss." After a moment of silence, he tossed her the bag again. He also began inching off his jacket, before throwing that at her too. "You're probably freezing. Wear that."
"But won't you be cold too?"
"I have all this muscle. You have scrawny noodle arms compared to mine. I think I'll be better off than you without that."
"If you say so." Jade slipped the black leather material over her arms, feeling warmer already. "Okay. So, are we going to go now?"
"Yeah. Come on, this way." Ayden stood up and launched himself from the top of the car, landing on the ground with a roll. "Do what I just did."
"Ha, you're funny." Jade stood up and carefully hopped down from the hood of the car. "Lead the way."
"Laugh all you want, you'll have to learn how to do that and more." Ayden took off at a run through the alley, and Jade was quick to keep up with him. This alley was long, reminding Jade of the corridors on the S.S. Hope. She shivered, pushing the memories from her mind. The last thing she wanted was to become paranoid beyond belief in a dark alleyway. She picked up the pace until she was right next to Ayden. "So, where is this 'base?'"
"Lafayette Square. Well, under Lafayette Square."
Jade furrowed her brows in confusion. "What? You mean, across from the White House? And under?"
"That's what I said, wasn't it?"
"Yeah, but, how?" Maybe he's on the crazy drugs.
Ayden slowed to a walk, and Jade followed suite. They were only halfway through this alley, despite the running they had endured. Ayden tilted his head slightly to look at his ally while he explained further on the matter. "I sent Logan out for his first little task to find us a suitable hideaway, and he nailed it. Don't ask how, but he found himself in the sewers. He found a door and of course went through it, that curious little bugger. After following it, he found a very large room with many floors beneath that. He knew where he was only from the plaque hanging on the ceiling stating the location. Cool, right?"
"Yeah..." Jade trailed off, dreading the fact that the route included sewers. Great, exactly what I needed. Just a little yuck-water, maybe some poop stains here and there. She rolled her eyes at her own mental sarcasm. "Just how far away is this hideout?"
"Not far. Just a few turns, a plop down into the sewers, and a short walk before we're there."
Wonderful use of "plop," sir. Wonderful. Even though Jade's mind was filled with negative thoughts, she certainly didn't feel that way. A sort of excitement bubbled up inside of her, threatening to spill over like a river just after a long, harsh thunderstorm. She spoke once more, trying to curve the topic away from excrement-infested areas. "Who is Logan?"
"Ah, great kid he is. Smart too. Not as smart as Maddox and Mathias, but let's be real, no one is. Anyways, we picked Logan up here in America. Just a few cities away, actually. We really got more than we bargained for coming here. Originally I sent the group over to--never mind. I can tell you some other time." He paused. "Logan is...well, he's kind of distant. Not in the sense that he strays, more like he's always in a daydream-like trance. He's still loved in the group, nonetheless. It's just quite hard to get close to him, y'know?"