
As Oliver grew closer to Ayden, Jade's heart rate started rising. She could feel it pounding in her chest, drumming loudly. What if something goes wrong? What if Ayden's not quick enough? What if...what if...She pushed those questioning thoughts away from her mind. I'll worry about it if it actually happens.
Oliver had his arms outstretched towards Ayden, who was currently leaning against the cart, as he ran. Finally, he ended up in front of him and grabbed Ayden's left shoulder, beginning to pull him away from the cart. But what he didn't know was that Ayden had a plan.
Ayden brought his right arm out from behind his back and sliced the skin on Oliver's arm. The large gash began pouring out blood, soaking his arm, clothes, and leaving a puddle of red on the floor. Oliver cried out in pain and let go of Ayden's shoulder. He backed away, staring at the major gash on his forearm. "What have you done?" he screamed. His entire body was shaking as he backed away from the impending Ayden. "Fuck, this hurts!"
Oliver was acting panicky and scared compared to a calm and emotionless Ayden standing before him. Pretty soon, Oliver was backed into the corner of the room, trapped. Ayden stood a few feet away from him and stood there staring. "Please! Please, don't hurt me," Oliver begged. "I'll give you all my money, everything, I'll do anything!"
"I don't need your materialistic junk. I'm not like anyone on this ship," Ayden spat.
"What do you want then? Whatever it is I'll do it!" Oliver offered, clasping his hands together.
"Anything you can do, I can do for myself. I don't need you." And with that, Ayden threw the strange weapon at Oliver. Jade watched in fascination as it spun through the air, glistening in the bright lights. That fascination was lost once it became lodged in Oliver's forehead. He collapsed to the ground, and luckily for Jade his head faced the other direction so she didn't have to look at the gruesome sight any longer.
Then Ayden began walking over to her. A voice in the back of her mind said, "He's not safe, you can't trust him. You need to move." That voice seemed to take over her instincts and Jade scooted the chair away, eyes widened in fear.
"What are you doing?" A look of confusion crossed his face. Jade bit her lip and continued moving, ignoring his question. Eventually she ran out of room and was stopped by the wall. She had been scooting backwards so now she was facing him as he came closer. He stopped in front of her and crouched, examining Jade's face. His hand reached down to his belt and he pulled out a knife. She closed her eyes, waiting for him to puncture her skin. Instead, the chair was turned around and he began sawing at the ropes. Once they were done for, Jade moved her hands and rubbed the red, raw wrists.
She stood up, thankfully without a chair attached to her butt, and looked down at Ayden who was still crouched down and looking up at her with those piercing blue eyes. "Thank you," she said quietly. He nodded in response and stood up, giving her a hug. Jade simply stood there awkwardly for a few seconds but soon returned the hug. Where did this come from?
"Thank god ye are okay," was all he said. They finally broke away and faced the Boss-dude, who still lay on the floor in the fetal position. Jade walked over to him with Ayden right by her side. Ayden gripped his arm and yanked him to his feet. In the process of doing so, the sunglasses fell off of the man's face and Jade saw his eyes for the first time. They were so blue that she had to stop for a minute, just to take in all the blueness. They're even more brighter than Ayden's. That's, uh, kind of unnerving, in a way.  He looked between the both of them and it looked like his eyes were blue shocks of electricity bouncing back and forth.