
"I don't like dying."
"Well, neither do I, but would you rather take your chances with that--" He pointed to the heavy traffic. "Or that?" He nodded to the oncoming crowd. The choice was already made. The real decision was when they would cross.
"Alright," Jade said. She faced the road.
"On the count of three."
"Alright," she repeated. I really don't want to do this.
"One." Maybe it'd be better to take my chances with the crowd? "Two-three!" Ayden took off, speeding across. Within no time he was no longer visible among the blurs. Jade was actually considering backing out and cowering in fear. But she knew that was not an option. With the shouts of the mob out for her blood behind her, she took the first step into the street.
Immediately she was greeted with honking and shouts from angry drivers. Gas fumes consumed her sense of scent, and she held her breath to avoid the wretched smell. Dots of light sped towards her, stopping at the last second before collision. The screech of tires filled the air along with even more honking, but the only thing Jade heard was her own footfall against the pavement. It was the only thing she allowed herself to fully focus on, making it easier to stop and continue when need be. A car paused just in front of her and she, too full of anxiety and fear to make a rational choice, slid over the hood of it. Sure, she could've just went around, but that wasn't what her mind had told her to do.
Without even realizing it, she had made it across safely. Well, as safe as safe could be when crossing a street with dozens of cars heading right for you. She stumbled over the curb, but a pair of arms caught her before she could hit the ground. "Thought you'd been smashed into a pancake. Glad you're not a delicious breakfast food right now."
Jade ignored him and looked back at the road again. There stood the crowd across the street, the man that had spoken taking front stage. His lips were curled into a tight frown, and he was probably glaring under that mask too. He and his "buds" showed no sign of moving, nor any will to.
"Any idea of where to go next?" Ayden asked, panting. Jade remembered she had been holding her breath and let it out, gasping for fresh air. She set herself back at a position where she was standing up straight, but Ayden still grasped her arms just in case.
She looked on past his shoulder, an idea hatching in her head as she stared at the lengthy building. "There." Ayden turned around to see what she was talking about.
"The mall?" A small grin planted itself on his face. "The mall." He let go of her and began bounding towards it. "Better hurry before those bleached bastards catch up."
Jade rolled her eyes, following after him. They jogged across the large expanse of parking lot, which was empty much like everything else. A few lights still shone inside, most likely for janitors and those on night patrol. Oh...right. "Hey, uh, what are we gonna do about security and all that?"
"Easy. Just watch, I'll take care of it." His steps slowed, the pattering of his shoes against asphalt turning into tapping against concrete. "I guess it's safe to say we're partners in crime now."
The "partners in crime" approached the front entrance. Ayden's hand shot out and grasped the handle, followed by a tug. He shook the door a few times, only to cause a loud jangling sound of metal against metal. Of course it's locked. Jade peered in through the large glass window next to the door, observing the dark halls. A light remained on every so often, but they were spread out far and wide. It gave an eerie feel to it already, and they weren't even inside yet. Not to mention they had an odd group of people trying to kill them right on top of the supposed break-in they were about to commit.