
"Well, uh, yeah. Mind-boggling." I sound so uninterested and monotonous. Maybe it's because of how nervous I am? Yeah, we'll go with that.
Ian almost ended up tripping up the lopsided, icy porch steps, but that didn't stop him. He rammed into the front door unintentionally and dug around in his pocket. The jingling of keys came from below and soon he was twisting the doorknob. He shoved it open with one big push. Jade made a move to enter the apartment, but was pulled back by Ian. "No, you're going in there in style." He then scooped her up bridal style and faced the doorway. "Hmm." He turned his body sideways and started moving past the doorframe.
Thonk! "Ow!"
"Sorry! My bad."
The two finally made it inside, even if it did result in Jade getting a bruise on the back of her head. Ian let her go, and she steadied herself with the wall. The door closed behind them, and the lights in the house flicked on. Jade shivered, rubbing her hands along her arms. "It's so cold in here."
"Yeah. I've been keeping the heat off. I wanted to start saving up more for the college tuition by cutting the checks we get in half. One half for saving, the other for bills and such." Ian kicked his shoes off and walked over to the thermostat, turning up the heat. "It should be nice and cozy soon enough. Speaking of cozy, we still need to put the Christmas tree up. Maybe we can do that tomorrow, when we've both had rest. Or maybe tonight! I'm not that tired anyways, I had a lot of coffee today and a few energy drinks. Thats's probably really bad for my health considering all the tens of thousands of emergency visits that hospitals get because of that but oh well! I can make you some coffee too, do you want some? Of course you do, but even if you don't I'll drink it anyways. Hey, I feel it warming up alread--"
"Ian. Please stop."
"Alrighty then. Hey, even if you don't want to, I'll still put the tree up tonight just because there's no way I'm sleeping right now. Even the thought of it is just impossible! Hey, do you prefer shiny ornaments or more chrome-like ones, because I can go pick some up at the store. Actually, I'm pretty sure we have some hidden around here from last year, if I can just remember where they're at...bingo! Stay here."
Ian ran off to go search the deep corners of the apartment, leaving Jade alone in the kitchen. "I guess I should start packing then," she whispered to herself. She slowly walked through the halls, knowing that this would be the last time she'd see them in a while, if ever again. The pictures on the walls were coated in a thick layer of dust, and they were easy to ignore. All but the last one. Jade walked up to it and removed it from the wall, blowing away the dust and watching as the specks scattered throughout the air.
It was an image of Jade and Ian. Ian had an arm wrapped around her shoulders, and they were both smiling brighter than the sun. He wasn't looking at the camera though, unlike Jade, he was looking down at her. Jade let the arm holding that picture fall to the side and looked back at the wall, which had a light area in the shape of a square where the frame had once been. I hope he won't mind me taking this with me.
Ian's footsteps bounded throughout the house, and Jade lunged into the bedroom, locking the door behind her. She ducked under the bed and pushed an old book-bag out. She followed behind it, now covered in a layer of dust. Unzipping it, she ran around the room opening and closing drawers, shoving what she would need inside. Clothes, necessities, blah, blah blah. Jade looked back down at the frame in her hand and shoved it in right along with everything else before taking a quick scan of the room. Am I done here?