
The thick screen of ignorance that Jade had erected all around her being was shattered by a loud grunt of struggle from a voice she had come to enjoy listening to. Her eyes fell on Ayden, who had been reduced to nothing more than a defenseless child before a drunken parent. Child-Ayden wouldn't cry or scream or plead for help, not once, and kept his mouth shut and his arms held out before him in defense, quickly dodging the blade swung near his face. Jade could see Paj discarded a few feet away from him. His oppressor seemed to be winning after opening a few centimeters worth of skin on the leader's face. Vermillion gushed from the gash but its owner never faltered, only hopped backwards to avoid another strike. That hop had been a bad move on his part and led him to slipping and landing on his back.
Jade, taken over by a slightly higher degree of fury, yelled at him to roll over and keep doing so. She put her sights on a large light fixture just above the two, a heavy looking thing suspended by two cables perpendicular to each other. She checked on Ayden one last time to make sure he was out of the way, then lifted her arms towards the fixture and fired. The bullet cut through a single cable with ease, and with the remaining wire unable to support the fixture, it rocketed downwards.
The man that had split Ayden's cheek open could only look to the sound of the cable snapping back at the ceiling before it landed flat on his face; Jade turned away so she didn't have to look at what she had caused. She had undoubtedly broken the "no kill" rule, but didn't want to confirm the suspicion.
Ayden scrambled to recollect Paj and avoided the direction of the fixture and his enemy as well. Jade had never thought anything of it before, but now the possibility of Ayden feeling guilt for death entered her mind. Of course he'd feel something. He was just as human as everyone else, and it was human nature to fear the sight of death, let alone causing it.
A foreign scream born from a familiar voice sent her reflections scattering. Logan, on the opposite side of the room as most of the others, was the owner of the noise. He had dropped Mathias' gun (who had been separated from the boy along with Abril) and was backing away from two Combatants in uniform. Behind him was a wall and by the time Ayden would get to him it would be too late. Jade raised her gun at the back of one of the enemies heads and pulled the trigger. Nothing. She tried again with the same result. Damn! she thought. She searched for another way to help the boy frantically.
There, next to her, a cable. It must've fallen her way when the fixture fell and it was much longer than she thought it'd been at first. It was still fastened to the ceiling and she gave it sharp tug: it wasn't coming off anytime soon. She looked back at Logan. I've gotta hurry.
Jade grasped the cable with both hands and gave herself a count to three before pushing off the ledge and swinging towards the boy and those that would severely harm him, if not end his life. She extended her legs the closer she came. It happened in no more than two seconds: one foot per head. Because of the distance she came from the impact against their heads must've been enough to knock them over, which it did. Before she knew it she was on the ground again and leading Logan away from the corner. He was taking in lungful's of air, so much that Jade worried he was having an asthma attack of sorts. After a few seconds of being freed he returned to somewhat normal breathing.
Ayden met them with wide, worried eyes, and rushed to check Logan for injury. "What happened? Are you hurt? Anything feel broken? We have to get you outta here, c'mon Logan, I'll lead you to the door and--"