
Ayden swung around and as soon as he did so, Oliver swung the pipe at him. Ayden ducked, barely missing getting hit square in the head. He stood up and ran at Oliver's stomach, and they both fell to the ground and wrestled with each other. Ayden held the advantage being on top and tried pulling the pipe from Oliver, but his hands slipped and he fell backwards onto the concrete. Oliver moved quickly and slammed himself on top of Ayden.
"Get off of him!" Jade yelled. She was ignored and Oliver raised the pipe above his head, in a gesture that meant he was about to beat someone into powder with it. I have to do something!  She began scooting her chair towards him, but soon deemed that doing so would get her nowhere. Her leg stung as she stood up, wrists still bound behind the chair. The position she stood in was uncomfortable, and anyone else that would've seen her probably would've agreed just by looking at it.
She walked like a hunchback over to the two. Her back was bent at a 90 degree angle, her head was staring straight ahead, and she was pretty much waddling. Hobbling turned into jogging, jogging turned into charging, and charging turned into falling. Jade rammed into Oliver just as he was about to bring the pipe down on Ayden's head. She lay sideways on him, and he wasn't moving due to shock. Guess he didn't see that coming, huh? He had dropped the pipe and once he regained himself he tried pushing Jade off. That didn't work due to the way she had fallen on him. He was only able to move one arm.
"Well, this worked better than I thought it would," Jade said.
"Shut up!" Oliver shouted back. They both saw the pipe at the same time, and right when he was about to grab it, Jade did the most annoying thing someone could do to someones' pencil back in school. She kicked it further away. "Fuck!" Oliver shouted.
"Whoops," she responded sarcastically. Since this guy was no longer really a threat Jade looked for Ayden. He was battling it out with the other guy. The man tried kicking him in the stomach, but Ayden moved back just in time to dodge it. Ayden then pushed him down before he could regain his footing, and he fell hard onto his back. Ayden then sat on top of the other man and began punching his face repeatedly and with tons of force.
Jade figured he had that taken care of, and searched the room for the "Boss" man, seeing that he was still laying on the floor where Ayden had left him. He made no move, and it didn't seem like he was going to anytime soon. Her eyes focused on Ayden again. His fists were bloodied, but he still didn't stop hitting the man he was sitting atop of. The only sounds in the room were of Oliver grunting while trying to get in a position where he could get Jade off of him, the sound of impact that a fist made once it hit its target, and a struggling whimper from the man being beaten. A part of Jade felt bad for him, he had never done anything to hurt either of them. In her opinion he wasn't much of a threat either. Nonetheless, she let Ayden carry on with what he was doing.
Ayden finally stood up and kicked the limp, unconscious body. He then turned around and walked over to Jade, not paying any attention to Boss-dude curled up in the fetal position. Once he was standing in front of her, he stopped, thinking. It only took a few seconds though, because in one swift motion he grabbed the back of the chair and yanked it up, dragging it away from Oliver quickly and setting it upright. Only a few seconds passed before Oliver realized that he had been freed from the grasp of the chair, but once he did, he was on his feet in no time and charged at Ayden.
Of course, knowing how Ayden was always alert and one step ahead, Jade wasn't surprised when he practically threw himself at the metal cart that held dozens of sharp torture tools. He quickly picked up a metal pointed blade with a curved back section and separate spikes near the handle. He hid it behind his back as Oliver turned around and started running at him again. Front row seat for me.