
"But what if they don't?" Logan asked, popping the lid off.
"They will. I don't pick dense Rebels."
"You sure there, buddy?" Kane asked. "I don't know about you, but River didn't seem like the sharpest tool in the shed if he just left us like he did."
"I told you I don't pick dense Rebels. He was and is not stupid. If I hear one more word about him, I will personally take the one who said something and dangle him over the stairs outside the Centre." Ayden's voice had taken on a darker tone. He wasn't messing around. "Am I understood?"
Kane ducked his head and didn't lift it again, a surprising move considering his prideful persona. Ayden's voice returned to normal once he told Logan to proceed. The young boy held the box in a way that the contents could be seen and still not fall out.
Dominoes.
"This is what you've got us corralled here for? A box of dominoes?" Maddox jeered. "What are we, twelve?"
Logan frowned.
"I don't know about you guys, but I'm out of here. I have to reload the-"
"You sit your smart arse back on that box right now!" Ayden demanded. Maddox immediately dropped to his previous position. The leader marched up to the twin, towering over him like an angered giant. "You know very well that I wouldn't call a meeting for something pointless. You know that I have you all here for a reason."
"Yeah, I know, but-"
"But nothing." Ayden gestured for Logan without looking at him. He was far too busy staring down Maddox, who gulped. His forehead sheened with a fresh layer of sweat. "You will sit here and listen to what needs to be said, and you will not say anything until it's finished. You will respect everyone in this room who wants to hear, you will respect Logan, and you will respect me. You will-"
Dozens of dark, rectangular objects clattered against the floor, followed by a silver box and its lid. Logan dropped to the ground not a moment later, fumbling with the dominoes in a hurry to collect them. "S-sorry. It was a re-really-" Logan paused to adjust his jaw. "Really big twi-itch."
Ayden's features went from menacing to soft in a matter of seconds. "It's quite all right. Can I see one of those?" Logan reached up and placed a domino in his hand. Ayden nodded in thanks.
When he turned back to Maddox, he remained calm. The hand with the domino offered itself to the prankster and, with caution, he took it in his own. He twirled the object in between his fingers, examining the small piece of something that could be big.
"These dominoes are a symbol for us," Ayden said, "A symbol for who we are, who we want to be, and what we believe in. You may not know exactly what that is at the moment, but I'll tell you right now that if you think these aren't worth your time, we don't want you here. And that's not just for Maddox. That's a message to all of you."
Ayden brushed off his jacket and rejoined himself with Logan, who had just finished picking up what he'd dropped. He cleared his throat again. "If you no longer wish to be a part of our group, don't accept the domino that Logan gives you." He gave each Rebel a long, hard look in the eye, and they all returned the look. Then they found Jade again. "If you do stay, and you do accept, I want you to hold that domino with you wherever you go. Don't lose it. Or you'll lose us, too."
One by one, each person was given a domino. No one denied. First was Kane. Then Mathias, who deemed it safe to join his brother. Then Tempest, and Lino reluctantly. Abril took hers with a small cheer. Logan grabbed one out for himself.