
"Wait, wait, wait. Hold up." Jade held her hand out in front of her. "You mean to tell me that this is some sort of weapons training?"
Ayden confirmed as if it were an everyday thing for him.
"But I'm perfectly fine with a gun. I don't need anything else," she said.
"That's what you think. But sooner or later there will come a time when you're either out of ammo, or it's just impossible to use a gun, and you'll be wishin' you had my pride-and-joy." He let out a huff as he struggled to pull the safe door open. Once it was, he stood back and gestured to the contents of the rectangular box, treating it as though it were the biggest achievement of his life. "There she is. Smooth and shining, just waiting for someone to pick her up."
Jade was impressed. Before her, held vertically in the safe, was a blade a little over half her size; from what she could tell it was over three feet. The glistening surface of the steel was curved moderately and slender. She felt that the weapon would be able to cut through skin like butter just by looking at the sharpness of its edges. A shiver swept through her veins. I'm going to be using this? What if I cut myself? Or someone else?
Ayden seemed to notice her discomfort. He took a step forward, draped an arm across her shoulders, and gently urged her closer to the weapon. With each miniature step came a detail on the hilt; small triangles appeared within already carefully carved out shapes made of black and a golden color. It was a beautiful weapon. No wonder Ayden took such pride in it.
But how do you use it? Jade wondered. She must've let her thoughts slip into words, because Ayden answered.
"That's what you're here for. Have you heard nothing I've said? Any road, don't expect to be an expert on the first try. It takes years to master just how to hold and swing it correctly, let alone use it in combat." He reached out for the hilt and gently removed it from its place in the safe. His eyes scanned the surface of the blade, specks of dissatisfaction in his expression. "Don't know where the sheath went. I'll have to find another one."
Questions built up in Jade's mind, all of them relevant, none of them helpful. "When did you start practicing with that...thing?"
The corners of his mouth turned down. "It's not a thing. It's a katana."
"Po-tay-to, po-tah-to."
He gave a light chuckle and flicked her arm. "Sure. As for your question, I first handled one of these beauties in my late grade school years. Fenced far before then, so I had experience with weapons before then." His gaze on the sword turned stale, cold, thoughtful. "Finn used to be my fencing partner. That's how we really became friends." He sucked in a deep breath, and continued. "After every 'on guard!' we'd shout stories to each other, some real, some made up. It was great fun."
"I bet you miss it," Jade said. I know I miss school. Sports, smarts, and simplicity. Nothing like how it is now. Well, the simplicity part, that is. I guess running from bleached ninjas could be considered a sport.
"I do. In fact, I've got a daily reminder of one day when he managed to catch the side of my face when I didn't have a mask on." As a follow up for his sentence, he pushed away the hair covering the side of his face. Just below his temple there was a patch of red, the same patch that Jade had seen on the fishing vessel when the wind had moved it. Now that she was closer, she saw that a few scars branched away from the patch.
"So that's what that was about," she said, reaching up to feel the spot.