
She can't pass this up, right? . . . Right? Ayden sat on his bed that was positioned in the middle of the cabin, trying to conjure up ensuring thoughts for himself. The last rays of daylight were shining through the large porthole, and the objects in the room cast shadows along the orange walls and carpeted floor.
Who am I kidding? It had been a bleak shout in the dark when he had kissed Jade. A part of him had been thinking that maybe, just maybe she felt something too. She did let it slip that she had enjoyed it, but then she ran away. He needed to know why. Ayden's elbows rested on his knees and he rubbed his face with his calloused hands. I pulled the most idiotic move someone could ever make. I've only known her for a little more than a week!
When Ayden had randomly picked her off the street he figured she was just another person that he could use as a pawn in the riot. Then he saw her face. Jade Maliks, the Hero, The Girl Who Knows No Fear. The one person he had spent months trying to figure out as much as he could about. And by sheer coincidence, he had found her. Of course, Ayden had to play it off like he had no idea who she was or she wouldn't have trusted him. The truth came out eventually due to her questions and his own slip ups. She's a curious one, that's for sure.
Somehow through all of his contemplative thoughts, Ayden remembered the ceremony. He sighed, reluctantly sliding off the bed and checking his suit and flaming red hair one last time before leaving the safety of the cabin. The door locked behind him automatically and he walked down the endless corridor to get to the elevator. It was already down here so all he had to do was hop in and press a button. The elevator zoomed upwards and since the doors were see-through Ayden watched the different floors appear and disappear. Earlier he had seen two adults messing around in the elevator, and laughed at the memory. The only reason he hadn't laughed when he first saw them was because he didn't want to seem rude. Who knows, maybe Jade's friends with them?
The elevator jerked to a stop and Ayden stepped out. He lifted up an arm and pushed back the sleeve, checking his watch. I'm late! His pace quickened and before long he was dashing through corridors and lobbies, rudely interrupting conversations in several groups of people by running between them. Ayden could hear them murmuring in irritated voices behind him as he kept moving.
Ayden came across a long, orderly line of people. There were two people at the doors checking lists and either letting people in, or denying their entrance. This will take forever to get through! I do know Jade though . . . maybe they'll make an exception of me, oh, I don't know, cutting the line? Ayden marched past the dozens of people glaring at him. Someone stepped in front of him, keeping Ayden from advancing any further. "What do you think you're doing? Back of the line!" he demanded. Some spit escaped his mouth and landed on Ayden's face.
He wiped the spit away as he answered him. "I'm here to watch the ceremony, same as you. Someone is actually expecting me to be here. So if you'll just--"
"Let him through, Mike, we'll get in eventually." A woman came up behind the man and pulled him back into the line, allowing Ayden to continue. The man gave him a look of anguish and annoyance, and Ayden simply smiled brightly as if nothing had happened while he made his way to the front of the line.
"I need in," Ayden said to one the men holding a clipboard.
"So do all those people behind you, I'll have to ask you to leave, sir." He stared down at his clipboard. "Next."
"Ayden Crockwell," he said.
"Excuse me? Is that who you're here for? He never gave permission for anyone else to--"