
Belts wrapped around their waists, pistols and knifes slipped into the little slots meant to hold them. Rick had a sniping rifle slung over his back, long and giving him a menacing vibe even with the bright smile on his face. Lea had a large array of knives slipped into her belt of all different shapes and sizes, and she had even more in secret compartments in her uniform. Brad slipped two handguns and a small knife into his belt, not needing much else other than his fists. Jade though, had the least of everyone else on the team. One small pistol was hanging from her belt right next to a blade the size of her middle finger. And I have no intent on using either of them, she thought.
A helicopter painted in the same tones and pattern as the uniforms hovered above the roof, dropping a ladder down. They climbed up one by one and took their places after the door closed. It would take them to a carrier a long ways from the safety of the American country. Even when it landed to get fuel on the great carrier, the team remained in the metal contraption.
The carrier soared through the waves, wasting no time at all. A decade ago they went much slower than this, but a lot had changed in the past five years. A sailor informed them that they would be at the secluded destination by sunset.
The day seemed to drag on, the same scenery passing by for many, many hours. Eventually the sky began to darken, and the deeper the blues got the more tense everyone became. By the time Jade could clearly see a chunk of land, it was practically pitch black. The helicopter lifted into the night sky, heading closer to the countries shores. What do these people call them again? The Enemies? Yeah, real creative with your names.
The helicopter hovered a few feet above the shallow water of the salty ocean and the doors were flung open. The members of Jade's team jumped out and their boots hit the water with a splash. Jade hesitated, and that proved to be a mistake because she was just pushed out anyways. She stumbled when she made contact with the knee-deep body of water.
The water was cool to Jade's skin as it soaked through the pants of her uniform, the fabric swishing across her legs as she trudged to the sandy shore.
Not being seen was of vast importance, and although the black blanket overhead certainly helped, there was still a small shred of possibility for being seen. An cliff caught the team's eye, one with a massive cave-like hole in it. It was more like an overhang, and it served the perfect spot for preparing to head out.
Once they stood under the umbrella of rock, Rick pulled out a map of the areas they were to observe, eavesdrop on, and get as much information as they could about. He smoothed it out against a flat rock and pointed to a large red dot near a blue area on the map.
"Since it's closest, we'll go there first. It's one of the Enemies harbor's. They should be keeping their carriers and warships there, but they might have moved it someplace else. If we see normal fishing boats there then we take note of that and leave to investigate the next place. This is pretty much going to be our process this whole mission. Everyone got it?"
Everyone nodded their heads as Rick folded the map up again and stuck it in one of his pockets. They weren't too far away from where the harbor was, so it didn't take long before the massive grey ships became visible. As Jade inched closer she saw the large machine guns positioned around the length of each ship, standing tall in the sky. Jade knew that no one would be manning them at this time, but she still felt a sense of fear wash of her as she stared at the dozen carriers.
"We'll split up. Jade, you head over to that abandoned fish shack while I tell the others where to go," Rick said.