
Ian walked around to the other side of the body, maybe doing so would give him a clue as to where Jade was. The front made everything stand out even more. Half of his black shirt was torn apart, gruesome purple bruises and red scratches scrawled across his torso like writing. One particular long red mark stuck out like a blinking neon sign. He turned away from the image, towards the pillar he was standing next to. What he wasn't expecting was being able to see through them. Holes decorated the pillar with splinters sticking out at every angle. Bullet holes. What did they do with Jade?! Panic was beginning to stir in his mind. Where is she?!
Ian backed away from the corpse and the bullet-infested pillar. Whoever did this I'll-- His heel bumped into something and he was sent falling backwards. He was sprawled against the floor with his arms splayed out. Ian's back only began getting sore after a few seconds of laying there. Jade, where are you?
He sat up, rubbing his back as he did so. Ian stopped almost as soon as he started, moving his hand up to cover his mouth so that his girly scream wouldn't come out. Why? Because he had tripped over another body. This one was a woman, her blonde ponytail sticking out from under a helmet. She wore the same outfit as the man except hers weren't torn or tarnished. The only way you would know she was harmed was by her swollen neck. Her hands were close to that portion of her body, and Ian looked closer. A distinct red line popped out at him, similar to the one on the man's torso.
"So this was done by the same person," Ian said aloud to no one in particular. "I wond--"
Gurgling and coughing interrupted his voice. Ian looked down at the girl and sure enough, she was grasping her throat and seeming to struggle with breathing. For a moment he just sat there, dumbfounded. Coming to his senses once again, he changed his position so that he was kneeling beside her head. She'll know where Jade is!
Ian tried asking her if she knew anything but decided against it, realizing that she couldn't speak while choking. What do I do? I'm no doctor! Attempting to help out, Ian lifted her up so that she was at a sitting position. The gurgling stopped, but not the coughing. She seemed to see him for the first time and her eyes begged Ian to do something. He froze. What can I do? I don't know what I'm doing even now. . .
Her eyes rolled into the back of her head and her eyes fluttered to a close. The coughing stopped instantaneously and she became limp. "Hey, um . . . are you dead?"
When Ian got no response he laid her gently back on the ground. There was nothing more he could do, so he simply stood up and brushed himself off. It was apparent by now that Jade was not in there. But where else would she be? There was only one place he could think of, and if she wasn't there he wouldn't know where else to go.
<><><><><><>
Ian's shoulder crashed into the door and it gave way easily. Stumbling into the room, he scanned the inside. Nothing. He trudged over to the bathroom and flung open the door. Nothing again. Why isn't she here?! Ian walked over to the sink and grabbed the sides of the counter tightly. What have I done to deserve this? I can't lose her again . . .  He stared at himself in the mirror. Ian's skin was sickly pale and dark circles surrounded his eyes. Thick bags hung low and he swore he saw a few wrinkles. I'm only 20 . . . why has this happened? Stubble stuck out from his chin and above his upper lip. Ian had really let himself go while Jade was away for months and months on end. And now he was receiving the effects.
Why did she leave me? Why did she let this side of me come out? Why? Ian watched himself in the mirror, watching the eyebrows angle downwards and the lips tighten into a straight line. Why? The corners of the mouth pulled down slightly. Why? Out of anger Ian swiped up the first thing on the counter he could see, a dish with a bar of soap in it, and flung it across the room. It shattered against the wall, sending purple pieces of glass tinkling against the floor. Why? He flailed his arms around, knocking bottles of shampoo and such out of their places. Why?! He let his fist make contact with the mirror, shattering the glass and his reflection. The shards cracked and stuck like that for a moment, letting him see a broken image of himself. They then collapsed and fell into the sink, sliding around and getting stuck in the drain. Why . . .