
Kane spoke to her with his back still turned. "This place is huge. So many floors. You were on the top one, closest to the outside world. If I remembered right, then Ayden will be closer to the bottom ones."
Jade remained silent, much too focused on where she put her feet to care for what this man had to say. A loud bang came from ahead of her and she looked up. Kane faced her now and held one hand out in a gesture telling her to stop. The other hand pointed down at the area just in front of her and she followed it with her eyes, becoming doubtful that this place was very stable once they landed on a missing stair.
"Jump," Kane said.
"I'd rather just step over it."
Kane sighed, and said, "If you're going to be a part of this group, you're going to have to grow some balls. Not sure how it works on the ladies, but figure it out. Now jump."
Jade gave him a wary look before glancing down at the hole where a thin piece of metal should've been. "If I fall and die it's your fault."
"I can live with that."
Jade pushed off from the step she once stood on, and the sensation of flying--and falling--overcame her. Butterflies fluttered in her stomach, but not in a way that made everything all fine and dandy. No, these butterflies were morphing into bees, and they were being shot like bullets all around her insides, making her stomach clench in defense. The bees didn't die off once she landed either. It was difficult for her to catch her footing and she tripped, heading face first against the stairs she would probably end up tumbling down.
Leather brushed against her skin and wrapped around her arms, stopping her from advancing any further to Bruiseville. Jade was set upright again and the hands removed themselves from her arms. Kane brushed past her and started to jog down each step.
"Thanks for saving my face from the ground," Jade said.
"It was a pleasure," Kane replied monotonously. "Thank you for growing a pair. Perhaps later you can tell me how the female species do just that. I don't recall learning about that in anatomy."
Jade rolled her eyes, almost shocked at how sarcastic this guy had been since he first opened his mouth. "Only if you throw in some tea and crumpets while we discuss," she said, trying to match his level of satire. Just a few minutes ago I was threatening to beat him with a mattress, and now we're cracking jokes. People work in mysterious ways, myself included.
They finally made it to another rusted door, which Kane leaned on to prevent Jade from entering. "No funny business, 'kay?"
Jade crossed her arms over her chest and raised a questioning eyebrow. "What's that supposed to mean?"
"Well, it could mean many things. Speaking of funny business, I can't help but think of a fun-house with a bunch of monkeys painted on the side. I don't know why, but it just sticks itself in my mind. That ever happen to you?"
"Sure," Jade said. "Are we going in there now, or what?"
"Well dang, I was just trying to make conversation." He gave her a lopsided grin. "But if you're staying here for good, I'll have plenty of time for that later."