
"Thank you so much..." He looked down at the woman's chest, checking her name tag. "Marissa. It means a lot. You are truly a good woman."
Finn jogged throughout the floor, earning odd looks from people in the halls, the people who worked for his uncle. His tear-stained cheeks must've been the reason. The intercom crackled to life though, calling for everyone to meet in a certain room. Everyone but Finn. They passed him warily, some of them probably warned about his short temper by those he had lashed out at. Nothing like his relative, who was always calm and collected. He supposed he got his acting skills from him. We should both be on Broadway, we're that good. Funny, this is what comes to mind after killing someone. The mind has a strange way of working sometimes.
Soon, he came across a door with the last name of his uncle printed on it. It was a fake last name, of course. His uncle was always the private type. Finn knew everything about him though. He had learned his uncle's ways, nothing could be hidden. He had plenty of time to do so after the death of his parents. He was taken in by the only man in his family who still cared. The man who owned this office, the one that Finn was currently stepping into and closing the door of.
They had both taken the deaths hard, both worked to reconcile memories together. Both worked to find the killer. At one point his uncle had left for a week, saying he had some important work to take care of. When he came back, he said that the murderer was taken care of, and wouldn't harm anyone again. That was when Finn decided he wanted to be just like his uncle. He wanted to get rid of anyone who would harm anyone else deliberately for some stupid reason. Finn's reasons weren't stupid, and he only did it to save others. To save others from physical and mental harm, to save them from being beaten and verbally abused.
Finnian was a good man, and he had good motives. That's what he kept telling himself, and he believed every word, relished in the thought that the death of bad people would bring happiness to the good. His uncle was the only person who knew of this goal, the goal to make the good happy and the bad miserable.
He only killed Boss because he was causing that pain in Finn's stomach. The feeling of hurt. The feeling of not being worthy, of not being good enough. All because he put Ayden in a higher place than him, made Ayden better than him. Finn was scum compared to Ayden. But Ayden was excrement compared to Finn. It was all perspective. The followers of the Resistance preferred acts of betrayal. Those who worked for Finn and his uncle believed in winning, in starting anew, and in coming together to get things done. To get the right things done.
Finn pressed his back against the closed door as his eyes flitted around the office. When he was done making sure he was in the right place he closed his eyes, thinking back to what Boss had said. "Ayden is still alive." He told himself that he needed to go, that his old childhood friend needed to die for the better.
"Ayden is still alive."
Finn couldn't help but let a sigh of relief escape his lips.