
The twins were suddenly pushed to the ground, then were violently pulled up and slammed against the wall of the building, pinned and unable to move. Tempest was put in a similar position. Jade quickly looked at Abril, and sure enough, her sword was now several feet away from her. The figure pounced on her. Things aren't looking too good right now...and where's Ayden?
Flashes of red snagged the corner of her eye, tugging it to the right like a fish hook. A body was pushed to the ground, and it slid across the dead grass with its arms raised in defense. Gusts of wind blew, which ruffled the man's hair and exposed a deep red splotch on his temple. Ayden.
One of those clad in white stood over Ayden's defenseless body, a single ribbon hanging from their waist and blowing in the breeze. Their gloved hands moved into Jade's field of vision and her jaw dropped. White fingers were wrapped around a black handle, which supported a long blade, one that shivered in the moonlight. The hands positioned the thing clumsily until both hands were overlapping each other, the blade pointed down towards Ayden, as if he were about to begin stabbing at him like one would do to drive a stick into the ground. They wouldn't do that, would they?
They would. Their arms were slowly raised above their head, with Ayden staring up at them without anything to protect himself other than the arm blocking his face. Seeming to finally realize this, his piercing blue eyes widened, and he let his lips part to let out a breath. The cloud of fog formed and disappeared. The one clad in white took this as a cue, and brought the blade down in a quick whoosh, slicing through the air.
The blade wasn't the only thing to cut through the atmosphere.
A finger on the trigger. The trigger...pulled. A bang, a bullet. A body falls. So does the blade. Life, taken. Life, saved. White fabric stretched across ones head reddens, while black fabric shifts as one scrambles away from the one clad in white. Eyes, darting in her direction, locking on her own. Electric shocks of blue shout their surprise. More eyes; brown, darker brown, two pairs of green, all saying the same thing.
And it was here they realized that they done diddily fucked up. Jade looked at the gun in her hand, then down at herself. One foot stood proudly on top of the highest rock, and her other sit on one not far from the top of the stack. She was completely exposed now, all the hidden eyes were on her, watching. Waiting. Perhaps trying to hide the fact that one of them had just peed themselves.
She knew she had to do something. If not, this prolonged staring would continue. So she lowered her gun to her side and said, "You said you would play that board game with Logan. I'm not going to let you out of that promise so easily."
Ayden huffed, and snorted in amusement. Then came the nervous laughter. "Well, I take it you've been getting along."
"Just fine," she called over, "Just fine."
"What are you idiots waiting for?!" a feminine voice shouted from the entrance of the building. "Get her, and kill the rest!"
A loud crack came from where the others were being held hostage, and Jade turned to see one of the figures holding their nose and groaning in agony while Tempest was moving freely again. She moved swiftly, removing a crossbow that was attached to her back, already loaded, and aimed it at the figure. Click. The arrow shot forth and entered through the guy's eye, and he collapsed to the ground in a pile of nothing. Tempest was quick in reloading it again, and soon the one holding Abril down was laying off to the side with an arrow sticking out of the back of their neck.