
The closer they got to the top flight of stairs, the clearer Ayden could hear dozens of voices and other loud sounds, the clanging of metal and wood, scuffling feet against the deck, and plenty of hollering. His hand trailed along the railing going up the walls and his eyes focused on the back of Jade's head. Her now flat, wet hair slightly bounced as she ran up the stairs. I wonder what I look like . . . Ayden kept thinking of his gashed open cheek, the tears in his clothes, and the occasional splatters of blood slung across his shirt, hands, and face. No more holding back from killing Finn and no more empty threats. Next time I see him, if I see him, I will make sure he never messes with me again.
A cool gust of wind blew against Ayden's face and bare forearms. He shivered, cursing himself for taking the jacket off earlier. Looking around, he saw dozens of people running about, from old women with canes to little boys gripping toy cars. Many of the workers that he had seen on the ship and officers were setting things up that he didn't care for taking a closer look at. All Ayden wanted was to get his mouth fixed, change into some warm clothes, and go to sleep. Although, it was obvious that wasn't going to happen anytime soon. He tilted his head back and looked up at the pitch black sky. The only thing keeping it from being as black as his pants were the bright stars scattered everywhere. It would've been breathtaking if not for the circumstances.
Jade nudged him back into reality and grabbed his arm. She pulled vigorously until he finally began moving on his own. Ayden's feet dragged along the ground in sluggish steps. His eyelids felt heavy and he tried to remember the last time he had gotten a full nights sleep. Not for a long time. It's only a couple hours a night as it is and now I'm running on nothing.
When Jade stopped moving Ayden did the same gladly. Finding a chance to respite, he leaned against the ledge of the ship. Jade took a step towards him and whispered something. He barely caught it, but after a few moments he nodded. She was going to go ask about getting on a lifeboat. Ayden decided to rest his eyes for a bit, and slid down the ledge until he was sitting on the cold floor of the deck. Pulling his knees up to his chest and wrapping his arms around them, Ayden pressed his head into the crook of an arm and closed his eyes.
~*~*~*~
"Ayden. Get up." A gentle shove. "Wake up already." Something flicked his arm. "Ayden?" Someone gripped his shoulders. "Hey, open your eyes." Shaking. "Wake the hell up already!" His shoulder made contact with the ground and he groaned in annoyance and pain.
"Five more minutes," Ayden muttered.
"We don't have five more minutes. Don't make me dump water on you. There's plenty here," a feminine voice taunted.
Ayden cracked his eyes open slightly, just to see who the person trying to wake him from him slumber was. Once he saw who it was, his eyes lit up. He sat up and rubbed his eyes. "Jade? What's wrong?"
"There's no more lifeboats, that's what's wrong!" She pressed her palms to her temples and began pacing. Right. We're on a ship. And it's sinking. And we just got away from a mad-man. Ayden's cheek stung painfully and he winced. "Still hurt?" He nodded. "Come on." She held out a hand and he took it. The moisture was still pouring from his cheek, and he was beginning to feel slightly dizzy from the blood loss.
As Ayden was pulled to his feet, he noticed how the deck was slightly less crowded than before. Maybe a lot of people got off before they ran out of boats.  "What now?"