
Ian maneuvered his head at just the right moment to avoid being hit himself. Evan, though, hadn't been so lucky. A drunken girl with makeup around her eyes coated on so thickly it looked like she was part raccoon was dancing in a way so that her hands were held like talons, and on the receiving end of one of her swipes was Ian's friend. It looked like it hurt, and Evan confirmed his suspicions through a wince. He looked like he was about to start yelling at the girl, so Ian squeezed through a couple, or two strangers, he couldn't tell, and tugged him away from the woman.
"I should really give her a piece of my mind," Evan said, scowling.
"She's drunk, she didn't even know she hit you."
"No, not about her hitting me, although that's not helping her. You didn't see it, but in a rage of twerking she hit me with her butt and sent me flying into a couple grinders. Oh man, they were so mad about my 'interruption.' By they way, is my face bleeding?" Evan pointed to where he had been struck. Three long lines of red were forming on the skin, but not too dark of a red to be blood.
"No. Just a few very noticeable scratches."
"Eh, I'll just say it was my cat. Vicious thing. Popped up out of nowhere one time while I was eating dinner and took off with my corn-dog."
Ian couldn't help it, and burst into laughter. Any other time it'd just be a short chuckle, but now he found the thought hilarious. He liked the lightness he felt now.
"Hey, don't laugh! It is not a laughing matter! She hit me with her butt, you don't just do that to a guy!" Evan shouted. A few heads turned, but they quickly went back to whatever they were doing, probably concluding that he was drunk, like many others here. All but one. Ian tried shushing his friend, and he calmed down to a bunch of incoherent mumbling. Ian felt a tap on his shoulder, and turned around.
"Hey," a girl started, "I saw you over there, and thought you might wanna dance?" Ian stared long at her. She had dark skin like Jade, just a few shades darker, but still enough to remind him of her.
"I..."
"He would love to!" Evan shouted, leaning his elbow on Ian's shoulder. "Go get 'em, pal! I'll be over there, at the bar. Meet me there if you accidentally murder her with your awkwardness. I'll be expecting you soon." And with that, he was gone, and Ian was left stranded with this stranger.
The woman turned to him again, black hair swishing around her shoulders. Out of nowhere she snatched up Ian's hand and began pulling him even deeper into the crowd. That was the last place he wanted to be. I just want to go back to the bar and drink more. Soon, the girl had conformed to the rest of the dancing mob, and Ian was left the odd one out, unmoving. Strange, he was alone even when packed in on all sides by others. It's not anything new.
A pair of hands covered his and the girl was back. She smiled. "Are you gonna dance, or not?"
Ian answered, but she didn't hear it over the pound of the speakers, so he repeated it louder. "I don't dance."
"Oh, sure you do. Here, just copy me. Or, that guy over there." She pointed to a man stumbling around, barely moving his arms or legs.
"Right..."
"Like me." The girl started moving her hips from side to side, arms raised above her head. Several men and women stared at her, both in admiration and envy. They shouldn't stare. It's rude. Then again, a place like this wouldn't have social rules. "Now you try."
The eyes shifted over to Ian. "I..." he said awkwardly.