
The elevator hadn't gone back down since the last time Jade had used it, so they entered relatively quickly. River punched the button for the second floor before Jade could press one. When she gave him a confused look, he held his free hand up and moved his fingers in a gesture. Stairs. They would get to the second floor and then take the stairs. Jade trusted River's ideas more than she trusted her own, so she leaned against the back wall, Ian still attached to her, and decided to go along with whatever the masked man suggested they do.
As the elevator descended, Jade figured there was no other time than right there to pull out the domino she had set aside and slip it into Ian's pocket. He lolled his head in her direction and stared down at her. "What...is that?" he whispered.
"A domino," she said. "I gave it to you because I don't want to lose you."
His eyes immediately dampened at that statement, and he pressed his forehead against hers. "Don't leave again. Don't leave. Don't leave." He kept repeating those two words, sounding like a broken record and getting quieter each time he said it. His busted lip had started bleeding sometime before they entered the cramped space and now it was running down his chin and getting worse each time he said something. The last thing he needed was more injury, so she gently told him to "shh." He did.
The elevator doors opened and Jade and River got back to work at hauling Ian out of there and down the hall. She trusted that River knew where he was going. Soon they came to a set of stairs. Jade knew they'd be a hassle to get down. Still, they both tried to make Ian's trek as easy as possible and waited a full five seconds before heading to the next step. By the time they were halfway down, River's heavy breathing was audible behind his mask. It kind of sounded like Darth Vader.
During the last half of stairs, River fished around in his pocket for something with his free, gloved hand (not a single inch of his skin was visible). When he retracted it from his sweatshirt he held a tiny slip of folded paper in his glove. The note seemed to have an aura of curiosity surrounding it. Only when they reached the bottom of the stairs did she figure out what its contents were. He handed her the note and she eagerly unfolded it, digesting what it said.
Meet up with the others.
I'll make sure he gets to safety.
-R
Jade looked up from the note. Ian had been reading it over her shoulder and was shaking his head in high disapproval. "No," he said, "Don't leave me. Don't, please, just come with us, you have to." She ignored his pleads no matter how much the action pained her.
"I'll trust you for now," Jade said to the masked face. She felt it stupid to believe someone who's face she had never seen. It felt like she was being lied to. But she knew that River was trying to help. "But if I find out that anything happens to him, even as much as a hair is being plucked from his head, I will find you."
River nodded, unfazed, and stuck out his hand. Jade took it up and shook it, then she parted from Ian and held open the door for them. They stumbled into the bitter cold, Ian kicking up clumps of snow and stumbling forwards. River was strong and kept him upright. Jade thought that surely he couldn't walk him through the forest, though. She was right: a motorcycle, specifically the one River had been riding to the riot, was waiting for them.