
Brad couldn't take it, and dropped to his knees, scraping them along the asphalt. He wanted to help, to save her, but had no idea what to do. All I ever do is destroy things. Take the warehouse for example. It was so much easier when he wasn't thinking of how the people inside would die, of how they might've ended up like this. Like Lea. And he enjoyed it when he didn't think of the distraught friends and families, of how much pain the person would be going through in their moribund state. He liked the control that was in his hands as long as he didn't have to see the effects of his actions.
Now that he actually was seeing them, he wanted to tear something apart out of fury. But that would only put more weight on my shoulders, an even larger burden. As he sat there looking at Lea's bloodied body, he felt the only thing he could do to help her would be to leave, to just let her die. It wouldn't be peaceful, but perhaps it would be without pain. Lea's eyes were closed, meaning she was either dead or unconscious. He hoped to God that it was the latter, but some ruthless, merciless part deep down inside of him wanted it to be the first. He didn't want to have to go through all of the jail situations, the trials, or having the live with Lea's deepened hatred burning through him like a blacksmith's current masterpiece, one that was still in the process of being made. I'm such a selfish bastard.
And I'm going to change that today. The internal decision he was about to make would be difficult, but he vowed to go through with it. No more destruction on my hand. It ends today.
Brad crawled over to Lea's bloody figure. Parts of her were already starting to bruise, her nose looked crooked, and there was so much blood that Brad didn't even know where to start. It was hopeless. She would die of blood loss before an ambulance would get there. He took off his jacket and tore it into pieces easily, applying pressure with them on places where the more prominent wounds were visible. There wasn't much else he could do, if she wasn't already gone. Staunching the blood flow should save some time.
Jade walked over to Brad and handed him the phone again, and he placed it down on the pavement. "There's an ambulance on the way," she said quietly. Jade leaned over her bloodstained soon-to-be-corpse, sadness filling her eyes and spilling over, drenching her cheeks and dripping onto the dark street.
"I knew she looked familiar," she said out of nowhere.
Brad looked up from he he crouched. "What do you mean?"
"Well . . . she saved my life once. I was in a tough situation. I regret saying what I said now. I had done some eavesdropping on her and heard something about the death of her best friend, James. At first I had no idea, and used it to shut her up. But now . . . I remember. She saved me in place of her friend. And I gave her nothing in return except pain." She sighed, a new flood of moisture falling down her face in the form of rivers.
Brad pitied her. "It must be a tough thing to talk about. You don't have to say anything else. I understand."
The silence settled over them once again, the sirens sounding in the distance.
==========
It was the next day, one of sorrow and worry. After Lea had been taken to the hospital, the police had taken Brad for questioning and--after lots of convincing from the cops and Brad himself--Jade and Rick made their way to his home. The roommate at first had tried to be cheery and hospitable, but soon caught on that it wasn't really a good time and left them both alone for the remainder of the evening.