
"Shutting down the fence also shut down the cameras inside," Lea said.
Jade looked towards the entrance. "How can you tell?"
"The lights on the cameras out here turned off once you hit that box. That move seemed to be your only smart move yet." Lea faced the building more. "I'm going first, I don't need an amateur to screw things up for me and everyone else."
The two half-ran half-squatted to the front entrance. After looking through the glass doors to look for any signs of life and finding none, Lea pulled a knife with a relatively thin blade and began picking the lock. She did it with relative ease and soon they were in. They pressed themselves against a wall, listening for sounds around the corner. Lea whispered to Jade while they stuck to the shadows of the halls. "You have to look through the windows, you're the only one that knows what the guy looked like. don't fuck it up."
We stealthed through the long halls, ducking into empty closets at the smallest sounds. Since it was probably after-hours here, most of the fluorescent lights on the ceiling were out, only about three lit up per hallway. The darkness was welcomed by the team members, shrouding them in shadow. By the time the meeting should have been starting, the two were scurrying around on the top floor.
There was one last door they still hadn't checked. This has to be it. The door was shut but there was a long thick window along the side of the door, a ray of white light reflecting on the polished linoleum in the hall.
Jade peered into the window, glad that everyone in the room had their backs turned away from the threshold. She barely needed more than a second to know that the man that was talking inside was the man she had seen at the harbor. Lea positioned her body to an angle where she could see inside without anyone seeing her as Jade pressed a curious ear to the door.
". . . will bring him back to our country for not only interrogation, but to send America into a panic. And just to make sure they don't get back on their feet anytime soon after this . . . we will kill the backup one. And why not kill everyone else we see while we're at it?"
"You're making it sound like some murder mission instead of a kidnapping. But I have to agree, we can't have any witnesses."
"Thank you for your input. Anyways, I have gathered all of you, the most elite and skilled in our entire country for this special assignment. I will leave it to all of you to find out how to get this done. You will all be sent to America sometime in the future to fulfill this task. Good luck, and goodbye. And keep in mind that if you don't succeed, you and everything close to you will be punished and destroyed. Off with you all."
Chairs scraped against the floor and Lea gave a warning look. Going back down the stairs and through the parking lot wasn't an option. Jade looked towards Lea for an idea. She pointed to the wall next to door. The wall just so happened to be made entirely out of glass; a massive window. What is up with windows taking up entire walls nowadays? Oh, and, aw hell no.
Before Jade could protest, Lea pulled her biggest knife from her belt and tossed it at the window, shattering it into a million pieces. The snowflake-sized chunks showered the floor of the hall and rained down on the lot below, glistening in the light of the lampposts. Yelling came from inside the meeting room and Lea took ahold of Jade's arm, tugging her towards the window that was no more.
"No, oh hell no! I'm not jumping from a damn window! There's no way—" Lea leapt from the building, Jade still in her tight grip. One of them let out a bloodcurdling scream, and Jade was pretty sure it wasn't coming from Lea.