
He sat behind a large wooden desk; it looked old, but still in good condition. There were three large windows behind him, stretching from the bottom of the floor to the ceiling, and butterscotch-colored curtains adorned each window. A fireplace on the north side of the oval shaped room sat unlit. The presidential emblem was on the carpet as well, just beneath Jade's quivering feet. I'd better not mess this up. Anyone else I'd be fine making a fool of myself around, but the President? Ha, I'm dead. I am simply dead. I'm going to die.
"Hello again, General Banks. And greetings, to Ms. Maliks." The gray-haired president clasped his hands on his desk. "We have no time for idle chit-chat, unfortunately, so I'll get straight to the point. I hope you know what the dangerous measures of what I'm going to assign to you are."
The two nervous beings sitting across from him nodded.
"Good. Now, as you know, America has been faced with some serious and severe attacks. It is up to you to help stop them. Maliks, you will be assigned a mission and then you will meet your team. I have already spoken to them. They are each in a different room of the White House. You will meet them in the dining room at dinner. Banks, you will prepare for another surprise attack, the next defense strategy, and an offensive strategy. Report to me once you find a full-proof plan. But for now, mission. Ready, Maliks?" The president's deep voice seemed to make the words stretch on and on.
"Yes, Mr. President," Jade answered with a mask of confidence.
He smiled. "Very well. You and your team are to travel to the main Enemy country, and figure out as much information as you can on their plans, strategies, and anything else we may need to know. Do whatever necessary to find out what you need to know. Just don't get caught. I'm not going to lie, if you get caught by them, the consequences they have planned will be excruciating. Understand?"
"Yes sir. One question though. How will we get there?" Jade felt that her question would've been answered later on, but wanted to get as much information as she could for the moment.
"You will board a carrier and from there a helicopter will take you in and drop you off in a secluded area," he explained. "Once you finish up, you are to head back to that spot and the same helicopter will pick you up from there. It then will take you back to the carrier and you will be brought back here. Anything else you wish to know?"
Jade pondered for a moment. "Just one more thing. That portion of Ireland, or, what used to be Ireland, doesn't seem like a serious threat compared to us. Why are we having a hard time against them?"
The president hesitated, then answered her. "It seems they have been making strong alliances over the years. Some of those countries are funding and protecting them, even sending over a chunk of their own military. What's disturbing to me is that we have no idea what countries these are and how many there are."
Jade lowered her head to the ground. "That explains that then."
"If you have no more questions, I'll have someone take you to where you'll be staying for the night. Someone will come back and announce when it's dinner. Tomorrow you go to headquarters to get situated for your task. More details will be given there."
***
Knock knock knock.
"Dinner! I'll direct you there, hurry," a muffled voice said from outside the door.
"Coming," Jade said. She got to her feet and walked over to the door, opening it. An old man in a black suit was standing outside, and the two began walking towards the State Dining Room.