
"If you mean ending things with him, then yes. He's probably been waiting for me to say that since he's met me." The comment about her being a she-devil echoed through her thoughts.
"But why would he want that? If that's the truth, then he's a stupid idiot."
"Nice insult."
"Shuddup. Can you walk?"
"I think so." Jade was set down gently on the ground and she bent over to pick her bag up out of the snow. Brushing it off, she placed it right back on her shoulder. "So, um, are we ready to go?"
"Only if you're eager to."
I've had enough of this place. I need to get far away from Ian. Now. "Let's go, shoo, move it." Jade nudged Ayden's arm and brushed past him, listening to the crunch of the snow as she made distance from the apartment. Yellowish light shined down from posts, making the snow sparkle. I can sight-see later. She picked up the pace, heading to a black car that was parked in the middle of the street. When she got closer, she noticed that it was a Ferrari. "Whoa. I thought you lived in Ireland, and how did you get the money for this thing?"
"I do, and I didn't pay for it."
"So then how..." she trailed off.
"We'll be going to a base we've set up here in America. It's a couple states over, that's where we usually keep this thing." He sucked in his lip and rushed out the second part. "And by means of how we got it, Maddox hotwired it so blame him okay let's go!" He bounded over to his side of the car and opened it, sliding in before Jade could pester him with any more questions.
Jade sighed and opened the passenger side door, sliding in herself. I really hope this is a good decision. She closed the door carefully after her and gave Ayden a sideways glance. He grinned before pulling a lever and messing with a few other things. The engine roared to life, and he let out a chuckle. "I love this thing. Say bye one last time to this neighborhood, 'cause it'll be a while before you come back."
Jade looked out the window and took a good long look at her apartment. It was conjoined with another identical one, but it had always been empty. No one could ever sell it. She was glad for that now, she feared the police would've been called due to all the loud noises Ian had made.
Ian. Her eyes refocused on the front window again, and she squinted to get a better look. Sure enough, those eyes were staring back again. The eyes that had followed her around for years on end. To an extent, she recognized them. They were still the same shape and the same light shade of brown. But now they were something different. Something she had never seen before, or didn't see often. When they had been like that before it had only been a flash; a seconds worth. This time she could fully grasp what was in them. And she didn't like it.
Jade shivered, looking away from the window. She still felt herself being watched, but tried as best as she could to ignore it. The car began inching away, picking up in speed the further they moved along the street. She leaned back against the leather, finally able to relax somewhat.
"It's alright, get some sleep."
Jade crossed her arms over her chest. "I'm perfectly fine. Tip top shape."
Ayden chuckled once more, flipping a few switches. Jade's seat began to warm up slightly, and soft music began flowing in through the speakers. "Then I'll make you sleep. Just remember: you're stuck in a car for a few hours with warm seats and music. I'm usually out like a light within the first five minutes in that situation."