
A loud shriek came from Sixtine again and he couldn't help but look up out of curiosity. Curiosity killed the cat.
She was barely hanging on by just a few mangled fingers as her legs dangled impotently in mid-air. A diminutive gust of air sent the smell of salty sea-water flowing through Ayden's nostrils. He quite enjoyed the smell, it reminded him of days working a fishing boat for a living in his teen years. Such a shame I've grown up. But hey, at least I'm the same age as Jade . . . snap out of it you insolent hormonal child!
The salty gust of wind was the exact opposite for Sixtine. Another screech escaped her lips, the smallest blow of wind sending her rocking back and forth in midair. Jade surprisingly didn't make a move to help her. She must've finally realized there was nothing she could do. This must be killing her inside, considering how she seems to hate not being able to do something. Of not having control of a situation.
The strongest of all the previous gusts of wind blew against Ayden's bare forearms and against the parts of the gash on his cheek that he couldn't cover. He sighed at the relief of coolness against it, basking in the temporary painkiller. He closed his eyes, hoping that the air wouldn't stop blowing.
Another bloodcurdling scream rang out and his eyes snapped open as quickly as they had closed. Sixtine was swinging back and forth slightly, but Ayden's eyes drifted up to her fingers. They were coming loose from the metal bar. Then the part he dreaded finally took place. Her damaged joints slid free from their crushing prison, and Sixtine rocketed downwards, shooting through the hole. Squalls and screams came from her tiny mouth as she disappeared beyond sight. He looked down at his feet again, still kind of shocked even though he knew what happened would've been inevitable.
A loud clang of metal emanated from the hole. Ayden would've dismissed it, if not for the fact that the screams stopped getting farther away. By the time he looked back up again, Jade was already standing over the hole, looking down with wide eyes. He ran over to her instinctively without thinking of the possible consequences. His hands took hold of Jade's shoulder in an attempt to push her away from the hole, but curiosity got the better upper hand. Looking down into the hole, he saw Sixtine barely hanging on to a wooden plank sticking out to the center of the abyss. Her face was twisted with many expressions, one of the more distinctive ones obviously being pain. One of her hands gripped the splinter-covered plank, her distorted fingers covered in dark blood. The other hand hung limply at her side, just as contorted as the other one.
Once she saw Jade and Ayden looking down at her, the screaming ceased. The blue lights shone brightly on her face, making the tears seem to almost glitter along her cheeks. She moved her lips slowly, mouthing two words that made Ayden regret everything bad he had thought, said, and done to her.
"I'm sorry."
And with that, she unlatched her fingers from the plank and rocketed into the fiery pits below. Ayden shoved Jade far behind me so she wouldn't see, but she struggled to get around him. He eventually gave up and let her fall to her knees, staring blankly into the deep hole. After a few minutes of pure silence Ayden tore his gaze away from the hole, turning around. Many distraught faces stared back. Every single one of these people have just been traumatized. If they didn't know before, hopefully they understand how bad this era is becoming. The year of death and suffering, that's what I'm going to call it from now on.