
Jovian pressed himself deeper into the seat and gripped the sides tightly, his eyes never leaving that single hand on the wheel. I'm going to die, we're going to crash, and I'm going to almost lose her like I did with Jade. I'll have to go through all this again and Tony will run off on impulse just like Jade did and I'll lose her too. Then another girl will come along and it will be a never-ending cycle. He squeezed his eyes shut. Just put your hand back on the wheel.
"Hey, you okay there?"
Jovian shook his head. "The wheel...both hands...please."
"Oh!" Her hand left his shoulder. "I'm sorry, I didn't know..."
His eyes opened again and he relaxed when he saw both of her hands on the wheel. "Yeah. It's a bit of a phobia of mine. Ever since high school. I don't want to lose anyone else to a wreck." That wreck is the only reason She is gone. If she hadn't made that vow, she wouldn't have gone off to help everyone.
"I'm sorry, Jovian. But look! We're here!" The car slipped into an empty parking lot and she turned off the engine. There's no one here, though...If it's the best place in the state, why is no one here?
"Is it closed today?" Jovian asked.
"Nah. It's the day before Christmas; most people are at home eating the Eve's dinner with their families."
"It's Christmas Eve?" Where did the time go? When did this happen?
"Of course, silly. Now, I brought you here because I can't cook, and neither can you. Plus the place you were taking me to was closed, anyway." Tony adjusted the large purse on her shoulder, and began walking to the entrance. This place was in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by fields. Jovian could just barely see a town on the horizon. He shrugged and followed her. She wouldn't lie to me.
The sky was now a dark blue, and the building looked almost black. A sign wasn't visible. There were several steps leading up to the entrance, wide ones that reminded him of an important place, like the City Council building downtown. They bounded up them and soon stood before wooden double doors. Tony leaned in and squinted at a small sign on the door. "Hmm, guess I was wrong. They are closed." She frowned.
Jovian placed a hand on her back reassuringly. "I can cook a few things. We'll go over to my place and I'll make something up for us. It's the thought that counts, right?"
Tony smiled softly at him and placed a hand on his cheek. "Indeed it is. Go on, I'll catch up with you at the car." Jovian nodded and pulled away, beginning his trek down the stairs. There was a rustling behind him; Tony was rummaging around in her purse. Probably for her keys.
Her heels clicked behind him when he was halfway down the stairs, and he smiled. She was moving fast. She must be eager to be by my side. Soon the steps were right behind him. He contemplated turning around to look at her. He never got tired of looking at her. So he did.
Tony held a glass bottle in her hand, held like a bat, and as soon as he realized what she was doing, it was too late. There was the shattering of glass and then a white hot pain, and the darkness of the sky became the darkest it had ever been, and it swallowed him whole.