
"I don't have time for this, so I'm going to make it quick. You go first." She kept her eyes glued to Jade's, intimidating her as she spoke.
Jade repeated her short self-speech, leaving out the part about Ian this time. Once she finished, scary-chick leaned back further into her chair, arms still crossed. Then she spoke.
"My name is Lea, I'd prefer you not know my last name. I've been in the military since I finished high school. Just like everyone else here. I actually worked my way up to where I am, unlike you. I have more experience and more skills than you. That being said, leave the decisions up to me and the rest of the team. Think of me as the leader of this group. Understand?"
Jade nodded sheepishly, embarrassment swirling in her gut. The familiarity about her is nerve-wracking. I just can't pinpoint her face to a memory...
Lea stood up and walked away well before the man called for it, and Jade watched as she strutted to the other side of the room to lean against the wall in the shadows. What the hell did I do to make you hate me so much?
"Switch 'em up!"
The only other person Jade hadn't spoken to yet made his way over to her, slamming himself into the chair and making the floor beneath him shake slightly. Jade was thrown off guard and slid her chair back, going further than intended due to it being on wheels. The back of the chair caught a thick wire on the floor and began tipping backwards. The feeling of falling situated itself in Jade's stomach and she let out a tiny squeal as she fell back in the chair.
The broad man stood up quickly, his arm shooting forward and grabbing the chair before it could hit the ground. He placed it upright before standing up straight and placing his hands on his hips. "It seems that Miss Hero is a bit clumsy." He chuckled before sticking out his arm again. "My name is Brad. Brad Nise."
Jade looked at his hand skeptically before shaking it. "I-I'm Jade Maliks. You scared me. And I'm still trying to get used to the concept of being a 'hero.'"
"I'll start off. We've already wasted enough time trying to keep you from hitting the floor." He chuckled. "As I was saying, I've been in the military for three years, all of them worth it. I joined because I wasn't the smartest person around, and I had no chance of getting a good job or being able to do anything educationally useful, so I did something I thought was more important. Becoming a loyal military man. In fact, I've been so loyal to my country that I've been chosen to take part in this very important and risky mission. I'm a pro in hand to hand combat, as you can see." He flexed his muscles and then quickly got back to his speech. "In conclusion I am awesome. Your turn."
Again, Jade told him the same thing she had told the other two, still leaving out the part about Ian.
"Well, I guess you're a good choice for this mission then. Glad to have you here, Jade the hero."
Jade opened her mouth to protest the whole "hero" thing, but she didn't get a chance because the table-man dismissed them, sending them out and towards their newest undertaking.
*****
The team stood on the roof-top of headquarters, overlooking the glistening city. They all wore uniforms of deep greens and variations of brown, their hair not cut off for it could serve useful if need be to go undercover in the cities. Jade's was her natural shade of black and Lea's was dark brown; both had their hair pulled up in tight buns. Brad had shaved his head and placed a camo cap on his head, and Rick's beard blended in with the citizens of the enemies common hair color, red.