
"My buddy lives there with me, and when I'm not here he takes care of the rent and bills. It's not expensive either, so it works out for both of us," he said. "Plus, mission-doers get some benefits like being able to stay at our own places if we're in the area."
"What about you Brad? Do you have a place around here?"
"Nah. I stay at headquarters most of the time. When they give us permission to go home for a while I go back to my parents farm in Kansas. It's relaxing there," Brad said, putting his hands behind his head and sighing. "I'm gonna stay the night with Rick and then I'm off to Kansas tomorrow. Can't wait. Nothing will stop my plans from going through,"
"That reminds me, where are you gonna stay tonight Jade?' Rick asked.
Jade thought about that issue. "I don't know, actually. I live a few states over so I can't go home just yet . . ." she trailed off and began to think of Ian. What's he going through right now? Is he okay? I can;t just sit here and not know.
"You can stay at my place tonight. There's an extra bedroom we don't use. And then in the morning I'll drive you to headquarters," Rick offered.
"I wouldn't want to intrude. You have alot of people staying at your house already," Jade said.
"It's not a problem with me. I consider you all as family now. You're welcome to stay anytime you want," Rick said sincerely, smiling.
Jade sat there quiet for a second, then responded. "Thank you Rick. For everything."
"It's no problem. Look, I think the waitress is back with our food. She's coming...closer...closer...closer...Darn! Went to the table behind us."
The team occupying the table all laughed and continued talking about their lives. Jade felt like she was having fun for the first time in forever. After a while though, she thought of something.
"Hey, do any of you have a couple quarters?" she asked.
"Yeah, hold on." Brad shuffled through his pockets and dropped three quarters in her hand. "What for?"
"I need to call someone." Jade slipped out of the booth and dashed to the front door of the restaurant, running outside.
~*~*~*~
Ian lay on the couch flipping through channels with the remote, his free hand resting lifelessly on his lap. Out of nowhere the television flickered off. Hmm. Must've forgotten to pay the cable bill. Oh well. Nothing on TV is good anyways. It's only ever news. And that annoying old reporter chick. He sat up and walked into the kitchen, figuring that he might as well get something to eat, having not filled his stomach with nutrition all day. His feet shuffled across the floor towards the kitchen cabinets. Ian opened them and closed them absentmindedly. He was hungry, but not in the mood for food. Dang, I must've lost at least 20 pounds in the last month.
Still looking for something to eat, he popped opened the fridge. While he shifted through the little food that was in there, the phone rang. He paused for a minute, staring at the carrots. Looking down at the tiled floor, he closed the door and walked over to the phone. No one ever called anymore, not even his parents. Ian checked the number. Don't recognize it...probably a bill collector. Then he thought of the other possibility of who could be calling . . .
Ian's first reaction was to go hide somewhere. He began walking away when the ringing stopped. His mind had only been allowing the young man to think that the only person calling would be someone saying that Jade was hurt, or dead, or in the process of dying.