
After a long moment of hesitation, Ian punched the numbers into the keypad and raised the phone up to his ear. It rang only twice before someone picked up. "Hello, this is Pizza Paradise, how may we help you?"
"Motherf--" He slammed the phone back onto the dialer, then lifted it back up and dialed again, this time much more carefully.
Ring. Ring. Ring. Ring. "Hello?"
"Uh, hey, is this Evan?" Ian asked.
"Indeed it is. You sound pretty familiar. Who are you?"
"Ian."
"Ian, my man! It's been a while! How you been?" the voice crackled on the other end of the line.
"Uh..." Terrible. "I've been better."
"Uh oh. Doesn't sound too good. I, however, will change that. You know me, never let a bud suffer by himself. You still live at the same place, right?"
Ian nodded, then remembering that his old friend couldn't see him, said, "Yeah."
"Right. Be there in twenty." The line went dead and Ian placed it back in its place on the dialer. He looked over to the microwave where the time was displayed in bright green letters: Seven-ten. Ian slowly walked throughout the house until he got to the bedroom, where he plopped down on the bed and ran his fingers through his hair. A small laugh escaped him. I didn't even have to ask him to pick me up. That's Evan for you.
*****
"Where the hell are you takng me?"
"Shut your trap and let me drive. It's a surprise."
"I will jump out of this car."
"Fine, fine!" Evan released his grip on the steering wheel for just a moment, but it was enough to make Ian clutch the dashboard and glance down at his seat-belt to make sure it was really buckled. His friend glanced over at his pale face and put both hands on the wheel again. "Whoops, sorry, I forgot you were still afraid of reckless drivers, such as myself."
Ian nodded sheepishly and relaxed back in the passenger seat. "Tell me where you're taking me," he demanded.
"Well, I'm not just going to plain out say it right away. You know me. I love surprising people! Not being surprised, though. Oh, dude, there was this one time where I was getting it with this really hot chick. Or at least I thought it was a chick. Oh man, was I in for a surprise when that skirt flew up."
He couldn't help it, Ian chuckled at the idea. "Great job. Now, a hint?"
"Right." Evan glanced at Ian's direction, then back at the road, a smile stretching across his face. "We are going to get you in a good mood. Back to your old self. Today will only be temporary, of course. You'll be back to your young, high school self soon enough. I'm going to make sure of it, even if it takes me months." Ian stared at Evan for the longest time. This is why I befriended him. He's got a terrible sense of humor, runs with the wrong crowd at times, but he's one heck of a person. Evan broke the stare with another hint, saying, "There's an infamous building around the corner, and I'm taking you."
Ian sighed and leaned his head back against the headrest. "Infamous?"