
The nerves grew as I gave my name to the receptionist. The smell of antiseptic and disinfectants was overwhelming. Couldn't hospitals use some kind of air freshener?
"Straight through the corridor and turn right, go through the double doors in the waiting area and it's the second door to your left." Looking up at me, the receptionist smiled up at me warmly, sympathy in her eyes. Trying to hold myself together I smiled back, but it was forced. Smiling was the last thing I wanted to do.
"Thank you." I felt her eyes watching me as I walked along the corridor. She felt sorry for me, it had been clearly evident in her eyes which only made me weaker. I had know idea what to expect. I had been told that the doctor was waiting for me in her room and that he'd fill me in on her situation. I hope she's ok. It's been almost forty-eight hours since she's been in theatre and now she's been transferred to the ICU unit. Will she be awake?
Pushing through the double doors, I took a deep breath and stopped to rub some of the antiseptic lotion onto my hands. My heart beat picked up even more as I shakily knocked on the door before opening it and walking in. The first thing I noticed was the curtains drawn around the bed. Why are the curtains drawn? Confusion and fear filled my mind as the doctor stepped out from behind the curtain.
"How is she? Can I see her? Why are the curtains drawn?"
"You must be Miss Xavier?" I nodded my head, and watched him wash his hands. Slowly, as though trying to buy some time. Finally he came around to face me, introducing himself as Doctor Burns.
"There are a few things you need to know before I can allow you to see her. Would you like to take a seat with me in the waiting room and I can explain?" His face was solemn and I knew that something was wrong. Seriously wrong. Feeling the panic rise within me, I followed him out to the waiting room, which was empty thankfully. Whatever the issue was, I'm glad that no one else was there to over hear. Taking a seat next to the doctor, I clasped my shaking hands in an effort to try and calm myself. Clearing his throat, I looked to the doctor as he began to talk.
"As you know Miss Xavier, Ms Xavier has underwent almost a full forty -eight hours under surgery. When you brought her in, we had no idea of the severity of her injuries." My eyes widened as my greatest fear over the past hours began to take life. Unable to speak, I just nodded, indicating to the doctor to continue.
"Ms Xavier has numerous fractures in her her right arm as well as a broken left foot." I closed my eyes, unable to stop myself from remembering the way he'd beat her arm with the metal rod he'd gotten from God knows where. Each of her cries had him hitting her with more force.
"Also, two broken ribs on her left side have caused her spleen to rupture. It was too far gone, so our only option was to remove it completely." Tears began to fill my eyes, as her screams filled my head from being kicked repeatedly in the ribs as she lay there helpless, unable to stop him. Was that the worst of it? She could survive without a spleen I'm sure. Feeling slightly hopeful I looked up at the doctor once more, hoping that she maybe hadn't hurt head too much.
"You must be aware that she lost a lot of blood before being brought into hospital, and lost a great deal more during surgery, although we did try to keep it to minimum, she required more blood to be given to her. Unfortunately the injuries to her head were much more severe than expected." Oh God no. Please no, this can't be. I silently prayed in my head, the familiar feeling of suffocation beginning surround me. Breathing rapidly, I stared at the doctor. Taking in my panic, he placed a hand over mine in an attempt to calm me before continuing after taking a deep breath.
"The injuries to Ms Xavier's head have caused her skull to fracture. In normal situations, this kind of injury can be healed, however in your mother's case, the fractured bone has pierced her brain in three locations. We were able to remove these pieces, however there is a large amount of swelling around her brain. It is with great regret I must tell you that due to the huge blood loss and brain damage she has fallen into a coma." As I took everthing in the tears began to fall silently. I felt dizzy. This can't be happeneing, It can't be real.