
Hey guys.
So today - or yesterday, seeing as it's the morning now - I went through this excruciating struggle. Not like "Someone reset their speed run three times and died at an easy boss" struggle (although that did happen). I'm talking about that kind of struggle where someone screams at you until you're numb.
I think you all deserve a bit of background for this book.
On July 20th, 2012, I lost my best friend to suicide. Having to video call his other best friend with his body hanging limply in the background was the single hardest thing I've ever had to face.
Six months after, on January 20th, 2013 - ten days after the boy's birthday - I gave up something that I'm proud to say I've given up for this long. Yes, this book may come across as triggering, so I may have to place that somewhere in the description, but I used to be addicted to self harm, and thankfully, I've stopped.
On July 20th, the eighteen month anniversary of my cleanliness arrived, along with the two year death anniversary of my friend. This was a mixed day for me, but I got through it and I'm here now.
Yesterday evening, however, my stepdad began to argue with me. I asked him not to come into my room without my permission. Simple, right? How wrong was I? An hour and a half later, I had my friends calling me, telling me not to do anything stupid, anything that I'd regret. Thankfully, I kept my cool by watching video game speed runs and listening to my favourite music.
My supportive followers on twitter send me requests, and one said to write down all of the good things going on in my life, therefore, when I feel that low again (bear in mind, that's the lowest I've felt for eighteen months) I will be able to look back on how much I'd miss the world, and how much people would miss me.
As someone who refuses to keep a personal diary because I fill two pages and then scribble all over the remaining ninety eight pages, I decided to put all of my thoughts and feelings onto wattpad for everyone to see. Every time I get the chance, I'm gonna write things in here for the world to see.
So, what happened after the Final Fantasy VII live stream?
Geoff, a twitch Super Monkey Ball player, noticed me and responded to me - I'm so grateful! Also, the conversation on HeadOnJackwards' games Salem really made me smile, so thank you to the people on there who spoke to me. EverydayAwkwardness also became my 500th follower, so if you ever read this, thank you for that, it made me smile.
I'm off to watch the rest of the SMB speed run, despite having a paper round to do in the morning. Goodbye for now guys.