
Patrick came back a few minutes later and stood in the corner next to the stereo system. I nodded my head at him to let him know I was ready to start and he pressed play. I started my dance and I couldn't wait to see what he thought of it. I saw him laugh at my favourite part and I continued on with the rest of my dance. I added more complex moves in it and I hoped it impressed him. When I finished, he looked stunned.
"You never cease to amaze me" he chuckled. I giggled in reply and he asked me if I wanted to show anyone my dance. I nodded my head and went to go find Robert. He was in the stunt room unwrapping bandages from his hands when I found him. I was standing quietly behind him when he noticed me.
"Hey kidd-ohh!" I grabbed his arm and dragged him into the studio. It was funny to see him so confused. He stood next to a chuckling Patrick and gave him a weird look. Patrick just shrugged his shoulders and held up his phone to videotape me. He pressed play and I started to show Robert my dance. When it was my favourite part, he grinned madly and I couldn't help but giggle a little. I finished my dance and got a round of applause from the both of them. I laughed and walked over to them.
"Like father like daughter" Robert said to me. I chuckled and grabbed my water bottle. I chugged my water as Robert talked to me.
"It's a good thing you dragged me in here because we're both needed in the stunt room. We have to start choreography some fight scenes" I nodded and followed him to the stunt room. Joe greeted us and we got to work. We were introduced to the stuntmen we would be fighting and Joe started to show us what we would be doing. Robert and I would team up to fight them all. It started off with me shooting rays from my suit, easy right? The stuntmen were gaining on me and Robert would land in front of me and blast them all. More would come and that's when the actual fighting would start. I learned how to fake punches and kicks so they looked real on camera, but didn't actually hurt anyone. I got to "kick" one guy square in the face and I successfully drop kicked another. My favourite one of all though, was getting to knee a guy in the crotch. I didn't actually hurt him, thankfully, but it was still fun to do.
We finished the fight scene and ran through it a few times to make sure we had it. When we were finished, it was lunch time. I was exhausted and decided to head out for lunch. I grabbed my things and walked out the door with Robert. Apparently he had the same idea.
"Good work today kiddo"
"Thanks dad"
"Are you okay, from last night?"
"Yeah, I'm fine. Thanks for being there, you didn't have to"
"It was not a problem kid. If anything happens just come to me okay?"
"Okay"
"Good"
"What are you getting?"
"I was thinking of a nice fajita or something like that. You?"
"Just a salad"
I walked into the passenger seat of the car and buckled in. Andy was already waiting for me in the car.
"Where to?"
"McDonalds"
He drove me to McDonalds and parked the car. I walked inside while he kept the car running and I waited in line. When it was my turn to order, I made a mental note of the workers name.
"Hi, what can I get for ya?"
"Can I have a Big Mac meal with extra sauce and Root Bear to drink"
"For here or to go?"