
"What are you doing?" He asked me.
"Taking a break"
"It's been two hours?!"
"What makes you so special?" He asked sarcastically.
"School"
"Oh. Have fun"
"Oh I will"
With that, I made my way over to the lounge to meet with my tutor. He was already sitting there waiting for me when I walked over. I sat down in the chair across from him and we began school.
"Hello Alexis. I'm Mr. Wood and I will be your tutor for the next few months" he introduced himself.
"Hello Mr. Wood" I shook his hand.
"Shall we begin?"
"Sure"
He started off with giving me work so he could see where I was at with school and what level I was at. First he gave me a math worksheet for me to fill out. All the questions were review for me and mostly focused on fractions and area. I quickly finished the worksheet and he gave me a small english assignment. While I worked on the assignment, he marked my math. The assignment was to write at least a paragraph describing myself. I decided to leave out my past and focus on things I like to do. I gave him small details like my favourite colour and T.V shows. I wanted to impress him so I wrote a paragraph explaining how much I was looking forward to to filming. I handed in my assignment and he handed me my final assignment, geography. It was a map of the U.S and I had to label every state. I was going to tell him I didn't know any of them, but he was too busy marking my english. I didn't want to sit there and do nothing the whole time, so I filled in what I could. I knew where Florida and New York were, but that was it. Sad isn't it?
I handed him the map with two answers filled in and waited for him to mark it. It literally took him two seconds to mark it and he did not look happy with my work.
"Well, your math was excellent. You got a perfect score. Your english had multiple spelling errors, but was well written otherwise. I was disappointed with your geography and I think you know why. Care to explain your lack of answers?"
"I'm Canadian" I simply stated.
"Oh...um...well...I'm sorry I was not aware of that"
"I figured. So what were my spelling errors?"
"Let me have a look"
He pulled out my assignment from the bottom of the pile and looked it over. His face fell and I knew what words he marked wrong.
"Let me look these over and I will remark them. You can go back to training while I do this. Come back in an hour"
"Ok. See you in an hour"
I returned back to the studio and closed the door behind me.
"So how was it?" Patrick asked me.
I burst out laughing and fell on the floor. I was literally rofl. Patrick was giving me a confused look and I calmed down enough to tell him.
"He...he didn't know that I was...Canadian so he gave me a map...to fill out and...marked my spelling wrong when for me...it's right and you should have seen his face when...he realized his mistake! It was the funniest shit ever!"