
"Yeah who so whoever be he worthy shall have the pow- whatever man it's a trick!" Clint called out.
"Oh it is much more than that my friend," Thor answered. Tony then stood up and unbuttoned his suit. He walked over to where the hammer was resting on the table and went to lift it up.
"If I lift it, do I get to rule Asgard?"
"Yes, of course."
"I will be fair but firmly cruel." Tony put the strap around his wrist and began to pull. Nothing happened at first but then the table lifted off of the ground. He broke the freaking table.
"Yeah, I did it!" He shouted before breaking into fits of laughter. I couldn't believe that he actually broke the table trying to lift the hammer. A few crew members came over and looked at the damage. They decided that they had to drill the table into the ground if they wanted it to stay. If Robert just lifted the table, I couldn't imagine what would happen when Evans did it. As they worked on the table situation, Pete brought my work for me to do while I was waiting. The bar stool wasn't comfortable enough so I sat down on the floor. After a few awkward positions, I found that doing the middle splits and bending forward was actually the comfiest. I began my math work and received a couple of stares. Okay I do admit that my position looked awkward, but it was perfectly fine for me. After a while of working, the crew announced the table was ready and we were good to start. Pete took my work away and we got into our positions.
"And... Action!"
"Yeah who so whoever be he worthy shall have the pow- whatever man it's a trick!"
"Oh it is much more than that my friend."
"If I lift it, do I get to rule Asgard?"
"Yes, of course."
"I will be fair but firmly cruel." Nothing happened when he pulled on it and he let go.
"Be right back." He came back with a spotted glove on his hand, later to be the hand of the suit. After attempting a few more times, Rhodey came over with the same glove. They both pulled but with no success.
"Are you even pulling?" Rhodey questioned.
"Are you on my team?"
"Just represent, pull."
"Alright, let's go." They tried again even harder, but it wouldn't even budge. They gave up and Steve got up to try. He gripped the handle and started to pull.
"C'mon Cap," Tony encouraged. Steve furiously pulled and the hammer budged. Thor's face fell, but Steve still wasn't able to lift it.
"Haha, nothing," Thor laughed. Bruce then gestured for Natasha to give it a shot.
"Oh no no, that's not a question I need answered." She took a swig of her beer and leaned further into the couch. Everyone had tried and given up.
"The handle's imprinted. Who so ever is carrying Thor's fingerprints is I think the literal translation," Tony complained.
"Yes, well that's a very interesting theory. I have a simpler one," Thor pretended to take hold of his hammer, "you're all not worthy."
"And...Cut!"
We were given notes and did the scene the same way a couple more times. After getting it perfect, we took a small break so the crew could switch out the table and hammer with one Hemsworth could lift. Pete brought my work once again and I sat on the floor. As I was working, I noticed someone take my glass. I didn't think much of it, since it was empty already. It was returned a minute later, filled and I carried on with my work.