
3 hours and multiple stitches later, I was free to go. Brendon stayed with me at the hospital in the waiting room while waiting for the doctor. Why does it always take doctors so long to help people who are in emergency? Like seriously, they're in emergency for a reason!
Once the doctor took us in, he put all the stitches in my leg. Very painfully, I will say. Brendon offered me his hand to hold and I was close to breaking it. The doctor finished up my stitches, gave me crutches and I was good to go. Andy was there to drive us back to the hotel when we walked/awkwardly crutched out.
We arrived at the hotel and immediately went up to my room. I didn't care about my clothes and headed for my bed right away. Brendon tucked me in and set up my crutches next to the bed. I soon fell asleep with the dull throb that ran through my leg.
*
I woke up the next morning at 11 and continued to lay in bed. My leg was sore and I didn't want to move it. I feared that if I did, the pain would become worse. On the table next to me was my phone and a note.
Alexis,
When you read this, call me right away.
Brendon
I did as he said and called him.
"Hello?"
"Brendon, it's me. Alexis."
"Oh thank God! I was starting to get worried about you. How you feeling?"
"My leg is sore and all but other than that I'm fine."
"Good to hear. I'm gonna drop by and see you if that's alright."
"Yeah, that's fine. See ya in a bit."
"See ya." He arrived a few minutes later and sat next to me. We talked for a bit and he was good company.
"Right, before I forget, here is your medicine. Take one now and then whenever it says to." He took out a pill from the bottle and gave me a glass of water with it. I sat there with the pill in my hand, just staring at it.
"What's wrong?"
"I uh, um. Kinda can't, uh, swallow it."
"Of course you can't," He mumbled under his breath. He ran a hand through his hair and sighed, obviously thinking.
"Well, just try."
For the next hour, I attempted to swallow the damn pill. Eventually I did and I was very proud of myself.
"I did it!"
"And that only took, an hour."
"I still did it," I grumbled. We continued to sit in my room and talk about random things. Soon it was lunch time and we were debating on what to eat. I wasn't feeling room service and I didn't want to crutch to a restaurant. In the end, we decided to go to the set. I was getting bored of my room, but mainly because the catering room has really good food.
Andy drove us to set and we headed straight to the catering room. Everyone was already sitting and eating when we got there. I sat down in my usual seat next to Robert and looked up at him.
"Hi," I spoke. He jumped a little, causing me to giggle.
"Aren't you injured or something?"
"Yeah, but I'm bored and hungry. So, here I am." Brendon was nice enough to grab a plate of food for me and he set it down in front of me.
"Thanks." He nodded in response and went to talk with his friends. When I was done eating, I asked the question that had been bugging me for a while.