
One month had gone by and I had to leave the next day to start my training. I was really excited but nervous at the same time. I couldn't wait to see everyone again, especially Robert. I hadn't talked to him since I left the month before.
"You ready to go Alexis?" My mom asked me.
"Yup, just give me a second"
I finished packing my bags and dragged them to the car. My mom and I said goodbye to my dad and brother and we drove to the airport. We went through security and all that boring stuff. Then, we boarded the plane and flew back to New York. When we landed, a driver was there to bring us to the hotel where all the cast was staying. Our room was next to Robert's and Clark's. We spent the whole day packing and getting over jet lag.
The next day, I had to wale up at 6:30. I took a quick shower and dressed in a baggy t-shirt and black capris. I managed to put my hair into a decent ponytail and put on my running shoes. I grabbed a water bottle and headed out the door. A driver was assigned to drive me to the training centre and to meetings and stuff like that. I got in the car and met my driver. His name was Andy and he was really nice. We talked the entire drive and when we arrived, I had tears in my eyes from laughing so much.
I walked into the building to see it was a full sized gym with every possible piece of equipment. It would be heaven to people who love working out, but to me it just looked like a lot of stuff I didn't want to do. There was the room with all the equipment, a studio, a room that looked to be a stunt room, and a lounge. Naturally, I started to head over to the lounge but was called over in the other direction. A man in his late 20's was calling me over. He was dressed in a running shirt and shorts.
"Hello Alexis. I'm Patrick and I will be your trainer for the next 3 months" he shook my hand.
"Hello Patrick, it's nice to meet you"
He brought me into the studio and we talked about what I was going to be doing. For the first while, I was focusing on flexibility and cardio. I was also going to be dancing in the studio, which I was really excited for. The studio was so much better than the one I went to back home.
"Because we are focusing on workouts in the studio, we won't be doing any weight traini-"
"YES" I practically screamed. A little too loudly may I add.
"What you don't like weights?"
"Nope. I have strong legs but weak arms"
No words could describe how much I hated weights. I hated them with a passion. I could barely lift anything with my weak arms.
As Patrick was talking with me about our training, the rest of the cast arrived and started their sessions with their trainers. Pretty much all the guys were doing weights. The rest were in the stunt room. I was all by myself in the studio. We got started with our session with a simple warmup and stretches. He turned on the music and One Direction's 'What Makes You Beautiful' came on. I instantly glared daggers at him. He noticed my look and paused the song.
"Not a normal teenage girl?"
"Not one bit"
He let me turn the music I like on and I put on my favourites playlist. Fall Out Boy's 'Dance Dance' came on and my glare disappeared. We started our first session and I was having a lot of fun with Patrick. He was really nice and never yelled at me when I was doing something wrong. We ended up joking around the entire time while working on techniques. After two hours of our foolishness, I had to take a break so I could start school. Haha yay.
I started to make my way over to the lounge that just had to be on the other side of the building. I had to walk by every other room with everyone working in them. I walked past the stunt room to see Scarlett tackling a stuntman to the ground. He landed on the mat with a loud 'thud' and nobody seemed phased by it. Definitely not messing with her. Next I walked by the weight room. Chris and Chris were both lifting weights that I didn't know was even liftable. How the hell were they lifting that like it was nothing? Robert stopped his training when he saw me walk by.