
"Oh, well you could have started with that!"
"You never asked"
"Okay, so you're not American. You don't have a British accent or an Australian accent, so neither of those. Are you Canadian?" He didn't sound too sure with his guess.
"Yup. I'm from Canada"
"Wait, what?" He still didn't get it.
"I'm. From. Canada" I teased him.
"Wow, I was way off. Where in Canada do you live?"
"I live in Toronto, Ontario with my adoptive parents" I blurted out. Shoot. I wasn't going to tell anyone that yet. Chris E gave me a puzzled look.
"Where are your birth parents, if you don't mind me asking?" I stared down at my hands. Better tell them the truth, I thought.
"They're in jail for child abuse" I looked back up to see all three manly guys almost in tears. Tom quietly stood up and walked around the table. He knelt down next to me and pulled me into a hug.
"I'm so sorry. No one should have to be put through that, especially a child" he whispered to me.
"It's okay. I have great parents now and that's all that matters" I whispered back. I let a single tear fall down my cheek and Tom wiped it away. He gave me a small smile before standing up and returning to his seat. Chris and Chris were still staring at me with sad faces.I gave them a small smile and waited for someone to change the topic. Luckily, Robert came and sat on the other side of me and began to talk with everyone. Tom and both the Chris' went back to their original conversation and Robert turned to me.
"You okay? You seem sad"
"Yeah, I'm fine"
"You sure?"
"I'm fine! Seriously, nothing to worry about"
"Good. Now gimme your phone"
"W-why?"
"Just gimme" I hesitantly handed him my phone and he added something. He handed me back my phone and I saw what he did. He added his number to my phone.
"Now you can just text me when you need a ride" he told me.
"Okay, great. Thanks!"
"No problem"
I opened up a new conversation and texted Robert.
I need a ride home
I hit send and watched as Robert's phone lit up. He unlocked his phone and I watched him as he read my text. He looked up at me and glared.
"I know that"
"Just making sure"
The rest of the cast decided to sit down with us at the table. They were still having their own conversations with the people they were sitting with. I continued to talk with Robert while everyone started settling down. After a few minutes, Joss Whedon walked in and sat down at the end of the table. I didn't think he'd be showing up, but hey, he's the director. He started giving us a speech saying stuff like welcome and what we were going to do within the next couple of months. We would all start training next month and we would start filming at the end of June.
"Like all of our previous films, we need to keep everything secretive. So don't let anything slip about anything that will happen. We want this project to be even more secretive than before. We don't want anyone knowing anything. With that, we aren't letting anyone know about Summer Stark either. We are hoping to have a big announcement about Summer shortly before the premiere, but before that, no one speaks a word about Summer. Got it?"