
"Hey!"
"Hiya" Robert smirked.
"Can I help you?"
"No. Just came to say hi"
"Hi?"
"That's better. Now, what are you doing over here?"
"I don't know know, just chillin' I guess"
"Just chillin'? Okay, well we're up next so you might want to get ready"
"Okay"
I put my phone and earbuds away and followed Robert to where they were finishing up with Samuel's shots. I waited next to Robert until they called us up. When they did, a white box was placed in front of the white background. Robert, Gwyneth and I were placed in our spots and were told what to do. I was sitting on the box with my elbows resting on my knees. Robert and Gwyneth were standing behind me acting all lovey dovey and stuff. They were laughing about something and smiling while I looked like a bored and annoyed teenager. The camera clicked a couple of times before the cameraman changed the position of the camera and took more pictures. This repeated a few times before he was satisfied. We then got put into a different position. The box was taken away and we posed as a family. I stood in front of Robert and Gwyneth and they each had a hand on my shoulder. We all smiled and looked happy for these pictures. The cameraman did the same procedure as before until he was pleased.
The next shot was just Robert and I. Our first pose was of me standing in front of him. We both had our arms crossed and had a look of determination on our faces. The cameraman took a few pictures from afar and then took some closeup shots. I didn't like having the the camera right up in my face. Like Bianca always says, I didn't invite you to my BBQ so why are you all up in my grill? I didn't realize how used to it I would have to get. Our second pose was similar to the first. We were standing with our arms the same way and the same look on our faces, but we were standing back to back. The pictures were taken the same as well, first from afar and then up close. When he was satisfied with that, we moved onto our last pose. Robert stood in the middle and I jumped on his back. I wrapped my arms around his neck and rested my chin on his shoulder. We both got to smile in this picture and the cameraman focused more on closeups. Robert moved his head slightly and I started to giggle.
"What are you laughing about?" He asked through his smile.
"Your beard is scratchy!" He started laughing and soon we were in a fit of giggles. The cameraman quickly finished his shots and we moved onto my last set of shots for the day. I would do some of my solo shots that day and the rest would be taken the next day. I started off with standing in the middle with my arms crossed. My weight was shifted to my right and I had that annoyed look on my face. He took a few closeups of me in that pose and asked me to do something that an annoyed teenager would do. I did the only thing I could think of and stuck up my middle finger. "Perfect" he mumbled and I smirked. That earned a few chuckles from the remaining cast. We finished that shot and moved onto my last shot. It was just a nice, simple pose and I got to smile nice and pretty. I had one hand on my hip and my head was slightly tilted. He took a few closeup shots and asked me to laugh like I did before with Robert. I didn't exactly have anything to laugh about that time and I couldn't start full out laughing all of a sudden. I looked over at Robert and Gwyneth for an help.
"How's that boyfriend?!" Gwyneth called out. That was all it took for me to burst out laughing and doubling over. I heard Robert ask Gwyneth, "Why's that so funny?" and she just chuckled in response. I ended up snorting which made me laugh even more.