
We finished up the scene and the taste still lingered in my mouth. Stupid vodka. I already formed my plan of revenge and he was going to hate me when it was over. Oh well.
It was lunch time when we finished so I grabbed my food and started my work in my trailer. I told Brendon my plan, as I needed his help with it. He agreed to help and everything was set. Pete and I continued to work on different subjects during lunch and then I was needed to shoot more scenes.
*
During filming the next day, I could tell Robert was on edge. He was waiting for my revenge, but it never came. I just sat back and watched as he kept a close eye on me and everything around him. You would think he had set something up. But my plan was to make him wait for the next day, and that's what I did.
The second day after his prank was when I took my revenge. Everything was set up and I just had to wait to execute it. We were filming a scene with us and Gwyneth. I was hiding behind a wall while them two were arguing, as usual. Robert would have a drink in his hand and that's where my plan came in.
We got into our positions and started the scene. They started their argument and I watched as everything played out. Tony took a sip of his drink and nothing happened. The glass was still full of flap pop, as I wanted to wait a few takes for everything to happen.
After a few takes, we took a small break. I sat on the couch and watched as a crew member poured the mixture Brendon give her into Robert's glass. Perfect. She set it up in its spot and we started the scene again.
I watched as they argued and Tony held the glass in his hand. He took a sip of his drink and cringed.
"Apple juice, really. That's your plot of revenge?" He raised his eyebrows at me.
"You got me," I put my arms up, defeated. He just rolled his eyes and mumbled something I couldn't make out. We did the scene once more and Robert looked uncomfortable throughout the entire thing. When the scene finished, he quickly set down his prop.
"Be right back," He mumbled as he made a beeline to the bathroom. I smirked at his action and waited for him to come back. Eventually he did and we finished our takes. We finished after a couple more shots, and bloopers, and we wrapped the scene. Robert took another trip to the bathroom and came back confused, but never mentioned anything.
It was just before lunch time when we finished and I met Pete in my trailer. During lunch, I would have to present my History presentation for the cast. I checked over my presentation a few more times to make sure it was perfect and we brought everything into the catering room. We set it up and I grabbed a plate of food. I ate as they came in and got their own lunches. They weren't told about what I was doing, so I think they were pretty confused to see me in there. Once they were all there and eating, I cleared my throat to get their attention. Their heads looked up at me and I began.
"Um, for school I have to do a presentation and answer questions so, would you mind if I did it for you guys?" I asked shyly.
"Depends. If it's Math I'm out," Evans joked.
"No, it's History," I giggled.
"Okay, we're good," He put his hands up and laughed. The rest of the cast agreed and I started my presentation.
"So my presentation is on the Confederation of Canada..."
I began my presentation and I was doing really well. I knew everything I was talking about, for once, and I didn't stumble over my words. As I was talking, Robert continued to look uncomfortable and at one point left to go to the bathroom.
"Any questions?" I asked. Some of them asked questions about why a Province wanted to join and why some of them didn't. I thankfully knew how to answer them and explained to them why or why not. Soon my presentation was finished and I packed everything up. Robert still never returned from his trip and I was holding in laughter.