
"And who is this?"
"Summe-" Tony started.
"I'm nothing special. Just someone who needs to put you in your place. Obviously you're here for a reason, so spit it out or leave." He clicked his tongue and tilted his head.
"Who are you to tell me what I can and can not do? You are right, I am here for a reason. Now what that reason is you ask, only time will tell."
"Enough with the riddles and Shakespeare talk! Just spit it out! Or are you too afraid? Too afraid that the Avengers will ruin your oh so genius plan again? Just like the last time, you won't win." He got right up in my face and towered over me. His evil smirk was terrifying, but he looked to be holding back.
"How do you know? I don't remember you being there last time, so you obviously don't know what happened."
"I know you lost."
"That's not the point!"
"Uh, kinda is buddy."
"Your precious Avengers can not defeat me this time. They won't know what's coming!" He spat. "Now run along and hide, while you still can."
"And...Cut!"
Tom immediately dropped his character and apologized for scaring me.
"It's fine!" I laughed. He reluctantly agreed and we received our notes. Tom needed to be more menacing and I needed to be more scared. It seemed like he was holding back from doing anything too terrifying to me. We started the scene again and ran through it a couple more times. By lunch time, it still wasn't fitting right. It was decided that we would go to lunch and then finish it up afterwards.
We made our way to the catering room and ate our food. I sat next to Tom and he continued to apologize. He didn't want to scare me too badly and I understood where he was coming from, but sympathy wasn't going to work in that situation. In order for it to work, it would have to be real.
"Tom?"
"Yes?"
"Gimme all you got."
"I'm sorry?"
"Do whatever you want. I don't care. Be as scary as you can. The more real, the better."
"Are you sure?"
"Positive."
"Alright, but I will apologize in advance." We finished our food and made our way back to set. We got back into our positions and started the scene over again.
"And...Action!"
We ran through the scene again and it was going well. They were getting on each others nerves more and becoming annoyed. When Loki appeared, he was definitely more scary. His smirk was bigger and more evil. Even the way he stood looked more frightening.
"Uh, kinda is buddy." He got right up in my face and was only inches away. He grabbed my chin with his hand and brought me closer.
"Your precious Avengers can't defeat me this time. They won't know what's coming!" He spat. He shoved me backwards, but I lost my balance and fell to the floor. When I landed, I felt a sharp pain shoot through my right calf. I ignored it and kept my terrified look on him. As he spoke his last line, he inched towards me. I scrambled back, only to have the pain intensify. It felt as if it was moving down my calf. Tears formed in my eyes, both from the pain and the fear of him in front of me. They fell down my face as I reached Robert.
"And...Cut!"
I didn't dare to get up, in fear of the pain spreading. My leg felt like it was on fire. Becoming worse every second. Tears continued to fall down my face and drop on the floor. Tom rushed over to me and kneeled down.