
That was all I was needed for that day and I was excused from training, so I went back to my hotel room. Once I was in my room, I immediately took off my clothes and changed into my cozy pjs. I jumped on my bed and decided to take a nap after all my hard work that day. I know I barely did anything, I just took every excuse I could to take a nap. And that's what I did.
I woke up to pounding on my door. The clock read 12:07, wow lunch time already. I slowly got up and walked to the door. I opened it with squinting eyes and Robert stood before me. He took in my appearance and raised his eyebrows at me. I just shrugged my shoulders in response.
"Wanna grab lunch?"
"Uh, sure." I invited him in my room while I quickly changed in the bathroom. I sadly took off my pyjama bottoms and put on a pair of black leggings. I left my Doctor Who shirt on and walked back out. I followed Robert out of my room and to his car. We got in his car and he started to drive to wherever we were eating.
"Can I turn on the radio?" I asked after a few minutes of silence.
"I don't care." I turned on the radio and flipped through channels trying to find a good song. I was skipping through them when I heard a familiar tune. I had to backtrack to the channel and a smile grew on my face. I started to hum to the song, but eventually began to sing it.
Hey young bloodDoesn't it feel like our time is running out?I'm gonna change you like a remixThen I'll raise you like a phoenix
Eventually I started belting and Robert looked 100% done. When we arrived at the restaurant, I had sung multiple of my favourite songs. Robert could not have been happier to turn the car off. We walked in and were seated in a booth. Robert was wearing a hat and sunglasses in hopes he wouldn't be noticed. We looked through the menu for a few minutes before we ordered. The waiter took our menus away and brought us our drinks. We both stuck with water and started to talk about training. Our conversation ran off topic multiple times and we eventually talked about my life at home.
"It's nothing special. Just my family and I living a normal life."
"I'm surprised at how open you are with your life. You know, with everything that's happened."
"I honestly am too. But it happened and I have to live with that for the rest of my life. It doesn't change who I am today and it's in the past."
"As it should be. Not many people are like that though. Now, are you going to tell people this when they find out about you?"
"Not right away. I may eventually, but I don't want people judging me too quickly."
After a bit more talking, our food arrived and my mouth was watering. It looked so good! We both ordered burgers and they were humongous. It was almost the size of my head. I grabbed the burger and was about to take a bite when Robert stopped me.
"You going to eat all that?!" I looked at the burger and then back at him. "Probably" and I took a bits out of it. It tasted better than I thought it would. Robert dug in as well and we ate our meals in silence. 20 minutes later, I looked up from my plate to see Robert had finished eating. He looked up to see me finishing my last bite and his eyebrows went up in shock.
"H-how?! Where does it all go?!"
"I don't know, you tell me."
We paid for our meals and drove back to the hotel. As he headed back to training, I changed back into my pjs and went back to bed.
Yoo-hoo! Big summer blowout!!! That's literally been stuck in my head for awhile now.