
"Rainbow Road?" I asked.
"Oh hell no!"
"Come on! Please?" I gave him my puppy dog eyes and he gave in. Time for me to whoop his ass, again. The race was about to start when he paused it.
"When I win, you become my bitch for tomorrow."
"Fine. When I whoop your ass again, you become my bitch for tomorrow."
"Deal." He unpaused the game and suddenly there was much more pressure in the room. The game was super intense, throwing shells and bombs everywhere. When the game finished, guess who won? Yup, that's right, I crossed the finish line first and Jeremy became my bitch for the next day. I couldn't wait for the fun to begin.
*
It was around 3:30 when I felt my eyes growing heavy. I was back to lying on the couch and I kept drifting off. Eventually I couldn't keep my eyes open any longer and I drifted away.
Robert's Pov:
I was in the middle of watching the Chris' having a karaoke battle when I noticed Alexis passed out on the couch. It didn't look like she was waking up anytime soon, so I thought I'd be nice. I carefully picked her up and carried her upstairs into one of the guest rooms. I laid her in the bed and tucked her into the covers. She looked so peaceful, and even had a small smile on her lips. I kissed her forehead and was on my way out the door when she spoke.
"Free elevator rides, bitches."
"Oh you little..." She just smirked and rolled over. I just let her be and continued on my way out the door.
Alexis' Pov:
I woke up the next morning in a large, comfy bed. I knew it wasn't my bed and looked around the room. From the Iron Man figurines on the dresser, I could tell that I was still at Robert's house. The clock next to me told me that it was after 9:00. It seemed like a descent time to get up so I took the covers off. I stood up and and rubbed the sleep out of my eyes. My appearance was good enough so I stepped out into the hallway. Realizing I had no idea where I was, I listened for voices and followed them. The voices grew louder and louder until I reached the kitchen. Everyone was crowded around the table with ice packs against their heads and Advil being passed around.
"MORNING!" I made my presence known and sat in an empty chair.
"Can you quiet down?" Evans whispered to me.
"WHAT?" He glared at me and I got the hint. Robert was cooking breakfast and I needed a drink.
"Yo, Jeremy. Can you get me some juice?"
"Get it yourself." He grumbled.
"Let me rephrase this, bitch, get me some juice."
"Let me rephrase this, bitch, get it your fucking self."
"I'm sorry, does Rainbow Road ring a bell?" His face dropped and he poured me a glass of orange juice.
"Thanks bitch."
"Your welcome." He answered through gritted teeth. I happily sipped my orange juice but soon got bored with their adult talk. I walked over to the couch in front of the TV and turned on Spongebob. Much better. When breakfast was ready, I ate in front of the TV and watched random shows. Soon the adults all sobered up and hung out in the living room. The day was spent just hanging out and being too lazy to do anything. Except for Jeremy, he had to do stuff for me. Later on in the evening, Robert drove me back to the hotel. I thanked him for everything and walked to my room. The rest of the night was spent talking to Bianca and eating. I couldn't believe that training was over already. In a few days, I would get to start shooting a movie. My dreams were finally coming true.