
Joss came over and gave us a quick overview of what scene we were doing. He positioned us and gave us a few quick tips before we started. Tony was on the couch working on something when the elevator dinged. Each of the Avengers, apart from Thor, would come in and disrupt him. He would yell at them to leave and try to shove them out the door when I walked in. I didn't have much to do so it wouldn't be too difficult.
"And...Action!"
I heard Tony grumble as he moved papers around on his lap. The elevator dinged and opened, letting in Natasha.
"Stark!" She yelled.
"Romanoff."
"You're not answering your calls."
"And you're not taking the hint."
"Stark, this is serious." Steve called as he walked in.
"Captain's right." Clint stated, following behind Steve.
"I'm sure Brucey can fix whatever problem you're having. Now get out!"
"This isn't something we can easily fix with just one person."
"Whatever this is about, there's more than enough of your agents at your command."
"They're right Tony. We need you for this." Bruce walked in and spoke.
"I'm sure this can be solved without me. Now what part of get out don't you understand?!" Shouts of protest were heard as Tony physically pushed them all out the door. That was my cue to walk through one of the doorways and down the hallway.
"Hey dad, who was at th-" I stopped dead in my tracks when everyone came into view. They all became quiet and stared at me in pure shock. I stared back at them before I slowly turned on my heel and walked back to where I came from.
"Explain." Steve demanded.
"And...Cut!" Joss called out. Everyone dropped their poses and gathered together. We were given notes from Joss and got back into position. We did the same scene a couple more times before we had to take a break so the crew could change the camera angle. I was bored of just standing around so I wandered around the sets. I came across my finished bedroom and was pleased with how it looked. Everything was exactly how I wanted it, and more. I looked in all the drawers to discover that there were actually clothes in them. There were t-shirts, sweaters, jeans, leggings, and pyjamas. I looked through the pyjamas and laughed when I saw a pair of bottoms with Captain America's shield all over it. There was a matching sweater as well and I took them both with me to my starting position. I thought it would be funny to wear them in the scene, so I put them on over my other clothes.
"And...Action!" I heard and I listened as the scene played out. When my cue came, I walked through the hallway and said my line.
"Hey dad, who was at th-" They all noticed my attire right away and I could tell that they were trying so hard to keep their laughter in. I turned around and walked away. Chris said his line and Joss yelled cut. I walked back out and everyone erupted in laughter.
"Where the hell did you find that?!" Chris asked between laughs.
"In the drawers in my bedroom set!" They laughed even harder, causing pain in my sides.
"And you know the best part?" Joss questioned.
"What?"
"That's the best take we've had all day!" I gave him a questioned look and continued to laugh.
"So that's a wrap on the first scene."
Jim Moriarity, hiiiiiiiii.