
"I, uhh" was all I could get out. I wasn't sure if I was ready to tell them all or not. I knew they would find out eventually, but mot that soon.
"Maybe we should ask her someth-"
"No, it's okay. Better tell them all now" I interrupted  Chris E.
"Tell us all what?" Robert asked.
"Well, I was born on July 27th, 2000 in Toronto. My parents and I were a happy family and we did everything together. Then the alcohol and drugs came. When I was 3, my parents were having a rough time and turned to alcohol and drugs. They were always high and drunk, and blamed me for everything. I was their biggest disappointment. I was hit, beaten, and cut. I would go to school, get bullied, come home, get beaten. This was my everyday life for 5 long years. One day, i was doing my homework in my room when someone knocked on the door. My parents were out of it so I had to answer the door. I opened it to find a squad of policemen. One policeman grabbed me and the rest of them stormed into the house and arrested my parents. The policeman wrapped a blanket around me and brought me to the police car. I was brought to the police station and put up for adoption. I spent 6 months in an orphanage. It wasn't the worst time of my life, but it certainly wasn't the greatest. After those 6 months, I was adopted by a couple and their son. I moved in with them and have lived there ever since.
"Now I'm here. Sitting in a café with all my favourite actors. So, yeah. That's my life story."
I couldn't believe I just told them all that. It took me months to tell my best friend the whole story. I guess I could trust them more than I thought I would.
I stared down at my hands. I didn't know what their reaction would be, and I wasn't too enthusiastic on finding out. I heard a few sniffles around the table and looked up to see every person at the table in tears. This always happens when I tell people my story. They always get emotional and for some reason it makes me freak out. I felt my breathing getting heavier and heavier, and I knew it was coming. I needed to get out of there and fast.
"Uh, excuse me, uh, for a minute" I managed to stammer out. I quickly got out of my chair and made my way outside.
"Where are you going?" Robert asked.
"Um, outside"
"Why?"
"Air" was all I could get out. I felt my legs begin to tremble and I knew I didn't have much time left. I quickly rushed outside and leaned against the brick wall. I could barely breathe. I felt like someone was suffocating me. I found it harder and harder to stand up and sank to the ground. Soon, my breathing steadied and I could breathe normally again. But I continued to sit there with my back against the wall and my legs out straight.
I heard footsteps coming towards me and looked up to see Robert. He sat down next to me and we sat there in silence together.
"Panic attack?" He asked me.
"Yup" I answered, popping the 'p'.
More silence. More hawkwardness.
"What size shoe are you?"
I gave him the most confused look ever. What kind of a question is that? I glanced at our feet side by side. Obviously his feet were twice the size of mine.
"4" I answered.
"Wow you're small"
"Haha yeah, I know"
"I think Joss wants to talk to you"
"About what?"
"I don't know. Why don't you go and see?"