
"You're still in double digits! I never would have guessed that you were that small"
"Yeah yeah, can we talk about something besides how small I am?"
"Hold on a sec. Stand up next to Tom." I stood up and Chris made Tom stand up as well. We stood next to each other and Chris was laughing his ass off. I'm guessing it had to do with the fact that I was like half of Toms height. I lifted my head up to look at Tom and I had to tilt my head all the way back just to see him. I smiled at Tom and he chuckled. I looked back at Chris and he was taking his phone out. He held it up to take a picture and I crossed my arms. Tom used my head as an armrest yet again and Chris took the picture. We sat back down and Chris was still laughing.
"Oh how I wish I could post this!"
"Why not?" Tom asked.
"'Cuz I'm invisible" I replied, trying to hide myself. The two of them chuckled and I turned to Chris.
"Doesn't it get confusing on set when someone calls out 'Hey Chris' and there's two of you?"
"Not anymore. Mostly everyone has their own way of getting our attentions. Usually it ends up being nicknames"
"Oh okay"
I continued to talk to Chris and sometimes Tom. We all ate, being starved from our first day of training. Once we were all finished and our plates were taken away, Robert stood up raising his glass.
"I would like to do the cliche thing and make a toast. Here were are back together again, about to start another adventure. Our last one was awesome, let's make this one better. We are happy to see each other again and we welcome our little one. I hope her first experience is as good as ours were. Now let's make an epic movie with superheroes"
"Enough with the sappy shit, let's get to the drinking!" Samuel interrupted.
"To Avengers!" Robert finished.
"To Avengers!" We all shouted and clinked glasses.
Everyone continued to drink for the rest of the night, while I stuck to Pepsi. I knew some of them would be hungover the next day, and I already knew what I was going to do to "help" them. The little party ended soon and I tried to say goodbye to everyone I could. But some of them were a bit too drunk. I walked back up to my room and jumped on my bed. I wasn't too tired yet so I decided to Skype Bianca.
"Hey Alexis"
"Hey Bianca"
"How ya feeling?"
"I'm tired. I have to be active 5 days a week for 3 whole months!"
"On no, the torture!"
"I don't think I'll survive!"
"I'll arrange the funeral"
"Oh, thanks"
"Your welcome" she flashes a cheesy smile.
"What's new with you?"
"Absolutely nothing! It's so boring without you!"
"Yeah I know. But I'm gonna try to see if I could have you come in for a few days in the summer"
"That would be awesome!"
"I don't know if I'd be able to though. Everything is so secretive"
"Well if I am allowed, then I'm coming. If I'm not, I'm coming"
"Haha, we'll see"
"Okay well I gotta go, 'cuz you know, school"