
I woke up at 1:00 and laid in bed for another hour or two. I had one more day left in New York before I headed back home. I was planning on doing some more sightseeing, but that wasn't gonna happen anymore. I decided to have a day of Netflix and room service. I ordered a pizza and started a Sherlock marathon. Half way through season 1, I got a text from Robert.
Sup mini me
Sup father
What are you up to?
Having a Sherlock marathon while eating pizza
It's 3:00 in the afternoon!
Your point
I thought you were going sight seeing today?
I thought so too but I slept in
Till when?
1
Wow. So is that all you're doing today?
Think so
How far are you into Sherlock?
I'm just finishing up season 1
Awesome. I have to go now but have fun
Thanks, I will
I spent the rest of my day eating my pizza and watching Sherlock. When Sherlock ended, i continued to lay in bed and listened to music. Eventually, it became late and I fell asleep.
~The Next Day~
My alarm woke me up at 6:00. Yay. I had an early flight back home today and I couldn't miss it. I dragged myself to the bathroom and took a quick shower. I put on a hoodie and black leggings, fashionable right? When I was done getting ready, I started to pack my bags. My mom finished getting ready and we checked out of our hotel. We got a taxi to the airport and went through security. Our flight was called and we boarded the plane. I sat next to the window with my mom on my right. I spent the flight watching Iron Man. The entire time, I couldn't stop thinking about how that was going to be me with Robert Downey Jr. and the Iron Man suits.
Eventually, our plane landed and my dad and brother picked us up. We headed back home and I went and unpacked. It felt nice to be back in good ol' Canada. My family and I had a fun night together playing board games and telling stories. Soon, it became late and my parents reminded me that I had to go to school the next day. Wonderful. I dragged myself to my room and got ready for bed. Soon, I was in a peaceful sleep.
*
The next day, my mom woke me up for school. I reluctantly got out of bed and got dressed. I wore a Doctor Who t-shirt that said 'Allons-y' and black leggings. I wear black leggings too often don't I? Oh well. I brushed my hair and left it down, the usual. I brushed my teeth, grabbed my backpack, and headed downstairs.
"Have a good day sweetie"
"Thanks mom"
I walked out the door and waited for my bus. My bus never came on time and left me waiting in the cold every morning. Finally, it came and I sat in my normal seat by myself. I put my headphones in and listened to music for the entire bus ride. We arrived at hell, I mean school, and I was immediately greeted by my best friend Bianca.
"Alexis!"
"Bianca!"
"How was New York?"
"It was great!"
I hadn't told her why I was really there. She thought I just went on a short trip. I was planning on telling her when we had our sleepover that weekend.