
"Where's Robert?" Scarlett asked.
"I don't know, he left a while ago," Jeremy answered. I smirked and Evans must have noticed.
"What are you smirking at little missy?"
"Oh, nothing. I just don't think he liked that apple juice."
"It's just apple jui- what did you do?" He hesitantly asked.
"Nothing," I stretched out, but my smile gave it away. He gave me a stern look and I caved.
"He just might have to use the bathroom more often than normal." His face softened and he broke out into his huge laugh.
"That's for the vodka isn't it?"
"Yup." Robert soon came back looking a bit more comfortable, but not by much. He sighed and went back to eating his now cold food.
"Hey Robert, did that apple juice taste a little funny to you?" I questioned him.
"You know now that you mention it, it did have a weird aft-" His eyes widened as he slowly turned his head towards me.
"What did you do?" He growled.
"Just more frequent bathroom breaks. Nothing major." I kept a big smile on my face as he looked like he wanted to throw me onto the street. His fist clenched and I took it as my time to leave.
"Okay, my job here is done so I'll be off. Also it only lasts an hour, you're welcome!" With that, I grabbed my things and brought them back to my trailer. When the door closed behind me, I burst out laughing and high-fived Brendon. We soon composed ourselves and went back to work.
After lunch, I was doing shots in the hallways outside the living room. It was shots of me sneaking around and listening to Tony and Pepper argue, the scene we shot earlier. I started off behind my bedroom door and waited to start.
"And... Action!"
I opened my door and walked into the hallway. I was going to the kitchen for something when I heard my parents arguing. Trying to keep quiet, I hid behind one of the weird pillar things and listened in. At one point, my name was mentioned and my face softened. Tony made a comment about me and my face immediately hardened. I came out of my hiding place and walked down the stairs to where they were. They stopped their conversation and I walked right past them and into the kitchen. I took a handful of grapes, a pop from the fridge and left the same way I came. Tony sighed and Pepper grabbed her things and left.
"And...Cut!"
I walked into the living room for notes and snuck up behind Robert.
"That's for the vodka, bitch." I leaned over his shoulder. He quickly spun around and put me over his shoulder. I screamed and he stormed over to the couch, dropping me onto it. Before I had a chance to run away, he began to tickle me. I tried to get away, but he was way too strong for me.
"Stop! Stop it!" I managed to say in between giggles.
"Stahp!" He kept going and as I was about to yell at him again, he stopped. I laid there panting while he sat there staring at me.
"Well, that's my workout for the day," I sighed. We laughed and then I realized Joss was trying to get our attention.
"Yeah?" I called.