
"Yeah one sec," She held up her finger to me. I tapped her again and she turned around.
"I said one se-" Her face turned into a huge smile and she hugged me.
"Alexis!"
"Hi!" I laughed. She let go and we talked about everything that I'd missed. Soon, it was time to start and were lined up. Because I attended a Catholic school, our graduation started with a Mass. All the graduates were lined up at the back of the church while I stood up front on the Altar. I was the commentator and began to talk. When I was done, the opening song started and I met my classmates at the back. We all walked up together, sat in our seats and began mass.
I could see Robert with my family near the back. I still couldn't believe he showed up for my graduation. It was in a completely different country for crying out loud! That was one of the reasons why I loved him so much. He truly cared about me and was willing to go out of his way to show it.
Part way through Mass, we had to sing a short song. The only thing was I was leading it. I stood up and stood by my music teacher at the piano. I held the words and stood in front of the microphone. Singing in front of my classmates wasn't my favourite thing to do, I didn't like singing and wasn't happy with my voice. But my music teacher wanted me to sing it, so how could I refuse?
I finished the song and we continued on through mass. After mass was done, we received our awards and certificates. Not everyone won an award, but I was fortunate to have won two. I won the math and music award. When I went up to receive it, I could see Robert clapping proudly.
After it was all over, my family congratulated me on my awards and for graduating. Robert hugged me tight and said he was proud of me. He came back home with us and stayed the night. I took off all my makeup and took out my hair. My dress was taken off and replaced with my pyjamas.
After my parents had gone to bed, I went to the kitchen for a late night snack. I was surprised to see Robert sitting at the table.
"You good?" I asked him.
"Yeah, yeah. Just hungry."
"I'm having cereal, do you want some too?"
"Sure." I poured cereal for the both of us and sat down next to him.
"So, how does it feel to be graduated?"
"Awesome. I'm just glad to get out of that school and move on."
"Elementary school isn't the greatest."
"It's living hell."
"Or you could put it like that. You excited for high school?"
"Very. More free will and not stuck with the same people all day? I'm in!" He laughed at my comment and we continued to talk. Once we were done eating, I put the dishes in the sink and got ready to head back upstairs.
"Congratulations mini me. I'm proud of you."
"Thanks dad. Means a lot." We hugged and went our separate ways. Him to the spare bedroom and me to my own. I fell asleep right away and had a peaceful sleep.
Thanks for reading that crappy filler chapter. I know it's not interesting at all, but it kinda had to happen.
This is weird, updating in the middle of the week.
See you all on Saturday:)