
"And...Action!"
I started to write stuff down on the paper while Bruce tried to explain to them what was going on. He was being gentle and trying not to tell them that they were still working on it and had actually made no progress whatsoever. Although he was failing miserably. He was trying too hard to make it seem like they had work done and Tony had to jump in to save them.
"What Brucey here is trying to say, just let us do our work. We'll have it done soon enough. So until then, let us be."
"What exactly do you have done, Stark?" Fury questioned.
"Well, you know, we're just finishing up the math and stuff. Then we'll be able to use that to figure out how the hell to stop this thing," Tony answered. As Fury pressed him more about the topic, I scribbled a few last words on the page and stood up.
"I got it, let's move," I called out and shoved the papers at Tony. He read them over and sighed.
"What she said, let's move."
"And...Cut!"
Robert gave me the papers back and listened to Joss' notes. Once he was done, we ran through the scene a few more times. After each take, I was getting more and more bored. Listening nonstop to science and math is not as interesting as you may think.
After one particular take, they received the note to talk more before I cut them off. Making the take longer and boring me more. To cure my boredom, I had been doodling on the papers. Some were little pictures and others were just random circles. I made sure to never have that paper on top as I handed it to Robert, so the only thing he ever saw was random words and math. But during the longer take, random doodles weren't going to cut it. So I resorted to drawing the other cast members, very badly I may add. By the time I had to hand it to him, I had drawn Tony, Steve, and Fury. But I accidentally left that paper on top as I handed it to him and he got to see my wonderful drawings.
"What the hell is this?!" He laughed.
"What's what?" Evans asked.
"This!" He held up the papers in front of him and everyone saw.
"I got bored!" I defended, putting my hands up. He showed it to everyone and then folded it, putting it in his back pocket. He returned the other papers and we started the scene over again.
"And...Action!"
They took more time explaining what they were doing and I scribbled a bunch of random lines. When it came time for me to cut them off, I stood up and said my line. I gave the papers to Tony and he looked them over.
"She's right. We gotta move quick if we want to stop it. Good work kid, I'm impressed. Strawberry?" I hadn't noticed he had been eating out of a silver bag. He offered the food to me but I shook my head.
"Allergic." He gave a confused look, but something must have clicked in his head and he let it go.
"Right, let's move."
"And...Cut!"
I sat back down and Robert just looked at me.
"What?" I dragged out. He put out his fist and I bumped mine against his, smirking.