
"Are you nervous?"
"What do you think mom? I'm about to do my first real audition to get a part I've wanted forever and to work with all my favourite actors", I replied.
"So you're nervous?"
"YES!"
"Alexis Little, they're ready for you", the casting director called.
Oh great. I'm not ready to do this yet!
"Good luck sweetie!", mom said.
"Thanks mom".
I got up and followed the man who called my name. He took me into a room that had all the directors, writers, and producers in it. Why were there so many people in the room?
"Welcome to the audition, what is your name?"
I freeze. I don't think I can do this. What would happen if I were to ditch right now? My thoughts were interrupted by the director, Joss Whedon.
"Your name please"
"Oh, sorry. My name is Alexis Little", I replied.
"Nice to meet you Alexis, let's get started".
He started off by asking me a bunch of questions about myself, like where I'm from and my acting experience.
I've only been acting for a few years, but I have been in quite a few shows back home. The only thing I was worried about was that he would notice that I only acted on stage before, not on camera. Hopefully he will look past that.
I answered all of his questions truthfully, but he didn't say much. Was I doing this right?
Next, he had me read some lines with him. I read through a few scenes with him and I made sure to put all my effort into it.
When we were finished, he handed me a green card and asked me to wait in the waiting room.
I walked back to the waiting room and sat back down with my mom.
"So, how'd it go?", she asked.
"Good, I think", I responded and began nervously playing with my hands.
"I'm sure you did fine".
We waited for half an hour, watching many people go in and come out with green and yellow cards. Wait.....WHAT?! There were two different cards! I hope I got the good card, please say I got the good card.
Just then, the man who walked me in, came in carrying a clipboard.
"Can I have everyone's attention please! If you were given a yellow card, we thank you for coming and we ask you to leave. If you were given a green card, we ask that you stay".
To my surprise, I made it past the first round.