
We got into the exact positions we were in when we finished the scene the last time. There were crew members checking around and making sure everything was exactly as it was before. Once everything was, we were good to start.
"And... Action!"
We all groaned and complained at Thor's last comment when a high pitched noise sounded. Everyone stooped talking and tried to block out the noise. As we were looking around to see what it was, Ultron slowly walked into the room.
"How could you be worthy?" All eyes went to him as he made himself known.
"You're all puppets." Guns were getting positioned and we were all slowly getting ready to fight if needed.
"Tangled in strings." Ultron then picked up one of the robots on the floor by the head. In one swift movement, he crushed its head and threw it in front of him.
"And... Cut!"
We all relaxed and waited for the usual notes. Joss soon did and we ran through the scenes a couple more times before we took another break. I had finished all my schoolwork earlier so I had nothing to do but sit there. I rested my head on the counter in front of me and closed my eyes.
"Please don't tell me you're asleep again."
"No, so don't try to wake me with ice," I answered Robert.
"Not this time," He smirked. I was about to reply when I heard the sound of a piano. My head whipped around until I noticed Jeremy playing it.
"Since when did we have a piano in here?!"
"Since always. You never noticed it before?"
"No!" I walked over to it and watched as Jeremy lost himself in the music. He was playing a song I didn't recognize, but I enjoyed it. I found myself tapping along to it and was sad when it was over. He took his hands off the keys and looked up at me.
"Hi?"
"Sorry, just watching." He chuckled and stood up.
"That's fine," He patted my head and walked away. We soon began the scene again and finished it up. It was dinnertime by the time we finished and everyone headed to the catering room. I was behind everyone as they all left until I was pretty much the only person on set. The piano kept staring at me and I gave in. I walked over to it and sat on the bench. My hands got into position and I started to play a few chords. The chords I played matched up to a song I really liked, so I continued to play it.
I hummed the tune under my breath as I played. I got lost in the music and became unaware of my surroundings. The only thing in my mind was the melody and words. I finished up the last chord and took my hands off the keys. I stood up and started walking to the catering room when I stopped in my tracks.
"Uh, hi."
"Was wondering why you weren't there yet," Robert stated.
"Oh, yeah," I blushed. I followed him out and through the maze of trailers.
"You never mentioned piano."
"I'm not really that good so I don't really count it as playing an instrument."
"If you're not good, then what was that?"
"Just playing chords." He hummed in response and we reached the catering room. I ate my food and we finished up the last scenes for the day. Then I was back to my hotel room and off to sleep.
Hi.