
It was the day. Shooting officially started, and I was beyond excited. I had to wake up at 6:00, but I really didn't care. I just couldn't wait to start on set. I threw on a t-shirt and leggings, and did my routine in the bathroom. After I was ready, I met Andy outside and drove to the soundstage. The soundstage was heavily guarded with security. There were gates you had to pass through, give your name, and finally arrive on set. I signed in and was given a mini tour of everything. There was the main soundstage that held the sets of the Stark building. Outside were all the trailers for everyone and in a separate building, was the catering. We would be fed throughout the day by the caterers and could go in there at any time. I was then guided to my trailer and was handed the key. I unlocked the door and walked inside for the first time. It was a really nice trailer and had everything I would need. To the right was a couch with a few pillows. There was a little booth next to it where I guessed I would do my schoolwork. In the middle was a kitchen equipped with a microwave, an oven, a stove, and a fridge. Finally, there was a bathroom on the left. The bathroom was decently sized and was really nice. I was done in my trailer and was told I had to start getting ready. We weaved through the rows of trailers until we reached the hair and makeup trailer. The trailer was at the very front so it was easy to find.
I walked through the door to see a few hairstylists and makeup artists already getting ready. There was a row of mirrors on the wall with a counter in front of it, and there were eight chairs for people to sit in. Gwyneth and Scarlett were already seated and getting ready. A man came up to me and instructed me to sit in one of the chairs. I did as he said and he introduced himself.
"I'm Tyler and I'll be your hair and makeup artist for the next couple of months." He then proceeded to do my hair and makeup. For the next 20 minutes, Tyler dolled me up and turned me into Summer Stark. My hair was in loose waves with a grey beanie on top. My makeup was a natural look that made my eyes pop in a way I never thought they could. While Tyler was working on me, we got to know each other. I found out about his life back home and that he is the queen of sass. I had a feeling we'd get along quite well.
When I was done, I was sent to the wardrobe trailer next door. Inside was almost identical to the one from the photoshoot. There were racks of costumes and they were organized by characters. A wardrobe woman came to me and handed me the costume I was to wear that day. I got changed in a dressing room and put my own clothes in a bag. The costume was a blue plaid shirt, black skinny jeans, and blue converse. I walked out and had the woman do last minute touches on me before I was ready to go.
I was told that I wasn't needed for a few minutes so I went and bugged Robert. His trailer was right next to mine thankfully, making it easier to find.
*knock knock knock* "Father" *knock knock knock* "Father" *knock knock knock* "Father"
"Yeah?" He called from inside.
"We're needed in a few."
"'Kay." A minute later he came out of his trailer and walked with me to the set. I actually didn't know where to walk, that's the only reason I waited for him. We soon made it on set and were met with Joss. He greeted us and showed us to the right set. We would be filming on the main Stark set that was the living room of the Stark tower.
All the Avengers were filming that day and the cast were all on set. We were waiting for Joss to give us our directions and then we would start filming. After a couple of minutes, Joss stood on top of a chair and started talking.
"Alright, hello. Uh, day one of Avengers 2. This will be the first of many long days, so get used to it. Yeah, let's get started." He jumped off the chair and someone in the room shot off a small confetti canon. I giggled at the outburst and we got to work.