
"HAPPY CANADA DAY!" I shouted as I arrived on set. June had ended and we were in the month of July. Filming continued on and we shot multiple scenes on the helicarrier.
"Happy Canada Day!" Robert called back to me. I was decked out in red and white and carried around a little flag with me.
"Isn't it weird to be celebrating it in America?"
"Sorta. But oh well." I got my hair and makeup done and got my costume on. My costume was still my blue outfit and I looked the same as before. When I was ready, Brendon took me to set and I met with everyone else.
"Alright since it's Canada Day and we have a Canadian with us, we're gonna stand for their national anthem." Joss announced. We all stood up and listened to my national anthem play over the speakers. I quietly sang along and smiled throughout the whole thing. After it ended, we started working on our scenes for the day.
*
The next day we were filming a scene with Loki. Tom was there and was in the process of getting his hair and makeup done. He was sitting next to me while I was getting mine done and he looked really creepy. Not gonna lie! It's one thing to see him on screen, but in person was much more terrifying.
I was back in my tank top and skinny jeans and I was still cold. Brendon brought me my sweater from my trailer to wear and it was helping for the moment. We walked onto set and were directed to where we would be filming. It was a new set that was different from the ones we were used to filming on. Instead of the helicarrier, the set was made to look like it was outside. There was dirt on the ground and a blue screen was set up behind it.
When we were ready to start, I sadly took off my sweater and gave it back to Brendon. Joss explained the scene and we got into positions. We were filming a scene where the Avengers crashed onto the ground, only to find Loki before them. I got into my position behind Robert and waited to start the scene.
"And...Action!"
Smoke shot out of the spot where the jet would be and we all walked out of it. We coughed and quickly got away from it.
"Trust you with the jet, they said. We'll be safe, they said," Tony complained.
"Oh I'm sorry that I was shot out of the sky!" Clint called back.
"By what?!"
"I don't know! A bird, a plane?!" Tony rolled his eyes and started to look around for anything. I stayed close behind him as everyone else did the same.
"There's nothing here!" Steve growled.
"I would think differently," Loki came out of his hiding spot. They all froze and stared shockingly at him. I cowered behind Tony as he stuck out a protective arm.
"You're precious fortress, falls from the sky. How terrible. Mustn't cry over it."
Clint made a move to go after him but was stopped by Steve.
"Why are you here, Loki?" Steve questioned.
"Am I not allowed to visit my dear brother and his friends?" No one answered him and continued to glare.
"Well I can't say I am surprised. You've always been the one with the friends, haven't you Thor?"
"Loki, what is the meaning of this?" Thor got involved.
"Oh, nothing. Just a little visit. Came to say hello."
"Why don't you say hello on your own time," I came out of my hiding place. His face softened when he saw me, but immediately hardened again. It was barely even noticeable.