
Bianca came with me to set the next day and I showed her around. She wasn't allowed in some places, which we both completely understood, but I showed her what I could. I took her through the maze of trailers and let her inside mine. She loved the couch I had and the mini booth next to it. After my trailer, I showed her the catering room. Immediately she grabbed a muffin and I led her to the hair and makeup trailer. Bianca wasn't the biggest fan of doing hair, but she absolutely loved makeup. To be more specific, special effects makeup.
As soon as I opened the door, her eyes were the size of the moon. She was literally a kid in a candy store. I introduced her to Tyler and she immediately started asking him questions about the products he used and his techniques. I honestly couldn't tell you anything that they said. They were in their own world, one I knew nothing about.
I watched as Evans came in to get cuts put on his face. He sat down in his chair and his eyebrows furrowed as he noticed Bianca.
"My best friend, Bianca." He made an 'oh' face and got ready to have his face poked at. His artist, Natahsa, had been listening in on Bianca and Tyler's conversation and let Bianca watch her work up close. She stood next to her and watched everything she did. Natasha told Bianca what she was doing and went through it step by step. Bianca took it all in and stood there, amazed. She was smiling throughout the whole thing and I swear it was the best moment of her life.
When his makeup was done, Natasha cleaned up her area and I took Bianca back to my trailer.
"That was amazing! Like she was using..." She began her rant and I listened closely. Not understanding a word she was saying.
"You done?" I asked when she stopped talking.
"Yeah, I'm done."
"I'm laughing at the fact that you're fangirling over what the makeup artist was doing and not the actor she was putting makeup on." She just shrugged in response and began to talk about other things.
We stayed on set until lunchtime before I took her out shopping. We looked around a few music stores before heading off to our favourite store, Hot Topic. As soon as we walked in, we knew exactly what we were looking for. Bianca got some Sleeping With Sirens merch while I got My Chemical Romance. We also got a few Doctor Who and Sherlock items before heading back to the hotel.
As it was July 4th, we stood out on the balcony and were able to see the fireworks. The bright lights were mesmerizing and I felt myself getting lost in the show. All the colours popped out at you with a loud boom and disappeared into the night sky. I didn't dare take my eyes off of it.
"Happy Fourth of July my Canadian friend," I said.
"Eh, happy Fourth of July."
*
Bianca left the day after and I was back to being by myself again. My leg still hurt a bit and wasn't fully healed, but it was for sure getting better. I could walk, but still used the crutches to get around as I couldn't walk for long. Joss insisted that I take it easy for at least another day, but I didn't want to hold back filming any longer. So after Bianca left early in the morning, I made my way to set. Tyler did my hair and makeup and I got dressed into my blue tank top and matching outfit.
Once I was ready, Brendon took me to the lab set. We were slower than usual, due to me having to crutch, but I still made it on time.
"Hey look who it is!"
"Kiddo, you're back!"
"Hey squirt!"
"Sup kid!" I laughed at all the nicknames and said hi to everyone. I made my way over to the lab table and sat down on the stool. Brendon took my crutches away and I sat patiently as everyone got ready. Joss did the usual explaining and we all got ready. There were papers in front of me and I held a pen in my hand. Robert, Mark, Evans, Nick, and Scarlett were in the lab as well. Robert and Mark would be explaining something to them while I worked something out on the paper. When we were all ready, we started the scene.