
The last week of training was spent drilling all of the fight scenes. I was done dancing and everyone else was done lifting weights. We were all in the stunt room and spent the entire day in there. A few camera people were there filming shots for the behind the scenes stuff. The week flew by and by the end of it, I was bored of all the fight sequences. After the last day of training, Robert hosted a party at his house. Everyone headed to their hotel rooms first to freshen up and then met at Robert's house. When I was finished getting ready, Robert drove me to his house.
"You know what I miss?" I blurted out.
"What?" He hesitantly asked.
"Falling asleep in one place and then waking up in another."
"I can see why you would miss that."
"I used to fall asleep in my parents bed and then wake up in my own. I would call them free elevator rides."
"Free elevator rides?"
"Yup."
"Sorry to break it to you, but that ain't happening anymore."
"Yeah, I know." We arrived at his house and my jaw dropped. It was a beautiful home that I couldn't imagine living in. He chuckled at my reaction and went inside. I followed behind him and gasped at the interior. Everything was modern and elegant. Susan greeted us and showed me to the living room. I sat down on one of the couches and a cat immediately walked up to me. I let it sniff my hand and once it was satisfied, jumped onto my lap.
"So you're a cat person I see?" Robert questioned.
"Yup. Always have been."
"That one is Montgomery and there's another one named Dartanion." I scratched Montgomery's head and he began to purr. Everyone else began to arrive and I continued to play with the cat on my lap. Someone turned the music on and AC/DC blasted through the house. Of course Robert had AC/DC, he basically is his character.
"Let's get this party started!" Well, here goes nothing.
*
It was 2:00 in the morning. The party had escalated and was actually a lot of fun. Everybody, except for me, was either tipsy, or far beyond that. I would probably be the only one to remember anything of that night. Robert had brought out a karaoke machine, you can tell where that went. I refused to sing anything, but that didn't stop them from having their own solos. Evans and Robert went full out, with shades on and a tie wrapped around their heads. They were the most drunk.
There were also multiple attempts at games involved. Key word attempts. Someone thought it was a good idea to play Twister. Mark was going to be really sore the next day. I'm not one to brag, but I totally won that game. Beer pong on the other hand, I totally failed. I teamed up with Clark so he could take my drinks for me. I think he regretted that, oh well. He wouldn't remember it anyway.
I was lying on the couch watching Jeremy and Clark face off in Mario Kart. Clark was failing miserably and Jeremy beat him by a long shot.
"Dude, you suck!" I called out.
"Oh like you could do better!" He slurred. I just smirked and took the controller from him. Jeremy chose a course and we picked out our characters. I chose Yoshi while he chose Waluigi,  what does that tell you about him? The countdown started and I got extra speed at the beginning. Jeremy was in first with me closely in second. I didn't want to pass him until the end. On the second lap, he got hit with a blue shell. I became first, but I let him pass me. Then at the very last second, I passed him and crossed the finish line. I won first place and he finished second. He stared blankly at the screen and I just smiled.