
Robert picked me up at my hotel the next day like he said he would. I said goodbye to my mom and left with Robert and my precious script. I climbed into the passenger side of Robert's car and he started to drive me to my first ever read through. As he was driving, I was nervously tapping my foot and picking at my lip, a habit I could never get rid of. Robert noticed this and tried to calm me down.
"Hey, you don't have to be so nervous! Chill out, relax! Everything will go perfectly fine" he encouraged me.
"Ya, I know. It's just that you all know each other already and have worked with each other before. Then here' same getting thrown into a group of people who are already good friends. I don't want to be the person you are all forced to welcome"
"Do you really think this is going to be that bad? That we're not going to like you? I've only been talking to you for a few minutes and you already seem pretty cool. I think the rest will think the same"
"Thanks, you seem pretty cool too"
"Of course I am. I'm Robert Downey Jr. Besides, you're like a mini version of me almost"
"I'll take that as a compliment"
"What else would it be?" He smirked.
"Just keep driving Mr.Stark"
Soon, we arrived at the place of the read through. Robert didn't hesitate to take off his seatbelt and jump out of the car. He seemed to be more excited about this read through than I was. Robert came around and opened my door for me. I nodded a small thanks to him as I hopped out of the car.
I followed Robert into the building and immediately people started to swarm him with greetings. I quietly moved myself away from the crowd and started to read the names that were placed on the tables for everyone. It took me a while to find my name on the table. My seat was in between Robert and Gwyneth Paltrow who would be playing my mom. I started to make my way over to my seat, when someone tapped me on the shoulder. I turned around to see Gwyneth smiling at me.
"Hi, you must be Alexis" she says to me.
"Um, yeah. You're Gwyneth right?"
"Yes, yes I am. It's nice to finally meet my daughter!"
"It's nice to finally meet my mom!"
"I'm guessing you have already met Robert haven't you?" She asked me.
"Yeah, he was nice enough to give me a ride here and back"
"I'm glad you two are getting along. Have you met anyone else yet?"
"No, not really. I mean, I know who they all are, but I haven't actually spoken to any of them"
"Why don't we change that?" She smirked, while grabbing my hand and starting to drag me towards the crowd of people.
"No,no,no! It's okay! You don't have to do that. I'm sure you have better things to do than dragging me around"
"I insist! Besides, I have nothing else to do"
She continued to drag me to the first available person. That person happened to be Chris Hemsworth. Chris noticed Gwyneth heading towards him with outstretched arms and he returned her hug.
"Gwyneth! So nice to see you again!" Chris said with his Australian accent.
"It's nice to see you too, Chris!" Gwyneth replied.
Chris realized that there was someone else with them and he turned his gaze down to me.
"I don't believe we've met. I'm Chris Hemsworth and I'm playing Thor" he said to me while shaking my hand. Wow, he has a strong hand.