
I stood up and walked with Robert back inside. I kept my head down incase everyone was staring. Luckily, they were too busy in their own conversations to pay any attention to me. Robert led me to a separate table where Joss sat. I sat across from Joss and looked at all the paperwork laying on the table.
"Ah, Alexis. It's good to see you"
"It's good to see you too"
"Now, I wanted to talk to you about school"
I felt a sense of relief wash over me, but not completely. He did just say everybody's favourite word, school.
"You don't look overly thrilled about this"
"Well, you did just say school"
"Haha I know, but you will be missing a few months of school and we have to get you a tutor during training and part of filming. Now, what grade are you in?"
"I'm in grade 8"
"Okay. What level do you think you're at?"
"I'm pretty good at school. I get good grades and understand most things"
"Great, we will have a tutor ready for you. Now onto training. Do you play any sports or train in anything?"
"I dance and have to train for that, but not anything else. I don't like sports.....or exercise"
"Are you flexible at all?"
"Yeah, I'm pretty flexible"
"Perfect! What styles of dance are you trained in?"
"Tap, jazz, hip-hop, ballet, and pointe"
"Would you be willing to dance in the film?"
"Uh, yeah sure. When though?"
"We were thinking of having you and Robert tap dance during the opening of the new Stark Tower"
"Cool"
"Would you be up to that?"
"Totally!"
"Great! Now onto your schedule"
He handed me my official schedule for training and filming. He explained everything to me and talked me through my daily routine. I had to wake up at 7:00 a.m and arrive at the training gym for 8:00 a.m. I would train until lunch, have a lunch break, and train again 'till 5:00 p.m. My trainer would decide on the amount of breaks I would have. I had to have more breaks than everyone else to work with my tutor.
"Alright, that concludes our meeting. We will see you again next month when you start your training"
"Okay, great! See you next month." We stood up, shook hands, and I walked back to my seat at the table. I sat down next to Robert but he was too busy on his phone to notice I was there. I waited patiently for a few minutes before I gave up. I unlocked my phone and started to spam him.
Hey
Hey you
Hey
Yo
Mr. Stark
Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist
Tony
Dad
Father
Mr. Holmes
Sherlock