
After we wrapped up the first scene, it was already lunch time. Everyone met in the catering room and sat at the tables. I would have joined them if I didn't have schoolwork to do. Instead, I grabbed a plate of food and had to bring it to my trailer with me. When I walked inside, there were two people inside waiting for me. They both stood up when I came in and immediately introduced themselves.
"Hi I'm Pete and I'll be your tutor for the next month." He put his hand out for me to shake.
"Hi Pete." I shook his hand and turned to the other person in the room.
"I'm Brendon and I'll be your personal assistant throughout filming."
"I have an assistant?!"
"Yup. I'm your go to guy for coffee runs and stuff like that."
"Cool! Hello Brendon." I shook his hand as well and sat down in the booth. Pete joined me and he started to ask me questions about what I had done so far. I explained to him what I had been working on and what I had already learned. This gave him an idea on where to start. He told me we wouldn't be doing much that day, since it was my first day on set and everything. I was totally fine with not doing any work so we just hung out in my trailer eating our lunches.
"So Brendon."
"So Alexis."
"When you go out for coffee runs, do they check on what you bought for us?"
"No, they don't."
"So you can bring me fast food without them knowing?"
"If you really wanted, yes."
"Yes! I mean, cool."
After an hour, Brendon informed me that lunch would be over soon. I cleaned up and followed Brendon to the set. We were filming on the same set, just a different scene. I was the last to arrive and Tyler was waiting for me. He quickly touched up my makeup and hair, then I was good to go. I went and sat on the couch while all the Avengers were entertaining themselves together. They were joking and laughing about who knows what, and I sat quietly on the couch. Joss came over to start the scene with us, but couldn't get their attention.
"Guys. Guys. Guys!" They didn't hear him and continued on with their chatter. He looked at me on the couch and chuckled.
"And you're the only one listening." I smiled and watched as he tried to get their attention. Eventually he screamed loud enough that they heard him and stopped.
"Thank you." He said and went on to describe the scene. We were actually filming one of the last scenes. All of the Avengers were together in the Stark tower after the battle and were moving in. Yup, all the Avengers would have a room there for when they needed a place to stay. Tony and I were sprawled out on the couches while everyone else arrived and dropped their stuff off. They then joined us until we were all in the living room.
We got into our positions and waited to start. I was laying on my back, with my head propped up on the pillow. Tony was sitting on the other end, leaning back on the armrest. Everyone else was waiting off set.
"And...Action!"
Tony and I were laying there doing nothing when the elevator dinged. We both turned our heads in the direction of the elevator and watched Steve walk in with a bag in his hand. He gave us a small smile and Tony pointed him in the right direction. He thanked him and walked down the hallway. The elevator dinged again and Natasha and Clint walked in with bags as well. Tony pointed in the direction of the hallway and they were off. This happened again with Bruce and later Thor. Bruce was the first to walk back in and Tony took him to the lab, leaving me alone. Steve walked in and joined me in the couch and later everyone else joined. Natasha and Clint were busy in their own conversation while I joined Steve's and Thor's. Steve had a Stark phone in his hand and Thor was asking him questions about it. I was giggling at their cluelessness and Tony and Bruce walked back in laughing like children. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see a camera on a crane moving up and back. It was taking a larger shot before Joss ended the scene.