
The second day of the photoshoot was spent finishing up everyone's solo shots. I arrived there the same time I did the day before and I was wearing black skinny jeans and a flowy, pink top. I sat down in a chair in the hair and makeup room and had my hair and face poked at again. My hair and makeup were the same as before, except I had a few cuts on my face and my hair was a little tangled. My costume on the other hand, was completely different. I was no longer in every day, comfortable clothes. Instead, I was in a red spandex type suit that covered my whole body. The suit had black and white squares with dots in them that were wrapped around parts of the suit. I wore a red pair of shorts on top and I felt really weird wearing it. Just then, Robert walked out of one of the change rooms wearing the exact same outfit as me. He stopped in front of me and we stood there for a minute just staring at each other before bursting out laughing. We both looked absolutely ridiculous but I was glad I wasn't the only one wearing it.
"I feel weird" I complained to him.
"Wait till you get the suit on." I gave him a 'wait what?!' face and a couple of men came in carrying the top halves of two Iron Man suits. Both suits were red and gold, but one had a deeper red. They divided the suits into separate pieces and started to put them on Robert and I. I was given the suit with the darker red. The first piece was the main chest piece. It was the middle of the suit and had to be put on overtop of my head. As soon as it was lowered onto my shoulders, I immediately felt the extra weight. That thing was heavier than it looked! They began adding the rest of the pieces to my upper body and arms. Robert was right, the Iron Man suit was weirder than the spandex suit. They finished putting the suit on Robert and I and we walked over to the photoshoot room. I didn't feel out of place anymore when I saw everyone else in their costumes. I felt a bit star struck to see all the Avengers in person. I literally had Thor and Captain America standing right in front of me.
Robert and I joined everyone else in the lounge area and waited for Jeremy to finish his shots. They let Robert and I get our shots taken next, since we had the most uncomfortable and heavy costumes. I couldn't wait to get it over with and take off the suits. Soon Jeremy finished and it was my turn again. I walked/waddled over to the photoshoot area and stood on marked 'x' in front of the white background. I was directed to stand with my feet spread apart and to stand up tall. My first pose was of my right arm extended as if I'm shooting repulser beams from the palm of my hand. I had the same look of determination on my face as the day before and the camera clicked. I held the pose for a few minutes before we moved onto my last pose. One of the guys who assembled my suit handed me my helmet. It was similar to Robert's, just a lot smaller. I kept the same stance but didn't have my arm extended. Instead, I was holding the helmet underneath my arm. I had the same look on my face again and the cameraman finished my solo shots. When we finished, I was done for the day and had my Iron Man suit taken off. I changed back into my regular clothes and watched as Robert finished with his shots.
20 minutes later, Robert was done and back into his t-shirt and jeans. He walked over to me and asked me what I've seen of New York so far.
"Eh, not much."
"Want me to show you around?"
"I'd love that." We walked to his car and climbed in, he started to drive to downtown New York and parked a block away. We got out of the car and walked through downtown. I was utterly speechless. Downtown New York was absolutely amazing and I had a hard time not staring at all the tall buildings. We started passing by a bunch of clothing stores, but they didn't interest me as much as another store did. I spotted it down the street and started dragging Robert to it. The store was in a less populated area so it wasn't busy. When we stopped in front of it, he gave me a questioning look.
"A music store, really?"