
Two months had gone by and I only had one more month of training left. Pretty much all of the fight scenes were choreographed and we were focusing on perfecting them. Robert and I would soon start our little tap dance and I was excited to see what he could do. For the next couple of days, we all had to get test shots and photoshoots done. I had never done a photoshoot before and I couldn't wait to see what happened. I showed up the first day in just a t-shirt and leggings. They told me not to do anything to my hair and face, which I gladly obeyed because it meant I got to sleep in longer. When I arrived at the studio, I was directed to the hair and makeup room. I sat down in a chair and a stylist started to work on my hair. The stylist brushed my hair out and dug out a curling iron. Uh-oh, I thought. She didn't know anything about my hair, so she didn't know that my hair was impossible to curl. I was too shy to say anything so I let her continue on with my hair.
I sat quietly for 40 minutes staring down at my hands. I heard the curling iron being turned off and unplugged. She probably gave up trying, I thought. But when I looked up, I saw that my hair was in perfect loose curls. They framed my face perfectly and every piece of hair was curled perfectly. The stylist must have noticed my confused my confused and shocked face.
"What's wrong sweetheart? Don't like it?"
"My hair has never curled before"
"Really?"
"Nope." She laughed and started to pin a beanie to the back of my head. It was a simple plum beanie and it went well with the way my hair was done. When my hair was finished, she started on my makeup. It took her a while to find my shade, since I'm so pale, but she eventually did and started to work on my face.
20 minutes of face poking and eye jabbing later, my makeup was complete. I looked in the mirror she handed me and I didn't even recognize myself. My hair and makeup were perfect and all of my imperfections were covered. I barely even looked like me. I handed her the mirror back and I was brought to the wardrobe room. Gwyneth was finishing up and was dressed like Pepper Potts. She came over to me and hugged me.
"Alexis! I haven't seen you in awhile, how is training going? I hope the boys aren't giving you a hard time"
"I've missed you! It's going good, better than I thought it would be. And they've been fine. It's mostly just me showing them off"
"That's my girl. And don't you look beautiful! You must have a lot of boys back home!" I burst out laughing at her comment. Me? A boyfriend?! Was she crazy?!?
"What! What did I say?"
"Y-you said I-I had boys b-back home!"
"And...?"
"And that has never happen nor will it!"
"Don't be so negative! I'm sure one will come around"
"Yeah, in a million years"
"Ha ha, well I have to go and so do you"
"Okay, see ya"
"See ya"
I walked over to the woman at the wardrobe and introduced myself to her. She led me to a rack with my name on it and grabbed a pair of clothes. The clothes were hung up in a change room and I went to try it on. It was black skinny jeans, a brown long sleeved top, a gray coat, a plum scarf, and black combat boots. The outfit reminded me a lot like Darcy from Thor. I put the outfit on and shoved my clothes in a bag. The wardrobe lady did some finishing touches on me and I was good to go. I was led to the main room where they already started to take shots of Clark. I sat down on one of the couches in the lounge they had and put my earbuds in. "From Now On We Are Enemies" by Fall Out Boy came on and I relaxed into the couch. A couple of minutes later and I was still listening to music when someone ripped out my earbuds.