
Joss gave us a couple of notes about the scene like a different reaction about something. After that, we got back into our starting positions, which I was already in, and we started the scene again. We ran through the scene a couple more times before we took another break. The crew were moving around the cameras while the actors hung around on set. I continued to lay on the couch and decided to close my eyes. There was too much noise around me to fall asleep, but I left my eyes closed to rest.
I wasn't asleep, but I wasn't awake. I was in that dream like state where you can hear everything around you, but you're too far away to answer or do anything. I could still hear all the conversations around me, and soon they were about me.
"Is she asleep?"
"Looks like it."
"How is she asleep already, it's only the first day?"
"I have no clue, but I'm thinking this won't be the first time."
"Should we wake her up?"
"We are starting soon, might be a good idea."
"Well I don't want to be rude and just wake her."
"I'll do it, give me some ice or something."
"You are not pouring ice over her!"
"Fine, how do you want to wake her up then?"
"Planning on how to wake me up would work a lot better if I was actually asleep." I blurted out. "But thanks for not going with the ice." I peeled my eyes opened and looked up at all the faces towering over me.
"Next time you won't be so lucky." Robert explained, trying to scare me into never falling asleep on set. I probably would, considering I had to wake up early every day.
Joss called to us that the crew was ready and we got back into our positions. I still didn't have to move and I was starting to get a bit uncomfortable. The couch was comfy, but after sitting in the same position for well over an hour, it started to feel more like a rock.
"And...Action!" We carried on throughout the scene again and I was starting to get real tired of it. We weren't really saying anything in the scene, as there would be music playing in the background. So there wasn't a chance that someone would mess up their lines or anything, making it funny.
After a few more takes, the scene was finally done and we were free to go to dinner. I was allowed to sit in the catering room to eat because I wasn't doing any schoolwork that day. There was a buffet on one of the walls and the rest of the room was made up of multiple tables and chairs. I grabbed a plate of food, and sat down at a table in the corner. The food was really good and I dived in right away. In a matter of minutes I was finished eating everything on my plate. The rest of the cast were just sitting down when I finished.
"I swear we're going to have a competition one day with you." Robert sighed.
"It was only because I was really hungry. I usually eat slow."
"Good, that way one of us will win." I just rolled my eyes and went to the wardrobe trailer. Since I was done for the day, I took off my costume and put on my normal clothes. I hung my costume up and headed next door to hair and makeup. Tyler took all my makeup off so I wouldn't have to in my hotel room. When he was done, I thanked him and gathered everything from my trailer. Andy drove me back to the hotel and I fell asleep for the rest of the night.