
"So are we still good for this weekend?" I asked her.
"Yes! I can't wait to hear all about New York!"
"Great!"
The bell rang and we headed to class. We were still in elementary school so we only had one teacher for everything, besides gym, french, and music. The day went by slowly and was so boring. I literally missed nothing while I was gone. I was glad when the day was over and I headed home.
~The Weekend~
"Soooooooo..."
"Soooooooo..."
"HOW WAS NEW YORK?!"
"WHY ARE YOU SCREAMING?!"
"JUST ANSWER THE QUESTION!"
"New York was great"
"That's it? It was great?!"
"No! It was more than great but you're gonna want to sit down for this"
"Okaaaaaay"
"So, a few weeks ago my mom let me go to an auditio-"
"OMG REALLY?!"
"SHUT UP AND LET ME FINISH! So, I went to the audition and it went really well. I got the part and I'm going to be in a movie!"
"OMG CONGRATS!"
"Do you want to know what movie?"
"YES!"
"Guess"
"I don't know! There's a lot of movies filming soon!"
"Well, what movie is going to start filming in a few months that we're both really excited for?"
"There's still a lot but there's the Avengers mov- NO WAY! NO FREAKING WAY!"
"Yup"
"OMG! Like with Robert Downey Jr, Tom Hiddleston, and Chris Evans?"
"Yup"
"NO WAY!"
"Yes but you can't tell anyone! No one can find out!"
"Your secret is safe with me. So what part do you have?"
"I'm playing Summer Stark. Daughter of Tony Stark and Pepper Potts"
"Omg that's awesome! But does the movie skip a bunch of years or what?"
"No it's just after Iron Man 3. Pepper had Summer early on with Tony and he kept her hidden from the world. So she's been secretly living with the, but no one knows it"
"That sounds awesome!"
"I know right!"
"What did you do in New York?"
"I had a full read through with the cast and crew and then the whole cast went out the next day together"
"So you've met everyone already?"
"Yup"
"Lucky!"
Bianca and I continued to talk until we decided to get some sleep. I knew I could trust her with my secret. She was my best friend and I could trust her with my life. Hopefully I was allowed to bring her to set for a few days. She would love it. I hoped I did too.
Thank you to everyone who has read up to here! It really means a lot and I hope you are enjoying it! Sherlock I hope you like my last paragraph ;) This chapter is dedicated to katzeem11 she has a really awesome Sherlock fanfic that I absolutely love! Go check her out!