
"And...Cut!"
I calmed myself down and stood up. The scene felt good and it gave me a chance to let out my frustration and anger. Joss joined me on set and gave me his thoughts on the take.
"That was perfect, we don't need to do any more takes. Now let me get a medic"
"For what?"
"Your hand." I looked down at my hand and noticed it was bleeding. I hadn't noticed the dull throb that ran through it. It must of got cut when I picked up the picture from the broken glass. A medic came over and instructed me to sit down. She looked over my hand and cleaned it up. It wasn't deep enough to require stitches. So she wrapped it up in a bandage and I was good to go.
It was around lunchtime when we finished so I headed to the catering room. The food there was surprisingly good, but it was restricted to certain foods. Every one of us was on a diet and were limited to what foods we could eat. Unfortunately I was included in that, which meant I couldn't eat any junk food. That they knew of.
I walked into the room to grab a quick lunch before I was off for the day. Everyone else was already in there eating when I walked in. They all looked at my hand before looking at each other and sighing.
"Alright, who had Alexis?" Robert groaned.
"That would be me! Pay up!" Jeremy gloated. Everyone else dug into their pockets and passed Jeremy crumpled up bills.
"Thank you Alexis!"
"For what?"
"For getting injured first. You just gave me $25."
"Did you seriously bet on injuries?"
"...yup."
"Without me?"
"...yup." I just rolled my eyes and grabbed my food. Once my plate was full, I sat down at the table next to Robert.
"What did you even do?"
"I threw a picture frame and when I picked up the picture I cut my hand on the glass."
"Oh so nothing serious."
"Nope." There was silence as we ate. I eventually finished my plate and got up to leave. As I was walking away, Robert called out to me.
"Nice comeback by the way!"
"Thanks!" I walked back to my trailer and worked with Pete for the rest of the day.
*
The next day I wasn't needed until after lunch, but I still had to show up early for school. When I arrived, I headed straight for my trailer and started work right away. We started with English and moved onto History.
"Now, for your final grade, it says you have to do a project and present it."
"Oh good, I like doing presentations. It's even better that it's just for you and not my classmates."
"That's the thing, it won't be just me. It says you have to answer students questions. So I was thinking that you could present it for the rest of the cast."
"You're kidding, right?"
"Nope! Projects due in a week."
"What's it even on?"
"Confederation. Now start working." I reluctantly began my research and started my work. Brendon came to get me at lunch and I just grabbed an apple. I got my makeup done and had my hair put into a ponytail, then went to the wardrobe trailer. My costume was the same outfit, but all my articles of clothing had dots all over them. The dots were there so they could digitally add the Iron Man suit on top of me, instead of me actually wearing it.