
The next week continued on the same way. We shot scenes, had breaks in between, and I did schoolwork. I was having a blast on set and so was everyone else. There were already many gag reel worthy shots and working on scenes was becoming more fun everyday.
At the end of the second week, I had to pack up and travel back home for a couple days. Everything in my hotel room was back inside my suitcase, as well as some items from my trailer. My suitcase was completely full and couldn't fit anything more in. I probably shouldn't have bought that many souvenirs, oh well.
Once everything was packed, I got my tickets and everything ready and got prepared for my night flight. Yup, I had to fly throughout the night for the first time. Not to mention I was by myself the whole time. Needless to say I was a little scared.
I said goodbye to my room and checked out of the hotel. Andy was there to drive me to the airport and stay with me until I boarded. We soon arrived and I did the usual security checks. My luggage was taken away and I was left with my carry on. We sat at the gate for awhile before it was time to board. I said goodbye to him and boarded the plane that would take me back home.
*
My family was waiting for me when I got off the plane. I immediately ran to them and we formed a group hug. Even my brother was in on it. We let go and I hugged them each individually, starting with my crying mother. She held onto me tight and told me she was glad I was safe. My dad and brother were less emotional, but were still glad to see me home.
We got my luggage and made our way home. I brought all my things into my room and jumped onto my bed.
"Oh how I've missed you!" I called out. My bed was way more comfier than the hotel one.
"Are you talking to your bed?" My mom called back from downstairs.
"...no."
"Just get unpacked." I did as I was told and unpacked my luggage. When I finished, I met my family downstairs and we talked about all that had happened.
*
Two days later was my grade 8 graduation. I didn't have middle school so after grade 8, I moved onto high school. I got to sleep in before I went to my hair appointment. My hairdresser curled my hair and pinned it so it all fell to one side. There was a jewelled clip on top of the pins to make it look nicer.
The rest of the afternoon was spent getting ready. I did my makeup and nails before getting changed into my dress. My dress was purple with jewels at the top. It was a high-low dress that was frilly at the bottom. I had a black lace coverup and black heels to match. Once I was ready, I looked at my reflection in the mirror and grinned. I wasn't the type of person to care about my appearance and dress up, but I admitted that I looked good. Beautiful even.
I walked down the stairs to meet my family in the living room. They were chatting but immediately stopped as I came into view. I walked towards them and my dad quickly took a picture of me. He set us up in the living room and started to take family pictures. Just as he was about to take another picture, someone knocked on the door.
"Alexis, why don't you go get that," My mom said to me. I nodded and went over to the front door. When I opened it, there was a surprise waiting for me that I thought wouldn't happen.
"Robert!" I screamed and hugged him.
"Hey, how you doin kid!" I let go and he passed me a bouquet of flowers.
"I'm better now." We finished up our family pictures and had some taken with Robert. When we were done, we headed over to the church where my graduation would be held. Robert was in some sort of disguise that hopefully wouldn't draw any attention. He sat with my family while I went with my classmates. I found Bianca and tapped her on the shoulder.