
Robert's Pov:
I woke up in the middle of the night to the sounds of screaming. I was confused at first but then realized Alexis' room was right next to mine. I shot out of my bed and grabbed the room key she gave me. I barged into her room and she was still screaming. She had tear stains on her face and was shaking uncontrollably.
"Alexis!" I shouted and shook her. She jolted awake and looked up at me with her big teary eyes.
"Alexis?" She grabbed me and held onto me. I wrapped my arm around her, trying to calm her down. She was still crying and shaking. I rubbed circles on her back and let her cry into my shoulder. It took awhile, but I managed to calm her down. I laid her back down in her bed and seemed to already be asleep. I started to walk away when she called out to me.
"Robert?"
"Hmm?"
"C-can you stay w-with me tonight?" She looked so innocent and scared and I knew I couldn't say no.
"Of course." I climbed into the other bed in the room and made sure Alexis was asleep before I drifted off to sleep again.
Alexis' Pov:
I woke up the next morning at the same time I always did, but something wasn't right. I looked at the other bed to see Robert laying in it instead of my mom. I was confused until I felt my face. There were tear stains on my cheeks and the memories from the night before came back to me. I remembered my nightmare, Robert coming in, and him calming me down. I shuddered at the memories and started to get ready for the day. I went into the bathroom and did my usual morning routine. When I came back out, Robert was up and on his phone. He looked up at me and I gave him a small smile. He put his phone away and walked over to me with open arms. I gladly took his offer and hugged him tightly.
"I'm sorry" I mumbled.
"For what?"
"For waking you up in the middle of the night"
"I would rather you waking me up than having to go through that alone"
"Thanks"
We let go of the hug and he left to go back to his room to get ready.
"Robert?" I called to him, as he was in the doorway.
"Hmm?"
"Can you not mention this to anyone?"
"My lips are sealed kiddo." With that, he left and I was all by myself. I finished getting ready and Andy drove me to training. Patrick was waiting for me in the studio when I arrived and greeted me excitedly.
"It's your lucky day kid!"
"And why is that?"
"'Cuz you get to make a combo"
"Like, just me?"
"Yup"
"Yay!" Patrick left me alone in the studio for an hour for me to come up with a combo. I doubted I would need an hour, considering I already had tons of ideas. I chose to do a jazz dance and I had the perfect song for it. I picked "Save Rock and Roll" by Fall Out Boy and the ideas already started to form in my head. I started off on the floor and well, danced.
I finally finished the dance and I was really happy with it. I couldn't wait to show Patrick it. My favourite part of the dance was at my favourite part in the song. It says, "So fuck you, you can go cry me an ocean," and I did a middle-split jump while holding up my two middle fingers. I knew Patrick would get a good laugh over that. I hoped he liked my dance as much as I liked it. I put a lot of effort into it.