
"Where are you going?" Chris E called to me.
"School" I called back. I sat in my chair across from my tutor and we go to work.
*
The first week continued like that. Patrick and I trying out dance moves and me having to do school work. On the second week, I got to start stunt training. I didn't start my training in the studio like I normally did. Instead, I went straight to the stunt room. Patrick and I did our normal warmup and stretches before we started my stunt training. He introduced me to Joe who was a stuntman and would be working with my for fight scenes. Joe started off with showing me some simple stuff and then pulled out the mats. He had me stand on the mat and asked me if there was anything I could do that could be used in a fight sequence.
"Um, does gymnastics count?" I asked him.
"If you can then yes, yes it does." He backed away and I did a back handspring. I don't think Joe and Patrick were expecting that from me.
"HOLY SH-"
"DON'T YOU DARE!" I cut Patrick off, but he kept smiling and laughing. I ended up showing them a few more moves like cartwheels, round offs, and aerials. After I showed them what I could do, Joe created a simple fight sequence for me. It wasn't much but it was just to get me used to doing fight and stunt work. I ran through the sequence a few times before we called it a day. I spent the rest of the day either dancing, or doing schoolwork and I was relieved to finally be done for the day. I hadn't worked so hard up until then.
Andy drove me back to my hotel and I walked in to see my mom packing away her stuff.
"Mom? What are you doing?"
"I'm going back home"
"Why?"
"I can't stay away from them forever. Plus, you're in good hands and I trust you to handle yourself for a little while. I'll give Robert my room key so if anything happens, he'll be there. You'll be fine, I promise"
"Okay. When will you come back?"
"Not for a little bit, but before your training ends"
"Okay"
My mom left that night and we gave Robert her room key. I was going to miss her a lot, but I knew she couldn't stay away from her family for long. But hey, I got a room to myself and I wouldn't have someone looking over my shoulder 24/7.
Eventually I got ready for bed and played on my phone for a bit. I updated Bianca every night and I updated my mom. I soon got tired and drifted off to sleep.
"Wake up bitch!"
"Grab me another beer!"
"Stop crying you pussy!"
"Do something useful and make me a sandwich!"
"Get off the floor, I ain't done with you yet!"
"You're gonna get it now!"
"Stop screaming! No one's gonna hear you!"
"Look at you, bleeding all over the floor!"
"I should have killed you when I had the chance!"
I woke up to my door being burst open and the sounds of my own screams.
Hey all! Hope you enjoyed this chapter! I honestly don't know when the next chapter will be up because I have my exams coming up, and it will be my first time ever writing an exam so I'm trying to focus on that. Sorry :( But I hope you enjoyed and I love every single one of you! I'm so close to 1k and I'm so excited!! Dedication to Blue_Haired_Emo who has been super supportive and I love her comments!