
I opened my mouth to speak, but nothing came out. Should I do this, I thought. My mouth closed before opening up again, successfully speaking.
"Steve?" My voice barely over a whisper.
"Hmm?" He didn't bother looking up.
"What was my grandfather like?" His head lifted off his fist and a small smile tugged on the corners of his mouth.
"He was rude. Obnoxious. A player. But he had a big heart." He paused for a minute, as if memories were flooding through his head.
"He was proud of your dad. But I know he'd be even more proud of you." He looked me in the eye.
"You think so?"
"I know so."
"And...Cut!"
The take was good enough that we didn't have to do it again. We moved onto filming other scenes that involved the same set. Some were meetings with Fury and others were arriving there for the first time. At the end of the day, we had filmed more scenes than planned and we were ahead on schedule.
The next day, my crutches were gone. My stitches were out and my leg felt as good as new. It got sore after a while, but I was just excited to be back on my feet again. I was starting my first fight scene on a set that was designed to look outdoors. I met Tyler in the hair and makeup trailer and had him put a few cuts to my face. He added fake blood to them, teased my hair a bit, and I was off to put on my costume. I had to wear the red spandex suit, which I was not enthusiastic about, and had the hand pieces of the suit put on. When I was all ready to go, Brendon and I made our way to set. Joe was back with his stunt doubles and we were just waiting for Robert to show up. He was never on time for anything.
When he finally did show up, Joe got us ready for our fight. It was the first one I learned during training and the one I felt most confident about. We got into our starting positions and quickly blocked everything to make sure we knew what space to use. Once we knew what we were doing, we started the scene.
"And...Action!"
The creatures started to come towards me and I shot my arms out, blasting them with my suit. It worked for a bit, until they were becoming too fast for me. They started gaining on me and I wasn't sure how long I could hold them back. My arms were in constant motion, trying to hit every target. But as they continued to inch closer, Tony landed in front of me and set off a large blast, killing them all. More started to come and we were ready to fight. I began using hand to hand combat and threw in a few kicks here and there. One creature got hit square in the face, another I successfully drop kicked, and one got kneed where the sun don't shine.
Soon they were all dead and lying on the ground. Tony and I stood there, trying to catch our breath and looking at the aftermath of our area.
"And...Cut!"
I continued to stand there, catching my breath as the stunt men stood back up. We were all out of breath and Joss let us have a few minutes to breath before filming it all over again. He made us film it a couple more times before we had it down pat. By the end of it, I was completely out of breath. My leg was getting sore, but I wouldn't admit it to anyone. I did what I had to do and if I was a little tired, I did it anyway.
When my first fight scene was done, I was free to get changed into my own clothes. I gladly took off the spandex suit and put on my hoodie and sweatpants. Brendon and I hung out in my trailer for a bit before heading back to my hotel room. I rested my leg for the rest of the night and was too tired to do anything. Eventually, my tiredness took over and I fell fast asleep.