
I wait as I watched some of the crowd leave with their yellow cards. There weren't many of us left, but still quite a few.
"Alright", the man with the clipboard announces.
"We're going to run things the same way we did before. You will all be called in one by one and come out carrying a coloured card. We will start with Alexis Little".
Look at that, I was first. I followed the man back to the room and greeted the crowd again. This time though, we skipped the questions and started with a scene right away. The scene he gave me was an emotional scene. Great.
I put everything I had into the scene with Joss. I think I even shed a few tears. When I was done, Joss handed me another card and asked me to wait in the waiting room.
I walked back to the waiting room, praying that I got the good card again. I sat back down next to my mom and made small talk with the other people in the room.
By the time everyone was finished, it was almost dinnertime, and I was starving. I hoped Joss wouldn't take long.
Another 20 minutes went by, and Joss still didn't say anything yet. How long would this take?!
Finally, the man came back in with his clipboard.
"Okay, so we chose different coloured cards for this time around so you wouldn't know anything yet. This round we chose blue and red".
I looked around the room and saw only a few blue cards. I looked down at my card and sure enough it was blue.
"So if you have a red card, we thank you for coming and we ask that you leave. If you have a blue card, we ask that you stay".
Oh my God! Did he really just say what I thought? I couldn't believe this, how the heck did I get this far?
"We will run things like before, you know the drill".
I wasn't called in first this time, so I had a bit of time to try and calm down. When he called my name, I thought I was ready. But I wasn't ready for what I was about to see.
I walked into the same room again with the same people, but someone new was there. Someone I recognized right away. That someone was Robert Downey Jr.