
Once I was ready, I arrived onto the living room set. Robert was there already talking with Gwyneth and Samuel. I lazily sat on the couch and waited for Joss. He came over and did the usual explaining of the scene. We would be filming a scene where the first battle would have just started. Tony and Fury would be arguing, Pepper would be standing in the background, and I would appear in my suit and fly off. We got into our positions and started the scene.
"And... Action!"
"Stark, we need you to help," Fury demanded.
"I don't care. I helped you out the last time, isn't that enough? You already have the others fighting, they can do it themselves," Tony answered.
"That may be, but you can't just sit back and watch them do all the work. You could at least help a little."
"No, I will sit here. They don't need me and I don't want to. You don't know the after effect it has on us. It's hell and I am not going through that again." Tony and Fury began to argue back and forth and it was hard to understand what they were saying. They were talking over each other and Pepper was trying to break them up.
"I am not going back out there!"
"You don't exactly have a choice!"
I then ran onto the balcony, right in front of them. They hadn't noticed me and were still yelling at each other.
"Hey, I'm gonna be out late. Don't wait up," I called to them. The room fell silent as the slowly turned their heads towards me. Pepper's face was shocked, Fury had a smirk on his, and Tony just couldn't believe what was happening.
"And...Cut!"
We met up with Joss and after a few quick notes, began the scene again.
"And...Action!"
"Stark, we need you to help."
"I don't care. I helped you out the last time, isn't that enough? You already have the others fighting, they can do it themselves."
"That may be, but you can't just sit back and watch them do all the work. You could at least help a little."
"But I don't wanna!" Tony whined like a little kid. Samuel broke character and went into a full on laughing fit. Gwyneth joined and soon I did too.
"Okay, let's try that again," Joss called out, after he finished laughing. We did the scene a couple more times before we moved onto the last bit of it. A crew member called me aside and helped me suit up into a harness. I was wearing the harness so I could actually be brought up in the air as if I was flying. The crew members hooked me up to the rig and I stood in my position. I was instructed on exactly what to do and what not to do. They wanted to test it out a few times first before we did the scene, so they got ready aswell.
"Are you good Alexis?"
"Yup! I'm ready when you are!" I felt the harness being tugged on a bit before it was securely in place.
"Okay, we're good to go in 3, 2, 1!" The rope was pulled and I felt my feet leave the ground. I made sure to stay in the position I was told to and not flail around. My body was straight, and my hands were down at my sides with my palms facing down. I stopped moving when I was out of shot and I dangled there. It was a good thing heights didn't scare me, or else I would have been freaking out.
"How was that?" The crew shouted at me.
"Great!" I called back.