
A/N: The last scene in this chapter is based off of the clip from Avengers: Age of Ultron. This chapter was written before the movie came out so it will follow the clip attached and not the actual scene from the movie.
The last shot of the day was filmed in Tony's lab. We would be filming scenes of me working on building my suit. I took a seat on the stool in front of the workbench and rested my arms on the table. There were tools in front of me that I had no clue how to work. I think one was a solder and another was a welding tool. I really had no idea. A few crew members came over and explained to me what everything was. They gave me very specific instructions on how to use them and the safety behind them. Once I fully understood everything, which took a while, they got me set up with the first tool I would be using. I had to solder two pieces together, but not exactly. They showed me the basics of using it, but I wouldn't actually be using it to fuse metals together. They didn't trust me with that, and honestly I didn't either. I'd probably end up burning the building down somehow.
Once everything was set up and I knew what I was doing, we started the scene.
"And... Action!"
I did exactly as I was told and began to "solder" the metals together. There were multiple cameras around me taking shots from different angles. It was weird to know that there were a bunch of cameras just filming me pretend to work. Like I wasn't even doing anything besides pretending to know what I was doing. The shot only lasted a couple of seconds before Joss cut the scene.
We moved onto the next shot of me welding. I had to wear protective gloves and mask, so I didn't burn myself. Even though I wouldn't actually be welding, there were going to be sparks coming out of it. Right in front of my face. Fun. They gave me very important safety precautions and there were people on standby in case it got too out of hand. Very comforting right?
"And... Action!"
I pretended to work as the sparks flew out in front of me. I avoided looking at them and focused on not burning my hand off. The scene was short again and was soon cut off. We took a couple more shots of me doing things like screwing things into place and using a wrench. Now those I could work without almost harming myself. Once we had enough shots of me working, I was done for the day and free to go home. I quickly ate a late dinner and went back to my hotel room.
*
I arrived on set and had my makeup and hair done again. My costume was different and consisted of a white tank top with a black heart on it, dark grey skinny jeans, and black shoes. I was extremely cold in just the tank top, but didn't complain. Once I was ready, I met Pete in my trailer and we worked for awhile. I was smart to pack a sweater in my trailer so I threw it on overtop. Brendon soon came to get me and we arrived on the living room set. Everyone was dressed in nice clothes, all decked out like they were going out. My costume wasn't as dressed up, but I would rather skinny jeans than a dress.
"What's with the sweater?" Robert asked me. I hadn't realized I was still wearing it and looked down at it.
"Oh, that. I was cold."
"Do you know how warm it is in here?"
"I'm always cold so, no." He rolled his eyes and got into his position. I got into mine sitting behind the bar. Everyone else was on the couches and chairs, or on the floor. As we were getting ready to start, I took my sweater off and threw it to Brendon. A glass of water was put in front of me and the adults were given beer bottles and glasses. They weren't full of real alcohol, thankfully, and were just filled with water or flat pop. I was drinking water in the scene so it didn't really matter.
"And... Action!"