
"Mom, I'm fine!" I complained on the phone.
"You had a nail driven through your leg, you're obviously not fine!" My mom argued.
"I went to the hospital, got stitches, rested, and now it's almost completely healed."
"I thought you said you were on crutches?"
"I use it to walk long distances so I don't strain my leg and hurt it again. I'm honestly fine. I've been taken care of and am resting a lot."
"I'm still not okay with this. You were injured and now you're filming scenes not even a week later?!"
"Only scenes where I'm sitting down doing nothing! I wouldn't be doing it if I wasn't ready."
"If you say you're alright then I'll believe you," She sighed. "But if you're tired or in pain you need to stop and rest!"
"I will, trust me. I'll be okay."
"Alright. I'll talk to you later, bye."
"Bye." I hung up my phone and slouched further into my couch. My mom had been nonstop calling me ever since she heard about the accident. I understood she was worried, but it was getting to a point where she was annoying me.
I lied on the couch for a while, just thinking of whatever popped into my head. First it was song lyrics, then movie lines, and finally food. It lingered in my head for a long time and it was all I could think about. The catering food was good and all, but I hadn't eaten junk food in a while. Okay maybe not that long, but I was still craving it.
"Brendon," I dragged out.
"Yes," He did the same from the booth.
"Can you do me a favour pretty please?"
"Depends on what that favour is."
"Can you get me food?""
"Sure. Steak, chicken, beef? What do you want?"
"Not the food here."
"Oh, then what?"
"Can you get me candy?"
"Fine," He sighed.
"My usual please!"
"Yeah, I know!" He called as he left my trailer. As I waited for my food I watched edits on Vine. Some Avenger ones and some band ones. Bianca had an account as well and was really good at making edits. I wanted to, but hadn't found the time to get the necessary apps and actually learn to make one.
After 20 minutes of scrolling, Brendon came back with my candy.
"Alright, one bag of Reesce's mini's and one bag of Mini Eggs."
"Thank you!"
"Uh-huh." I ripped open the Mini Eggs and started chowing down. Brendon raised his eyebrow at me as I ate.
"It's my favourite!" I argued.
"Oh believe me, I know." I continued to eat until I was called down to set. Brendon and I made our way to the meeting area of the helicarriar. I was filming a quick scene with Evans at the big table. The scene was between the two major battles and took place just before we had to leave.
I sat down in a chair two away from him. He was still in his uniform and had his head rested on his fist against the table.
"And...Action!"
Steve looked exhausted as he sat in his chair. His eyes held sadness as they stared into nothing. I watched him for a few seconds before building up the courage to speak up.