
I arrived at the training centre a couple of minutes early the next day. I was the first one there which meant my plan was still in full swing. I told Patrick the plan and he was all for it. Although the rest of the cast would probably hate me for it, I didn't care. I was ready to make their morning hell.
Tom was the first person to arrive, but he didn't drink too much the night before so we didn't bother with him. Robert, Chris, and Chris however, were REALLY drunk the night before. I watching from the window when I saw them getting out of their cars holding their heads. Patrick and I took our places in the studio and our door was left wide open. When the three of them walked in, we began to tap. Loudly.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" Chris E groaned.
"Really? Today you decide to do this?" Robert sighed.
I just laughed and continued on with my tapping. We did this for the rest of the hungover cast and their reactions were no better. They all hated us, which was expected. I even got flipped off by Samuel. Oh well, I had fun. Once everyone had started their training, we stopped tapping and moved onto other things. I heard multiple "oh thank God" and "finally" coming from everyone. I laughed it off and continued my training with Patrick.
"Okay, so you told me you were a dancer. But I want to see what level you're at" Patrick explained to me. "Can you do pirouettes?"
I nodded and demonstrated a triple pirouette without stumbling or losing my balance. He seemed a bit stunned, but impressed.
"Nicely done. How about fouettés?"
I nodded again and did 4 fouetté turns, but added a double stag at the end to make it more fun for me.
"HOLY SHIT!" Patrick yelled.
"What happened!"
"THAT!"
"That?"
"Yes that! You didn't say you could do that!"
"I said I was a dancer"
"Yeah but normally when people say they are a dancer, they really only take dance lessons and suck"
"Oh, well that really wasn't much"
"Then show me something else"
I did a attitude jump and I managed to do it perfectly. Patrick looked more stunned than before.
"HOLY FUCKING SHIT!" He yelled. Clark then appeared in the doorway.
"What's all the yelling about?" He asked.
"Watch" Patrick replied. I did the move again and now Clark had the same expression on his face.
"HOLY FUCKING SHIT!" He yelled.
"What's all the yelling about?" Chris H then appeared.
"Watch her" Clark replied.
"Wait, let me get the rest of them" Chris interrupted. I threw my hands up in frustration as he called everyone in to see me. I didn't get what the big deal was.
"What are we watching?" Robert asked.
"Alexis" Clark replied. Everyone's attention turned to me and I turned to Patrick.
"Which one?" I sighed.
"Both" he smiled.
I started off with 4 fouettés and then a double stag. I went straight into chaine turns and an attitude jump. I landed perfectly and everyone had the same reaction that I got before. I looked over at Patrick and he motioned his head towards the door, which meant I had to go to school work. I squeezed past them in the doorway and started walking to the lounge.