
Bianca:C'mon, c'mon, with everything falling down around meI'd like to believe in all the possibilities
Both:C'mon, c'mon, with everything falling down around meI'd like to believe in all the possibilities (x2)
Bianca:It's getting late and I, cannot seam to find my way home tonight.
I played the last note and we finished. She stood up and went to grab something that was on the shelf. When she took it down, I realized instantly what she did. She videotaped the whole thing.
"Why did you videotape it?!"
"So we can upload it."
"No! You are not uploading that!"
"Why not?"
"Cause I'm singing in it! I'd be fine if it was just me playing the piano or something but not singing."
"Oh c'mon! Please?"
"...fine." She quickly went to her laptop and plugged the camera in. While it was downloading the video, we jammed out to other songs to pass the time.
*
Robert left the next day and I did the same the day after. I repacked my bags and made sure to bring everything I would need. Once I had everything, I said goodbye to my family again and flew back to set. Instead of flying back to New York, I was headed to Cleveland. We were done with the set in New York and were filming in Cleveland with new sets. Everyone else was already there and had started filming the day before.
Andy was there when I got off and he drove me to my new hotel. It was pretty much the same as before. Just an average hotel room, nothing fancy. I unpacked my things and fell asleep waiting to start shooting on the new set.
I woke up at the normal time, not happy at all. I had gotten used to sleeping in that I wasn't prepared to be up that early. The alarm clock wouldn't shut up until I woke up so I really didn't have a choice. Once I was up, I got ready and left with Andy to the new set.
The set was much bigger than the one in New York and had the same set up. All of our trailers were there, in the same order, and the catering room was next to it. I walked into the hair and makeup trailer and sat in my usual seat. Tyler started to do my makeup and added a few cuts here and there. My hair was curled and left down. When he was done, I moved into the wardrobe room. I was given my costume to change into and was then free to go. My costume was blue jeans, dark blue tank top, blue plaid shirt, and converse.
Since I was graduated, I no longer had to do schoolwork on set. I was free to lounge around whenever I had a chance. Brendon took me to the set right away instead of my trailer. We were filming scenes on the helicarrier and in the lab. I arrived on the lab set and waited to begin the scene. Robert and Mark soon showed up and Joss quickly went through the scene with us. I would be working at a desk while them two were working with the hologram. For the time being, they were working on either a green screen or air. Whatever they were working on would later be added in.
We got into our positions and got ready to start the scene.
"And...Action!"
I sat at the desk twirling a pen with my fingers. My elbow was rested on the table and supported my head. Tony and Bruce were doing their own thing and being all sciency. They would tap at their screens and converse about their research. I wasn't paying any attention to them and stayed focused on my pen.
"Summer?" Tony called out.