
A/N: The scene at the end is, again, based off of the earlier clip and not the actual scene from the movie. Sorry for any inconveniences.
I arrived at the usual time and had my hair and makeup done. My makeup was the same as always and my hair was put up into a ponytail. My costume was my first outfit, but with dots all over it. Looked like I would be using my suit in scenes that day. Once I was ready, I worked for a bit in my trailer before heading to the lab set.
The scene took place before I showed up in front of an arguing Tony and Fury. I would rush into the lab and have my suit put on me. When I arrived on set, I was shown the movements I had to do for the suit. Everything had to be exact in order for the CGI to work.
I had a harness hooked up to me and I stood in position. They showed me what movements I would do in the air and when it would happen. When I understood what to do, we did a few test runs.
"Okay, we're good to go in 3, 2, 1!" I started my movements and stuck out my right hand. The hand piece would fly onto it and I jerked my arm back as if it was on. I repeated this with my other arm and I got ready for my legs. The rope pulled me up as the pieces would fly on and my body moved from side to side. Next was the chest piece and when it would attach onto me, my body was flown back a bit. After the suit was completely on my body, the helmet would go overtop of my head and I would fly off.
"And we're good! Letting you down in 3, 2, 1!" They let me down in my starting spot and I landed softly.
"How was that?" They called down to me.
"Good!" I gave them a thumbs up. They returned the gesture and I waited for Joss to be ready. When he was, we were good to start.
"And... Action!"
I repeated the same movements as before and remembered to do them exactly as I was told. My body jerked back and forth as the pieces would attach on me. When the chest piece latched on, I was moved backwards and I made an 'oof' sound as it made impact. I continued to hover around until the final piece of the suit would be put on. When it did, I stabled myself and was pushed forward. I made myself look like I was pushing myself forward and stopped when I was out of shot.
"And... Cut!"
I was slowly pulled back into my starting spot and was let down. Joss came over and gave me a few notes on what else I could do to show that the pieces were attaching onto me. I made a mental note of what he said and remembered to use them during the next takes. We got into position and started it all over again. I remembered what Joss told me and used it in my movements. When the scene was done, I was brought back to my starting spot again. Before the crew let me down, I flattened my body out and spread out my arms and legs. As I was being let down, I started to sing the Mission Impossible theme song. I sang until I hovered above the floor, inches from my face.
"I'm in," I mumbled, making the crew above me laugh. I put my feet on the floor and stood up straight. There was laughter off to the side and when I looked over, I saw the behind the scenes camera video taping me. I struck a ninja pose and it cut off. That better go on the bloopers, I thought.
We did the scene a couple more times until Joss was satisfied with it. The crew unhooked me from the harness and I went back to my trailer. I ate lunch, worked on subjects with Pete, and then had to go change my costume. My spotted outfit was switched with my tank top and skinny jeans. Tyler took out my ponytail and touched up my makeup. Once I was ready, I went to the living room set. We were finishing up the scene with Thor's hammer. James Spader was there to film his part as Ultron. He was in a spandex type suit like the one I had to wear for my photoshoot. There was a pole on his back with a silver ball hanging overtop of his head. The ball was so we would know where to look so it looked real with the CGI.