
I was a bit more reluctant to wake up the next day, but still did without a complaint. 6:00 was way too early in the morning to be doing anything. I got ready and met Andy outside. We arrived at the soundstage and I got ready. My hair, makeup, and outfit were the exact same as the day before. So because it was easier, I was finished early. With my extra time, I went to my trailer and Pete started my schoolwork.
"Morning Pete."
"Morning. Ready for some work?"
"No, but sure." He began an easy lesson to start off the day. It was grammar work and it was something that I was good at. In the time we had, I managed to complete all of it right before I had to go to set. Brendon came and got me when it was time and I followed him onto a different set. Instead of the living room, we were in Tony's lab. Robert and I would be filming a scene together and I was kinda scared for that scene. It wasn't like the day before where we were around each other and fine with it. We would be screaming at each other and be frustrated. I would have to get all emotional and I wasn't looking forward to it.
Robert soon arrived and before I knew it, Joss was telling us what to do. Tony would be working in his lab when I came in and showed him blueprints. After a few lines, it turned into a heated argument resulting in me leaving in tears. We got into our starting positions and waited to start. He was sitting at his workbench and I was waiting outside the glass door.
"And...Action!"
Tony was tinkering with his machines and grumbling. I waited a couple seconds before I walked up to the door and punched in the password. The door unlocked and I opened it. I walked in and stood in front of his workbench.
"What." He growled, not even bothering to look up at me. I hesitated a bit before speaking to him.
"I um, was working on um, something. I thought you might like it." I unrolled the blueprints in my hand and held it out to him. He ripped it out of my hand and quickly scanned over it, not bothering to read any of it.
"No. Keep trying." He threw it back at me and I became frustrated. I clenched my fists and set my jaw.
"No."
"What did you just say to me?" He stopped his work and glared at me.
"No. I think this would be useful to you and that it doesn't need any more work."
"Yes it does. Now get out, I don't want to see you in here anymore."
"When do you? You never want to see me! I'm your daughter for crying out loud!" My voice raised, before reaching a yell.
"No, I don't. I really don't! I don't care if your my daughter, just be thankful I'm letting you stay here! Now get out!" He screamed.
"I hate you," I growled and left his workshop. Tony sighed and went back to his work.
"And...Cut!" I joined Robert and Joss in the workshop for notes and sat on the workbench. Joss told us to add more emotion. The scene wasn't fitting right and we had to get on each others nerves more. We got back into our starting positions and did the scene again and again. Each time we did it, there was more emotion. But never enough. After getting told to add more again, Robert called me over.
"Don't follow the script."
"What?"
"Change your lines. Just say whatever you feel you need to say. I guarantee it will be enough."
"Okay," I replied and went back to my spot.
"And...Action!"
Tony grumbled as he worked with his machines. I walked through the door and stood before him.