
The next day, we were back to training. I was in the studio with Patrick waiting for Robert to show up. We were sitting on the ground and just joking around when Robert finally decided to come.
"You're late" I stated.
"Yeah, yeah, whatever. Let's get this over with." He sat down with us and we all spaced out. Patrick led us in stretches, making sure to simplify it for Robert. Once we were stretched, we stood up and Patrick and I put our tap shoes on. Patrick brought an extra pair for Robert and he reluctantly put them on. I don't think he liked the fact that he made noise wherever he walked. Patrick asked Robert to demonstrate what he could do and when he did, I wasn't expecting that much from him. He could actually do tap moves and do them well. Teaching him a tap dance wouldn't be as hard as I thought it would be.
Patrick started to teach us the dance and it wasn't that difficult. The dance was only 20-30 seconds long and was only supposed to be for fun in the scene. Robert could now do flaps, shuffles, and scuffles. It may not have been much, but the dance still looked good. I got to show off some wings and pullbacks as well as the same moves as Robert. After almost an hour and a half, the dance was finished and polished. We were done in the studio and Robert looked dead.
"You do this every day?! He asked me.
"Pretty much, yeah."
"I never knew dance was this intense."
"The dance wasn't really that intense, but whatever you say." He just glared at me and headed to wherever he had to go. I carried on with my training for the day and I started up my schoolwork again after a few days off. School wasn't my favourite part of the day and Mr. Wood wasn't my favourite teacher. He was strict and wouldn't let me joke around. I wasn't even allowed to listen to music while I did my work. He said it distracted me, but I think he just didn't like my taste in music. I only had him as my tutor for the rest of the month. Even though I still had school for the first month of training, Mr. Wood wasn't able to be on set. A new tutor would be assigned to me and I would work with them until school ended.
The rest of the week carried on the same way and we were back into our routines. The next week I had to visit the set to work on some things. When I arrived on the first day, I was blown away. It was a large soundstage that was divided into different sections. Each section had a different set and some had either a green or blue screen behind it. I was led to the section that held the Stark Tower set. There was Tony's workshop, the lounge, and lastly my bedroom. I met Joss in my empty bedroom and he introduced me to a few set designers. I would talk with them and plan out how I wanted my room. They gave me a list of things that they already for my room. The list included a bed, a desk, a bedside table, and other miscellaneous things. I walked around the room and started to think of how I wanted it to look. I was given a blank piece of paper and I started to write down my ideas. I knew I wanted the bed rested in the corner opposite of the door. The bedside table would be next to it and the desk on the opposite wall. On the backside of the paper, I made a list of what I wanted in my room. It included band posters, books, and lots of pillows and blankets. When I finished the list, I handed it to the set designers for their confirmation. They said they would set up my room with everything on my list and we moved onto our last set of designing.
The last part I had to pick out was my room colour. Picking a room colour seems easy, but it took me longer to decide than anything else. I was torn between two ideas: black and white, and light purple. Black and white was more modern, but it was really dark. Light purple was brighter, but too girly for my liking. The set designers were trying to help me decide and were coming up with different ideas. I was about to stick with one of them when I had an idea. What if my walls were the colour of the arc reactor? The set designers liked my idea and we agreed to paint it like the arc reactor.