
The rest of the day went by quickly. Mr. Wood gave me a map of Canada, which I proudly got perfect on, and remarked my english. My training was getting me ready to start more intense training and I was going to start dance the next day. My driver, Andy, drove me back to my hotel and I changed into non-sweaty clothes. I wore a sweater with 'GEEK' written across it and you guessed it, black leggings. I was spending the rest of my night relaxing when I got a text from Robert.
Come to the lobby
Why?
Just come
K
Don't you k me
K.
Did you just k. me?
...maybe
Just come already
I didn't answer him and told my mom what was happening. She agreed to me going and I put on my red converse. I took the elevator and went into the lobby. Robert, Chris E, Clark, Jeremy, Mark, Tom, and Samuel were already waiting there. I walked up to them and stood next to Robert. He sensed my presence and used my head as an armrest. I didn't say anything to him and just stood there with an arm on my head.
"You don't seem phased" he finally acknowledged me.
"I'm used to it"
"Oh so you don't mind?" Tom chimed in. He came to the other side of me and put his arm on my head. I still didn't move but felt the pressure of two men's arms resting on my head. Jeremy then decided that two arms weren't enough and came up behind me. He rested his elbows on top of their arms. I had four arms on me. Clark came in front of us with his phone ready to take a picture.
"Smile!" I fake pouted and I assume they smiled behind/beside me. They took their arms off of me and I could finally move my head. The rest of the cast made their way to the lobby and we went to the restaurant in the hotel. We sat down at one long table and I sat between Robert and Tom. Chris E was across from me with Mark and Chris H. Everyone was settling in and I sat there quietly. I'm the type of person who has to be doing something so my feet started to swing. It wasn't hard to swing my legs considering I couldn't even touch the floor. I continued to swing my legs back and fourth but I accidentally kicked something. I didn't know whether I kicked Chris or the table leg.
"Ow!" Apparently I kicked Chris.
"Sorry"
"Why are you swinging your legs?"
"'Cuz I am." Good answer Alexis.
"How are you swinging your legs so much? Aren't they getting stuck on the floor...you can't touch the floor can you?"
"...no" I sighed. He peeked under the table and came up laughing.
"It's not funny!" I whined.
"Yes it is"
"No it's not!"
"How tall are you anyway?" I didn't want to answer him. I was really short for my age.
"Come on it can't be that bad"
" 4' 8"" I mumbled, but not quiet enough.
"Holy shit you're small!"
"Yeah I know!"
"Wait, how much do you weigh then?" I didn't want to answer that one either.
"You're like what, 110? 105?"
"90"