
"What exactly did I cut my leg on?"
"I think they said there was a nail sticking out of the dirt."
"Oh, lovely."
Near the end of lunch, I went to the set where we were shooting the night before. I stood over the spot where it happened and was surprised to see that the nail was still there. Before I left the hotel, I grabbed an empty bottle and shoved it into my purse. I took the bottle out and scooped the nail into it, sealing the cap. Not to be gross, but my blood was still on it and for some reason I thought that was cool.
I put the bottle back in my purse so I could keep it as a memory. After I was done, I made my way over to Brendon. We stayed to watch them film a few scenes before I became too tired. When I did, we made our way back to the hotel where I fell asleep instantly.
The next day was special for me. Joss agreed that because I wouldn't be able to film for at least a week, Bianca was allowed to come down and stay with me. She didn't know about my injury and would probably be happy that we could spend time together, instead of watching me film all day.
Andy drove me to the airport and waited with me while her plane landed. We watched as everyone got off the plane and greeted their families. I noticed a familiar head bopping through the crowd and I knew she was there.
"Sherlock!"
"Watson! I'm so happy to see y-" She stopped moving and stared at me.
"Are you seriously injured already?"
".....no"
She shrugged and hugged me. After collecting her bags, we drove to the hotel and got settled in. My room still had two beds in it, so we were able to each have our own. After getting her stuff all unpacked, we ordered room service and hung out in our room.
"So how exactly did you hurt your leg?" She asked while shoving pizza in her mouth.
"We were doing a scene where I got shoved back at one point. But I lost my balance and fell, landing on a nail. Then as I scurried back, it drove through my calf. I have the nail, wanna see?!"
"Uh, sure?" I dug through my bag until I found the bottle. I held it up and handed it to her.
"This is, weirdly cool."
"I know right?" She gave me the bottle back and I left it aside.
"So what happened after grad?"
"Not much really. We didn't have any work to do so we just got to do whatever. Then on the last day of school, all the populars were balling their eyes out. Crying 'I'm going to miss you all so much. Omg, I love you all' while I was just like 'Fuck all y'all'."
"Seems about right."
"Yeah, I'm just happy it's over with. Now we get to go to high school!"
"Finally! Freedom is mine!"
"Now enough about school, I posted the video" She smirked.
"Oh no, please no. What happened?"
"So far, all positive comments!"
"Seriously?!"
"Yup! People really seemed to like it, even your voice."
"How?!"
"I don't know, ask the people."
"No thanks."
We continued to chat throughout the night and ate a bunch of junk. My trainer wouldn't be too happy, but who said he had to know? When all of my food was gone, and I mean all of it, we got ready for bed. I promised her that I would take her to set the next day and then go out shopping. I wasn't looking forward to shopping, but if it meant I got time to spend with my best friend then I was all for it.