
"What." He growled again.
"I um, was working on um, something. I thought you might like it." I handed him the blueprint and he didn't even look at it. He just threw it back at me.
"No. I don't need to see this."
"No."
"What did you just say to me?"
"No. This could be useful to your suit. Maybe even new technology."
"I don't need advice from you. Now get out, I don't want to see you right now."
"When do you? You never want to see me! I'm your daughter for crying out loud!" My voiced raised into a yell.
"I don't care! I don't care if your my daughter, just get out!"
"Why do you treat me like this? You act as if you hate me!" I could feel the tears forming in my eyes, threatening to fall down my face.
"This is how I was treated as a child! Don't like it? Well I didn't either!"
"If you didn't like it, why are you doing the same thing! You say you hate your dad so much? Then why are you exactly like him?!"
"YOU SON OF A BITCH!" He shot up and roared.
"HELL YES I AM!" I screamed even louder. I couldn't help but think that I truly was a son of a bitch. My father abused me and treated me like shit, and I was his daughter. The tears were streaming down my face as I thought of my real father.
"Get out!"
"Gladly!" I stormed over to the door and opened it. As I walked out, I slammed the door as hard as I could. I could hear glass shatter behind me as I walked away, but I just assumed Tony smashed something.
"And...Cut." The tears were still streaming down my face and had no plans of stopping. I turned around to see that the glass I heard shattering was the door I slammed. I tried to laugh at what I did, but I was too upset to do so. The shattered glass was all over the floor, making me have to walk around it. I walked to the workbench and sat on it, keeping my head down the entire time. A pair of arms wrapped around me and held me. I looked up at Robert who had tears down his face as well. I hugged him back and we stayed like that until our tears were gone. Soon we let go and I put my head up. Joss was watching us with a sad look on his face.
"Please say we got that." I said, trying to laugh.
"Yes, yes we did. And it was perfect." I smiled and wiped the remaining tears out of my eyes.
"What's next?" I asked him.
"Did you want to do your bedroom scene now? Or save it for tomorrow?"
"No I'll do it today." It would probably be best if I did it then anyway, since I was already in a crying state. The crew set everything up in front of my bedroom and I met Joss inside. The scene came after the one we just filmed. I would walk in and basically just trash the room. Then I would have a few lines with J.A.R.V.I.S, with a crew member off to the side saying his lines. Simple enough, but I had to keep my sadness and frustration from before. So as I waited to start, I kept telling myself that I was a son of a bitch inside my head. That was enough to keep the tears and I was ready to start. I stood outside the door and waited to go.
"And... Action!"
I flew the door open and slammed it behind me. I stood there for a second, breathing heavily before I started my destruction. Everything on my desk was swiped off, crashing to the floor. Decorations on my nightstand and dresser were picked up and thrown. Items on the ground were kicked into various directions. I continued to throw everything in my way, until I suddenly stopped. A picture of Tony sat on a shelf, staring at me. In one swift movement, I picked up the frame and whipped it across the room, letting out a frustrating yell. The frame was broken into pieces, but the picture was still in tact. I stormed over to where the picture fell and furiously grabbed it. I held it in front of my face before ripping it to shreds. I looked around the room and slid down the nearest wall.