
"Yup!" I opened the door and walked inside. It was a fairly sized store and had many different kinds of instruments on display. The first section was racks and racks of cd's. The next one was small equipment like guitar picks, reeds, and drumsticks. At the back of the store was all of the instruments. There were guitars hanging on the walls and on stands, clarinets and flutes on display, and a few pianos. What caught my eye though was the drum set in the corner. I walked over to it and Robert slowly followed. I actually played many instruments, drums being one of them. Bianca played some too and we had always talked about doing covers of songs and posting them on Youtube. But we never got around to it. I picked up the drumsticks and as I was sitting down, an employee rushed over to us with a nervous smile on his face.
"Um, miss? Might I interest you in something easier? Like a drum pad or snare drum?"
"No, I'm fine"
"Yes, but you see, this is a very extreme instrument an-" I ignored him and started to hit the kick drum. He looked a bit stunned and even more so when I actually started to play. As Brendon Urie would say, I was tappin' the skins, playin' the skins, and killin' these bitches. I was having a lot of fun and Robert seemed to be enjoying it too. I think he videotaped me at one point. When I finished, I quietly stood up, rested the drumsticks on the stool, and walked over to the small equipment section. I picked out a pair of drumsticks and walked up to the counter. The employee was still glued to his spot so I rung the bell at the desk. He quickly came behind the counter and I paid. Robert and I left and continued to walk through New York.
*
The last day of photoshoots was group shots. I looked exactly the same as I did the day before and everyone was in their superhero costumes. We all stood in front of the white background and were positioned where the cameraman wanted us. I was in the front, big surprise, and had Scarlett to the left of me. Chris E was on the other side of me with Robert a bit behind him. Jeremy was a bit behind Scarlett and Mark and Chris H were in the back. We posed as our characters and faced the camera. I extended my right arm like I did in my solo shot and basically did what I did before. The camera clicked a couple of times before we changed positions. This repeated a couple of times until the cameraman was satisfied. When we were cleared, that completed our photoshoot and we were back to training the next day. I got changed and got into the car with Andy. He drove me back to the hotel and I went up to my room. It was only 3:00 p.m so I called Bianca on Skype.
"Heyo"
"Yo"
"How'd the photoshoot go?"
"Pretty good. My suit's uncomfortable though"
"Oh well, get used to it I guess"
"I'm gonna have to"
"When are you coming home?"
"The week of grad"
"Okay good! We need to film some covers soon"
"Yeah, what have you been thinking?"
"I only have two so far but "20 Dollar Nose Bleed" and "Fix You". What about you?"
"Um, "Northern Downpour" and "C'mon". That's all I got"
"Okay I'll start working on those and we'll record them when you FINALLY come home"
"Haha okay. Now what have I missed?"
Bianca filled me in on everything I missed and we talked for the rest of the night. I really missed her and I couldn't wait to see her next. It was hard being away from her for so long. We eventually had to hang up and I checked in with my mom like I did every night. Ince she was reassured I was fine, I plugged my headphones in and let my music sing me to sleep.