
The next morning I woke up at 9:30. Great, only an hour to get ready. I quickly hopped into the shower and got dried off. I changed into a pink t-shirt and black leggings. I brushed through my dark brown hair and left it down, as always. When I finished getting ready, I checked the time and it read 10:15. I had 15 minutes to kill. I spent that time checking my facebook and twitter. At 10:28, I slipped my red converse and my side purse on and waited for Robert to arrive.
Robert and his wife arrived at exactly 10:30. I climbed into the backseat of the car and Robert started to drive off.
"Morning mini me, how'd you sleep?" Robert asked me.
"Good morning father. I slept as well as I could in a hotel bed" I answered him.
"Good to hear. I'd like you to meet my wife, Susan"
"Hello Alexis, it's nice to finally meet you. Robert has told me so much about you" Susan greeted me as she stuck out her hand.
"It's such an honour to meet you Mrs.Downey" I replied to her while shaking her hand.
"Please, call me Susan"
"Okay Susan"
I chatted with Susan for the rest of the car ride. We soon arrived at a café with the rest of the cast. We got out of the car and walked inside the café. Robert and Susan walked in first, while I quietly followed. Most of the cast were already there and a few were seated down. Robert and Susan continued to walk and joined a few of the cast members, leaving me standing there. Well, I thought, this is awkward. Or should I say, Hawkward. Chris Evans seemed to notice me standing there and walked over to me.
"Alexis, what are you doing?" He questioned me.
"Um, standing here" I replied, unsure of what to say.
"Do you want to come and sit with me?"
"Sure"
I followed Chris to where he was sitting and sat down in the seat next to him. Across the table from us was Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston. They both smiled at me and I smiled back at them.
"It's nice to see you again Alexis" Chris Hemsworth greeted me.
"It's nice to see you too Chris" I replied.
Tom greeted me next and shook my hand. He asked me how I was and I replied with a simple good.
"So, Alexis" Chris H said to me. "I didn't have the chance to get to know you yesterday"
"Well, I'm 13 years old, but will be 14 in a couple of months. I'm fro-"
"Wait! Don't tell them!" Chris E almost shouted.
"Why not?" I questioned him.
"I wanna see if they can guess" he grinned. Chris H and Tom had a 'seriously' look on their faces, but started to guess anyway.
"Detroit?"
"Nope"
"Washington?"
"Nope"
"New York?"
"Nada"
"At least tell me what state you live in" Chris H cried out.
"I don't live in a state" I simply stated.
"What do you mean you don't live in a state? You can't live in America without living in a state?" Chris sounded really confused. I can't believe they haven't figured it out.
"I never said I lived in America." A look of realization washed over Chris and Tom's faces. Now they figured it out.