
This is my first book so please ignore and grammar mistakes :)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
RILEYS POV.
'And for the next fight can we have Parker against Bennet'
Around me I can see Bennett emerge from the crowd he was a tall buff guy who was known as one of the best fighters besides me. I wrapped the tape around my knuckles to protect them. I walked up to the ring that was created and everyone on the sidelines was placing bets in who would win. This wasn't my first fight after my parents abandoned me when I was ten I basically grew up on the streets with fights and betting. Two guys Carter and James , brothers who where two years older than me took me in and I've lived with them for the past seven years.
'You ready little girl' sneered Bennet.
'Yeah ready to kick your ass' I retorted.
I've never fought against Bennett before but I've been on the streets for ages and around here I'm the legend on the street I'm known for defeating everyone that I come to face. And most of its true. I was taught by Carter and John who also street fight with me. And over the years I can now beat anyone. This guy was about to get his ass handed to him. He may have muscles but I have speed.
Bennett came up to me with a right hook to my jaw but as it was about to make contact with my face I grabbed his hand and pushed it to the side giving me enough time to make a blow to his stomach which winded him. As Bennett was tryin to regain his breath I round house kicked him to the head successfully knocking him out.
Cheers went up around me as everyone was collecting their bets on me who'd one the fight while others jaws were on the ground not believing that a seventeen year old girl could beat a buff looking guy.
I walked up to the bar to collect my winnings from Jim.
'Hey Riley you definitely did well on defeating Bennett I thought he would of had you.' Jim said.
'Awww Jim I'm touched and offended that you didn't think I could take him on you've seen what I can do.' I replied.
'I sure have Riley your probably the most frequent fighter we have here and have had the most winnings.' He stated,
'Thanks Jim for the money and all but I gotta go.' I said as I waved.
I turned around to be faced with my two best friends Carter and James.
'Damn Riley you really did well tonight.' Said Carter while giving me a hug.
'Yeah we are so proud of you Riles takin him down without almost a sweat.' Said James.
Suddenly there were sirens echoing through the club and voices through megaphones saying it was the police.
'Crap guys we gotta go guys' I said as I grabbed James and Carter. We rushed through a vacant exit that led into a deserted alley. We ran to the end and out onto the street. As we ran a cop rounded behind us with its car sirens blaring. I knew that we were never gonna make it home so to prevent Carter and James from going back to jail I took a sharp turn and hoped the cop would follow me.
To my pleasure the cop followed me instead of the guys, at least they were safe I owed them that for taking me in for all these years although it broke my heart at the thought of not seeing them again. I was now at the end of the alley and it was a dead end with nowhere else to go. When I looked around I saw the cop get out of the car and coming towards me. He was tall but built with a tan and brown eyes. He came forward and took my hand roughly behind my back and handcuffed them then I was put in the back of the