
That tramp!
I should have seen this coming! How could I be so dumb! Well okay, fine, I did think about it. I did consider it. I can't believe that I have no one to trust anymore!
I look into the window of the gas station looking for something, anything to reassure me or comfort me. I don't know what I was expecting to see but My eyes started to fill with hot tears.
I saw the black hair stranger through the blur of my stupid tears. He had put his phone down and was looking at me. Did he know what just happened? Seeing him made the tears stop for just a minute.
I speed walked away trying to hide my face. My vision started to get more blurry from the tears, they just didn't stop. I didn't let myself let out a sob. And of course with my clumsy trait, I toppled over a trash can. Great. Just what I need.
"Oh my god! Olivia! Are you okay?"
I couldn't help it anymore. I wasn't okay. I was never okay. I let it out. The tears weren't a few they were all over the place. It was literally a waterfall on my face. I have no idea where all this water came from!
"Olivia!" It was him.
"Are you okay?" It was her.
"Get away from me. We are over. Both of you. I never want to see you two ever again!" I screamed not caring who hears. It doesn't matter anymore. It never matter. You know what I'm too fucking pissed off and upset to think about anything. I just want to go die in a cold corner with pizza. "You betrayed me and I'll never trust anyone again! You're horrible. I didn't even do anything to deserve this! Don't touch me!"
I get up from the wet, hard ground and just walk away. I didn't look back. I was never going to trust any one ever again. I whipped my tear stained cheeks and tucked my hair behind my ears. I tried to keep my chin up but I was unable to. My head hung to my chest and I just walked...
"Ooft"
Not another trash can.
But it wasn't. It was that guy. His dark eyes on mine. He didn't say anything, he didn't have to because I could read his face for the first time since I met him. He was sorry.
Author's Note:
Forget what hurt you, but never forget what it taught you.