
Olivia's POV
Marcus and I have been dating for two months now. It was the beginning of March and the cold winter was fading away. I like the spring. It's when everything is happy.
Except it was a rainy afternoon on a Saturday and I was planning to met up with Marcus to go to the park and hang out. In the rain. Just the two of us.
I walk blankly around the corner of the gas station; where we are supposed to meet. I stand next to the wet brick building. With my light blue rain coat protecting me. The cars whizzing by splashing up water. Overhead there was birds flying flawlessly through the rain and wind. I wonder why they are flying in the rain. They should be smart enough to know better.
I check my phone; 10:40. We planned to meet at 10:30. I even came late. He's been late to meeting me places. I don't have the guts to ask why but I should.
He hasn't been talking to me much either. When I text him it's only for 2 minutes then he has to go like always. He doesn't tell me what he has to do, he just goes. I know I should be concerned but maybe I'm just overthinking everything.
I try to think positive saying to myself that he's hanging out with his friends. I keep telling myself this to convince myself. He tells me he loves me every day and kisses me on the cheek when we say goodbye to got to our next class. I have nothing to worry about, right?
I check my phone again; 10:46. He's still not here. Maybe I should text him.
Me: hey you okay? Where are you?
I send the text not expecting to hear anything. And I didn't. I counted the cars that passed by making the water splash every time. People started to look at me and question me if I was okay.
"I'm okay, thanks for asking."
This wasn't the first time Marcus was late to meet me here. So the people that worked at the gas station and went in regularly knew me. One of the guys that worked there came out this time. He had thick, black or maybe it was really dark brown, curly hair and had his nose pierced. At first glance he looked scary. I wanted to run when he started walking towards me.
My heart started pounding when I met his eyes. His dark eyes, even from afar. It felt like my heart was in my throat and would pop out at any moment. I found it hard to swallow and awkwardly tried to act normal. Like it was that easy.
"Waiting for someone?" He asked taking out a cigarette.
I didn't mind him smoking. My dad smoked too but not often. I didn't mind the smell of the smoke but you would never catch me holding one of those dreadful things in between my fingers.
"Yeah." I said crossing my arms and looking at him. "Why'd you come out?and why do you care?"
He shuffled his body and leaned against the wet building not caring if it got him wet. "You looked lonely." He said cooly. He reminded me of those cool kids that sit in the back of the room that everyone dislikes because they are different. His thick hair covered his eyes but he pushed them out of the way and he caught me staring.
"I know what you're thinking," he said swallowing making his Adam's apple bob up and down "Why doesn't he get it cut?"
I shift my own feet. Wondering what I'm supposed to say to that. "What?" Was the only thing that came out.
"My hair." He said with a husky voice.
"Oh." I said and smiled. I don't know why I smiled. It wasn't because it was funny and it wasn't because I was happy. I just smiled. Plus I really didn't really think he should cut it to be honest. It just needs... More styling. And maybe a comb. It was just.. Long and untamed. But it was okay. Confused? I apologize for my logic. That's Olivia logic for you.