
I tried to swallow the lump that developed in my throat since I was yelling at her. They both looked at me expressionlessly.
"Marcus, this is a girl's bathroom," I spoke into the silence. He only nodded at me and turned back to aid Kailey.
Was Marcus secretly a girl?
It, still, stung me to see him so close to her. It almost reminded me of Liam and... I. Marcus spoke to Kailey like she was a child. He caressed her hair smoothly like she was his own daughter who came home from school.
Suddenly Kailey starts coughing and gagging. Marcus looked calm as ever while I stood there in the corner hyperventilating. Was she dying in the bathroom, the school bathroom? Gross!
She ran into one of the stalls and out came the lunch that she just ate nearly 10 minutes ago.
Was the sight of me really that bad?
"No, you dork,"
I wasn't expecting an answer since I thought it was in my head. But Marcus heard, and responded. I'm sure Kailey heard too. Kailey came out of the stall with her red velvet hair in a very messy ponytail. She wiped her mouth and looked at me, worried.
"You can't tell anyone," she whispered.
"Tell anyone what?" I question. "That you just threw up? I'm good with not even thinking about it."
I saw a slight curl on her lips and she said, "It's not that."
She grabbed my hand and my eyes widened. Was she going to kill me? In the bathroom? The school bathroom? Gross! No one would find me, no one uses this stupid one next to the teacher's lounge!
Instead of killing me, she places my hand on her stomach, looked at me gently in the eyes and spoke, "It's this."
• • •
"Where's Liam?"
I charged out of the bathroom, out of the school, and out into the neighborhood. The school wouldn't come find me and make me come back to school. I'd have to miss 3 classes for them to realize I'm not there.
I just needed to get out of... Everything. I needed someone to tell me that it's going to be okay. I needed someone to lift me up effortlessly. I needed Liam.
I walked; I sprinted down streets that I hoped lead to where I was going. This was ridiculous. Why was I even doing this? I was stupid to leave school just to go where I'm not wanted.
"Honey," she started. She swallowed and shrugged before speaking again.
I ran down Chestnut Street checking each and every number on the houses. My legs felt like they weren't there anymore, I was running so fast that I didn't even have to try.
"I haven't seen him since he was at your house."
"But that was a week ago," I breathed. "You have to know where he is. I need him." That last sentence I muttered to myself but she heard.
Liam's foster mom shook her head, "I'm sorry, you're the only one that knows him well."
I only stared at her. Of course I knew I was the only one to get to know Liam because everybody else is an asshole. But I didn't figure he'd actually leave for a week. He's not even answering my texts, which only consist of "hi" or "do you need me to paint your garage." It was worthless, just like me.
"Aren't you worried about him?" She seemed like this was fine, like this had nothing to do with her, but in reality, it had everything to do with her. She was responsible for him and now he's gone who knows where. "I mean, come on,"