
So basically, Liam lied to me about his cousins? No big deal. So he's afraid of having a lot of siblings? Again, no big deal. I wasn't going to nag him about it either.
Three weeks went by since it was Liam's first day. To my surprise, he hasn't made any friends. The only person he sits with at lunch is me. Except, I sit with him... And he probably just tolerates me but I could care less.
"So, make any other friends, besides me?" I question sitting at our usual table. It was 2 questions in one; if he made friends and if I was his friend. I'm genius.
"You're not my friend," he mumbled under his breath, disappointing me. "And guys like me don't make friends, Livvie." He seemed so down and depressed. More than usual. I didn't like it.
"I may not be your friend, but you're mine." I say out loud thinking it was in my head. "I mean not mine- like, you're my friend. I can't call you mine, like you're my property, because you know, I can't do that." I babble on.
The corners of his mouth slightly lift, but only for a second. Today he wore a red and black plaid, button up that made him look SO handsome. Whereas I'm here in worn out shorts and a navy sweater with a penguin on it.
"That penguin shirt makes you seem like a kid." He finally says after minutes of me loudly crunching on my potato chips.
"Well if you haven't noticed yet... I am a child. Inside and out. Forever and always." I confidently notify, hoping to get a smile. I did.
His smile lite up his whole face, even if it was just for a second. His smile was contagious.
"I can get you friends." I blurt out, automatically covering my stupid mouth.
"I don't need friends nor do I need your help, Olivia." Liam states.
Ohh, he used my actual name. That's bad news. I decided that him calling me Livvie was cute so I haven't stopped him when he said it. He's been freely calling me that too.
"Okay." I simply say while trying to think of anything else to say. I was beat to it though.
"Can I come to your house after school?"
My eyes widened. Was he serious? Why did he want to come over to MY house? I mean, there are plenty of better houses to go to.
"Why?" I ask rudely.
"Didn't you say you're failing history? I can help you." Liam explained in a matter of a fact tone.
"Oh. Okay, that sounds great." I cooly say but ask so many questions on the inside.
"Good. I'll drive you home."
He has a car?! How come I'm just now knowing this? He can drive me places! You know, because that's what people that do have a car do for people that don't.
Cue the evil, but bad, laugh.
• • •We get to my house in silence, because what was I supposed to talk about. Global warming? Although I don't really think that he wanted me to talk anyway.
The door of my house opens and we are welcomed by my parents heading the opposite way we were. They were leaving.
"Oh, honey, hi. Me and your father are going to one of his job party things. You know how it is-" my mom babbles on. Now I know where I get it from. Then she spots Liam. "Who's that?"
Okay so my mom AND dad worry too much about me and boys. That pretty much summons up what's about to go down.
"Is he a senior? He's looks like one. You know what I said about older boys, like that Rylan boy. Olivia, why is he here? Who is he?" She interrogated me like Liam wasn't even there to answer them for me.