
My phone buzzed in my hands. I had forgotten that I texted Marcus. I look at the screen; 10:51.
Him: on my way
I tuck my phone away in my pocket and glanced up at the guy. He was looking at me too but quickly looked away. He took the cigarette from between his lips. The familiar white smoke flew freely around him. The smoke was like him; free and careless.
"Why do you smoke?" I blurted out and automatically regretted it, covering my mouth with both hands.
He laughed roughly making everything shake. It sounded like he hadn't laughed in a long time and his laugh box was a little rusty.
"Why do you care?" He asked amused.
"Um... I d-didn't mean to offend you." I stampeder.
"Well," he turned his whole body towards me and leaned into my face. His warm breath tingled my cheeks but his breathe didn't have a smell. Unless I didn't realize it. "It's the only thing that gets me calm and weirdly gives me confidence."
I wanted to tell him that smoking most definitely doesn't give anyone confidence. But then another thought came to me. Did he only light it so that he'd be confident enough to talk to me?
"I'm Olivia," I blurt. I don't know why I feel like I should know him and e should know me. There was something about him. I wasn't scared of him anymore which was weird because nothing changed.
"Olivia doesn't suit you."
I get the sudden urge to run again and or punch him in the gut. What is that supposed to mean? I think Olivia is a great name. Who does he think he is, telling people their names aren't "suitable for them"?
"What the hell are you talking about?" I ask uncrossing my arms trying to look more on edge.
"You look scary. Olivia is for a sweet, gorgeous girl." He said not even looking at me with no hesitation. He dropped the cigarette bud to the ground and stepped on it without hesitation either. He glanced at me and smirked. He was amused.
"I am not scary." I snap crossing my arms again.
"That's what you think."
"That's what I know."
"From my view you're scary." He finished locking with my eyes. His eyes, they are so dark. I don't even know what color they are. Brown maybe? Dark brown?
I wanted to say that I thought he was scary at first, but I didn't. To me, he didn't look scary anymore. He just looked oddly happy maybe. I'm not as good at reading facial expressions as i want to be. Or at least with this guy.
"See ya around, Olivia." He spoke and winked. I blushed a lobster red uncontrollably. He walked confidently to the counter of the gas station and picked up his phone, scrolling and tapping pretending like he'd never even came out and talked to me.
See ya around.
A car door snapped me back into the reality world and why I was here. It was Marcus. It wasn't his normal blue truck. It was Kailey's car. Why was Kailey driving him?
They both got out of the car and came around the front. They smiled at each other. And said something like "thanks for the lift. Too bad my truck is being stupid and was taken over by squirrels." Yup. Olivia logic. Everything is normal.
That's what it seemed like. Until Marcus put his hands on her hips. He moved them up her sides, scrunching up her t-shirt. Her hands met his face cradling his head. And then they... They...