
Olivia's POV
Marcus left the classroom before the bell which made Mr. Johnson start to run after him but since Mr. Johnson is cool, he called other people to get him. Ha!
"Kailey." I say confidently staring her straight in the eyes.
"Hi Olivia." She says cockily looking at my exotic outfit. "You know him? The new one?"
I glance up to the black haired stranger. I was actually glad to see him in the hallway this morning and have another conversation with him. Apparently he just moved here AND he's in some of my classes. Now who has the movie life now?
"Yes."
"What's his name?" She glares at me but smiles at him.
What a tramp! Hasn't she done enough? Every guy she sees, she is instantly in flirtatious mode. What the hell?! Can't she just back away! She's already done enough to ruin me.
"Shut the hell up or I'll-"
"I'm Liam Nace." He says before things got ugly. Good, because I don't want my newly painted nails to get ruined, they are my favorite color. What? You actually think I was gonna punch her? I'm not that mean... Yet.
"Hmm." Kailey says satisfied and spins on her heel. Her shoulder blades moved up and down and were sharp like they should be piecing through her back.
Like the child that I am, I flicked my middle finger at her behind her back. When did she become such a bitch?
"I told you. You're scary."
I turn around to have Liam towering over me. His chest broad and coated with his gray shirt. His hair looked nicer today than the other day. Probably because it was his first day or whatever.
"I am not scary." I disagree with him.
"I'm freighted." He smiles.
I love that smile. I haven't seen a smile like that on any one for a long time. It's an actual smile. Not a smile just because everyone else is smiling or because they don't know what's going on. It's a real, genuine smile, that I love.
"Whoa, Don't go all dreamy on me Livvie." He sneered, shooting his eyebrows up to his forehead.
"You are not calling me that. My dad is the only person that calls me Livvie." I say shifting my weight to the other foot. I tried to ignore that he caught me staring at him, but my face redden anyway. Thankfully he didn't seem to notice.
"Fine. What's your last name?" He questioned sitting on one of the desktops.
"Cruise."
"Like the country song?" He asks hopefully.
"Oh, so now you're a cowboy? How ironic." I smirk feeling like time has paused. I tried to act cool; like his presence wasn't making me nervous. I mean, I don't think I'm all that shy, but I'm a huge dork when it comes to talking to guys. It's pathetic, I know.
"No." He said looking amused. "Why are you staring at me, Cruise?"
With my eyes wide open and my mouth, I probably looked like an idiot. I was staring again. Finally the bell rang just at the right time. Not only till now did I understand the saying "saved by the bell".
• • •Liam Nace is an asshole but also a beautiful angel at the same time. He's the nicest jackass ever! I don't know whether he is my friend or not. Not that I wanted to be friends... Anyway...
It was lunchtime and I stood in the middle of the cafeteria wondering where to sit. I can't sit with Kailey who already seemed to find a new best friend. I can't sit with Marcus which is pretty obvious. So the only other person I can sit with is Liam. I'm not even mad.