
Collin's POV
Olivia was always my favorite best friend. Sure she was my sister and she was sometimes so stupid, but she was family. Olivia was always the one that smiled at everyone even when she had a bad day.
According to mom and dad, she's been obsessed with movies since she was 2. She didn't even understand the concept but, it was her favorite thing to do. She had always said that she wants to be a director or a movie writer. Olivia even had a camera that she took pictures with, then she would write a whole paper about that one picture. She told me that it might help her later in her career.
I can't believe that in 3 weeks, she'll be a senior and I'll be a sophomore. Our family is going in different directions. I couldn't even imagine how mom and dad feel.
For the past month or so, Olivia hasn't been like herself. She has been staying in her room with the lights off and only came downstairs for dinner. She never did family game night of Fridays anymore or even went kayaking with us last weekend. I know it was non of my business but I'm pretty sure it's because of that guy that she brought home.
Mom and dad seemed oblivious to it. But I noticed.
Now I'm at her door preparing myself to just knock. It was silent inside with only the occasional movement of the covers. Finally, I knock 3 times.
"What?"
It was the first time I heard her say anything for a while. "Can I come in sis?"
I heard her get up and turn on the light. I knew she was on the other side of the door debating whether she should open it. Just like I was debating on knocking.
The door swung open and she looked horrible. Sorry, I'm not gonna sugar coat it but, damn. Her hair was fuzzy on one side and the other was matted to her head. Her clothes had stains on it and we're too big.
I stepped in already wishing I could walk out. Amnesia by 5 Seconds of Summer played from her small phone. I sat on her unmade bed and patted the spot next to me for her to sit down.
"What's up?" I questioned not wanting to barge right into her life problems.
Her mouth formed a right line. She didn't glance at me or turn my way. She just kept her eyes on the full body mirror in her room. Her face fell more and more the longer she looked at what she has become.
"Olivia," her jumped at the sound of her own name. "That image isn't going to change by looking at it, you have to do something."
At this, she turned her whole body to me. "Collin, I don't need your help."
Her words said she wanted me to leave but her face said different. She was hurt and I'm the only one here to help. The same song started to play again, it was on repeat. The only time Olivia put a sad song on repeat was because she was sad.
"Well I didn't come here to help you," that was a lie. "I wanted to know what's up."
"The sky."
"No I mean what's up with you?"
"Nothing, I'm fine."
... Are you serious? So it's that kind of conversation? Where I have pry at her to tell me what happened?
"Right, and I'm an expert teenage ninja that throws Oreos instead of ninja stars." I say amusingly.
She chuckled but it was low and faint.
She took a big breathe, "Liam hurt me."
My blood started to boil. "He hit you?!" I sprang up from the bed already to the door.