
Olivia Cruise's POV
"Olivia, get up you're late!"
I hear my mother's voice echo through my head. Is she right next to my bed or downstairs? I can't tell!
"Olivia, don't make me do it."
She wouldn't
"I've become one with the covers. If I leave now, I might lose their trust." I muffle through the thickness of my blanket and wrap myself more. The next thing I know, my protection from the outside coldness is flung off of me! How could she! Now I'll never get their trust back!
"Don't be a smart ass with me." she snapped.
"At least my butt is smarter than yours."
Not my best comeback.
"Get up, honey." she said now with a loving voice before she exited out of the room. I roll out of bed, hitting the floor, then out the door.
Haha that rhymed.
I come downstairs to the living room to see my mom and dad. Dad was drinking coffee and mom was eating breakfast just like a normal family, too bad we aren't.
"Come on let's go. It's your 3rd year of high school, you should be in a routine by now." my dad says not looking at me once.
"Good morning to you too." I say and hug his body.
"Get dressed, sweet pea. Don't want to be late for your first day." My mom says from beside me. "Don't forget to say hello to Kailey for me. Oh and don't forget to bring that note to your one teacher."
I hug her too and skip down the hallway just to be stopped by my 13 year old brother. He's still in his pjs and his hair is a mess but a good mess.
"Why are you so happy?"
"Because I think positive."
"Life isn't a movie."
"You tell me everyday, Collin." I throw back at him and hug his body. It's not everyday that I want a hug from my brother.
His hair color is nothing like mine; his hair is dirty blond, he acts nothing like me, he looks totally different from me but, he's actually the same height as me.
I'm just very short okay? No big deal.
I push passed him and skip the rest of the way to my room. I don't know why but I feel like today is going to be fabulous.
Since when do I use words like fabulous? I direct this fabulous movie and I don't think I use the word fabulous... Oh.. Well... Never mind...
• • •
I step off of the town sidewalk and onto the school grass. Everyone that I remember from last year looked different this year. It's like they had a whole new makeover over the summer.
Since when did Macy dye her hair midnight black? And Harrison wearing khakis?
Everyone was the opposite of what they were last year. The happy outgoing people were now the ones that listened to heavy metal music. The ones that skipped class now had every book they needed, in their arms.
Me? Well I'm the same person. I haven't changed. My dad always told me that everyone changes. The people you once loved, you'll dislike later. I'm always in a book, with my natural long brown hair, and casual outfits. I listen to the popular pop music that comes on the radio. Same old Olivia, yay. Why haven't I changed over the summer? Why am I the only one that doesn't do anything risky? This is not how it's supposed to be. Oh have I mentioned that I view my life like a movie?