
Olivia's POV
It was Halloween night and it's my favorite holiday of all time. Not including my birthday. I love eating candy and seeing all the different costumes. Yay!
I was a cop just like Kailey said. It was a blue jumpsuit that zipped up with a leather collar and a leather belt. I didn't like the pants part of my costume, so I put on skinny jeans over the stretchy material. I wear my leather boots to match and my hair in a ponytail.
"You look hot!" Kailey screams when I walk downstairs.
Good thing no one is home.
My parents went to some Halloween party for Mom's work or something. Collin went to his friend's house. It's funny because when I was 13 I was never aloud out at night unless it was a sleepover, but Collin was probably at his friend's house pranking every little kid. Don't my parents know that the world is more violent now than before?
"Shut up, you ready to hand out candy?" I say posing like a model with a floppy limb condition.
"Um no. Marcus isn't here. We should pick him up." Kailey says already moving out the door.
We get on the road and as she drives I can't help but to notice how slutty her costume was. It was really short blue shorts and a skimpy blue tank top. She didn't even look like a cop.
She still didn't tell me who that guy was, why is she keeping him a secret?
Marcus was waiting outside his house and got in without hesitation. He sat in the back seat with me. I'm surprised he didn't sit up front.
"Nice costume Olivia." He smiles.
Then he looks at Kailey's costume and back at me. And with one look we both burst out laughing.
"What the hell are you laughing at?" Kailey screams offended.
"Nothing!" Marcus and I say together.
Marcus has his costume on too. He has jeans on with handcuffs attached and a button up blue shirt with a badge. He actually did look like a cop.
We pull up to my house and-
Wait, that's not my house! Where are we?! Who are those people in the lawn?
"Come on!" Kailey says before I have a say in this.
Marcus took my hand and pulled me past the people drinking to the front door. The door opened and I was overwhelmed. Everyone was dancing, drinking, sucking someone's face off or simply talking.
"Marcus?" I yell over the music. Marcus, who is still holding my hand, turns around with a huge smile on his face. "What are we doing here?"
"Partying." He says simply.
I felt like I should stay but I don't like going to parties. You can't trust anyone to be able to take you home. You have to take care of yourself. You can't rely on anyone but yourself.
"Okay," I say to him smiling from ear to ear. That was my first mistake of the night.
• • •
I was talking to a bunch of people that were in my classes when Marcus went to the bathroom or something. I take a sip from my red solo cup in my hand. Everyone thinks it's liquor but it's actually water. I think. Is water supposed to burn when you swallow it?
"Olivia, had enough to drink? That's your 5th cup?" I hear some guy that I have no idea says.
"Fuck you," I say harshly.