
"Why are you friends with her?" Kailey asks while I stop at my locker for my afternoon classes.
"You're friends with her too."
"We aren't friends with her, so why is she still sitting with us?"
"What happened to the always happy Kailey?" I ask pouting my bottom lip.
"Ugh, Marcus blew me off again." Kailey says leaning against another locker.
"Why don't you meet other guys. Just like Payton should. You get a new crush, she gets new friends. It's a new fresh start." I explain shutting my locker and start walking to her locker. It was a regular routine; we stop at my locker, then hers, then we sit against the wall if we have time.
"It's not that easy to met new guys." Kailey says twisting her lock smoothly. It's funny how in the beginning with our new combinations took us forever, but now we don't even think about it.
"Go to the park, the movies, or the coffee shop." I say starting to play with the locker next to her's lock.
Twist right, twist left, twist right.
"Fine, I'm over Marcus anyway. He doesn't even look cute anymore." Kailey says finally moving on to grabbing her cherry lipgloss.
"You still driving me home?" I ask hurriedly before the bell rings.
"Yea, I'm still your taxi service bitch." Kailey says before smiling and started to walk away.
"Oh hey Olivia? Have you met any new guys yet that are you know... New?" Kailey shouts down the hallway. I roll my eyes at her but smile back.
There's nothing in the script about a new guy, at least now anyway. Cut! That's a wrap! Coffee break!
• • •
"Yes! Finally, schools out!" I scream after the class was let out and everyone was scrambling to leave this hell hole. Everyone looked at me like I was crazy, if only Kailey was with me, we would laugh at them.
I speed walk to my locker bumping into everyone possible. I was literally pushed my way to my locker. I try so hard to not bump into people but it seems like they don't care who they bump.
Twist right, twist left, twist right again.
I shove everything I don't need in the tiny hole. No homework for me this weekend. After everything is in and won't fall out I slam the door. I look around to see the hallway empty.
Great.
I sprint as fast as my skinny legs can care me, which isn't far considering that I have flats on. I don't do any sports at all. I don't like competition. Which is why I do gymnastics that's does NOT compete. More like for fun.
I make it to the door of the student parking lot where I would find Kailey that would drive me home. But out steps the jungle cats of the school. The popular plastics. A.k.a. the attention seekers just like Payton.
Present Time...
"Olivia you're so pretty!"
How did I get into this? God, I didn't ask for this!
The animals from the jungle surrounded me. They wanted to get to me. They wanted me to join them. They want me to worship them. Why would I do that?
"Olivia, I love your straight brown hair!"
I will not give them my attention, that's what they want.