
Olivia's POV
Me and Collin decide to not say anything to mom and dad. For the most part we were both doing something that we weren't supposed to do. I'll let this one slid. But now I have something to black mail him with. Although, he does too.
I had no interest trying to find out who the girl was. It was none of my business and I'm not going to be the crazy older sister. If he gets her pregnant, not my problem, they learn that shit at school.
It was finally Thanksgiving, the holiday that you can stuff your face with food and no can say that you eat too much. You can never eat too much on Thanksgiving.
"Hi Olivia, I haven't seen you in forever." my grandma says stepping into the door.
"Could you pass the peas mother." Collin asks.
"I'm so thankful for having you guys." I explain.
Woah, cut, cut! This isn't how the Cruise family celebrates Thanksgiving! Rewind! Reshoot!
"I'm going to totally cream you this year in football." my grandma growls stepping into the door.
"Where's the damn peas?" Collin asks.
"I'm so thankful for having you guys." I explain.
"No problem," Kailey and Marcus say to me.
That's more like it.
"Round up for football!" My dad yells.
My dad loves playing football but he doesn't take it seriously like my Uncle Jim or my grandma. I'd rather play with just my dad than anyone else.
"I'm going to sit out for football." Kailey says and pulls out her phone.
She finally told me who her mystery boy was. But she isn't seeing him anymore. She's talking to some other guy now named Dawn. He sounds cute but the thing is, is that they never met which makes me nervous.
"You ready?" Marcus says playfully.
"I'm going to knock you the fuck out." I say and smile.
"Oh I'm scared!" Marcus put up his hands in defense playfully.
What are the odds that Marcus and I were on opposite teams? Good thing I got Uncle Jim on my team this year. We line up to the imaginary line and I stare each and every figure down.
They are scared. Be the lion. Be the lion.
"Hike!"
"Oh my god!" I screamed.
I looked down and see that my dad planted the ball in my arms without me even giving me any notice. That's the thing about my dad, his gives everyone a chance to play.
But why me dad?
"Run!" my dad yelled to me and smiled.
I did as I was told. I ran. I ran like my life depended on it. I ran like zombies were coming for me. I ran like-
"Uhhfft!"
Ow! Mother fucker!
"Watch your mouth young lady!" my grandma said.
I said that aloud?
"Yes you said it aloud. Now get up dingle berry." my grandma yelled at me.
How did an old lady take me down.
I looked at her to see if I accidentally said it aloud again. She grabbed the football from me and over came Marcus. Great.