
Olivia's POV"Olivia, how was your study date with Liam?" Dad questioned stepping into the room. The light from the hallway spilled into my dark, shadowed room.
"Fine," I didn't care to correct him for saying it was a date. It was never a date, it would have never been a date.
He cleared his throat and said good night. The door closed which once again enveloped me in darkness. At first it was hard to breath with the heavy air, but it lightened.
The tears that dried on my cheeks were still there. I didn't bother to wipe them away when they were fresh.
It's hard to forget about someone who gave you so much to remember about them. What do you do when the only person who can make you stop crying is the one that made you cry?
• • •(Hours before)
After the second round of kissing, Liam apparently came to his senses and jumped into action. As in action, I mean studying.
We spread the material we agreed to look over and sat on the bar stools. He looked so concentrated and teacher-like as he tried to explain things to me. I could defiantly get used to his defined face and curly hair being so close. I wander if his hair is soft. He smelled like lemonade and mint which was a different smell, but it worked.
"You're not listening at all, are you?" Liam's lips curled up. He closed the book he was reading out of which made me sad. Him reading made me feel like I was a child and he was my father reading me a bedtime story. Also his deep voice was so soothing I could listen to hime talk the whole day.
"I was defiantly listening, just not grasping," at this point I hold out my hand and pretend to grab the air, "the material like I should be," I admired how honest this was. "Can we take a break?"
He nodded pushing everything, books and all, out of our reach. Liam looked at me from the corner of his eye. I still sat there watching his every move. His gaze met mine and we just sat there. Liam's eyes were so deep, anyone that would look at him for just a second, would get lost and never find their way back. His eyes held so many stories and memories. I wanted to know them.
"What was your favorite childhood memory?" I inquire. Mine was of me and my family going to the beach with all the relatives. It was when all my relatives could actually stand each other.
"Um," Liam shifted in his seat, caught totally off guard by the question. He looked to the floor, then back at me wondering if he had to answer the question. "I don't have one."
"Did you have any friends where you used to live?"
"No."
"Do you move a lot?"
"Yes."
He's giving me simple answers. I wanted him to elaborate on them. How do I do that?
"Do you think you'll move soon?" I ask my last question. I watched him hopefully.
Liam noticed my face and said, "Depends how people treat me," he smiled at me, fakely.
"Am I treating you good?"
"Why all these questions? Are you worried that I'll leave?" He questions this time. I wasn't expecting him to answer my question with a question.
"Yes."
This time it was my turn to answer simply. Liam's face had no trace of expression.
He didn't say what I wanted him to. I wanted him to say "I'd never leave you" or even "I just got here." But he didn't say any of those. He didn't even say anything. He just got up from the seat and moved to the family room. I instantly followed.