
Rylan's car was actually a truck. There was only 3 seats, the radio didn't work, and the seats were falling apart. Yes, it's fun riding with Rylan, one on one, but his car is bad.
"Get any more money for your new car?" I question hopping up into the seat.
Yeah, his parents had good paying jobs, but that doesn't mean that he gets everything he wants without doing anything. He's been saving up for a new, and clean, car.
"Almost there," he answers starting the engine which takes a couple turns.
"You say that every time I ask you." I informed him, buckling my seatbelt.
"I don't think you know how much a car costs," he laughed while turning out of the school parking lot.
He was right. I didn't know how much they cost. Which is why I would never win The Price Is Right. We drove in silence for most of the ride. We laughed at each driver we saw that was picking his or her nose.
"I have to pick up my brother from my house for his baseball practice before I drop you off, if that's cool," he suddenly spoke out of the silence.
I just nodded because I was too tired to speak.
"Remember when you came to my house last time?" He turned and smiled at me. "When you tried to kiss me?"
Yes, Rylan was hot. He had black hair, towered over everyone, and his face was like an angel constructed it by hand. But I wouldn't date him, because he knows too much about me.
"I didn't try to kiss you. You tried to kiss me." I explain to him. It was nice that we could talk about nearly everything and be comfortable.
"Alright, whatever you say to cover it up." He winks at me and turns back to the rode.
I stick my tongue out at him. And I knew he could see me from the corner of his eye.
He pulled into Chestnut Drive. I've been to his house multiple times to study. We were actually studying! Just so you know except those couple times that we just mentioned. I've also met his brother; he doesn't like me.
Each house passes by blurry. He pulls into his driveway and I decide to stay in the truck. I watch out the window bored. Next door there were kids playing in the yard playing with a soccer ball. There was several of them, all different ages with all different hair colors and skin colors.
And then he comes out!
What is he doing there? Oh! He said he lived on Chestnut Drive! And he lives next to Rylan? This is fantastic! But he said he didn't have any siblings! Are those his cousins?
I stop asking myself all those questions and get out of the vehicle. I strut across the yard, not paying attention on who is winning the soccer game.
"Liam!" I shriek and wave.
He rolled his eyes at me and tried to go back inside but I stopped him by grabbing his, huge, arm.
"Where are you going, I just got here?" I said, letting go of his arm. "You said you didn't have siblings." I added gesturing towards the children.
"They aren't mine," he muttered.
"Then who are they?"
"... Friends... Of my- um, cousins." He stammered. Is he really this embarrassed about talking about his family?
"Where's your parents I'd love to met them," I urged finding it amusing that he's the one squirming for once.
"Not here."