
Olivia's POV
"I did not!"
"Yes you did."
"Stop! No I didn't!"
"You did."
I don't know where it came from but I hit him on the shoulder with what I thought was a really hard punch. But apparently it didn't effect him at all. I'm so mad at him!
"Fuck off. I don't care." I uttered hopefully ending the argument.
"If you didn't care you would have walked away already." He said with a matter of fact tone.
I sat there just waiting for my comeback to actually come. It didn't. I just sat there with one finger in the air and my mouth open.
"Close your mouth," He finally says, taking another one of my fries. "I'm not feeding you with this fry."
I close my mouth but instantly open it again, "Just so you know I did not fall down onto the floor because I was staring at you," he was officially passing me off. Who does he think he is?
Okay so, yes I did fall on the floor and it was pretty obvious to everyone, especially Liam. I didn't fall because of Liam's closeness, though. I fell because my arm missed the desk that I tried to lean onto WHILE I was staring at Liam. And now he's accusing me of falling ONLY because I was staring at him. How pathetic.
"Then what happened?" He leaned forward onto the table with his elbows. His face held an amusing smile. I hated him because he knew exactly what to do to get a rise out of me, which didn't take much.
"I-I just... Fell?" My voice sounded like it was a question but it wasn't supposed to be. His face was cute. I was staring.
He got up from his seat across the table suddenly and I thought he was going to leave. If it bothered him that much than I'll admit that I was staring at him. Jeez.
He started to gather his stuff that was spread across the table. Which included a black messenger bag that I've noticed he carried around but didn't put school supplies in. Note to ask him about, added to the lists of other thing I want to know about him. I panicked. "Wait! Okay okay I was looking at you, okay? Don't leave just because some girl didn't look at you. Are you really that cocky with your appearance?"
He smirked at me. "I was just packing my stuff to have more room." He replied sitting back down. "But I don't care if you look at me." He smiles with his real smile.
"Right," I instantly blush but pretend I don't know it. He obviously sees my face reddening because the redder I got the bigger his smile got. "So how's life?" I awkwardly smile. He doesn't answer all he does is smile. "What's in this bag?" I question pointing the the black bag. He glances at it and doesn't see the point in answering my question.
He just looked at me. The cheerful smile disappears and leaves a smirk. He didn't say anything. He just looked at me. It was like he knew the more he looked at me, the redder I got.
"Now who's staring?" I objected crossing my arms and smirking at him instead.
• • •
I mean I didn't know what I was supposed to do. She was mocking me. What for? She was the person that did wrong. Not me. She was driving me crazy for no reason, I should be torturing her!
"Don't you just think that his hair should be pushed to the left instead of the right?"
She was asking me questions about stupid things. Things that I had no comment to. I just kept walking down the hall. Now that I mention it, I think I might be going the wrong way. Oops.