
We both took a seat on the couch facing one another. I don't think Liam thought I would follow him. I don't even think he thought the converstion was still going.
"Alright, what's this about?" Liam asked finally realizing I wasn't going to leave him alone. "Did something happen involving that asshole?"
I laughed faintly at his word choice. Liam didn't even know Marcus, but he didn't like him because of what he did to me.
"No, just wondering," I spoke, moving closer to him, but looking away. I could still see and feel him looking at me.
"Did something happen to you?" I inquired him noticing that he still wanted me to keep talking. I knew Collin was over at the neighbors house playing video games so I didn't bother asking Liam about his day.
"No, it's just-" he stopped mid-sentence just to look between both my eyes. I nodded for him to continue. "I haven't been telling you the truth."
I stare at him, content with myself for getting him to open up with me. I was gonna get what I wanted to know.
"It's not what you want to hear."
It was like he read my mind. How could it possibly not be what I want to hear? It's exactly what I want to know!
"I'm sitting here to listen." I squeak crossing my legs.
"Those kids are not related to me at all." He swallows before continuing. "I don't know who they are, they just live in the same house as me. Livvie, I'm in foster care." He finished.
"I don't mind. You don't have to be embarrassed about that. My mom worked with foster kids before." I smile at him, but he doesn't smile back like usual.
He runs his hand through his curly, black hair making it ruffle. "I'm a runaway, I always run from my problems, and foster homes are one of my biggest problems." He sighs and shakes his head at me, probably thnking that he sounds stupid and should stop talking but I gesture for him to continue. "Cops come to find me and relocate me. That's why I move and why I never have 'friends'" he uses air quotes for friends. "I know you like me Livvie, but I don't like you. I just can't," My heart sank. "I'm going to leave you anyway. You are so stupid to want to be my friend," his voice got deeper and louder the more he talked. He stood up and I followed once again.
"Liam,"
"Stop. Don't waste your breath trying to get me to open up to you, I already said too much about myself that you don't need to know because you'll forget about me anyway," he was near yelling at me as I pathetically try to hug him. He pushes me away and steps back. "No. Stop being stupid. You can't fix everyone, Olivia. I'm never going to be with you; I'm never going to stay. You're just going to forget about me after I leave,"
"Stay," was the only thing I could say with the lump that was stuck in my throat. My eyes were filling; just like that first day I met Liam, the black haired stranger, when Marcus pulled up with Kailey. My breathing got heavy and I was devastated to hear him talk like this. Where did all this come from?
"Crying is just going to make it worse. Don't waste everything on someone you barely know. You trust people way too much," his voice cracked from all the yelling he was doing. "Don't cry, I don't like seeing you cry," after he said this he shook his head like he wanted to take it back.
"But Liam, I love you, that kiss was everything I ever wanted. I want you, I -"
"Olivia! I can't be in your stupid love story movie!" He yelled, his voice piecing through the air. "You don't need me to make you happy. The only reason you supposedly like me, is only because you don't have anyone one better! Just forget about me," Liam finished.