
Olivia's POV
"A month into the school year and you're leaving me?" I whine.
"It's not you it's me. I found someone else."
Wow that was so cliché.
"Who?" I ask. I'd rather be at the movies with Marcus than be standing here listening to her.
"I'm so devastated." Kailey muttered bored out of her mind. She picked at her finger nails looking back at the clock and rolling her eyes.
She sucks at acting.
"Sorry, bye." Payton says before joining the jungle cats.
After they literally blocked me from getting home 3 times, I noticed that the jungle cats and Payton are the same. Which is why I set them up a meeting at the coffee shop. Coffee makes everything better.
"She didn't seem very sorry." I smile at Kailey who was already walking out the door. "Hey, where are you going?"
"Movies. Marcus is waiting." Kailey explains, digging in her pink purse for her cherry lipgloss.
"So what are you being for Halloween?" I ask feeling as if the subject should be changed.
"Let's be cops." She says bleakly.
Me, Kailey, and Marcus planned to hand out candy at my house because I was the only one in town. I also was the only one that was excited about it. Shame.
We got to the movies just as it was about to start. I offered to get popcorn and drinks because I was excited to actually have some money to spend. By the time I got back it was dark and everyone's face was lite up by the glow of the movie.
"Where's Kailey?" I asked Marcus worried. What if she went to the bathroom and was kidnapped? What if she was in the photo booth and was stabbed and no one will ever find her? What if she went to the car and got kidnapped in the parking lot? I'm deathly afraid of parking lots. Don't ask.
Marcus smiles at me and points to the other end of the movie theater. I scan the red leather seats that look very uncomfortable for my red head friend.
There she is! Oh my god...
She's with someone. She's with a guy! She's kissing him! That's an understatement, she's full on making out with him! Ew, another understatement, they are sucking each other's faces off.
"Who the hell is that?" I sit next to Marcus in the, yes, very uncomfortable seat.
"I have no idea. She just sat with him when she got here." Marcus said watching my expressions change as I watch them eat each others' face.
"You look disgusted." he laughed and pushed my face with his hand back to the white screen.
The movie went on for what felt like forever. Most likely because Kailey's kissing session was very loud! At one point I heard Kailey moan and I slid down further in my seat trying to drowned out the noise.
That's disgusting. Does she know that she's in public? Who the hell is he?
Once they stopped sucking each others' face off, the movie was actually interesting. I think. By the time I started watching, some guy was on top of a building yelling that he'd jump just for the girl to say she loved him. Wow.
There was a make out scene though and may I say I thought it was a little too graphic. It was too much for my childish eyes!
"Wanna kiss?"
I turn to the voice with wide eyes to the sexy voice. The sex scene was still playing. I wish it would fast forward. Why can't the guy in the little room above us, just fast the fuck forward?