
Olivia's POV
"Sleepover!" Kailey and I scream together.
It was New Year's Eve and it was tradition that me and Kailey have a sleepover. You ask about Christmas? Ah, it was nothing. I don't really like Christmas all that much. Everyone is so greedy on Christmas.
"I didn't get what I wanted!"
"I wanted the iPhone 5s not the iPhone 5c!"
"I wanted sticks and coal people!"
All I wanted was socks. And that was I got, and I'm happy for my cuddly socks. Yay.
"So what should we do first?" I ask Kailey and she makes her way around my room getting the candy that we have confiscated.
"Let's talk about Marcus!" she screams too highly.
"I thought you were over him!" I yelled back. "Sorry if I'm yelling, I think you bursted my eardrum!"
"I am over him. I mean about you and him." Kailey sits next to me on my gentle blue comforter. Blue is actually my whole bedroom theme, I think it's a good color but Kailey wanted me to pick pink. Ew.
"There's nothing between us!" I hear myself say. It sounds like I've been underwater for days and just got out.
"Am I still yelling?" I yell on purpose.
"You can stop yelling now." Kailey says quietly.
I know why she said it quietly. She said it low so she would know for sure that I was faking. Bitch.
"What do you mean there's nothing between you two?" Kailey asks pushing herself off my bed.
"I mean that there's nothing between us." I say flatly.
I thought I already said that?
"Yes there is. I saw you at the Halloween party and at Thanksgiving. Duh!" She rolled her eyes at me and sat back down next to me. "And don't think I didn't see you kissing his neck too."
"I kissed his body!?" I scream this time not from my eardrum. "When did I do that?"
"After you woke up from passing out. You acted like everything was okay and you made a move on him." Kailey explained.
I love how I'm just now learning all this.
"Yea," I say bleakly.
"Yea," Kailey repeated me.
"Was I doing it right?" I ask.
"You were drunk so, it was sloppy but he seemedTo enjoy it." Kailey laughs at my question.
"Oh god, do you think Marcus remembers me doing that?" I ask just as there was a knock at my bedroom door.
Kailey opens the door to his figure. He's wearing a simple comfortable t-shirt and a jacket and sweatpants.
Who wears that to a girl's sleepover?
"Marcus!" Kailey shouts and glances back at me.
Ha! So my life is like a movie!
"Marcus you have officially crashed our sleepover." I say rolling my eyes.
The next 3 words that he spoke to me felt like heaven. I didn't know that Marcus had that in him to say that out loud. Those 3 words sank into my heart and stayed there. It was like something I've never experienced before with a guy. He was defiantly my knight in shining armor.
"I brought food,"