
Olivia's POV
I jump to a sitting position gasping for air. The light stung my eyes. I shade my eyes from the light with my warm covers and turn to my other side.
My hand rubs against something hot and smooth. I'm claiming this as mine, whatever "it" is. I pull my eyelids from their droopy state. The "it" I claimed mine wasn't even an it. On the other side of me was a somebody! With his shirt off! Oh my god, it's Marcus.
Does he have pants on?! Really, that was my first thought?
I lift the cover cautiously that covered his man junk. If he didn't have pants on, then why would they be off in the first place? I know the answer, I just don't want to think about it! What if we did? What if he doesn't want to be around me anymore? Did we use protection?!
The precious cover lifts up and up and.. Oh god.
Why's it sticking straight up?!
He didn't have pants on! He didn't have pants on! He didn't have underwear, or whatever guy's underwear is called, on! He was in my bed with no pants on! He has no pants!
Stop looking at it!
I drop the cover back on his naked body and his man junk. I move my hand away from his area and just lay there like a log, with my hands clasped together on my stomach. The house was silent. The only noise was a single car that passed by.
Holy shit what is today? what happened?
The ball, New Year, the numbers, the kiss!
Oh, that explains everything... Except the part of why he has his pants off!
I gently slide off the bed trying not to disturb him. I successfully get off but the covers follow me to the floor. I sprint to the bathroom to pee but see a small body with red fur on the floor.
I shriek which makes it wake up and move.
"What the hell?" it spoke.
Oh it's my friend, right.
"Good morning Krusty Crew!" I whisper shout.
"Why the fuck are we in Bikini Bottom?" Kailey sleepily spoke her eyes still half shut.
I hear a rustling coming from the bed outside the door and hope to God that he isn't awake.
"Kailey I have a problem." I tell her sitting on the floor at her level.
"If you need a tampon, I-"
"No, no, not that. I mean with Marcus." I sit on the floor. Her eyes widen focusing on me and only me.
"What the hell did he do? Do I have to hit him with a bus? A big bus?" Kailey asks starting to stand up.
"No, no, not that," I say for the second time "it's his pants." I stand up with her.
"His-"
"Pants," we both say in unison.
"What's wrong with his pants?" Kailey asked confused and ready to go back to sleep. She was a good listener usually, just not when she first woke up.
"His pants are," I take a deep breath and swallowed "not on his body,"
Kailey's perfect eyebrows shot up and her eyes looked like they were going to pop out of her head. Now she's awake.
"You had sex with him?" Kailey finally asks whisper shouting at me.
How did I know she was going to ask that?