
Olivia's POV
It was cold. It was quiet. It was lonely.
My room was a sanctuary from the outside world. I have no idea what time it is or even the day. But I do know that it's been about a few days since the gas station blow up. That's what I decided to call it. It sounds cool and appropriate.
I haven't talked to any one either. No technology, no socializing, nothing. I was just a lump in my covers. No one came to see me. To see if I was okay. Except for my mom.
My mom isn't one to pry at your life... All the time. She lets you tell her and if you don't tell her she doesn't know and she doesn't try to know. That's what I like about her. I told her everything from the rain to the black hair guy to the shirt scrunching to the trash can.
"Everything's gonna be okay honey. Even if you think it won't be." Was the last she said and then left for work in her purple skirt and blazer. She worked with foster kids and adoption. Her regular routine consists of going to a court hearing, being nagged by her supervisor, visiting kids in foster homes, but also going out to eat with the other employees.
You know I'm am so pathetic laying in bed all day. You know what someone in a movie would do? They would cry until their fairy godmother came and made everything okay by making you look beautiful. But that wasn't the case. Ugh. Why don't I do something about it? But what can I do?
"Duh. Go to school and pretend you're so much more happier without them."
Did I just say that out loud? I really hope they didn't understand my whole Cinderella thing. I sat straight up in bed way too fast that I got a sudden headache. Ouch. Was it wrong hoping it was the black haired guy from the gas station at my bedroom window with pebbles? Or is that just in movies? Yes.
My bother walks in. I haven't talked to him in forever. I miss him. I wish he was 8 years old again. That would be great. He should never grow up. Ever.
"How ya doin'?" He asks flopping down onto my bed near my feet. He is all dressed and ready to go to school in a red button up shirt and worn jeans. I gotta say that my 13 year old brother dressed better than some of the guys in my grade. "Mom said not to bother you but I decided I can do what I want before school when she isn't here. But anyway. How ya doin'?"
"We have school today?" I ask totally avoiding the pretty obvious question of how I was doing.
He sighed and rolled his eyes at me. "It's Thursday."
I hate Thursdays.
"And you think I should go to school and act like I'm way better than I was before?" I ask sleepily. I really want to go back to sleep. Don't we all.
"Go. To. School. And wear something you normally wouldn't wear. Like you've come out of your comfort zone without them." He explained.
I knew that my little brother was better than me in many ways. He's smarter, that's for sure. He's nicer. He is funnier. I'm not mad at him for being better than me, I actually love that he's a better person than me so that I can learn from him for a change. I hope he never leaves me because I need him.
"I love you. Oh and stop reading mom's 'Parenting a Teen' magazines. She never uses them." I smiled and grabbed him into a tight hug. The kind of hug that you never want to end.
• • •
Marcus' POV
"Where is Olivia?" Mr. Johnson, my homeroom teacher, inquires the class. Why do teachers ask that? It's not like we keep up with everyone else's lives.