
Olivia's POV
"Olivia you're so pretty!"
How did I get into this? God, I didn't ask for this!
The animals from the jungle surrounded me. They wanted to get to me. They wanted me to join them. They want me to worship them. Why would I do that?
"Olivia, I love your straight brown hair!"
I will not give them my attention, that's what they want.
"Your eyes are majestic!"
Majestic? What the hell does that mean? This is not how my life is supposed to go! This isn't in the script!
4 Hours Earlier...
This is ridiculous!
It was a week into the new year and it was 11 o' clock, a.k.a. lunchtime. Thank god. Kailey, Payton, and I were sitting in our regular table.
Payton was my other friend, but she wouldn't be the friend that I would go to first if I had a problem. She tells everyone everything. If she gets in a fight, that she started, she would lie to get everyone on her side. If you tell her that accidentally forgot how to use a tampon, the whole school would know. Believe me, I have first hand experience.
She has unnatural black hair that reached her shoulders. Her normal hair color is blonde, I think she would look great with blonde hair, but no! She was a little heavy set and that's the only thing she talks about. She's always saying how fat she is when she really isn't.
"No one likes me. They like you though. Do people like me?" Payton goes on for the millionth time today.
Somedays I think she only hangs out with me and Kailey only for her own good. She thinks if she's with us, everyone will love her. She thinks that if people see her with us, people will like her better. Hate to brake it to you darling, but your plan won't work.
"Don't say that, you are like able." Kailey says annoyed but covers it up by biting a perfect circle into her apple.
Payton is an attention seeker. All she wants is people to tell her that she is pretty and nice. Everyday. All the time. I hate people like that. They expect everyone else to make them feel better.
"Don't lie to me!" Payton shrieks.
Then why did you ask!?
I rolled my eyes and turn my attention to something. Anything. Anything more interesting than this. I scan the tables full of people that are in their own conversations. I can't hear what they say but I can see that they actually enjoy what they are talking about.
Marcus doesn't sit with us. He sits with the guys. To me guys didn't have social levels like girls do. They are all the same. Which I wish girls were like too. But that's not how the movies or life goes. That's one thing that movies got right.
He sits there laughing with his guy friends. His open smile generally makes me happy. I smile at the thought of sitting with him for just one day; instead of listening to girl problems, I'd be laughing the whole lunch. Guys always have more fun than girls.
"Olivia!"
I must have dazed out, damn it.
"Oh my god, no way, I know right," I said pretending that I was listening the whole time. That usually works with most girl conversations.
"Let's go," Kailey whispered to me being casual. She picked up my tray along with hers.
"Talk to you later Payton!" I say quickly and sprint the heck out of there, Kailey following closely behind.