
Olivia's POV
"How did you do on your history test?"
Horrible.
"Do you think Todd and Abigail make a good couple?"
Nope.
"Why's your hair a mess?"
Not everyone has time to do it in the morning.
"Why are you wearing long sleeves in the spring?"
I like hiding things.
"Olivia, you can't ignore me forever."
"Actually, yes, I can," I snap at her. Again, she acted like she did nothing; like we were still friends.
Kailey caught up to me in the hall. I tried to run away from her plastered makeup face but she wasn't going to leave me alone. I haven't seen Marcus lately now that I'm thinking about it.
"Olivia, you can't be negative about everything," I was being negative? Uh excuse me! "You should be happy for me and Marcus, that's what a friend would do."
Okay I'm going to blow up in her face in 3...2...1
"Be happy for you?! That's what a friend would do?! Excuse me, bitch, but I'm not the one that cheated with their best friend's boyfriend and now expects her to still be her friend," I screamed, shouted, yelled; all the words that mean speaking really loudly. "If you were my friend you would have not cheated with my boyfriend, you selfish, dirty, bitch!"
"But you knew I liked Marcus, since middle school," Kailey spoke quietly compared to my voice.
"You told me you were over him and went out, like a slut, with other fucking guys! What did you want me to do Kailey? Stay away from all guys 'just in case you like them'? Come on, grow up and stop being a little bitch," I shouted breathlessly.
She looked around seeing all the people looking at her in disgrace. Her face got red and filled with tears. Kailey wasn't the one to cry in front of people, normally she would yell back, but maybe this time she knew she was in the wrong. I heard her sobbing all the way down the hallway till she sprinted into the bathroom.
Why do I feel so bad?
"Hey sunshine,"
"Hi Rylan," I squeaked with every ounce of energy I had in me after all that yelling.
He looked at my face, then to my slightly lifted sleeve that was no longer covering my wrist that was singed red. Rylan looked back to me and only shook his head. It wasn't my fault no one cares about me enough to ask how I'm doing.
Soon everyone that gathered around to witness me yelling at Kailey wandered off. Rylan did the same in silence. Again, no one asked if me blowing up at school was the effect of something else.
"Miss. Cruise," I heard from behind me.
I turn to see the principle. I didn't care to learn her name, since she was new and I thought I'd never have to see her. It read on her tag that she was Ms. Cornwheat. Wow, winner of killer last names.
"You know that yelling and swearing are against the school policies. I'll be seeing you in detention after school tomorrow, in my office," Cornwheat finished me off then left without a response from me.
I'm turning into a delinquent.
As much as I didn't want to, I did it anyway. I walked straight down the empty hallway with my head held high. Suddenly taking a right, there stood 2 people. In the girl's bathroom. The only problem was, that there was only 1 girl in the GIRL's bathroom.