
Marcus's POV
"I think everything will be okay," I motioned. That's what everyone says to people that are sad, right? And to be honest it always seems to work.
"You're just saying that," she mumbles into her hoodie that she pulled over her head. Her dark hair was a good looking mess; it was spilling out the hood of her hoodie and falling down my arm.
"Well, that's what you like to hear when things go bad usually," and this was true.
She flips off her hood from her head and faces me with her eyebrows furrowed, "You know what Marcus, I have no idea what the hell your doing here with me, or why you're even talking to me."
"My bad, usually when you see someone on the bleachers alone wrapped in a hoodie you are worried," yes, she was on the wet, cold bleachers during a soccer practice. Just at that moment a soccer ball flew our way, followed by laughter just to emphasize my point.
"Go away."
"Why, because I'm right?" She hates when I'm right.
"You don't understand." this was all things that I've heard before from her. All things I've known too well.
Her hoodie was navy blue, she had capris, with gray converse on. This was also known as her: I'm tired/sad/I don't care anymore clothing. She still looked at me like I was supposed to say something. And because I didn't, she got up and walked away. The wet grass squeaked from under her shoes.
"Olivia, tell me what happened at least," I shouted at her which instantly got her attention.
She didn't come back, all she did was turn towards more, excepting I'd come to her. Which I did.
When I finally met with her again, she began, "I'm sorry did you miss the whole part where you hurt me and I run away and meet some else? That's basically what happens when relationships end."
"No, I remember that part of the movie exactly. All I want to know is what happens next."
Olivia stood there looking right at me, not even glancing away for a second. She didn't look like she was thinking, instead she was debating whether to say it or not.
"It ends, no happily ever after included."
With that she turned away from me. Why does she keep leaving? It's not like I'm asking hard questions.
I grabbed her hand which she immediately brush off, "Olivia, just tell me. Did that guy do something to you?"
This stopped her once again. The mention of him seemed to stun her whole body. Olivia looked pale now. Then, like it was nothing, she sat on the wet grass and cried bringing her knees to her chest.
I sat down with her again like on the bleachers. Back to square one. We're just going in a circle people.
"W-why are you so concerned?" Her voice shakes.
This was a good question. Why was I concerned?
"I don't know. Just because I stopped talking to you and left doesn't mean I stopped caring."
This also seemed to stun her. Her shoulders stiffened and her breathing was hitched. He must have left her.
"I'm sure that guy still cares, he's just too pussy to tell you so," I motioned on.
"No. No he doesn't, he told me so. Nobody likes me," she mumbled almost like she was only talking to herself.
"Olivia, I honestly think a lot of people love you, they're just too nervous to say so. And sometimes, you have to stop looking, and start seeing."