
"He should dress up. Don't you think Olivia?"
"No."
"Why not? I think he'd look hot."
I stopped and turned to her, crossing my arms. She has to be kidding. Does she really think that she can ask me these questions about my boyfriend that she cheated with and is now HER boyfriend, like we were still best friends?
"Why don't you ask Tara? You seemed to be buddy buddy with her at lunch and if you haven't noticed we are most definitely not friends anymore," I rant not thinking about stopping anytime soon. I don't like her. I really dislike her. "Why don't you go ask Marcus? He'd love your attention. Go have sex with him in the closet for all I care!"
Everyone gasps at me and stares, like I said I was planning to murder someone at 6:01 sharp. If Kailey was my friend we would laugh together at the people staring. But we aren't anymore. Obviously.
"God Olivia. Maybe I will," She snaps and storms away in her teal heels that I remember going all the way to New York to get with her. Do you know how far New York is from Arkansas? It may not seem far to you but it was a life time for me. Especially since she insisted on driving and making a stop every hour or so to pee.
"You okay?"
I was expecting Liam. Even Marcus so that I could snap at him too. I would twist my fist so far down his throat he would-
"You're not Marcus," I say shocked and embarrassed that I almost punched him. "How ya doing?"
It was a senior boy that was friends with my first long lasting boyfriend in freshman year. My freshman boyfriend, he... Um. I- I really don't think I should say now considering that I'm going to barf. Anyway, I was friends with his friend named-
"Rylan, what do you want?" I groan hoping he wouldn't catch my attitude.
He was literally like an older brother to me. I mean I already have a younger one but a girl just needs an older brother. For sure.
Let me guess, you're thinking that I totally friendzoned him? Well you're wrong. We already had that discussion. He loves being my big brother too, you know after a couple of years of him trying but failing to get me.
"You okay?" He repeats from the beginning ignoring every question I asked.
"No."
"Why's that, sunshine?" He asked leaning against the wall thinking it might take a while.
"My boyfriend cheated on me with my best friend. Turns out they were cheating shortly after I started dating him," I whispered like it was a secret. Although everyone already knew. Except for Rylan I guess.
"Sounds cliché like in a movie. You should like it," He jokes obviously not noticing my already upset face. I mean, hello!
"I sure as hell don't like it. Now she is rubbing it in my face as if taking him wasn't enough. Now she's most likely in the bathroom with him having sex!" I shout getting angry again. "Jokes on her, he probably has STDs," I wouldn't know because I'm not a girl that throws herself at every guy like someone we ALL know.
"Why would she be in the bathroom with him?" He asked. Okay so Rylan isn't the smartest or the fastest at thinking.
"Their dating... And plus I kinda sorta told her to go and do that," I press my lips in a tight line trying to look serious but failing.
We both burst out laughing just because. Just like me and Kailey used to do, but with Rylan it was actually fun laughing, unlike with Kailey because her laugh was always better. He shook the hall with his deep laugh getting looks, but the people looking smiled too.