
"Welcome to junior year a.k.a. The best year ever!" Said a super perky voice.
It was my best friend Kailey. She is like my twin. No seriously, people always say that we look like twins. Except for 1 minor detail; she has cherry red hair. Other than that, we are twins!
Sigh of relief.
"OMG! I love your dress!" Kailey said keeping her perky attitude. Kailey was a cheerleader, but not the kind that is snobby and rude. She's the kind that is always happy which is why I'm friends with her.
"Thanks, I was kind of skeptical about wearing it though." I said placing my hands against the skirt of my dress. It was a light pink dress with lace over the whole thing, short sleeves, an opening showing my back, and a little bow above the opening. Oh and I put a brown thin belt around my middle. And it's gorgeous! It's my favorite, if you didn't notice.
"What are you talking about, Olivia, it's gorgeous." Kailey shouted getting the people around us' attention.
I drag Kailey inside the school escaping the curious eyeballs. The hallways were crowed with confused freshman and new students. I make it to my locker, Kailey still behind me.
"Aren't you excited for new students this year?" Kailey continued after I let her go.
"No, why should I be?" I reply pushing my locker open.
"What!?"
Her sudden outburst made everyone stop and listen to us which only made us laugh. Every time people look at us we just laugh hysterically. No reason why, we just do. It's a best friend thing.
"We could met a cute guy." Kailey says through her laughter.
"Right,"
"It's true. What happened to you, you always thought that life was like a movie." Kailey replied, her laughter dying down.
"I don't know. Everyone keeps telling me that I shouldn't expect certain things to happen." I say which is followed closely by...
"HAHAHA!"
Again everyone looked at us like we were a bug that needed to be squashed immediately. We don't care though.
"You're funny Olivia, you really are."
"Thank you, thank you very much." I say in my best manly voice.
"Oh you wanna hear about me and Marcus?" Kailey shouts at me. She's had a crush on Marcus, our friend, since like middle school. For some reason she tells me that she doesn't want it to go farther. She would rather it be this way. Whatever way that is.
"No not really." I say scooting towards our first class.
"It was great. I mean I only saw him for like 5 minutes but, did you know that he doesn't like peanut butter? He was at the grocery store. We should all hang out later today at my house." Kailey goes on even though I said no.
"Yea, sure, ok," not really hearing anything she just said. I walked into the classroom whether she was coming with me out not.
"Hi, Olivia!...And Kailey."
"Hi Marcus!" Kailey says behind me.
Be cool Kailey, be cool.
"Come to my house after school and we can hang out." Kailey says quickly taking a seat next to him. I take the seat behind Marcus.
"Just say yes." I whispered in his ear. He turns around and smiles at me. Marcus is the typical popular guy at school. He's tan from the summer with beach blond hair. He looks like a surfer, even though he doesn't surf. Even though he is one of the jocks, he's still friends with us and as always, Kailey likes him. She likes every guy, even if he just says hi.