
"I heard she got hit by a car running from the gas station." some girl said from the other side of the room. "She had a good reason to run though." She spat and glared at me.
How does she know about me? How does she know half of what happened? I don't even know her! Okay, that's a lie, I've been in school with her since 5th grade. But I don't talk to her.
"No. She's at home planning for revenge." Shouted one of the weird outcast girls from the back. She also glared at me
"What are you taking about? She's just at home sick. Duh." Kailey reassured, trying to defend me.
"She's coming down the hallway." announced some guy at the doorway.
He's been standing there this whole conversation. I thought I was the only one that saw him. In fact, I haven't seen him at all this year. Is he new? And if he was new, how does he know Olivia?
As he stood there awkwardly, everyone got a good look at our, in fact, new student. He had curly, black hair that looked pretty cool to be honest. He wore a plain gray t-shirt and jeans. He looked simple, until you saw his nose piercing and dark eyes that made him look like death.
He took a seat in the back in silence. Figures.
"Okay. Well, with that, sit quietly until the bell rings for first period." Mr. Johnson explains distantly.
Of course everyone didn't sit quietly. They didn't even sit. Everyone stood and went over to their people.
"Are you okay?" Kailey asks rubbing her hands on my chest to my shoulders. I felt uneasy having Kailey so close because the new guy seemed to disapprove.
"Yeah yeah."
"Don't 'yeah yeah' me boy." Kailey spoke softly. She wrapped her arms around my waist. "I love you." She planted a sloppy kiss on my cheek.
"Love you too." I hugged her and kissed her on the top of her red, velvet, hair while still getting a glare from the newbie.
"What the hell do you think you're doing with your life?"
I open my eyes and pull away from Kailey. The voice was too deep to be Kailey's. Plus who would have the nerve to speak to me like that?
"Excuse me?" I snap.
"You cheated. You ruined someone's life you asshole."
"I don't need to be lectured by the new kid." I snarl back. Who does he think he is? He doesn't even know anything. "Just back out of this you don't even know Olivia."
"I know enough." He roared, not even flinching. He stood up and suddenly I felt small.
I stutter as I replied, "I-I bet you don't even know... what she looks-"
"Stop." Olivia said calmly, strutting across the room. When did she get here? She moved in close to the new kid like they were kindergarten friends. Am I missing something here?
Olivia, stood there, wearing a black, loose skirt with black boots. She also wore a tight, dark blue t-shirt that said "whatever". Her clothes hugged her body that showed her curves. Her hair was down and curly. Her hair was usually straight though. It was totally not her.
"Holy shit, Olivia, looking hot."
Why the hell did I say that? I didn't mean to!
"What!" Kailey, Olivia, AND even the new kid gasped in unison.
I think I should leave now.
Author's Note: