
I sighed when he said this, because it was all true and he figured it out before I did. I shifted uncomfortably in the wooden chair because I started to realize that I was an idiot.
"And anyway, why did you kiss her? Twice?" Kerry held up his hands in a way that said "What the hell?"
"Because I love her and-"
"Okay so let me get this straight," he paused making what I guess was his thinking face. "You like Olivia? And Olivia likes you?" I nodded hesitantly. "Then I don't see the problem."
Was he not listening to me at all?
"The problem is that I don't want to-"
"Drag her into your life and problems. Blah, blah, blah. That's what everyone says. Stop making excuses and just love her," he stood up and I realized that it was past midnight.
He silently got his jacket off the coat hook in the back, and locked the door to the office. I still sat there when he walked past. He took out a cigarette and then offered me one. I took it and followed him out the front.
It was warm because of the approaching summer. The air was heavy and no cars were in the road. Kerry kept up the pace walking to his car. I stayed behind, leaning on the wall of the gas station.
"You're not coming?" Boomed his voice from his car.
I shook my head, then realized that he probably couldn't see me, "No."
He shrugged his shoulders, realizing that it wasn't up to him, then got in the car. He didn't start it at first. The car door opened again and he stepped out and shouted, not only to me but the buildings around him too.
"Love solves all of life's greatest problems!"
With that, he simply drove off.
I stood there, twirling the white cylinder that he gave me between my two fingers. I was standing at this same spot with a cigarette when I met the most beautiful girl in the world; inside and out. Sure it sounded cheesy, but that's just how it was.
Olivia has told me that she doesn't like me smoking. She said it reminded her of when her dad smokes when she was a kid; how he always smelled of smoke and how it mixed with his aftershave and it was unique to him. As a kid she always knew where he dad has been because it would smell like him. But when he quit, she was ecstatic, except for that he would never smell the same. Olivia felt like she lost her dad, but in reality, she just lost something she loved. Something that seems to happen a lot, and part of it is my fault.
She didn't like me smoking because A) it was badBut most importantly B) it reminded her of her dad before he quit and it made her upset.
After thinking of all of that, I dropped the dreaded cigarette and stepped on it while I walked away, for I was late to a movie that I stared in.