
Olivia's POV
I was sitting in my room starting to type my history essay that was due next week when I heard a buzz. I sigh in frustration because I had just started the paper seconds ago and I was being interrupted.
I didn't mind though to be honest.
It was a text from an unknown number. Was it weird that I was expecting to see the the text was from Liam who got my phone number by looking it up in a phone book? It would be totally old school and perfect movie material.
But it wasn't. Turns out this person needs some guy named Ted to paint his garage tomorrow. I guess his garage will have to wait because I'm not Ted. And who ever Ted is who gave this guy the wrong number must really not want to paint his garage.
I quickly send that he got the wrong number and go back to my paper. Wait, what is my paper supposed to be about again? I couldn't think of anything because I had to walk home because I didn't get a ride. Sure I walk to school once and a while but it was pouring. My mom or dad couldn't get me either because they were both working. Plus I didn't remember what bus took me to my house.
I was drenched by the time I got home. I was dripping all over the floor. My feet hurt too because I had stepped in a pothole full of water, after my shoe slipped off without me knowing, and scraped my foot that was bare.
Sure I waited a little to see if Prince Charming would put my shoe back on. But that wasn't the case, obviously.
My phone vibrates again on my desk and I sigh in frustration, again. I hope my mom isn't hearing the buzzing through the floor boards because then she'll come up here and ask me who I'm texting. I'm not even kidding she's actually done that a lot.
I lazily stretch to get my phone on my dresser. This time I'm not hoping it to be Liam because maybe if I don't hope for it, it just might happen. Right?
It was the garage man. He said "oh sorry. Ted must really not want to paint my garage since he gave me the wrong number." How ironic is it that I literally said that right after he texted me that?
I decided that I did enough essay writing so I gathered up all my stuff and shoved it into my book bag. I gently set my laptop on my desk. I replied to the garage guy with "haha I literally thought the same thing"
Sure I was texting someone I didn't know but, hey it wasn't everyday you get a text from an unknown number that thinks just like you. He probably won't text back anyway.
Buzz.
I stand incorrect.
Paint my garage guy: we think a lot alike for just meeting
Me: yup
Paint my garage guy: do you know who I am?
Me: obviously not
Paint my garage guy: Olivia, I am your father
I awkwardly and hesitantly check the number again. It was unknown. And last I checked, my dad didn't get a new phone or number. What?
Me: I don't think so
Weird guy: so I watched the trailer of one Star Wars movie, sue me
Me: okay?
1 Star Wars guy: okay.
Me: Don't go all fault in our stars on me. Who the hell are you and how do you know my name?! I will call the cops!
I wasn't having any fun anymore texting this guy. It was weird and uncomfortable. Especially since he knew my name. And wanted to be my father.