
Is this the effect liquor has on me?
I haven't seen Kailey this whole time either. Or was it that I wasn't seeing clear? Or maybe I've seen her but didn't know it. Yeah. Let's go with that.
"Olivia, oh god. What are you doing?" Marcus says finally getting into my view. He holds his hands around my waist trying to steady my balance.
"Marcus, baby! Where you been? You missed the pony head guy!" I scream into his ear making him jerk back.
Marcus closes his eyes for too long and takes my drink away from me. He smells it then makes a face but drinks it anyway.
"Hey!" I yell at him. "Bitch that's mine!" I laugh then burp making my throat burn.
"I think you'll be okay," he laughed at me and threw the cup away but still holding my hips.
"Let's dance!" I hear myself squeal.
I see his friends come over to him and pat him on the back. They linger around him and whisper things in his ear. They are so friendly.
Marcus' POV
"Let's dance!" Olivia screams and shakes her hips with my hands still there.
My buddies all came over and hit me on the back. "Get some!" and "Damn!" they all say. I jerk my shoulder to move them.
What jackasses.
I push my hands on Olivia's hips harder to make her stop moving them. She is attracting too much attention. She's going to do something stupid.
"Oh, dancing like this are we?" She says loudly over the music, her breath reeking of alcohol.
"Oh god." I mutter under my breath.
She starts grinding her body against mine and moving her hips side to side. My hands still on her hips wouldn't move. Her body felt good against mine.
Not even thinking I plant kisses down her neck. Licking her warm skin with my hot tongue made her let out a moan. Her noise quickly snaps me back to reality.
Shit.
"Olivia, I think you should-"
"Oh my fucking god! What are you doing here!" Olivia interrupts me.
She stalks to the living room couch. Watching her walk away after our dance made me feel cold. My so called buddies laughing and saying who knows what. I show them the middle finger and walk in the same direction as Olivia.
Olivia's POV
I can't believe it! What the fuck has this world come too! Does anyone have any common sense anymore? I was at the party, a high school party and he was here too? And the fact that he's kissing someone! He can't have his first kiss before me! He's only 13!
"Collin what the fuck are you doing here?" I yell as I approach him.
My voice makes him snap away from the mischievous brunette who smirked at me. That bitch. I take one last step towards him before my body went timber. My face was coming contact with the hard wood floor. My face was squashed against the surface. It was cold, so cold.
"Shit," I hear Marcus say from behind me. Then I felt super tired.
"I'm just going to take a nap now." I hear myself say before my mind went black. No more drinking.
Author's Note:
Don't let your emotions make your decisions for you.