
"I don't know." I say honestly but way too casually.
"Then why are his pants off?" Kailey asks furrowing her perfect eyebrows together and smirking.
This conversation is taking longer than I intended it to.
"That's why I came in here. Well actually I came in here to pee but, that's not the point." I whisper yell at her.
"Just ask him and be all sweet and flirty." Kailey said halfheartedly. I cringed at her words.
Was she falling back asleep on the floor?
She slid her back down against the cabinets under the sink. I nudge her with my foot but she doesn't budge.
It's no use. She's out.
I walk back out to my bedroom. Thank God he is still sleeping. Now I have to act "sweet and flirty". I cringe again thinking of intently being flirty. It doesn't even fit into my vocabulary. I'm sure I've done it before, but maybe I just did it without noticing. That can happen, right?
I slid back under the cover and curled up beside him. Trying my best to not go near his man junk. My hand drapes over his abdomen that is shirtless. The hot, smooth texture comes to me again. I rest my head on his chest and sigh deeply through my nose. Which wakes him up.
Who knew?
"Good morning beautiful." he spoke still a little tired.
Sweet and flirty.
"Hi," I squeak.
Shit.
He chuckles at my little reply and my mouse like voice. His laugh makes his chest move rapidly up and down which moved my head too.I dance my fingertips along his tough skin and relax my head against his soft shoulder. A guy with muscle to protect you, but also a soft shoulder to cry on.
"You think I'm beautiful?" I ask facing him and setting my chin on his shoulder now.
"It's hard not to say that when you don't have a shirt on." he says and smiles at me.
What.. no shirt.. I... I have no shirt on! I only have my bra and shorts on! When the hell did this happen?!
Why didn't Kailey ask me about my clothing choice?! Which wasn't much! Did she just think that I walk around with just a bra on? Okay... I do do that. But not with a guy in the house. Why is my shirt off anyway? This just makes his no pants situation even more realistic!I start to cover up my chest and slide away from him.
"Don't be insecure now." he told me and wrapped his arm around my almost completely bare back and chest.
I return to my position with my chin on his shoulder. Looking into his green eyes, I wondered if he even remembered last night.
"What's wrong gorgeous?"
I wish he wouldn't call me beautiful and gorgeous when I have NO SHIRT ON!
• • •
Marcus' POV
"What's wrong gorgeous?" I ask her.
Her face falls to have no expression. Something's wrong. She turns her head away from me back to the end of the bed. I stroke her long hair and notice that she is holding something back. She quickly snaps her head back to me. She stares me in the eyes with her beautiful green ones.
"Can I ask you something?" she blurts out.