
I flop my stuff on the table along with my tray. I got French fries and a salad; the cheapest lunch I could get. Liam looked up towards me from across the table and glared.
"What the hell are you doing?" He asks taking my notebook out of my book bag without asking.
Sure, you can have my paper that I payed for because the school is too cheap to buy us notebooks.
"Sitting with you," I reply as he rips a piece of paper out. He's got a lot of papers spread out across the table. "Are you in some smart classes?"
He slowly looked up at me. His lips a tight line. His face expressionless. Without answering he went back to what he was writing.
I awkwardly clear my throat and start looking around to see what to ask next, "Do you have any siblings?"
"No, just a lot of little, annoying cousins." He answers without looking away from his papers. Should I bring my homework and stuff out too? Is this what normal, smart people do at lunch? I awkwardly shift in my uncomfortable seat.
"Where did you move from?" I asked moving to my salad. He didn't seem to want to answer. Instead he avoided the question.
"Can I have your fries?"
I slid the tray towards him watching him intently take all my fries. All my salty babies. Gone.
"Where do you live now?" I asked poking at my salad which was becoming quite boring. Why did I get the cheapest meal? It's disgusting. The salad has slime and my fries are gone. What a great lunch today.
"Chestnut Drive." He simply mumbled.
"Omg! No freaking way I live like on the next road over!" I say excitedly. Finally our conversation is getting somewhere. Plus I can't even believe that I was so excited that I actually said "omg" the letters out loud. Totally went all white girl there.
"No way!" He shouts in a girly voice. I'm pretty sure he was being sarcastic because right after he said it, he went back to his cold expression.
"You took all my fries." I mentioned quietly. I seemed to be coming off as a girly girl to him and I'm not like that. He just brings that part of me out, I guess.
"You took all my time." He grunted getting up, gathering his things and walking away. He just walked away, like that.
I looked over my shoulder to see him leave. His black hair, dark jeans, and gray shirt made him look mysterious. I glad he's not as much of a stranger to me anymore.
He looked over his shoulder at me like he knew I was watching him. He smiled and winked, then disappeared.
See what I mean by the nicest jackass ever!? Olivia problems.
Author's Note:
Everybody wants happiness, no body wants pain, but you can't have a rainbow without a little rain.
Tell me what you think so far.