
Liam's POV
It's not like I meant for this to happen. It's not like I meant for me to be put into foster care since I was 4. It wasn't like I wanted to be tossed from home to home just because they didn't like me.
It wasn't my fault that they didn't care for me. It wasn't my fault that I had to learn how to handle my own problems at the age of 5. The only way I thought of solving everything was to just get away, and it stayed that way.
It was my intention to hurt Olivia.
Now I was here, at the same gas station where I met Olivia. Not the best place to go to get away from her but, I still had a job. Plus, my boss, also my buddy, took me in. He has let me crash at his place; the only problem was that I had to stay until he closed the station which was at midnight just to get up tomorrow at 4. I usually slept in the back for a few hours.
"I still don't understand why you left," Kerry, the boss, remarked. He handed me a small box of Cheetos bags to restock the aisle. "I mean, she sounds awesome and you obviously like her."
Kerry was 22 and he was currently taking college courses online. But since he's had a job at his dad's gas station since he was 16, he stayed to get extra money. He said that when he was done with college and had enough savings, he was going to take his girlfriend to New York City and propose to her.
Kerry is one of those people pleasers, but in a good way. He wasn't like your usual gas station druggy. He always wore collared shirts and his hair was always combed. If you'd see him for the first time, you'd think he was going to play some golf but in reality golf was the most boring thing to him.
"It's complicated."
Hell yeah it was. Everything was complicated.
"Dude, we've got time. It's only," he glanced at the school-like clock on the wall. "10."
Would 2 hours even be enough to explain my shitty life?
I shrugged and decided to spill.
- - -
"I just don't want to drag anyone into my life before I know how to control it first."
Kerry just sat there nodding and adding in a "Proceed" and "Hm" now and then. I assumed that he was listening.
"You, my friend," he beamed. "Are an idiot."
I spit out my coffee that I was previously drinking. Now it was all over the floor, which I'd have to clean up. I just down right told him my whole life story and he called me an idiot. He's the real idiot.
He chuckled at my spitting of the coffee and responded with, "Well, you are." with a matter-of-fact tone.
I shut my eyes completely annoyed.
"Why am I an idiot, oh wise Kerry of the gas station?" I requested, already getting the mop.
Kerry stopped me, grabbed the mop from my hands, and put it away.
"You screwed up big time. There, back at home, is a girl that is willing to take you into her life."
"She only did that because I told off that cheat ass Marcus. All I did was stand up for her and now she says she loves me," I stop to emphasize my point. "She only likes me because she has no one else."
"Liam," he swallowed and sat me down again, like he was my father. "She loves you. You're thinking this over way too much. Plus, you never did ask her why she likes you, so how would you know?"
I opened my mouth to say anything to defend myself but he spoke first, "You only yelled at her and told her all of those mean things because you were afraid, but also because you don't like to get close to anyone because you're a foster kid."