
What? I love food, and he BROUGHT me food. What did you think he said?
"Mine!" I yell and run over to grab the box of sweet heaven out of his hands.
"You brought her donuts?" Kailey asks him disapproving.
"Sit with me people," I say with my face stuffed with donuts and pat the spots on the bed next to me.
Kailey ran to her seat to my left and Marcus took his time to take his jacket off and then sit to my right.
We watched the celebrities sing among the ball that was going to drop. We sang to each song that we knew, which was all of them.
It was 11:55, five minutes until next year, a new start. Kailey was a lame person and fell asleep on the floor of my bathroom. Apparently it's more comfortable than I thought.
"4 more minutes," I whisper to Marcus who is stilling sitting to my right. He hasn't moved since.
I glance over at Marcus and he looked nervous. Was he really nervous about the new year? I know I am. What if this year is my most unlucky year ever? What if this is the end of the world year? What if-
"Stop with the what if's." Marcus said reading my mind.
3 minutes.
"Marcus, about the Halloween party I'm so-"
"It's fine," he cuts me off.
No it's not fine because what are we now? Are we still friends? Do you like me? Was it just a drunk thing? I don't know, that was the first time I was drunk.
2 minutes.
"Marcus, it's not fine-"
"Seriously Olivia, it's fine. Chill." he cuts me off again.
He did not just tell me to chill!
"Never tell me to chill ever again." I say seriously.
He laughs at my serious face and nods. Then turns back to the TV.
1 minute.
Marcus looked over at me and smiles. I can't help but to smile too. Not about Marcus but about the butterflies of the new year.
30 seconds.
The anxiety built up in me so much that it made me stand up. Marcus followed my lead.
20 seconds.
Marcus took a hold of my hand, probably to keep his excitement contained.
10 seconds.
Marcus moved my shoulder towards him so my whole body was facing him. I was smiling ear to ear so excited about this new year.
5 seconds.
Marcus wrapped his arms around my waist.
4 seconds.
Naturally I wrapped my arms around his neck.
3 seconds.
Marcus leans towards me.
2 seconds.
He pulls me centimeters to his face.
1 second.
His lips puckered out and he closed his eyes.
Wait what?!
"Are you going to kiss me, on New Year's Eve?" I smile uncontrollably.