
"I'm Liam. Your daughter agreed for me to help her with history." He began, holding out his hand for both parents. "I hope it isn't a problem me being here."
Both my parents looked shocked. I guess they didn't expect a boy like him, earrings, black hair, and rock band t-shirts with plaid shirts and all, to be super generous and polite. They didn't know what to say to him.
"Well," dad finally said. "We'll be back at 7. Collin is in the kitchen. You know where the food is. And, Liam, nice meeting you."
YES I GOT DADS APPROVAL!
"Don't burn down the house, you hear me?" Mom spoke more to Liam than to me.
Nope, didn't get mom's approval.
They left and it was just the 2 of us again. I smiled trying to brake the awkward "meeting the parents" stage. Liam smirked back at me.
"Your parents," he began but didn't finish. He just shook his head.
"I know. Mean and ridiculous." I finish for him. They couldn't have been more weird. At least when they met Liam, they didn't throw books at him like they did with Marcus. Don't ask.
"I was gonna say nice and different." Liam smiles at me. Whatever, I'm not going to argue with him. I've been with them for my ENTIRE life, so I would obviously win the agreement.
"Livvie, where's those markers that smell good?"
Out came Collin. For a second I was cool and collected until Collin stopped an gave me the look.
"Olivia! Who is this fella?" He sang in a womanly voice.
Not only did I want Collin to go away but I also wanted him to talk to Liam. Mixed feelings right now. I don't know what to think. I'll have to rethink my whole life now. Please wait.
"This is Liam," I explain looking in Liam's direction. He was near the stairs like he wanted to explore more of the house and not just stay in the welcome room where we currently were.
"Well he defiantly doesn't look your type," Collin went on, walking around Liam like he was part of the new fashion design and Collin was a critic. "He's not like Marcus being a goody too-shoes," Collin still circled. He paused looking down at Liam's shoes. "Do you see how big his feet are? Do you know what that means?"
"Collin!"
Collin just wiggled his eyes in response. Liam chuckled like it was no big deal. I on the other hand reddened and sat on the floor covering my face. Why did the munchkin have to be so... Munchkin-y?
"Livvie," I heard Liam say between his manly giggles.
"What!" I snap thinking he was laughing at me. "Are you done giggling now?"
"Hey, guys don't giggle," he said pulling me to my feet effortlessly. "Are you okay?"
"What? I'm fine. Why would I not be." I stamper thinking that I look pale or sick with dark circles under my eyes. "Do I look sick?"
"No, your face is always red."
That only made me blush more. It was adorable how he thought I wasn't blushing around him. That there was simply something wrong with my face.
Olivia, don't blow your cover.
I sighed, "I'm fine, probably from all the sun." I shrug my shoulders.
"No it's because she's-"