
I quickly slap Collin's back before he says any more. I smile at him generously while he glares.
"The smelly markers are in the office area. Go." I squeeze through my clenched teeth. Collin nodded like he was scared and casually walked away. Good boy.
An awkward silence spread between me and Liam. Depending on how you look at it, it wasn't that awkward though.
"Just another example on why I say that you're scary as fuck." Liam's voice sliced through the air.
I sighed and smiled.
• • •
Okay so we did say that we would study. But eh I don't really feel like it. Instead, we sat there, we just sat there. Don't get me wrong, I like sitting, it's just I wish we would ACTUALLY TALK! We were sitting in the dinning room at the table. The old but elegant chandiler hung above our heads. Liam was amazed by my house but he didn't say anything. Looks like I have to make the first move. I guess this will be the opposite of every single, I take that back, most movies where the guy usually makes the move. You know what forget it, this is 2015, REVOLUTION!
Olivia, why are you so hyper? God, take it down a notch before you actually talk to him you dork.
"So, how's school?" now you sound like his mother.
"Fine," he muttered awkwardly. He shifted away from me and I instantly felt heartbroken. I, in return, scooted away as well.
I started the conversation again, "Liam, are you okay?"
He seemed to be shocked? No it was fear? Or maybe it was glad? It was all of that. Shock, fear, and happiness spread across his face only for a second, and then it was gone. A shadow replaced his once expression filled face. Liam stared into my eyes, like he was trying to find somehing. He's not going to find anything because I'm too busy trying to figure him out.
Liam's eyes sparkled but were deep at the same time. This wasn't like any other time that I looked at him. It was special. Don't ask me what was so special about this time, though, because I could not tell you to be honest.
All of a sudden I feel electricity or a spark run through my whole body. I got goosebumps all over my arms and legs. Where did it come from you ask? Well, it was from him. From Liam. He was kissing me.
Liam's lips moving in sync with mine naturaly, and our hands moving where they please. His hands were on both sides of my face while I had no idea where my hands were. Liam didn't let up for air for longer than a second. He made me feel wanted, he wanted this, he wanted to keep kissing me and kiss me whenever he wanted. I just knew. His body heat seemed to be right on top of me but I didn't want to open my eyes in fear of the kiss ending.
But like every great romance movie, it had to end.
I was the first to pull back, although I didn't want to. Liam already had his eyes open when I opened my own. Our breathing was rapid and out of order. He was so close to me that he could probably hear my heart about to burst out of my chest, leaving me dead.
I waited there, staring at him, waiting for something to happen next. What I expected to happen was for him to sit back all cool while I still sat there like the child I am and scream of joy in my head, but Liam had other plans.
He kissed me again.