
Suddenly lightening strikes outside, snapping me out my thoughts and making us all jump. The rain was getting loader by the minute.
"Just the weather I need to be driving in for 8 hours!" My mom says chirpily, but the look on her face says other wise.
Thunder booms just as we're done loading our stuff in the station wagon. My cat, Jiffy, is wedged in between the couch and a pillow, scared to death.
"Is someone scared of the thunder?" I ask him sympathetically and my mom jumps into the conversation.
"He'll be fine Stella, Ms. Patt will stop by to feed him while we're gone." She reassures me.
"Yeah, right." I mumble.
The lady can't even remember to shower. She always stops by to talk to my mom because she's the only one in the neighborhood that actually does talk to her. Ever since Ms. Patt's husband died, she doesn't care about brushing her teeth, bathing, paying bills or even eating sometimes. And her husband died ten years ago. How is she supposed to take care of my Jiffy?!
"Come on."
Wearily, I kiss Jiffy on the head and run fast to the car from the rain. I don't know about you, but I absolutely hate wearing wet clothes.
Lilly sits next to me, earphones in, and popping bubblegum loudly in my ear. The smell of juicy fruit fills the car.
Pop
I turn abruptly to her, aggravated.
"Can you please not do that?"
"Do what?"
Pop
She does it again in satisfaction, a cheeky smile plastered on her face. Siblings...
"Stop popping bubbles in my ear!" I exclaim as she now does so repeatedly.
Lilly motions to the earplugs in her ears.
"I can't hear you!!" She yells, turning up her volume loader and popping more bubbles.
"Are you freaking serious?!" I mumble and snatch them out her ears.
Lilly's mouth drops open in surprise, and instead of her fussing.. she accidentally swallows her gum.
Score!
She clutches her throat, and her eyes narrow at me because I'm the one laughing this time. And she doesn't say a word until my mom finally gets in the car.
"MOM-!!" She squeals like the annoying pig she is.
-" STELLA MADE ME CHOKE AND-!!"
"No I didn't!" I protest and my mom clutches her head as Lilly tattles on.
"Enough!" She silences the car, "We all will be civilized human beings just for these eight, long hours.. please."
"Yes ma'm." Lilly says slyly and my mom turns around, now starting to drive away from our house.
Then Lilly turns and flicks me off.
4 hours later....