
You never realize how much you have it good, until things take a turn for the worse and You never appreciate the simplest things in life until you're deprived from it all. The rays of sunshine playing hide and seek with you between tree leaves, your mother making lunch for you so you can start your day well, or even the simplest such as the crease by someone's eyes as you make them smile.
But when something bad strikes, you don't see any of that, no. All you see is darkness. All you hear are the negatives and all you can touch is cold. All you smell is hatred. All you feel is numb. It swallows you up hole until you can see a light. A light that shines through, making life somewhat bearable.
My name is Stella Reed, and I'm still looking for that light.
_______________________
Many months earlier...
Mr. Mcfluffins, my stuffed rabbit, is hanging out my suitcase carelessly as I load it up in the back of my mom's old station wagon. Yes, I am 16 and still have my favorite childhood stuffed animal.
Don't judge.
Something wet hits my cheek and I wipe it with my sweater sleeve. Water. I look up to see dark clouds hovering over me.
"Stella!!" My 13 year old sister, Lilly, screams from her bedroom, " I need help!!"
"Of course you do..." I huff going back inside as the screen door slams shut behind me.
Lilly is a pain in my butt, being exactly three years apart. Even though she whines and acts as if she were three. I stop in the doorway of her bedroom and a chuckle escapes my lips. Lilly's hair brush was stuck right in the mass of her huge, dark curls. She was plopped on the ground, right in front of a mirror, trying hopelessly to get it out. Her face was priceless.
"Well don't just stand there!!" She snaps and I get right to work, taking a seat behind her. The more I try to pull the brush back, the more Lilly yelps.
"How does this even happen?!" I murmur to myself and Lilly grunts.
"Uh, do you see my hair?" Her voice is coated in that duh tone, "It's like humidity hit it at full force, and this is on a daily basis!!"
"Aw come on, it's not that bad." I suggest which makes her even more peeved.
"Not bad?!" She shrieks in annoyance,"Says the one whose hair is perfect."
If you saw Lilly and I, standing right next to each other, you wouldn't have thought in a million years that we were sisters. Our features were totally different. Lilly was very tall (being almost taller then me at only 13) and she was very small in weight. Her eyes were squinty and filled with a deep, dark brown color. Her hair was also brown but very, very curly.
As for me, I was average height, average weight but slightly paler. I am a ginger, having naturally straight, red hair. My eyes were hazel, but their was more green then brown and I also had freckles that danced on my high cheeks and nose.
I always get compliments so Lilly takes it as if she was an ugly duckling.
"Why did I have to take dad's genes?" Lilly asks herself right as I finally get the brush out.
I can't stand how Lilly was always hating on how our father looks when she's never even met or seen the guy. I haven't technically met him either considering I was three, when he left us and I don't remember a single thing about him.
"Girls, we're leaving in ten!" My mom calls and I help Lilly bring her things downstairs.
This week was our annual vacation trip to Gatlinburg, Tennessee. We stayed in a cabin surrounded by woods and mountains. We go every year, and every year Lilly complains about how she wishes she were on a beach because it's so "boring". Honestly, it's my favorite place on earth. It's peaceful. You don't hear the roaring crowds of a city or have to deal with annoying tourists. My day would consist of early jogging through the woods trails, reading books by the steam and hiking mountains. It's the only thing I looked forward to all year.