
As soon as we get further up north, it starts to snow. We always go on vacation on our winter break because mom loves the scenery of the beautiful snow all over mountains. It truly is a sight to see if your from the south, like me. Lilly was fast asleep, thank god, and mom was driving up a very steep road. A forest was on both sides of it, and I was getting paranoid by the second because of the sleet coating it. The radio was playing a soft and sad country song that some how mom knew. She hummed along to it, tapping her fingers along the top of the steering wheel.
I always admired my mom, even from a young age. She had to be both parents, raising Lilly and I. Occasionally there would be boyfriends but they never lasted long. I think it's because my father. He left her heart broken. Left all of us. I always wonder why and there's so many things I want to know about him that my mom will never tell. And it's always the smallest things such as, Does he wake up every morning and have to drink coffee? How does he like it? Is he drinking it with another person? Another family...? My mind always wonders all over the place until it's to painful to think further.
"Stella." My mom whispers back to me, a warm smile on her face.
"Hmm?" My head snaps up and to the direction she's pointing to. There, a little near the edge of the road... was a fawn.
I couldn't help but make a small gasp in delight. I've never seen a deer in real life. Living in Arizona, you never get the chance to.
"Oh mom, it's so pretty." I gush and watch it intently as we drive closer to it.
It reminded me of Bambi. He was a yellowish brown and snow lay on his tiny, adorable ears. He stayed perfectly still in alert , his eyes fixated on our car.
Until he ran.
The fawn sprints across the road, in front our car. My mom screams in surprise and Lilly wakes up startled.
"What's going on-?" She asks wearily.
Mom swerves away from the beautiful deer and the sleet from under us makes the car slide causing mom to loose control of it. She goes into a panic attack and Lilly's crying. But me, it's like I'm paralyzed. I'm frozen in place not feeling or doing anything.
The car rears off the side of the road, and we all plummet downward the hill. The impact is taking my breath away and I feel like I can't breath. The car slams into a tree nearby, full on. We all lurch forward, the front of the car is totaled and the last thing I see before I start to fade out is my mom drooped over carelessly on the steering wheel. My head is pounding so hard I feel like it's about to explode and I watch motionlessly as blood streams down it slowly.
Until I can't see or feel anything at all.