
That face was not the Skoteinós he knew and loved, no that face was the face of someone dark... Someone impure with no soul left, nor a heart. He was no human. He was a demon.
As Skoteinós watched as his brother was slammed back into a large rock roughly, he raised his eyebrows at curiously. Normally when a human took that great force of damage, their weak bodies couldn't handle it.
His brother should be dead.
That was in it all clicked in his head. Skoteinós let out a bark of laughter, practically rolling on the ground losing it. His brother was confused as he slowly stood up, balancing on his mighty sword. His golden armor was scratched, though it took no serious damage.
Skoteinós stopped with a serious face as he looked at his brother.
"My... You sure have grown into a fighter of light. No, should I say pure, my dear Kartharós?"
Shocked by Skoteinós's cleverness, Kartharós was taken aback from hearing him speak of his name in such disgust. It made his eyes tear up.
Skoteinós noticed and chuckled deeply at Kartharós. "Don't show your weakness to your enemy, Kartharós. I could take great advantage of it." He softly stated.
Truth be told, Skoteinós couldn't care less about his brother. He lost those feelings when he killed his parents and drank their blood to gain immortality and awaken his true dark powers.
'How do I beat someone... Who I love even though I shouldn't? How do I take down... My only family left?' Kartharós thought to himself.
Hissing, Skoteinós grew tired of Kartharós games. He summoned the sword he knew would kill him.
"Árchantes, come forth and assist your master!"
Kartharós stood back, watching in fear as he watched his brother summon a great sword out of shadows. The sword was longer than his mighty golden-silver sword.
However, this sword was cloaked in nothing but shadows and reeked of death. "Skoteinós?" Kartharós whispered in fright as his brother laughed at his vulnerability.
"What's the matter, Kartharós? Don't be frightened brother. It is, after all, a sword."
Before Kartharós could comprehend what his brother just summoned, Skoteinós was just inches away from his brothers face with a devilish grin as Kartharós defended himself with his mighty sword against the Árchantes.
"Oh? So little brother does know swordsman? Well, let's test your strength shall we!" Skoteinós growled inches away from Kartharós face. He chuckled loudly as his brother and him clashed pure light and shadows together over and over again.
Flying in the air as they pushed each other to conquer the other in defeat, they were sweating heavily, but not one gave up and lost what was in front of them: Victory. They were determined to defeat the other, to prove they weren't weak, to prove they belong in this world.
Kartharós had managed to slice his brothers wrist, causing Skoteinós to hiss in irritation and lose his concentration. He fell from the sky, and landed heavily on the ground with a gasp of pain.
Just when Kartharós thought he finally had the upper hand, a feathery being appeared in front of Skoteinós, sheltering him. The being was dressed in a dark purple robe with his black hair that was tinted with purple covered one of his eyes.