
"My Lord, are you okay?" He asked softly to Skoteinós who looked stunned that his comrade had shown up.
Skoteinós nodded, "I'm fine. Why are you here, Lucifer?"
Realization went through Kartharós. This was the fallen Angel who turned to the darkness and tainted his once marvelous white wings black.
"Would you prefer if Kakó came?"
"Enough, I got it."
Lucifer chuckle light heartily and slowly turned to Kartharós. He eyed him from head to toe with his index finger and thumb slowly rubbing his chin.
"So you're the one they call Pure and Warmth, eh? Must say, I am impressed you managed to distract my lord, but do note that isn't his full potential power."
Kartharós rose his blade to Lucifer, who didn't flinch by the contact on his skin. "What do you mean, not his full potential power? He nearly killed me, if you haven't noticed."
Lucifer consider this, "While I did notice you were lacking in concentration and discipline of strength and power, My Lord is filled with shadows and evil. Árchantes, as you witnessed, is the evilest sword there is in the world.
The Árchantes is completely picky of their master, therefor he has been waiting eons for a suitable master. When Skoteinós came along and claimed the blade, you could feel the happiness coming off of the blade as it had found his true master at last."
Kartharós furrowed his brows, confused. "I'm afraid I don't follow."
"Of course you don't," Lucifer stated matter fatly, "You're Kartharós. Being of pure light and warmth. Your kind can't comprehend the shadow magic and laws."
"It's that powerful?" Kartharós asked suddenly, curious himself to know.
"Aye, it is." Lucifer stated as he lent his hand to Skoteinós to help him up.
As Skoteinós stood up, Lucifer bowed before his Lord. Skoteinós looked to his brother with his demon eyes and growled as he came toward him.
Not knowing what to do, Kartharós defended himself with his sword, though Skoteinós quickly used his magic to grace the sword out of his brothers hands and tossed it to the left of them. Lucifer slowly backed away, giving his Lord his space.
"Listen well, brother," he spit the word out, "I am Dark Lord Skoteinós, being who possesses Árchantes, I'm the greatest evil you will ever lay your golden eyes on, understand?"
Kartharós narrowed his eyes at Skoteinós, however that only angered Skoteinós more causing him to tower over Kartharós with shadows beaming off of his cloak.
Swallowing his pride, he simply nodded and fetched his sword back. With one last look at Skoteinós, Kartharós knew what he must do. As he watched his brother stand there on the cliff they were just fighting ontop of, with the wind blowing his black cloak and his shoulder length hair, Kartharós quickly vanished from sight.
Skoteinós gave him no choice but to use the forbidden spell he had found hidden in a box placed far, far away from he ever ventured out. This spell will lock away Skoteinós and his comrades, those who follow him, away in a world filled of darkness.
Once he had completed the spell, he had no choice but to create a place for his kind, for immortals did not belong with humans. In time, these places will be known as Heaven and Hell.
Though they were not for the afterlife, they were for the immortal beings who would live forever.
"I vow to you Kartharós," Skoteinós shouted, a look of pure hatred and darkness written all over his face, "When I get out of this world, do expect company to yours in the skies! I will have my revenge, you coward!"