
-Most of the names in this book are Ancient Greek. Translations are in the summary.
Prologue- Annihilation meets Purification
Long ago when the world was growing there lived two brothers. One was pure with a golden heart of warmth who made everyone feel loved, whereas the other was gloomy, reeked of pure evil and destruction.
There was a world before Earth, a world that was called Atlantica. The world was beautiful, filled with the most dazzling creatures and landscape covering the Earth. The beauty of Atlantica was indescribable to the people who occupied the lands, including those who would raise two different children.
The parents of warmth and destruction did not see the outcome of their beloved children, however, they favored their child of warmth over the child of destruction causing the dark child hatred and envy towards his younger brother.
On the night of the older brothers eighteenth birthday, he grew wary of his parents love and cast them away in the depths of hell where he would leave them there for all eternity.
Seeking revenge, the brother of warmth grew into a fine man. He had heard rumors of a dark person who hungered for the blood and flesh of humans and animals, inside he grew a sickly feeling towards this person and wanted to banish them from his homeland, anything to keep the ones he cared for safe.
But when the day he became strong enough, powers of light grew inside of him, granting him immortality. He was frozen at the age of twenty-five, and by then the dark person became immortal as well at the age of twenty-seven.
Fearing the worse, the brother of warmth finally advanced his magic and strength, and searched for the dark person, who was now being named the Dark Lord. Before the day came where he would face the darkest person in Atlantica, he prayed for happiness for his older brother.
Brother of warmth stood face to face to a dark hair man who stood straight up, laughing crazily at his brothers pathetic look. The brother of warmth knew deep down his brother was the Dark Lord everyone so desperately feared. He just didn't want to believe it.
"My, brother, don't look so shock. Surely you must've known this would happen...for my name is Skoteinós!" He laughed darkly at his flabbergasted brother who had fear and hopelessness in his golden eyes. This couldn't possibly be his brother... Could it?
Brother of warmth stood his ground, gripping tightly on his mighty sword of purification and light. Anger seethed through his veins as he did not recognized this person. This demon. This monster.
His brother was different. He was tall, perhaps six foot, with dark raven hair. His hair covered his left eye, making his younger brother grow curious what the eye looked like. The wind swept his luscious black cloak behind him, falling behind his legs.
Skoteinós nudged his head to the side, revealing his dark lit red eyes, and the scar across his left eye. His brother wonder where he had gotten that scar, but he knew this was no time to ask silly questions.
He couldn't believe his once beloved brother had turned into someone so dark.. Someone filled with so much hatred and evil.
He knew he would have to kill his brother, Skoteinós one way or another.
Skoteinós grew impatient, growling at his brother, "Are you going to fight me, or are you going to run?" He paused before continuing.
A wild smirk grew on his face when he added, "Just like how mother and father did at their death."
Without a warning, Skoteinós bolted to his brother, his dark cape trailing in the air at the sudden speed. The brother of warmth did not see that coming, as he was impacted with a sudden pain in his lower abdomen as he was pushed by such great force, flying in the air he gasped as he saw the look on his once beloved older brothers face.