
A/N: song?
Sky's POV
Today is the day, today is the freaking day. I don't know what to say, or do, or...or anything. Okay, start with the basics then, right we are going to watch a movie first, then I'll take her home because my mum won't be there and I'll make her dinner. I don't know why I'm so nervous, I've still got school until our plans anyway.
I have to tell her about my father, he's a werewolf, which makes me a half-blood. I have the ability to change my form into a humanoid wolf creature with bulging muscles and lightning fast reflexes and speed. I've been taught how to control myself and how to change only when I want. I think Bella deserves to know about this, she needs to know. I'll have to break it to her softly, it will be a big, okay huge shock.
Deciding to do something better with my time than worry I check my clock, 5:23am. Looks like I didn't sleep all that much then. Bella and i stayed at the falls until about midnight, just mucking around, being teenage girls. Even the simple things I do with her make me feel good. Well, looks like I've got a while to school, what do I do? I'll get dressed I suppose, I walk to my cupboard and pick out a Newcastle Jets soccer jersey and matching blue shorts.
Finally deciding that I have nothing to do, I get my phone out and check my Facebook, no new news. It's about half past now and I've still got nothing to do, just as I'm about to get out of bed I get a text. I wonder who that is at this time of morning?
'Sky...are you awake, B' Reads the text, looks like Bell is awake
'Yeah I'm awake couldn't really sleep, what are you doing? S' I reply
'I'm out the front, open your door please, B' bell sends
'Okay, S' I finish
I walk down stairs to see Bell in her pajamas and a duffle bag...what is she doing? She rode her bike in her pajamas with no gear, something's wrong. I open the door and feel a strong gust of cold wind blow through.
"God, Bell, it's freezing, aren't you cold?" I ask hugging her shaking figure
"A little, can we find somewhere warm to talk?" Bella asks
"Yeah, come to my room" I reply. I take Bella's cold hand and walk to my room, it's still a bit cold so i rearrange the pillows on my double bed to make it comfortable. Bella sits on the side furthest from the window with her bag at her feet. I remove her bag and sit it in my cupboard for her, then I climb in next to her.
Before I can say anything, Bella climbs into my chest and sinks head into my neck. She, she looks depressed and sad. What happened? I hug Bella tighter to let her know I'm here for her. "Bella, what's wrong?" I ask softly
Bella doesn't answer she just clutches my sides tighter. It must be extremely bad if she won't talk to me about it. Why of all days today, it was supposed to be happy.
"Bella, I'm here for you, no matter what, okay?" I whisper to her rubbing her back
With a muffled whimper she manages to choke out "Okay, Sky"
"What happened?" I ask again, still softly
"My parents, they...they kicked my out Sky" Bella sobs
"What! Why?" I ask equally angry and surprised