
"Hey, Bella, you know it's our one year anniversary tomorrow right?" I ask turning to face a now dressed Bella.
"Mhmm, I remember, how could I forget such an important day. Tomorrow will be Tuesday the twelfth, we started dating on a Monday, Monday the twelfth to be exact. We'd know each other since year two and never drifted apart. Suddenly my best friend became my girlfriend, weird isn't it?" Bella tells her story, our story.
"Yeah, it's not weird, Bell, it's just different to some people. I know your still a little bit scared what people think of us, but just show them you don't give a fuck and the judgments and comments will stop, promise, Bells" I say moving to her and capturing her in my embrace.
"You know, you mean the world to me right?" Bell whispers in my ear as I stroke her hair
"I know baby, and your my galaxy full of stars, they shine just for you, Bell" I respond
"Mhmm that's cute, what are you doing after school?"
"Nothing, that I know of yet, why do you ask?"
"Cause I wanna spend it with you" Bell says, removing herself from my arms to face me fully
"And to think I didn't want to go to school today, sure I'll spend it with my girl any day, any time" I smile sweetly
"Good, meet me by my bike this arvo after school, okay?"
"Of course baby"
***
Tick, tock. Tick, tock. Come on five more freaking minutes of school, come on I have to see Bella, time speed up, god dammit come on. What was I even doing...oh that's embarrassing. I look down at my book to find little drawings of Bella and our names written together, god that is so embarrassing, lucky she can't see this.
The bell rang right on 3:25 and I raced straight out of class to where I knew Bell would be waiting patiently. After being yelled at by three different teachers to stop running I find myself in the carpark. Looking around I spot Bell next to her yellow bike, she has her jet black helmet in her hands, and her jacket on. The leather jacket is tight and it shows her curves nicely. Since I ride with Bella a lot I have my own helmet and jacket, Bell keeps them with her since I don't have a bike...yet.
"Come on, Sky Blue get your gear on, it's on the back" Bella yells at me from across the carpark
"I'm coming, Bella Swan" I yell back, I always tease her like this, ever since twilight even though her last name is Rae.
As I run across the carpark Bella picks up my jacket and smooths the creases out. I walk right up next to Bell and she slips my jacket around my shoulders, she spins me around and zips up my jacket, slowly. I take my blue helmet and put it on, adjusting the straps to make it fit perfectly. Bella puts hers on and climbs on the bike. She waves her hand for me to get on.
I hop on behind her and wrap my hands around her waist as to not fall of. I feel her tense under my touch, she still gets nervous to. She starts her bike and flips up the stand. Her bike roars to life as the engine begins to heat up. Slowly backing out of the car space with her feet, we end up in the middle of the carpark. Before I know it we're speeding off along the road. I hold Bella tighter and rest my head against her back.
"Bella where are we going!?!" I yell above the engine
"Somewhere special!" she replies