
A/N: The game continues, whats the song called? Also very rarely will I do Bella's POV, just every now and then. And the above picture is Neon Jungle, definitely a good band to check out if you like new music, and did I mention their hot?
Bella's POV
I must admit I love the feeling of Sky clinging to me. When we are on my bike she gets herself so cozy and snuggly. God I don't even know why, but the slightest touch, or her softest words, she still gives me the butterflies, every time. No real surprise there she is so cute, she thinks she's so big and tough, but really she's a big softie inside.
I can't believe how pretty she is, she doesn't even believe me when I compliment her. She's tall, with flawless tanned skin, and her blue eye's, they are like a gray mixed with blue. She slept over at my house about a month ago and her eye's like glowed in the dark, it was an icy blue glow. She had the worlds most perfect smile, it was straight and tight, no gaps, apart from the fact she had abnormally large and sharp canine teeth it was normal. I loved her teeth especially her four longer teeth, when we kissed I can always feel those teeth because of their size, it was nice though.
Her absolute favorite thing in this world is soccer, or me. I hope it's me, I know she doesn't get along with her parents very well. Our relationship is based on the fact we know just about everything about each other, so if something's wrong, or one of us is upset we both instantly know. Especially when she rings me up because she's run off from one of her parents house, and has ended up in the middle of nowhere.
She told me she had something important to tell me if we lasted a year in this relationship, and tomorrow it will be a year, she will tell me her secret. She said it would either make or brake our relationship, I would never leave her ever. She's perfect just the way she is, but if she had something that she was hiding I'd accept it.
I know she hides things, but I'm trying to understand why. She needs space but also needs the comfort of those close to her. Since she has a bad relationship with both her parents and step-parents I think I'm probably closest to her. She will open up eventually, when she's ready.
How far is this place it can't be that much further now. I swear it was only fifteen minutes on a bike, it was only thirty kilometers away. I feel the road give way into dirt, we're close. And a sign Valley falls 5K. Knew it, about two minutes away now. I'll just have to slow down on this dirt road though, or it'll wear out my tires. This is a dirt bike, but I have pretty old tires already so just in case I'll have to be careful.
*****
Finally we've arrived at our location. It's a huge blue waterfall in a clearing of, lush, dark green ferns, trees, bushes and thickets, it's truly magical. It's also home to many species of animals, mostly only found in Australia, we truly do have a wonderful country. I love this spot, it's one of my favorite. "Hey, Baby Blue, come here" I yell out to Sky using her favorite nickname.
"Hmm yeah, Bell, I'm coming hang on" Sky replies
I wonder if she knows why we're here? This is where we had our first date, right in front of the crashing waves of the waterfall. I still remember it, the golden glow of the sunset and a very shy, very icy, Sky sitting beside me. She was complaining about her name for a while before I told her it was a beautiful name, she shut up about it after that.