
*Bella's POV* The point of this is to let you inside Bella's head, to feel what she feels, and to know what she knows. It's going to be a bit here and there. But I feel you'll get to know Bella a bit more :)
"Wanna lay down, you look tired?" I ask a yawning clearly exhausted Sky.
"I dunno, maybe I should stay up" She replies.
"Come here" I state, extending my legs out and patting my thighs signalling for her to lay down.
"Fine" she huffs. She carefully scoots closer and rests her head in my lap.
I stare up into the deep blue hues of the sky and lose myself in it. I tuck a few loose strands of hair behind the barley awake blondes ears. It's nice like this, when we're both quiet and we can just appreciate the small things. Like the way her chest rises and falls in a steady pattern, and how the her eyes flutter closed then open, as she fights off the sleep that is undeniably coming.
A feeling of peace cascades over us, a weary peace but still it feels calm for once. The small clouds to our right are coming closer together and getting darker, forming a dark barrier blocking out the midday sun. A storm is coming and there's nothing that anyone can do to stop it. Isn't it weird, we build so many memories, but still they come clouded, clouded by the opinions of others.
Our demons begging us to open our mouths, to let all our words out. To sell ourselves to them, to change us into something we're not. To throw us in the ocean and watch us drown, they know we can't swim but they do it anyway. The they shush us, no more, they let us tell all the lies but not a word of truth can be uttered. But I'm saying more, this is what I live for, they keep us on a leash but I'm cutting through it now. I'm saying what I wanna say, doing what I wanna do.
I wish I could just be in bed, the feeling of her skin stuck in my head. Drunk on her touch, her body my drug, her mind my dealer. But I guess when you date a 'wolf' there's going to be complications. Swear I won't leave her, swear I will protect her, swear she won't be hurt.
I want her to know, I want her to know it's our life and nothing can have an impact on it. Tell her we're covered tonight and we can sleep sound. I want her to know that I'm all hers. I want her know that we are on the same track. I want her to know how much she means to me. She knows it, I know she does, she just has to be a little less stubborn and get it through her head that I can protect her too.
I always wanted to run away with her and now here we are, in the middle of nowhere laying in the shade hiding from the hospital staff. I would never have imagined this, never. But here we are-
"Bella?" Her silky voice asks.
"Yeah?" I respond snapping out of my thoughts. "What's up?"
"I just wanted to tell you, I love you" She whispers. "Nothing will change that, ever, you're my everything" Her voice quiet and soft.
"I love you too, little wolf" I respond using her new nickname.
"I'm getting up, but don't move" She replies smiling gently. Her body moves upwards and into a sitting position. She gently sits in my lap, placing her forehead against mine, letting our noses touch.
"As much as I'm enjoying this moment, you better kiss me before I go crazy" I whisper to her.
With a gentle smile she leans in a little more and connects our lips gently. Keeping the kiss slow and calm, my hands rest gently on her shoulders and hers around my neck. "I'm not letting you go now" She smiles cheekily while wrapping her legs around my my waist.
"I'm okay with that" I laugh setting our foreheads together. I love her more than words, and it's little moments like this that show it to her, and she shows it to me. I'm never going to give this up, I'm never giving her up, I'm not giving us up. Not for the world, not for all stars and all the planets, not for anything.