
"Because, I told them about us, finding an apartment in Canberra for your scholarship and my college after we finish school. They thought that I was going through a phase and we would end. They hate me, Sky, they...hate me..." She cries
"God, Bella, that's harsh. I really thought they where okay with us being together. Why don't they like us?"
"They said it's against God's will, we are sinners and we will rot in hell, and they want no part in it"
"Oh...." I sigh
"Yeah"
"Look I had another surprise planned if today went well, I've got an apartment close to school that we can rent for another year and a half while we finish school, if you want that is" I say trying to comfort her
"I'd love it, Sky" She answers slightly more happily.
"I also have something for us, to make the place less lonely, It's in the laundry I'll get it later though" I tell her thinking about my 'house warming' thing.
"Okay, can we sleep for a bit before school?" Bell asks
"We can try" i answer her. I lift up the covers and Bell climbs under without hesitation. I get under and get in a comfortable spot. Bella as usual has her favorite spot on my chest where she gets comfortable, she lays face up, watching me. I put my arms around her chest and sing the song I wrote for her. It's a slow song, to help her sleep.
"When I'm with you, I'm happy
I'm happy, when I'm with you
I miss your smile when your gone
And I relish it while your here
Hey baby come and stay with me
I'll be here if your down
I'll be here no matter what
Your safe, Your safe, Your safe
Few times have I felt like this
Felt like this when your around
let me hear your soft breathing
Baby sleep, baby sleep"
I think she fell asleep before I finished, she must have left pretty early. I won't sleep in case she wakes up and needs to talk things through a little. I watch her chest rise and fall, in a steady rhythm to her heartbeat. I start to play with her hair, I braid little bits then undo them again. She has a nice color hair, she's dyed it a reddy orange, instead of her natural dark brown. I like her natural color better but she dyed it for a fundraiser.
She has beautiful skin, the perfect balance between tan and creamy. The funny thing is her size, she's tall but little, where as I'm tall and very big muscle wise. Neither of us are over weight, she's just tiny compared to me. It's easier for me when we sleep, even though I'm always on the bottom, I don't mind.
I wonder if she'll like Dax? Dax is the little blue cattle dog I got, I found him at the shelter yesterday, he's only two months old and he was abandoned by his owners by the side of the road. Him and his siblings where all almost run over by a gas tanker. He was the last one left because he has bi colored eyes, one ice blue and one amber. Honestly I think he's cool, he has a funny dopey look and tilts his head to the side whenever I look at him. You know what I'm going to go get him now.
I slowly and gently remove myself from under Bella, and walk down to the laundry where I have set up a temporary home for Dax till we move to the flat. I can already hear his whimpering. Slowly and quietly I open the door, surely enough Dax was waiting behind it. I scoop him up and tickle his nose whilst walking back to my room. Carefully I slide back in next to Bella with Dax and set him down, he walks to Bella, sniffs her and snuggles into the side of her chest. He likes her that's good, let's hope she likes him.