
A/N: There is a game within this book, the first person to comment the name of the song from each chapter's title will get a follow and a shout out. Hint every song is from Neon Jungle.
****
Sky's POV
Waking up to the strong yellow rays of sun seeping through the crack in the windows I sigh and roll towards the shadows, my safe haven. My dark blue room is covered in light and shadow patterns. It complements the wolves on my quilt covers and pillow. The room is an icy blue like my eyes, and nickname, 'ice' not to mention my name Sky.
God what time is it, it can't be Monday already. Growling at my tiredness from worrying too much last night I check my clock, 7:00am Great an hour and a half to......School. Why can't I just skip my senior years and go straight to my soccer scholarship in the AIS with my girlfriend.
Yes a girlfriend, I'm gay. And deeply in love with Bella, beautiful Bella with her shady brown hair, amazing deep eyes.......and her perfect white smile. God she was beautiful and way out of my league, but I've still managed to keep her. We are what the school calls Fire and Ice. She's fire because of her temper and enthusiasm, I'm ice because I'm shy and my confidence melts quickly.
What happened last night?......oh me and dad fought again didn't we, I guess I ran to mums and slept here. Ugh great all my school stuff is at dads. Maybe I have enough here. Hmm what do I have today anyway? Monday....week B. which means two study periods one of P.E, one of science and a free period just before lunch. That's all five I think, yep five. Bella is in my P.E class, I have to say she looked good when she ran. When her toned legs came out of her track pants and into shorts...........wow, okay sidetracked much.
Okay so all I need is a notebook for study, and a sports uniform for P.E.......Sports uniform.....I should have one here mum and dad both have one. Notebook....I should have an art diary around here somewhere. I need my glasses first or I'm gonna get another headache.
Where did I put them? I was upset, I cried, then I took them off to keep the tears from fogging them up. Ugh glasses come here I'm not in the mood. I run my hands over the bedside table with no luck I check the floor, aha there the sneaky little bugger's are.
Grabbing my wide lens black glasses I adjust them on my nose, checking for any smudges and dust. Finding none I get up and head towards the 'study area' and by study area I mean the corner in my room with a desk and limited study equipment, decorated with soccer stickers and drawings.
Hmm book, book...book? Yes bingo in the second draw that's right, duh my art draw. I LOVE art, and soccer, pretty much everything except people. That's where I falter, I'm pretty much the most antisocial person around, until it comes to my girl, She really is special.
Bella and I are classmates in English, P.E and art. We do talk a lot in class and the teachers always give us the evil eyes. But it's year eleven romance of course we're gonna muck around.
To bad I don't have English today, I'd see Bella again twice, we do have P.E today. Oh well I do have P.E today. I'm not your average girly girl I'm not overweight, or underweight. I'm not a nerd nor a class clown. I have a muscular build, as a goalkeeper I train with weights and I run giving me a sixty eight kilogram weight frame, and a one hundred and eighty centimeters tall. It's a good weight since about eighty percent is muscle, toned muscle on my arms and especially my legs as I kick a lot for soccer, even for a goalie.
Overall my looks aren't horrible I just don't think I have them Bella obviously sees them. From what I've been told I have 'deep blue/gray' eyes, dirty blonde hair, and straight white teeth. My hair has natural ringlets in the bottom giving it a curly finish. I have wide hipster like black rimmed glasses and prefer to wear my hair out with a long beanie. I like black and blue and that's it, dark blue. I like dark colors it keeps me calm I think, and makes me think less about my social anxiety.