
I do it because of a few reasons. The most emotional is my family splitting up, it caused deep emotional pain. The most stressful is the fact I'm hiding myself from my parents, the fact I like girls and they don't know...it kills me...inside. The most annoying is my Bella knows but I can't stop it, I promised her I would try stop but I can't.
I'm such a sad person aren't I? This is why I play soccer, it keeps my mind of all my problems. I don't think I've figured myself out completely yet, I mean I am only seventeen so I have a long road ahead of me. Trust me I've thought about taking a shortcut and ending that road, my journey of life, but I stayed strong and carried on. This is so depressing, it's almost like I have depression, but no I'm stuck with social anxiety. I don't know but social anxiety is hard, I don't think depression would be any better though.
School should start at ten o'clock not nine. It's to early to be dealing with this shit. Especially having a P.E first. God I am way to tired for that shit, as much as I like sports it's to cold at this time of morning, especially in winter. Our teacher Mr. Kelly will probably make us run laps again. He's in a bad mood at the moment because he lost his wife in a tragic car accident. He's a strong man and won't let it show but being fifty three, it takes a toll on him, therefore we are running laps till our lungs collapse.
****
"Five more to go, Bella, Sky, Jacob and Tyson" I hear Mr. Kelly yell, referring to the laps we have to run for phys ed today. Looks like its us four again, the two fastest girls and the two fastest douche bags. I notice Bella slowing down, hmm she never slows down, sprain?
"Hey, Bell, you okay?" I ask her, calling her by her nickname
"Y-yeah I-I just hurt m-my ankle" comes her shaky and stuttered response
"Let me take you up to the locker rooms, you can change and go off to class, or if it's bad I can take you the office" I reply
"I'll just go to the locker rooms, it's not that bad"
"I'll help you then, you know just in case"
"O-okay"
I put my muscly arm around her slender shoulders and help her walk slowly up to the locker rooms. She's so fragile at the moment, it makes her even cuter, if that's even possible.
Walking into the room, Bella grabs her bag with her change in it. Since it's like only five minutes till the bell, I decide to change as well. This school needs a better program with our sports classes, we usually can't change till the after the bell rings. It's annoying because I'm always late to classes after that.
I take out my school top and shorts and turn around to see a shirtless Bella exposing her stomach, her firm stomach at that, oh yeah she still has a sports crop singlet as well. And even after almost a year I'm still getting the butterflies just looking at her.
Okay how long have I been staring a minute? More? Less? I don't know, long enough for Bella to notice though.
"Uh, what are you staring at, Sky?" Bell asks with a smirk
"Um duh, my girl, my beautiful girl" I reply winking at her, before turning around and changing my shirt and shorts over quickly. It's still so cold in here, if Bell wasn't here I'd probably be shaking form the winter weather. Winter is also soccer season so it's not all bad I suppose.
To bad Bell won't play soccer with me, she's pretty fast I think she'd be a great player. Well that and I'd get to spend more time with her, and stare at her in soccer shorts and yeah, basically I'd just think she'd be a good player, maybe.