
Bellas POV
Words can't even begin to scratch the surface of how i feel right now. All my emotions gone, all my thoughts wiped, my tears dried. I feel like i'm suffocating but at the same time overdosing on the drugged effects of too much oxygen. My feet become numb as my breathing intensifies, my head pounds at my skull screaming to me, telling me it's over, she's over. Remember the scene from 'Nemo' when Marlin realizes he's lost everything, that's how i feel, but then there's that one little glimmer of hope at the bottom of the cave, the one little egg, my hope is the hospital monitor, and it's constant little beep and wavy lines. I still have hope, it may be a little damaged but it's hope.
The scene in front of me was horrific, Sky was pale, she could even compete with the moon at this point. She had endless wires connected to her, leading to various assorted devices. A blood stained sheet rested on her broken body. There was a monster gash running along the right side of her head, starting above her ear and finishing below her collar bone. Even her hair seemed to have a blood stained tinge to it, she was in worse condition than her car ended up in.
"Sky" i whimpered out, feeling my chest tighten "Oh my god, Sky" I stated to her unresponsive body as i let a fountain of tears i had been holding in, flow out. Even an old rag would be in better condition than her. "Doctor, will she wake up?" I ask
"To be completely honest, I'm not sure Bella, she, she took a complete hit from that truck. I'm actually confused as to why her bones weren't turned to dust" He replied in monotone.
"Oh" I say, knowing the reason why she's still alive, freakin werewolf for you.
********************
I've sat like this for the past four days, my shoulders slumped, my head against her bed, her hand in mine, her heart monitor never changing its constant steady beeping noises. Sky's chest rises and falls in time with the monitor. Every now and then her arm or leg will twitch and i'll jump up expecting her to wake up, only to be disappointed. every. time.
She's a fighter, she'll pull through this i know it. Maybe not today or tomorrow but she will soon. I feel a slight buzz from my pocket so i reach into my cargo shorts and retrieve my phone. It's a text from Sky's cousin, 'Hey my main girls, girl? You guys gotta go like now, or there is gunna be BIG trouble'
I start typing back straight away, 'Whats happening? Sky is still unconscious'
I feel my phone buzz again, 'Give her one more day, then you gotta go, draggin her out or not, you have 24 hrs'
I shut my phone off in annoyance and frustration and rest my head on sky's chest, "Baby you gotta wake up, please"
"What if i was never, asleep?" i hear a voice, a voice just like Sky's, but there's no one else here? I look around the room frantically, "Down here baby" I hear it again. I look down to see Sky, her eyes wide open, the tanned colour back in her skin, her eyes that ice blue again.
"Sky?!?!" i half yell half ask, and partially die. She's back, she's alive, my girl, she's okay!
She reaches up slightly to grab my waist and hold me tight to her, "I've missed you sooooo much, it's only been a few days but it felt like forever" I whisper to her.
"Your cousin texted me...he said we have to go straight away, but he won't tell me why" I say rather flatly.
"I know why, we should go, he's never wrong" She states firmly
"How do we go? Your stuck here, we have no car, no way of getting anywhere"
"I have an idea, we leave in an hour"