
"I, I don't know...get some rest before Joe, I mean Doctor. Geoffrey gets here. Okay?
"Okay"
As soon as Harry leaves I feel my eyes well up with liquid sadness. They run in rivers down my face and crash onto my lap. It isn't fair, she has done nothing wrong in her life, she even put her life on the line for me by swerving the ute. Sky was the kindest girl I've ever known, sure she caused a bit of trouble here and there, but she was sweet, funny and cute.
Why is this place so lonely? The only noises seem to be the constant beeping of the ugly hospital machines and the odd shuffle of nurses feet. The white is suffocating it's literally everywhere, white roof, white walls, white tiled floors, just white.
My whole body aches, not with pain, but with fear. It seems to consume me, my thoughts...my mind...my soul. It's everywhere, wherever I look, whatever I touch, it just registers with this strange feeling. The feeling of being alone, of depression, of being lost. I can remember everything, but, Sky, she might not remember anything, maybe she won't be able to talk, or walk, or...nothing.
A middle aged man walks into my room, he's pretty tall, he has a short trimmed goatie and prickly brown hair. His glasses sit on his nose in line with his emerald green eyes. The few wrinkles on the corner of his eyes make him seem cheery all the time, yet his face is deadpanned.
"Hello, Isabel..." The unfamiliar man starts?
"Bella, just Bella" I correct softly
"Bella, I've come to do your checks now, I'm Doctor Geoffrey, but call me Joe" the unfamiliar Doctor says
"Okay" I reply sleepily
Joe starts to check my bedside monitoring systems and blood pressure. He scrawls some messy notes before placing his clipboard down. "Lift up your arm please, I have to check your ribs" Joe mutters deep in thought. I lift up my arm while he checks the area around my ribs. As he checks down towards my bottom few left ribs I wince. There's something wrong there, it stings, I wouldn't be surprised if they where broken.
"Okay, you have broken three ribs to your left, and two on your right according to your X-rays. Your head seems to be fine, and I had to stitch up the gash on your calf. Other than that you seem okay, I've prescribed some pain medication for you as well" he informs me
"Okay...what, what about Sky?" I ask quietly
"Skylar?" He asks
"Sky" I say again, she doesn't like being called 'Skylar'
"Okay, well to say the least, she's broken. Severe head injury's, she's broken her left arm, damaged nerves in that arm as well. She also has quite a few very deep lacerations on her arms, legs and chest"
"Oh" I mumble before breaking into tears. She's, she's broken, but she's a fighter, she'll pull through, won't she? "Can, can I see her?" I ask him while wiping my tears away.
"Are you in anyway related to her?" He replies with yet another question
"No. But she is my girlfriend"
He nods quickly seeming to be thinking. "Okay, come with me, she's down the hall. Be careful around her, she's just come out of theater, and she's going to be in a coma. A quick warning, she looks very different with all her cuts and bruises" he blurts out.
"Okay" I say starting to well up again. We walk down the plain hallways around all the other sad patients and family's. The hall never changes, never switches from the dreary white, never changes its shape, it just stays the same, closing in but not moving.