
"Sure" she replies
"Cool, we'll take my ute because it's a bit cold today, plus you forgot your gear" I state
"Okay, can I just get changed quickly before we go, I'm still in my PJ's?"
"Of course you can, as much as I'd like to stay and watch, I'm gonna go down stairs and clean my ute out" I say walking out of the room with a cheeky smirk on my face. I walk out to the lounge room on my way to the garage and I see my mother sitting on the lounge. "Good morning mum" I say completely forgetting she had the day off today.
"I heard what you and Bella where doing, I always had a hunch about you two, always being so clingy and all" my mum says as bluntly.
"Oh....What exactly where we doing?" I ask even though I know the answer very well.
"I know you and Bella where up to no good in there, but honestly your my daughter and I'll love you no matter what. You can love whoever you want and if Bella is lucky enough to have captured your heart, then I'm happy for you two. Now go and clean that god-dam truck of yours before she's finished in there" mum adds
"Thank you mum, we will talk later I promise. Oh and can you watch Dax today he's normally well behaved so yeah" I yell out to her
"Sure Sky"
As I descend the stairs I smile to myself knowing my mum accepts me, dad will be a different story but knowing mum will support me is great. No more hiding, I think to myself as I open the roller door to get to my ute. It's a monster, it's a blue V8 ute with white race lines along the top and hood, at the moment I'm on my P plates so I'll be able to drive on an open license soon.
********
"Hey Bella we have exams this week" I say to Bella with depression lacing my voice, we've got our HSC exams on now. It's been two weeks since me, Bella and Dax moved into our own little apartment. I must say she took my secret very well, at first she thought I was joking about it to scare her but then I showed her that I could turn and she freaked out a bit, well she ran off for a few hours when she figured it out. I can't believe she's still here, after all this.
Dax is loving his new home, he has his own little corner in our room with his own little mat and everything. Me and Bella share the room with him, we've got a new double bed that is actually very comfortable. We decided on making the room blue...that's my favorite color and Bella's too. I've always looked forward to the day me and Bell agreed on something, finally a color.