
"Umm, uh" Sky half whispers, half groans
"Hey calm down I was just stating a fact that's all. I mean you are my girlfriend i am allowed to stare at your perfection every now and then plus your cute" I say to her.
"Does that mean I can stare back then?" Sky asks regaining her confidence
"Am I your girl?"
"Yes you are, definitely my baby girl" Sky answers making me blush
"Well than you have equal staring rights" I reply with a laugh
"Okay, so we going to go swimming or not then?" Sky asks stripping down to her shorts and singlet.
"Yeah, I'll be right behind you, in a few seconds" I answer, I slip my shirt over my head, and change my track pants to my school shorts in under a minute. Now I'm in my black undershirt and navy shorts, darkness. After I've finished changing I walk down to the waters edge to see Sky already soaked from head to toe. Trust Sky to be first in, she's first in and last out every time. I think she's like a regional swimmer, or some high level, let's just say a representative swimmer.
"Come on Bells, by the time your in I'll be out" Sky groans
"I'm coming hang on babe" I answer dipping a foot into the water
I'm about to dive in when I feel arms wrap around my chest and I'm pulled underwater by a strong force. Sky..... "Sky, what the hell I was getting in" I whine
"Yeah slowly" she answers. I was about to talk back when I feel a presence on my lips, Sky can win any argument. Slowly melting into the kiss, I kiss Sky back. Slowly not forcefully, just the way I know Sky likes. I run my hands up and down her back making her smile into the kiss. She moves her hands down my sides making me squirm in her grip, I'm super ticklish. We stayed like this for about another two minutes before we both run out of air.
"I dare you to start another argument, Bella" Sky smirks
"I don't trust you, Sky" I add on with sarcasm
"Awww don't be like that, Bella" Sky pouts
"You know you love my attitude" I say sticking my tongue out
"Yep, who doesn't love a bad girl"
"I know I love my bad girl" I whisper
"Good, you wanna get out it's freezing in here. Trust me I will never call water cold again so this is your one chance" Sky asks
"Sure it is a bit chilly isn't it, I have towels and a change of clothes if you want" I reply
"This is why your my girlfriend, you think of things when I don't" Sky whispers
"I know, I'm smart your not, joking babe joking" I add playfully
"Yeah, I'm smarter and you now it. Don't try and deny it, Bella" Sky replies, damn yep she wins yet again.
I climb out of the water and help Sky out as well. Lucky she's only light, she looks small but she is so muscly it's not funny, she has freaking abs and everything. Then again, it makes her look hot when she's 'protecting' from all the haters. She like squares her shoulders and tenses up, I swear if the school shirts where a millimeter thinner, her arms would brake the material when she tensed.
I walk back to where I put our bags and the rugs. Sky generally fits in my clothes anyway, well only my jumpers and trackies, her muscly build is to big for my tee-shirt sleeves. And her quads are like super muscly, good luck for those is tights, still its sexy as hell.