
A/N: there's a hint for the song title in this chapter :P ~Madz
Sky's POV
"Come on babe get up...I'll have to play rough if you don't" I hear Bella say.
"No, no and again, no, I'm not moving from this spot" I retort.
"Fine, but I warned you" and with that Bella leaves the room. Hmm that's not like her to just give up, yet this bed is so comfortable, I'm not going to move, not even for our performance, I can be messy for those. I mean what is she even going to do, leave me here?
"I'm back Sky, and I'm not going to be nice this time" Bella says walking in to our room again.
"Whatever" I grumble, I'm not much of a morning person and six thirty is to early to be dealing with school. As soon as I stop talking I feel Bell next to me, breathing down my neck. Mmm that's good, she smells like wildflowers. Slowly she gets closer to me, "Bella" I warn her.
"You going to get up now?" she whispers in my ear, but continuing to move closer still. She starts to kiss down my neck and along my jaw line. How does she think this will make me move? If anything I'm now more happy here, she's not the brightest at times.
"I'm not moving now, Bell"
"Fine" and with that she's on top of me, her face inches away from mine. Her knees digging into my sides, she gets closer and just lingers in front of me. Not able to stand this sweet torture I put my arms around her neck and pull her to me. Our lips meet in a heated kiss, as we lose ourselves in our own embrace. Bell moves from my lips down to my jaw bone, whispering my name.
She's such a tease, but this is what I love, being with my girl. "Sky...get up...and I'll keep going...stay and I'll leave you" she whispers breathlessly.
"Fine I'm getting up" I half say half whine. I attempt to get up but Bella has decided to lay on my chest. Doing what I can I lift her over my shoulder. All while she's wriggling in an attempt to get down. As soon as I reach the kitchen I put her down in the corner of the room. "Just because you're a werewolf and have more power than me, does not mean you can just pick me up and carry me around" Bella pouts with mock anger.
"Too bad, you'll live" I joke back
Slowly I put my arms on her waist and kiss her neck, doing exactly what she did to me. Then I move up to her mouth and bite on her bottom lip, before kissing her properly. Bella broke the kiss and moved down to my neck where she left a mark.
"Okay I'm ready for school now" I say happily
"See what your girlfriend can do for you, Sky" Bella replies
"I love you, Bell" I reply rather than get into a whole different conversation, and because I mean it.
"Love you too, Sky. Come on let's get changed for school, unless you plan to do our performance in your pajamas" Bella smirks
With a cheeky grin I walk away from Bella and into our room to get my uniform. Bella walks into the room and gets her uniform as well. Our senior uniforms are white with a black stripe on either side, and they have a little logo with a dolphin on the left side.
Bella and I change into our uniforms do our hair and teeth and pack our bags within fifteen minutes. I've decided I don't need a bike, I like my ute. Plus if it rains we have no way of going anywhere without getting wet, and where would we put our bags and stuff like that?
"Hey Bell you wanna take my ute for a ride to school today?" I ask
"Yeah sure, sounds fun" Bella