
"LADIES YOUR RIDE IS HERE" A ragged voice booms as a blue mustang car pulls up.
"So now he shows up" Sky laughs getting up and offering me her hand. "M'lady" she offers. I laugh at her and take her hand, entwining our fingers together, a symbolic way of saying, 'I'll never let you go'.
"God way to ruin the moment boys" I joke.
"Well we did wait like a minute or so for you, so we didn't interrupt the whole 'moment' or whatever" Scott replies using new air quotes.
"Okay now I feel weird you where watching us" Sky replies cocking an eyebrow.
"Too bad, hop in the back with Jett and buckle up. This is going to be a long trip"
We get into the back blue care next to Jett. He was a small charcoal colour skinned boy, and his eyes where a pale green. He had occupied the right back seat leaving the middle and left back seats free, at this current moment he was leaning against the car door almost asleep, but he grinned and waved at us politely anyway. ************
"You don't happen to have scissors in here do you?" I ask Scott.
"I think there's some in glove box, why?" He replies, leaning over Hunter opening the glove compartment and retrieving a pair of silver scissors. He passed them back to me without taking his eyes off the road.
"Oh no reason really, just feel like a change" I reply. I flipped my hair over my shoulders and started to cut off small strands, slowly getting bigger until I had short hair, only to my ear. Every bit of my dark hair fell loosely onto my lap, every little bit, god it felt free, it felt like a literal weight had been lifted off my shoulder.
I scooped up the loose locks and let them free into the wind, dropping them out the window, time for a change.
"Thank you" I say to Scott passing the scissors back into the front.
"No problem, hey uh, what do you think Sky's gunna say?" He asked looking towards the sleeping girl beside me.
"Well I hope she'll like it, but honestly if you love someone they aren't going to make a fuss over something like this, she'll be fine" I smile back, glancing over at Sky who was sound asleep, her head resting on my shoulder and her arms around me.