
Sky's POV
My mind is trying to tell me something isn't right, but I can't put my finger on it. Bell is beside me, pur fingers entwined while I drive, the ute has plenty of fuel, and everything seems normal. I'm probably just paranoid, aren't I?
"Why are you so tense, baby?" Bella queries, squeezing my tense shoulder muscles
"I, I'm not sure" I reply shakily
"Hey, calm down. We're fine, little blue"
"I'm not little, Bell" I say while sticking my tongue at her
"I know your not, but that doesn't mean I'm going to go find another name for you" she replies with her playful attitude
"Whatever" I smirk.
"You know your cute when your frustrated?" Bella queries
"Uh" I start with a slight blush creeping up my face.
"See, look, your even blushing" She smiles out sweetly.
"Whatev..." I begin before I notice the huge, monster of a truck speeding down the highway in our lane. Bell notices it too, her mouth agape and her body stuck in fear. Everything seems to be in slow motion, I swerve the ute around so that my side is facing the truck and Bella is as far away as possible.
The slow motion fades away when the sonic boom of metal against metal fills the eerie night. The wall of my ute closes in on me like an inescapable abyss. My head jerks forward with the force of the impact. This is it, I think as my head flings forward and hits the steering wheel full force. My body lays limp as the beast finishes carving its path, blood runs in streams down my face, the foul taste of death drips into mouth and finally pooling in my lap. I can hear Bella's screaming as my world begins to fade.
Bella's POV
Shit. Shit! Ugh what is that feeling? I look down to my arm where i see its in a sling, with a heavy cast. What is this tube, it runs around my ears and into my nose. My head is wrapped firmly in thick bandaging, it smells of blood. Where am I? White...white, more white. It smells strangely like different chemicals.
Wait...what happened? "HOSPITAL! SKY! SKY!" I yell and scream as I remember the truck. A young male nurse walks in, he looks about mid twenties, with blonde swept back hair and hazy green eyes. He is also wearing a name plate, Harry. His name is Harry, I think I like that name.
"Hey, calm down. She's, she's, uh going to be okay" he tries to reassure me, but the nervous tone in his voice says otherwise.
"Where is she?" I ask with a slightly more agitated and forceful tone
"Look, uh" he looks at his papers "Isabella" he starts
"Bella, it's just Bella, my birth name is Bella" I say quietly
"Okay, Bella, once your cleared to go, I can show you to her room. Just wait for Doctor Geoffrey to come in and assess your condition and then you can go"
"How is she?" I ask agitated
"Do you want the good news? Or the bad news first?" He asks
"Good"
"Okay, your dog is fine he managed to jump out of the tray before the accident, he's currently residing at the vets. The bad... The girl that you where with... is in a critical condition...she's in an induced coma, and has severe wounds to her head and chest areas. I'm not an expert in that field, but from what I've heard, she may have some, um, permanent damage" he finishes with a sigh
"So...is she going to remember me? Us?" I choke out, a few stray tears forming in the corners of my eyes.