
"What did you want, Bells?" I hear Sky ask
"Do you know why we're here, Baby Blue?"
"I'm pretty sure this is where we had our first date, and kiss, and when we truly opened up about our troubles at home. I definitely remember our first kiss though that completely changed the way I saw you, not as a friend, but as someone I could love and trust openly without fear of getting hurt" Sky states
So our first kiss then, I remember that like it was yesterday. She was completely red and embarrassed for about a minute, then she completely took over. No more shy Sky that night.
I know everybody says this but you know the butterflies people talk about, they have ten times the force to what a butterfly would have. It's insane I still get them whenever Sky's close. She told me she still got them to, it's probably just me or something but I find it cute.
"So...Sky do you wanna sit near the water or closer to the bush tonight?" I ask
"Uh, the water sounds nice I think Bells" Sky replies
"Cool, I'll just get the rugs out of my bike bag, you wanna go find a spot to sit while I get these out?" I ask her
"Sure meet you near the water" Sky says as she walks away from me, with a huge grin. A mischievous grin at that, what is she planing? I will find out eventually, actually I probably won't know until she does what ever it is she's gonna do. Damn her secretive self.
Growling at myself and Sky I walk back to my bike. I have a small black bag attached to the back, it's for small things when I go on bike trips. Today it carries two rugs for warmth and comfort, and towels for the fact I don't trust Sky near water. She always ends up in it, or I've been pushed in with her. I also brought two hoodies and two pairs of track pants for later, if we end up wet that is?
I also have mine and Sky's school bags on the back next to my bike bag, that way we didn't have to go home first to drop them off. It was just easier I suppose.
Taking the rugs from my bag I walk towards the noisy yet peaceful waters edge. Sky's close to one of the mini pools of water, I wonder if she wants to go for a swim?
I notice Sky flicking water off herself, she's getting soaked, well that's what she gets for sitting so close to the flowing water. "Stupid water" Sky mutters, kicking a lump of grass on her Left.
"Who you talking to?" I ask
"Holy shit, where did you come from, Bella? You scared me half to death" Sky whines
"You still haven't answered me yet, Sky" I reply
"Fine, I was talking to the rain, and clouds, and life" Sky answers with a dramatic tone
"Has anyone ever told you your weird?" I laugh
"Yeah everyday pretty much" Sky say's sticking her tongue out
"I like weird....Very much"
"Really....Is that because your weird to?"
"Maybe it is......so are you up for a swim?" I ask
"Yeah, if you come" Sky replies
"If take of your school uniform and leave your singlet and sports shorts on, you've got a deal" I reply
"If you really wanna come with me, then sure" Sky replies with a smirk
"I could watch you all day, baby" I answer in her ear