
Moving my art gear to the side I find the art book I was searching for. It has a cream colored cover and clean, crisp white pages, just what I need. I fix the draw and make it 'neat' again. Yeah my room is quite messy. I walk out of my room towards the door when I trip face first on the floor. "Ugh" I sigh out loud, looking for what it was I tripped on. Oh my blue keepers jersey. It's blue with white strips on the sleeves and Adidas written in the center chest area. It has the number 1 on the back with my name above it. Soccer is my life I just love it. That same jersey is also the reason I'll have a bruise on my face, great just what I needed, I hope Bella doesn't find a reason to touch it later, knowing her she'll find a way though.
Back to what I was doing.....kitchen. Hmm house is yet again empty. Just another day in the Blue household. Yes mum and dad named me Sky to fit the last name, Sky Blue. I like it though its a great name, sounds like a superhero name i suppose, okay not really. Let's see I guess mums already working and step-devil has left me alone again, how unlike him. This house is so lonely, even my little brother in year eight isn't hear, I miss my little brother as much as I say I hate him, I miss him when I don't see him.
I wonder if mums been shopping recently? I hope she has something so I can make a suitable breakfast to study I have a lot of studying to to this week, we have half yearly exams soon, in two weeks to be exact. My subjects are fairly different to the rest of the year, I have extension science, extension English, extension history, extension art and math. Math is my weak point but I need to study it somehow so just normal math will suffice I think.
Opening the cupboard door I find some cereal, that will probably do for today, I hope mum has milk in the fridge. Let's see, fridge......juice, soy milk, aha normal milk...still in date, bonus. Stupid step-devil or Anthony drinks that horrid soy milk, he's not a vegan or anything but he thinks it tastes better, eww. I'm not against him drinking it, I just don't like the thought of it.
***********
It's cold outside, and lightly raining, yippee....note my sarcasm. The walk to school is pretty long, about a kilometer roughly. It's not really that long just seems like it when your walking closer to your doom. The rain is not making this any better either. My navy blue uniform jumper is not very warm its thin as anything. It would be cool to have schools like the ones in America because most schools over there you can wear what you want. Over here in Australia we have uniforms so kids with more money can't wear really expensive clothes and tease the poorer Kids. I agree with the idea I just wish they'd give us warmer jumpers that's all.
There is like no path on the way to school and it's all overgrown grass. Yuck I'm not a girly girl or anything but this is seriously gross, waist high grass covered in dew that seeps into my uniform, great. I think to much don't I? When I think it makes me feel like shit, I over think then I cause myself pain.
My pain it's a good pain, a deep pain, an emotional pain. Deep thin cuts, cut with anything I could find to induce pain. A sharp rock, a razor from my pencil sharpener. God it hurts like hell, but it seems as though my pain seeps out with the blood, my emotional pain that is. You see I have no one to help me. I have no  friends at school that are there for me when I need them. Therefore my left arm cops all these ugly scars and cuts. I really just need Bella to hug me when I'm down and tell me everything's going to be okay, she helps me through things. She is my one and only and I care for her deeply.