
"Oh my god, you can count" I reply with joyous sarcasm.
"Can't I just admire my girlfriends body without being hassled" Bella smirks while running her hand over my stomach again.
"Well I suppose you could, but now is probably not a good time" I hear, sounded like Scotty.
"Scott!?!" I yell out
"Over here girls" he yells out again, his voice draws me to a spot on the beach, only twenty meters away. Yep knew it, he has found his perfect man. As we walk closer to them Scotts mate grows more detailed, he has a perfect jawline, perfect blonde hair styled in a short crew cut, and the deepest color green eyes I have ever seen, not to mention his dark tanned colored skin.
"Hey, Scotty, this is, Bella my girlfriend" I greet squeezing Bell's hand as we emerge closer to them.
"Hey guys, this is my boyfriend, Hunter, it's nice to finally meet you, Bella. You know, Sky never shuts up about you? She's always going on and on about how amazing you are" Scott says with his usual charm. I return his greeting with a nasty look, I don't always go an about Bella, or do I? Never mind that anyway.
"So, Scott what's the go with, Viktor, he's getting closer to us, I know" I ask now that we are finally here.
"He got, Aunt Judy and her kids, slaughtered them on site, at their house. It was a terrible when I went to check on them, nothing remained of their belongings all taken. My guess, Viktor needs all the information he can get" Scott seethes
"Alice, Beth, Dani, Judy. All of them gone in one go, he's getting bolder. We need to band together, Scott us four, safety in numbers. And, Hunter what's he? Supernatural or human?" I ask panicking over the four deaths that had just occurred.
"I'm a supernatural, not wolf, not vampire. My race doesn't even have a name, I found a book once on my species, they call us Sentinels. I have power to manipulate objects with my mind if they are natural non man made objects, I can also become invisible. As for banding together we have discussed that, but it would be five, Jett an orphan wolf we have taken as our own must come with us" Hunter announces.
"Okay, I think we should do it, Sky, we would be safe if we where together" Bella says to me
"Where are we going to go?" I ask no one in particular
"Canberra, that's the furthest point from any kill, Viktor has made, theoretically it's the safest" Hunter voices
"I'm in if you three are, and one more question, how old is, Jett?" I ask
"He's six, he can walk, talk, read and write. He has incredible talent, no normal six year old can do what he can, I'd say he was used in a lab experiment that went wrong. Also, he's already phased" Scott answers in deep thought.
"I'll message you tonight to see what the plan is, for now let's have fun" I say, while picking up Bell and running towards the water.
******
As we had discusses yesterday day we where to move straight away. Me and Bell where ready, our education was no longer needed, Bella had been phoned she was accepted into CMADI in Canberra. I had a scholarship at the AIS, Scott and Hunter have both already finished school, and little Jett was going to be homeschooled.
"You ready Bella? We gotta go!" I yell out
"Yeah just grabbing Dax!" She replies quickly
I walk to the ute and set up Dax's harness in the ute's tray, and place all our bags into the back. Bella walks out with Dax bounding along behind her like a little kangaroo. He loves the ute rides, I think it's because of the open space and wind.