
Sky's POV:
"I have an idea, we leave in an hour." I said quietly and quickly.
"Well, what do you want me to do?" Bella asks?
"I dunno, get whatever you have left s..s..som..ugh fuck it! somewhere safe, and don't tell anyone I'm awake, p..pl..please." I stutter
"Hey are you alright, your stuttering a bit?" Bella quetions
"Y...yeah, it's pro..probably because of m..my head in...inj...injur....UGH FUCK THIS!" I yell
"Shhh people will hear you, you need to calm down, okay?"
"Okay." I sigh annoyed and tiredly? I feel exsausted already, i've been 'sleeping' for days how can i be tired? "Bells, i'm tired?" i ask more so than say.
"It's okay, just try not to use your head to much, lets just get ready then you can rest once we get wherever we're going"
I akwardly shuffle my legs over the side of the uncomfortable hospital bed, my legs tremble ever so slightly as I place my right leg on the floor gently then my left. A shooting pain flows right through the long gash on my head, wait when did that get there? Fuck that hurts.
"You can't walk Sky" Bella huffs quietly behind me while putting an arm around my torso to steady me. "See your trembling, the only reason your standing is because I'm holding you"
"I'll be.... fine, just gotta go slowly, we can't stay here even if i was still in a coma" I need her to understand, we can't stay here, we cant, he'll get to her, she can't wait around for me, we have to move.
"Come on I'll help you dress" She states picking up a pile of clothes, my cheeks redden slightly but I don't deny her "what?" She asks noticing me blushing "it's not like I haven't seen you without anything on before anyway"
After removing the thin hospital gown I struggle into proper clothes, with a little help form my gorgeous girlfriend. "Come on Bells, we better go" I mutter while slipping my last black shoe on.
"Okay, come here I'll have to help you walk" She states wrapping an arm around my waist to keep me from falling. We walk slowly to the door, slowly and painfully.
*********
A painful hour and a half later we struggle out of the hospital and into the open air without being caught. We managed to duck and weave between the wards and eventually stumble out into the fresh Australian air. God it was good to be outside again, I've been in that place for an eerie while.
Now the next part of my plan, well, that would be if I had a next part, honestly I didn't think we'd get this far to be honest. I just gotta sit for a while to figure something out, we'll think of something. "Bella can we sit in the shade for a few minutes, please" I ask sticking my bottom lip out attempting to get my way.
"Yeah but let's move out of the hospitals line of sight" She replies helping me move into the shade behind a few loose rocks and shrubs. "What are going to do now?"
"I, I don't know yet, just let me think for a while" I reply.
"Hmm, okay, don't hurt your head" She quips beside me in a joking manner.
"Hey that was rude" I shoot back sticking my tongue out at her.
"Does it look like I care" she continues with the charade.
"Bingo! I'll ring Scott and he can come get us, easy done" I reply happy with myself.
"Okay, sounds like a plan, do you know where he is?"