
"Bella, Bella?" I whisper to her trying to shake her awake gently
"What Sky, what time is it?" she replies groggily
"It's six thirty, and it looks as if you have a little friend" I say trying not to laugh.
Slowly Bella opens her eyes and they land on Dax, who has already fallen asleep next to her. "Don't wake him Bell" I whisper
"Awww he's so cute, what's his name, Sky" Bella squeals
"He is Dax, he's going to come with us to the flat to keep us company" I answer
"Can I please wake him up, please, Sky, Please"
"Of course you can"
Bella picks up Dax and he gives a little puppy breathed yawn. "Awww, Sky look at his eye's they're so cute" Bella coos
"Thought you'd like him, he's a little cattle dog, I saw him at the shelter on Friday last week"
Bella puts Dax down, his tail going a million miles an hour in excitement. "Sky, when can we leave, to you know, the flat" Bella asks climbing over to me.
"Whenever your ready, I've got it on hold for when your ready" i answer
"I'm ready as soon as possible Sky, I have nowhere to go" Bella says with a shy grin getting closer still
"We can start moving tomorrow because we've got our date tonight, but you can stay with me until we can go, I'll tell mum I'm having a sleep over, okay?" I say
"Really, okay thank you, Baby blue" Bella says finally close enough to pin me under her. "You know, Sky, your pretty vulnerable and kinda cute like this" Bella whispers in my ear. Slowly she comes towards my mouth and captures my lips. I kiss her and she kisses back, she starts to move her hands towards my shoulders to keep me still, while her knees are beside each of my hips. I mess up her hair with my hands and roll her over, now pinning her underneath me, "But I'm still strong enough to switch us around, and make you the vulnerable one" I whisper in her ear, seeing her make a visible shudder. Just as I'm about to continue our make out session Dax decides to come squealing through us and jump onto a flushed red Bella.
"Dax!!!" we both whine, then end up in a fit of giggles. All this while Dax rolls around on top of us, attempting to bark. He sounds like a sick frog, poor dog.
"Looks like your gonna have to brush your hair again" I chuckle
"Really, this is your fault you know how much I hate brushing my hair, Sky" Bell mumbles
"I can do it for you, if you want me to" I add
"Fine"
I get up off my bed and walk towards the bathroom, where a hair brush, and hair ties are. Finding what I need I return to Bella. "Here baby girl, sit up so I can get to your hair" I ask Bella whilst squeezing in behind her without disturbing a sleeping Dax.
Grumbling Bell sits up and leans back into my chest,"Bells, I can't do your hair like that. Sit up a little bit please?" I ask sweetly
"Ugh fine then" she mumbles softly, while she sits up properly. I start to play with her hair and end up putting her auburn locks into a five strand braid, it looks nice even if I do say so myself. "I'm done Bell's, wanna head into town for breakfast?" I ask