
The pressure of school is starting to build up now, we are getting closer and closer to year twelve now. I've had something else on my mind as of late as well....Viktor. Viktor was very dangerous, he is a well know vampire in the supernatural world. He's hunting anyone with our family blood, as we have blood of the first wolves. The first of our kind would be my great great great great great great great great great grandfather and grandmother.
Slowly more packs appeared from the rupture between worlds, between Earth and Dark-nova. Then the packs started breeding between each other and we got hybrid wolves that went out of control. They had purple eyes and a nasty glare. About six hundred years after the first wolves, the vampires appeared, no one knows where from or how, but their here now. They where big, pale, ugly and hungry. They had the most disgusting yellow eyes, the yellow was like the color of rotting flesh.  Skip about three hundred years and your at present time.
The special thing about Viktor is his race, he's a hybrid. A mix between werewolf and vampire. He has very bright and unmistakable red eyes. They where like the color of blood, thick crimson blood. His skin, it was, dark, almost like pitch black, it was the color of the night sky. No one knows why, vampires are usually pale, like cream, but he was so dark he could blend into the night and the shadows with ease.
I really want to keep Bella safe, but she wants to know more and more about us, that could potentially be dangerous. I won't let anyone hurt her while I'm breathing though. I've been talking to Scott, he's my cousin. Quite a lady's man, except he's not really interested in the girls. He's quite a catch I've been told, I can see why, even though I'm gay I can still see it. Short cut black hair, deep brown eyes, a little bit of stubble that covers his chin and jaw line. He also has the fittest body, eight pack, and no hair, for a werewolf that is almost impossible to not have hair on your chest if your a male.
I'm supposed to take Bella to meet him later on today, we both get the last two hours of school off so we are going to meet him at the beach this afternoon. He's bringing "someone special" with him, no idea who. Rumor has it that he's finally found himself a mate. If I could guess it won't be female that's for sure, and it won't be my age. Scott himself is twenty one, so this person will be his age or only slightly younger.
"Come on, Sky, we have to get going now" Bella's voice booms out to me.
"I'm coming, just hold up a sec" I yell back, with that I get my car keys and school bag and run towards the car. When I turn on the car Bella hops straight in the passenger seat and immediately plays with the radio until it's on her favorite station. As I pull out of the garage, hand on the gearstick Bella entwines her hand with mine. It sends a small chill up my arm, I can't believe she still does this to me.
As we drive along my favorite band comes on the radio, "and now for Neon Jungles song, Braveheart" the radio announcer, announces. One of my favorite songs too, "Show me what you got
Gotta show me when the beat drops
Braveheart" I sing along until I feel Bella's hand move from mine to my knee. Slowly she rubs circles with her fingers. She always tends to do it, whenever she's thinking about something, she doesn't even know she's doing it most of the time. But weather she knows if she's doing it or not, it's still awfully distracting but I don't mind.
As we pull up to school the song finishes, great timing.
"Come on, don't wanna be late for our performance today" I squeal excitedly. I get to sing and play my guitar while Bella does her dance that she choreographed herself. It's for a big showcase, a few members of the Canberra Music And Dance Industry or CMADI are going to be here. That's where Bella wants to go, she's been dancing for as long as I can remember.