
I'm singing a song I wrote last year, I wrote it for her so she's had plenty of time to work in her choreography. Her costume is probably the most sexy thing I've seen her in, ever. It's a tight purple dress that flows after it reaches her hips. It's a tone of purple that starts of light at the top, but by the time it reaches the bottom it's dark. Did I mention she made it herself in textiles this year.
We meet in the performance space to set up after first bell rings. Bella's already changed so she's decided to help me set up the amplifier and my guitar stand plus the microphone. I check my watch and see that we have an hour to practice, and I know for a certain fact, we won't be practicing the whole hour.
"Hey, Bella we've got an hour ish, wanna practice a bit?" I shout out anyway.
"That depends on what we are practicing" she replies with a sexy smirk.
"What do you want to learn?" I ask returning her tone and facial expressions.
"All about sky, this girl that I know, she's supposed to be here somewhere" she answers excitedly.
"I know where she is, want me to show you?"
"Yes please"
I wander closer to her and run my fingers over her exposed collar bone and shoulders. "Is this who you want?" I whisper, now that I'm behind her. She gives a slight nod so I turn her around to face me. I lift her up and she wraps her legs around my waist and her hands around my neck. I kiss her neck slightly and nibble on her ear, she just tilts her head to the side. Getting her message a move to her lips and kiss her hungrily.
She bites my bottom lip and kisses me harder. With a slight chuckle I feel her shift her weight a bit. She then runs her tongue across my bottom lip asking for entrance, which I gladly give.
"GIRLS, WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?!" a female voice booms
As i put Bella down I turn to see my music teacher standing in the doorway.
"Umm, how long have you been there Miss Collard" I spurt out.
"Long enough, I knew you two where up to something, always so eager to see each other. As much as I respect your decision, that is to much PDA for school, we have a thirty centimeter rule remember" she says, I think in a happy tone.
"Do you uh, want us to leave?" Bella asks from behind me where she is holding my hands.
"No, I respect you both. Why would I not, your both talented young women, and you should be proud of yourselves, sorry I'm early but I wanted to see you run through your act once before everyone got here. That was not the act I was expecting either" Miss says, with a slight chuckle.
"Okay I'll set up the stage lighting then, Bell's you want to get into position" I say cheerfully knowing that this song and dance will for sure surprise Miss Collard.
******
Once all of the audience take their seats I poke my head out of the big navy blue curtains on the stage. Wow the whole school is here, a few parents checking out our curriculum, and most if not all of the teachers. But who could forget those three very important bitches, the scholarship givers.
"Ready, Bell?" I ask slightly nervously.
"Yeah, do you know when we start?"
"Any secon..." I start
"Welcome fellow students, teachers and to our parents. I'd like to extend that welcome to three of Australia's most prestigious dancers, here today to judge Bella in her dancing" Ella our school captain announces