
Once upon a time, there was a great land called Tumblr. In Tumblr there lived many things. Fans, food, hipsters, cats, and fandoms. Any fandom was accepted in Tumblr, whether they were big or small, whether they were twisted or normal, whether they were hated or not, even if the fandom didn't even make any sense, they were all accepted.
Now one day there were two fandoms, one was named Homestuck and the other was Hetalia. From the very beginning from which they met, the two instantly despised each other. Since then, they would argue and rage against each other for the most silliest and idiotic things. The two disagreed on anything either one would throw at each other, and frankly, no one is really sure why. Fandoms who were smart enough knew never to go between these certain arguments. Not even MLP, the one who preached on and on about friendship and magic, didn't even dare to step forward to stop them.
Yup, COMPLETELY hate each other.
But that didn't mean they could not love as well, right? Or at least be friends per say.
One day Hetalia was walking down the roads of Tumblr, admiring one of his OTP's in his hands, which was USUK. Things have been going well for him lately, his papa, Hidekazu Himaruya, slightly changed the art style in his webcomic (resulting in him being more attractive and earning him more attention), and he hasn't seen Homestuck almost all year!
'Hmmm, I wonder where he's been', the fandom thought. 'Maybe I should go check' Hetalia shook his head and chuckled. HE go see his worst ENEMY? Hetalia laughed once more and continued admiring the shipping in his hands. After a few moments he stopped his tracks and took a few steps back. He then peeked to the dark alley in which he almost passed. He couldn't see a thing and could hear soft sobs and whimpers coming from the direction. He suddenly got curious and looked closer at the curled up figure and other figures standing near him. He then got closer and tried to make out who they were.
He could tell the other figures were normal fans (or anon hate maybe), and the curled up figure looked beaten up, too. He took a small step forward and said a silent 'thank god' that they couldn't notice him. His eyes widened in realization when he discovered who the beaten up person was. In fact, it wasn't even a person,
No, this was Homestuck. An unknown human figure smirked at Homestuck and curled his fist into a tight ball, looking ready to smash Homestuck silly with it.
Everything suddenly stopped around Hetalia and felt something snap inside him. All he could see was red when he unconsciously beat up the human figure in less than a minute and threw him to the ground, hearing a small 'crack!' when he did. Everything suddenly went back to normal as he glanced at Homestuck, who now looked at him with a wide eyes and a gaped mouth.
Hetalia looked at him and grinned at him, acting as if nothing happened at all. "Hey Homestuck!" He said in his usual jubilant manner, as if they were best friends or something.
Homestuck still stared as his face turned instantly green. His eyes darted all over Hetalia, noting his well toned figure, adorable smile, and that he looked taller than usual. Homestuck knew what this meant... Sorta. It's either he got more popular during the year, or his art style changed, resulting in... This. A few moments past and the two just stared at each other.
"H-Hetalia?" He whispered, still staring in awe of him.
"Yah?" Hetalia smiled.
Homestuck stared at him awkwardly. He could feel his pupils dilating and turning into two little hearts.
"Fucking hell?"