
Silly teacher
She wants me to write her homework in cursive
Silly teacher
I have the urge to write"Lawl, homework? Nah, demigods to busy for that!"
In cursive
On my homework
And turn it in
>:)
But then I would get suspended
But it's worth it-
Ugh I didn't go to school Friday
And my teacher gave me like five worksheets to complete
I'm not doing ALL of them
That's like asking me to
To eat fish
It doesn't happen
You guys wanna know why I don't eat fish?
Cuz Nemo
The end.
So another thing I hate about fanfics
1) WHY IS THE MAIN CHARACTER ALWAYS SMART AND BEAUTIFUL OR EMO AND BADASS
I WANNA SEE A CHARACTER LIKE THIS"Jamie looked at herself in the mirror, She was content with her average looks. Her huge glasses that slipped down her nose a lot, her straight light brown hair that was always pulled into a braid, and her black eyes that seemed to burn into people's soul. Jamie was a happy person, nope, she didn't get beat by her step-father that apparently all fanfics need to have. "
And then, I want her to be clumsy
Extremely clumsy
Like"HEY IS THAT YOU- CRAP *trips over air* "
Random kid: HAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHA-
"That wasn't very nice"
Wouldn't that be fun?And instead of the character falling in love with likeNico or Leo or Percy or Jason or even frank
They could make up a character
Ohhhh make her fall in love with a monster
Like I wanna make a son of medusa
Like he has black spiky hair, light purple eyes with the pupils the shape of a snakes head cuz I can, and tattoos all over
>:D
I need it
Meh maybe I can draw it and show it to you guys
With my horrible art skillz of course*flips hair*
I'm so weird
Whyyyyyyyy
;-;
I realize everyone I meet
Is insane and doesn't fit in
But if there are so many people who don't fit in
Then
Why don't all the "non-fitters" become friends
Duh
Problem solved
I'm a genius
And then everyone on wattpad has a horrible past and I just wanna give everyone a virtual hug and tell them it shall be okay
*gives virtual hug*
Embrace my hug, I don't hug often
It's like*people hug me*'Oh gods, is her mortal skin touching me... What if they have like a normal sickness... Gross...'
So I just back away awkwardly as they laugh atMyAwkwardness XD
Life story XD
Anyways, my step-mom made a big chocolate bar
And I'm hungry
So byeeee Love ya guys