
June 14 2015
Lia's POV I did it through love. Everyone and everything revolved around her. And nothing was left for me, even the love of Jc Caylen. So, I did what I had to do. I got rid of Jenn Mcallister.
At the court house.
Judge: "Lia Marie Johnson can you tell us, what made you kill Jenn Mcallister?"
Me: "Everything she did was perfect. Everything about her was perfect in general. When I started dating Jc, his fans didn't accept me. They liked jcpenny and not jia. I always get compared on how bad I was and how great Jenn was. And even when I told Jc to stay away from Jenn. People still liked jcpenny. So I got rid of her. She ruined my life, so I ended hers."
Andrea: "SHE RUINED YOUR LIFE?! For all I know, your the one who ruined hers. You basically took everything on what belonged to her, from love life to friends and to fans. Yes, I was mad at Jenn but it doesn't mean that I would want her dead."
Me: "I'm sick and tired of everyone mentioning Jenn and how she is as a person and they always made me feel like I was worth nothing and I thought that if Jenn was dead. Everyone would forget her. And I would soon replace her."
Jc: " Lia, I stated dating you because I though you were a kind, nice, sweet, and caring girl. But now, all I see is the jealousy you had for Jenn. You didn't love me, you love Cameron and I know you cheated on me with him. And I was so stupid to listen to you about staying away from her. You know why I like Jenn? I like her cause she's not you. "
Me: " SEE! This is my point, people are always comparing me between Jenn. I mean what does she has that I don't have?! "
Jc: " Lia, you have a pretty face yeah and I liked that about you. That was a bonus cause I though you had a nice personality and that's what I look for in a girl but, a pretty face is nothing with such an ugly heart. "
When he said that to me there was tears running down my face. I did all of this just for him, so Jenn wouldn't interfere with our relationship. But now, for what I've done, it made him even hate me more than he already did.
Judge: " Lia, your reasons on why you killed Jenn Mcallister is not reasonable and in this kind of situation, death is not something to be done. Not only are you guilty but you just proved to us that you cannot handle things on your own but in your head, to you death is something to solve your love problems. You are found guilty and we decided to help you with your problems. You'll start tomorrow."
Me: " NO PLEASE! I'm sorry. Please forgive me! Jc please help me! Andrea, Trevor, Ricky! Please help me! I'm sorry!
As the police handcuffs me, tears are running down my face and they are pulling me out of court. I think to myself. What benefits did I get through killing Jenn? Maybe the only person I'm hurting in this situation is myself.