
Prologue
It was my 16th birthday, the day I would find my mate.
Usually all werewolves would be excited about the fact that we would be able to find our life long partners, our other half, our soul mates. But no, I was far from excited.
Why? Because nobody liked me, my mate would most probably be in this pack, and would most probably reject me.
Now I'm not an omega, I'm far from it, I'm the daughter of the beta and even though I'm one of the most strongest wolf, actually the strongest considering my wolf was rare, nobody cared, also nobody knew. I was blamed for the death of my mum, the Luna's foster sister, the alpha's best friend, my dads mate, all because I was born.
I wouldn't fight back, I was constantly abused and even with my strength I didn't bat an eyelid, didn't life a finger to protect myself. Why? Because I also blamed myself. I mean, if I wasn't born my twin sister would still be alive as she also died along with my mum, if I wasn't born the pack would still have its best warrior wolf, if I wasn't born my dad wouldn't be dying from the loss of his mate.
So as you've probably already guessed, it's also the anniversary of my mother being dead for 16 years. Nobody was going to celebrate my birthday,  they were going to celebrate the life of Eden Phillips, loving wife and best ever warrior wolf of the blackblood pack, born: 14th of February 1975, Died: 20th of August 1998.
That's what it says on her tomb stone, No loving mother, just loving wife.
Well, enough of the depressing shit that has just come spouting out of my mouth, the 20th of august wasn't just my birthday or the day of my mothers death, it was also the day I ran away from my pack and also the day I came back, three years later.
This is what happened:
I woke up to the sound of my fathers sobbing, class shattering and him cursing the day I was born.
It didn't do anything to me, I went through this twice a year and so I was used to it. I didn't even flinch or wince when he called me a bitch and said he should have abandoned me at birth and left me to die or left me for the rouges. He would say the exact same thing to me when I showed my face later.
I looked out of my window to what looked like people setting up a birthday party, to the outside world it would look like my party considering it was my birthday, but no, the only surprise I would get later would be a few bruises and broken bones and a definite rejection from my mate. Not much of a surprise.
I was about to get in the shower when I heard the front door burst open and the most gorgeous scent of pine needles and vanilla wafted through the small crack under my door and into my nose, but I knew it belonged to my worst nightmare.
It would have been any she wolf's dream scent but not mine, I just coward away in the corner of my smaller than life room waiting for my mate to come storming through the door, the only thing I was anticipating was finding out who he was.
Seconds later, Cayden Price opened the door and looked at me with cold eyes,  pure hatred and disgust was pointed right at me and I couldn't help the small whimper that filled the room, I awaited the words that I knew would soon come from the soon to be alpha.
"I, Cayden James, soon to be alpha of the blackblood pack reject you,  Octavia Phillips as my mate" And there they were, the words I had been having nightmares about for the past few months.
The pain that filled my body from then on was too much to bear. I knew that the rejection was only complete if I rejected him back but it was as if he couldn't stand the look of me and he needed to leave which made things worse. He stormed out of the room and didn't even spare me a second glance.