
"Well?!?!?!?!?!??!  What happened?!?!?!?!?!?!?"  Aaron yelled.
"We got lunch, went to the pier, and walked along the shoreline.  When I asked her to be my girlfriend, she said she didn't like me like that, she just wanted to stay friends."  Matt had disappointed.
"I'm sorry man."  Aaron said with sincerity in his voice.
"The worst part was when she tricked me into thinking she couldn't be my girlfriend,"  Matt said.
"What?  I thought you said she just wanted to be friends?"  Shawn asked.  I decided to show up now.
"Long, confusing story, he asked me, I pull a prank on him, then I actually said I'd be his girlfriend."  I simplified.
"YESSSSS!!!!!!!  I KNEW THEY WOULD BE A COUPLE!!!!!!!!!!"  Aaron yelled.  Everyone congradulated us.  After that, we watched some movies.  In the middle of the 3rd movie, I fell asleep with my head in Matt's lap, and my feet hanging off of the couch.
-
Next Day
-
When I woke up, I was lying in Matt's bed, with someone's arms wrapped around me from behind.  I turned around to see a sleeping Matt.  He's adorable when we sleeps.  I just stayed there, closing my eyes, hoping I could slee more, until I heard Matt yawn.
"Good morning."  I whispered.
"Good morning baby girl."  Matt said and kissed my forehead.
"We should probably get up."  I said, sitting up.
"What time is it?"  Matt asked.  I looked at the alarm clock.
"It's 8:20, why?"  I asked him.
"If it's not 10, I'm not getting up."  Matt groaned and wrapped his arms back around my waist, trying to pull me back to him.
"Matt, come on."  I say, resisting him.  Soon, he pulls me back to him.  He get ontop of me, hovering over me.  "Hi"
"Hey."  He said with a smile and kissed my forehead.  "You know you are truly amazing."
"You're truly an amazing guy."  I said back.  We talk until he decided to just fall ontop of me.  "UHhhh.  Matt, I think you broke most of my bone."
"Sorry babe, but you know you love me."  Matt said, still lying on me.
"When did I ever say that I loved you?"  I asked, messing with him.  He automatically got off of me.
"You don't love me?"  He asked, faking a hurt face.
"Dude, we haven't even been datng for a full day, and we're supposed to say we love each other?"  I asked him.
"No, I just assumed that since we're dating, you wovvvveee meeee!"  Matt exclaimed.
"You are one special person, you know that right?"  I asked him.
"Yeah, and you get this special person all to yourself!"  Matt said, pecking me on the lips.
"Matt, but seriously, we should get up."  I said, trying to get up.
"Nope!"  Matt said, popping the p.  Matt lied down on the bed, pulling me onto his chest.  He wrapped his arms around me and I just rested my body on his.  Because this is such a comfy position, we both fell asleep in a matter of minutes.
-
I wake up to the sound of animals.  When I open my eyes, I realize it's just the guys yelling.