
Ashley's Pov:
-
The Friday Matt and I are hanging out
-
Today is finally the day Matt and I are gonna hang out.  I mean, I hang out with him with the rest of the guys, but, this time, it's just me and Matt, I think.  I hope.
Matt texted me and told me to wear something casual but nice, and that he was picking me up at 11 am, it's 9:47.  I decided to take a quick hot shower.  I took my shower and dried my hair with a blow drier and left it loose.  I went into my closet and picked out a pink t shirt that said 'Hey!', with a pair of black shorts that ended mid thigh.  I think everyone has noticed I never wear any shorts or skirt that are shorter than mid thigh.  I personally don't think shorts and skirts that are shorter than mid thigh are un comfy.  I also got my under garments, and put everything on.  I got my hot pink converse and put those on with a pair of smiley socks.  I went back into the bathroom and put on some eye liner and pink lemonade lip gloss.  I decided to be a little random and put on some tropical punch lip gloss.  (A/n: I've done this before and the combo is amazing!  You just have to make sure you're using lip smackers lip gloss!)
I checked the time to see it was already 10:30.  I went back downstairs and went into the living room.  I watched tv until it was 11.  As the clock went to 11, there was a knock on the door.  I shut off the tv and got up.  Before I could even make it to the door, Hayes opened the door.
"Hey man!"  Hayes said.
"Sup."  Matt replied.
"Whatcha here for?"  Hayes asked confused.
"You can go now Hayes,"  I said, and Hayes turned around.
"Ooooh, you to going out on a date?"  Hayes asked with a smirk on his face.
"No, we're just hanging out,"  I said, rolling my eyes.
"Suuureeee,"  Hayes said smiling like an idiot, "Don't worry, I won't tell Nash."
"Whatever, anyways, bye Hayes, see ya later!"  I exclaimed and walked out the door.  Matt and I walked to his car, and he opened the passenger door for me.  I got in and he closed the door.  When he got into the driver seat, he started the car, and we were off.
"So Matt, what did plan for us to do?"  I asked.
"It's a surprise."  He said with one of those cute half smiles guys do.  We talked the whole drive, not having a moment of awkward silence.  When we got to the destination, we got out of the car.  I looked to see where he took me, and we were at a small cafe.  This was my favorite place to come and eat, and Matt knew it.
"I thought you might like to come here to eat."  Matt said with a smile.
"Yeah, thanks."  I said.
"No need to thank me, this is our day to hang out, mine as well go to places we like."  Matt said and opened the door for me.  I walked in and thanked him.
We got a table and ordered.  After we ate, we paid and started walking to the car.  We were stopped by these two adorable 8 year olds.
"Matt!  We're your BIGGEST fans!!!  Can we take a picture?"  One of the girls asked.  She had her long black hair in a ponytail with a sparkly headband.  Her eyes were dark brown.  She was wearing a pair of shorts and a black t shirt with Matt's initials on the pocket in purple.  The other girl had long blonde hair that was let down.  Her eyes were deep brown, just like the other girl's, and she was wearing a pair of jeans and a Matt mirror shirt that was a bit big on her.