
Recap:
"Ashley, I've been meaning to ask you something."  Matt said.  I nodded.
"You can ask me anything."  I said, looking at him in the eye.
"Ashley, I have had this, huge crush on you, ever since I laid eyes on you.  I know that some of the other guys liked you, and wanted to make a move on you, which only made my feelings grow.  You are amazing, and so, different than other girls, in the best way.  Ashley Grier, will you be my girlfriend?"  Matt asked.  I can't believe he asked me this.
"Matt....."
Present time, Ashley's Pov:
"Matt... I'm sorry, I can't be your girlfriend."  I said, sadly.
"Oh, uh, I understand."  He said, disappointed.
"I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU FELL FOR THAT!!!!"  I said, laughing like crazy.
"Wh-what?"  He asked, puzzled.
"I'm sorry, I had to prank you!  If the offer is still open, I'd love to be your girlfriend!"  I said.
"Hell yeah the offer is still open!  And first thing I wanna do being a couple, is this."  Matt said and softly kissed my lips.  There was a burst of fireworks in the kiss.  The kiss felt amazing!  When he put his hands on my waist, I felt butterflies in my stomach.  I wrapped my arms around his neck, and I felt his toungue against my bottom lip, asking for enterance, which I accepted.  This kiss lasted for several minutes until we broke apart.  "Did you feel the fireworks?"
"Yeah."  I whispered, since our faces were still close together.
"You need to pay, for making me think you were actually rejecting me."  Matt said with a devilish smile.  He was about to drag me into the water, but I started running.  I thought about pranking him again, so I ran until there was a huge bump.  I fell and acted like I hurt my ankle.
"Ouch!"  I said with a fake pained look on my face, holding my unhurt ankle.  Matt rushed to my side.
"Are you ok?"  He asked, worried.
"No, I think I sprained my ankle."  I said.
"Here, let's see if you can walk."  Matt said and helped me up.  I took a step with the foot I fake sprained my ankle and fell down, acting like I was in pain.
"Oww!"  I said, letting a fake tear fall down my face, holding my ankle.  Matt picked me up, being carefull that he didn't hurt my ankle.  He fast walked me to his car and we took off.
"I'm gonna take you to the hospital, so we can get your ankle checked out."  Matt said.
"Matt, can I tell you something?"  I asked Matt.
"Yeah, of course."  Matt said.
"I, didn't hurt my ankle!"  I said, laughing.
"WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?"  Matt yelled.
"Yup!  I just did that so you wouldn't throw me into the water!"  I exclaimed.
"God, how did I fall for this AGAIN?!?"  He asked/yelled.  I laughed even more.
"I don't know, you weren't using your brain?"  I suggested.
"Whatever."  He said with a smile and turned around, heading back to my place.  Well, at least I thought.  After 20 minutes, we were at the Magcon house.  Matt opened my door before I could, I stepped out and I thanked him/  We walked in, him in front of me, then I heard a whole herd of guys running to him.