
Ashley's Pov:
When I woke up, only Matt, Nash and Hayes were in the room.  Matt and Hayes were asleep, but Nash was awake, looking at his phone, but when isn't he?  He looked up from his phone and looked at me.
"Good morning."  Nash whispered.
"Morning."  I whispered.  I checked the time and saw that it was already 10:30.  Wow, I slept in, "Where did the others go?"
"They're all at the cafeteria.  They should be back any minute now."  Nash replied softly.  I nodded and laid my head back onto the pillow.  I suddenly got this massive headache and it is the worst thing in the world.  I don't wanna mention it to the doctor or anything because I'm afraid if he gives me medicine, I won't end up to well.
"Hey, you ok?  You look like you're in pain."  Nash said.  I must have had a pained expression.  Should I tell him?  Should I lie?
"Yeah, I just have a headache, it's nothing, don't worry."  I said.  I wasn't really lying, but I wasn't tellig the full truth.  I guess it isn't as bad as if I fully lied.  He nodded his head and went back to his phone.  I tried to ignore the fact that this headache is taking over my head with going on my phone, but that didn't help.  For all I know, this made the headache even worse.
"I think that headache is getting worse.  You look like you're in even more pain."  Nash pointed out.
"Yeah, this headache hurts like a mother freaker."  I said and Nash laughed a little.  "What's so funny?"
"That's what Cam says.  He never curses so instead of saying mother fucker, he says mother freaker."  Nash said.
"Oh."  I replied.  I laid my head back onto the pillow and hoped that my head would feel better.  It didn't. Finally, the doctor gave me meds and I didn't react badly, which is awesome!  Matt and Hayes woke up and the rest of the guys, plus Skylynn, Mom and Mahogany came back.
-
3 days later
-
I finally get released!  I wanna just leave this place after 4 days of being stuck in this freaking hospital! I wanna move around and I wanna leave!
Nash came in and handed me a pair of clothes.
"These are for you."  Nash said, pointing out the obvious.
"Wow, I just thought that these clothes were used for the bed."  I said with sarcasm in my voice.
"Don't be a smart ass."  Nash said with a smile.  I got up and went to the bathroom with the clothes in my hand.  I looked at the clothes I had when I closed the door.  A black plain tank top and shorts that ended mid thigh, and of course my under clothes.  I changed and went back out.  Nash was standing in the room, looking out the window.
"Everyone is in the waiting room for us."  Nash said.
"Ok,"  Was all I said before Nash opened the door for me.  I walked out, so did he, and we started toward the elevator.  We got in and pressed the button that brought us to the 1st floor.  There was an akward silence between us, but that all ended when we got to the others.  Everyone explained how happy they were because I was ok and stuff like that.  After all of that, we piled into several cars and went to the Magcon house.  Mom and Skylynn dropped Nash, Hayes and I off, and they left.
For the entire time we were there, we just ate, watched tv, and went on our phones.  By the time it was 8 pm, we went through most of their junk food, the good movies on netflix and most of the small hashtags under our names on instagram and twitter.  Matt decided to drop us off at our house.  The ride was full of talking and music, which was nice, I didn't wanna sit through akward silence.  When we got home.  Nash and Hayes immedietly went inside, while I thanked Matt for driving us.
"Thanks for driving Matt."  I said.
"It's no problem, but I was hoping we could hang out next Friday?  The whole hopsital thing ruined our plans for yesterday,"  Matt said.
"Yeah, of course!"  I said.  We said good bye and I walked into my house.  I got ready for bed, and in a matter of minutes, I was sound asleep.
A/n
Hey guys!  This is more of a filler chapter!  Comment ideas if you have any for this story!  Vote for the story if you like it!