
Ashley's Pov:
Hey, I'm Ashley.  I have long, light brown hair, really blue eyes, I'm about 5 foot 7 inches, and I'm pretty skinny, as some of my friends say.  Did I mention I'm 14?  I am.  I'm just hanging out with some friends at the mall, what we usually do on a Saturday afternoon, when I get a call.
(Italics - Ashley, bold - cops)
Hello?  Who is this?
Hi, this is the sheriff from the Kansas state police department, I need you to come to your home immediately.
Al-alright, I'll be there in about 10 minutes.
Ok, thank you.
The cop hung up, and I put my phone back in my pocket.
"Hey girls, I have to go home, there is something going on, I'll see you guys later,"  I said.
"Ok, bye,"  Kat said.
"Bye!" Amanda said.
I waved and walked out of the mall, to my car.  I got in, started the car, and headed in the direction of my house.  When I got there, cop cars were surrounding my house, I saw shattered glass on the porch, and I saw a body bag by the front door.
"Are you Ashley?"  A man in a uniform asked me.
"Yes, what happened?"  I asked.
"Well, a man broke into your house, he managed to steal a tv, dvr, and camera before running off.  But in the process, the man killed your father,"  The man said.  I was on the verge of tears, "But, you do have family in California, so I am going to get you a plane ticket and their address so you can live with them,"
"Ok, am I allowed to get my stuff from my room, or is my house off limits,"  I asked him.
"For now, the house is under inspection, to see if we can track the man down who killed your dad, once the investigation is over, I'll have all your belongings sent to you,"  The cop said.
"Ok,"  I said.
He went to talk to other officers, to see if they made any progress, while I just stood there, thinking about how my dad just died, I'll never see him again, I'll never hear his voice, or get another hug from him, or anything.  After a few minutes, the man came back over.
"I'll get your plane ticket at the air port.  Let's get going,"  He said.  I nodded my head.
We went to the air port, I got my ticket, I went through all of the tests to make sure I wasn't carrying anything illegal, and once that was done, the man gave me the address to my family's address, and by them, the plane was boarding.  I got on, and I fell asleep as soon as the plane took off.
-AFTER THE FLIGHT-
I woke up just before the plane landed, and once the plane landed, I got off, called a taxi, gave them the address, and started to the house.  By the time I got there, and paid the guy, it was about 7:30.  I walked up to the house, and knocked on the door.  I heard shuffling, and a woman opened the door, and looked surprised to see me.
"Um, hi, I'm Ashley,"  I said awkwardly.
"Sweetheart, I know, I'm your mom, do you remember me?"  The lady asked.
"Um, no,"  I said.
"Well, come on in sweetheart,"  Mom said.  I walked into a very nice looking house, "so, did you come to visit?"
"Um, actually, dad died, so, um, the police paid for mt plane ticket, so, I uh, hope you don't mind if I stay here, it's here or an orphanage,"  I explain.