
Ashley's POV:
When I woke up, I see all of the guys taking pictures, except for Nash and Hayes.  They seemed mad, like, I'm-gonna-kick-his-balls-off mad.
I yawn.  "What are you guys doing?"  I asked them.
"Taking pictures of the cutest couple ever."  Cam replies. while most of the guys nod.
"Can you guys please leave us alone."  Matt says in his adorable morning voice.
"No, but what I can do is chop off your balls and feed them to you."  Nash says.
"Hey!  Be nice!"  I scold him.
"No!  You're my little sister!  You shouldn't be getting a boyfriend until you're 18!"  Nash says back.  That's what made me furious.
"Let me get this straight,"  I say while getting up from the couch, "I can't get a boyfriend until I'm 18, I can't talk to any other guys then my family or the ones in the room, and I can't do alot more, but when it comes to you, all of those rules just don't apply?"
"I never said that,"  Nash says.
"Yeah, but you were implying it.  So, unless you want all of those rules to apply to you, I recommend you losen up, alot."  I say.  My sassy/sort of bitchy side was coming out of me.  I mean, what did they expect?  They woke me up too early and then Nash says Matthew and I can't date?  I don't think so.
"Ugh, fine, I'll losen up, but I swear to god Matthew if you hurt her I guarentee you that those balls of yours are going to be chopped off, fed to you, then I'm ripping you up into shreds and disposing the remains into a lake, do you understand me?"  Nash asked, being dead serious.
"Yeah, I understand,"  Matthew said, scared.
"Now, let me get back to sleep."  I say, sitting back onto the couch.
"We meant to wake you up because we wanted to head to starbu-"  I cut Mahogany off by getting right back off of the couch and walking up to my new room to get ready.
I enter my room and head to my huge closet.  I pick out a white sweatshirt that said 'Paris' and had a picture of the Eifel tower,  my black vans and dark blue skinny jeans.  You may be asking, why are you wearing a sweatshirt Ashley?  Well, my answer to that is that it is November, and it is about 50 degrees outside, why wouldn't I wear a cute sweatshirt?
I go and take a quick shower, do my usual shower and make up routine, put on my clothes and head back downstairs.
"Now we're just waiting for Matt."  Cam said.  20 minutes later, Matt comes down the stairs.
"What took you so long?"  I asked.
"I couldn't find my beanie!"  Matt exclaimed.
"Don't you have like, 20 different beanies?"
"Yeah, but I wanted to wear this one because it's my favorite and it goes with my outfit, duh!"  Matt says like he's a sassy bitch.
"Well damn Gaga,"  Everyone laughs at my remark, including Matt.
After that, we head to Starbucks.