
Ashley's Pov:
The second I walked through the door, Nash and mom came running to the door.
"WHERE WERE YOU YESTERDAY?!?!" Nash and mom exclaimed at the same time.
"I was at the Magcon House." I simply said.
"You didn't bother to tell either of us where you went?" Nash asked.
"Hayes knew I left." I said. "You guys weren't home, so I didn't bother."
"You still should have texted one of us." Mom said.
"Ok, next time, I'll text one of you, telling you where I went." I said.
"Thank you, now, did you have lunch?" Mom asked, cause it was past 1.
"I'm good." I said.
"Ok sweetheart." Mom said and walked into the laundry room, working on dirty laundry.
"Were you really at the Magcon House all of yesterday and most of today?" He asked. I nodded.
"Yeah, why?" I asked him.
"Just wondering." Nash said and walked upstairs. I wonder what he's up to. I walked up to my room and took a shower. I changed into a blue shirt that said in black letters 'FaBo' and a pair of black skinny jeans. I got a text from Mahogany asking if I wanted to hang out. I said yeah and she texted me back saying she'll be here in about 10-15 minutes. I took that time to put my still damp hair in a ponytail and put on a little mascara and lip gloss. I waited a good 20 minutes before she came.
"Sorry I'm late, the guys wouldn't let me leave and Matt wanted me to tell you that he already misses you to death." Mahogany said.
"It's ok, and, he's a little clingy." I said and Mahogany laughed.
"Yeah he's so weird." Mahogany said and I agreed. I quickly went and told mom I was going with Mahogany to hang out, and after that, we got into the car and left. We talked for a couple minutes before a guy's voice interrupted us.
"You guys talk to much!" A guy's voice said. I turned around to see Matt in the back of the car.
"How'd you get here?" I asked him.
"Um, by Mahogany taking me with her. Duh." Matt said.
"You didn't bother to tell me before he scared me half to death?" I asked Mahogany.
"Oh yeah, I forgot, he said if he didn't come with us that he would screw up all of my make up and clothes. I didn't want him to do that so he had to come." Mahogany explained.
"That makes sense." I said and continued to talk to Mahogany.
"Are you just gonna leave me outta this?" Matt asked, hurt.
"Yeah, it's supposed to be girl time, not girls and Matt time." I said, laughing a little.
"Well, lets make it girls and Matt time!" Matt exclaimed.
"Or nah!" I yelled and he shut up. Mahogany, Matthew and I finally got to the mall. We got out of the car and put on disguises so we won't get noticed. We walked into the mall and started shopping. We spent from about 2 pm to 9 pm, just shopping. The last couple hours, Matt complained about being tired, but that's what he gets for coming with us. We got all of our stuff into the car and we started going home. I decided to sit in the back with Matt so he would't complain.
"Will you spend the night?" Matt asked. He gave me this adorable puppy face that I couldn't say no to.
"Ok." I said and Matt hugged me.