
When I woke up this morning, I walked downstairs to see Nash and Hayes making breakfast.
"Um, whatcha guys trying to makin?"  I asked.
"French toast,"  Hayes said.
"Do you guys want some help?"  I asked.  They looked at each other.
"Yes,"  They said at the same time.
I walked over to the kitchen counter.  I saw a bowl of eggs, bread and a pan on the stove.
"Gimme 20 minutes, and I should have enough for both of you,"  I said, and they sat at the table.
For the next 20 minutes, I was able to make enough for the 3 of us.
"Do you think mom and Skylynn will want some?"  I asked, they nodded.
"Yeah,"  Hayes said.
"Ok, anyways, here is your food,"  I said and gave them 2 plates with some french toast.
They took a bite and fell in love.  While I was making more for Skylynn and mom, they brought their plates back.
"Can we have more?"  They asked.
"Sure, gimme a couple minutes."  I said, they sat at the table and waited for more.
For their next serving, I made sure they won't wanna eat more.  I literally gave them 8 pieces of french toast.  After that, they could barely move, that's how much I gave them.  By time mom and Skylynn woke up, I had their food ready, and after they ate, I did the dishes.  I went back upstairs and went to change.  I grabbed a black t shirt that says '2 glam 4 u' on it, a pair of blue shorts that ended mid thigh, a bandana and my black converse.  I went and took a shower, and changed into my cloths.  When my hair was dry, I put on my bandana, and I put on my converse.  I walked downstairs and saw Nash, Hayes, and the rest of the guys in the living room.  Mom and Skylynn were in the kitchen.  I walked into the kitchen and talked with mom and Skylynn, and we decided we would have a girls day today, just to spend time together.
"Ok, so, when do we leave?"  I asked.
"Well, if you help Skylynn get dressed, and I get myself dressed, we can leave in about 30 minutes,"  Mom said, and I nodded.
"Ok, come on Skylynn, let's go,"  I said to her.  We walked up to her room and to her closet.  I picked out a pink tutu, a pink shirt with a horse on it, and her pink converse.  She approved, and I let her change. so I left the room.  When she came out, she smiled and posed.  She looked adorable.
"Do you like it?"  I asked her.
"Yeah!  Thank you!"  She said and gave me a hug.
"No problem."  I said and hugged her back.  We walked downstairs and the guys notice me and Skylynn.
"Hey,"  Hayes said.
"Hey,"  Me and Skylynn said in unison, and Skylynn giggled.
"So, where are you guys going?"  Cam asked.
"Skylynn, our mom and I are going to have a girls day,"  I explained.
"Well, you look beautiful,"  Carter said.
"Thanks,"  I said.
We talked until mom came, me and Skylynn get up, say good bye, and we leave.  For the day, we shop, we get our hair done, I get the tips of my hair dyed purple with permanent dye, we also get our nails done.  By the time we were done with our girls day, it was about 6:30, so we decided to pick up food.  I texted Nash and asked him what him and Hayes want, and if the guys are still there, what they want.  He texted back,and we go to taco bell and order food.  When we got home, the guys grabbed the food out of our hands and started feasting on the food.  While we ate, there was small talk, but most people we focused on eating.  After we ate, Skylynn wanted to play with her toys, and she asked me to join her, so I do.  We get up, and I play with her for a good hour, before she starts to fall asleep.  Since she was already in her pj's, I just put her in her bed, say good night, and go downstairs to the guys.