
Ashley's Pov:
Once we arrive at Starbucks, all of us get out of the several cars we had to use and go into the building, but not before getting stopped by a few of the guys's fans.
The fans seemed pretty nice, until they met me.
"Who are you?"  Of the the fans asked me.  Before I continue this, let me just tell you all of them were way prettier then me.  I'm surprised that none of the guys had started flirting with them.
"I'm Nash and Hayes's sister."  I say.
"Yeah right."  Another girl speaks.
"Guys it's true, she my sister."  Nash tries to help, but doesn't work.
"You may be their sister, but if we find out you slept with any of them, you'll be considered dead to the entire fandom."  A third girl says.
"I wasn't planning on sleeping with any of them."  I reply.
"Good."  The fourth and final one said before leaving.
"You're fans are kinda rude."  I spoke when I knew those girls couldn't hear me.
"I'm sorry.  I didn't think they would react that bad."  Nash admit.  I honestly thought the fans reaction would be a bit better.
-
We finally get into the Starbucks, order, get our drinks and leave.  We decided to go to the mall because Mahogany and I needed to go and they guys couldn't be trusted alone at that house without me or Mahogany, so the guys had to come with us.
I got into a car with Matt, Nash and Cameron.  Cameron was driving, and I really hope he doesn't get us into a crash.  There wasn't a moment of silence in the car.  The music was blasting, we had to scream just to talk over the music, and we had to talk over each other.  My voice was so worn out by the time we got to the mall.  It was so worn it hurt to whisper!
When we got out of the car, we were greeted by the rest of the guys and Mahogany.
"You ready to go?"  Mahogany asked.  I nodded and we started our shopping trip.
-3 hours later-
We are finally done!  The guys were so exhausted, and frankly, so am I.  Mahogany seems pretty awake, but my voice kills, I'm tired and I'm hungry!  That is the worst combination ever!
I get into the car with Matt, Cam and Nash again, and for some reason, Cam and Nash thought it would be an amazing idea to blast the music.  If they are dead before we get home, you know who killed them.
After 5 minutes of dealing with that crap, I had had enough.  I got out of my seat and turned the music off.
"What's that for?"  Cam asked like he did nothing wrong.
"I am tired, hungry, my voice kills and I'm not in the mood to deal with blasting music with two boys trying to scream over it."  I said.  My voice hurts more than ever.  I sit back in my seat and rest my head on Matt's shoulder.  Everything seemed peaceful.
That is, before we got hit by a garbage truck.