
Ashley's Pov:
3 months later
It's been 3 months since I found out about Nash, Hayes and Skylynn found out about me.  I still haven't meet my other older brother.
Right now, Skylynn and I are in her room, play with her horse dolls when Nash burst into the room, which scared both me and Skylynn.
"Have you seen your vine?!?  You have more followers than me and Cam combined!!!"  Nash yelled.
"What?  You gotta be exaggerating!"  I exclaim and check my Vine.  I knew Nash and Cam have about 15.5 million following both of the combined.  I looked at my page, and Nash was right.  I have 16.4 MILLION people following me!  This is insane!!  "Oh my god!  I can't believe this!"  I yelled and gave Nash a hug.
"Congrats!"  Nash screamed in my ear.
"NASH!  I don't wanna go deaf as soon as I find about how many followers I have!  I don't know how I even got this many followers!  I've only posted like, 5 times in the past couple days!"  I said.
"Well, however you did it, I jealous!  How is my little sister able to do something better than me?"  Nash asked, jokingly.
"Whatever, maybe people like me then you!"  I said with a smirk.
"Oh you did not!"  Nash yelled.
"I did!"  I yelled back, and in a split second, I was tackled to the ground, and Nash started tickling me like crazy.  I was laughing and squirming like crazy.
"S-stooooopp!!!!!"  I yell in between fits of laughs.
"Say people like Nash more than me."  Nash said, continuing to tickle me.
"People like Nash more than me!!!!!!  Now STOP!!!!!"  I managed to say with all the laughing.  He finally stopped, got up, and helped me up.  Just then, I realize Skylynn wasn't in the room.  "Where is Skylynn?"  I asked.
"She left the room like, 5 minutes ago, didn't you notice?"  He asked.
"If I noticed, why would I ask you where she went?"  I asked.
"Whatever.  Anyways, I also wanted to tell you, I have a meeting with the rest of the guys and Bart, and Bart and my photo shooter, Bryant, request I bring you with me.  And we have to leave in 10 minutes."  Nash says checking his phone.
"Ok, I wonder why they want me to come,"  I say.
"Who knows,"  Nash says.  We go down into the living room and went onto our phone for the next 10 minutes.  In the 10 minutes, I made a vine thanking everyone who followed me, I had a tweeting spree and I had a twitter following spree.  We heard the doorbell and we walked to the door.  When we opened the door, Carter was standing there.
"Ok guys, lets go!"  Carter exclaimed and we walked to the limo and got in.  A limo is the only thing that can fit all 9 guys, plus me, on occasion.  We talked, alot, on our way to the place where the guys, Bart and Bryant are having their meeting.  When we got there, we got out of the limo, and into the building.  I'm glad the fans don't know we're at a meeting, and they don't know where this place is, I don't wanna be attacked.
We get inside and head to the elevator, and push the button that takes us up to the 7th floor.  When the elevator let us out, we walked down a long hallway, just to get to the right conference room.  When we walked in, Bart was sitting at one end of the table, while Bryant was sitting at the other end.  Bart was greeting them, along with Bryant, and when they got to me, they congratulated me on my over 16 mill. followers.
"Let's get this meeting started."  Bart said.  All the guys talked for a good 10 minutes until I heard my name being mentioned.