
Ashley's Pov:
Monday:
Of course, I wake up to Nash and Hayes being sooo LOUD!!!!
"Shut up!!!"  I yelled at them in a nasty voice.  My voice hurts like hell, and my stomach doesn't feel any better.
"Eww, what's with you voice?"  Nash asked.
"I don't know."  I said in this painful, groggy voice.
"You may be sick, how do you feel?"  Hayes asked me.
"My throat is killing me, and my stomach hurts like hell."  I said and laid my head back on my pillow.  Nash came over and put his hand on my forehead and my cheek.
"Yeah, you're burning up, I'll get some medicine and an ice pack, Hayes will make you some tea, and well be right back."  Nash said and they both left.  They came back about 10 minutes later with some tea, an ice pack, and a bottle of pills.  Nash gently put the ice pack on my forehead and opened the pill bottle up.  Hayes set down the glass on the table and Nash handed me two pills.  I took them and took a sip of the tea.
"Is it warm enough?"  Nash asked.
"Do you not know how to make tea Hayes?  You boil water and put a tea bag in for a couple minutes."  I explained in a whisper so my throat doesn't hurt.
"Ohhhhh, I didn't know you boil water,"  Hayes says and laughs.  Nash spoke up.
"How about I make the tea?  The meds should kick in about an hour."  He says and I nod.  He takes the bottle of pills and the glass of tea and walk out of my room.  Hayes and I talk/whisper until Nash comes back.  I take a sip, and the tea helps automatically my sore throat.  We just chill out for about an hour.  The meds should start working now.  I said to myself.  The meds did something, but not what it's supposed to do.  I get a pain in my chest, like I'm getting stabbed.  I can't breathe.  I start panicking and so do the guys.
"Call 911!!!"  Hayes freaked out.  Nash tossed Hayes his phone and he started calling 911.  Nash starts to comfort me, but it doesn't help the fact that I feel like I'm about to pass out.  After 5 minutes, there was an ambulance in front of our house.  When the paramedics came to get me, Skylynn and mom seemed confused and scared.  All of us got into the back of the ambulance.  One paramedic hooked me up to an air tank and they were trying to keep me from passing out.
"Nash, sweetie, what's going on?"  Mom asked.
"About an hour ago, I gave Ashley some medicine to help her stomach ache, and then this just happened."  Nash explained.
"Will she be ok?"  Skylynn asked in a sad voice.
"I don't know,"  Hayes said, "I hope she will."
Once we got to the hospital is when I passed out.
-
When I woke up, I see all the guys, mom and Skylynn crying.  Nash, Hayes, Skylynn and Matt were the ones crying the most, by far.
"Guys"  I whispered.  They all look up.
"ASHLEY!!!!!!!"  All of them freak out even more.
"What?"  I asked them.
"Yo-your heart stop for a few seconds and we thought you were de-dead,"  Hayes explained, trying not to studder to much.
"Really?"  I asked.
"Yeah, you scared us half to death."  Nash said.  After this, we talked for a few minutes.  I found out that I was in a coma for about a day.  Scary, right?  It was getting late so we decided to go to sleep.  Once we turned of the lights, I feel asleep in less then 10 minutes.
-
A/n
Sorry for not posting Monday!  And sorry for this short chapter.  I have lots of homework and haven't been able to write much.  But, expect a wayyyy better chapter tomorrow!