
"Of course you can stay here sweetheart,"  Mom said.  Then, Nash FREAKING Grier, walks into the room.
"Mom... Who is this?"  Nash asked.
"Sweetheart, this is your sister, Ashley,"  Mom said.
"I have a brother?"  I asked.
"I have another sister?"  Nash asked.
"Why don't we talk more about this in the kitchen,"  Mom suggested.
For the next few minutes, mom explains everything, and Nash, well, I don't know if he is happy or upset, but at least I can tell he doesn't hate me.  I also meet Skylynn and Hayes, and I get my room.
"Uh, hey, Ashley, how about tomorrow we go shopping?  You can meet some friends of mine,"  Nash asked awkwardly.
"Uh yeah, sure, I guess it be cool to meet the Magcon guys,"  I say.
"Oh, so you knew who I was?  And Hayes?"  He asked me.
"Yeah, now I guess it's kind of awkward that I'm a fan of my older brother, and younger brother,"  I said.
"Ok, so, did you know about any of this?  Like, me, or Hayes, or Skylynn?  Or the fact that we were related?"  He asked.  I shook my head.
"No, this was as big as a surprise to you, as it was to me,"  I said to him.
We talked about it for a couple more minutes, until I decide to go to bed.  Luckily, I brought some of the cloths I bought at the mall earlier today, so I changed into some pajamas in my room, I said good night to mom and the others, and I quickly fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.
-THE NEXT MORNING-
When I woke up, I was being lightly shaken by Hayes.
"Mornin,"  Hayes said.
"Morning,"  I said back.
"Mom made breakfast,"  Hayes said.
"Ok, I'll be downstairs in a sec,"  I said.  He nodded and walked out of my room.  I got up, grabbed a pair of shorts, a grey shirt that said rock n roll, and my pair of black converse.  I walked into the bathroom, took a quick shower, dried off, put on the cloths and did my hair and make up.  I brushed my hair, and since my hair is partly wavy, it looked nice with the outfit.  I just put on a bit of mascara and lip gloss.  When I went downstairs, Nash and Skylynn were sitting at the table eating, while Mom and Hayes were cooking.
"Morning Ashley,"  Nash said.
"Morning!"  Skylynn yelled.
"Morning sweetheart,"  Mom said.
"Morning guys,"  I replied, "Can I help?"
"No, Hayes and I are good, there is some food for you on the table though,"  Mom said.  I nodded my head and sat down at the table, and started eating.  Once I was done, I grabbed my plate and put it in the sink.
"So, I called the guys, their excited to meet you,"  Nash said.
"Cool, when are we leaving?"  I asked.
"Well, it's 10 now, their coming at about 12, so we got a couple hours before we leave,"  Nash explained.
"Ok,"  I said.  For the next couple hours, we just watched tv.  When the doorbell rang, Skylynn ran to the door.
"Their here!"  Skylynn yelled.  Nash and I walked up to the door, and when Nash opened the door, there stood Cameron, Taylor, Matt, Carter, Jack and Jack, Aaron and Shawn.  When they saw me, their mouths dropped.