
A/n
I'm sorry for not posting, but I started school a couple weeks ago, and I've been busy, so I decided, I'll try to post on Mondays and Fridays. there will also just be spontaneous updates through out the week if I have time!;). Anyways, enjoy the new chapter
Ashley's Pov:
I woke up to Nash yelling in my room.
"Why are you and my sister sleeping together?!?" Nash yelled at us.
"Shut up!!! You're gonna wake up the whole house!" I yelled at Nash.
"I'm the only other person in the house! Mom, Skylynn and Hayes went out, now, WHY ARE YOU BOTH SLEEPING TOGETHER?!?" Nash yelled.
"Relax Nash, we didn't do anything but sleep,"  I groan while putting my head back on the pillow.
"Then take the blanket off, so I know you both didn't do anything,"  He said, and I took of our blanket.
"See?  Nothing, now, leave,"  Matt groaned.  Nash finally left, upset.  Matt and I laid in bed for about half an hour more before we both decided we should get up.  When we got downstairs, we saw Nash on his phone, as well as the rest of the guys.
"Did you guys sleep over?"  I asked the guys.
"Yeah,"  Carter said.
"Oh,"  Is all I replied.  We sat in the living room and watched tv for a few minutes before Nash spoke up.
"So, would you two like to explain why you two were sleeping n the same bed?"  Nash asked.
"Do I really have to explain myself to you?"  I asked him.
"Yeah,"  He replied.
"Why?"  I asked him.
"Because your my little sister and I'm your older brother,"  He said.
"Yeah, the sister you knew about for, what?  3 days now?"  I ask.
"You're still my little sister, and I'm your older brother, now, answer my question,"  Nash said.
"No, I don't have to, you don't control me,"  I simply reply.
"You know, this would all be done if you would just answer me, cause I don't need one of my best friends and my little sister to be sleeping together anymore,"  Nash said.
"Wait, wait, wait, you slept with a guy?"  Cam asked.
"NO!  We just shared a bed, that's all, so Nash, you don't have to worry about me, I'm fine, neither of us did anything dirty, or nasty, or bad."  I explained.
"That doesn't keep me from worrying, at least it wasn't Taylor, I know for sure that he would have done something naughty,"  Nash said.
"What?!?"  Taylor exclaimed, "I would not!"  Everyone gave him a, 'are-you-sure-about-that?' type of look, "Maybe I would,"  He mumbled quietly, "but so what?"
"Anyway, why doesn't it keep you from worrying?"  I asked Nash.
"Because you're my baby sister, what did you expect from me?  I haven't even let Hayes get a girlfriend and the only guys Skylynn ever talks to are guys in her family!"  Nash exclaimed.
"Well, I'm not 5, so you don't have to be that over protective, I can handle myself perfectly fine."  I say, trying to keep my cool.  I realize he is my older brother and he is gonna be over protective, but I don't want it to be like he is taking my life away from me.
"How about I just not worry about what you do at all?  We'll see how much deep shit you get yourself into."   Nash said.