
Ashley's Pov:
It's Saturday, and half the boys have their photo shoots. Nash asked me to come just so I know how Bryant does his photo shoots, and I said ok. It's 10, and we have to leave by 11, so I decided to get ready. I went to my closet and decided on a black tank top that said in white letters 'Obey', white high waisted skinny jeans and my black converse. I got into the shower, did my routine, got out, dried off, blow dried my hair and put it in a high pony, and put on the clothes. I checked the time, it's 10:45. I went downstairs and saw Nash in the living room on his phone, like usual.
"Hey," I said. Nash looked up.
"Hey, you ready?" Nash asked.
"Yeah, are you?" I asked.
"Yeah, why wouldn't I be?" Nash asked me.
"Well, you do like to procrastinate a lot...." I said.
"Whatever." Nash said in a sassy girl voice. I laugh a little and sit down, "Ok, the guys should be here in about 10 minutes to pick us up," He said.
"Ok, who's coming to the photo shoot?" I asked.
"Um, us, Matt, Carter, Cam and Gilinsky." Nash replied.
"Ok," I said and got onto Instagram. Before I knew it, there was a ring on the doorbell. I got up before Nash and walked to the door. I opened it and Carter was at the door/
"Hey Ashley, you and Nash ready to go?" Carter asked. Nash came up from behind me and answered for both of us.
"Yeah, let's go!" Nash yelled in my ear and started heading to the car. Carter and I followed behind.
"Hey guys!" Cam yelled as Nash sat next to Cam. I sat inbetween Matt and Carter. Gilinsky was driving. We talked all through out the car, and witnessed Cam lick Nash's foot from a dare. We got to the shoot, and got out of the car. Since it was at the top of a building, we had to go through stairs and an elevator just to get up to the top.
"Hey! You guys are finally on time! For once!" Bryant celebrated a little. The guys ignored it but I thought that was funny so I giggled a little.
Matt's Pov:
UGHH!! Ashley is so PERFECT!!!! Her giggle, her style, her face, her personality, EVERYTHING! I can picture her with me, but I know for a fact that Aaron and Shawn have a crush on her. Carter and Taylor think she's hot, but they're to old for her, I just turned 16, so I actually have a chance at getting Ashley to date me, but there is still Aaron and Shawn I have to worry about, so I have to make my move before any of the other guys. I think I have an advantage because we have shared a bed before, because SHE asked ME, which, how could I have said no to her, plus, she's even cuter when she's sleepy.
Ashley's Pov:
The guys just started their photo shoot, Gilinsky is starting. Some pictures are with the rest of the guys, some are just individual. But, even though Gilinsky is to old for me, he can look sexy, when he's trying. Gilinsky took about 20 minutes for his session before Nash started his. As I was watching Nash, Matt makes his way over to me.
"Hey," He said and smiled.
"Hi," I say back and smile.
"So, um, I was wondering if you wanted to hang out some time? We could go to a movie or something." Matt asked, a little shy, which was pretty cute. I can't believe he's asking me to hang out, why would he wanna hang out? Does he like me, or what? I'm so confused!
"Sure, I'd love to, how about Wednsday? Is that ok?" I asked. I was trying hard to sound confident, and not studder, but I think he can tell.