
"I can tell you're trying not to studder, did you not just see me studder trying to ask you to hang out sometime? And yeah, Wednsday good." Matt said with a smile. We talked for a couple more minutes before Bryant called him to start his session of the photo shoot. I watched Matt doing his photo shoot without knowing Cam was watching me.
"You like Matt, don't you?" I hear Cam's voice behind me. I turn around to a smirking Cam, and I look down and blush. "So you do?"
"I don't know if I do or not," I whisper.
"Well, who do you like most out of all the guys?" Cam asked.
"I don't know," I said and looked up.
"If you had to pick someone, who would it be?" He asked me/
"Umm, maybe Matt or Shawn." I said, unsure.
"Why Shawn, and why Matt?" Cam kept talking.
"Shawn because I love his singing and he's really sweet. Matt because he's funny, and sweet, and caring, and adorable, and his eyes are just so mesmorizing, and his smile just can make any girl melt and he i- wait, maybe I do like Matt," I realized. Cam smiled.
"I knew it." Cam said. I started panicking.
"Please please please don't tell him I said any of this! Please!!!" I started begging.
"Don't worry, I won't tell him, but I know about you two hanging out this Wednsday, I heard him talking to you." He said with a smirk.
"Why were you listening to us?" I asked him.
"Because I wanted to!" Cam yelled and ran away.
"Um, okay?" I said with a concerned look and sat back down. I waited until all the guys finished their photo shoot, then we all piled back into the car and went to the Magcon House, or as they would like to call it, "The Crib". We went in, said hi to the guys, and Cam started cooking with Nash.
"This won't end well, will it?" I asked, and all the guys shook their head, 'no'. We waited about 10 minutes before we heard yelling and laughing. I went into the kitchen first and got eggs all over me, plus flour, and lemon joice got into my eyes.
"OWWW!!!" I yelled.
"What?" Nash asked.
"There is LEMON JOICE in my EYES!!!!" I yelled. I felt someone lead me up a flight of stairs and into a room, I heard water starting, so I assumed I was in the bathroom. I found the sink where the water was and rinsed my eyes until the joice was out of my eyes. I dried my face and looked to see who helped me. Matt.
"Thanks for helping me," I said and smiled a little.
"No problem. This is always what happens when those two decide to cook, someone gets hurt." Matt said and I giggled a little bit. Then, he did something I didn't expect. He kissed me, and it felt like heavan. This kiss had so many fireworks, when he put his hands on my hips, I felt a whole zoo in my stomach, not a tipical butterflies, a ZOO. I started kissing back. Our lips moved perfectly in sync as we continued the kiss. I felt his tounge against my bottom lip, asking for entrence, which I accepted. After a couple mintues, I pull away, but keeping my face close to his.
"Did you feel it too?" Matt whispered.
"Yeah." I whisper back. After that, he took me to his bedroom and gave me a spare pair of clothes. I went back into the bathroom to change, and when I came out, Matt was standing there.
"I can wash your clothes, and give it back, if you want," Matt offered.