
"YAYYY!!!" Matt yelled sounding like a little girl, which made me and Mahogany laugh. After a few minutes, we made it to the Magcon house. When we got inside, we saw a whole bunch of boxes.
"What's with these boxes?" Matt asked Shawn.
"Nash and a couple of them are packing for Hayes, himself and you, Ashley." Shawn said.
"Coo... wait, do you know who's packing my stuff?" I asked.
"I think it's either Taylor or Cam." Shawn answered.
"Damn! The two perverted ones to!" I said.
"Wha? Ohhhh." Shawn said, understanding why I was upset. As if on point, Nash, Cam and Taylor come in with boxes.
"Which one of you are packing my stuff?" I asked the three. Cam and Taylor had smirks on their faces.
"Me and Taylor did, and you have some nice stuff." Cam said with an evil smirk.
"Nash! You should have told me to pack my stuff! I could have done it! Not these two perv's!" I yelled at Nash.
"I swear I thought they were packing Hayes's stuff! I didn't know they went to your room instead to pack your stuff." Nash said, glaring at Cam and Taylor.
"To be fair, it was more interesting in Ashley's room then it would have ever been in Hayes's room." Taylor said.
"Hey, that was my PERSONAL stuff, next time, tell me so I can do it. Wait, did you grab my make up bag?" I asked.
"We brought your make up, perfume, razor, pads and tampons from your bathroom." Cam said.
"Ok, you didn't have to tell me the last two." I said.
"Like it's gonna make a difference." Taylor said.
"There are, what? 10 to 12 guys in this house, and 2 girls, I don't like when my personal stuff is announced to those 10 to 12 guys!" I said.
"Whatever, Cam and I are gonna put your boxes in your room." Taylor said, picking back up the box he had set down.
"If you open those boxes so help me you will be hospitalized." I threatened them, and they looked scared, so all they did was nod and rush up the stairs. For the next 20 minutes, Nash, Cam, Taylor and I are putting boxes in our rooms.
"This is the last one!" I yelled to the guys. When I picked it up, it was pretty heavy, but it wasn't so heavy that I couldn't handle it. I walked into the house and someone grabbed the box from me. It was Matthew. "Matt, you don't have to take it for me, I can carry it myself."
"I wanna help you, you need rest anyways, you've been carrying and unboxing your stuff while I had to help Nash, lemme help you." Matt said.
"Ok. That one goes to my room." I said.
"Got it." Matt said and kissed my forehead. I walked into the living room and plopped down on the couch. I lied down and just closed my eyes. After a couple minutes, I felt someone lie down next to me and put a blanket over us. I turned around and looked at Matt.
"It's ok, just go back to resting, I'm sorry if I woke you up." Matt said, holding me close.
"I was just closing my eyes, you didn't wake me." I said, snuggling into his chest.
"Well, like I said, you need your rest." Matt whispered.
"Ok." I whispered. That night, I fell asleep to Matt rubbing my back and whispering soft, sweet things to me.