
"Sure!"  Matt said.  A lady came over to us.
"I'm so sorry about my girls, are they disturbing you?"  She asked.
"No, not at all, they just want a picture, and I'm happy to take one with them."  Matt said with a smile.  The lady nodded and took her phone out.  Matt knelt down to their level and wrapped one arm around each girl.  The mom took the picture, and the girls asked for one last pic, and of course Matt said yes.  It's amazing how much he cares about his fans, it's so cute!  For the second pic, both girls kissed Matt on the cheek.  Once they were done, the mom and both girls thanked him.
"Did you want anything signed?"  Matt asked.
"Can you sign out shirts?"  They asked.  Matt nodded and got a permanent marker from the mom.  Matt signed both girl's shirts.  The girl with blonde hair came over to me.
"Are you two dating?"  She asked me.
"No, we're just friends."  I said.
"You two would look cute together!"  She said with a smile.
"Thanks."  I said and smiled back at her.  Once they left, Matt and I got into the car.
"You know, the girl with black hair said we'd be a cute couple."  Matt said with a smile.
"The girl with blonde hair said the same thing."  I said and smiled back.  Matt started driving, and after about 10 minutes, we got out of the car again.  He took me to the pier.
"You like the idea of me taking you here?"  Matt asked.
"Yeah!  Let's go!"  I said and started running.  He caught up and wrapped his arms around my waist, slowing me down.
"Calm it girly."  Matt said laughing.
"Finnneee."  I said, smirking.  We sent the rest of the day there.  We met some fans, rode some rides and played some games.  The last game we played, Matt won me a HUGE stuffed bear.  Like, its bigger than me.  We put the stuffed animal in the car and started walking on the shoreline.  We walked for 10 minutes, and the sun started to set.  Matt stopped, and I stopped with him.
"Ashley, I've been meaning to ask you something."  Matt said.  I nodded.
"You can ask me anything."  I said, looking at him in the eye.
"Ashley, I have had this, huge crush on you, ever since I laid eyes on you.  I know that some of the other guys liked you, and wanted to make a move on you, which only made my feelings grow.  You are amazing, and so, different than other girls, in the best way.  Ashley Grier, will you be my girlfriend?"  Matt asked.  I can't believe he asked me this.
"Matt....."
A/n:
Hey guys!  I'm sorry about the lack of uploading.  I can't seem to use a schedule to update, so I have to update whenever I can.  I hope you aren't to mad about my cliff hanger.  If you liked it, vote, comment and share the story!  Thanks guys!