
''We shall make a toast, to,...to,'' she whispered in my ear, ''the Russian mafia''. Our cups clinked together. After we both took a sip, she said, ''Dobro pozhalovat' v sem'yu .''
''Huh?'' I said. What was she saying?
''It means 'welcome to the family' in Russian.'' she said.
''Thanks, Alicia, for everything.''
''Please, call me Ally. If you ever need anything, just come to me.''
''Thank you so much,...Ally. You're the kindest person I've ever met.''
''No problem. Anytime.''
''Can I ask you something?''
''Sure, what is it?''
''I just wanted to know,...what are you getting out of this?'' I asked.
''I'm getting a bigger family. I'm getting to know younger people. I never have the opportunity to meet youth.''
"Well I'm glad that you now have the chance to get to know someone as young as me. We'll be good friends. Trust me. You are here for me and now I'll be here for you. It's the least that I could do."
"Thank you." She said.
*          *          *
Someone was tapping me. Had I been asleep? I opened my heavy eyelids. It was Ally. "Wake up, Anne. We're in Russia!"
"Really?! How exciting! Is the...house close to the airport?" I realized that the flight attendant was looking at us, smiling. Of course I couldn't say castle. Ally mouthed 'nice save' and winked at me. For a groggy person who just woke up from a nap I sure knew how to cover things up. I knew that since I was part of 'the family' now, I had the responsibility to keep the Russian mafia a secret, even if it meant death.
''Let's go. The house is close.'' I knew exactly why. If our 'family's cover would've been blown, the airport would've been close enough for us to escape on time.
''OK. I got up from the long couch that I'd been sleeping on for hours and stretched. I only got up twice to use the bathroom. I ate a peanut butter and jelly sandwhich and a bag of potato chips. The flight attendant opened the jet door for us. I have never exited a jet by walking down it's stairs, let alone fly in one...until now. When I walked down, I felt like I was about to fall forward. The stairs were so small that my feet were longer than one step. I realized that Alicia did not have her suitcase.
''What happened to your suitcase?''
''Haha. It's fine. Someone's going to pull my suitcase for me.''
''Oh.''