
As I walked out, I looked for a red Porsche. Wow. Alicia was right on time. I felt  a fresh breeze blow on my hair. It was sort of chilly tonight, but not that chilly. She stopped right in front of my house and stepped on the gas to make sure I knew it was her. When I was walking towards the car, I got butterflies in my stomach. I didn't know what I was expecting in Russia. I entered the car. ''Hello, Alicia.''
''Hey, Anne. How do you feel?''
''Anxious.''
''Don't worry. We have a private jet reserved just for the two of us.''
''Really?! How are you affording all of this?''
''We are a very wealthy mafia. It's not what I call gambling but we bet on boxers. Our mafia has a boxing team and every now and then, we battle against others and bet on our team. The Russian mafia has never lost a bet. Of course we don't call ourselves a mafia in front of them but, we call each other a clique.''
''Oh. That's very cool. That must be a great advantage.''
''Yes, it is. We can get a lot of things done. The mafia takes breaks to relax their minds. But the mafia is in another mansion. The castle is for the royal family,...for you.''
''Oh. Wow. I never thought I'd be called a royal.''
''Well, in a couple of hours, you'll officially be one.''
*          *          *
My jaw dropped as I entered the G650. There were flight attendants waiting to attend to our needs as Alicia and I entered the jet. There was a laptop on one table, and a small flat screen next to a bowl of apples on another. The white leather chairs were beside a table that was brown and smooth. There was a vase with an orchid in it. I love orchids! They're my favorite!
''Make yourself comfy.'' Alicia said. A flight attendant came over and asked, ''What would like to drink, princess?'' What?! I was confused. I had a blank expression on my face. Was she supposed to know about the mafia? Then she said, ''I'm just playing with you, dear. So, what would you like to drink today? Our special today is the all-time famous 'Shirley Temple'.''
What a relief! I thought I was about to have a heart attack! That flight attendant has a killer sense of humor. ''I'll have a 'Shirley Temple', please.''
''Have you ever tried one?'' she asked.
''No. I've always wanted to, though.''
''Great. It'll be ready in a short while.'' Alicia came and sat next to me. She put a piece of paper in front of her. On the top it read: CONTRACT. I saw a bunch of words on the paper.
''If you sign this, it will change your life forever. This sheet of paper has all of the information about becoming royalty to a positive influential clique, aka,'' she leaned and whispered in my ear, ''the positive Russian mafia.''
''I'm ready to sign.''
''OK.'' She handed me a ball point pen and slid the contract to me. I took the pen in my left hand and signed on the bottom. I decided to sign in script because it would look sophisticated. ''Are you a lefty?'' Alicia asked.
''Yeah, why?''
''I've just always found it cool and rare.''
''Oh. Well, thanks for noticing.'' Just then, the flight attendant came back with two drinks in either of her hands.
''One 'Shirley Temple' for the young lady and a 'Margarita' for the nice lady who complemented me on my hair.'' We all laughed. The flight attendants name tag read: Rhonda. Her hair was a dirty blonde. She had a neat fishtail braid to the side. If you had long hair and planned to do a fishtail, I wish you luck because its gonna take a while.