
"I'm sorry." I told the lady I bumped into. She was about my height. A little taller. She had blonde hair and dark green eyes. Her face seemed friendly.
"It's alright, sweetheart. No worries."  The stranger looked at me with peculiar eyes, scrutinizing my face and body features. I followed her eyes with my body. Then, she pulled out something from her jacket pocket. "Here's my card. I'm a woman who can make a girl's life worry-free and can even make her dreams come true." the lady winked at me, chuckled, turned around...and left. I was about to follow the woman to ask her what she'd meant, but I had to give the cashier my money to pay for the milk and eggs.
As soon as I got out, I looked around for her. She was gone.
*          *          *
"Why are you so irresponsible?! You never do what I tell you to! If you see a mess, clean it up! I always have to be the one to-!"
Blah, blah, blah. I just stopped listening to her. She was the one who made the mess. And anyways, she was yelling at me to get out of her way while she was cooking. What a mom...
She is never comprehensible. I never understand what's going on in that brain of hers! She always gave me headaches! I never bothered to defend myself because she would always fight back and make a stupid excuse and raise her voice over me to show she was boss. My mom always makes fun of me and insults me. She is always calling me dumb and idiotic. She says I don't do anything around the house. At least she wasn't abusive. She was just strict. But, she would get on my nerves. My mom would go on and on about one little thing I do wrong.
This time, she was not stopping. My mom kept blabbering on about responsibility. Since I have a short temper, I just gave up. If I didn't leave soon I would become deaf from all of the yelling. As she is still yelling, I lock myself in the bathroom and take the card with me.
"Hello?" a lady said.
"Yeah. It's the girl you bumped into yesterday at the convenience store. I was just wondering what you meant yesterday. I was about to ask you but you left and I had to pay the cashier."
"I'm sorry for the inconvenience. I am a specialist in solving problems for people." She wasn't being specific enough. She was clearly vague and not a 'get-to-point' kind of person.
"What do you mean? Explain."
"I'm am looking for a special girl who wants to solve all of her problems. A girl who is willing to give up her old life so that she can get a brand new one. But what I'm about to tell you is too confidential for anyone else to know."
A lot of things were going through my mind. Who was this lady? She seemed trustworthy. I hated my life and I wish for a brand new one. At this point I don't care if I get kidnapped and get killed or terminally ill. My life sucked. I always have to handle my short temper because of my annoying mother who was too strict and didn't give a damn about my ear drums.
"Don't worry. I won't say a word. I hate my life anyways. I just want another life..."
"And why is that?" She asked.
"I'm just tired of my mother yelling at me. She's always teasing me and telling me that I'm worthless."
"OK. So, if you do end up spilling the beans, they'll be coming for you-And don't ask. By them I mean my crew. I am a part of the Russian Mafia. Don't be alarmed by it. We are not heard of. The only heard of mafia's are in Sicily, Italy and in the U.S. We are the good guys. We believe that peace is key to a successful world. We are sort of like the Navy Seals of the U.S. We are a group of professionals who attack on any enemies that try to destroy mother Russia. The only thing Is that we are not known to Russia. The Russian mafia is afraid that Russia will deny our help. They will think that we are a part of the other mafia and that we will try to bring down the country. That is why we honor Switzerland. They are a neutral country and they live in peace. Our next plan is to create Russian mafia's first ever Royal family. The mafia looked far and wide. Of course we didn't pick Russians because they might turn on us and betray us. So we looked where we new lived a lot of people from different origins. The old melting pot. And that country is-"