
"America!" I finished. I was definitely into what she was saying. Royalty! Who wouldn't deny that?! People won't deny me. They will respect me! How cool is this?!
"So, what do you say?"
"What's going to happen? This is all too easy. Is there a flaw? There must be at least one." I said.
"You have to marry. So you will be crowned queen. He will be crowned king. How old are you, sweetie?"
"I'm twelve."
"My colleague is searching for someone just like you. But, he is looking for males. Males that are having troubles in their lives, too. The thing is, we don't know what exact age he's going to be. I'll tell Michael to search in a young age range. Closest to twelve...just for you."
"Thanks."
"Remember, you both won't see each other until the day you get married." She warned.
"I don't really care. As long as I get out of my old life."
"You'll be safe. If the American police find you, they won't be able to hurt you. You'll sign a contract saying that I'm taking care of you because you chose me. Since you'll be on Russian grounds, you'll be safe. We will limit your contact with people. They will only look in the U.S. first. Nobody will think of looking for you in Russia. I mean, how In the world could a twelve year old girl get from New York, U.S.A. to Russia? You don't have that much money saved up. They'll probably check your social networking accounts. Do me a favor. Erase all of your social networking accounts. Delete your history."
"When shall I pick you up?"
"Tomorrow."
"Are you sure? Won't that be too soon for you?"
"Yes, I'm sure and no, it's not too soon."
"OK. Remember to delete your social networking accounts and more importantly, take your social security information, your passports, and your birth certificate. Without that, you won't be able to travel to Russia."
"OK. Got it. Hey, what's your name?"
"My name is Alicia Barton."
"My name is Anne Creed. Nice to meet you."
"Nice to meet you, too. I would also like you to leave all of your belongings except for the documents I asked you to bring. I will pick you up at any time. Just tell me your address and time."
*          *          *
I turned my door knob counter-clockwise slowly. The door shut with a small squeak. I tip-toed down the stairs with a hold of my documents. Suddenly, I heard my cat's meow.
''Shh! Be quiet, Peaches!'' I whispered, even though I knew that he probably doesn't understand a word I'm saying. I took the farewell letter that I was working on yesterday and left it on the table. I walked to the front door cautiously, trying not to step on the creaky tiles. I looked back one last time at Peaches and blew him a kiss.