
Alexis's POV: Dang, its so nice outside today. Ninety degrees and sunny, with the perfect amount of wind. Wish it was like this everyday.  But no. I live in North Pole, Alaska. The land of snow for 9 out of 12 months. Sometimes when I'm on YouTube, I wonder what it would be like to meet- or even ask out!- my favorite YouTubers, such as Bodil40, Ghosteez, and Deadlox. Bodil was my favorite for multiple reasons. Mostly because of his laugh, his humor, and the fact that we are the same age! We are both 19, and so is Ghost and Deadlox. Since I had been inspired to make a channel, I did one day when I was chilling in my room, on YouTube. I had decided to make my channel name LexDil40, for my love of Bodil40, of course. I hopped onto Minecraft to record an Epic Jump Map. At the end, I thanked Bodil for inspiring me to make this channel. After I edited it, I posted it onto my channel. In only ten minutes, I already had 300,000 views and 5,000 subs. That was pretty cool. I was going to post a new vid of me singing, but my stomach growled, and I gave in to the hunger. I logged out of YouTube and went downstairs. (A/N 2-24-15: hey guys, lets just say that my apartment has a second floor, mkay? Cool.)
Bodil's POV: I got on YouTube to find a bunch of messages saying, "Go check LexDil40's channel!" She had an Epic Jump Map video, and it seemed to be the first video on the channel. So I decided to watch it, and wowee, that was a pretty good EJM. I think I'll subscribe to her and send her a message. She had pretty good content, and I'm glad that I inspired her to make a channel. I messaged her: "Hey, pretty good EJM you did. And nice parkour skills. You did great for your first video. Keep up the great work." Ahh. I hope she reads this. She may not notice it tho. But whatever. I've gotta go do stuff.
Alexis's POV:  I hopped back onto YouTube, and I saw a message from HIM. Bodil40.  "EEK!" I squealed. I read the message, and it said: "Hey, pretty good EJM you did. And nice parkour skills. You did great for your first video. Keep up the great work."  OMG. HE ACTUALLY WATCHED IT. EEEEEKKKKK I CANT BELEIVE IT!!!!! OK, Lexi. Calm down. I took a few breaths before replying: "Wow, thank you. If you want, we can do a vid sometime. Here's my Skype." I hit send. I hoped that he would notice it. He has so many messages, probably. :( Well, I gotta do nightly cleaning of the apartment!
A/N: Well, we'll see if Bodil replies, eh? Or nahh?