
Chapter 1
~ I can't see. I am awake but why can't I see. I'm about to push myself of the bed but small hands grip my shoulder and gently pushes me back down.
I'm panicking before a women's voice speak. "Get some rest Noah," she says softly. Memories fly back to me and before I get knocked out from drugs, tears well up in my empty eyes.~
My pencil is tapping carelessly on my desk as I stare at the clock right on top of the door. Five minutes left. I'd rather go volunteer than be in this prison, but I can't imagine how I'd feel when it's time to go home after that. That's considered to be walking into the arms of the grim reaper.
I look at Mr.Winslet's balding head as he is trying to get a video about French culture to play. I like French but Mr. Winslet talks more than an average teenager's attention span.
I sigh in relief as the bell rings. I get out of the classroom and head straight for the exit. I don't make any trips to my locker because I have everything in my bag. Like, what is the point of going to your locker, stuff books in your bag, THEN go home. It is a waste of time and energy. Well there is a set back and it's how your big bag makes you look like a hunchbacked ogre; well for me it does.
I walk out into the September air. It is pretty cold outside since October is creeping around the corner, and in Canada, winter does not take it's time in showing up. I have to walk to the hospital since I can't get my license until I'm seventeen, which I will be in January. For now I have to walk everywhere which I don't really mind because that is when I take time to think about anything.
The hospital is not that far from school. It took me ten minutes to get to the hospital. When I walk in, I go to the employees room and put my bag in my locker. What I'm wearing right now is good for work, a plain white t-shirt and some yoga pants. I'm not much of a fashion forward person.
Once I'm ready, I go to my volunteer manager's office.
"Hey Wren." I greet once I've opened the door to his office, I knocked of course.
"Hey Sage." Wren greeted, while looking down at some papers in front of him. I stood there awkwardly looking down at my runners.
"Today, I want you to speak to two recently new patients," Wren started and before I can get a word out, he continues, " and I know, that's not what you normally do but this could help you get a part-time job here, if you know how to do more than one job."
I sighed, Wren knew I couldn't say no if it was a chance to get a part-time job here because I need to start saving for university, or at least the college nearby.
"Fine." I said along with an exasperated sigh. Wren laughed and gave me the patients' files along with a report log of my first impressions of the patients, after I saw them of course.
I left Wren's office and opened one file while I waited for the elevator to come down. The person's name is Mabel, she is 65 years old and apparently she attempted suicide, overdosing on her meds, which happened two weeks ago. Why would she want to kill herself now? She's almost completed her life, why won't she just live the rest of what she has?
The elevator made a ping sound and opened its door. I go in and press the fourth floor button. Most patients who would be staying here for quite a while would stay on the fourth floor. The rooms will be a bit bigger and it would be a private room.
Once I reached the fourth floor, I find my way to Mabel's room. I knock on the door and wait. After a while, when no one answered, I opened the door slightly and peak in, to find that she is sleeping. I sighed in relied, I was not prepared to talk to any patients. Hopefully the other patient is sleeping too.