
Jenn sighed, forcing herself to believe something good would come up eventually. It would, she was sure. She pulled herself up, only to fall back and rest her head onto Andrea.
****
The night was young, but the year was old. December 31st, 2014, 11:09 p.m., and God, Jenn wasn't ready.
"Do I look good?" Andrea asked, flaunting herself at Jenn. Anyone could see how she looked in that dress and know that nothing could compare.
"As always," Jenn replied, rearranging her flannel.
Andrea walked past her, tracing her window with her finger. "Late night, black dress, and no plans to... execute?"
Jenn was too eager. "I could be your plans."
"You want me to execute you?" Andrea asked, taken back. Jenn shook her head. "I'm not Robespierre, God, Jenn. But come on, let's go downstairs and raid the liquor cabinet or something."
****
Andrea turned on their outdoor fire-pit. Jenn stared at it as if it were the only real light in the entire world. It was barely 11:20, but the two still cuddled with each other, sipping on some unidentifiable drink. Jenn's entire mouth burned at the taste of it, but it was oddly satisfying. Maybe because Andrea was around, or maybe because her impulsive side was out.
It was just what happened when she didn't take her pills. Not that she had anything wrong with her impulse, but she always felt that if she already was being a rebel by not taking them, she could be even more of a rebel by somehow messing her life up.
The last time it was something drastic was when she, basically, ran away from home.
"Andrea, I feel great," Jenn said, actually not feeling close to anything good. "I'm with you, we're near fire, we aren't getting stoned -- I think life is fucking great!"
Andrea didn't believe her and completely recognized something was wrong, but it didn't seem to matter now. "I think you've had enough." She pulled the drink out of Jenn's hand slowly. Jenn looked torn up at first, but quickly regained her aloofness. "Don't look at me like that, I love you."
Jenn nodded as she felt a tap on her back. She turned quickly, ready to attack and protect Andrea until she realized it was probably the most harmless people ever: Lauren and Arden, standing right behind them.
"Excuse me for being a dick, but why the hell are you guys here?" Jenn asked.
Lauren shrugged. "The party got out of control, we got bored, and Kalin and Myles are trying to supervise it. We left," she answered.
Jenn and Andrea were content with that answer. Andrea handed a clear, alcohol filled bottle, offering them the rest. She couldn't get drunk when Jenn was the way she was. They accepted, standing over the fire, too.
"So," Andrea said, "what happened to you and Denis?"
"He's just not my type," Lauren said, "I can't like a frat boy. He was cute, though."
"He was not that cute," Arden butted in.
Lauren rolled her eyes. "Whatever dude, there's a reason you wear glasses." Arden scoffed. "What's with Jenn? She's kind of -- "
"Quiet? Yeah, I don't know either. She willingly drank alcohol, too," Andrea said, watching Jenn slowly pull out a cigarette from her pocket and light it, "and now, she's smoking. Great, okay."
The four waited for midnight, hearing everyone in the neighborhood count down to one, starting at thirty seconds for some ridiculous reason. Jenn was resting her head on Andrea's shoulder most times while Lauren and Arden were busy with the bottle. They were at ten by now, and Andrea pulled Jenn closer. Even Jenn was aware of this.