
"Anna? Anthony? What the hell are you guys doing?" Andrea asked, brushing herself off.
"Oh. Looks like we can't be in our own house, Anna. We're leaving then," Anthony said, strutting out the door. He entered quickly again. "Long time, no see, huh?" Andrea nodded slowly, as if none of this were real.
"What's new, kid?" Anna asked, "and who's the stranger?" Jenn found a finger pointed straight at her.
"That... That's Jenn," Andrea said, wrapping her hand around Jenn's. Jenn quickly complied. "My girlfriend." Jenn blushed, remaining silent.
"You're quite the dinner table conversation," Anna said, dropping her purse. Anthony headed to his room, perhaps to find some sense in this home again. "Just don't fuck up, yeah?"
Jenn nodded silently. Andrea rested her head on Jenn's shoulder as Anna fled the scene. The brunette cooed as she found the perfect spot on Jenn, tightening the lock on their hands. It was unbreakable. Many moments passed, and Jenn meant to say something each of those times, but knew it would be rude to interrupt her lover from comfort.
"Jenn, can we talk?" Andrea whispered, sitting up from her comfortable position.
"Yeah, of course. What is it?"
"Is Anna making you uncomfortable? I won't be mad if she is." Jenn tilted her head, almost about to shake her head, but never did. "Jenn, I'm sorry. She's just overprotective and doesn't know you."
"Doesn't being a 'dinner table conversation' let her get to know me enough?"
"Jenn, you know I wouldn't say something they don't like."
"I don't see why she's like that, then." Jenn huffed out a breath.
"Come on, you have to understand what it's like to care about someone so much that you don't want them to get hurt." Jenn shook her head. "You don't? What about your old friends?"
Jenn stopped her. "I trusted them to make good decisions. I mean, fuck, look at them. They're good people doing great things, but I'm just here."
"Don't you worry about yourself getting hurt?" Andrea asked, placing a hand on Jenn's knee.
She made sure to clear her throat so Andrea would understand. "I don't care about myself, so I don't care about myself getting hurt."
"Jenn, don't say that," Andrea said, unmeaningly scoldingly.
"I'm serious -- Andrea, just because I met you and love you doesn't mean I started to love myself," Jenn admitted. She sunk into the couch; Andrea watched. "I'm just scared your family won't like me. I'm nothing without you, and I just found you again, and I'm not going to lose you to anything."
"I'm an adult. They can't do anything." Andrea pulled Jenn towards her, kissing her forehead.
****
"So... Uh, Jenn, is it?" Anna asked, "Where do you go to school?" Jenn gulped.
"Since when did you become a mom?" Andrea asked. "It doesn't matter anyway."
"It was a question."
"A really rude one. She's been through a lot, she's not in school right now. She wants to focus on fixing her life." Andrea rolled her eyes at Anna, slugging her arm over Jenn's shoulder. Jenn concealed a smile, she never expected Andrea to pick her over her family.
She heard stories about Andrea's family before; Andrea was obviously very fond of them. Even a stranger could tell they were close-knit and trusted each other. Even if Anna and Andrea were fighting, they still loved each other to death.