
"Should I just knock? I'm knocking."
"Andrea, no!" Jenn leaped to stop her, only to be caught by Andrea.
"I'm doing it."
Jenn sighed. "It's sketchy, though. It's late out, not the best neighborhood... You know, my dad has always been paranoid."
"Bullshit. I'm knocking." By that point, Jenn had given up. Patrick opened at the fifth knock, Jenn had counted.
"Yes, may I help -- Oh. Oh my God," Patrick said. He eyed his only child in a girl's arms as if the girl was the only thing stopping her from attacking him. "Jennifer."
Andrea let go of Jenn, for the most part. "Patrick," Jenn said.
"Come inside with your friend, I'll make you coffee."
****
Jenn sat next to Andrea on the sleek leather couch. Patrick wasn't doing too bad for himself. He sat across from them, pulling a seat from the dinner table.
"Where the fuck have you been?" Jenn asked, ready to spit fire at him. Andrea eased her down.
"Hello to you, too, daughter."
"Oh, my bad. Hello my abandoning, useless, abusive, loser of a father. I've been great, I went to a psych ward because I tried to kill myself, but how about you? Where the fuck have you been?" Andrea grabbed her hand.
Patrick sighed, reclining back into his chair. "I've been here. What else can I tell you? I've always been right here."
"I've been across the fucking country, Patrick."
"And good for you. Got a job? Boyfriend? Girlfriend?" He pointed at Andrea.
Jenn froze. Andrea couldn't butt in now. She just painfully watched as her girlfriend's mouth was open, but refused to make a sound. "I thought this was going to be easier for me."
"If you have a point, make it."
"I'm dating this girl right here. I felt like I had to tell you." She leaned closer to him. "I think she's the one."
"After your parents, you still believe in love?"
"Hell no. I just believe in us."
"I'm happy for you. Now, stay as long as you want, but I'm going to get coffee for now. My coffee is shit." He stepped outside, his keys ringing with each step.
"God, I fucking love you, Andrea." Jenn kissed her, nearly pushing Andrea over.
"Alright, alright, I'm not a bowling pin, calm down, I've already fallen for you anyway, you shit. Just kiss me 'til he gets back."
"I just want to hold you."
****
By the time her dad got back, the couple were asleep on the couch. Jenn was behind Andrea, holding her tightly. Andrea allowed herself to be held, for Jenn's arms to cross her stomach and bring her closer to her.
Love like theirs was rare. Countless stories told the world about love like theirs, but people rarely experienced it in real life. To them, it was as real as it could get.
Jenn yawned, holding Andrea's hand tightly. "You know, 'Dad,' I've always really fucking hated you. I'm sure we had our good times, but I really did hate you at some point. I still kind of do, but you're more accepting than who I got stuck with."
"You did say you liked her better when I asked you."