
I believe I started this fanfiction quite a while ago, and I intended to finish it. I still do, and although I've been quite a terrible person about updating it due to multiple, let's say, complications relating to the YouTubers in this or just generally my personal life. I know for a fact it's been a super long time, but I've just generally wondered whether to scrap the chapters I'm not proud of because I want you guys to enjoy them, or to just do this entire "supply and demand" thing where I just give chapters on a more scheduled basis even if they're not necessarily the best.
I'm eternally grateful for the 5.35k+ who have read the previous chapters and for anyone who ever will. I'm not sure if it's writer's block anymore or just generally how I cannot seem to find the connection to Andrea like I used to, but I will try. Or maybe it's because Jenndrea is legitimately dead, which I guess we could all "revive" through these works.
So to everyone who is waiting for me, keep waiting. Soon, extremely soon, good chapters will come, especially to the new Wattpad word count feature on mobile devices.
I've lost valuable time working on this and I've had to set priorities, but I promise that I'll be back extremely soon. I will finish this, and what was intended to be the prequel to this, and they will both be uploaded hopefully soon.
Anyway, I figured I should give you some insight on what I'm planning, and if ANYONE wants to bother voting for this, then go ahead.
After Through the Dark finishes (epilogue, playlist dedicated to it so y'all can reread and enjoy w/ a playlist to go along), should I:
a) publish the prequel, Where It Started? (This would not take long, but obviously it wouldn't be long. I mean, technically, but it's different from TTD in the way where it wouldn't feature Andrea at all, and would probably be significantly shorter. I've technically completed it, but writing in first person is odd to me.)
b) move onto Memories Between Us? (The one where Andrea's dead, Jenn gets all... I don't know, weird. Also would probably be shorter than what I planned TTD to be, and if I remember, it's first person.)
c) write Socially Inept? (Jenn is socially awkward, but meets Andrea at school and stuff. Probably super dark at some points, uhh... Someone dies in the eventual friend group. I feel like this is partially inspired by Perks of Being a Wallflower, but just in the sense that Jenn's an outcast, wallflower, whatever.)
d) write a completely lighter fanfiction of Jenndrea. No one dies, it's all just nice high school-ish stuff. (I don't know?? This is kind of eh at the moment because although I'm in high school, I don't follow the norm for high school experiences. Yikes.)
e) stop writing omg
f) Other! Leave in the comments kiddos
Ah have fun
also follow me yo hmu on everything basically @/cjnbd