
"Who are you visiting? What is your relationship to them? What is your name?" a nurse asked.
"Jennifer McAllister. Friend. Kalin White."
Eventually, Jenn approached him, covering her wrists in shame. "Oh. Hey," Jenn said.
"Jenn, I've got great news," Kalin said, "I broke up with Maya. Well, it was mutual."
Jenn tilted her head. "And?"
"That's it," he eagerly exclaimed.
"That's supposed to be good news?" Jenn asked. Kalin nodded.
"Look, Jenn, I love you."
"Okay, this is getting weird." She tried slipping away, Kalin grabbed her hand.
"No, Jenn, really. The time away from you killed me, and I just realized that I love you. I want you fore --"
"I'm lesbian."
"--ver, and I never want to let you g-- Wait, what?"
Jenn nodded slowly. "I, Jenn McAllister, am a lesbian. Were you even paying attention when I told you about Pennsylvania?"
"I guess not," he said, hunching over slightly.
"I never mentioned a girlfriend, because I never had one, but I did mention leaving because I wasn't accepted. You have to listen, Kalin."
"Well, whatever makes you happy," Kalin said, "that's what matters." He trudged through the exit, barely looking back at Jenn.
****
After group, Andrea and Jenn sat together once more, conversing more and bonding. The two were, as anyone could tell, a match, that was certain. What wasn't certain, however, was that the romantic feelings were mutual. Jenn wouldn't blame her; They met barely a day ago. When Jenn liked someone, it was upfront and obvious -- She would lose her cool and start stuttering.
Andrea looked at Jenn and wondered what exactly got to her so much, what pushed her over the edge. She tried putting herself in Jenn's shoes, seeing things from Jenn's eyes. Andrea saw that Jenn was a nervous wreck, but she tried to hide it by staying silent. The illusion that Jenn put up couldn't fool Andrea. She tried to make some sense of Jenn, like she had done with everyone else, but Jenn was so... different. Jenn was so oddly complex, with her little quirks and whatnot. There was so much about her, and Andrea had yet to find out about them.
"You like it here?" Andrea asked, scooting her chair closer to Jenn's.
"Yeah. Well, as much as you can like a psych hospital," Jenn answered. I like it because of you, she thought. "How long have you been working here? Er, do you get paid? No, I mean, are you a volunteer?" She ducked her head into her arms as her face reddened.
Andrea chuckled. "You're adorable, Jenn. And I've been volunteering here since I graduated high school, which was two years ago. I was never admitted here, but my sister was, so that's why I'm here and helping you."
"Oh, so you're from around here?" Jenn, you idiot, of course she is, Jenn thought, mentally stabbing herself and internally screaming.
The brunette nodded. "And I know you're not. You're too... pale. Anyways, how old are you? Like, sixteen?" Andrea asked, not even meaning offense. It was a genuine question, but Jenn's soul continued screaming -- This wasn't the first time someone confused her to be younger than her age. She didn't blame her, though. She did look twelve, after all.