
Andrea rubbed Jenn in some circular motion, causing Jenn to slightly arch her back as she moaned quietly. Andrea smiled, pushing her back down and going faster. "God, you're such a fucking tease! Just do it already!" Jenn shouted, but Andrea didn't comply. Jenn growled at her, but then started to beg for Andrea.
After a few seconds, the good, wholesome person who fulfills everyone's wish came out of Andrea. Andrea proved so by doing exactly what Jenn wanted -- Andrea was legitimately inside Jenn now, and much more than just her heart. (Additionally, Andrea had long fingers that completely assisted Jenn's long, loud moan.)
She shifted her fingers in and out multiple times, causing Jenn to quickly arch her back and climax. Andrea let Jenn have at least ten seconds prior to her giving her another kiss and lying down beside her. The queen sized bed definitely fit both of them, who were absolutely royalty to each other. Andrea watched the closed-eyed blonde slowly regain her breath. Her chest didn't rise as much nor as often. Her back was now on the bed, flat, as opposed to arched up.
The two looked at each other with squinting eyes and upturned mouths. Jenn was sure that the waterworks would have started if it weren't for Andrea's kiss interrupting any emotion. Jenn sat up, propped up on one arm while the other lightly touched Andrea's cheek.
The brunette was the first to break the kiss, but all in good reason. "I hope it felt good."
"Of course it did. But it felt a bit... I don't know. It was good, that's all."
She ignored her hesitation. "I don't think you had the full experience, though," Andrea said mischievously. Jenn's heartbeat was more than evident by now. "You can do the exact same to you."
"Andrea, I don't know -- "
"Jenn."
"-- if I can, I mean, I'm not... I -- "
"Jenn, stop being so worried. What are you so scared of? Me?" Andrea smiled, slipping her hand into Jenn's.
The blonde shook her head. "That's not it at all. I don't want to hurt you, though."
"You won't, but I won't force you to do anything with me. But if you want to, I'm here, okay?" Andrea asked. Jenn nodded, leaning forward to kiss her. "I love you, Jenn." Jenn smiled, collapsing into Andrea's arms.
"So you're not mad that I won't touch you?" Jenn asked in a hushed tone.
Andrea shook her head slowly. "Why would I be? I'm still very turned on, but I can deal with that myself. I'm happy I did what you wanted and I'm happy you are. I'll wait until you're ready, I always have." The brunette could feel Jenn's smile on her bare chest.
"Did you date anyone while we were talking?" Jenn inquired, her voice drowned out to herself by Andrea's heartbeat.
"Besides the girl I dated senior year, no. Not anyone that counted, though. I had flings and whatever, but I couldn't even begin to get serious with anyone because of you."
"Oh. I'm sorry," Jenn said, not sorry in any way.
"No, I'm happy you made me feel that way! You made me realize what I wanted," Andrea said, "an eighteen year old girl who's 5'4, blonde, and right next to me."
"You didn't really know that at the time, though. I was probably 5'3, anyway."
Andrea shrugged. "Same difference." Silence arose between them for a good few minutes. Andrea thought Jenn was asleep, but she truly wasn't. "Do you want to go back to Pennsylvania?"
"Sure, maybe one day," Jenn whispered, seemingly about to fall asleep.