
Andrea nodded and put her purse down. Jenn plopped down on the couch, slowly exhaling and spreading herself across the couch. "So... Want anything to eat?" Jenn shook her head while Andrea galloped over, taking a seat on Jenn's feet.
Jenn groaned. "Get the fuck off, oh my God."
"Hm... No," Andrea teasingly said, keeping herself attached to Jenn's feet. The blonde grumbled to herself before slipping her feet up from beneath. She quickly attacked Andrea with tickles.
"Stop!" Andrea yelled while laughing. Jenn sat on top of her. "Hey, you can't do that!" Jenn grinned and leaned closer to Andrea. Andrea leaned in to kiss her, but flipped them over when she got the chance.
"Fuck, God damn it, Andrea," she said, hitting the side of the couch. Andrea smiled deviously and proceeded to tickle her, making her let out a disruptive giggle. The brunette raised her eyebrows and stopped tickling her. She grew closer to Jenn.
"I like your laugh. It's beautiful," Andrea whispered into Jenn's ear, "just like you."
"Cheeseball," Jenn muttered.
Andrea rolled her eyes and leaned into kiss her. Jenn grew flustered, but kissed her back. The two sat up, rearranging themselves. Andrea straddled Jenn, kissing her repeatedly. She became sloppier each kiss, but so did Jenn. Eventually, Andrea grew tired of the same kissing and slipped her tongue into Jenn's mouth.
Jenn opened her eyes wider than she'd ever before, seeing that Andrea still had hers closed. She felt Andrea explore her mouth. Jenn found it weird, but let her do what she wanted, even retaliating with her own tongue.
Andrea softly moaned because of Jenn's tongue and pressed herself harder against her. She felt Jenn's hand slip under her shirt and ride up her warm chest.
Just then, Jenn heard a camera shutter, somewhat seeing a flash, and quickly pulled away from Andrea. "The fuck?"
"Did I do something?"
"No, it isn't you. I heard something," Jenn said, turning her head to the windows at their far left.
Andrea kissed Jenn's neck. She whispered, "It's nothing." Her lips travelled up near Jenn's, then slowly travelled back down to her neck. She continued to kiss there, eventually leaving a large lovebite on the side of her neck.
The two continued as they were, with Jenn's hand still up Andrea's shirt. Andrea grew restless and took off her shirt. Jenn was once again surprised, pulling away from Andrea.
"It's okay, Jenn." Andrea was clad in only a bra and jeans. She grabbed Jenn's hand and placed it on her breast.
Jenn grew red quickly. Andrea nodded, letting Jenn to finally fulfill her fantasy. Andrea moaned quietly. The two fell completely on the couch, but Jenn was on top of Andrea. Andrea slowly slipped her hand onto Jenn's butt and squeezed it.
She didn't mind, but heard another faint camera shutter. Still grasping at Andrea's chest, Jenn grew more violent with her kisses and massages.
The two desperately grabbed at each other and pushed their lips harder, hoping they didn't get a bruise from any of it. Just as Jenn moaned, the door swung open to none other than her roommates.
Lauren and Arden shielded their eyes and Jenn quickly sat down next to Andrea, fixing herself. Andrea remained shirtless. "How did you even get in here?" Andrea asked, grabbing Jenn's hand.
"The door wasn't locked and we knew where you lived," Lauren said, closing the door behind them.