
Lauren rubbed her temples. "No! Arden, what if Marcia comes back?"
"Jenn could've killed her, though, so maybe she got the message not to mess with them?" It was too early for this. Arden was innocently eating her cereal and Lauren wanted to talk about attempted murders.
"All I want is for them to be safe, is that fine with you?" Lauren asked. No response. She huffed air out in annoyance. "Stop eating cereal after breakfast time, dude." She stood up, proceeding to take the bowl from Arden, who just shrugged and got up to get another bowl. Nothing could stop her from getting her bowl of cereal, not even Lauren (especially not Lauren).
****
Four miles away from Lauren's unfortunate household stood the ever so humble Russett household. Built in 1990, the home designer couple, Mark and Jacqui, have since improved and modernized the house. Their three kids would come home from school and nearly everyday, the house would have something new in it, and something old would be tossed out. It never had that cozy home feel, but was eternally blessed with letting its inhabitants feel like the house was new. Mark and Jacqui were totally modern and up-to-date on every aspect of their lives, not just the house.
It wasn't the social norm to be homophobic anymore, so they weren't (not that they ever really were). When Andrea came out to them quite early on in her life, they weren't even a notch thrown off. If anything, they were especially glad she couldn't get pregnant.
Andrea led Jenn along the grey stone path, up to their plain white front door. Even from there, Jenn could see it was a nice house, much nicer than anything she's ever lived in. Andrea hesitated to knock, not wanting to ruin the obvious awe Jenn was in.
"We could go in, Jennifer," Andrea reminded her, "or, if you want, we could stay out here and look into my living room through the windows." She pointed at the bay window while talking.
"I'm not completely opposed to that idea. It's a nice house," Jenn replied. Andrea shook her head, hiding a smile, and loosely held Jenn's hand behind her as she inputed the code and opened the door. Jenn immediately felt her face grow hot; she had no clue what to even say. She'd never been in this situation before, mostly because she'd been a closeted loser for a good portion of her life. (Either that, or she was a kid who worried too much about her parents... parent?)
At first the house seemed empty despite Andrea's calls, but after a few minutes, the couple were quickly greeted by two grey, floppy-eared beasts that only slightly intimidated Jenn. They began barking at Jenn, who cowered in fear behind Andrea. Andrea tried her best to hold back her laughter. Quickly after the barking began, Jacqui and Mark realized they couldn't handle it, finally coming outside of their room only to see their youngest child with a near-stranger who was being barked at by their two dogs.
They just laughed the way parents do, calling the dogs back and taking a seat on their couch that looked anything but comfy. "So, this is Jenn, I presume?" Jacqui asked, rubbing one of the dog's stomach.
Andrea nodded, taking a seat across from her with Jenn. "The one and only."
"Ah, so this is you! I've heard a lot about you," Andrea's mom informed Jenn, smiling as she said it.
Jenn's eyes grew wide. "Andrea, what the f - Wait, what has she said?" Andrea tried relaxing her by putting her arm around her. Jenn, of course, ignored it.
"Jenn, calm down. I don't tell her enough about you for her to hate you. Just that you live with my good friend from high school... and that we're dating," Andrea said, quickly kissing her cheek.