
Everyone poured out, and so did Jenn. She walked among the group, everyone else in groups or pairs, her alone. Not even Sex God wanted to speak to her, but it didn't matter. She kept thinking about the girl's smile, and how it could've been broadcasted as breaking news for causing heart attacks all over the world -- Beauty causes pain, and Jenn was sure feeling it. As everyone speeded ahead of her, Jenn poked her head back into the common room.
"You're back," the girl said, giving another lovely smile. Jenn pulled a chair over and sat across from her, with the chair backwards.
Jenn felt her own smile coming on, along with a lot of feelings. "Yeah, I am." She couldn't hold back her smile, and felt her mouth shift.
"That's the first time I've seen you smile since I saw you staring at me earlier!"
Jenn blushed, which could've been evident from a mile away. The rosy cheeks unfortunately contrasted with pale face a bit too much. "Sorry."
"No, Jenn! I get it, you can't keep your eyes off me 'cause I'm so hot, obviously. It's totally fine, you're not the first," The girl assured. "You should smile more, it suits you."
Jenn grinned. "I will," she said, attempting to not sound completely head-over-heels. She wanted to say: I swear, I've seen you before. Maybe in my dreams. She also wanted to say: No, no, sorry, I wasn't meaning to flirt, I literally think I've seen you somewhere. She said neither, knowing it would creep the girl out. Instead she asked a better question, "Oh, uh, hey, if it's not too much to ask, could I have your name?"
"Of course, Jenn. I'm Andrea, Andrea Russett," Jenn memorized it, analyzed it -- Italian, perhaps? She smiled at the combination of thirteen letters, knowing she wouldn't never be able to get it out of her head.
Andrea Russett, she thought, how lovely.
****A/N: andrea's finally in this chapter!! just for you guys :-) nah jk that face is creepy. also i'm so surprised this has so many reads tbh bc no one ships jenndrea but THANK YOU GUYS I LOVE YOU GUYS I LOVE WRITING THIS BC I LIKE KNOWING THAT SOMEONE OUT THERE MIGHT WANT A JENNDREA FANFIC AND THEY MIGHT STICK AROUND TO SEE ACTUAL JENNDREA INSTEAD OF A FULL BOOK BUT THATS WHAT THIS IS OOPS.
okay also SPREAD THE WORD TO EVERYONE pleAAASE spread it like you're a mormon missionary spreading the literal word aye apologies if ur mormon but that was the first thing i could think of. if you spread the word i'll uh.. idk im goin to vidcon if anyone wants me to meet someone after lol idk
anyway yesss thanks for reading dont forget to fave, comment, and i bope you're in for another biweekly (sometimes lmao) chapter of Through the Dark!
love you guys :)