
Maybe that one day can be with me, Andrea thought. She was smiling to herself like an idiot - Thank God Jenn couldn't see it. She kissed Jenn's head then let her go to sleep. Jenn needed rest, anyway.
Andrea traced a heart above Jenn's collarbones with her fingers. Jenn tilted her head up to her and smiled sleepily. The exhaustion roared through Jenn's body and escaped through her mouth as a yawn. As she turned the other way, she heard Andrea scoot closer to her, shifting her body enough so that she would be the bigger spoon. Jenn drifted off to sleep, hearing a faint "I love you" to be carried into her dreams along with a finger-traced heart on her collarbone.
****
"My motherly instincts are calling," Lauren said.
Arden rubbed at her temples. "What are you talking about?"
"Yeah, what she said," Kalin added on. He looked over at Myles, who shrugged and continued scribbling something on a piece of paper.
"Jenn," Lauren said, "I think she did something a mother wouldn't want their child doing." Arden raised an eyebrow.
"None of us get what you mean, Lauren," Arden told her. Lauren shook her head. "You're so on edge, just calm down a little! Jenn's fine. No crazy lesbians are after her - Well, except Andrea - "
"No, I know. You're right, I know Jenn's fine," Lauren said, chuckling afterwards, "it's just that her and Andrea..."
"Yeah?" Kalin said, perking up. Arden pushed him down.
"Her and Andrea, what?" Arden asked, annoyed with how long it was taking.
"They've probably done the sex," Lauren said, quickly gasping afterwards. The three others looked at each other -- even Myles put down his notepad -- before erupting into laughter.
Arden was the first to stop laughing. "'The sex' sounds like some dance move from the 80's, but whatever you want," she said, "I'm pretty sure they've done the sex many times."
"Okay, fine. But I bet you ten dollars that when Jenn comes back, she's going to tell you about how Andrea took her sweet, sweet virginity."
"Man, I'm out. Lauren, Arden -- Wack," Kalin said, shaking his head. He pushed himself up, heading for the door. Myles followed quickly behind.
****
Two hours passed before Andrea managed to try to wake Jenn up. Her parents, oddly enough, weren't home still. As far as Andrea was concerned, her parents were off at Target, unsure of what type of tape to get, or some other trivial task like that.
Andrea nudged Jenn, who didn't even react. She sighed, staring at Jenn's bare back. It was one of the purer parts of her -- Jenn's back remained soft, pale, and unblemished. Andrea wrapped her arm around Jenn, who again remained still, as she moved closer. She felt her arm continuously rise and fall with every shallow breath Jenn took. If it were possible, she'd stay here her entire life.
However, things weren't so simple. As she heard her parents pull up in the driveway, she shrieked, waking Jenn up. Andrea squirmed off her bed while Jenn tried to make sense of what was happening. "God, fucking hell, was that really necessary?" Jenn asked, hiding herself from the blinding sun.
Andrea stopped searching for their clothes to reply. "It was necessary, Jennifer," Andrea replied, continuing to find clothes to wear. Jenn rolled her eyes, turning away from Andrea and attempting to sleep again. She immediately felt a kick to her side.