
****
Jenn stared up at the flat, white ceiling. Andrea was out getting Starbucks for the staff, because the coffee there was apparently better than hospital coffee. She was sure it was, since hospital coffee was nothing more than a wood and charcoal mixture. Sometimes, it would have creamer in it. Jenn refused to drink it either way.
She preferred hot chocolate; it was a childhood classic. Growing up in such a cold place had its perks, and constantly drinking hot chocolate while watching the snow was one of them.
Whenever Jenn flashed back to those memories, they also flashed back to memories with her mom. They were never any special family. They let things happen as they were, nothing got in the way of them. Conflicts never occurred and they had an amazing life together. Jenn was simply a closeted homosexual, and once she came out, things got complicated.
It started with her smoking, the rebellion and all. Jenn continuously blamed her mother for her starting to smoke, but knew she would've anyway. Her rebellious shift worsened after this, progressing to late night chats with strangers and being honest with the people that mattered. The teenage rebellious side of her was a phase, but the truth wasn't.
Jenn slowly fell asleep with that in mind.
****
Andrea impatiently tapped her foot. The line was unfortunately long -- Too many people wanted their pumpkin spice lattes for the holiday season. She gazed over to the extremely over-displayed Oprah chai tea latte advertisement in the front of the store, or whatever it was. Her eyes fell upon a familiar someone. "Arden?" she called.
Arden looked over at whoever was calling her, seeing it to be an old high school friend. "Andrea? Don't you have school or something?"
Andrea shook her head as the line progressed. "Nah, not right now, anyways."
Arden cut the four prepubescent girls in front of her. "Well, what've you been up to? Ooh, are you still with --"
"The usual. I'm just volunteering, hanging out with my mom, everything I used to do. And no, no, no. We broke up after high school," Andrea said, stepping forward to place her order.
"Aw, really? I'm sorry. I could hook you up with this girl I live with --"
"Nah, I'm good. I'm dating this new girl I met, she lives around here, not sure if you know her." Andrea checked the time on her phone after retrieving her order. "Oh, shit, I'm going to be late. Here, give me your number, we can catch up for coffee or something this weekend." After exchanging phone numbers, Andrea hurriedly ran out the door.
"I'll take one pumpkin spice latte and one Oprah chai tea latte, thanks," Arden said, thinking only of Andrea and who she could possibly be dating. She'd manage to hook Andrea and Jenn up, somehow. Once Jenn came back from the loony bin, she would introduce them at the diner, and they'd be on the road to love (and of course, steamy sex. Arden would be responsible).
****
Exciting.
Another update to make up for last week and stuff! :) Well thank y'all for reading. Don't forget to fave (is that even what it's called?), comment, and share with your friends! I hope y'all enjoyed this, and I'll be back *hopefully* this weekend with another update!
Also, have an amazing break (if you're even on it) and if you celebrate Christmas, I hope you have an amazing one! Byeeee!
*also* why is wattpad being weird with my spacing is it just the font im reading it in ???? help