
Jenn scrolled through her phone for a while, still holding Andrea. She checked out the multiple poems on Andrea's Notes, obviously dedicated to Jenn. On her photos, she had the worst candids of Jenn, then a collection of multiple actually nice pictures of them together. Then, she realized one horrifying thing: Andrea didn't have signal. "Uh, Andrea, don't freak out, but --"
"Yes, my love?"
"You don't have service or wi-fi. I don't know why, because Verizon's the best, but something's wrong. Something's wrong, and it'll probably get progressively more fucked."
To make things even worse, the light went out. Jenn wasn't surprised, it was an old lightbulb that her roommates never bothered to change. She thought of a terrible lightbulb joke at that moment before Andrea shrieked, grasping onto Jenn tighter. As much as Jenn enjoyed being nearly mauled by her lover, she slightly pulled away so as to not end up dead.
"Something's wrong? That's all you have to say?" Andrea asked. "We could die, Jennifer."
Jenn scoffed at her girlfriend's rather debatable statements. "We really can't."
"Let's just go back in the car, or did you drop your keys somewhere, too?" Jenn rolled her eyes, attempting to shove the key back into the keyhole without looking. Little did she know that the two of them were exceptionally far away from the door. Jenn flung her keys across the room. "Okay, congrats, that's just great. We're locked out of your car, we're locked out of your house, we're basically locked in here, because there is no way I'm going out there, and worst of all, you won't even tell me you love me."
Jenn shook her head, nestling her head into Andrea's neck. "I do love you." She kissed her lover's tan skin lightly. "We do have to get out of here, though. Everyone's probably too fucked up to hear us knocking."
Andrea exhaled slowly, feeling safer in Jenn's arms. "If you can open the garage door, I'll come with you." Jenn nodded, pulling Andrea behind her as she headed for the automatic switch to open the door.
As the door opened, a gust of wind blew in their direction, causing Andrea to shiver. Jenn, having only a t-shirt and jeans on, knew she was much colder, but it was her fault to give the eternally cold Andrea Russett her flannel. It made no difference.
The two of them urged themselves forward into this rare oddity of California weather, especially Southern California. Cold pressed up against every single atom that made the couple up, causing the two to somehow get even closer together, as if it were actually possible.
Jenn shook her head secretly at Andrea's grumbles about the cold. Just the previous week, she'd been annoying Jenn to no end with the Frozen soundtrack, despite the fact that the movie came out nearly two years earlier. "Your makeup's going to smear," Jenn stated, smiling at Andrea.
"I don't care if you don't."
"Oh, I don't care," Jenn said, "you'd still be beautiful. I just wanted to know if you cared." Jenn, as always, couldn't stop grinning. Andrea, although cold, tried to stop the smiling idiot by kissing her. Her efforts were, indeed, valiant, but they couldn't stop the blonde from making a total fool of herself by smiling while kissing.
For once, Andrea kissed actual happiness. Jenn, for some obscure reason, wasn't that stereotypical Tumblr grunge blog runner when Andrea kissed her. She wasn't the girl with Andrea as her group therapist, but as her lover, nor was she the girl who ever even needed a therapist. It was as if all those years of damage were reversed, and Jenn and Andrea were nothing more than two people who got together and decided their lips should too.