
"No, I don't think you understand," Jenn argued. It had been hours now, and days since the event that sparked their argument. "See, I'm completely, entirely, without a doubt straight."
Arden scoffed at Jenn. "You were all over Lauren, how are you 'completely straight' in any form? You're a load of bullshit." The two sat across from each other in their newly pristine kitchen. Jenn was slouched (and practically embedded) in her chair while Arden had been straight up in her chair as if she were a soldier. "You're literally acting like a child."
"Oh, I'm the lesbian one, then? Well, Arden, I'm not the one jealous -- Are you, like, totally in love with Lauren? Fucking Hell, Arden, you're bullshit. I guarantee you, I'm straight, I was just drunk." Jenn rolled her eyes at the brunette. The argumentative behavior had ironically gotten to Jenn, and she was practically a quarter of an argument away from burying Arden into the Earth so far deep that she'd finally be home.
Arden was beyond exasperated, and rather infuriated with her roommate. She was thinking about telling Jenn to rename herself to Bullshit, because that's all she was. She knew the idea that drunk actions were things someone was too afraid or inhibited to do sober. "Look, Jenn, I wouldn't have a problem with it, I just want to know, because I think you are."
"I swear on Mother Russia, I am not lesbian." Despite her calm appearance, Arden still felt the dishonest vibe fill the room.
Looks like Russia's going down because of her, Arden thought. "You're ruining my Friday with your bullshit, Jenn. I've gotten drunk before and I know you can't always blame alcohol on your actions. I wasn't born yesterday."
"Well, you sure are acting like it."
Arden had officially snapped. Not much got into Arden's mind in terms of anger, but what absolutely got to her was Jenn. "Okay, first off, fuck you, I just want to say that an uncountable amount of times, but even that wouldn't be enough for all the times I have wanted to. Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, completely fuck you. You are the definition of a waste of space and I actually wish you didn't exist, and those are horribly strong things to say. I just hate you right now, and I wish you'd stop existing." Arden regretted it soon after. She knew this would get to Jenn, and while that's what she intended, she didn't really want Jenn to leave, just to stop denying what was ultimately true.
Jenn quieted down. "Oh. Wow, I-I mean... Yeah, Arden, wow, I... didn't mean to be so obvious. It's been something I've been struggling with for a while, my sexual orientation and all. It's why I came to this vapid city, so I'd meet people who didn't care, or at least to get away from the people who did. I do like Lauren, she's a lovely girl, and beautiful, too. But I don't stand a chance, and I'd rather keep her knowledge of my crush on her nonexistent, so if you'd respect that, that would be fantastic. Thank you." Jenn mumbled something after, but Arden was frozen with shock to even comprehend it.
"Jenn --"
"It's okay, Arden. I heard you, so I'll just go."
She kept her word.
****
Kalin kept tapping his foot against the ground with no exact rhythm. His girlfriend sat next to him, several inches apart. "Look, Maya, I don't really think this is going to work out."
"Yeah, neither do I."
"Why not?" he questioned.
"Because I'm in love with someone else."
"So am I."
****
Jenn pulled a blade out, she had it lying around somewhere and no one bothered to check. There was no hesitation and she cut deeper than she ever had, focusing on nothing but the what had been pouring out of her -- It was her, the blood. Pain, melancholy, suicidal tendencies, they were what travelled through her veins. It wasn't the will to live that let her body operate, it was the will to wait for the perfect time to die, and that time was now.