
"It is ten-thirty. Your dad is probably asleep, let's just go find a hotel," Andrea pleaded.
Jenn shook her head. "No, no, no, we're close. We're really close."
"Jennifer, come on." Andrea tugged on Jenn in one direction, but Jenn started heading the other. "Jenn, you can't just do that! We have all our stuff!" Jenn didn't stop walking.
Andrea eventually caught up with her, lugging their bags behind her. As they walked through the city, Andrea realized how comfortable Jenn felt just parading through the night. Both of them were insane; Jenn for this and Andrea for loving someone who could even do this.
Ah, but of course, Jenn couldn't stopherself. Neither could Andrea.
After a few minutes, Jenn stopped in front of a somewhat decent apartment. "Jesus Christ, Jenn, you want us to get killed?" Andrea asked.
"Of course not. I'd never get you killed, babe," Jenn answered for the first time, stepping over to kiss her, "I just... hold on, let's go." Jenn pulled Andrea behind her.
"Jenn, this isn't Los Angeles. It is cold and I'm miserable because of it, and I don't know where you're taking me."
"Just trust me, Andrea. Go over the fence."
"Jenn! You just asked me to trust you, and then you just go fucking tell me to go over the fence? Why the hell am I dating you?" Andrea asked, placing her back to the fence.
Jenn shook her head, taking no haste in pushing Andrea against the fence and her lips against Andrea. She pulled away quickly. "Remember now?" Andrea nodded. "Okay, great. Now go over the fence."
"That's stupid. There has to be some other way." Andrea bent down in front of the apartment door, feeling around the doormat and frame.
"Oh, come on, Andrea. I know my family is stupid, but you don't really think my dad is stupid enough to leave his key under --"
"He is."
"You've never met my dad, you don't know that." Jenn folded her arms.
"No, I'm saying that because he did." She held up the key.
"Are we in? We're in. We're going in."
"You sure this is the place?"
"It smells just like the scumbag, let's go."
****
"What's new with Jenn and Andrea?" Arden asked, "I haven't heard from them in a while."
"Probably up to no good. Illegal drinking at New Years... Jenn basically beat someone up, so what's next?" Lauren asked jokingly.
"I just hope Marcia shows up wherever they are and fucks things up again. I want to see Jenn beat up someone."
"Jenn's a twig! She whines like a bitch, too. I love her, but I don't want to hear her complaining about getting punched in the face or whatever." Arden didn't bother replying. She knew Lauren was probably right. "So, uh... Wanna go get dinner?"
****
"I don't know why I'm here. Well, I do know. It's because, Patrick, I'm gay," Jenn said.
"You sound like you're about to cry, you pussy. Come on, Jennifer, I got you," Andrea assured, pressing her lips against Jenn's forehead. "If it goes wrong, just remember he's a scumbag."
Jenn sneered at Andrea. She sat against the fence, which poked at her back, but she was not in any mood for complaining about it. "As if that isn't on my mind enough."