
Hours later, the four were all on the roof. Typical scene, four young adult women on their roof that could've easily been confused for a balcony. The worst part was that Jenn was smoking, Andrea looked like a typical bitch, and Lauren could've passed for a confused gypsy-hippie-stoner. Arden at least looked more respectful. They must've been doing illegal, mischievous things. Little did anyone know, they were just taking artsy pictures and trying to make Andrea and Jenn kiss.
"C'mon, Andrea. Make the kid's day," Arden said, nudging her with her shoulder. Jenn was happily taking selfies with Lauren on the other side of the balcony.
Andrea shrugged, looking back at Jenn. "I don't know if she wants to. Or if I want to."
Arden rolled her eyes. "I know you want to, and I'm sure Jenn would want to, so just go for it."
She raised her shoulders again. "She thinks I rush things," Andrea whispered softly so Jenn couldn't hear it.
"Because you do!" Arden exclaimed. Jenn and Lauren looked over at then for a brief second before turning back to taking selfies. "She's just a scared girl, and she wants her big, brave Andrea to protect her from all the evil things in this, and I quote, 'godawful, filthy world.' Kiss her. Go show her she's yours -- I don't care, do something besides stupid short hugs and cheek kisses!"
Andrea nodded slowly, then bit her lip. "I will, Arden. If we go at her pace, we're never going to kiss until we get married -- which wouldn't happen because we'd be 'rushing it.'"
Arden smirked at her, punching her shoulder. "You haven't changed since high school."
"You know it. Kissing girls and living fast!"
****
Jenn played shy. The two of them were watching the skyline, staring at the stars above them. Jenn had a cigarette in her mouth, and she smelled of smoke like she always had, but Andrea didn't mind. All she cared about at that moment was Jenn, and the smell of smoke was only sweet because it mainly was Jenn's scent.
But her true scent was more than that, just like Jenn was more than a smoker. It was freshly washed laundry, toasted waffles in the afternoon, green apple shampoo -- these were things that Andrea associated with Jenn from what she heard. This was her scent, she could smell far past the smoke.
Jenn smiled at Andrea. Her eyes were crinkled, but Andrea couldn't see them,she was still wearing the same sunglasses as always. Jenn took the cigarette out of her mouth with her index and middle finger, blowing out smoke into the air.
"I think that's very attractive," Andrea said, raising her eyebrows. She placed her hand on Jenn's, which was noticeably smaller than Andrea's. For such a seemingly cold person, Jenn had possibly the warmest blood. It pumped out of the warmest heart.
Jenn chuckled at Andrea, looking down at their hands. The two of them locked hands, eyes glued to the scene ofthe night sky in front of them. Andrea pulled Jenn closer, wrapping an arm around Jenn's waist. "Andrea," Jenn stated, "I really love you. I love you." She placed the cigarette back in her mouth. Andrea felt the nervousness off of Jenn, with her stuttering words and overall vibe.
Andrea beamed, making Jenn face her. "I love you, too. Stop smoking for one second."
"Why?" Jenn asked, pulling the cigarette out of her mouth.
"Because," Andrea said, leaning in. She placed her lips on Jenn's soft, heavenly lips. They tasted like nicotine, and were just as addictive. Jenn put her hands around Andrea's waist, the two were holding onto each other, locked in a kiss.
****