
"Er... eighteen. I'm legal," Jenn joked, pulling her head out of her arms and revealing a giant grin on her face.
Andrea giggled at Jenn. "That's good news then." This caused Jenn to blush majorly. "I'm kidding, Jennifer. If you want me to be."
"No, no, no, don't be kidding," Jenn slipped. She buried her head in her arms. "I mean, haha, yeah. Okay, 'Andwea-Wussett.'"
"'Jenn McAllister? More like Jenn Mc-aw-ister."
"That was so lame," Jenn said, bursting out laughing.
"You're so lame," Andrea flirted, casually placing her hand on Jenn's knee. She had read Jenn's files, knowing very well that she wasn't a maniac and she didn't need to be afraid of Jenn. Flirting with Jenn was too easy for Andrea, and she knew she shouldn't be flirting with people who were admitted, but the girl brought something out in her that no one else could -- Dominance. She had Jenn right in her hands, and she could see that Jenn honestly submissive. Andrea was in power, and it felt so good.
There was more to it than that, of course. Andrea liked the dark circles around her eyes that were there from whatever reason, and her smooth, pale skin that glowed under the hospital lights. Andrea liked the way she rolled up the sleeves of her plain, white t-shirt (it was better than the bland hospital robe she came in, after all), and how she fit so well in those sweatpants. She wondered what Jenn looked like in a dress. Andrea liked that Jenn was herself, and she might've been slightly mental, but she was still herself.
"Adorable," Andrea whispered, eyeing Jenn's eyes lit up instantly.
"What is?" Jenn asked with a hint of innocence in her voice.
"Oh, nothing, Jennifer," Andrea flirted, "just you." Jenn blushed, just like the thousands of times before.
****
Jenn laid in bed, staring up at the ceiling. 8:02 flashed across the digital clock hung on the middle wall of her room. She found the bedtimes ridiculous; They made her feel like a child. Normally, she'd go to bed at one (like a real adult).
After multiple tosses and turns, Jenn concluded that she wasted the past twenty minutes trying to fall asleep, when she could've just asked for some obscure drug to help her sleep. She spent another five minutes arguing with herself, which meant another few rounds of tossing and turning. Time passed, and Jenn grew intensely restless. Enough was enough -- Jenn jumped out of her bed, heading for the door.
As if on cue, a hollow figure lunged onto her. "I know what you want to do to Andrea, but you're not going to, 'Jenn,' you whore," a female voice whispered into Jenn's ear.
Jenn's pupils dilated and her heartbeat increased rapidly as the "stranger" attempted biting her ear off. "Calm the fuck down, Mike Tyson," she said, "now can you get the fuck off me?"
The girl dug her nails into Jenn's hands, drawing some blood. "I'm going to kill you, I'll crack your skull open, I'll --"
"Fuck no, you won't," Jenn yelled, biting the girl's forearm. The girl shrieked in pain, clawing at Jenn as she fell off. Jenn recognized the voice. It was none other than her psychotic roommate, Marcia.
Jenn stopped to catch her breath as Marcia leapt up to her, shoving her against a wall. "I will, I swear, I'll kill you," she yelled, tightening her grip on Jenn's neck. "You'll run out of your precious air, and then you'll die. R.I.P., no one misses you." Jenn felt herself losing consciousness, or dying. Either way, it didn't feel good.
Nurses rushed in, immediately ripping Marcia off her significantly weaker roommate. Jenn fell to the ground, gasping for air. A friendly face popped up behind the nurses -- Andrea Russett. Jenn struggled to get up, but did so, and practically leaped into Andrea's arms.