
Jenn McAllister did not follow all the fashion trends.
Jenn McAllister did not do anything she didn't want to do.
Jenn McAllister did not give a single fuck as to what people thought of her.
Jenn McAllister was not everyone else, or anyone else; She was Jenn McAllister.
Perhaps it wasn't "natural" to be like Jenn, but she was just being herself. Just like everyone encouraged her to be, but that was before. Things are different when people find themselves, and that was the case for Jenn.Jenn McAllister was, as many would say, a heartbreaker, but that was not the truth. She simply didn't want to be tied down to someone she did not love, nor someone she didn't see forever in. While she wasn't a superficially complicated person, she wanted the galaxies in her partner to emit luminosity upon their meeting. This was highly unlikely to happen, of course. It never bothered Jenn though, she was fine living alone in her shoebox apartment.
****
Eighteen year old Jenn McAllister sat in the same place most days - her apartment. Always having the same outfit, basically. Ray Ban Clubmasters, large, cozy, ragged flannels, black jeans, and either Doc Martens or clean, black high top Converse sneakers.
While she was inside on this specific day, Jenn occasionally spent her time outside by her door, smoking her days away. The truth was, she had nothing to do with her life. She had all the potential in the world, maybe, but she didn't use it anywhere, and she hadn't planned on it either.
It was a Wednesday morning when Jenn was startled by the seemingly scheduled call from one of her only friends in Los Angeles, Lauren. Lauren always called at around 9:30 a.m., asking Jenn if she wanted to go out for lunch at around 12:15 p.m. at the same place they always had lunch. Jenn didn't have, nor need, a job, and she surely had nothing better to do, so she accepted.
At around 11:00 a.m., Jenn decided to get readier than she already was, as she always had. Lauren and Arden most likely didn't care how Jenn looked, but Jenn cared. While she had no one to compliment her besides these two, and even they didn't, she wanted to still look decent. It was her one wish.
"Shit," Jenn mumbled to herself, "I can't wear this flannel out to lunch. I'm trash, but I'm not that type of trash. C'mon, Jenn, get it together." She unbuttoned the forest color resembling flannel she had on and swapped it with a decenter crimson, maroon, and white flannel that fit her much better.
Looking in the mirror again, she yelled more than one profanity, saying that she still feels as if the outfit was incomplete. She opened her closet, pulling out a white t-shirt with a black and white image on it that she didn't bother looking at. She put everything back on, including her Clubmasters, and checked her phone again. 11:45 a.m., which meant that she should 1. find her keys, and 2. have left by now.
More profanities.
****
"I bet you Jenn's going to be late today," Arden said as Lauren parked the car. Both of them were nicely dressed, Arden arrived at the diner in a plain white dress, red lipstick, and Lauren in a grey crop top and sleek, black jeans.
The two strolled into the diner, sitting down at an open table. Lauren scoffed at Arden's statement. "Can we even call it 'late' anymore? When we say 12:15, she shows up at 12:30."
Arden chuckled. "Good point." It was only 12:10, but they knew Jenn as well as they could, and she was going to be late. Jenn always told them that they should be grateful she even showed up, but managed to prove that they should just regret inviting her completely. They always invited her, though. Neither of them could feel the type of anger towards Jenn that made them stay away forever.