
Meanwhile, Jenn was, as expected, searching for her keys. How could she possibly lose them in a neat and small apartment? She had checked everywhere - Nightstand, kitchen counter, couch, closet, doorway... She just couldn't find them. "Fuck this," she declared, giving up on the quest, "I need a smoke." She was getting ready to text Lauren that she couldn't find her keys, so she couldn't come, but cigarettes were a larger priority.
Jenn pulled out the pack of cigarettes, which caused her keyring to fall to the carpet - "Are you seriously kidding me? I hate myself, oh my God." She stomped out of her house, sticking a cigarette in her mouth and lighting it.
No one knew how Jenn got hooked to cigarettes -- They were killers, and while Jenn was never one to be a fan of living, it didn't make sense for even her to smoke as much as she did. Lauren's tried getting her to stop, but that resulted in Jenn clawing her. It never bothered Jenn that she was shortening her life, or maybe she was just ignorant to this.
At around 12:25, she headed down the stairs to her frost white 2010 Nissan Altima, which once belonged to her mom. It took her back to 2010, of course. She was only fourteen back then, and that was when she used to make YouTube videos.
As Jenn slammed her car door and fitted the key in its slot, memories of her YouTube videos invaded her mind. She was actually happy back then, and she just made those videos for fun - like "Vlogging and Driving," which she filmed in the car she drives now. She stopped YouTube sometime in freshman year, she'd given up on it. It didn't matter, it was just a stupid site.
Sometimes people would recognize her, but that was once in a blue moon. It was four, five years since her small YouTube popularity, she was only mentioned anywhere when they mentioned YouTubers that fell off the face of the Earth. She was really doing well for herself, and her passion for the site burnt out too quickly.
Jenn pulled up by the diner at around 12:35. Lauren and Arden weren't even mad, they knew this was coming. She stepped out of her car and into the diner.
"It's about time," Arden joked as Jenn sat down across from them. Jenn blankly looked at her, which was fairly intimidating to Arden. She was often frightened by Jenn, despite knowing that Jenn wouldn't hurt anything.
On these certain days when Jenn would go out to lunch with Lauren and Arden, the two would frequently question why they were friends with her in the first place. Jenn was an asshole chain smoker, and a lot of the time, they wished she would simply get cancer and die. Of course, wishing death upon someone, even someone like Jenn, was not acceptable. Besides, Lauren felt bad for her, she didn't exactly have any friends besides them.
****
Most of their lunch, Jenn remained quiet. She wasn't much of a talker, nothing good came out of her mouth anyway. They had finished at around 1:30 p.m., but they would've been finished much earlier if it weren't for Jenn's tardiness.
"Have you ever seen Jenn smile?" Arden whispered to Lauren, with Jenn right in front of them.
Lauren shook her head. "No, I think she lost the ability to smile after having her head stuck in her ass for so long."
"I can hear you, you fucks." Jenn narrowed her eyes which were a rich, deep blue, or bluish green. Either way, no one ever saw them. She always hid them behind the same pair of Ray Bans.
Arden glared at her. "We know."
At that moment, Jenn got up, flipped them off, and walked off. She would eventually be back in a few days, pay them for the meal. Jenn was an asshole, but they knew she didn't completely hate them, and if she did, she wouldn't keep coming back to have lunch every week. But she came back for some strange reason. Even someone like Jenn McAllister needed people.