
The two embraced each other, still in the rain. Both were smiling idiots at this point; Jenn was contagious. "I love you, I love you, I love you, okay? Don't you ever fucking dare to think I don't, because I do," Jenn told her, inching closer to her. Andrea nodded, pressing her lips to Jenn's warm forehead.
The two held each other in near silence, only disrupted by the muffled electronic music from inside. The rain only further contributed to the indistinct sound, and in fact, the only thing that was clear to either of them was that they were there together. Nothing else mattered.
****
"Yo, Lauren," Kalin said while walking into Lauren's room, Myles following close behind. Arden laid half asleep on her bed. "Myles found somethin', we have to go find them." He tossed a wrinkled piece of paper at them.
"'The rain will only help me eradicate the lesser,' what does this even mean?" Lauren asked. Her eyes widened intensely staring at the paper. The boys shrugged, so Lauren rapidly slapped Arden's arm.
"Ow, jeez, I don't know! I was just about to sleep," Arden complained, scratching her head and stretching her arms out. She ripped the paper out of Lauren's hands. "Uh, okay. This person is a maniac, I mean, who writes like this?"
Lauren groaned. "That doesn't matter! This weird bitch is stalking Jenn and Andrea, that's the problem. Would you literally focus and realize that they're in danger?"
"Fine, sure, let's go send out a search party for them," Arden sarcastically suggested.
A lightbulb appeared in Lauren's head. "That's a great idea, dude! Okay, you and me --"
"I was kidding," Arden interrupted. She eyed Kalin and Myles trying to leave the room.
"No, I don't care, this would be great!" Arden rolled her eyes at her roommate's enthusiasm. "Kalin, Myles, go check the back and roof while Arden and I search the front and garage."
"And what if they're dead by the time we find 'em?" Kalin asked half-jokingly. Lauren glared at him. "Or worse, naked?" He chuckled in an attempt to lighten the mood, but was quickly shooed away by Lauren, who obviously had more to worry about.
****
Jenn and Andrea were completely soaked in every sense of the word. Andrea had Jenn pressed up against a wall, attacking her neck, then her lips, all with her hands up her shirt. As a result, Jenn shivered, which only added to the ironic heat of the moment.
You're from Pennsylvania, you dipwad, you should be used to this weather, Jenn thought right before Andrea placed her hand in Jenn's jean's back pocket. "Fuck," Jenn said between a kiss, but Andrea pulled her back quickly.
Andrea always had a way with her hands. She seemed to always know what to do and when to do it, whereas Jenn was a confused, fidgety klutz. Andrea decided to use those hands for something better than just idle in the pocket, slowly moving her way up, then running her hand through Jenn's hair.
"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me -- " Jenn let out immediately, nearly wanting to pull away before she exploded. As always, however, Andrea was irresistible.
"Two weeks, right?" Andrea asked for clarification. Her breath was heavy against Jenn's neck, mainly because she was breathing so much anyway. Jenn nodded, unable to answer.
"Not two weeks," a third figure said. Andrea immediately pulled away from Jenn, standing next to her afterwards. "You two... I'll get you. Tonight."
Jenn stood in front of Andrea, grasping her hand tightly. "You're a sadistic fuck, leave us alone, Marcia," Jenn demanded, but the taller blonde remained as stiff as a tree. She showed no signs of shock nor fear, but neither did Jenn.