
****
A phone call rang for Jenn. Her conversation with Andrea came to a pause because of it, and Jenn wanted to punch whoever was calling.
"Hello?" Jenn asked, slightly pissed off. She impatiently tapped her foot against the dingy white tiles.
"Yo, hey, Jenn, it's Lauren. Remember Arden and me?" Lauren said while lying on the living room floor.
"It's been, like, three days, of course I do."
"Good, because we would've thrown you out of the house if you didn't." Jenn remained silent on the other side of the phone. She found it too uncharacteristically rude to hang up, and was also maladroit, refusing to add to the conversation. "What's it like in there?"
"Well, my brain's still a wreck and I'm fine," Jenn proudly stated, glancing at Andrea. Andrea stood on the other side of the counter from her.
"Um, I wanted more of, like, 'the food here sucks,' or, 'I better get cake when I come back.'"
"Fine, well, the food does suck and I will personally behead the both of you if I don't receive cake when I come back."
Lauren nodded. "Yup, that was it. Is group therapy good?" Andrea raised her thumbs, then left the room.
"Yeah," Jenn said, "sure. How long does it take to fall in love with someone?"
Lauren raised an eyebrow. She rolled onto her stomach. "Ooh, did you meet someone?"
Yes. "No! This place is insane, how could I?" Jenn lied. Andrea came back in the room, handing Jenn a bottle of water.
"Liar." Jenn rolled her eyes at this.
"Whatever. Well, I'm going now, I'll see you in two days."
"Mmhmm." Lauren hung up, Jenn slammed the phone back onto the wall. She headed back into the compact comfort room with Andrea, wasting the night away.
****
Andrea headed out the hospital doors, purse in hand, Jenn in mind. Jenn called her name, Andrea turned around. "It's Jenndrea, by the way," Jenn shouted across the hall.
Andrea shook her head and walked out the door, saying, "It's Anjenn."
Jenn dashed off to bed. She was alone, yes, but she felt more surrounded with just one person in her life.
****
It was odd, Jenn feeling excited for once. People get excited over their birthdays, or Christmas, or whatever else. Jenn never did. Andrea was a fantasy and Jenn was sure she succeeded in her suicide attempt, because things like this definitely didn't happen to people like her.
****
Wait, I feel really bad that I didn't update for basically the past week/two weeks. But hey, I'm back now!
As always, don't forget to fave + comment + share :) I'll try updating more this week cause of Winter break.
Thank you all for reading, and I'll see you all later!