
"If you want to text her so bad, just do it," Arden said. Lauren and her had been at it for a good two hours now, quarreling over texting Jenn.
"Fine, God. I left it charging in my room, don't do anything stupid while I'm gone," Lauren replied, getting up from the couch and heading up to her room.
The place was terribly lonely most of the time. There were four bedrooms, two for Lauren and Arden, two for whoever stayed over. Neither of them understood how they even afforded it, but they managed to. For the longest time, Lauren had wanted someone else living in their fairly luxurious, modern estate, but everyone was living their own life.
She hadn't even bothered asking Jenn. Jenn would decline without a single thought, at least that's what the roommates assumed from their understanding of her.
It seemed to be a miracle when an unlikely guest popped up at their door, obnoxiously knocking until Arden answered. Arden raised her eyebrows, staring at the blonde in front of her.
"Oh my God, Jenn, it's literally pitch black, stop wearing sunglasses," she sarcastically said. Jenn welcomed herself in as Arden closed the door. "Didn't expect you to really show up after last week."
Jenn scrunched her pointed nose to Arden's remark. "I can be nice." Arden choked down her laughter waiting to come out. "It's just that you never give me the chance to show it." Jenn's voice died down and the room felt hollow and emotionless, if that were even possible. It seems that once a confession or belief has been said, let off of someone's chest, and its sound waves have vanished into thin air, the area feels practically empty.
Arden looked at Jenn. She seemed even more emotionally drained than before, but it was different. She wasn't giving any rude comments about anything, she was as empty as the room. It was almost uncomfortable to not have Jenn insulting her.
The flannel clad girl plopped down on the pure white couch. She buried her face in her hands, groaning. "I just don't get it. After all these years, I just don't."
Sliding beside Jenn, the brunette felt as if something were off. Arden called for Lauren before speaking to Jenn. She figured that Lauren must have some idea about what Jenn was talking about, they were closer than she was with Jenn. "Jenn, dude, what's wrong?" It was an unlikely event, Arden was consoling Jenn.
"I just... need somewhere to stay, yeah, that's it," Jenn mumbled.
Lauren gracefully walked to them. This is a first, she thought. "You need somewhere to stay?"
"Yes, Lauren, I do. But for, like, a while. Or forever, if that'd be okay."
"Lucky for you, we have an extra bedroom. It's completely useless. You can stay." Arden exited the room, Lauren and Jenn eyed their friend. "What even happened?"
Jenn sighed. "I was smoking insi --"
"Oh my fucking God. Jenn, I swear, it isn't that hard to walk from your bed to outside."
"It's fine," Jenn said, "I don't have to worry about it anymore. You know, because I got evicted and all." She sounded a bit too casual and calm, but her face looked completely troubled.
"Jenn, kid, you gotta fix yourself up. All of it," Lauren said, "I mean it."
The blonde sighed once again, sinking further into the couch. "I just don't think I can anymore. It's been so long and --"
"Jenn McAllister, I know you have problems. I get it, I get you think that you can't recover because it's been three or four years since you've been diagnosed which means it's been that long since you've felt anything. I get it. But I need you to try, okay? Just try -- For me, for your feelings. For whoever comes along." By the time Lauren finished it, Jenn was spaced out, tears staining her face and ruining the little makeup she put on. Lauren placed her arms onto Jenn, attempting to hug her, but she didn't need to. Jenn buried herself into Lauren's arms, with her hands hidden in her sleeves, and her heart falling apart with every tear.