
"Jenn fucking McAllister, bitch, that's who."
"Jenn Russett," Andrea corrected, tapping Jenn on the nose.
Jenn's core ached from the laughter that desired to be released. "God, fuck no, Andrea. Sorry, but you're taking my last name if we ever got married."
"Andrea McAllister," she said, "I like it." In reality, she most likely did not like it and found Jenn's name to be hillbillyish simply because it had "Mc" in it.
The blonde was silent, only smirking and shaking her head. "We're rushing it. It's been a day and we're talking about last names for Christ's sake!"
She expected Andrea to say something about the length of life or how it should be lived to the fullest. Instead, Andrea only said, "I know." Jenn shrugged at this, tossing her hear back onto the couch. "Why are you here?"
Jenn raised her eyebrows and backed away. Andrea pulled her back. "Jesus, why am I in here? Why aren't you? You're like, bipolar or some shit, God..."
Andrea chuckled. "No! Why are you in here?"
Jenn relaxed, lying back on the couch. "You already know."
"God, Jenn. I want to know why. You think I care about your suicide attempt and depression and whatever? Wait, yes, I do. Anyway, no, I want to know why you tried to kill yourself, and why you're depressed. You're the type of person to just... put yourself in a box and not expect anyone to care because you don't. So tell me, please."
Jenn's eye twitched. She evaded eye contact with Andrea and instead stared down at their hands. Andrea was nearly cutting off circulation. She sighed heavily, inhaling an unmeasurable amount of air before explaining. "I think I've told you that my parents didn't support me. I mean, I don't know if my dad knows, because they're divorced and I really don't give a fuck about him right now. My mom didn't support me, that was kind of important. She just kind of disowned me after that, I think. And I guess I've always been really unhappy for some reason. Life is supposed to have some substance. I'm missing that. I'm missing a lot of things."
Andrea nodded, scooting closer to Jenn. "Did you come out to anyone else?"
"Yeah, my best friends. Jordyn and Gabriela from Pennsylvania," she said, "they supported me. They were fine with it. I told them during a half-drunk, half-fatigued breakdown. I just told them, 'I think I'm lesbian,' and all they said was, 'Jenn, we know.' So, that says something." The corners of her mouth raised.
"Where are Jordyn and Gabriela now?"
"Oh, you know. Big universities -- Princeton, Penn State, whatever. I'm just in Los Angeles not doing anything. I remember saving up every coin I got and working to get more, all to end up in Los fucking Angeles not doing anything. I guess that's why I did it, though. I saved up every coin, and eventually I moved out here. I got a job for, like, two months, and then I gave up on it. I just helped Kalin with his career and that didn't count for my job," she said, "so why did you care?"
"I like you, so I care."
Jenn blushed, still staring down. "F -- Fine. Tell me your story."
"I'm local. I went to an upstate high school, there's not much else to it. I'm going to UCLA right now."
The two went on and on about their lives as the day passed them. Neither of them remembered to eat or even go to group therapy (someone filled in for Andrea, of course). All they did was be next to each other, feel the fabric of each other's clothing and the texture of each other's skin. They had two days of constantly being near each other, and that wasn't going to be wasted.