
"Two days until the party," Lauren stated anxiously. The image of Denis was imprinted into her mind.
Jenn and Andrea, as usual, were cuddled up on the couch. "It better be fun," Jenn muttered.
Arden butted into their conversation. "Oh, I guarantee it'll be great." Andrea nodded in agreement.
"What she said," Lauren agreed. "Dude, we're all together!"
"But that's normal?" Andrea asked.
"Nah! You're always with Jenn and I'm always with Arden." She shifted around in her seat.
"Speaking of you and Jenn being obsessively together all the time, you guys should go out somewhere," Arden suggested. Jenn and Andrea looked at each other, scrunching heir noses. "Oh, and I don't mean out to Andrea's apartment or out to get Jenn cigarettes. Go to dinner."
Jenn scoffed. "Oh, please -- "
"I'd be happy to. Wouldn't you want to, my beautiful Jennifer?" Andrea offered, holding Jenn's hand up.
"Fine, I guess. I'm doing it for you, though. I don't like dates. And I'm not going to be all fancy." She heard Lauren and Arden giggle like schoolchildren in the background.
"But... you'll do it for me?" Andrea managed to always use that on her. She knew Jenn was hopelessly devoted to her.
"I do everything for you. I live for you, Andrea." Andrea smiled at her girlfriend's lovely comment. "But I re-fucking-fuse to dress up for whatever occasion."
Lauren and Arden simultaneously gasped. "Jennifer Ann McAllister, don't you dare use that language in this house!" Lauren scolded half-jokingly. "At least not to your girlfriend, dude."
"I'm sowwy, Andwea," Jenn said with puppy-dog eyes, "pwease forgive me." She brought more of her bottom lip out.
Andrea exhaled deeply, putting her arm around Jenn's shoulder. "Jennifer has done wrong... very wrong." Jenn nodded, staring down at the beaten up white couch. "The only way Queen Andrea will forgive her servant is for Jennifer to wear a cute, black dress out to dinner tonight." Lauren fist-pumped in the background.
Jenn only sighed and shook her head.
****
Dinner was quiet between the two. They'd went to some low-key restaurant, which surprised both of them since Los Angeles wasn't exactly a place for "low-key" anything.
"Do you ever want to go back to Pennsylvania?" Andrea asked, swallowing a spoonful of her clam chowder.
Jenn shrugged and looked at Andrea. She nearly got distracted by every aspect of her beauty -- it was more than her face that made her beautiful. Every part of her face completely accentuated the rest of her body, though. Her pink, plump lips fit her caramel skin, her golden-brown eyes, all of it.
She couldn't believe all of that was hers.
She felt a kick under the table. "Earth to Jenn, are you there?" Andrea asked, laughing.
"Oh, sorry. I was just thinking about stuff. And I would go back to Pennsylvania. I want to see if my mom would even know who I was, and I want to see all of my old friends."
Andrea was awfully inquisitive. "What were you thinking about?" She pestered Jenn with petty questions.
"Just, you know, the fact you and I are together. We were just strangers three years ago, and then strangers again, like, a week ago," Jenn answered, turning a pink color, "I can't believe someone as good as you is interested in trash like me."