
"Well, uh, my apartment smells like weed," he stated, trying to persuade the manager to let Jenn stay.
"I wonder why."
Kalin gasped in shock. "Who do you think I am? Man, you're making me want to be evicted. Whatever," he said, crossing his arms.
Jenn got up from her bed, she really didn't care about her apartment or whether or not she would be evicted. It wasn't a home, and she was actually quite glad that she was getting evicted. She wanted to leave from the second she moved in, but she had nowhere else to go.
"I have until the end of the month, which is in like, a week, but I'm moving out right now," Jenn stated. She had the ability to, with barely any furniture and all. She would leave behind her mattress, the one that no one besides her had ever slept in. She was a lonely person, anyone could tell, so she definitely didn't get anyone back to her apartment.
Ah, yes. There was always the topic of Jenn and her lonely apartment. Lauren bet Arden that Jenn wasn't a virgin, but Arden always thought she was. The sour attitude would turn even the craziest people off. Arden would never find out that she had won that bet. The thing was, Jenn knew life wasn't about who you slept with or if you slept with anyone at all. Life wasn't about falling in love. People made life more complicated than it was. Life was just life, and that's how Jenn treated it. Either way, Jenn was still a virgin, a "proud" one at that.
By the time her apartment manager left, Jenn was more than halfway done with packing up. She was zipping around her apartment and out to her car as Kalin followed her, trying to convince her of something impossible. "Look, we got one more bedroom," Kalin said, sounding genuinely concerned and even far more desperate, "you can move in with Maya and me."
Jenn paused, turning towards him. "I really can't, you know that. Besides, Myles stays in that bedroom whenever you two want to make music, or whatever. You're an up-and-coming music duo, I can't let my faulty self get in the way of your success."
"Jenn --"
"No," she firmly stated.
He couldn't decide whether to be exasperated with Jenn or be concerned for her. He hated her stubbornness, but the way she called herself "faulty" concerned him. "God, Jenn, why'd you even do all this stuff to piss him off?"
"This time was on accident. The rest of the times weren't, this is just what I've wanted. It gives me a reason to leave," Jenn said, completely expressionless.
Kalin put his face in his hands, sighing. "Of course it gives you a reason to leave, you're getting kicked out."
"God damn it, Kalin. You don't get it, and you never will, so I'm going to leave." Jenn picked up everything else she needed, which was only a bag of whatever clothes she had left. She threw her key at him, expecting him to return them to their apartment manager, who everyone thought was a dick. "Text me if you need me."
"Where are you gonna go, Jenn?" he questioned.
"Somewhere," Jenn said, "don't worry about me. Take whatever you want."
Those were the last words Jenn said to Kalin that night. He wasn't sure where she was going, or what she planned to do with her life. She was unbelievably right when she said he didn't understand. She didn't give him the opportunity to. He headed back to his apartment, leaving her key under the mat, just in case she would come back.