
"Jesus fuck Andrea, what the hell was that for?"
"Wake up, wake up, you sleepy-head, it's time for Sunday school!" Andrea shouted, climbing onto the bed and pulling the covers off of Jenn.
"You're fucking insane," Jenn replied, absolutely horrified with Andrea's rushed behavior.
"No, I already fucked insane," Andrea said, "now please, just dress up. For me, please." She held out Jenn's clothes.
Jenn groaned, snatching them from her. "You're so rude, but fine. I wouldn't do this for someone I didn't love."
"Jenn, just change." Jenn rolled her eyes, forcing herself up and into her clothes.
****
"Thank you... Jenn, was it? Thank you for telling us about your collection of flannels. It was quite... interesting," Jacqui said. Andrea couldn't help but laugh at the idea that Jenn actually was sitting down, talking to her parents about flannels.
"Anytime, anytime," Jenn said, sneaking peeks at Andrea, who was seated beside her. Jenn rolled up her flannel sleeves, revealing not only her rather prominent self-inflicted scars, but the large gash from Marcia.
"Oh, honey, what's that giant cut on your arm? You didn't get stitches?" Jacqui asked in a worried, motherly tone. It completely reminded Jenn of Lauren.
Before Jenn could answer, Andrea did. "Jenn had a major accident moving into the house she lives in now. Bed frames are evil," Andrea lied. Jenn couldn't believe it. Andrea's parents gazed at the cut on her arm still.
"Oh, yeah, Andrea? Can you come with me to your bedroom? I think I left something in there," Jenn said, immediately standing up and pulling Andrea to her bedroom.
"Jenn, I know you're confused -- "
"Uh, yeah, I'm confused as fuck. Care to explain?" Jenn asked, crossing her arms.
Andrea looked into Jenn's eyes, and she didn't seem to be particularly concerned. She took a deep breath. "Okay. I just don't want to tell my parents about how we almost died, and that's why they don't know," she explained. Jenn was still pouting.
"Do they know how we met?"
"Of course, Jennifer. I wouldn't hide that. I'm not ashamed of being with you because of that -- I'm not ashamed at all. They're interested in you," Andrea told her, sitting her down, then taking a seat next to her.
"Thank you. I just don't get why you can't tell them what happened, it's not a big deal."
Andrea sighed, hesitant to answer. Finally, she said, "If I told them, they'd be too worried and make me come home again. They want to keep me safe, Jenn."
"Would they make you stay away from me?" Jenn asked, lightening up a bit.
Andrea kissed her cheek. "No, babe, of course they wouldn't. I'm their child, but I'm still an adult. They can't tell me who to date." Jenn desperately kissed Andrea, as if she were about to lose her. As much as Andrea enjoyed it, she pushed Jenn off. "I don't want to lose my apartment, either. It's the one place I've had to myself besides this room. Everything in my house changes however my parents want it, but this is my place, and it's been the same since high school."
"I love you," Jenn blurted out.
"I love you, Jenn." Jenn worked her hand into Andrea's, wrapping her fingers around hers. "Why don't we move into an apartment together? My lease is almost up, anyway."
"I don't want you to be the only one paying the rent. I still have money left over, but no income," Jenn said, slightly embarrassed.