
"I-I could've died," Jenn said, "I hate her."
Andrea heard Jenn's faint sniffles. She was careful not to hug her too tight, fully aware she was just on the "brink of death," although she truly wasn't. "I know, Jennifer, I know. You're not dead, though, that's good news."
Jenn clung onto her for two reasons: 1. She desperately needed a hug and 2. she was cold. It wasn't a bad hug, either, and Jenn would gladly have more of them. Andrea had her arms at the perfect level -- Not quite on her hips, but directly above it. Right where Jenn would naturally hug anyone at.
"You should be home," Jenn said, slowly pulling out of the hug.
"I should be," Andrea said, "but I'm not. That's all that matters, Jennifer. You should go to bed, I'll see you tomorrow." She turned away, only to be stopped by Jenn's still bloody hands grabbing her.
"Don't leave," Jenn whimpered, "I can't sleep."
The brunette sighed, hugging Jenn once more. "You're a real nuisance, you know that? You're lucky that I like you."
Jenn raised her eyebrows, instantly beaming. "So you like me?"
Andrea immediately pulled away. "See, real nuisance."
"But you do, right?"
"Yes, Jenn," Andrea admitted, "I do."
Jenn heard the crowd cheering in her mind -- The stadium lights didn't feel so painful anymore, the glare was bearable, and the lights were rather a blessing to see through the dark. The crowd was roaring, jumping out of their seats, and dropping their figurative nachos. This was far too important to miss. The momentous occasion finally happened, and after an eighteen year streak of losing, Team Jenn was victorious.
****
A/N: Hope this was good! I actually liked this, so I hope y'all do too. Just wait: It gets even better. Also, follow me on Twitter and whatnot! I follow back :) (unless you're Britney, who will inevitably read this and if you do, please do not go on Twitter, I embarrass myself too much and I cannot let you see me like that).
Twitter + Instagram + like everything else: shhmellows (Also, if it isn't too much to ask, while you're at it, you should with @/Beebsbear happy belated birthday on twitter!)
okay! thanks for reading guys :) don't forget to fave, comment, and share this story with your friends! #promo oops. Love you alllll!