
Lauren and Arden stood at the doorway, watching Jenn and Andrea. "They're goals," Lauren gleefully told Arden.
Arden nodded quickly, faking wiping a tear away. "They're my OTP. I did good."
"You didn't do anything, girl. If they weren't somewhat attracted to each other from the beginning, Jenn would've been an asshole to her just like she is to us, but she wasn't. That breakfast didn't change anything, it just showed Jenn wasn't a horny cunt the entire time she was in the hospital. Andrea's changing Jenn for the better, you know."
"Maybe her room will stop smelling like smoke in a few months."
"Don't get ahead of yourself. That's Jenn for you, a depressed, asshole smoker. Maybe Andrea can help her through depression and whatever, and maybe Jenn can get nicer, but then all Jenn is a smoker. No one wants to take the core of someone away, do they?" Arden shook her head. "Exactly. So we're going to have to live with the smoke smell in her room. I bet you ten bucks that Andrea's going to move in and try getting rid of that scent."
****
As Andrea pulled away from Jenn, Jenn pulled her back in for a hug. "God, Andrea, I love you so much. You have no idea how much I love you." Jenn realizedthat this was what she had been waiting for all her life, and how that was her firstkiss but she knew just what to do, and how for the first time in her life, she had really loved someone. She didn't only love Andrea, but she was in love with her, even if it had only been a few days. And for once in her life, she was happy.
Andrea couldn't stop smiling, she felt like a fool. "I love you, Jenn, I do. It's weird, you're practically a stranger, but I'm so... in love with you. I am, I'm not going to deny it. We've only know each other for, what, a week?"
"Barely. But I know, I know. It's okay, though." Jenn kissed Andrea one more time. "I remember when I still lived in Pennsylvania, I used to go on those stupid LGBT forums. I used to tell everyone my problems and they were actually great listeners. I'm sorry, I don't know how that related."
Andrea shook her head. "It's fine. I did that, too."
"No way, you don't seem the type to spill your problems all over the Internet."
"Exactly, because I didn't. I helped people, you know? I just searched up LGBT forum, clicked the second one, signed up, and helped people."
Jenn's mouth dropped. "No way, no fucking way. I clicked the second one, too! Except... I doubt we ever talked."
"Mm, well... maybe. My username was GettoXHomo. Gettoxfabxforever didn't fit."
"Oh God... Mine was AtomicXPenn. It would've been JennXPenn, but that would've given my name out. Besides, it's a stupid username, wouldn't get me far in life."
Andrea gasped, grasping Jenn's hand. "It was you! You're the girl I sexted a bunch of times!" Jenn nodded. "And you're... the girl I wanted to find, but then you just disappeared one day. We kept anonymous, why?"
"I guess we didn't really need to know who we were to talk to each other."
"Makes me love you more," Andrea sang, kissing her once more.
Jenn shuffled her feet. "I saved our conversations, you know."
Andrea smiled even though Jenn couldn't see. "I'd love to see them again, Jennifer. It'd bring back high school and how I was stuck dating mindless girls when all I wanted to do was go online and talk to this messed up kid, AtomicXPenn." She tapped Jenn's nose. "Too bad you lived so far away."
"Kept me up late," Jenn stated, "but it was worth it. I mean, it was for you, after all."