
The blonde giggled. Her hair was rather disturbing in Jenn's eyes, uncombed and seemingly unwashed. Her stringy hair fell down to her face, enough to make Jenn wonder if she could even see. "I've been here for three months, which means I'm dominant, and you're submissive." The girl laughed at herself. Jenn backed away quickly, leaving the room once more.
****
Kalin recalled the friends Jenn mentioned to him: Lauren and Arden. There were her Pennsylvania friends, but she kept saying not to ever mention them again because she didn't want to remember Pennsylvania. Kalin knew Lauren and Arden, having run into them at the grocery store and hung out with them numerous times.
He turned on his phone, selecting Lauren's contact, and calling her. "Hello?" she asked.
"Yeah, hey, I'm gonna stop by, if that's cool," he said, lounging on his couch. The apartment was empty without Maya, and was only filled with nothing more than his furniture. Yet, Kalin wasn't heartbroken, he just didn't care, and he knew it was for a good reason. He could finally focus on his music more, and at least try to love who he wanted to.
Lauren sighed. "Can you come by later? At, like, seven?"
"Yeah, sure, Lauren. As long as it'll work for you." He hung up, accepting Lauren's request even though he missed Jenn and figured she would know. His situation was awfully unfortunate -- Back when Jenn was his neighbor, he didn't even realize how beautiful Jenn was, or how refreshing it would be to kiss her. He wondered if she had ever kissed anyone, but just assumed she probably has. She might've blew into town alone, but something about her screamed I like to hookup at parties."
Contrary to Kalin's assumption, she didn't.
****
The therapy session commenced. Due to Jenn's arrival, the group leader took into consideration that she didn't know anyone, and decided to make everyone introduce themselves.
"My name is Lu -- I mean, Sex God. They call me that because I fuck everyone in here, and I mean everyone," the blonde boy announced. He sat straight up next to Jenn.
"He means everyone," a stranger called out.
"Wow, I bet you're in for sex addiction," Jenn accidentally said.
The boy quit fidgeting. "I'm in here for the same thing you are. Suicide attempt."
Jenn physically felt her core heat up. She clenched her teeth, knowing he only mentioned it to anger her. "You don't fucking know me," she snarled, jumping out of her seat.
The boy barked, "Yeah, but I'm not blind, I can see your cuts!"
"Okay, guys, okay, calm down," the group therapy leader interrupted. Jenn and "Sex God" slumped back down. "Jenn, is it? Tell us something about you."
"My name is Jenn McAllister and I'm deeply disappointed that I can't smoke here," she said. The group collectively chuckled at her statement because most could relate. "I'm eighteen years old and I probably have the lungs of a ninety year old. Or maybe a ninety year old has better lungs."
"Interesting, Jenn. Why do you smoke?"
She thought about it for a while, realizing she couldn't find any better answer than she just liked it. "I'm not sure. I started back in high school -- Less back then, and I've only recently started smoking more than once a week. It's more like more than once a day now."
The leader nodded her head, checking the time. "Well, Jenn, I hope you've learned a little more about yourself and all of us, and I hope you like it here! The session's over." The girl projected a genuine smile at Jenn. They weren't like the half-assed smiles Jenn gave around Lauren and Arden, but actual smiles Jenn couldn't give.