
Two days after their weekly lunch meeting with Jenn, Lauren and Arden hadn't heard a word from Jenn. Normally, they would've. This week proved their lives to not be routine, it made Los Angeles far more interesting.
"Should we text Jenn? I feel bad. We haven't talked to her in a while." Lauren slumped down next to her roommate. Since Arden took a few classes at the nearby community college, she was busy doing her homework.
Arden shifted up as Lauren stared at her phone. "Well, you can. I mean, I like her, but I don't even know her. Like, dude, she could be a drug dealer for all we know."
"She's too sweet to be a drug dealer, and besides, she's too fidgety," Lauren defended.
Her roommate scoffed. "You can't be serious. Sweet? 'Hey, fuckface, could you kindly get the fuck out of the way? Thanks,'" she quoted.
"She's sweet deep down in her heart."
"Does she even have a heart?" Arden asked with her eyebrows raised.
Lauren groaned at her roommate's insult. She knew Arden just didn't know Jenn well enough, or didn't see through Jenn's fake persona of a nobody who cared about practically no one.
For a while, Lauren was like that, locked away from herself, and for a while, she wanted to keep herself in there, and even lose herself in there forever. She was hidden in the dark from everyone else.
It was barely a few years ago, but Lauren looked back at those dark times as if they were ages ago. Almost fittingly, she refers to them as the "Dark Ages," even though she hated anything relating to history, and more broadly, school. People want days alone, that's human. In Lauren's case, she wanted to be alone forever, but cried out for help. More than anything during those times, she wanted to be dead. But she was one of the lucky ones, one of those few people who got help and benefitted from it. She wanted to be alive, didn't she?
There is always one thing holding suicidal people back unconsciously, it's the will to be alive. Every human has a natural instinct to be alive. That was Lauren's case.
It was unreal to Lauren to even think that Jenn could be just like her. Jenn didn't seem like she could be on an ad for Disneyland, though. One reason being her "inability to smile," another one being that she'd be out of place. She didn't belong in the Happiest Place on Earth. She'd stick out too much, she wasn't natural.
****
By the time Jenn woke up, her apartment manager and Kalin were hovering over her. Neither of them seemed happy, and Jenn surely wasn't happy to wake up to two older men standing over her bed, both looking a tad bit angered.
"Read. The. Rules," the apartment manager said, shoving a crumpled sheet of paper in her face. Jenn sat up, impatiently grabbing the paper.
She cleared her voice and began reading the highlighted rules, "'No smoking in bed.' Wait, why is that a rule?"
"To keep idiots like you out of my complex," he angrily replied, snatching the paper out of her hands. He folded the paper, shoving it back into his pockets. "You're evicted, you have until the end of the month."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, you can't just throw her out," Kalin protested, "she's a terrible resident, but she's a great person!" Jenn shook her head at him, she disagreed with the last part of it. Self deprecation was Jenn's best talent.
"Yeah, no, sorry, Kalin. She parked horizontally just to piss me off once, she pays more on cigarettes a week than she pays the monthly rent, and for God's sake, she smokes so much that when she dies of lung cancer, no one will want this place because it smells like smoke."