
Andrea nodded. "Well, I'll be seeing you, Jennifer." The brunette fled the room. In my dreams, she thought.
It would only be until after Jenn's departure that Andrea would realize she didn't ask for Jenn's number. She wouldn't run after her, things would go on as usual. If she went after her, she might mess with fate. If it was meant to be, something would come along the way. If it wasn't, the two would forget all about their fling, living on just as they had only a few days before. Jenn would be okay, and so would she. Still, something about this was different; Jenn didn't want to make out with her, or she did, but was too scared to. Jenn didn't try to make sexual jokes with her. Jenn talked to her, and respected every part of her.
Andrea knew she fucked up.
****
Jenn paced around the living room, still in Andrea's sweatshirt from two days ago. "I'm so stupid," she cried, "I should not be alive. I don't qualify to be an intelligent human being, I am the definition of a fucking idiot."
Lauren watched Jenn circle around the bare living room from the couch. She was unamused until Jenn slipped on the hardwood floor. "Jenn, calm down." The blonde crawled to her.
"You don't understand, Lauren! I just spent the past five days working my way up to a girl, and I didn't even ask for her fucking number, for Christ's sake. You don't just forget these things when you're a decent human being."
Lauren rolled her eyes. "Look, your psycho bitch is probably not --"
Jenn shot up. "No! She's not a psycho bitch, she's the group therapist!" Jenn yelled, dramatically falling back onto the floor.
"Jenn, that's illegal, you're twelve, she's probably forty."
"Nineteen." Lauren's eyes widened.
"Wait, it's not a psycho bitch or a forty year old soccer mom? Shit, dude! Try killing yourself again!" Lauren suggested.
Jenn was taken back. "Fuck no, my wrists itch still. I can't go back in there, that's so awkward. Besides, she's probably already flirting with the next person who tried to kill herself."
Lauren shrugged as Arden came up the stairs. Arden stared at the picture of her two roommates, one being a starfish on the floor after coming home from the loony bin, the other slacking in her work once again. She took a closer look at Jenn, noticing a familiar black sweatshirt. "Is that from my closet?" she asked.
Jenn shook her head. "I'm trash, but I don't steal."
"But that's from my high school. That was from graduation." Jenn and Lauren gasped simultaneously, looking at each other.
"You might know her! You -- God, you might! Oh my God, this is fucking amazing!" Jenn obnoxiously yelled.
Arden stepped back. "Sure? Who is it?"
"Andrea Russett," Jenn eagerly stated. The name felt right to her.
Arden sharply inhaled, then bursted out laughing. "Andrea? Of course I know her, oh God. I saw her the other day at Starbucks."
"She wants her number," Lauren said, smirking. Jenn nodded.
"Creep. How do you know her? She's not where you were, right?" Arden asked, somewhat worried. Jenn started to explain the entire situation and that a perfectly sane girl that Arden graduated with was now dating her perfectly insane roommate. She mentioned that Andrea was the group therapist and Jenn managed to woo her. Arden kept scratching her head during it all. "Um, okay. We're all gonna go out to breakfast with her tomorrow."