
Jenn never had that connection before. Family never existed after she came out, or maybe even after her dad stopped coming into her life. She hadn't talked to her mom in probably over a year, and even if they did, it was all just shouting matches. She craved family just as much as she craved love, but Andrea couldn't really help provide the first, at least that's what she thought.
After Jenn spaced out, she felt Andrea pull her onto her shoulder. Jenn nuzzled into the crook between her shoulder and neck. While there, she noticed Anna glaring at her. She cleared her throat before explaining things. "Before I left Pennsylvania with all the money I saved up working dead-end jobs, I went to an actual high school. For all of my high school career, probably minus the year I prepared for leaving, I had basically straight A's. I took Honors and AP classes. I played soccer. I could've been everything if it weren't for my mom," she said, watching Anna's expression get friendlier, "but if she accepted me, I wouldn't have run away. I could've had everything material and superficial, but I wouldn't have found Andrea."
Even Andrea was shocked. She rubbed Jenn's back slowly. "Jenn," Andrea whispered, "I love you."
Jenn smiled. She paused in her happiness before saying, "A lot of terrible led me to meeting Andrea. If I didn't start smoking, I wouldn't have met Andrea. If I didn't come out to the entire school during a rally, taking the microphone from that dumb popular kid, all of which led me to coming out to my mom, I wouldn't have met Andrea. If I didn't get evicted, I wouldn't have met Andrea. If I never had that fight with Arden and tried to kill myself, I wouldn't have met Andrea," Jenn said, "Ask me anything you want, but just know that I live for Andrea's happiness. If she wants me to go to college, then I'll do that for her. I love your sister, it's as simple as that."
Anna couldn't find the right words to say, except "I'm sorry" and "You deserve my sister." Andrea hid her smile into Jenn's shoulder. Jenn felt Andrea's nose rub against her; it wasn't a sensation that most people cared about, but coming from Andrea, it felt pleasant. It was almost as if she actually liked it.
****
After multiple ignored calls, Andrea and Jenn figured that Lauren realized what they'd been doing to her calls: ignoring them. They were obviously busy doing other things, Lauren didn't come before their relationship. Jenn needed a motherly figure in her life, but she was starting to think she was better off without one.
Jenn and Andrea were connected at the hip under Andrea's comforter. Andrea spent her time on Tumblr, reblogging endless love quotes and poems. She thought of only one person while doing all of it, even peeking at her every so often.
The blonde next to her was busy trying to stay awake. She frequently mumbled incomprehensible things and fell in and out of sleep. Andrea toyed with her, kissing her head every so often just to keep her awake. Eventually, Jenn placed her head onto Andrea's warm chest, feeling a sense of comfort she never had even when she was a child and things were relatively okay.
"Jenn?" Andrea called softly, soon shutting her computer and putting it on her bedside table. "We didn't wait two weeks, I hope that didn't make you uncomfortable because I love you." She felt Jenn shake her head slightly.
"I love you," Jenn mumbled. She yawned loudly.
"It'll be 2015 soon enough. Not tonight, but... soon. We'll be together. We always will be." No response. Andrea didn't expect one. "I hope your arm is okay. She got it pretty deep, didn't she? If it feels weird, we can do something about it tomorrow. I love you. Goodnight, Jenn." Andrea reached over, twisting her light off.