
"My dear," Marcia said, stepping closer to the couple, "I'd love to leave you alone so you two can continue with your carnal carryings, but I'm afraid that one of you must be killed, if not both."
Andrea was silent. Jenn looked back at her and never felt more pain -- She'd been called names before, she'd been disowned, and she'd been irreparably broken before, but nothing could feel worse than seeing the fear in Andrea's eyes. It was dark, but fear presented itself regardless of anything. "Why are you so... obsessed with us?"
Marcia laughed. "Obsessed, I like that. You're an odd couple, aren't you? You are -- You are, you know it. I can't stand you two, you're stains, and you must die." Before Jenn could retort, Marcia pulled out a knife, pointing it straight towards Jenn's chest.
Jenn had never been more scared in her entire life, but she cleverly hid it so Marcia had less to work with, less to manipulate. She was still speechless, though. How could someone just let Marcia, an obvious freak and psychotic bitch, out of the hospital? It was, and no pun intended, insane.
Andrea slowly stepped to her right, out of Marcia's field of vision. Jenn focused intently on Marcia's knife, hand, and arm. She was distracted, Jenn saw that, and took the opportunity to spit in Marcia's face. Marcia flailed, dropping her knife and hissing at Jenn until Andrea managed to choke her from behind.
"Ha! Who's gonna die now, bitch?" Jenn taunted, kicking Marcia. The boney girl growled at her, elbowing Andrea in the stomach. The brunette grunted loudly and let go, hitting theground and wincing in pain.
Jenn used all of her strength to give Marcia the ultimate form of any punch, enough to make her nose start bleeding and for her to hit the ground. "Fuck you, don't you dare touch her, or I will fucking kill you," Jenn warned, helping Andrea up and quickly hugging her before kicking Marcia.
"Jennifer, I love you," Andrea weakly said, coughing halfway through. Jenn nodded, kissing her forehead.
"I love you so much, Andrea," Jenn said, "Marcia's just a dick who we can't bother with now." Andrea smiled as best as she could. Her eyes quickly turned to horror as she witnessed Marcia slashing at Jenn's arm. Jenn yelled as a result, and tried to hit Marcia back. She missed, causing Marcia to laugh.
"You're going to die," Marcia declared. Jenn shook her head, muttering things under her breath. She held her arm with the hand from the opposite arm while the other hand clenched tightly,giving her white knuckles. "You're bleeding a load, aren't you? If you don't get help, you're going to bleed out and die, and I'll watch, and your pathetic girlfriend will watch. We'll all enjoy your death, because no one needs you. You're useless -- No wonder your mom hates you. It's not because you're gay, it's because you were never going anywhere in life, you loser."
"T-That's not true," Jenn denied. Andrea shook her head and covered her eyes. Marcia went over a part of her life that she thought she was leaving behind. Clearly, Jenn would never be over every traumatic experience. Even Andrea couldn't compensate for the pain Jenn's experiences gave her. One good girl could help her start new, but no amount of girls could ever help her forget the pain.
Marcia laughed again. "Of course it's true. How many days have you wasted, just waiting for your own death? Isn't that why I'm here? Isn't this what you want? If your indecisiveness between life and death isn't insane, I can't be either."
Jenn grew tired of Marcia easily. "Shut up, shut up, shut up!" she screamed, loud enough for her vocal cords to pop out of her. Marcia laughed, but only to be punched in the throat by Jenn, causing her cackling to stop.