
Andrea rolled her eyes. "Just shut up and drive, Jennifer."
"Did you say crash the car and kill us? Can do," Jenn said, grinning as she took a wide turn.
"Jennifer, stop doing that. Please."
"Only for you, Andwea."
Jenn never thought she'd be like this. She never thought she would willingly be a badass and then willingly become a puppy as soon as she fell in love. She was whipped (even if she had no clue what that actually meant, she didn't keep up with modern day slang).
****
At approximately seven in the evening, Kalin and Myles (along with Denis and the rest of the "boys") arrived at Lauren's house. What they didn't know is that it's technically solely Lauren's because she is actually the only person who pay rent on time. Arden was a lowly college student and Jenn was Jenn, so neither of them could be expected to pay anymore than the lint from the pockets of their pants. At least Arden helped out when she could.
Kalin examined the place cautiously -- Denis and Myles figured he was just oddly neurotic.
Arden raised an eyebrow at Kalin. "Is there something wrong?" she asked, looking around the room.
Kalin shook his head. "Not right now, but something will be wrong soon. You need a bouncer?"
Denis scoffed, shouldering Kalin slightly. "Why would we need a bouncer? The more people, the better, bro."
Kalin open his mouth to explain, but Arden quickly narrowed her eyes and said, "You're joking, right? 'The more people, the better,' isn't okay."
"Yeah," Kalin said, nodding, "she's right. Weird shit's been going on around here. Not sure what'll happen, and we can't take chances."
Denis immediately backed off. "Alright, fine, buzzkills. I'll find Lauren, she's funner than you two."
Arden felt her heartbeat rise sharply. "That's not a word, Denis!" she yelled.
The tall, adequately muscular brunette turned around quickly. "I bet Lauren wouldn't care!"
As Denis exited, Arden turned to Kalin and Myles. "Well... He's not helpful. Wait, have you seen Jenn or Andrea today?"
"We still don't even know who Andrea is, Arden," Kalin reminded her. Myles quietly shuffled his feet next to him.
"Right. Okay, here, you have Jenn's phone number, you make her come home now."
****
Just as Jenn pulled into the garage and clicked her seatbelt off, Andrea threw herself onto her. Jenn was almost positive the airbag would come out somehow with the way Andrea moved. Either that, or Andrea would knock her straight into Heaven at this rate. Her hips constantly clashed with Jenn's, and the world wasn't so harsh on them for a second.
Jenn softly nudged Andrea off her. "I'm not losing my virginity in my car that was my mom's."
A groan escaped Andrea's mouth, partially from being turned on, but mostly from the agony of waiting. "I see us fucking in a car soon. Three weeks max, Jenn."
"You're traumatizing," Jenn said.
The brunette snickered, still feeling heated. "And you're a mess, Jennifer." Jenn ignored Andrea, peeping out the window. Andrea stared down at her calm hands that, for once, weren't shaking. "You know I'm kidding, Jennifer."
"I know, it's just funny because it's true." Jenn glanced at Andrea's hard-worked hands. They were larger than hers, obviously, and a lot rougher, but there was a certain softness to them. Jenn inched her hand closer to Andrea's. "I give us two weeks, but not really."