
Jenn used to spent New Year's Day with her parents when she was young. Then, as she got older, she spent it with friends. They evidently loved her more. This year, she was spending it with Andrea, and it felt loads better.
As she had for the past couple of days, she woke up with Andrea by her side. Andrea remained sleeping, indicating she was probably up late the previous night. She often commented on how beautiful Jenn looked at three o'clock in the morning and that she wished Jenn was awake at that time to hear it. She sighed every time, too.
It frustrated Jenn knowing how young they were. Andrea was a college student, Jenn was practically nobody, but what they had in common was that they had far too long before life actually started for them. All Jenn wanted to do was be sure that Andrea was hers for the rest of their lives, but they were young -- Eighteen, nineteen year olds who had no clue what they were doing in the meantime.
Love was hard work, marriage even more so. Jenn already had a terrible example of it from her parents -- besides, how could she expect Andrea to want to marry someone like her? She needed at least a job, then she could do something from there. Andrea loved her, but she couldn't be the breadwinner of their household.
I'm thinking about this too much, fuck, Jenn thought, we don't even really live together.
Jenn couldn't stop thinking about it no matter how hard she tried. The idea of just popping the question to Andrea and living with her invaded her thoughts, even if they met such a short time ago. She'd known Andrea for years, though. Jenn wanted to hit herself for even thinking this way.
"Fuck, how did I ever end up with you?" Jenn asked in a whisper. She was in awe of her beauty. Her girlfriend was just as much a rose as the ones in her parents' garden.
Andrea's eyes remained closed, but her mouth did not. "I don't know, you tell me," she replied. Jenn shrunk back in embarrassment.
"I didn't know you were up."
Andrea opened her eyes and inched closed to Jenn. "I wanted to see how long you would wait before getting mad at how long I was asleep." She let out a light chuckle. "Hold me, Jennifer."
Jenn opened her arms up to receive Andrea, who fit snugly into Jenn's chest. "Did you sleep okay?"
"I was next to you, of course. The only nightmare that could ever happen in this room is if my parents walked in." Jenn laughed at this, but hollowly. She said nothing in return. "Jennifer, what's up? What's on your mind?"
"A lot of things," Jenn said, reminding herself about everything. She decided to take it slow first. "How do you feel about moving into an apartment together or something?" Her voice shook.
"Jennifer, I've literally had sex with you. We are in bed right now. I love you. You saved my life and I've saved yours. I would honestly marry you." Jenn gulped, nearly making an inhuman sound.
"Oh, would you?" Jenn felt like an absolute idiot; Andrea just said she would.
Andrea rolled her eyes. "It'll take more than a nervous eighteen year old asking to marry me while we're in bed, though. I live large, Jennifer." Jenn's spirit might as well have jumped off a cliff -- it was so low.
"Don't you care about how young we are? Or how I don't go to college? Come on, Andrea, how about how I don't even have a job?" Jenn wondered. She was slightly put off by Andrea's terrible taste in people.
Andrea shook her head. "Well, I'm going to get a real job after college and we have my parents, who could pay for the next five generations of our family and theirs. We don't have to work this all out now." Jenn calmed herself down. "I just know that I want you."