
She didn't bother to leave behind any notes, what would be the point? The only person who would really miss her is Lauren -- Arden was fuming the last time they talked, Kalin hasn't called her in the longest time, and Jenn's parents absolutely hated her. She wasn't a model child, she was a lost cause, and everyone hated her for it. Even she did.
"You're dying, Jenn," she told herself, "you're dying."
****
"Just go and apologize, please," Lauren pleaded Arden. It had been barely ten minutes since the two ended their argument and Jenn headed up to her room, but Lauren heard the entire thing, and took action quickly.
Arden knew she screwed up enough and shuffled to Jenn's room. "Jenn, I know you're probably mad and st -- Oh shit. Oh God, oh shit." Arden called for Lauren, pulling out her phone and calling 911. "Oh my fucking God, why did I do this?"
****
Eventually, Jenn woke up to find Lauren hovering over her. The room surrounding her was overly sterile, and it bugged her. Her wrists itched, and she felt as if she'd just been revived after being dead -- Ecstatic, but slightly decomposed. She stared over at Lauren, hoping to gain some attention, but not doing much else. Her laziness would most likely be the death of her one day.
"Hey there, Jenn, are you alright?" Lauren asked, whispering. Jenn shrugged. "You don't have to be, it's okay."
"I'm sorry," Jenn said. Her face appeared to be as white as the room, which saddened Lauren. Jenn was never full of life, that was part of her personality, but the little energy she had completely decreased. Was she even Jenn McAllister anymore, or did she bleed herself out in the process?
Lauren shook her head. "Don't be. You have nothing to be sorry for."
"I made a big deal over nothing. I burdened Arden with all this -- It's not her fault."
"She knows. She's fine, kind of sad, but she's fine," Lauren said, "she's out getting coffee for me."
An unbearable silence occurred. The room was weighted down with all the questions Lauren had in mind, but couldn't bear to bother Jenn with. One could describe the room as a gloomy landscape -- One girl in a hospital bed, her friend exhausted, looking out for her.
"Jenn, why didn't you tell me you liked me?" Lauren asked.
"I don't know. It didn't really come to mind until we got drunk. I don't think it would've mattered either, I'm not really a likable person, and you're straight. It's pointless to keep chasing that, so it'd be pointless to tell you." Lauren only nodded.
"Okay, that makes sense. But what about your sexuality?"
Jenn shook her head weakly. "I came here for a reason, and I wanted to meet people who didn't care that I was 'different.' I guess I did, at least, and I never told anyone because that doesn't matter either. If you had just asked, I would've told you. I guess, I met you and it stopped being a big deal."
Lauren rubbed Jenn's shoulder. "You know I can't give you what you want, right?"
"I know you can't."
"If I could, I would. I just don't feel that way. I love you, just not in the way you want me to. You deserve the world, and someone's going to give it to you," Lauren said, bittersweetly smiling. Jenn looked at Lauren the same way. "And I know you think no one's going to give it to you, but they will. You think that everyone's against you, and that you're so dislikable, but it's just you, Jenn. There would be a ton of people who'd be willing to love you in the ways I can't."