
A well-deserved break was what the two planned for each other as they reminisced on the events of just the previous days. Although Lauren was throwing another party for the actual New Year's Day, Andrea decided it would be best to spend some time away for a while. Jenn, being the loyal puppy that she is, ended up following Andrea all the way for her plans to spend until New Year's with her parents.
"You guys got everything set for your twenty minute drive?" Kalin asked, handing Andrea and Jenn their bags. The two nodded and took their suitcases. "I'm Kalin, by the way. We never got to introduce that day." He held his hand out for Andrea, who promptly shook his hand in response.
"Andrea, Jenn's girlfriend as you probably know."
Kalin chuckled. "'Course I know you, girl, we tried saving you."
"Mm, I still credit Jenn for that. You totally played your part, though," Andrea said with raised eyebrows and a subtle smirk.
Jenn rolled her eyes. "Let's get on with it, come on, chop chop," she said, signaling Andrea out the door, "If I'm going start getting us lost, I'm going to start now."
"Nice meeting you! Let's talk when I get back!" Andrea yelled while Jenn dragged her out the door.
Kalin shook his head as a wide smile grew across his face. He didn't understand how someone so optimistic could really fall for someone as pessimistic as Jenn, but opposites attract. Not that Jenn didn't deserve Andrea, but it was weird to him.
****
The two drove in silence. Jenn was unwilling to speak for some odd reason, and Andrea was asleep for most of the ride by this point. She woke up to Jenn still not talking to her.
"Jenn," Andrea said, lightly touching her shoulder. Jenn shook her shoulder off. "Jenn, babe, what's wrong?"
Jenn huffed. "Nothing." Andrea scoffed. "What was that in there?"
"In where?"
"At home with Kalin."
Andrea nearly started laughing, but figured it would startle Jenn. The last thing she wanted to do was startle the driver. "Jenn, I obviously don't like him. I'm gay, remember? Just like you."
"I don't know, I feel a bit threatened," Jenn said. Andrea shrugged and slumped back down. "Maybe I'm just too clingy."
Andrea shook her head and sat up again. "No, Jenn, you're not. You just want to have me around all the time and you don't really want to give me up to anyone - Look, you love me. I'm the same with you."
"Isn't that being clingy, then?"
"Jennifer, please do me a favor and stop calling yourself clingy. You're in love, and you just really love having me all to yourself. Trust me, I would lay in bed with you all day if I could." Andrea sighed just as Jenn did, but for different reasons. Jenn sighed out of annoyance towards herself, but Andrea sighed because Jenn didn't get it, and quite frankly, she never would.
****
"Did we even call the police after the party?" Arden asked Lauren, scooping a spoon of raisin bran cereal into her mouth. Lauren sat at the opposite side of their table, no food in front of her.
Lauren answered more than slightly worriedly, "I didn't." Arden shrugged. "It's twelve, like p.m., why are you eating cereal?"
"Neither did I." Another spoonful. "Kalin and Myles probably didn't either... but anyway, I woke up late, so don't judge me."
"Dude, this is so bad."
"I didn't know my eating habits bothered you that much, Lauren."