
Her apartment was too bland, too empty. It always was, but there was nothing she could do about it. Her lease wasn't up for a few months. Jenn would've given the apartment some color, but unfortunately she wasn't with her.
She tossed herself over, squinting at her cheap, plastic alarm clock. She couldn't exactly see the time, but it didn't have double digits, so she wasn't late for breakfast.
Arden mentioned a roommate she could "hook her up with," but Andrea knew she wasn't going to be interested. Arden wasn't a matchmaker, she never has been. Back in high school, Arden made Andrea go on a blind date with a stoner-emo-butch fusion of some sort. This resulted in Andrea faking feeling ill and sprinting out of the restaurant.
She tossed on a flannel and jeans, reminding her of Jenn. She sighed upon looking in the mirror. "It's just a girl," she told herself, "she doesn't matter." She sighed again, feeling a twinge of guilt for planning to ask Arden about her roommate. Andrea questioned it -- What if Jenn found her one day, still infatuated with her? Andrea knew she'd rather have Jenn than anyone else, but what if this new girl couldn't handle being a rebound for someone she'd dated for three days?
She shook off these thoughts, clutching her car keys and heading out.
****
"I'm so ugly, oh my God!" Jenn yelled, collapsing onto her bed.
"No, you're not!" Arden and Lauren shouted simultaneously from outside her door.
"Could you guys come inside and help me decide a fucking outfit? Oh God, I'm so anxious."
"Just go naked, she'd like that," Lauren suggested, chuckling.
Arden slapped her arm. "No, she would hate it." Lauren rolled her eyes. "Just dress how you normally would."
Jenn scoffed. "Is that a joke? I am legitimate trash," she said, opening her closet. "There are only flannels in here and black stuff. She knows I like flannels, but what if --"
"Jenn, shut up and pick an outfit," Lauren interrupted her. She skipped across the room and analyzed Jenn's closet. Quickly, she pulled out a somewhat cleaner flannel, a black t-shirt and the same ripped, black jeans. It wasn't like Andrea knew she wore it everyday.
Jenn rolled her eyes and pushed the two out, claiming she "needed to be alone" in order to see if she liked the outfit. Of course, she already found herself ugly, so it didn't completely make a difference. (Jenn was absolutely not ugly.)
****
Jenn fidgeted in her seat, staring at the entrance every few seconds. Lauren and Arden sat across from her like always. The only differences were that Jenn wasn't wearing her sunglasses (just normal glasses. She wanted to look nice) and she wouldn't be alone on her side of the table once Andrea came. "What time is it?" she asked, staring at the doors.
"Time to stop asking what the time is every five seconds," Arden said, staring at her phone.
Lauren nodded, taking a sip from her water. "Yeah, dude, she'll be here. It's cute you're excited and all, though. You must really like her." Jenn's face reddened.
Arden nudged Lauren. "Look, she's blushing!"
"Aw, aw, aw, how cute!"
Jenn ducked down, covering her face. "Guys, stop..."
"You can hear her accent!"
While she covered her face, the door's bells jingled. Andrea walked in, scanning the room. Time seemed to have slowed down as her eyes locked onto Arden, Lauren, and a familiar friend. She could recognize Jenn by just the way she slumped down in her seat. It was like she hated life or something, or had severe back problems. "Jenn!" Andrea exclaimed. Lauren and Arden glared at her and fake-coughed. "Oh, you guys, too!"