
Jenn sprang up, her face still warm and red. In what seemed to be half a second, Jenn jumped into Andrea's arms. "Oh my God, I missed you," Jenn whispered. "I didn't... you know, think we'd find each other again."
I did, Andrea thought, sniffing Jenn's hair. It smelled like green apples -- completely different from the hospital soap. "We would've found each other somehow."
"The Internet has everything, guys, you would've found each other," Lauren called out, "now sit down, you lovebirds."
Arden groaned. "Please, people are starting to stare." And they really were. The elder couple seated at the table across from them occasionally glanced at the girls, smiling each time. Others were just annoyed at the noise they'd been making.
Jenn continued to fidget until Andrea held her hand. "Wow, you look great," Andrea told Jenn, beaming. Jenn grinned, squeezing her hand.
Before Jenn could reply, Lauren butted in. "I picked the outfit out," Lauren proudly stated. Andrea chuckled, examining Jenn's body.
Small talk was a recurring topic in their conversations from then on. Not them making small talk, but them discussing the awkwardness of small talk. After ordering their food, they hit a good note with conversations, and actually got somewhere.
"So, you guys all live together? Arden, fill me in on how you met these lunatics," Andrea asked, raising her eyebrows.
"We held her at gunpoint," Lauren joked.
Jenn nodded enthusiastically. "Yup, then we figured she was too decent to shoot. This world is fucked, so we just couldn't."
"Totally fucked," Lauren agreed, "so we let her live, only if she moved in with us."
Andrea, by now, was laughing hysterically just like the rest of them. "Definitely what happened," Arden said, shaking her head, "I met Lauren through other friends and parties, and we met Jenn at a music store, buying her hipster vinyl records."
"Oh, really? What type of music was she buying?" Andrea questioned curiously, grinning at Jenn, who was smiling right back at her as if it were some cheesy teen movie.
"Funny thing is, Jenn was actually buying the audio of sex tapes. Kim's, if we wanna be really specific. We tell people she was buying Lana del Rey, but you deserve the truth," Lauren said. Jenn nearly slammed her face on the table until Andrea started laughing. Even Arden started to blush.
"Damn, my girl's adorable," Andrea said, kissing Jenn's already red cheek.
"I think y'all are in love."
"Love, love," Arden echoed.
Jenn shook her head quickly. "I think 'y'all' are stupid. We're not in love," Jenn said.
Andrea pulled away. "Oh, really?" Jenn immediately wrapped her arms around her, pulling her back again.
"No, I love you!" Jenn quickly said, kissing Andrea's cheek. Andrea instantly returned it.
Arden could feel the bond between the two. While staring at them, she let out a sigh of relief, thanking God that they both got what they wanted. Jenn was overjoyed and obsessed and Andrea was on the brink of falling in love -- perfect match.
****
By the time they'd all driven back to the only relevant house, Andrea was overwhelmed with the urge to kiss Jenn. One may not think it was that necessary, but it was like Jenn having a nicotine withdrawal, and Andrea hadn't even kissed her lips once.