
Andrea Russett was not anyone typical.
Unlike Jenn, Andrea was quite frankly perfect; She followed fashion trends and did not smoke cigarettes.
Unlike Jenn, Andrea had friends -- She was a socialite, the life of the party. Andrea was everything, but Jenn was nothing.
Andrea lived a fairly perfect life -- Her parents loved her as much as they loved each other,
Despite the differences, Jenn found herself infatuated in less than forty-eight hours. It was from day one (literally) where Jenn decided one thing: she would try.
And she knew exceptionally well that this is what Lauren meant all the times she told her there would be someone to try for -- Maybe Andrea would never feel the same way, but Jenn had no way of foreseeing, and the only solution was to try. There was just something about Andrea that Jenn craved.
Perhaps it was her caramel skin that Jenn desired to caress, or her hearty grin that Jenn longed to be around for an eternity. Maybe it was because Andrea had been nice from the start, treating her as if she were an actual person, not a lunatic trapped in a psychiatric hospital, even though she definitely was. Andrea never pried nor prodded into Jenn's business when Jenn didn't want her to. Jenn noticed all this, and it was only the second day.
****
Jenn woke up to the nurse's resonating call. It was worse than her mother's back when she lived in Pennsylvania, but the nurse's was a lot more comforting. Marcia was being pulled out of bed by two male nurses, and Jenn could see why: She kicked and shooed them as if they were pigeons. Jenn only shrugged, shaking her head as she waltzed to the bathroom, excited to see Andrea.
The shrieks of Jenn's "roommate" (God forbid) sounded throughout the ward. Jenn heard it crystal clear, it was just a wall over. "Shut the fuck up, Marcia, no one gives a shit," Jenn yelled, "I'm sorry, that was rude. Just shut up, please." She picked up her toothbrush and toothpaste, hearing horse clomps race into the bathroom.
Of course, it was only Marcia, followed by her male nurses. "No, Jenn, youshutthefuckyou, you do it, youyouyouyou, I will... I swear to God, youlittlebitch," Marcia threatened, although it wasn't a clear threat. The nurses only grunted and dragged her out of Jenn's sight as she proceeded to brush her teeth.
****
"What do you mean Jenn's been admitted?" Kalin asked with bulging eyes and shaky hands.
Arden explained, "Well, you see, she tried to kill herself, so now she's in a psychiatric hospital."
Kalin sighed, collapsing into his arms. "No, I know what it means, but why didn't anyone tell me?"
"Kalin, calm down, hon, we didn't think it would matter to you!"
"Didn't think it would matter to me? What's wrong with you people? She's the best person I've ever met, I love her," he said "I'm in love with her."
Lauren gasped. "Dude --"
"What? I'm in love with someone."
"She doesn't love you back, bro. She can't."
"Bullshit, she can't, I'll show you, I will!" Kalin picked his gangly self up, carrying himself out of the house rampantly.
"He's in for a surprise," Lauren said, chuckling.
"Totally," Arden said.
****
Kalin rushed into the hospital, it was thirty minutes past two o'clock -- He demanded to be taken to the psychiatric hospital to visit someone, and for some strange reason, they let him.