
Andrea woke up to a shirtless blonde in her bed -- her shirtless blonde. Jenn was curled up next to Andrea, breathing steadily. She watched her chest rise, then fall, then rise again continuously.
Jenn mumbled in her sleep quietly. It was never enough for Andrea to understand what she was saying, though. Andrea didn't mind. She focused on the pieces that made Jenn, and talking in her sleep was one of them. Last night's paranoia was another thing, but if Jenn really thought someone was taking pictures of them then perhaps she was insane after all.
She inched closer to Jenn, faintly kissing her soft face. Jenn remained sound asleep. Andrea turned over and got out of bed.
****
Kalin woke up to an obnoxiously loud knock on the door. His apartment was empty, minus Myles sleeping on the couch. Continuing to hear the knocks, Kalin yelled, "I'm coming!" and walked towards the doorway. "Fuck I gotta do around here to get some sleep?" he asked himself, opening the door.
Once he opened it, a pile of pictures poured in his apartment. He kicked them all in and pushed the door closed. As he arranged all the pictures, he noticed all of them were of the same people, just in different locations. He furrowed his eyebrows and squinted at a picture closely.
Kalin woke Myles up and handed him half of the pile. "This is some creepy shit," Myles said, flipping a picture, "'I'm going to kill her.' That's written on here."
"It's written on this one."
"Yeah, all of 'em, actually." Kalin shook his head, picking up another picture. "That's Jenn, right?"
He snatched the picture Myles had, which clearly depicted Jenn and another girl. "It is." He grabbed his phone off the coffee table and called Lauren.
"Oh, hey, dude, what's going on?" she asked.
"Jenn is being stalked." Lauren laughed.
"By who?"
"I'm serious. Come check it out."
****
Jenn was eating more toaster waffles than she ever had in her entire life. Maybe it was the quality of the toaster. It didn't take much for Jenn to be satisfied, though.
Andrea and her were cuddled under a blanket on her couch. The TV was turned on to some cheesy eighties movie, which neither of them were paying attention to. "You're a cutie," Andrea said, smiling. She took a bite out of Jenn's waffle.
Jenn shook her head, waffle still in mouth. "I am not," she replied, her voice muffled by the waffle.
"I think you are." Jenn blushed just like the thousands of times before and kissed Andrea's cheek. "Gross, you're going to get syrup on me!" She wiped her cheek while Jenn giggled next to her. Andrea rolled her eyes, jokingly pushing Jenn's face away.
Jenn shot her a stern look, squinting her eyes and lowering her eyebrows. "You can't just do that."
"What're you gonna do about it, punk?" Andrea teased. Her eyes widened as Jenn took a massive bite out of her syrup-covered waffle, leaning in towards her. She yelped, jumping up and running away.
Jenn chased after her, licking the syrup off her face. Eventually, Jenn tackled Andrea, kissing her cheeks multiple times. Andrea swatted her away, but Jenn continued to let the remaining syrup onto Andrea's face. "You're welcome," Jenn said, cheekily smiling.
Andrea rolled her eyes and groaned. "Clean it off."
"Fine, bitch." Jenn proceeded to lick it off her face, causing Andrea to moan in disgust.