
Jenn exhaled in relief. "Oh God, I thought you gossip about me or something."
"No, we do. You smell like eggs," Andrea joked. Jenn playfully hit her, which would have led to a full on battle on the couch if it weren't for Andrea's mom.
After a decent conversation on Jenn's background, Andrea's parents decided to depart. "You ladies have fun, your father and I are going out to fetch some stuff for lunch. Make yourself comfortable and don't do anything I wouldn't do," Jacqui said. The dogs looked up at her, quickly getting up and sprinting off somewhere else.
Andrea waited to hear their tires screech as they drove away before pouncing on Jenn, who was completely unprepared for it. "Jesus fucking Christ, Andrea," she said, "this couch feels like a rock."
"Not everyone lives in a house with furniture so overused that it's counted as 'cozy,' babe," Andrea told her, aiming a kiss at Jenn. Jenn happily took it, pressing back.
"God, rude, do you want to fuck me or not?"
Andrea groaned loudly. "Jennifer, of course I do."
"Good. I'm not going to get fucked on a rock, though. God, Ikea just gets crappier and crappier." Andrea sighed, hoisting Jenn and her up. Eventually, they found themselves in the room down the hall to the left - Andrea's room. "You didn't lose your virginity here, right? Oh God, you're not a virgin, but I am. This is so weird. I don't know what I'm even doing, Andrea."
Andrea laughed quietly. "You're cute, and I did not lose it here. I lost it near the Hollywood sign, actually... outside, under the stars, and with the wrong person." Jenn just kept staring at Andrea, who was just staring right back at her. The blonde looked completely freaked out, but Andrea seemed to calm her down, which was funny to her. Andrea was exactly the reason she was freaking out. "Jenn, don't worry. You're good enough. I'll keep you safe, baby girl."
"Oh my fucking God, don't call me that, I don't - is that a thing? Am I talking too much? I don't mean to be, it's just that - " Andrea cut her off with a long kiss. Jenn pushed her back slowly at first, but quickly pulled Andrea closer to her.
Andrea could sense Jenn's anxiousness. "Jennifer, calm down. I'll take care of you, babe," Andrea assured her, kissing her before nipping at her neck. Jenn let out a light grunt as Andrea started to unbutton Jenn's pants. "Do you want me to?" Jenn nodded quickly, her eyes closed completely.
While Andrea took off her shirt, Jenn smiled, unable to fathom what she had in front of her. "You're so beautiful, Andrea," Jenn said, "I'm about to lose my virginity to a very, very, beautiful and fuckable girl. Thank you." Andrea grinned back at her.
Andrea dove down next to Jenn's neck. "I'm about to take the virginity of a very, very beautiful and fuckable girl, so thank you," Andrea whispered, barely seductively. She kissed Jenn's neck, then down her body until she reached the edge of her jeans. "That's no good." Andrea pouted, pulling them off. Immediately after, Jenn pulled Andrea back up and placed her lips onto hers. Andrea straddled Jenn while attempting to take off her pants as well.
Jenn ripped off her shirt wildly; she was nearly completely bare. She wondered for a while whether Andrea could even feel how unfortunately damp certain parts of her lower body were. Even if she could, she clearly either enjoyed it or just didn't care. "Fuck me," Jenn commanded between a kiss.
"Only if you want, baby girl." Andrea slid her hand into Jenn's underwear, one of the only remaining articles of clothing she had on still. With her other hand, she lightly held Jenn's head as if to protect her. The two sped their kisses up by the second, Jenn nearly couldn't even keep up.