
"I've decided it," Andrea said proudly, waking Jenn up, "our ship name is GettoXPenn. Drop the 'h,' we're so ghetto, with the 'h.'"
While sneering at Andrea's lame attempt, Jenn rolled over in her bed. It was only nine in the morning and Andrea had managed to wake up, probably shower, dress up, and head to Jenn's house. Although she got ready as well after being notified, she was still shocked. "You're so lame, why am I dating you?" Jenn asked, wanting to go back to sleep. "It's Jenndrea, get over it."
Andrea frowned. "AtomicXHomo?" Jenn bursted out laughing. Andrea covered Jenn's face with a pillow. "I think it's pretty cute. Let's make a YouTube channel and get famous!"
Jenn's voice was muffled under the pillow. "YouTube? I'm done with that bullshit. Last thing I remember was Rebecca Black singing 'Friday,' so it's been a while. Besides, YouTube isn't for me. I would never be a YouTuber!"
"At one point," Andrea said, "you were. I've looked up your usernames, babe."
Jenn grasped at her "heart." "Oh God, that hurt... right in my personal soul. You dug into my past. Kiss it better?"
Andrea rolled her eyes and complied. "You're so sexually repressed." Jenn nodded. "That didn't turn you on, hopefully."
"I am, and it didn't," she agreed. Andrea lightly pushed her down and kissed her again, but higher up. "I've never done anything with anyone before." Jenn chuckled nervously.
"That's because most of your life, you were a little church girl," Andrea said, "following every single one of Jesus's rule. Now you're not." Andrea's eyes were filled with lust.
While she attempted to kiss her, Jenn pulled back. "But I'm still holding out for a while longer. Don't pull that on me," Jenn scolded, sitting against her headboard.
"Pull what?"
"That dumb thing where you fuck me and then leave."
Andrea shook her head. "Jenn... I'd never do that to you. I know I wouldn't." She pulled Jenn in for a hug. Jenn only limply hugged her back until Andrea squeezed her. "I know I've done it to other people and I'm sure you've heard that from Arden in these past days, but I wouldn't do it to you." Jenn smiled, Andrea told her what she wanted to hear.
"Thank you."
"Are you going to tell me why you take your time?"
"It's the way relationships are supposed to be. If you're going to fuck me, at least take me out on a date first."
"Deal." Andrea grinned, pulling Jenn in for a kiss before skipping out the door. Jenn shook her head and rolled her eyes.
****
Lauren sat on the couch with her laptop, scrolling through pictures of Denis. "Not bad... Really good, actually. Holy fuck --"
"Does he look like a fuckboy to you?" Arden asked, a grin stretching across her face.
She shook her head slowly. "He looks like a frat boy."
"He is, and he's coming to the party. Have fun!"
Continuing to scroll through his various social networking accounts, Lauren felt her heart grow attached to this boy. While heading to the top of his page to check who he was following, her hand slipped and she tapped the follow button. She produced an inhumane scream immediately after.
****
"This is your place? It's nicer than my old apartment by a longshot," Jenn stated. Her eyes zoomed around the room, taking in the flat, pure walls that surrounded them.