
Jenn smirked, playing along with her. "Is that so, comrade?" Lauren nodded, opening the bottle.
****
Following the Russian stereotypes, the two set up more shots of vodka than either of them could count after they finished. It may have only been ten in the morning on a Monday, but neither of them minded.
Lauren raised a shot glass, spilling some. She continued on with the Russian stereotypes."I make this toast in honor of Jenn McAllister, my comrade. She picked me up when the Cold War got tough, damn these Americans! I'd go on, but I don't know anything about the Cold War and I just want to get drunk," she yelled, downing the first shot.
****
Glasses clattered against the polished wood floor as the two finished over half of their setup. "S-Shit, Jenn, man, I think we had a little too much," Lauren stated, slamming a shot glass onto the counter. Jenn simply nodded, stumbling onto the ground nearby a couch, only for Lauren to follow.
"Wanna know somethin'?" Jenn asked, shooting a glassy-eyed look toward Lauren. Lauren eagerly nodded. "I kind of, super duper, reeeallly like you." She wrapped herself around Lauren's leg.
The brunette laughed at Jenn's confession. She knew she was drunk, but not half as drunk as Jenn, yet she also lacked the ability to process what Jenn had said. "Jenn, stop, you're so, so, so gay right now. Eat a Snickers, you're not yourself when you're drunk." Lauren was oblivious, and whether that was the alcohol or not, she was.
Jenn ignored Lauren, wrapping her arms around her. "Nah, I'm totally gay for youuuu."
****
Originally, Arden was having a wonderful day. She woke up at eight, went to her classes at ten, and went to Whole Foods at one to buy lunch. Her day was wonderful, completely blissful, until she arrived home at two.
"Okay, what the fuck?" Arden muttered to herself, dropping her bags. To her left, she saw Jenn and Lauren asleep, with Jenn's body wrapped around Lauren's. To her right, she eyed shattered glass, a nearly empty bottle of Smirnoff, and sticky notes stapled to the floor reading, "For Mother Russia!" She sighed and squinted at her roommates. "It's not even Friday."
She soon decided she would question them about it later. Clearly, no one was in any state to talk about it, but Arden did have something big on her mind: Their sexualities (and why they were getting drunk on a Monday).