
Jenn nodded "I think I'll be okay doing whatever you want, but sure."
"Do you at least feel better?"
"I'm just... kind of confused. How the fuck did I not remember something like this? Or even the fact I drank?" Jenn looked far too concerned. Andrea grasped her hand to calm her down.
"Jennifer, maybe it's because you drank."
She shook her head. "Andrea, I think something is wrong with me." Jenn saw the fear in Andrea's eyes and instantly felt guilty. "I didn't mean that. I'm probably making a bigger deal out of it than it actually is. Maybe I hit my head or something, I am that fucking stupid." Andrea still looked nervous.
"Fine. I'll let it go for now so we don't worry too much. I love you." The absolute disgust from the people seated across from them nearly made Jenn laugh. Andrea even leaned over to kiss her, just to mortify them, and mortified they were. Jenn and Andrea were satisfied with this reaction and simply held each other's hands for the rest of the flight.
****
It indeed was eight-thirty once they arrived in New Jersey. Andrea felt like she was stranded on a beach, unfamiliar, but surrounded by beauty. The city was just a bonus to the beauty.
It was an unusual sight for Andrea, having lived in luxury her entire life, to see a community as rundown as this. Even the airport they arrived in couldn't touch on LAX. Everything was awful in Andrea's eyes, and for a minute, she felt sorry for Jenn. She always had, but pure sympathy for Jenn having to live in this "city" when she wasn't with her mother, which wasn't often.
"Where to?" Andrea asked. Jenn shrugged. "You have no clue where to go? We have all our stuff, it's getting late, and you have no clue where to go?"
Jenn hushed her. "No, no, it's not that. I'm still trying to find out if this is all real."
"Fine. While you go find out if this is real, I'll find out where the nearest hotel is," Andrea said, grabbing Jenn's hand.
"No, no, we're only a block or so from Patrick's."
"Your high school friend's house?"
"No, Andrea, my dad's."
****
Fun! okay great! jenndrea is dead but my fanfics aren't. yeah they arent friends anymore but that doesn't mean we have to forget then completely, right? okay great! but anyway, yeah.
thank you for reading, i hope y'all enjoyed this chapter :~) i hope you guys will enjoy the next few as well.
thanks for reading! don't forget to vote, comment, and share w your friends! :~)