
Jenn recklessly drove home, getting back to her apartment considerably quicker than usual. On the way, she smoked her third cigarette of the past two hours. She sat in her car for a good two minutes with the windows rolled down. She seemed calm, and in her "inner peace" mode, that's just what a nice afternoon did for her.
Overall, she was not one to find peace in many things. She often sat alone in her apartment, lights off, curtains closed, locked away from the world. Los Angeles was vapid, and so far, the most exciting thing she's done upon moving here was picking up furniture at Ikea.
A boy started tapping at her windshield, creating a musical beat, startling Jenn. This boy was none other than Kalin White, who was possibly one of the only people who Jenn didn't completely loathe in Los Angeles.
Jenn gazed over at Kalin, his eyes were prettier than hers, and he probably had better eyelashes, too. "Kalin, kid, what are you doing? Can't you leave me alone for a while?"
"I 'leave you alone' too often, so nah, I can't," he replied, "and don't call me 'kid,' I'm older than you." Kalin played the role of Jenn's tour guide when she first moved in. He drove her around Los Angeles with his girlfriend, Maya. Jenn felt like a huge third wheel a lot of the time, but it was okay.
Jenn shook her head slowly, exiting her car. "I'm taking a nap. Goodbye, Kalin," she said, walking up the stairs to her apartment.
"Whoa, girl," he interrupted, running in front of her, "you should get out of your apartment sometime. C'mon, even you should know that it's wrong to get secondhand smoking from your own old smoke."
"Doesn't that make it firsthand smoking still?"
"Shit, Jenn, I don't know. Point is, you need to get out of this place. Go out on a road trip, go to the beach, hang out with people," Kalin advised, "that's all. Alright? Have fun with your nap, I'll catch you later."
Jenn didn't feel too bad about ignoring Kalin. He had good advice and he was probably the only person that hadn't been rude to her once. Kalin showed his loyalty to her, and she wasn't ever too rude to him. They were okay. He understood that she needed a lot more space than the rest of the world did, and he gave it to her. He also understood that she despised nearly everything that walked, and he let her do that.
Kalin had Maya, after all. He had his friends, he had everyone, and at the bottom of everything, he had Jenn. The two of them got along fairly well, carrying out decent conversations about the world. The thing was, Kalin didn't know much about her. She remained a mystery to everyone.
Once Jenn entered her home, she immediately felt lonely. Maybe I should apologize, she thought. She shook her head and went to her bedroom. The bedroom that no one has ever seen, with the bed that no one has ever slept in, and the window with the view that no one has ever looked through. No one except Jenn. Sure, Jenn was a loner, but at the same time, she got the chance to see what no one else could.
As if she were right on schedule, Jenn pulled out the nearly empty pack of cigarettes, lighting one, and lying down on her bed. Perhaps the only difference this time was that she fell asleep.
****
Los Angeles was filled with people like Jenn, and people like Kalin, and even people like Lauren and Arden. There were even more types of people, but Jenn didn't even care at this point -- Why get to know people if all they do is leave you in the end? And if that were true, that every relationship of any sort will end, why do people like Lauren and Arden exist? Why was Kalin in a relationship? Either ignorance was truly bliss, or Jenn's view on the world wasn't as pessimistically unrealistic as it seemed to be.
Jenn was, as expected, fucked over. While there wasn't a dramatic love story about a boy who broke her heart and left, there was always the story about how everyone who promised to always be on her side turned out to not be with her in the end. The loneliness could get overwhelming, as can anything.