
She slowly picked up the knife. She stared at a picture of the two -- Jenn was gleefully looking into Andrea's eyes, Andrea was looking right back.
Stains. Freaks. They disgust me.
One day, someday soon, they will be dead.
The bedraggled blonde stared at her ruffled hair, staring at her distorted reflection in the knife before hurtling it to a wall. It clattered to the ground just before being picked up again.
****
Every morning since she was a child, Jenn would wake up, go to the bathroom, ritually brush her teeth until her mouth felt just right, head back to her room, and probably fall asleep again. Throughout everything, she was undisturbed.
This changed the second Jenn woke up in her room next to Andrea Russett. "Jenn... Jenn? Are you awake? Well, you're not --" Andrea was rudely interrupted.
"I'm awake. I am awake. I am very, very, fucking awake. I'm also very fucking tired," she said. Her eyes bulged as she sprang up in the bed. Jenn directed her vision to Andrea.
Jenn rubbed at her temples, eyes squeezed shut. "I'm sorry," Andrea said, not sorry at all. Jenn nodded at her apology. "Party's tonight. It's almost 2015."
"Whatever. New year just means new trouble," Jenn said, "I have enough to worry about." She kicked Andrea from under the covers.
"Hey! What was that for?"
Jenn shrugged. "Waking me up, maybe."
"Jennifer. Get. Over. It." She received another light kick.
****
"Can't we just turn the photos in?" Arden complained, melodramatically falling onto their couch, "The police could take care of this... Jenn and Andrea could be safe." She started to question Lauren's methods. Although Lauren thought she was keeping them safe, she was putting them further and further into danger by waiting.
Lauren shook her head and held up a photo. "Trust me, it'll be fine. Stop worrying, for me." She would blow up if Arden complained one more time.
Her roommate sighed. "Fine," she said, "but if my best friend ends up dead, I'm never speaking to you again."
"You say that a lot... and did you just call Jenn your best friend?" Lauren questioned with a higher tone at the end.
Arden's voice cracked as if she happened to be a nearly pubescent, twelve year old boy. "What? No! I was talking about Andrea," she defended.
Lauren scoffed and held up the picture to Arden. "Sure, but look at this." A faint reflection was captured in the photo off a mirror. Her eyes widened immediately. "She's a creep."
"Duh. She takes pictures of our friends making out. Which they still don't know about... God damn it."
****
Jenn hung one arm out the car window loosely, the other on the wheel. Andrea couldn't decide which arm was more relaxed, making her immediately go wide eyed. "I'm not the more cautious one usually, but can you actually use both hands to drive? I don't want us to die."
Jenn bit her inner lip to hide her oncoming smile. "Why don't you drive then? Why am I always the one driving?" She let go of the steering wheel briefly, causing Andrea to immediately jump up.
"Jennifer Ann McAllister, if you don't grab the damn wheel..."
"Hey, look on the bright side," Jenn said, glancing at Andrea, "if we died, we would die together. Crushed by a reckless trucker and all."