
"Eleanor Rigby" played in Jenn's head as she brushed her teeth. Shit song, I'm sure, she thought, but I like it. Andrea would find her music taste atrocious, but it wasn't a choice. She was born with liking it, it ran through her blood. Still, some people were so narrow-minded, they found Jenn's music taste disgusting. The Beatles really went against their religious beliefs.
****
Jenn was fully in tears by eleven o'clock. There was no trigger for her waterfalls necessarily, but the mere thought of leaving bothered her. "I'm not ready, I'm not better, I can't leave. Don't let me leave," Jenn begged Andrea.
Andrea sighed. "But you know what? You leave today, you'll be better out there, you already are. You're not going to be perfect." Something about that statement made Jenn snap.
"Wait, is that it, Andrea? Is that all I am to you? Is that all you really fucking think of me? Is this why you're trying to be nice and fix me?" At this point, Jenn couldn't tell if she was angry or sad.
Andrea tilted her head and furrowed her eyebrows. "I'm not trying to fix you," Andrea said calmly, "because I don't believe you're broken. Let me tell you, Jenn McAllister, you're not broken, no matter how much you want me to believe you are. You're not. And no, I'm not trying to be nice, you little shit. I'm trying to get to understand you, and fall in fucking love with you."
Jenn stared down at the ground with reddened eyes. The two of them sat in Jenn's lonely room. With Marcia out of the picture, Jenn had no one in the room -- She was ecstatic, but it was long past her desired days of staying in the wretched hospital. Jenn just couldn't leave. She sighed before Andrea hugged her out of concern. "How could I be together when I'm like this? I just don't -- I can't grasp that concept. But fine, I'm not stopping you from believing that. Believe what you want, honestly. I won't believe it," Jenn said defensively.
Andrea shook her head. "You're never going to get anywhere with that mindset, Jenn. Want to know my take on it?"
"Not really."
"Oh. My. God. Would you listen for once? You're so frustrating sometimes," Andrea said, "but it's too cute."
"Wait, what?" Jenn asked, perplexed beyond all measures.
Andrea covered up for herself, scooting away from Jenn. "Nevermind, just listen. Here's what I think: You want to be apart because you think the way you're put together isn't right. Honestly, Jenn, you're such an amazing person. But it's fine, if you want to fall apart and all. Civilizations fall apart and then comes something better." The brunette held Jenn's hand, trying to reassure Jenn on things she couldn't ever fathom of being capable to do. "Fall apart. Make the letters in your name rearrange and the star dust in your soul revert back to a galaxy. Make yourself find yourself and find the people you want in your life. Fall apart because the world needs it. Fall apart because this is just the beginning, I promise you."
The two sat in silence together as Jenn forced herself into Andrea's arms. Though they only knew each other for barely more than three days, Jenn felt closer to Andrea than anyone she'd ever met. "You're such a cheeseball," Jenn whispered.
Andrea giggled, squeezing her. "I got it off Tumblr."
"The space shit is a dead giveaway." Jenn slowly pulled herself away from Andrea.
"And the 'fall apart' stuff, too." A silence washed over them. The two stared at each other, lost in reality. "So, you leave at lunch. Do you need a ride home or something?"
Jenn shook her head. "I'll be good. I've got someone picking me up. But thank you."