
Jenn woke up to an all too familiar brunette yelling in her ear. She nearly choked Andrea before realizing who it actually was. "Oh my fuck, don't ever do that again," Jenn scolded, turning away to fall asleep again.
"I'm sowwy, Jennifer," Andrea whimpered, "but not really." She dragged the blonde out of bed, despite her protests and demands to stop.
"You're here too early. Why?" Jenn asked promptly.
Andrea shrugged. "I wanted to see you." Jenn smirked, pulling Andrea in for a hug. "No, I wanted to pick up my holiday bonus now so I don't have to do it later."
Jenn rolled her eyes, pulling away from her. "Wow, you would," she sarcastically replied. She crashed back down onto her bed.
"I don't get paid. You're my holiday bonus!" Andrea exclaimed, rushing towards Jenn and picking her up. She carried her out to the common room, feeling a sharp temperature change.
Jenn slapped Andrea's back. "Let me go! I'm fucking freezing, why would you do this?"
"You're cold?" Andrea asked, snickering.
"Yes," Jenn said, dumbfounded, "it's literally five degrees!"
"It's actually fifty," Andrea informed. She released her onto the couch, sliding next to her. She took off her sweatshirt, handing it to Jenn. "You should be used to the cold, you Pennsylvanian pansy."
Jenn sneered, putting on Andrea's sweatshirt. "I was a sheltered child who stayed in a heated house." Andrea mumbled an inaudible response, lying on Jenn moments afterwards. Though it couldn't lead anywhere, Jenn wished it would.
Andrea wouldn't kiss her, that was the truth. Nothing was wrong with her, Jenn wouldn't kiss her this early either. It was a purely conversation based relationship -- Neither of them desired to do anything past meaningless conversations and tight hugs. Basically, the two were in a middle school relationship.
Then again, the only thing Jenn's lips have touched were cigarettes, and she wasn't in a middle school relationship either. Often, she would think about how she'd be if Andrea decided to kiss her. Would she pull away in fear of disgusting Andrea with the taste of smoke? More importantly, was that the real reason Andrea hadn't kissed her yet? No, of course not. Jenn calmed herself down with the same reassuring thought: It was too early.
****
"Is that the best you can do, Arden?" Lauren asked, pulling her roommate back. "I didn't move in with you for this."
Arden groaned, tilting her head back. "Shit, Lauren --" She felt her entire body grow weak. Though it was winter, her body temperature rose quickly after this.
"C'mon, Arden. Let's switch positions then," Lauren suggested.
"Why would that help? I can't believe we can't even move a couch by ourselves, Jenn'll stab us when she finds out we couldn't do this," Arden said. They'd made the unplanned decision to buy a couch for "Jenn's return." However, the couch didn't fit through their front door, and had to be brought up through the garage, up the stairs, and into the living room.
Lauren shrugged. "Dude, why don't we just leave it?"
Arden stared down at Lauren, who was at the bottom of the stairs. She thought about her racing heartbeat and overexerted muscles. "Yeah, let's go get Starbucks."
"Yup, you pay." Lauren nodded. "Best decision ever."
As the two headed back down the stairs, Arden mumbled to Lauren, "We never talk about this again." Lauren nodded, staying silent.