
"You're disgusting," Andrea stated, holding back a chuckle. She pulled Jenn onto her and kissed her, tasting a syrupy-ashy combination. It wasn't half as bad as she'd expected it to be. "Do you drink?"
"Not really. I'm a smoker, not a drinker. It fucks up the medication, too," Jenn informed her, still on top of her, "Besides, it's too early to drink." She recalled the last time she'd drank so early in the day. It was the time with Lauren when they ruined their perfect wood floor.
Andrea nodded. "Do you only smoke cigarettes?"
"Well, I mean, I grew up in Pennsylvania. No one really had weed back there. I'm not sure what else you smoke."
"Tough. This is California, and everyone has weed here. Want some?" Jenn nodded and got up. Andrea rolled over and pushed herself up, heading to her room.
Jenn sat back down on the couch, kicking her legs back and forth. She stared at the entire room -- There were multiple paintings hung up throughout the room. Jenn stared at one of them in particular: a canvas void of everything but a rose. She knew Andrea's middle name was Rose, but Andrea plainly didn't paint like this.
Jenn examined the painting closely. Slowly, she realized that the painting had been done by none other than her roommate, Arden Rose. It made sense!
Andrea came in with a large bag of weed and a glass bong. Jenn gasped sharply as Andrea took a seat next to her. She instructed her how to use it, but Jenn assured her she knew how.
The two were in for a load of fun.
****
Lauren rapidly looked through the pictures with Arden, Kalin, and Myles. "I don't get it, this is completely violating their privacy." Arden and Myles nodded.
"Yeah. Who would do this?" Kalin asked. Lauren shrugged, sliding the pictures onto the table. "Death threats? Whoever did this is crazy."
"Do you think they're after Jenn or Andrea?"
"It went to my door, it had to be Jenn. I don't even know Andrea." Lauren nodded as she reviewed everything.
"Should we tell them?" Lauren asked worriedly. Although Jenn had been a complete bitch prior to her trip to the psychiatric hospital, she still worried about her. Even before, it was all just an image that Jenn tried to keep up. Lauren easily tore it down.
"Yeah, and soon. We don't need either of 'em getting hurt."
****
High out of her mind, Andrea answered a call from Lauren. "Oh, hiya there, Lauren!"
Lauren tilted her head in confusion. "Andrea? You're with Jenn, okay, right?" she asked. She heard giggles in the background.
"Mhmmm."
"Okay, good." She first recognized Jenn's obnoxious giggles, then what she assumed to be her falling off whatever she was on. "Are you guys high? Without me? I'm coming over now." She hung up.
Arden placed her hand on Lauren's knee. She bit her lip, partially sinking her teeth in worriedly. "What're they doing?" she asked.
Lauren slowly turned towards Arden. Her expression was flat up until she said, "Marijuana." Arden groaned and shook her head.
"There are more important things! Lauren, we need to help them!"
"Chill out, dude. They're fine, just high."
****
"Baaabe, you're so cute when you're high. Cuter... than a sheep," Andrea said, tapping Jenn's nose. Jenn only giggled and kissed Andrea. "Your lips are like cotton..."