
It was 2015. Of course it was, wasn't it? It'd been a long time since Jenn cared about the year, but it was definitely 2015. Another day Jenn didn't spend in Pennsylvania, and another day Jenn progressively became more Californian. She lost her "Jersey" accent that she, unfortunately, obtained from having lived both in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Andrea had so much to make fun of with that.
For once, Andrea wasn't awake. Mainly because it was well before twelve in the afternoon, and Andrea never woke up before noon after she got drunk. Jenn, on the other hand, wasn't even slightly hungover -- she refrained from drinking even with such an easy opportunity to. Actually, her memory was just failing her. She had no recollection of drinking, or Andrea drinking. As far as she was concerned, neither of them had touched alcohol and last night was merely a dream. Jenn couldn't remember a thing.
It was five o'clock in the morning, and Jenn was preparing all of her sarcastically motivational speeches for Andrea to get up despite being hungover.
She still couldn't think, of course. Just because she was awake didn't mean she was aware of it, and she wasn't. She just couldn't stop thinking about how different of a person Andrea was when she was drunk. Jenn despised it partially, but thought her drunken ideas weren't too bad. She knew the actual Andrea wouldn't really care about returning to Pennsylvania/New Jersey for a bit.
Jenn always would care, and Andrea wouldn't get it. Bad things might have happened there, but it was still the place she grew up in. It was where she learned who she was, and that's how she ended up meeting Andrea. Sometimes, it's not too bad to end up insane. Jenn wouldn't change that for a thing, but maybe the way some things played out.
She knows she shouldn't have been so cruel to her mother, and her mother with her, but she couldn't help it - teenagers are angry and adults have their beliefs, neither had the opportunity to voice their opinion correctly.
Regardless, Jenn had Andrea now, and she was right where she wanted to be, next to a sleeping Andrea. Of course, this was ruined by Andrea's phone going off for some dumb alarm. Jenn groaned and fell back onto the bed.
Andrea picked it up, seemingly fine, and faced Jenn. "You're up really early. Thank God, I don't have to wake you up for our flight," Andrea said.
"What flight?" Jenn asked, tilting her head. Andrea grabbed her hand.
"The one to Pennsylvania. I told you about it last night."
"Oh. I don't know what you're talking about, but okay, we're going there." Andrea raised an eyebrow. "I'm going to smoke."
"Jenn, no," Andrea commanded, "Jennifer, please go take your pills."
"God, fine, mom." Jenn got up and opened a nightstand. She shuffled through it, pulling out the bottle eventually, and actually taking her pills for once. "Why aren't you hungover?"
"Because I barely drank."
"Uh, no, you were totally... drunk last night... Andrea, you were, weren't you?" Andrea shook her head. "Oh, fuck. I don't remember anything. Did I drink?"
"Yeah, I don't know why. You don't drink." Jenn's eyes grew wide, because she didn't get why either.
****
Jenn was restless next to Andrea. The last time Jenn was on a plane was leaving Pennsylvania, and now she's going back? It was ridiculous. She barely agreed to it. The plane was going too slow, and at this rate, they'd end up there by eight-thirty in the evening. Not to mention the annoying plane change -- Jenn was already fed up with the plane.
For most of the flight, she tried sleeping. Andrea would help her to no avail. Jenn simply couldn't sleep on planes. "I'm sorry this is going so miserable for you. When we get there, we can go wherever you want. You know where things are, anyway," Andrea apologized.