
Jenn studied the room she was in. Stuffy, she thought, but awfully nice, even though this is a psychiatric hospital. The staff had confiscated her phone, sunglasses, cigarettes, everything that truly made Jenn herself. She wondered if she had made a mistake, but knew it was meant to be when her eyes fell upon one sight -- A (barely) taller girl who looked around her age, if not a year or so older. Brunette, tan, and absolutely lovely -- In other words, perfect. Jenn continued staring at her for a good few minutes. Another fantasy, Jenn thought, and suddenly connection to the outside world seemed irrelevant.
She watched her for a moment, settling back. For a while, she tried finding a single decent reason why this girl would be in here. "That's the group therapy leader," a boy whispered in her ear. Jenn jumped back, collapsing out of her seat.
"Whoa, don't do that, seriously," Jenn said firmly.
The boy's eyes seemed omniscient themselves, as if they could see right through Jenn, as if they knew everything Jenn felt and thought. "Sorry." The boy held out his pale hand. "I'm 'Sex God.'"
Jenn rolled her eyes. "You were doing so well the first five seconds --"
"-- of summer?"
"What? No. You left a good impression, and then you screwed up." The boy ignored her statement, fixing his gelled blonde hair and adjusting his lip ring. Jenn sighed, wanting to at least make an alliance if one patient were to go berserk. "Who was that girl anyway?"
His eyes lit up, focusing attention on Jenn immediately. He grinned, sitting down on the floor across from Jenn. "Yes, her. She's the group therapy leader. It's a volunteer thing, I think, but don't take my word for it, I might be a pathological liar."
"Oh, uh, thanks," Jenn said, scooting back from him. "What's she like?"
"She really cares about us, I think. She doesn't really get mad at us, unless we start throwing chairs, then she makes jokes about how those chairs probably costed a lot to make. I've never talked to her outside of group, she scares me. Everyone scares me, you scare me," the blonde said, quickly getting up and dashing off.
She shook her head, walking back into her room. For a psychiatric hospital, the place had a lot of freedom. Many patients were clothed in clothes they most likely brought, such as jeans and a t-shirt. It made Jenn miss her flannels, the chilly atmosphere bothered her.
If group's at 2:45, then I have... not that long until I see that girl again, Jenn thought, God, Jenn, you're so creepy. She didn't mind at all, of course. She always figured that if she were going to be creepy, she might as well be accepting over it -- Someone has to be.
Her wrists tingled a noticeable amount, and Jenn desired to relieve the itch. However, she knew that if she did, she'd be deemed mentally unstable (at least, more than she already was) and restrained. She'd rather not be restrained on the first day. Instead, Jenn decided to check out her room.
Jenn was led by a nurse to her room, who mentioned she had a roommate. On any other day, Jenn would've found that to be splendid. Being in a psychiatric hospital ruined the fun/splendidness of roommates, and Jenn was rather unenthusiastic upon hearing the news. The nurse left her alone, and Jenn felt the room gradually cool down until she felt as though she needed to shiver. It wasn't the temperature, though, it was the atmosphere itself. A dark, devious form's presence filled the room, and Jenn realized she was figuratively going to die that day.
The figure popped up next to Jenn, causing her to collapse onto the ground and yelp. "Hi!" exclaimed a blonde lady enthusiastically. "I'm Marcia, and you're lovely."
"Oh. Wow, uh, I'm Jenn."