
As always, Jenn planted a kiss on Andrea's reddened cheeks. "Oh, I forgot, you already know this but, uh..." Jenn raised an eyebrow. "I love you."
Jenn smiled, playfully pulling away. "No, I didn't know that, as a matter of fact." Andrea furrowed her eyebrows; Jenn logically should have said it back, but she didn't. She knew she shouldn't worry, Jenn wasn't an expert at anything and probably didn't understand how to continue a conversation like a normal human being. It's just what happens when you're stuck in Pennsylvania with a dysfunctional family and the realization you're homosexual (and a dysfunctional family that does not accept you for it).
"Jenn, you don't smoke much anymore," Andrea commented, facing towards Jenn. She played with Jenn's straight blonde hair, knowing wholeheartedly that it was the only straight thing about her.
Her head shook side to side slowly. "I do, though."
"Not half as much as you used to, babe. It's a good thing you don't, and I'm proud." Andrea leaned in, closing her eyes, then slowly kissing Jenn's nicotine-poisoned lips. For a moment, the brunette wondered if Jenn had smoked enough cigarettes for the nicotine to somehow diffuse into a part of her -- specifically, her lips (she knew she was definitely addicted to those). "I want to spend as much time with you as possible. All the time I have left here, you can have it, Jennifer."
Andrea's addiction got the better of her, and she found herself on top of Jenn just as she had a few minutes before. Jenn looked at Andrea, almost as if to beg her to let them break the "two weeks promise," then shook her head. "We can't do this in my car." She fought her lover back, pushing her away for just a second.
The brunette nipped at her neck, and as much as Jenn enjoyed it, she knew she shouldn't have. "Then let's go to your room," Andrea whispered breathily. "Only if you want."
As if it were the Devil's work, the two started hearing raindrops pouring down outside. The last thing they wanted was for their completely intense making out scene to end up like a cliche romantic movie, but unfortunately, it was exactly that. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," Jenn shouted, slamming her fist into her car with each expletive.
After Andrea fumbled off her, Jenn got out of the car. "It's fine, we'll just go to your room," Andrea said, "I love you." She knew Jenn was capable and willing of saying it back, so she should have no problem saying it, right?
Jenn attempted to open the garage door leading into the house, but the distant music from inside the house remained distant. "The door is locked," Jenn stated grimly.
Andrea went pale. "It's scary outside, we should just call Lauren, or Arden, or someone --"
"Andrea, please calm down. We will be fine. I will go call someone," Jenn assured her, then went as pale as Andrea (which, truly wasn't saying much). "Uh, we've ran into some... minor technical difficulties. You can go call one of them." Jenn slid her dead phone into her back pocket.
The brunette's breath grew ever more apparent -- she absolutely hated this garage, and she hated the rain pouring outside at this moment. Jenn noticed immediately, since the first sign was Andrea pouting at her. She walked towards Andrea, holding her, wrapping the nearly destroyed flannel around her. Andrea smiled, then proceeded to smell it as she handed Jenn her phone.
"I don't know your passcode."
"It's 5366," Andrea replied with a light smirk as she knew Jenn wouldn't understand why.