
The night sky was as raw as it had ever been in Los Angeles. Kalin was illuminated by the moon and stars overhead. "The angels are really showing tonight," a friend of his said, pointing to the stars. Kalin simply nodded at him. "Hey man, what's up?"
Kalin thought about Jenn and about everything that happened in the past day, or days, or whatever it was. He lost track of time after she got evicted.
It isn't like he ever really cared about Jenn so much that he'd die for her (although sometimes it would feel that way), but he just felt bad. He knew at least a fragment of her story, she actually bothered to tell him.
"Nothing," Kalin told his friend, "just a quiet night."
****
Jenn stared at herself in the mirror placed in her room -- Her new room. "You. Are. Alive," she said, just as she had for the last ten minutes. Her hair was up in a bun, she was in loose sweatpants and an even looser sweatshirt.
The past few days were a blur to Jenn, she could barely remember the past ten minutes, and it was only nine in the morning. She knew that a couple of days ago, she moved into Lauren and Arden's, and that a day after, Lauren took her to Ikea to fully furnish her room, but what happened after was a mystery. Jenn decided to quit wasting her time on figuring it out and stepped downstairs for breakfast.
Normally, Jenn would fetch breakfast from Kalin, or she'd make something plain and simple, so as long a cigarette was added in somewhere. Now that Jenn lived with Lauren and Arden, she had the privilege to go out for breakfast. The three would always order the same thing, life seemed to be a routine, and to Jenn, it was more than fantastic.
Today, however, felt strange. Monday was a drag in its entirety, but it simply was odd. Arden was at her afternoon class as usual, Lauren was downstairs working, the house was ominously quiet.
Jenn looked upon Lauren, who laid on a plain, white couch, gawking at her bright laptop screen.
After a few minutes of only the sounds of the two breathing, Lauren scrolling and clicking, and their faint blinks, Lauren managed to notice Jenn. "Oh. Sorry, Jenn, what's up?" she placed the laptop on the floor, approaching Jenn.
"Nothing, I'll go if you're too busy," Jenn said, starting to turn back.
Lauren grabbed her hand firmly. "No, it's alright, Jenn. We can talk."
Jenn bit her lip. "Well, I-I just wanted to see if you wanted company. That's all." She pulled her hand away. Nothing was stopping Jenn's strange day -- First, the unbearable silence took place, then the tension with Lauren.
It wasn't the bad type of tension, either, it was the "Holy-Shit-I-Like-You" (or, as Jenn called it, the HSILY Tension [Patent Pending]) kind of tension. What made this worse was that Jenn had never felt this way before. She found Lauren attractive, but she also found Lana Del Rey attractive, yet there was no sign of the HSILY tension with that.
Lauren chuckled at her. "Okay, Jenn, okay. Sit down, you can get drinks or whatever from the kitchen. If you'd like, of course." And so she did.
Jenn shuffled through the refrigerator recklessly, dropping various vegetables onto the wooden floor. Nothing piqued her interest, it was either organic hippie food or diabetes inducing food. She continued rummaging until she just gave up. "Lauren?" she called.
"Yes, Jenn?"
"I can't find anything."
"Yes, Jenn, that's because we don't have anything." Lauren chuckled and walked into the kitchen. She pulled out a sleek bottle of plain Smirnoff. "Ah, I am afraid we only have thees, comrade."