
"Two more days," Jenn told herself. A smile spread across her face as she turned over to her side. The bed next to her was empty, and the room was a barren wasteland. She laid awfully still, having woken up several minutes before she needed to.
Despite last night's events, Jenn had slept perfectly fine. If there was one thing that kept her up, it wasn't Marcia's spontaneous attack, it was Andrea's confession. She probably would've been content with Andrea just saying she didn't think she was a freak or a stain, although she definitely should've. Yet there Andrea was, admitting she actually liked her.
Jenn turned over to sleep again, only to hear the unfortunate wake-up call from the nurse. One would expect her to be used to it by now, but that was not the case. It was new to Jenn everyday, and everyday, Jenn found something new to hate about it.
When Jenn first arrived, she thought she would once again have to make alliances with others who were admitted. This was not prison, though, and Jenn already antagonized everyone except for Andrea. Andrea didn't count, of course. Making one sane friend and getting to be their love interest was good enough for her.
****
"I'm leaving today," Sex God stated with a cheeky smile, "and I might not be ready, but..."
"But?" Andrea asked.
"But I'll survive, so it's a-okay. One thing this place taught me was that I shouldn't... Shouldn't be afraid anymore. I..."
Andrea sighed. "You what?"
"I should stop lying... It doesn't help. I'll try not to lie. So today I'm going to go out there, and I'm going to only say the truth, never a lie!"
"Good luck getting a girlfriend," Jenn said, gazing over at Andrea. She'd been sneaking peeks at her the entire time.
The boy sat cross-legged in the folding chair, bouncing his leg up and down. He ignored Jenn's remark. "I am not going to lie and be afraid, I'm going to be alive. Today I start my real life with my real name, Luke." Jenn rolled her eyes and gagged internally. "Being alive seems like so much fun. I cannot wait, and that is the truth."
"Well, congratulations, Luke! I'm proud of you! After a month of being here, you're ready to go. Congrats, champ," Andrea exclaimed, prompting everyone to clap.
The boy turned to Jenn. "One thing I have to say to you: You're a-okay. I hope you get better."
"You too, Luke. I hope the lights never go out for you," she told him, knowing he wouldn't get it. She snickered to herself, thinking she was clever.
****
Andrea and Jenn were plopped on a couch instead of their usual folding chair setup. Their hands were intertwined, with Andrea's large hand shadowing Jenn's smaller hand. The blonde's face was overly red, and she couldn't deny it. "Aren't you scared of being whatever the equivalent to being fired is here? I mean, you're holding my hand," Jenn asked.
Andrea shook her head and raised her eyebrows. "You really think this place cares? You worry too much, we'll be fine. I'm only worried about our ship name."
Jenn laughed at Andrea's petty problem. She stared down at their hands every so often, afraid she would gradually become sweaty and Andrea would feel it. "Jenndrea," she suggested.
Andrea tilted her head. "Hm, no. What about Andrenn? Or Anjenn? Like engine?"
Jenn stifled her laughter. "No, no, no. Andrea, it's Jenndrea McRussett. Oh, fuck, it sounds like a farmer."
"McRussett? Who even are you?" Andrea questioned as she started to laugh.