
The blonde stared down, the sheets resembled snow and her mind was in a snowstorm. It was cold, but for the first time, Jenn felt warmth. "Thank you, Lauren. I've kind of known it for a while -- you know, my inevitable falling for you. It's just that you were the only person who really gave a shit about me and didn't just look at me like I was an object, or nonexistent. You looked at me like a person, and I think that's more than I could have ever asked for from you."
Lauren hugged Jenn to the best of her ability. The metal bed frame in the way made it fairly difficult, but Lauren found a way to do it, and Jenn found a way to accept it. The brunette's mind flashed back to multiple moments during their knowledge of each other, landing in on when they met. Lauren smiled as the memory of them meeting came back into her mind.
****
Lauren met Jenn at the local music shop. That was the first time Jenn had been there, and it was the first time Lauren had seen her. Jenn was wearing wrecked black Converse hi-tops, extra tight black jeans, a dark, oversized flannel stating "Music is the answer" on the back of it, and as anyone could guess, the same pair of Ray Bans. She had a cigarette box hanging out of her pocket, earbuds dangling out of her ears, and she didn't even have the slightest smile on her face.
Lauren had approached Jenn, who was picking up a vinyl record. "Lana's great, isn't she?" Lauren asked, attempting to make small talk.
Jenn didn't bother looking up. "Yeah." She put the record down, picking up another one.
"The Smiths are good, too." Lauren cheerfully smiled at the record in Jenn's hands. Jenn stared at Lauren, who merrily went on her way.
"Is everyone in LA like this?" Jenn asked, "Too fucking friendly."
"Do you want me to be an ass?"
Jenn shrugged. "It isn't like you care about anyone else."
Lauren placed a hand on her shoulder, Jenn tensed up at the very second. "Do you care about anyone else?"
"No."
"If I were to die today, and you witnessed it, would you care?"
"No. I don't even know your name. I wouldn't give a fuck."
"My name is Lauren. Now you should 'give a fuck,' damn." Lauren wrote on a slip of paper and handed her it. "Here's my number, you're kind of cool."
Jenn scanned the strip of paper. "There's two numbers on here."
"Yeah, one's a psychiatrist, 'cause there's some shit wrong with you, and the second one is me." Lauren grinned as if it were an actual joke.
Jenn pretended to laugh at the stranger's horrible joke. It was funny, but it would be funnier to Lauren if she knew Jenn already saw a psychiatrist. Or, perhaps, if she knew that she had been severely depressed for the past few years. Just maybe then, it would be funny to her.
"I'm Jenn, anyway. I'll see you around." Jenn picked up a few records, paid for them, and left. Lauren noticed her pull out a cigarette, and wanted to find out more about the stranger. It was just weird, honestly. Jenn was odd, and no one knew her. She blew in from a different town, different state, no one knew anything about her. Los Angeles was a city of strangers.
Months later, Lauren and, who turned out to be her roommate, Arden still didn't know Jenn at all. They noticed a pattern, they would invite her for lunch, she would be wearing basically the same thing as last week, smoking the same brand of cigarettes, and she'd get aggravated for some reason and flip them off. When they invited her to their place, she'd be awkward and not talk. Arden was sure that she didn't ever go out of her apartment, only to buy records and cigarettes.