
Prologue
The sun rose, and with it came the bleeding colors of the sky as it rose in all it’s glory, with the light came the soft cry of a baby girl. A tendril of light had wound its way into her cradle and had laid itself upon her downy cheek. The baby ran her fist along her cheek and whimpered as the light continued to stretch above her. Next to her the other baby stirred but did not wake. The baby girl let out wail of distress as she continued to fail to remove the object of annoyance that had imprinted itself upon her cheek.
Softly two hands reached down into the cradle and lifted her up out of the blankets and cradled her. She whined and waved her tiny hands in the air as she was bathed in the blinding light. The woman cradling her cooed softly and whispered, “Alina my daughter, the light is nothing to fear.”
Alina expressed her strong disagreement with a cry as she rubbed her cheek with her fist again. The woman laughed softly and then holding Alina close to her chest as she passed though the glowing, marble archway and  into the light fully. Alina grew quiet as the light blinded her once more, and then with a whimper she squinted open her eyes. The sky above her was bleeding reds, blues and pinks into an assortment of colors that could never been seen except at Olympus. Clouds passed overhead and Alina watched them in awe as the colors flashed before her eyes without her truly understanding them. As she watched them, they grew in her heart and she laughed as she reached for them with her tiny chubby hands; then she saw a color that touched something deep inside of her and brushed a part of her that she was not even aware of.
Nestled where the sky’s blood had not yet reached, was a patch of midnight blue-black with a tiny star. Alina craned her neck and with a whimper of bewilderment, she reached for it abover her mother's shoulder. Her fist closed as she caught it within her grasp and when she opened her hand it was still abover her head, nestled in the corner that the sky had not yet reached. It was her’s, all her’s, she happily thought as she reached for it again.
The woman cooed softly and tucked her hand back into the blanket before she could capture it again, making Alina whine and squirm as she tried to reach for the patch again. The woman laughed at her daughter's anatics and started back into the nursery. Alina watched the patch of darkness over her mother's shoulder as the sky discovered its hiding place. Slowly, the darkness was becoming light, and Alina smiled as it did. Eventually they passed under the archway and the light grew dimmer as Alina was laid down in her blankets again. The woman smiled and whispered, “Oh my dear Alina, the light is much better than the dark.”
Alina smiled up at the woman’s kind face, agreeing with her partially; after all, the darkness was her’s to keep. Although the light had bled into it and it had disappeared from her view, she still had a piece of it in her heart that was always hers.
I would love to know what everyone thinks of the prologue. The video is the song that I picture for Alina as she grows up, it is called The River Sings, and it is the nightcore version.
The story has a lot more to it, and I hope that I can get fifty votes before I continue it. I just want to know that there are people out there that would want to read it, so if you want to see more or even the nxt chapter, just comment and vote for this story. It would be greatly appreciated. Also, do you think Alina's name is Greek enough?