
"Dean, why are you like this?" Castiel asked, his blue eyes showing nothing but pain. He looks like a child in a trenchcoat.
"Just...go," I tell him. And he does.
~*~*~*~
"Dean, it's getting pretty bad out there," Bobby says, looking out the window. "What'd you do to him?" I sigh, not wanting to get into this.
"I'm heading out," I say, throwing back another glass of whiskey and grabbing the keys to baby. I get in the Impala and turn the music on.
"CARRY ON MY WAYWARD SOOOooOOoN. THERE'LL BE PEACE WHEN YOU ARE DOooNE. LAY YOUR WEARY HEAD TO REEeeEEST. DON'T YOU CRY NO MO-." I take the tape out. God, I hate that song.
"I'm a cowboy. On a steel horse I ride. I'm wanted, WAAAANNNNNTTTTEEEEEEEEEEDDDD, dead or alive," I sing along. This is better. Secretly, I am in love with Cas. I swore to myself that I would never tell anyone, though lately it has been hard to keep quiet about. He is adorable, with all of the references he doesn't understand and his cute little head tilt. (A/N Cas hasn't fallen at this point.)
The rain starts falling harder as I think of him, and suddenly lightning flashes across the night sky.
"Hello, Dean," I slam the brakes, and the car slides on the wet pavement.
"Dammit Cas. You tryin' to kill me?" He sighs and looks out the passenger window. I regret what I said immediately.
"Let's go back to Bobby's," he says quietly.
~*~*~*~*~
"Cas! You're alright!" Sam yells. He nods, and gives me a look telling me to follow him. We go to the basement, into the panic room.
"Dean -"
"Shh. Let me talk first. I'm sorry. I was pushing you away, and I am sorry. I can't change the past, but... I'm sorry. If that means anything to you." I look back to see tears forming in his eyes. "Cas, what's wrong?" He falls against my chest.
"I love you, Dean." I am taken aback. He loves me? He starts to step away, but I grab him and kiss him just as lightning flashes.
"I love you too, Cas," I say, just as Bobby steps into the room.
"Humph," he says, before going back upstairs. "You owe me twenty, Sam!"
A/N: If you're reading this in 2015, the newer ones are better than these. I'm more experienced now.
.A/N Sorry, I know it's super short. But, it IS my first short/one shot type thing. I hope you liked it.