
Disclaimer: I do not own Teen Wolf. I only own my characters. I do not own the Teen Wolf cast.
-------------------------------------
[part one]
Aaron's POV
As I dance to the music as I see three of the guards coming towards Kira, Malia and I. So I knock the lady out while Kira takes one out. Malia and Scott then take one out and grabs the walkie talkie and says,"Stiles, take ten off the table".
We exit the club and walk into a hallway to be sprayed on with smoke. "Wolfsbane. It's wolfsbane! Kira! Kira, get out of here!" I hear Scott yelling to Kira while coughing. But it's too late. Someone knocks her out.
"Someone who has been an Alpha only a few months should be more careful when facing a hunter of 40 years.", Araya speaks.
"All we want is Derek.", Scott says to her.
"My lobito, you're a long way from home.", She replies.
"You don't know where he is either.",he says. He then gets zapped by a tazor and passes out.
Scott's POV
FLASHBACK
"Ok, so how long has it been?", I ask Stiles walking through the door.
"Weeks.", Stiles replies to me.
"He hasn't gotten back to any of my texts."
"Has Derek ever returned your texts?"
"Once. Definitely once."
"But this time it felt different. So I went to the loft. The alarm was on. Everything looked okay. But then I found these.", I paused taking out a jar with bullets,"So I sent a picture of it to Deaton. He said that it's the mark of a family of hunters based out of Mexico.....The Calaveras."
"What would they want with Derek? You don't think they killed him, do you?", Stiles asked furrowing his eyebrows in confusion.
"I-I don't know.", I stuttered, "That's why you're here", nodded to Lydia. Lydia then takes a hand full of bullets.
"Lydia, what? Is he dead?", Stiles ask since she dropped the bullets.
"No. But I'm not sure he's alive either.", Lydia finally says unsure.
"What does that mean?", Stiles asks her.
"I don't know. There's something not right. I just I don't know.", Lydia says still very unsure.
"So if the Calaveras have him, how do we find them?", Stiles asks.
"Mexico.", I replied.
END OF FLASHBACK
"He's awake. Guys, he's awake.", I hear Kira say to the others.
"Scott, you okay?", Stiles asks worried.
"Yeah. They don't have him. They don't have Derek.", I say remembering the flashback.
"We know. But right now, they've got Lydia.", Kira says.
"Lydia? What do they want with Lydia?", I asked confused of why they want her.
Lydia's POV
"I have to admit I don't have much experience with Banshees.", Araya says while pouring a cup of tea.
"That makes two of us, since I don't have much experience being one.", I say honestly with a blank expression.