
I woke up to my stupid alarm clock telling me that it's time for me to get up and go to school. I crawl out of bed and walk to the bathroom. I look at myself in the mirror. My name is Avery Powers. Nothing special about me really. I've experienced a lot of pain for an 18 year old girl. No I'm not strong I just learned to get used to life thrusting negativity at me.  I dragged myself into the shower and washed up. I washed my long curly hair. I got out the shower and wrapped a towel around me and one around my hair. I walked to my closet to pick out an outfit for my first day at a new school. I picked out light color ripped jeans and a navy blue short sleeve shirt. I dried off and put the clothes on me. I grabbed my navy blue vans and put my curly brown hair in a ponytail. I put on some lip gloss. I don't like makeup. Just a little gloss. I walked downstairs to be greeted by a plate full of pancakes and bacon
Aunt: good morning sweetie. are you ready for your first day?
Avery: sure.
Aunt: come on. lighten up honey. maybe you'll meet a cute boy.
Avery:  Like anyone would be interested in a girl like me
Aunt:  Ave you're beautiful. Any guy would be lucky to have you
Avery:  I wish.
I ate my breakfast and grabbed my backpack off the steps.
Avery:  Bye Auntie
Aunt: Bye Ave. have a good day.
I walked down the street to my bus stop. I took a deep breath. Today can't be so bad right? I put my earbuds in and listen to my music. Music is my only escape from the real world. it has helped me through all I've been through especially with Ben. I get nauseous just thinking about him. Ben is my abusive ex. He would beat me if I didn't do something exactly how he wanted it. It got so bad that he used me for his own pleasure. He slipped drugs in my drink. It knocked me out cold. When I woke up I was unclothed and tied to the bed. Ben was next to me panting and sweaty. Yes. He raped me. And not only once. He caught me walking home one time. He took me to his house and forced me to do it with him. Luckily I didn't get pregnant. I've always been scared that Ben would come back and get me. He and his family moved to Seattle. It would be a nightmare if he ever came back. I saw my bus coming down the street and took a deep breath. i climbed on and sat in the back by myself. It was a somewhat smooth ride. I got a couple of looks from some guys. I guess because I was new. We arrived at the school and I walked inside. It was huge. I looked at my schedule. First block ChemistryMr. Hall. I walked down the hall until I finally found the class just before the bell rang.
Mr Hall:  there she is. Class this is our new student. Ms.....
Avery:  Avery Powers
Mr Hall:  Avery. you can take the seat next to Michael. Michael raise your hand.
A caramel skinned, curly haired boy raised his hand. He was so handsome and had a perfect smile. He was gorgeous. I took the seat next to him.
Michael: Hi my name is Michael
Avery:  I'm Avery
Michael: That's a beautiful name
Avery:  Thank you
I could feel myself blush. Maybe this is the start of something new and special
please vote and leave comments