
Kai and Julip woke up Saturday Morning and drove to The Loft .The loft is a Cafe'that everyone goes to. " Julip, Kai said mesmerized. What is this place? " " This my friend is The Loft. .. this is where everyone goes morning, evening, and night." "On Thursdays they have poetry nights which is the best. Now I'm hungry let's go inside!" Julip says with her stomach grumbling. " Hey Julip, why is Courtnie here? Kai says confused. " Courtnie had broken up with the P.I.N. clique so she's gong through a lot, I think? " Julip glances at Courtnie, but at the wrong time because Courtnie went up to them. "Hi. Courtnie says in a quiet motorate voice. Look I'm sorry I'm really really sorry I hurt you guys ." Courtnie was about to cry and Julip and Kai are confused. " What are you talking about?" Kai asked not knowing anything about this. " Okay so yesterday I was in your room and and and and. Courtnie muttered, "And what!" Julip said getting impatient. And I put it in the school newspaper that your parents abandoned you and that you have stole Patricias silver charm bracelet. I guess that wasn't so hard after all ."Courtnie said relieved. Kai had her mouth wide open and her face was motionless. .. Then she got up and never returned.
" WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU!!!!!!" Julip yelled and everyone in the loft stared at her . " It's not my fault! Courtnie said in a normal voice. " "not your fault, not your fault, NOT YOUR FAULT!!!! THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT!! AND NOW MY ONLY FRIEND IS GONE!!!!! G O N TO THE FRICKING E!!!!!!!! " Julip ran out the door before she did anything she regretted but not to her knowledge she already did. " Courtnie was left there in the lot and let out a small grin. 8:30 pm Three hours since Kai and Julip ran away. The whole school is looking for them. The police even got involved.
Panting , running, stop. Panting, running, stop. Kai is running through the city trying to cope with everything that happened. But the words Courtnie told her stuck in her mind like glue. Your parents abandoned you. You stole Patricias charm bracelet. Kai had a mental breakdown. " Aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh! Kai yells with tears down her face. IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT? ! ARE YOU HAPPY MOM AND DAD HUH!!!!!!!" Kai sat down in the woods near the small highway that barely has cars drive by and just cried and cried and cried. But then suddenly stopped and had an idea. She grabbed the crumbled up recite from the store and found a crappy pen on the ground and wrote a note to Julip. Julip, I need your help. There's not much time .The're coming for me.I had to leave the lot. For a good reason.Not because of Courtnie.But because of something else. Listen . I'm going away for a while .So . Don't think I'm missing. Go to Abaline, TX and go to this address. 6655 South Ember Dr.-rd +loop.Bye. Kai ~
Kai left the woods and headed to her destination which turned out to be Rosewood. And she knew Julip would find her but she didn't know that someone else would find her too.
Meanwhile with Julip...
"This is all your fault Courtnie!!! If you would of just left us alone none of this would of happened. " Kai had been yelling at Courtnie for 3 hours straight. And Courtnie tries to tell Julip she's sorry but Julip won't forgive hey and would start another argument about why this is all her fault. "And to think today was almost just another normal day." Julip said sitting on her bed in panic. " Umm Kai... Courtnie says looking at something. Where are the rest of the school asks why haven't they called us for breakfast? " "Ummmm it's Saturday and I don't really care I just want to find Kai. Julip says leaving the school and never going to prenton or seeing anyone ever again.
Kai woke up on the middle of nowhere to see a boy with decent hair and shirtless with nice abs . " Hey you woke up. For a second there i thought you were dead. What's your name? " The boy said in a manly but kid voice . " Umm first where am I and why am I at your house and before I tell you anything, you have to promise me that you're not a stalker or something . " Kai said looking very serious and kinda scary looking. The boy grins and looks at something then turns back at Kai. " Alright let me take you to our local store and we can have breakfast there." The boy said putting on a shirt.
Julip: "I can't take this anymore  I,I,I can't find Kai. Kai was actually actually my sister and what if she's dead... I can't live." And with that Julip ran to the bridge and pulled out a pocket knife and cut her arm .She dropped the knife and a note and fell into the river.