
Kai borded the plane feeling nervous.
As she borded the plane she saw the flight attendants in the mini dress. " Please
take your seat." the flight attendant said sounding firm but nice voice. "Um I don't know where to sit." Kai said feeling embarrassed while everyone else is seated watching her. "Let me see your boarding pass." the flight attendant said with a cheesy smile. Kai gave her the boarding pass hesitantly.  "Oh my, it seems like you're in first class. Now follow me to the front. " the flight attendant said with her hand gesturing to the blue curtain.  Kai enters, "Oh my gosh this plane is awesome there's beds on this side and a TV, cool." Kai feeling flabbergasted . " Please have your seat miss Kai, your travel agent will be with you shortly." The flight attendant said with a fake smile. A travel agent cool. Kai thought. Then a man with a black suit came in sitting on the edge of the bed while Kai was snacking on the peanuts. The man leaned in and started to talk " Listen little girl my agency has to drop you from your special pri........" Before he could finish his sentence he got up and pulled out a gun out of his briefcase and said "Jump little girl or die." "WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON, I'M NOT GONNA JUMP,YOU MUST BE CRAZY!" Kai said feeling scared. " OK then prepare to die. As the man pulled the trigger Kai said "WAIT!!... I will jump. " Kai said feeling scared. " Okay the man said "bye bye baby." As soon as Kai jumped she saw a while light and all of a sudden Kai woke up on her bed at home. " Good morning sweet pie." Kai's mom said "Wait what happened? " Kai said feeling confused "You had a bad dream screaming and crying anyways its time to get up for your first day of school! " Kai's mom said trying to sound cheerful.  "Mom, it's the first day of school for me everyone else it's the 4th month of school for them." How will I make friends they have their cliques asks I'm the dead meat." Kai said feeling mad. "Sweet heart you will be fine come on we gotta go. " Kai's mom said. Kai gets her backpack and heads out the door, as she heads out she thought she heard her mom say on the phone "phase one completed." Kai remembered that and closed the door quietly and waited in the car.