
Kai started to walked to her new school, and she found it to be the most snotty school she had ever seen. " Excuse me." Kai said trying to dodge the kids blocking the door. "Watch where you're going you ugly dressing idiot! " The kids at the door said. " Obviously these kids haven't learned manners yet." Kai said to herself feeling stunned. Then a group of girls walking in slow motion in the hallway like those chick flick movies. The leader of the group was wearing a pink half shirt with pink high waisted pants. Then she had a pink hair pin with a butterfly that had gold in it, with her hair down with pink highlights. Next there was another girl wearing a purple skirt with purple tights, a purple half shirt and a purple half jacket, with the same hair pin except it's purple and there's a fish instead of a butterfly. Last but not least there's the last girl who has a green dress on with green shoes, a green bow in her hair, a green purse, and last a green dragon hair pin just like the other girls. The girls walked up to Kai and said "who are you to be walking in our side of the hallway? " " I'm Kai and I can walk where ever I want and FYI hair pins are so last year, now if you will excuse me I have to go to class." Kai said feeling victorious until the girls got back in front of Kai and said" Little girl I don't know who you are but you will not walk up in this school and act like you're all big and bad do you understand? " Kai felt angry and intimidated so Kai got in the leaders face and said" Sorry I don't understand I don't speak ignorance. And FYI I own this hallway now!" and Kai walked away. If there's one thing Kai liked to do it was getting the last word.
Kai walking to her first period class which was history. The girl in the green was there in the front of the classroom,but was looking at her in the corner of her eye. Then a fairly tall but stern looking woman with long brown hair that goes to her butt and brown eyes almost somebody you would see in Americas Next Top Model except for her outfit which was an all black skirt set with a matching top. "Hello class, please turn to page 101 in your science notebooks." Kai looking puzzled wondering if she's gonna introduce her to the class. Then the girl with all of the green said out loud "we have a new student in our class ms Burnett". The teacher gazing her eyes towards Kai with a nice look in her eyes said. "Oh.. hello.. ms..?" Donahue!" Kai said loudly. "I mean Donahue. " Kai said a little bit softer. "Hi! I am ms Burnett and I teach Texas History and hopefully we will have a great year together. " She said with a smile. "Now. Who's your next teacher?" She asked. Kai answered "Mrs Wakefield. " Terrific" the teacher said. "Courtnie, you will show ms Donahue to all of her classes and take her 3 minutes early to them. Is that understood? "Ms Burnett said firmly. "Yes." Courtnie said mumbling under her breath. "Now go. Class is about to be over. "Ms Burnett said smiling at Kai and Courtnie. Kai and Courtnie walked down the hallway in an awkward silence. So Kai decided to start the conversation. "So.. are you gonna be mean to me too?" Kai asked talking softly. "No..." Courtnie said loud . "Listen. Courtnie said "just because I'm walking you around like a little baby does not mean you have any right to talk to me. Understood..." Courtnie said with a fake smile. Then right before Kai was about to say something she retaliated asks broke out in a fight. Punch, kick, jab punch, kick stab. Blood in the ground. A pencil dripping blood. Just blood everywhere..... Courtnie unconscious and unable to move. Coughing up blood and Kai smiling. Then Courtnie repeated something hello she said in a faint voice. Then get voice grew louder... hello. .... Hello! HELLO!!!!! Then Kai snapped back in reality. "Yeah whatever " Kai said zoning out. Kai and Courtnie got to ms Wakefield's class which was science. " You can go know, I don't need you to babysit me. " Kai said. " I would love to but unfortunately I have the same class as you" Courtnie said while rolling her eyes. Then before she could say anything the bell rung brrrinnng. Students running everywhere to their classes left and right Then the clique came to the class. Kill me now Kai thought. Then an African American woman with a blue blazer on walked in the room. " Good morning class the teacher said with a smile, today we have a new student, her name is Kai so please make Kai feel welcome. And of course she wasn't welcomed. People threw paper, food, spit balls, pencils, and all kinds of things at her. " Thank goodness lunch is next period, Kai said to herself. " feeling relieved. At lunch the cliques sat with each other, so Kai felt like an outcast. Then a group of girls started dance battling. One group did something and the other did something so it was a pattern. Kai curious, she gets closer to the battle. Then a girl with black dred locks started dancing towards her. So Kai puts her tray down and starts krumping and all the girls in the room turned around and looked. Silence filled the air............ Then Patricia clique started laughing at Kai and then it got ugly. Kai grabbed her tray and dumped all the food on Patricias shirt and jeans. Patricia threw her spaghetti at Kai's hair, then it became a food fight. Kai saw the principal walking into the cafeteria, so Kai ran out the back doors crying. Then she saw a girl with long black hair and baggy jeans sit down behind the school. " Are you okay? " The girl said trying to feel sympathetic, "No! Kai said, all my life I felt like I didn't belong anywhere, and I don't" Kai said. " Why do you even care? " Kai asked. " Who are you? " Kai asked almost yelling at the girl. " Well first of all I've been in your shoes 8 times, because I moved all over the states with my dad in the military, and now we live here for good because he retired. And secondly my name is Julip, Julip Jones. " She said. Kai, burst out laughing, "I'm sorry Kai said in between laughs. " It's fine . Julip said I think it is funny too. Julip began laughing at herself. " So, what do you want to do? " Kai asked. " Well, we could go back inside, I'm pretty sure the principal is looking for us. Julip said with a smile, " Okay, I guess" Kai said sighing. So Kai and Julip went inside the cafeteria, surprisingly to see Patricia crying while the principal is yelling at her. " Wow talk about corprit punishment huh." Kai whispered to Julip . " Yeah, Well if you look at that "Julip whispered back , still keeping her eye contact on Patricia and the principle. Then a bell rung brrrinnng . "Go to your study right now! " The principal said yelling really loud. Then get attention turned in Kai and Julip , .Now you two girls, welcome to Preston Sording School! She said in a cheerful voice. Julip , please escort... what's your name dear?" Kai" Kai asked nervously. " Kai, yes our new student, please escort her to her room, I hope you have a pleasant stay here. " the principal said smiling at Kai and Julip. " What did she mean my room?" Kai asked fearfully. " Oh you didn't know, this is a boarding school and you live here until you graduate, but don't worry you visit your parents every month. So where's your things? Julip asked. " Wait wait wait a boarding school! My mom took me to a boarding school! " Calm down Kai," Julip said. " It will be OK. We will get through this together. " Now let's make a quick field trip to your house to get your things. " "What about the principal? " Kai asked in a low voice. "We will ask her. Come on.. Julip said. Smiling. So Kai and Julip went to the principals office to talk to the principal . Knock knock knock. ... " come in! " The principal said in a quiet voice. " Hello ms. Hernandez, Kai dosent have any clothes with her, so I was wondering if I could go to her to her house?" Julip said politely. " Of coarse! Ms Hernandez said, but be back by 9:00 pm okay? " Yes Ms Hernandez! " both of the girls said"