
This room is dark, and very lonely. Nothing is in here except for I, a small forgotten angel.
This room is very small, it only fits a small closet, bed & a small rectangular window.
I've been in here for about four years now, I don't know why. i must have forgotten.
Maybe it's because I shut the whole world out.
Shutting every thing, and everyone to the side.
I even tried committing suicide a few times.
It never worked.
------------------
I sit in a small corner, my pale white fragile wings covering my body as I hugged my legs close to my chest;
I keep my meteor bow close to me, incase anything weird happens and someone walks into this blank room on me.
But I doubt it.
The door doesn't even look like a door from the outside.
It's just a plain wall, with a small, unnoticeable doorknob. unless someone things it's suspicious and walks in.
But really no one walked in..
No one cared to find out were I was.
No one
Not even the goddess of light herself.
I slightly looked up at the window, seeing light leak through it.
Wait..
Pink?
Blue?
Green?
Are that the light that comes from the arrows that pit uses?
Whatever. if their in a battle, they can leave it up to the hero who can't fly
Even if I where to go out there; no one would ever recognize me for my help.
I'd just get forgotten.
Again.
Well.. speaking of the army that put leads or instructs or whatever, I'm the 1st lieutenant of his army, I work right under him.
How could they forget about their first lieutenant?
Well, who cares. it's not like they need me anyway, I'm a lonely broken girl with nowhere to go, has to sneak out side to grab food and supplies,
I'd rather stay alone.
--------------------
Hello minna!
I'm going to have this fanfic based off of uprising, sense it's the only game out of the series I've played xD
But anyways.. I wrote a better version of this the first time I wrote it but I forgot to save it so i had to start over D:
Plus it was funny
And this is just sad
Well follow vote & do all that other stuffz c:
- Loreno1