
"You would never guess what Jayden told me yesterday"Tracy turns to me.
"What?"I ask.
"He said that he loves Sophia and that he thinks she's really pretty"She says.
"Aww"Me, Jeanette, and my mom say.
Sophia has a crush.
I look around and spot Jayden eating cake with the other kids.
He's grown a lot too. I still can't believe he's almost four.
"Hey"I turn to see Connor. He gives me a hug and then goes to kiss Jeanette.
I hear the door bell ring and I hurry to the door.
When I open it, Madison, Chaz, Selena, and Kenny walk in with gifts in their hands.
"Hey"I say and give them each a hug.
"Where's Sophia?"Selena asks.
"In the living room, Justin is serving cake if you guys want any"I say.
"Ooh, Cake"Chaz hurries into the living room. They all follow him while I go put the gifts on the gift table.
"Hey"I hug Pattie.
I hug Scooter and Usher as well.
"I love all the party decorations"Usher says.
"Yea, Sophia is obsessed with the Frozen. She knows all the words to all the songs"I say.
"Who knows? Maybe she'll be a big singer like you and Justin one day"Scooter says.
"Ever since she saw high school musical that one time, she thinks her life is a musical. She sings all the time"I say and they laugh.
"So, any more kids coming that we should know of?"Scooter asks me and I laugh instantly knowing he's referring to if I'm having another child.
"No, not right now at least"I laugh.
"How about you and Pattie?"I wiggle my eyebrows joking around.
"Whoa, Justin was enough"Pattie says and I laugh again.
"Hey sis, should we put the movie on now for the kids?"Frankie comes up to me holding Frozen.
"Sure"I say and follow him to the flat screen.
I put the movie in while Frankie calls for all the kids to come.
Everyone takes a seat on the couch or on the chairs we have set up.
I press play and then head to the kitchen to get something to drink.
I open the fridge and grab a water bottle.
I begin to drink it, savoring it's pure taste.
I soon feel arms wrap around me.
"Hey baby girl"Justin whispers in my ear.
I turn around so I'm completely facing him.
"Your thirsty? I can give it to you better than water can"He smiles and I smack his arm at his bad and perverted joke.
He just laughs at me and I roll my eyes.
I close the bottle and wrap my arms around his neck while he wraps his arms around my waist again.
"Three years old huh? She's grown so much"He says referring to Sophia.
"Tell me about it"I say.
He leans in to give me a kiss but I dodge it and manage to get out his grip. I try to run away but he grabs my waist and spins me around in the air making me shriek.