
Chapter 1: Sophia turns three
Ariana's P.O.V.
"Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday dear Sophia, Happy Birthday to you!"We all sing as we surround her in front of her cake.
She blows out her three candles and we all clap for her.
Justin helps her cut a piece of her "Frozen" cake while I take a picture.
The whole birthday party is based on Frozen. She's crazily, obsessed with the movie. She watches it at least three times a week.
We invited only close friends and family to celebrate with us today. We also invited a few of Sophia's friends too.
"Can you believe she's three already?"My mom comes and stands next to me.
"I really can't, time has just flew by so fast"I shake my head in disbelief.
To be honest a lot has happened the past three years.
After Isabelle was born, Justin told Scooter about my talent to sing. I sang a few songs for him and bam, I was signed.
In a few months, my second album 'My Everything' will be released.
I have grown really huge in the celebrity world. I have over a million fans over the world.
I didn't think I would get very far to tell the truth, but now look at me.
Sometimes it's hard to believe that I'm famous. I forget a lot.
I really do love my job, the only part I hate is The paparazzi. They just drive me insane how they follow me everywhere. I knew they were obnoxious and annoying when me and Justin hung out but I didn't know they were this annoying.
Sophia has grown used to all the flashing lights and the idiotic ways of the paparazzi. Isabelle hasn't though. She cries every time they crowd around us.
Speaking of
Isabelle, she's grown a lot too. She turned two a few weeks ago.
Justin is also continuing his career for all his fans. He's currently working on a new album. It most likely won't come out until next year though.
He hired four security guards to watch over us since the paparazzi. He even installed security alarms and all this other stuff in the house so we can be safe. That way no one can come in with out our permission or else the alarm will go off immediately signaling the police.
I'm just really glad our fans are supportive of us having kids being still young and all.
"Soon Sophia will be all grown up and walking down the aisle to her one true love"My mom continues to talk.
"Let's hope she doesn't get married before me now"I chuckle making her laugh.
"Don't worry, Justin will come through. You just have to wait and be patient"She says.
"I've been waiting for over two years mom"I sigh.
"You may be ready Ariana but he may not"She says.
"Your probably right"I say.
Tracy and Jeanette walk over and join the conversation.
"Sophia has grown so much"Tracy laughs.
"I agree, seems like yesterday she was just born"Jeanette says.
"Hopefully your next"I poke her stomach.
"Maybe"she shrugs.