
-
-
CHAPTER ONE
-
-
Getting up this morning I felt abandoned, ashamed, and mistreated. He left me, when he would always tell me he loved me and he would never, ever, leave me.
"Ariana, you are my everything, I promise we're gonna grow old together," He told me, one night when we went on our one-year anniversary date.
My dreams have been shattered, my heart has been broken into millions of pieces, my soul has been lost in myself. He took everything from me and didn't, not once, look back.
Today I have to go outside in the cold, for some reason the cold is better then being hot in the house.
Locking the front door behind me I sighed heavily. It was freezing cold outside but I felt better than last night, I couldn't sleep, I was tossing and turning but it's been part of my routine of sleep for a few weeks now.
"He left.... And d-didn't look back," I muttered to myself. But the thing is I remember everything that happened, but I don't exactly remember what he looks like, I know it sounds weird but everyday my mind forgets something about him.
Tears were blurring my vision as I walked carefully on the ice cold sidewalk, I didn't want to fall what so ever.
"Grande? Ariana Grande?" A lady called out, she was standing by her front door, and with a woman next to her.
"Hm? Do i know you?" I asked, stopping in front of their lawn.
"Your always outside nowadays, you used to be inside your house with your husband," The old lady stated, grinning warmly. To me there was nothing to smile about with that topic, and he wasn't even my husband. He was a boy who played with my heart and when I fell face first for him he broke me.
"Mom," The woman next to her glanced at the old lady, giving me a embarrassed smile.
"He was not husband," I inform her, clearing my throat, and taking a look at the woman before looking back up at them. "We're broken up now."
"Oh.... I'm sorry," The old lady becomes apologetic, raising a hand at her wrong.
"It's okay," I plant a smile, a sad smile.
"Mom that's enough, you made her upset, sorry miss," The woman takes a hold of her mother's hand, carefully bringing her down the small steps.
"It's fine," I say. "Bye," Speaking low I continue my walk, wiping my tears and walking slowly.
(~*~)
Finally arriving to the park I sit on the cold, brown bench. Nobody was here so that gave me lots of peace. Setting my purse into my lap I instantly feel hot and feel this morning's breakfast coming up. I immediately pull out the brown paper bag out of my purse and throw up.
"Are you okay?" Someone asks, in concern, causing me to jump a little.
"Huh? Uh, yeah," I say turning around. Behind the bench I'm sitting on was a blonde haired boy. His blue eyes caught my attention, along with his piercing.
"Sorry, I just saw you throwing up, it's kinda hard for me to ignore that when your alone in the park, if you get what I'm saying," He talks again, his australian accent coming in.
"Well, thank you," I thank him, closing the warm paper bag.
"Mind if I sit?" He points to the spot next to me. When I smile gently and nod in response he takes a seat, a huge warm smile plastered on his face.