
How Do You Know When It's Time To Move On??
I have been stuck on a nigga who obviously doesn't feel the same. Was I just a quick nut? Was it just for the moment? All those questions were running through my head.
I'm sittin here at this doctors office waiting on my results. Dammit why didn't he wrap it up? Is this good or bad for us?
The doctor walked in with a smile on her face. I automatically broke down.
"Well Ms. Ross you are indeed pregnant."
Those words threw me off, confused me, and put a smile on my face at the same time.
Although it was a one night stand deep down I kept wondering if it was something more. Telling him I was pregnant was the hardest part. For a long time he denied our child and kept saying I trapped him.
But when our son was born all of that shit didn't matter. The fights we had before,the hurtful things we said it didn't matter cuz we have a baby boy.
I can't help but feel like what if Me and Ja'Quan actually got together. I just wanted attention I was young and naive I just wanted love. He showed me tht night, but it only lasted that night.
He always tells me "I got love for you but I'm not in love with you", I get so frustrated. You would think I've gotten over him by now but everyday I think about what could be. Im only 19 and he is 22.
Let me introduce myself. My name is Malaysia Hernandez. I'm 19 years old. I have a nice body. My hair stops at the bottom of my butt it is super long. I'm mixed with black and Indian. My momma left when I was born and my daddy over dosed on drugs two years after my sister Tiara was born. It's just me, my sister, and my pride and joy.i can't forget about my R.O.D Taylan. I own a dance studio called $treets . I'm trying to move my way up to celebrities.
I have a 1 year old son named Caden Jackson. I love my son more than I love myself and I would do anything for him.
I always think back on tht night at the club tryin to grasp why me and not some other broad.
******Flash back"He is so damn fine", I express to Taylan. I was looking at Ja'Quan fine ass. He was looking me and my eyes and I was looking at him. We at club Lyric and everybody and they momma here. I had on some acid washed blue jean shorts, my Last Kings cropped hoodie and my Jordan 6 Infrareds. My long light brown hair was flowing down to the end of my butt.
"Girl he a playa be just want yo punani",she rolls her eyes"im Finna go get us some drinks",and off she goes to the bar.
Someone's arms snake around my waist. Wat the he...."Hey ma how you doing", I look up and o my jesus I can't take it he a gift from God. It's Ja'Quan or aka Shootah.
"H-hi",shit I'm stuttering.He lets out a sexy chuckle,"dont be shy lil momma aye how about u and yo homegirl come to V.I.P with me and my homeboys", he nods his head over to a group of fine niggas.
Don't mind if I do.
When Tey comes back with our drinks we go over to V.I.P and Quan pulls me on his lap. I blush and pull out the freshly rolled blunt out my hoodie pocket.
"You smoke lil momma", he says looking at me with his low and red eyes.
I take a long drag and blow perfect circles,"You ain't noe baby then u sleep on me", I take another drag and blow it into his mouth and he blows it out his nose. Sexiest shit ever.
"Come home with me ma", he said kissing my neck lightly over and over.
A moan slipped out. I don't noe if it was me or the liquor talking usually I would say hell naw nigga I ain't a easy hoe.But the liquor was getting to me but I replied with, "Sure but i ain't these easy hoes u just getting lucky", I kiss his cheek and stumble behind him as we head to his car.