
I hate it. I hate it all. Everything was stolen from me, and I didn’t even do anything wrong. I sometimes wonder if it was a “wrong place at the wrong time” kind of thing. It’s an easier thought than thinking that Psycho handpicked me, thinking that I was the perfect girl to have her whole life ruined.

I’m sixteen. I should be in high school, falling in love with the perfect guy and hanging out with best friends. I should know what football is because I’ve seen it, not read about it.
I should be able to walk the streets, run through the forest, drive a car, and learn Algebra. Instead I’m trapped here, never to leave or live a normal life. It’s not fair. Nothing is fair in my life. And with every passing year, I’m coming to realize that I may never escape either. Tears spring to my eyes, and I wipe them away.
I hear my African grey parrot chirp, and I turn my head to his direction. He sits happily on his bird perch that is in the left corner of the room, on the wall where the steel door is.
I smile. “Good morning.”
“Good morning!” He says in his funny little bird voice, causing me to laugh. I never did get over the fact of how funny he sounded. His name is Polly. I named him that to spite Psycho; because he hated anything I did that made connections with the outside world. Polly connected with the outside world because it was a popular bird’s name. I read that in a few books. I remember that in one book, this character said that to name a bird that would be cliché. I’m not fully sure what cliché means, but if it makes me normal I want to be as cliché as possible.
“Polly hungry.” Polly complains.
I laughed. “Well aren’t you bossy?” I ask, putting my hands on my hips and looking at him.
“Polly hungry.” He repeats, looking at me expectantly.
“Okay, okay!” I say, giggling at him. He turns his head to the side, listening. “I’ll go get it now.”
Trembling, I begin to stand up. My legs shake under me, and I grasp my bed for support. I slowly make my way to Polly, where under his perch is his bag of bird food. I pick it up, shakily pouring some food into his food dish and smiling.
“Say thank you.” I tell him.
“Say thank you.” He repeats after me, digging into his food. I laugh, shaking my head. He’s never going to learn what I mean by that.
I go back to my bed and sit down, sighing as I feel my legs still shaking. It was just another bad thing added to my already bad nightmare. I always assumed that they shook like that from lack of exercise. It had only started four months ago, and it was just getting worse and worse as the days went on. I needed to tell Danny about it. He was deluded, but he wasn’t cruel. He’d at least do something to help me. I know he would.
Thinking of Danny reminded me that he would probably come to see me soon. He always came to see me before work. After work he’d bring me dinner, and sometime after dinner he’d come to see me for a little bit. Sometimes he’d stay and talk to me for a while, and other times he’d only stay for a little bit. I didn’t mind either way. If he stayed longer it’d give me someone, a human, to talk to. Polly was an amazing bird and all, but he wasn’t a human and could never give me the kind of conversation that I needed. As much as I didn’t like Danny for the fact that he wouldn’t let me go, he was someone, and he wasn’t an absolute jerk like his father. I could at least get along with him.
I hear the locks being removed, and my heart speeds up. A part of me put it in my mind that today could be the day I’d escape, the day where I’d see my family and get my happily ever after. As the door opens to reveal Danny’s tall figure I mentally scowl at myself. Danny is never going to let me go, he is just as bad as his father in that.