
Like he does every day, he walks in with a plate and water. His eyes are red, his hair a mess; tall and scraggly is how I’d describe him. His frown is evident like it always is, and he looks at me in disapproval. He doesn’t like me. As a matter of fact, he may even hate me. I always thought that the only reason he kept me alive was because of Danny. He does seem to somewhat care about his son.
He makes a sudden movement and I flinch back, moving across my bed and away from him. My heart speeds up. Please don’t hurt me, please don’t hurt me, please don’t hurt me. I plead in my head. I can hear Polly moving around, making a bunch of noise. I can tell he’s upset because of him being in the room.
He just smirks, seeming amused by my fear. “You’re so fidgety. I ain’t gonna do nothin’ to ya.” He turns around and goes out the door, but before closing it he adds, “Or at least not today.”
I hear the squeal of the metal door as he closes it; the bolts snapping into place are so clear in my mind it’s like a memorized line. Every day I hear them, locking me in this dungeon so there’s no escape for me. I hear creaking, and footsteps as he slowly walks away, taunting me even as he leaves. He wants me to snap; he wants there to be a reason to hurt me. He’s a sadist; he enjoys my pain. He enjoys seeing how my life was ruined, how he took everything away from me. But he knows he can’t do anything to me without a reason or Danny will jump to my aid. Danny is the only thing keeping me protected from that monster. But really, Danny wasn’t any better. He kept me locked in this dungeon too.
I look at the food he had brought in here: a ham and cheese sandwich with a glass of water. I push it away. I don’t know what he put in there, for all I know it’s drugged. I never trusted that man and I never will.
I put the food on the cement ground, and then I lean back on my bed and sleep.

I awake to hearing louds voices booming. I listen closely, trying to see if Danny or his father made a slipup and let someone inside. But I recognize the voices; it’s just Danny and his father. Disappointed, I sigh. Will I ever escape this prison? But wait, why are they being so loud? Are they fighting?
I shakily get up, holding onto my bed as I make my way to the door. I put my ear to it and listen closely.
“You keep your mouth shut, do you hear me?” His father lowly growls.
There’s more mumbling, but I can’t catch their words. I wonder what dear old daddy is trying to keep Danny from saying, it must be important. Better yet, who is he trying to keep him from telling? Could it be me? Probably. My curiosity perks. I need to find out what they’re hiding.
Suddenly everything is quiet, and I know something’s up. Do they know I’m listening?
“Well I’m going to go check up on Leah.” Danny says.
Oh no. I quickly scramble to my bed, almost falling as my arms shake. I get myself positioned on the bed just as Danny starts taking off the bolts. As he does I calm my breathing, pick up a book and try to look as relaxed and calm as I possibly can.
Danny walks into the room looking tired. Normally I’d think it was from work, but today I know it’s different. He offers me a smile as if reassuring me of something. My stomach turns. It is about me, I knew it.
He sits down on the side of my bed and I put my book back on the bookshelf that is right beside my bed. I stare at him and he stares at me too, as if thinking. I wonder what he’s thinking about. My heart skips a beat. Is he thinking about letting me go?