
“Good morning, Leah!” He says, beaming in happiness.
I force a small smile on my face. “Hi Danny.”
“How are you today?” He asks. I look away. I hated when he asked that. If I ever answered truthfully he’d act like he was concerned, then get mad at me if I told him I needed to be let go. It wasn’t fair. I couldn’t even tell the truth in this dungeon.
“I’m fine.” I say. I can feel that my smile is faltering.
“Well I’m going to the store today. What do you want me to get you?” He asks.
“Some more books would be nice.” I say.
He nods. “Okay. What kind of books?”
My heart accelerates at his words. Normally Danny would tell me when his dad was going to the store and ask if I wanted anything, but I could never ask for certain books because his dad was afraid of me becoming smart, getting ideas that could help me escape. Danny though, he never thought that far. Since he was going, I could ask for books that could help me. I had to play it right, because I didn’t want him catching onto my plans.
“Some good spy books would be nice. I’ve been wanting to read some of those for a while.”
Danny’s eyebrows furrow. My heart drops. “I didn’t know you read those. I never saw a book like that in your collection before.”
“Well I’ve read a few books with references to them before.” I say. I had to repair any damage I might have caused asking that. “They sound very interesting. Is it a problem for you to get a few?” I try my best to look innocent, hoping that Danny’s deluded mind wouldn’t catch on.
He shrugs. “I guess there’s no harm in that then.”
I grin. That was one thing I would have never gotten away with if it was his father. I learned my lesson about that one a long time ago.
“Well, I’ll be going then.” He says, kissing my forehead.
“Okay, bye.” I say. He walks to the door, closing it securely and locking it. I laugh, falling back onto my bed. Today was beginning to look like a good day.

The day went slowly after that. I kept waiting for Danny to come home. I just couldn’t wait! If he really brought home those spy books without his father knowing, I was sure I could find out something from them. I wasn’t sure what, but anything could be helpful. Just one little trick was all I needed, just an ounce of inspiration.
Those cute little stories I always read never gave me anything to go off of, no ideas on how to escape. The only idea, if you can call it that, those books gave me was to wait on prince charming to come. I knew better than that. For the first part of my time here all I did was wait: I waited on my parents to find me and bring me home. But they never did, and I’ve accepted the fact that they never will. My mom and dad are an old memory to me here. They’re nothing but what I remember. For all I know, they won’t even want me if I escape. Maybe they won’t even know me.
I can feel a pain in my chest, and tears leak out from my eyes. I don’t care, I want to cry. I want to hurt. It’s all I have now. Everything else was taken from me. This was all I never wanted.
I hear the door squeak and my head shoots to the side. I hear the bolts that lock me in the dungeon being removed, and I know who it is. I sit up, my heart stammering in my chest. I take in a shaky breath. It’s Danny’s father, my worst nightmare.