
Chapter 1
*Not Edited*
I’m running, as fast as I can. In my mind, I believe that I can get away. I can hear the footsteps behind me though, and they make my faith falter. I continue to run, glancing behind me to see them following. I run faster; as fast as my legs will possibly take me.
In the distance I can see something. I squint my eyes, trying to figure it out. It looks like a house. My heart leaps. No, it’s not just any house, it’s my house. I smile, speeding up. But then something heavy lands on me, knocking me down. I scream, flailing my arms in front of me. The person who knocked me down meets the ground instead of me. He lands underneath me, and I get a good look at him. My heart sinks. Of all the people, why must he be there to ruin everything?
He grins. “Where do you think you’re going, Princess?” He asks.
“Let me go!” I demand, hitting my hands into his chest.
He laughs at me. “You’re never leaving. You should know that.”
“Yes I am!” I scream, finally getting off of him and running into my house.
I’m met with everything I remember, the familiar scent of something cooking, and the old TV casting a forever changing glow on the hallway floor. I’m five again, and everything’s so much taller than me. I walk into the living room. Daddy sits there, and seeing me he smiles.
“Come here, kiddo.” He says, patting his lap. I happily run over and sit on his lap, staring at the TV.
My mother comes into the room, carrying a tray of some kind of food she’s made. “Are you hungry, Leah?” She asks me. I nod my head, smiling.
For a while, it’s just us. A family again, nothing else can get in the way.
“I love you Mommy and Daddy.”

“We love you too.” My mother says, smiling at me warmly. I can see the tears in her eyes though. “And we won’t stop looking until we find you.”

My eyes flutter open, and I feel a wet streak of something running down my face. I touch below my eyes, and wipe away the tears. I sit up and I survey my cement room with the single barred window.
My dreams were always nicer to me than reality. In my dreams, I either escape my kidnappers or I go back to a time, a very good time. The time before I was kidnapped.
In reality though, I’m stuck in this cement cage, my own personal prison. Reality is my nightmare. I haven’t been out of it for over a year. Danny doesn’t trust me enough to take me outside. He always tells me it’s dangerous, that the world is going to take me away from him and never let me go. I wish it would. Anywhere sounded better than here. Danny was delusional. For some crazy reason he thought that I was his sister, but he also understood it wasn’t by blood. He always said that I was “adopted”. If I was adopted, that would make his psycho dad my father. No thanks. He was nothing more to me than a crazy psycho who was such a dead-beat father he couldn’t provide his kid with any other friends unless he kidnapped me.
Ten years is such a long time, but it doesn’t always feel that long. It depends on the time. When depression calls my name, the time passes considerably fast, it’s all a blur. When I’m fine, it passes normally. But when I want to escape and my family is a constant reminder of what was taken away from me, time passes so, so slowly. Sometimes, I like to think that they’re looking for me, calling out my name and searching for me, just waiting to take me back home. Others times, fact hits me like dead weight, saying that they’re probably moved on, my name never to be uttered from their lips again.