
Introduction
I'm sitting on my bed reading it over and over again scared to death, letter in my hand that says, Dear Kayla We are glad to inform you that you have made it to the finals of the Legendary Fight this year. Please contact us at this number (555)-543-7890 Thank you. Sincerely, The LFA. Okay, so obviously my name is Kayla. The Legendary Fight is this thing that 13-20 year olds get tested to see if you can go into it. This is my first year and I made it in! Oh and they you put in this like dome and you fight to the death 'till one last is standing. I'm frightened, my parents are gone and at the mines working. I immediately call my best friend, Rachel who is also starting her first year, she answers and I say everything that has happened in the last half hour. She starts crying and I ask "What is wrong?" she replied, " I also got in.". I immediately hang up so she won't hear me cry. Ten minutes later I wipe my nose to the sound of the front door opening, it's my mom. I remembered I left the letter on the table, I jump up to run to the table but then all the sudden sobbing and a break to the floor is what I hear, I run to the kitchen and my mom is laying on the floor sobbing. I run over to her and give her a huge hug and whisper, " Shh." She tells me everything is gonna be okay.  But I know in my heart that everything is not gonna be "okay".
Chapter 1
When my dad comes home he also see's the letter and frightened just like my mom he starts crying. I explain that Rachel got in too. Now we were all crying like the babies we were. But my dad said "Stop we need to train our daughter." and puts his hand on my shoulder. We all wipe our noses. My parents go change while I put on my fighting outfit and shoes. We go out to this field and my parents give me a bow, at first I didn't know what to do. Then my parents showed me how to aim and shoot. I started off with deer in the woods. I shot 23 out of my whole experience. Finally I got my note that I was gonna be trained by the best in one week so I hung out with all my friends and family while I could. So it's been 5 days and I only have 2 left so I start packing. When my parents came in and said I couldn't bring anything except for one thing. I chose the bracelet I got from great-grandma and I was sent on my way to the train to take me there I gave all my family and friends hugs and kisses. Rachel was there too. I finally talked to her and decided to make an alliance with her. When we got there we were roommates. I guess I didn't really mind because we have known each other since we were younger. Then we started training for two weeks I was an expert on the bow since I already knew how to shoot. After two weeks they announced that in 1 day they were gonna put us in the dome.
Chapter 2
I got up at  4:00 in the morning and got ready with Rachel. I told Rachel that no matter what happens we always have each other's backs. Then our teachers took us and got us prepared to go in the dome. We were ready. I got in the seat that he told me to sit in. I was then transported to the dome. I was frightened. I still kept myself ready for anything the timer was counting it down from 10. 9. 8. 7. 6. 5. 4. 3. 2. 1. 0. I ran into the rain forest behind me with my bow and supplies. All I could hear was screaming and necks snapping and knives getting stuck in people's back. I looked back for one second and in the field I could see Rachel starring at me and running towards me. I waited for her and she caught up. We found a safe place and stayed there for a night. 26 of us were put in there that day, only 16 survived and two of them were Rachel and I. I only know a few others. This 14 year old boy with green eyes and blond hair was 6 feet and was named Johnson. Super shy I tell you. Then there is a 15 year old girl with hazel eyes and black hair and was named Hailey. Also a 17 year old girl and boy who were twins and had blue eyes and brown hair and the boy was Alex and the girl was Alexandra. That's about it. At least I know of. Rachel and I were frightened so we made a schedule she stays up for an hour then I do and it goes back and forth. The seconded day was just as scary as the first. Those twins I told you about, DEAD! I was shocked. Rachel and I found a cave to stay in for a couple of days. Rachel got hurt she cut herself. I found some leaves and tied them together and put it around her arm. She was okay. I found some wood and built a fireplace. We talked about what we would do if one of us died. I told her if she died I wouldn't know what to do.