
Chapter 3
The third day I went out to find food. I found a squirrel. it was so delicious. Rachel thought it was pretty good too. I told Rachel I'm gonna go try to kill some people. I mean if I was chosen for this I got at least kill a couple of people. Right? So I was out there and I killed 3 people I had know idea who they were though so yeah. I went back and Rayne was cooking a squirrel I caught earlier for lunch. Then I went back out and killed one person. Which was (accidentally) Johnson. I tried to keep him alive but he said forget it. I came back and told Rachel she said it was just accident. I found a girl and her name is Lalic. She joined me and Rachel. That night we all got to know each other and ended best friends. We all promised that we would stay together for the rest of the games and maybe even longer...
Chapter 4
The next day Lilac went out to get food and maybe a kill a few people. See Lilac is a very shy person so she might not kill anyone. Anyhow she came back with at least 5 squirrels. They were delicious! Then it was my turn. I went out and ended up almost getting killed! By this group of people; Bella, the leader, Jacob, the killer, Luke, the watch guard, Sara, the smart one and, Betty, the follower. As I was getting some squirrels I heard a branch break I turned around and saw him, Jacob. With his little gang. I knew I was in some deep $#*% I ran. Thinking, "I'm gonna die before I even make it to the lake." Then I saw Hailey and I yelled," RUN HAILEY RUN!" She ran with me and asked what was wrong and I responded," THEIR GANG!" We kept running till we couldn't breath and we made it to the lake. We looked around and noticed they were gone. Then we saw Betty, we had fear in our eyes and courage in our hearts. We didn't know what to do so we ran across the lake. Betty, as being a follower, screamed, "THEY'RE OVER HERE!" We ran even faster then I heard a cannon ( which signals someone died) I looked up to see who it was hoping that it wasn't Lilac or Rachel. It was Betty. Close one I thought. I made it to the cave and ended up with no squirrels and just info. Hailey stayed with us that night. We were all very scared that night..

Chapter 5
The next morning Hailey left and Lilac went to go out and get squirrels. Rachel and I talked about what we would do did if we were the last ones. I said that "I will scarfice myself for her because she's my best friend."  She said, "That we should just kill each other." I responded with, "But then there would be no winner!" I was confused. Then Lilac came back with a few squirrels. We ate them and then I left. I found like 5 squirrels. For like an hour I just sat in a tree and thought about Rachel said. Its just a little crazy... Anyhow when I got back we ate and fell asleep and the next morning we did the same for a week then Rachel wanted to go out. She went out and never came back. She got hit by Bella and ended up dieing I cried myself to sleep. I lost my best friend...
Chapter 6
Me and Lilac went out and got squirrels together the next day. Silently. Very silently. I caught 2 squirrels and she caught 3. We went back and ate. The next day was the same and the next day and they next day. Finally we decided to go seprete ways. I stayed in a tree that night. Very cold and scared. That nightLilac died because of hypothermia. I was all alone. I had no more alliances. I was gonna die before I even fell asleep that night. I decided to go kill some squirrels. I was trying to find a squirrel. But then the gang came up I was running for my life they were throwing knifes and everything and I had a cut in my arm. I was so scared and almost started crying. Then Hailey out of no where ended up saving my life but not hers. They got so mad and I hide up in a tree. They lost me and I was so happy but I was hungry and wanted real food. The next day I found out that the gang has real food. I looked at their camp and saw it, a pile of fruits and vegetables. I noticed they had a bombs all over it and Luke was there. I "accidentally" blew him up but that also trigged the rest of the gang to come looking. So I had to grab as much food as I could. They found me later on that night but I killed Sara. They left me alone after that I peacefully that night.