
Sarah's POV:
All I can remember of my old life was my mum carying me then I was at an orphanage terrified . the people hear are mean and bully me . I'm 19 I have been at this place for 10 years waiting for someone to come but they never do. I start to stirr in my sleep then wake up slowly being my surroundings "ugh it wasn't a dream" I grumble, "UGH shut the hell up u bitch and let us be happy with our lives" Tiffany my horrible roomate said. She is 20 and tries to seem like she owns the it .
I look for some clothes and find jeans with a top with a jacket and a small scarf with cute boots, its winter in Chicago so I know I'm gonna be freezing my ass of. I grab my purse and run to the dining area and grab a bread since they don't really feed us. "Hey u forgot my money bitch!" Jackson screamed and slapped my cheek. "WHAT THE FUCK I DIDNT OWE U ANYTHING JACKSON" I screamed at him, he scoffed and walked away. Such a dick  I thought
I know someone said in my head I gasped and was at first really creeped out then shrugged it off
I walked to the front door to be stopped by the lady at the front "Oh Sarah I think we found soneone . I gasped "REALLY?!?!" I squeal "yes and finally we needed u gone for 10 years!"she said relieved "um Tracy I have been here for 10 years" I sighed my mood changing from happy to said in like a second "I know" she giggled "GO PACK THEY WILL BE HERE ANY MINUT!" She said and went back to her computer she was wearing a black suit and her black hair was above her shoulders in a very VERY ugly way. I ran to my room and packed all my stuff and grabbed my
Iphone and my headphones and walked to the door to see Tiffany smirking "finally a room to my self  and this time the bitch is gone for good!" she said happily then threw me out of the room and locked the door. I looked down and sighed and went down the stairs to see a sweet looking mom with a nice blouse and tights with flats and brown straight hair, I have light brown hair with locks, so our hair was close to the same, next to her was a nice man who I'm guessing was my dad, he also had straight dark hair and was wearing a brown shirt with jeans and cowboy boots who also seemed nice "I'm Dereck but u can call me dad the man said nicely, "I am Karen but u can call me mother" she said politely "Hi I'm Sarah nice to meet u I'm so excited!" I said cheery . they both smiled and we walked to a limo wow, we got inside and drove in silence . when we got home they showed me a kitchen that was massive with a  stainless stove and fridge, after we saw a dining room the table was like 8 feet! With 16 chairs that looked really fancy and a whole bunch of paintings and one of those huge windows , after they showed me the living room with one GIGANTIC couch with a stainless steel TV and a table in the middle , then my room which had a king size bed with a huge working table and a book shelf with a nother flat screen with white walls "THANK U THANK U THANK U !" I cheered and hugged them tight they hugfed me and smiled then left. I flopped on my bed and got under the duvet and slowly my eye lids felt