
THIS IS MY FIST STORY SO BEER WITH ME HERE, IF YOU DO NOT LIKE A LITTLE BIT OF DIRTINESS, THE. IT IS UP TO YOU TO CONTINUE READING. ENJOY,
"Ughh, mum did we have to move to Korea?" I said in a unhappy voice.
"Yes, since you didn't have good grades in your old school, which was the LAST and ONLY school, left for you in China." She said with an angry voice.
------FAST FORWARD-----
When we got to the new apartment, I was pretty surprised on how neat everything was put together, my mum went into her room and I went into mine, I unpack my things and looked out the window, girls waiting outside a building all excited, "ehh no big deal I'll just continue to unpack my things.
---2 hours later---
"Finally, I am done" I said all exhausted,
I walked out of my room to the kitchen to check if mum brought any food, but instead I found a note, which said " Y/N, I just went out to town, to get some food, I am going to take about 2 hours to find everything, so here is some money incase you want to go out to the mall, love mum"
"I guess I'll go to the mall to get some fast food or something, but I wonder if it is still open since it is 5:30 pm, eh I just go check"
----MALL----
I went to the food court, and got some nachos, and there was a group of boys, 7 of them and there was an extra seat there, I went over to them and said " umm excuse me. IS.ANY.ONE.SITTING.THERE?" I said it with pauses just because they we Korean, one of them stood up, he was, tall, with blonde hair, and wearing black and white, " hi, no one is sitting here, I am the fluent english speaker in this group, but they can still speak and understand a little, oh where are my manners, I am Rap Monster, this is Jin, Suga, J-Hope, V, Jimin and Jungkook" He said and pointed to each of them when he said there names. They were pretty cute I have to admit but the one that caught my eye the most was V. " Hi nice to meet you wall my name is Y/N" Rap Monster pulled the extra chair out for me to sit in, I blushed a little. "Any way I guess you haven't heard of us before, we are a Korean band called BTS short terms for BangTan Boys" Rap Monster said.
" Oh so your pretty famous then, I am new to Korea, I was born in American and moved to China just 2 years ago when I was 16"
They seemed kinda interested because there eyes were a bit wide. I took a bite of my nachos and they started laughing, I was confused, but then Suga handed me a mirror and I realised I had cheese on top of my lip and on the side also, I quickly wiped it of, but that made them laugh a bit more, I felt started blushing of embarrassment. " i-it's o-okay do not be shy" V said with a little struggle. I smiled, but realised that it was already was already 6:00pm. " Uhh sorry but I have to go, umm I will see you guys around" I said but I was a little upset though.
" Bye " all the guys said waving as I was leaving.
----Guys----
" She is kind of cute I have to admit " V said
" Someone has a crush!! " said the guys
" Looks who's blushing!!"
" Rap Mon stop!!" V said.
----At The House----
"Mum you home? I yelled out.
No answer.