
She spoke to the police, never so shook up in her life and more cautious than ever about Jeff watching her. That night the police had her stay with her father since this was now a crime scene and not her home. Her dad was more than ecstatic to see Sabrina, however he was upset about the circumstances of her arrival to his doorstep.
"I'm sorry about your mom, princess..." he hesitated and waited for her to respond anxiously "you room looks a tad bit different, but for the most part it's untouched" he gives her a warm and somewhat awkward smile.
Sabrina just nodded and ran inside to just hide for awhile. She hated showing emotion because she was taught that it was healthy and only showed that you were weak. When she arrived upstairs she slowly opened her bedroom door, assuring herself that no one was sitting on her bed just waiting to attack. Actually to her surprise there was no one. I must be going insaneI'm letting him run my life already she thought to her self before hearing the floor creak behind her. She slowly turned around and there he was I'm the flesh.
"Hey beautiful" he laughed a bit and then played with the curl on her shoulder.
"can you just make this quick" she asked sounding a bit annoyed
"Make it quick! No, I want you to be my toy for awhile, you interest me." his smile grew wider as he slid his knife down her face
"Stop it!" she flinched but he grabbed her tightly and wouldn't let go
"no I wanna have some fun!"
"don't be so loud, my dad will hear you!"
"I don't think he will" his smile grew wider and a tear shed from her eyes because she already knew what that meant.
"what do you want with me?" she asked in her annoying crying voice
"I already told you, your my play thing until I get bored with you"
She sighed and pulled away from him to lay on her bed
"Wha-what are you doing?" he asked quite confused
"what does it look like?
He looked at her as if she were nuts "I could kill y-"
"but you didn't and frankly I don't care if you do" she cut him off.
Jeff P.O.VDid she really just walk away from me and seat herself on the bed? Why isn't she scared anymore? Just like that? She doesn't care for her life? Jeff thought, his heart starting to beat a little quicker
"what the hell?" he whispered, feeling unsure of how to deal with this.