
Sabrina's POVI woke up this morning around 8:00 and totally panicked "oh my god, I'm gonna be late!" I jump outta bed, ignoring the sleep still in my eyes. I thew on my black sleeping with the sirens t-shirt and hurried to wedge myself into my skinny jeans. I then scrambled around the house in search of my car keys but they were no where to be found and here is where I began to go insane. I took a knee and inhaled before exhaling, I then walked up to my mother's room in hopes that she knew where my car keys were but to my dismay she was dangling from her ceiling by her neck with a smile carved into her face, the phrase "go to sleep" written on the wall in what I could only assume was her own blood.I was horrified, I dropped to my knees and cried my eyes out before dialing 9-1-1. I used my loss as an excuse to miss school. While I waited for the police, I closely examined the aspects of my mother's murder scene and noticed some familiar traits such as the phrase and the cut smile. There's only one murderer I know that would say that and have a matching smile "Jeff..." I whispered to myself and suddenly he appeared. He smiled at me for a second and then vanished suddenly, my first instinct was to run okay dumb move
I ran downstairs to find him sitting on my sofa waiting for me
"why must you run? So typical!" he chuckled and charged at me, I acted quickly and side stepped so that he wouldn't tackle me "Stop! Get away!!!" I screamed and ran for the doorOf course it's locked, dumbass
I mentally scolded myself and before I could unlock the latch he was already pinning me against the door
"where you going gorgeous? The fun had just begun?"
"I'm not ready to die just yet!" I say feeling defeat "I have so much to live for..." I whispered basically to myself
"what makes you think you have things to live for? Your like every other worthless human!" he exclaimed.
Suddenly, I heard police sirens and just like that... He vanished. I know he'll be back from whatever hellhole he emerged from.