
Sabrina's P.O.V
He looked at me as if I studdered. He had me hot and bothered now and I wasn't stopping now. I saw him about to say something but before he could, I kissed his lips passionately. I felt his body tense from the sudden surprise and then he slowly relaxed, letting his arms slide onto my waist and trying to get control. Our tongues fought for dominance but of course I lost, no one knows how to make me feel the way Jeff did. Suddenly I felt something poking at my leg and instantly I knew what I was doing to him. His lidless eyes widened as he tried to hide his boner. I giggled and started removing my clothes which made him blush madly. Why is Jeff being so shy? I thought but then I smiled when I realized that I could probably dominate him. He looked up at me still seemingly confused on my actions and I just smirked and started grinding against against his extremly hard boner, gaining slight groans from him. He looked at my hips than back up at my blushing face before rolling us over and starting to literally tear off our clothing with both his teeth and his claws. I blushed and started to sweat a little, feeling quite hot more now than ever. He chuckled and started staring at my naked body before going to town on my nice C cup breasts. He wasted no time nibbling and massaging them and gained lots of moans from me. I couldn't help but to bite my lip which made him disappear beneath the sheets "Jeff what are you... " of was cut off by an intense feeling between my legs. Was he licking me? I thought but then shook it off as my thoughts got clouded. His tongue entered me and I screamed in pleasure, his tongue went inhumanly deep inside me and he had no trouble with getting me to climax. I breathed hard and he smirked "I'm not done yet" I heard him whisper into my ear.  My eyes widened and he chuckled before positioning himself at my entrance. he looked down at me and waited for my okay.  I nodded a little and he slowly started to slide in and I winced in unbearable pain, he was so big and this was my first time. He stopped and stood as still as he possibly could, waiting till I've adjusted. "okay go" I said with a blush and he began to move slowly, gaining loud moans with each thrust which only made him speed up. As if by instinct I reached up and started clawing at his back,  leaving red marks all over and in some places the skin is broke open. He growled and went at inhuman speeds making me a moaning mess. After about a half hour of nothing but this, he finally climaxed, passing out next to me. We spooned the whole night.