
Don't get me wrong I love Cat but sometimes she's a bit too wild for me.
Cat: hey girls. Party at my place, my parents are out of town. Wait when aren't they out of town huh? Hehe. Mind me bring Daniel? Please
Me: someone likes Dan?
Haids: She's not the only one who likes him, many girls do. Cat he's ugly, or maybe I think that because he is my cousin.
Lily: oh my Cookies. Really Cat? You guys would look cute together.
Hope: come on guys we have class in 3 minutes for the bell to ring I don't want to be late.
Me: yeah me either let's get going girls
Lily: fine goodie two shoes
We walk to our class. Only if they knew who mystery girl really is. We all have art class and we hadn't gotten to do anything because our class was selected to do book room duty. Which I don't mind doing at all. I use to sit next to carter in this class might as well sit with haids because she sat next to a girl who graduated last year with carter. "Haids you want to sit together?" I asked. "yes Bear" she said.
Ms. Miller: hey April great to see you today Hun.
Me: yea miss I'm glad too, finally were done with book room duty.
Ms. M: April don't worry sit where ever you want. Is it true carter is coming?
Me: Miss I'm not sure I barely heard of it today by Lily. Carter and I hadn't spoken since school started and I have lost of studying for my quizzes coming up. I have 3 quizzes. Good thing todays Friday.
Ms. M: mhhuhm Ms. Garcia I'm sure you will pass with an A and make your dad proud of having such a smart child. Take a seat class is about to start.
You know Ms. Miller is serious when she calls you by your last name. She said to make our parent sign our syllabus and to talk to our friends. I decided to hear music. This was the last period of the day.
I was walking out of class with Haids and Hope and Lily in the back.
Haids: April do you ever think who mystery girl is? Like wow she's amazing
Oh no. she can't be asking this.
Me: yeah Haids I do. She's pretty amazing. Just remember Haids we all have our story, you want to come over and eat some pizza with me and lily and Hope? The boys are coming too.
Haids: bear I would love too. Is Alberto coming to pick us up? Why haven't i seen Jake all day?
Me: I don't know haids. Let's ask lily... hey lily why haven't seen Jake all day today?
Lily: he didn't come. His sick if you know what I mean. She just used quotation marks.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hey guys hope you liked it. im try my best to upload. this is my seconf fanfic. didnt finish my first one. i got brored of it well hope yah like this one. My name is haide and im 14.
i love you guys