
Mask boy and Mystery girl
Chapter one
Hello. Well I'm the daughter of the governor. You think it's great? Oh just you wait. Well no its not. What's going through your head? Wow she's rich. She travels a lot. She's a spoiled brat. She's daddy's and mommy's little girl. She's her older brother's princess. Well I don't have a mom and brother, I'll tell you about them later. I was raised by my nana Marie or Maria, how my dad calls her, and my butler named Alberto. I have my best friends since birth. My mom and their mom were best friends since they can remember. I don't really talk about my mother and my dad doesn't either. Who are my best friends? Hope, Alice, Lillian (Lilly) and her twin brother Jacob (Jake), Angel and Dan last but not least my really close best friend Carter. You're thinking Carter Reynolds, yep him. Sorry I didn't introduce myself the correct way I'm April Samantha Garcia. I'm a goody two shoes in the daylight and I sneak out at night and I'm Mystery Girl. Does anyone know that? Nope they don't know and don't need to know.
April p.o.v
I'm in boring English class. Ughh, all I'm thinking about is about my mother and brother. Wow many ask me how I lost my mom and brother to be honest I don't even know. There are many rumers, yeah I know. I'm 15 almost 16 and my dad still doesn't tell me. Some say they died in a car crash and some say they ran away from my dad. If they did why did they leave me with him? Was I not wanted by my own mother? Carter is always telling me not to worry he says that my mom loved me. But I don't feel like it's the truth. I don't remember the way she looks or how my brother Cam used to look. All I remember is that we would play for hours and how he told me he would never leave me and how we would play by the swings with my parents watching us. My mom and dad holding hands and I don't remember my mom nor cams face. I was like 4 he was 8. I was born in December 16, 1998. Carter's done with high school, lucky. I'm stuck here.
Ding ding ding .
Well that's the bell. I wrote down all the notes. I see Dan, Angel and Haidee, did I mention Angel and Dan are twins and Haidee is there cousin. She's nice and will stick up for you. She's a year younger than us. She will fight a bimbo and cut one if you make anyone she cares about cry. Its kinda funny when she's mad because she lets out this frustrated noise like a train. And judges your vocab that's how you know she's angry.
Haidee: hey Aprill.
Angel and Dan: heyy darling
Hahaha they just spoke at the same time.
Me: hey Haids and darlings
Yes I call Haidee Haids it's shorter. Don't judge. Haids might be a year younger but she has some 10th grade classes. she's a 9th grader though. She has some classes with us, weird how it all works but yeah. As I was walking I see Lily And Hope running to me and Haids.
Me: hey guys? why all the running?
Lily: You didn't hear about it?
Hope: here we go again.
Haids: no we didn't, now tell us Lily
Hope: her crush is coming.
Me: Who Carter? ;)
Lily: no guys I don't like him, I'm so over him and he's coming April bear.
Hope and Haids: Girl why's you lying????
Lily: Hope and Haidee shut it before I call you guys by your full name and he's coming to visit you bear, to see how your 2 first weeks of school went.
Me: well boring and I have to study let's get going to class girls we have Ms. Miller and here comes Cat.