
She laughed a little at that. Charlie was her god father and also the person she was living with for the last two years. He was still a taxi driver since he said that it was like his father's business, but with mailing people, not letters.
At the age of 32, he was still slim with black hair and brown eyes. He still looked very much like his step sister, and her mother, Malinda Ely. Her mother was a pretty woman with dark brown hair and brown eyes. She was human, but could see through the mist which meant she didn't think her brother was totally crazy for seeing monsters.

“Hey kiddo,” her Uncle Percy said as soon as she got out of the van. She smiled at him and they hugged. Behind him stood a pregnant Annabeth and their twelve year old son, Luke. She waved to him and he waved back. Annabeth smiled warmly and hugged Carly.
“Welcome back,” the blond said and Carly smiled. She looked around and Annabeth pointed towards the pavilion. “Nico got stuck talking to some of his students. You can go to the Hades cabin.” Carly nodded and took her bag back from Leo. He kissed her on the forehead and then started to walk towards the woods, muttering something about his dragon, Festus.
She walked towards the black building and walked inside. She turned on the lights and saw that the place was neat and there was three beds made. She went to the one that didn't have any stuff near it and sat down. She opened her suitcase and took out a seven by four and a half inch book. She took out a pencil and started to write in it. She promised Charlie that she would record what she did and what happened—since he didn't want to miss out on the two weeks he wouldn't be there.
The door opened and she looked up. She set down her book and pencil and her dad came into the room. He wore a plain grey t-shirt and black jeans with his sword at his side. His face had a big smile, his eyes filled with happiness and his hair was tame for once.
“Darling!” He greeted and she got up and wrapped her arms around his torso.
“Daddy!” She answered and he pulled her closer. “Uncle Charlie will be here in two weeks.”
He nodded and lay his chin on top of her head. “Well I can't wait to see him too, but right now, we have to catch up.” She sighed and closed her eyes. “Come on,” he coaxed and they started to walk towards the pavilion. “Aunt Hazel wants to see you.”

