
Chapter One
Carly looked down at the letter again, reading the letters again. She squinted her eyes and cursed her dyslexia. She sighed with frustration and groaned. L-Logan? No. L-Lexi? Nope. L-L-Leo? She made a sound in the back of her throat. She didn't know if it actually said that, but hey, Leo was the name of her uncle, might as well look for him.
She kept walking until she got to door B, which is what was in the letter, though it could've said door D. Oh well. When she got there, she looked around and sighed when she didn't see anyone, but then someone pushed some other people out of the way.
She smiled and walked over to him. “Uncle Leo!” She yelled and the man turned to look at her. He smiled widely and opened his arms. She jumped into them and he twirled her around.
“Carly!” He yelled and got some odd looks from some people. He set her down on her feet and smiled down at her. “How's my favorite niece.”
Carly laughed. “Uncle Leo, I’m your only niece,” she laughed and he shrugged, though his face still held it's smile.
“Anyway, where's your luggage?” He asked.
“I still need to get it because it was delayed,” she told him. He nodded and they headed towards the luggage. She looked around and then spotted her black suitcase. She grabbed it and Leo took it from her. She looked at him and he smiled more, she rolled her eyes, but didn't question her crazy uncle.
They walked out of the airport and went to a white van. “Isn't this one of the shipping vans?” She asked, pointed to the logo that said, Delphi's Strawberries.
Leo shrugged and put her suitcase where the crates of fruit would go. “I don't think Chiron would trust me with anything else.” He told her.
She raised an eyebrow. “Why's that?”
Leo looked up and unlocked the van. “Because this has a tracking device in it.” Carly breathed a laugh and got into the passenger seat. Leo was great with boats, helicopters, planes and other mechanical gadgets, but when it came to directions in cities, well that was a whole other thing.
She remembered the stories that her dad, Nico Di Angelo, used to tell her. One of them was about when Leo was in Rome and he couldn't see the difference between each other the streets. According to said person, it was just roads, shops and statues he didn't know about, plus the Spanish steps—which by the way, he still comments about how they must've gotten lost and went to the wrong country. It cracked Carly up every time.
She shifted in her seat, but knew that Leo was a lot more agitated. He hated to stay in one place at a time. If he wasn't driving, he would've already started to fiddle with the van to 'make it better'. She glanced over at him and he hands kept fidgeting with the wheel and he kept looking about. She sighed and leaned against the window.
The sun slowly started to disappear behind the big, black cloud as if it was burrowing under it like it was a blanket and going to bed. Thunder rumbled in the distance and rain started to patter down onto them. Leo switched on the wipers and the rays of light from the van made the rain shine like jewels and the ground glitter.
Her phone vibrated and she took it out. There was two texts. One from Nico and the other from Charles Ely. She opened them up.
Nico: Hey, Darling, I hope that you remembered that Aunt Hazel's birthday is next week. Can't wait to see you!
She smiled and then looked at Charlie's.
Charlie: Yo, Little Lady. Hope you got there safe and sound. Tell your dad that I’ll be coming to CHB in a couple of weeks. Bye!