
Charlie walked up to us and looked extremely afraid. Ok so story time.
I let him have it. I explained how I knew knife and all about the gang. This was all new to savannah too and it left her speechless. Look who's been with him longer bitch. That had a big double meaning. I explained that knife was looking for me again. "Guess he got a hint that I've been back in town. Ha, ha, ha." I laughed almost robotically and shook it off. I continued with my story. By the end of my explanation he knew I dated knife, his minion killed my father (his minions may have been older then him but they all listened to him because they were afraid of him, that's how he became the leader.), and the entire conversation with my mother and savannah. Glad that's taken care of.
He stood in front of me as all the color in his face flushed. He looked like a ghost that was frightened himself.  We all stayed silent not know what to say so I break the ice awkwardly. "So isnt the park so beautiful?!" I asked the first thing that came to mind and mentally face palmed myself. I'm such an idiot. I earned two evil glares. I put my hands up defensively "Hey, it's not my fault we're just sitting here awkwardly, well it is, but you know what I mean!" I became frustrated.
I turned to savannah. "Do you know why he even wants to meet with me?" Curiosity filled me. Curiosity kills the cat, what can I say?
She simply shook her head. "He's got Ty and Parker looking for you at usual places we went to the week you visited. He's got Ben watching over the club. And me not looking for you because he knows Id tell you to run. But I'm not, I think you should go talk to him." I nodded in agreement. Charlie's jaw has now dropped.
"You two can't be seriously thinking about going to see him!" He yelled irritated.
"Well we are." We said in sync like old times. I went on "Plus he's not going to hurt me. He has our crew looking for me. If he wanted me hurt he'd send his dumb minions." Savannah nodded in agreement and added. "Yeah, Charlie, our crew is practically a family. We don't intentionally hurt family."
"You guys are crazy! How are you staying positive and calm right now?!" He asked, a little to loud if you ask me.
"First of all calm down. You are panicking for no reason..." Savannah said. " For now." She whispered the last part so only I heard and I sent her my famous death stare.
"Second we aren't completely calm. Miss bitch over here is freaking out over my mother and the argument they had." I paused "and I'm worried about you. Knife knows you two talked and probably has your address. He might have sent someone looking for you." I looked at floor with guilt and shame. "I need to talk to him so you're safe." I said in a hushed gentle tone.
"Where can he go? He can't go home. He can't come to either of our houses. He needs somewhere safe."
I had the perfect idea. Gosh, why didn't I think of this sooner. "Charlie! Go to the blue hole! It's perfect. None of them know it exists! Yes, that where you're going and it's settled!" I became relieved Charlie has a place to go now I just have to hope none of them find him or track him. "When you get to the part where you have to hike. Text me or savannah and ditch the phone immediately. Oh and Charlie be careful." We walked Charlie to his car and practically forced him to get in and leave.
"So help me god if you get hurt Crystal. You're the one who needs to be careful." He motioned me to come close to him and I did. "If you get hurt badly I need you to know Im falling for you. And if you don't get hurt that doesn't change at all." He whispered into my ear.
Fireworks have just gone off inside my stomach. "You have such horrible timing with telling me things." I laughed and leaned in so that our lips brushed against each other slightly and looked him straight in the eyes "but that doesn't change the fact I am too" with that I leant in and kissed him slowly and gently. I wasn't about to lose Charlie but if something happened we both needed to say how we felt. We both needed that possibly one last kiss.