
I fell asleep at his apartment for a few hours. I woke up in his bed to the sound of water. All I could think is I shouldn't be here right now. This isn't right. It started coming back to me. My best friend ran out of my house after I had a fight with my mom and then I drove to Trevor crying my eyes out. He called up one of his friends to come get me. Before I knew it he was getting me out of his car and carrying me into his apartment. He set me down on the couch and asked what happened. I told him everything from what happened with Jack to arriving at Trevor's house. He then pulled me into his room and pointed to his bed and told me to go lay down. I remember going to bed crying.
He walked out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist. He ran his fingers through his hair shaking some of the water out. I sat up and said "Hey." Rubbing my eyes.
"Hey, you're up." He smiled "I thought I'd have to sleep on the couch tonight." He joked.
"I'm sorry, I-" he cut me off
"No need to apologize, you can stay here for as long as you like." He said seriously. "I'll take the couch, I don't want you going home like this. I can tell you're still upset."
"Thanks but I'm not kicking you out of your own room Charlie." I smiled. "I'll take the couch."
"I'll take the bed if you take the bed." He said looking me in the eyes. I couldn't tell if he was kidding or not.
"What? Charlie this is your room. I don't want to invade your space." I said.
"Don't be ridiculous. I want you here tonight, with me." He said.
"I'm not going to win this, am I?" I asked.
"Nope," he smiled. "We are sharing the bed and that's final."
"Ok, fine." I pouted giving up. He chuckled.
I left the room so he could get dressed. I went to lay on the couch hoping to fall asleep just so I could say I won the childish argument we had about sharing a bed. He came out of the room in only sweats and walked to the couch knowing I was there. He sat down on the edge of the couch. He nudged me "Come on." I shook my head, "Carry me." I said playfully putting my arms in the air as he stood up.
"No," he smiled. "You can sleep out here if you want."
"Wait. What?" I looked at him confused.
"I'm not going to force you to sleep in room." He looked into my eyes again. "You've had a rough day. Get some rest."
"Ok." I said still confused. He smiled and went to his room. He left his door open purposely. I laid back down on the couch. I closed my eyes but found myself not able to sleep. I could see Charlie's tv flashing on the wall. I couldn't sleep knowing Charlie was a few steps away, shirtless, with his door open. "God damn it Charlie." I mumbled. I stood up and went to his room. He was sitting up and smiled at me like he won the lottery and I was the prize. "I thought you wanted the couch?" He smirked. "I'm just kidding, come on." He patted an empty space next to him on the bed.
What in the world was going on? I knew I was about to find out. I walked over to the bed and gently sat down. I turned my body and laid back. I was vulnerable, I was ready to do anything that night, I needed to go to sleep before I did anything stupid or let him do anything. I got under the covers and turned on my side. It was too late, he was rubbing my thigh with his hand and I didn't stop him. Instead I rolled over and faced him. I shouldn't have done that, I knew what was coming, I wanted it to come but for all the wrong reasons. He jumped up and got on top of me. He pinned me down on the bed holding my hands. I couldn't help but laugh. "What are you doing?"
"What do you want me to do?" He smiled.
If I told him what I really wanted, I knew I'd regret it. I smiled "marry me." I joked. His face immediately lost color. It looked like he had just seen a ghost. "Woah, calm down, it was a joke. I'm sor-" he cut me off. He got closer to me "Stop apologizing." He smiled. He kissed me and I deepened the kiss. Like I said I was vulnerable and I was ready for anything. I knew what I was getting myself into the moment I got into bed with him. He pulled away getting off of me and laid next to me.
"Goodnight, beautiful." He smiled.
"Goodnight, hun." I smiled, playing his little game.