
I was snapped out of my thoughts when I got a text. It was from Crystal. "Sorry hun, might not come home tonight. Spending time with them. Tell the others I love them and we'll all sit down and talk tomorrow. Love you Anna." Tears formed in my eyes. Why was I upset? It's not like she was staying away forever. Everything around me was a blur. It's like I was in my own world. I could see everyone around me but I couldn't hear them. Maybe it's because she was gone for a week and I was actually looking forward to spending time with her and Ben screwed it up. I snapped back into reality.
I walked up to Ben and smacked him upside the head harder than I intended to. Oh well, he deserves it. I don't care if he was just mad or worried or whatever. It's his fault she's not coming home tonight. Then I hit max and charlie also. If it weren't for them she wouldn't have been set off and left in the first place. The other two hid behind pillows probably thinking they were next.
"What the hell?" Max was mad. Oh well.
"What was that for?"Ben asked.
"Satisfied much?" Charlie asked annoyed.
"Yeah, very. Thanks for asking." I smirked at charlie and ignored the other two. "Don't worry you two, you didn't practically run our sister out of the house." I pointed to ty and Parker that were still hiding behind pillows. "Oh and thanks Ben because now she's not coming home tonight. Hope you're happy. But this wouldn't have happened if two certain half brothers didn't keep a secret from her and then reveal it when she was worked up over them meeting."
"Boo hoo, we all have secrets savannah. She can get over it. Also it's not my fault she's acting like a baby because her family was worried." Ben said.
"Seriously Ben? Why are you acting like such a jerk. Go take a walk." I walked upstairs just to get away. I slammed the door letting them know don't come up unless it's important. I couldn't take them anymore.
To CrystalIm sorry about what I said before you left. I didn't mean that I just got worried.
From Crystal It's ok I know you didn't mean it. It's a bad memory for the both of us. Oh and hey I want you to meet the boys.
To CrystalSure, Id love to meet them. When and where?
From Crystal The park, my favorite bench, and now?
To Crystal Sounds good. I need to get out of here anyways. I flipped on Ben, max, and charlie. Insensitive jerks. Anyways I'll meet you there in about five minutes.
The window or the door? Such a hard decision. I'll take the easy way out tonight. I changed quickly and grabbed my leather jacket with my earbuds in and phone in hand playing music so im not disturbed.
Leaving my closet was the easy part. Leaving my room was easier. Leaving the house might not be that easy as Im sure I will be questioned. I headed downstairs looking like I was ready to party. The heels clicking on every stair made heads turn. So I like to make an exit, so what? I smiled as everyone's attention was on me jaws dropped eyes widened. Yea I'll have fun with this. I normally wouldn't do this but I like to make them wonder sometimes. If they want to wonder about Crystal they can wonder about me. I'll be sure to tell them Im with her, maybe. Let them think we're somewhere we're actually not.
I laughed as I got a phone call from Crystal. This'll be fun. I accepted the call and started talking.
"Hey babe, are we still on for tonight?" I asked. She laughed as she asked if im messing with the boys. Again. "Of course! Did you expect anything else?" I asked twirling my hair.