
Yea, no sleep sucks. I stayed with Ryan all night and didn't move or sleep once. It's now bright and early morning and im beyond tired. Im dreading the moment to go home, if I even do. It seems like running away is my top talent. I ran from my savannah when things got tough. I ran from charlie when things got tough. I ran from my mom, well because things got tough and I was fed up with her, but still. I decided to make everyone breakfast even though mom was up by now. She was always the first one up. I carefully moved Ryan's arm off of me and got up silently. I kissed his forehead and walked out of the room. The cold air gave me chills and I crossed my arms, not that it helped but it's a habit.
Cooking could definitely be my second talent. Call me chef Crystal, kidding, please don't. Anyways I have a small buffet lining the counter. I made toast, eggs and omelets, waffles, pancakes, French toast, bacon, and sausage. I even put a box of cereal on the counter just in case someone wanted it. I made a plate for mom and was going to bring it to her but just in time mom walked into the kitchen after following the smell of food. She froze once she stepped in the kitchen and saw me. She was definitely shocked and surprised, definitely happy to say the least with her big grin. She changed her view to the counter and her jaw dropped. I laughed at her expression. She was so happy it brought tears to her eyes as she looked at me and the food. She missed not only me but my food also, me more though. After I left I knew she had to pick up the habit of cooking everyday for the three lovable pigs upstairs so I gave her a break this morning.
"Hi, mom." I waved awkwardly.
"Hello, wonderful daughter, what are you doing here, and why did you cook so much food?" None of that was sarcastic at all. I laughed at her silly question and just pointed to the stairs, and on cue three men rushed down the stairs. We both laughed at them. I grabbed the plate and walked out pulling mom with me.
We sat in the living room silently as she ate. It wasn't awkward or filled with tension, if anything it was relaxing. I saw a picture on the mantle above the fire place and got up immediately. I took it off the mantle and examined the picture. In the picture it was Ryan, Drew, their parents, my dad, and me. The six of us were at my dads lake house a year before he was gone. We were standing in front of the lake smiling with big smiles that proved we were all really happy. It brought tears to my eyes.
"He was a great man, you know. Always trying to make everyone around him happy no matter what. He wanted to give you the world. He never wanted to fail you. You were always his number one priority." Mom put her arm around me.
I nodded. "He was definitely the best dad. I miss him mom."
"I know you do honey, we all do. We also know that you and those two boys suffered the most. Don't tell them I told you this, they never wanted you to know, but when it happened they cried every time you guys weren't talking. They were heartbroken that not only they lost someone but also because you lost your world. I remember they didn't even come out of their rooms for three days."
"Those boys are something else Huh? Definitely loyal friends but more importantly loving protective brothers." I smiled. "I've missed you guys but I have to go soon. Oh and to answer your question from earlier, im back to stay for awhile. I'll be expecting presents in two weeks." I winked.
"Hmm, greedy are we? Im just seeing you for the first time and you think you're getting birthday gifts?" She said playfully and I nodded "Well good because i wouldn't want it any other way." We laughed. "I missed you angel."
"I missed you too mom." I checked the time and my acting skills came out. "Sorry mom but I really have to go somewhere. I'll be back in a few days, promise. I love you"
"Love you too."
Soon enough i said my goodbyes letting them all know Id see them soon. I gave them hugs and blew them all kisses on my way out the door. When I was out of sight i ran home and got my car as fast as possible. I was careful to make sure no one heard or saw me. Just like that I was gone like the wind, but this time by choice.