
"I'm fine. Can we just not talk about it and forget it?" They nodded. "Thank you. Let's just eat and then you guys can do whatever you want." I said as the waiter came back with the food. "Thank you"
This restaurant had pretty fast service and polite employees. It was a cute little place. They had music playing softly for background noise since it was a little quiet. It had bright orange walls with paintings and pictures hanging all over and the floor was black tile throughout the the entire place. It was small but cute, and it sort of felt like a home. The food was absolutely outstanding. I had no complaints about a restaurant for once. When we all finished eating the waiter came back and gave us the check which we each payed for what we ordered and I left a twenty dollar tip. What to do now.
"What do you guys want to do?" Savannah asked. "I'm game for anything."
"Same." I added. "Drew, Ryan, it's up to you. Pick something before I go home."
"Let's go see a movie then dancing?" Drew suggested
"Or we could go dancing and skip the movie." Ryan said. I looked at savannah and gestured her to come with me.
"Meet you guys at the movies!" I shouted back at them. "When I'm with them drew always caves into what Ryan wants to do. I hate when Ryan does that because it means drew will get upset about it later and complain to me. Always. Ryan thinks he makes the final decision when it comes to making plans. One time when we were little kids drew Ryan and I were at a fair and drew wanted to go on the Ferris wheel before leaving to go to a water park. Drew was so upset that Ryan asked to leave before he got to ask to go on the Ferris wheel. I never understood why he does it to Drew. But as years went on it never stopped. It's strange really." I shook my head
"And that's why we're going to the movies?" I nodded "but you don't want to go do you?"
I shook my head "Not really, I want to go dancing to be honest. I just don't want drew to have a bad night. I make you all worry and you three worry most. Hell I know you guys are still worried, but I'm fine. I'm going to talk to Ty, ben, and Max alone later. Then I'll set up an arranged meeting for everyone." I sighed. "I grew up close to drew we always had some certain connection. We just clicked. I'd die for the kid. I know he would die for me too. I know it seems like Ryan is more important and I'm closer to him but I'm not. I just don't want to let them into the life I'm in now. My dad knew about this life we have but they will all have a fit. You saw how mom acted. She didn't know I was involved in this sort of life, only dad. Drew and Ryan will try to force me to leave but we all know it's not that easy, you know that. But anyways I try to keep them happy as much as I can. This small little thing I just did will make drew happy. And that's all I want for those two, to be happy." We stopped at the movie theater and waited for the other two to catch up. "Horror, comedy, or action?" I asked savannah, I'm definitely not letting them choose.
"Horror!" She shouted. "Uhhh, what about The Ring?"
"Sounds good, they're buying so don't worry about it." I went to the person behind the window. "4 tickets to The Ring please" she handed us the tickets and drew gave her the money after I told him to. The boys were off getting the snacks while we found seats in the back. The room was pretty empty except for the people the people that were scattered through the middle and front rows. Savannah and I stood by the rows waiting for the boys to get back seeing as savannah was getting the end seat and I was sitting in the middle of Drew and Ryan. They came back and started going in. Drew went in first and Ryan started to but I pulled him back and walked in front of him leaving him to follow after and let savannah sit down. I flicked Ryan in the arm and the movie began. I leaned over and put my head on Drews shoulder while he put his arm around me. You'd think this was a double date if the others weren't bickering.