
"Well you already made my night great." I smirked. "You said something to me and if I remember correctly you said 'I'm glad you're mine tonight. You look amazing and I get to show you off.' Isnt that right?" I teased.
"And if I remember correctly you kissed me when I said that," he winked "I think it's clear I made your night but I also think I should start doing that more often. Don't you?" He teased.
I started to blush and it was obvious but I continued with what I was saying anyways. "I'm not sure you would be able to handle me again." I winked and smiled.
"Oh is that right?" I nodded. "Is that a challenge or an offer?" He pulled over and got out of the car and came to my side. He opened the door.
"What are you doing? Why are you pulling me out of the car?" I sighed. I didn't want to move.
Is he really doing this? I thought we were just messing with each other. He lifted me off the ground and spun around. I smiled because I've never seen this side of Charlie. The fun, playful, charming Charlie. He put me back down and pushed me up against the side of his car. This time one of his hands are on the window so he's leaning in front of me and his other hand clasped with mine. He leaned in and whispered into my ear "Still think I can't handle you? It looks like you can't handle me right now." He smirked. With my free hand I lightly hit him on the chest. We laughed. He let go of my hand and backed away. He made his way to his side of the car but I grabbed his wrist before he got too far away. I gave him a look that told him I could handle him and at that moment he knew what I meant. He walked towards me and smiled lifting me into his arms. I wrapped my arms around his neck and he kissed me like I had kissed him at the apartment. This kiss was different though, it was more passionate.
"I think it's time to go show you off." He winked "We can do what I had planned now a different night."
We ended up at some house that was filled with people. Of course it's a party. The front lawn had a few cups and beer bottles by the bushes near the house and people were smoking by the road. There was a few people just hanging out in the front laughing and talking with friends. The front door was wide open welcoming anyone who walked in. I honestly think I'd rather be at some club in New York City but I was going to have fun and enjoy this, well somewhat seems like one, date. I could do without the random people I don't know but I have a feeling the alcohol is the only thing helping me tonight. I don't plan on getting wasted but every time I think of something I don't want to think about Im drinking. Simple as that. The music was blasted and the best part is there were no neighbors to be a buzz kill.
I didn't know Charlie was out of the car until he knocked on my window. I stepped out of the car nervously. I haven't been to a party like this since my older sister threw a college party and invited me. Of course I left early because she was being a bitch about me not drinking as much as her, which was absolutely nothing. She wasn't drinking any alcohol. I was always the bad child in the house, why stop then? Why stop now? Screw it, I'm here to have fun with Charlie.
He wasn't kidding about showing me off. He pulled me by his side and wrapped his arm around my shoulder. He smiled proudly and called out to someone. I wasn't really listening because I felt like I didn't fit in and everyone was staring at Charlie and me. I felt uncomfortable and out of place. Charlie recognized how nervous I was and squeezed my shoulder to reassure me but it didn't work. It was going to take a lot more than just squeezing my shoulder. He took me by my hand and dragged me through the front door. I realized the person he called to was following us inside to the empty couch on the side of the living room. He sat down and pulled me on to his lap. I smiled feeling much better in his arms. I noticed the the person who followed us was Trevor. Out of all people Trevor had to be here. I didn't hate Trevor but he was dating my best friend and it was awkward for me because he actually got Savannah to talk to him. I said the casual hey, how are you. I think it was a little weird for Trevor because one night I'm spending a romantic dinner date with him and his best friend and now I'm sleeping at his other best friends apartment and I'm sitting on his lap in front of him, yeah totally awkward for me.