
We arrived after a few hours of nonstop driving. I started to feel sick to my stomach and fear washed over me. I was afraid and I didn't know what to expect. Charlie turned off the car and we sat there silently as I looked at the house that looked abandoned. I wonder if my mom already moved and to be honest I wouldn't expect anything less but with my luck she was packed and just needed a moving truck to pick up the stuff. She knew I was coming why wouldn't she try to get out while she could. I turned around and looked forward realizing my mom seriously doesn't care that much about me. I brought my knees up to my chest and hugged them tightly resting my chin on top. I was thinking of my next step. I was here and suddenly forgot why I came in the first place. All I'm thinking now is that this was a mistake and a big one at that. I turned to look at a frowning Charlie. Gosh I feel so bad, this guy has seen me go through so much in the amount of time that I've lived with him. All I bring him is my drama filled life. I slowly opened the door and stepped out.
"Go home. I'll be ok." I turned back to face him but instead I looked over the car to see Savannah's car and then continued. "Besides I'll just get a ride from Savannah" I pointed to the small car across the street and became nervous. What the hell is she doing here? "Go. At least go to the park that's around the corner. If I need you I'll call." That was definitely a lie. Id need him but I wouldn't bother him about it, if anything Id end up walking there without warning. Thank god lying to my mom all these years paid off because he nodded and told me to be careful before speeding off and taking a left.
I stood there staring at the car wondering why the girl who is supposed to be my best friend is saying goodbye to my mom, if that's what they're doing. My mom and savannah had only met about 4 times so seriously why is she here? I walked slowly and cautiously to the house and by time I went to open the front door I noticed my hands were shaking. The last time I was this afraid was when I was sitting at my dads funeral. It was a living nightmare and I couldn't take it. I opened the door quietly and heard voices.
".. And she's my best friend!" I heard savannah scream. I wish I knew the beginning of the conversation.
"You my dear have not a damn clue about why she could use the move. I know my daughter and she will come home soon enough, you just watch."
"Watch her what? Come home to an empty house to find her mother missing along with all of her stuff. Newflash bitch she hates you." I was taken back. I knew savannah could get mad and lash out but I never thought I'd see the day, well hear in my case, where she'd call an adult, especially my mother, a bitch. I smiled because I was so proud.
Until my mom spoke up. "Really, you have nerve. I'll give you credit for that but if you were really her 'best friend' like you both say you are then you'd know where she is right now, you'd know she would come home, and you my darling would have told her from the damn beginning about our little deal here. So now tell me what's more important. Her safety or your friendship?" My mom is evil I'll give her that but what the hell has been going on this past year?!
"You're stupid if you don't think I know where she's at first of all, second of all yea she would come home but only for a matter of minutes to pack up her shit and leave like the smart girl she is, and third that deal was off the minute I covered your ass from him. You know, the one where I'd keep her away from the house as much as I could because people are after you, in fact, your family and now she's in danger because of you. Look where you are now sweetie! You've got the biggest leader coming after you both but mainly her. Once they find her she's dead. You on the other hand will keep you if they find you before her and that's why it's better I know where she is than you." Im officially speechless I stepped in the house and closed the door and laid on the couch that was in good distance of them so I could hear everything loud and clear. They don't know im here yet and I'm not letting them know until I get more details.