
I laid on the hood against the windshield staring up at the stars not at all afraid anymore. I had a blanket wrapped around me to protect me from the brutally cold air. Screw safe. I've got a gun and I just had a practice run. A person or animal to mess with me would be extremely stupid.
~-~
I have to go home and get bombarded with questions tonight which I really don't feel like doing. Im stalling as much as I can. The longer I wait though the more im screwed. I've made a lot of decisions up here though. I've decided im going to give charlie and Max a chance to explain. I've decided im not going to kick charlie where it hurts and im not going to punch max for keeping his brother a secret. I've decided im going to get my information from not only savannah but also max. I've decided I need the information from max and that max deserves a chance. I've decided I need to start putting my family and friends ahead of me. I've decided I need to actually talk to someone instead of running away every time. I've decided to stop making these decisions and just go home.
The drive home was long and intense. I felt like I was starting to suffocate. I started panicking while driving and it just wasn't ok. I rolled my window down and practically stuck my head out the window so I could breathe. I became nervous. Why was I even feeling like this? Oh yea because I promised Id never leave again. Oh well they'll get over it. It was just a break. I needed some alone time before my birthday anyways and I got a week of it. Im more relaxed from my mini vacation but this drive home wasn't helping me at all right now.
I parked in the drive and just continued to stare at the door before it flew wide open with a very pissed of boy. I hit my head on the steering wheel completely feeling defeated. That look was one Id never wanted to face again. Ty was only this mad at me one other time. The two of us had gone to a party and i got so drunk I couldn't even stand, to be honest im surprised I even remember that night. Ok time to face Godzilla. I got out of the car and walked up to ty.
He didn't even stay there. He walked away from me. Ok so this is much worse than when I got drunk. Im getting the silent treatment by a 20 year old, wonderful. I walked in the house to find everyone sitting in the living room. Parker and Ben were just as mad as ty and none of them even looked at me. Charlie was looking at me with an unreadable expression. Max and savannah had the same look of annoyance, worry, anger, and even sadness on their faces not even trying to mask it. When none of them said anything for five minutes I slammed the door and went to my room. I took the longest shower I've ever taken and put on something decent and threw my hair in a messy bun.
I sat in my room for hours and no one even tried to come up here. After all I did slam three doors and one of these three doors twice. I can't just sit up here anymore. I have other people I need to go see and apologize to. I grabbed a light jacket, my keys, and iPod. I put on my sandals and headed downstairs. I had my earbuds in and music on already on full volume. Oh well if I go deaf. That was my way of telling people to move away from me im not in the mood. As I opened the door I was yanked back quite roughly. I paused my music and turned around to scream at whoever it was but my expression softened when I saw a scared looking Ben.
"Where are you going?" He asked which brought back my anger.
"Now you want to talk?" I yelled in his face and then looked past him to see everyone else behind him. "No, I've been in my room for hours and no one even came up. I don't have to deal with this. Im going out and I'll be back later. I have people I need to talk to." With that being said I opened the front door but was once again pulled back by Ben.
"Yea and we're those people. So sit and talk." I've never seen any of them like this. What is the matter with them. Still, I don't have to take this crap.