
I clenched my fists at the thought of my life being a lie for the past year or so maybe longer for all I know. I slammed my fist down on the middle console and made savannah jump back. I cursed under my breath and said a few choice words to describe a few choice people. Savannah was looking at me every few seconds. She was wondering what was wrong and when I was finally going to snap. To be honest I was keeping myself controlled and that is by far the scariest thing I could do. I don't blame her for being a little panicked. I slammed my fist into the window this time but now as hard so I didn't make the window shatter.
"Go to the park." No response and I became a little more angrier as I saw her turn on the right signal "Now!" I screamed. She listened this time and changed to the left signal.
Silence. Awkward tension filled silence. I was furious and I had every reason in the world to be. I turned swiftly and looked at savannah. "You owe me explanations. No questions no beating around the bush. Straight forward answers. Obviously right now is just not a good time for the both of us." I stated. I deserve answers and plan to get them. We arrived at the park. "Get out and let's go." She obeyed like she was my dog. I can get used to this for now.
I walked to the swings and sat down. I started processing everything going on. So let's get this straight one last time before having to give Charlie the basics, I thought. So my ex boyfriend that no one had a clue about also known as the top leader of one of the biggest gangs around is looking for me. His ex minion is slowly killing my family off and won't be long until he finally comes after me. My best friend betrayed me on so many different levels. My mom pretty much forced my only friendship and hates me just as much as I do her. My life is going so well right now. Gosh I thought knife and I agreed this was over and I was out of his gang after we ended. Old wounds are about to be opened up and probably become much much deeper along with some salt being poured in them.
Knife was the best guy I could ever ask to walk into my life. He met my dad and they instantly became best friends. I knew him way before the gang, we met when we were 10 and stayed friends for 2 years. My dad always cracked the same joke every now and then but also had a small hint of a serious tone when always 'threatening' to get his gun if knife ever hurt me. He may have been the complete bad ass but with me he showed his sweet side and only me. My dad eventually knew about the gang and knew I joined but he was constantly worried even though he accepted the fact I was in it. What dad wouldn't be worried about his 12 year old in a gang. Well we didn't really do much with them because we were young, to be honest I don't know how we even ended up in the gang, but he knew knife, or as I like to call him Max, his first name, would protect me. Well long story short I moved away for a few years and recently came back a little over a year ago. Everything was great with Max but I caught him in a corner with some chick when we went to a club in New York City to handle some 'business' when we were 16, I remember because I was in town for a week and I spent it with him, we had been doing a secret long distance relationship since the year my dad died. The last thing about that night I remember is that I decked her and broke her nose all with a smile on my face. From that night max and I went downhill, him cheating with some random chick wasn't the reason we broke up it was the fact he cheated with the only other girl in the small crew we actually traveled with instead of the whole gang. The crew consisted of Max, Ty, Parker, Ben, Savannah and I. Put it all together and you have one screwed up math equation.
'Ugh' I screamed in my head. What have I dragged Charlie into now?! This seriously can't be happening. Charlie will be ready to protect me which will lead to knife going after him. No, no one else I love is dying on me.