
Charlie accidentally woke me up while making a sharp turn. "Sorry, love." He flashed an apologetic smile my way. I nodded "Its ok, I shouldn't have been sleeping anyways. I'm horrible company. I'm the one that should be apologizing." He chuckled and shook his head. He took me by surprise when he moved his hand to my knee. I jumped a little but relaxed knowing it was him. I knew he was only trying to make me feel better and he knew it was working by the way I smiled and my cheeks became a light pink. I rested my hand over his, thanking him once again. I turned to look out the window taking in my surroundings. The moon was shining bright and the stars danced all around the sky. The wind was blowing making the trees sway slowly. It was calming. I had taken my mind off of almost everything and focused on tonight. My mother has become the least of my worries but I was really worried about savannah and that I couldn't deny. As much as I took my mind of it, everything I thought of reminded me of her and some past memories we had. I remember when we went to the park last year and bought ice cream at one of the stands by the playground. It's a memory that stuck to me because after we bought the ice cream a little girl came up to us and asked us to buy her ice cream. We were on our way home at that time so I told her we really had to go but she got mad and threw a tantrum and then for some reason kicked us both in the knee. It was a little girl so of course we weren't going to be the babies crying to our mom saying a girl much younger then us kicked us and to go yell at her mother for raising a little brat. No that's not at all what happened, I gave the girl a dollar to shut up and stop screaming and I cursed under my breath when we walked away from her. Yeah bad experience but good day. I admit I miss my best friend but it's not my fault she ran out of my house without giving me a chance to explain things. As much as I want to call her and make up like we always do, I won't because I'm not apologizing for something I didn't even do or start.
This night was starting to bug me now. Thinking about Savannah has pissed me off because I didn't do a damn thing to her, if anyone should be hurt its me, not her. Whatever. I feel bad that Charlie has to deal with an attitude I won't recognize until later, most likely when we get to his apartment. I don't feel so bad knowing how I am and this is how it usually goes. 1- I get pissed for some reason, usually a stupid small reason. 2- I gain an attitude within .5 seconds. 3- Use the attitude on whoever is closest to me. 4- I become the ultimate bitch but I do my best to hold back. 5- Fake a smile and calm down. 6 apologize at the end of the day with the most apologetic message or smile, sometimes both. 7- continue apologizing for the next 3 days until they yell at me to stop. Yea I know how I am, I just have a really hard time controlling this side of me. I let such small things bother me, including how savannah is mad at me for no damn reason. Let the walk through hell begin, who knows maybe I'll be able to control myself tonight.
I was so in my own world that I forgot I was still in the car with Charlie. If he didn't ask me whatever he asked then I'd still be in daydream world where it's all paint and clay. Yes I said paint and clay, I'm a growing artist, what do you expect? You will never hear rainbows and unicorns from me, I'm not a girly girl.
"What did you say?" I said confused. "I spaced out."
"I can tell, are you ok?" He looked at me then back at the road. He didn't even bother with his original question.
"Yeah.." I paused "Yeah I was just thinking about Savannah and then I went to my happy place because I got mad."
"Oh." He was shocked. "Do you want to go home? We can go out another time-"
Before he could say any more I stopped him "No, it's fine, I promise. I'll be ok. I'm looking forward to what you have in store for us. I'm up for anything especially with you."
"Ok, well if you're sure you're ok then I'm sure I will do my best to make your night great." He smiled.