
I walked away with a horrible feeling in my stomach. It wasn't pain but I was afraid of all the thoughts running through my head. I found myself at the entrance debating on whether I should leave or not. I ran away from my problems, it's what I do best and eventually they pass over most of the times. I froze in my spot as a pair of arms wrapped around my waist from behind. This wasn't helping my situation, now I was paranoid. This brought me back to a horrible night. A night I can't forget, a night that only happened a few months ago.
Some guy drugged me and tried to rape me. He had a sickening smile on his face the entire time he was around me. The night is a bit blurry but I remember he chained me up on a bed laying in his basement. He smacked me In the face and punched my stomach even kicked me at first. I begged and pleaded for him to stop hurting me but his smile grew wider at my pain. He put tape over my mouth and pulled a knife out. He lightly traced my neck and arms with it and of course I was panicking but I didn't let it show. If I showed the smallest bit of fear he'd cut me. He cut my shirt in half and ripped it open revealing my chest. Next thing I knew savannah came to my rescue literally knocking the door down the steps with a gun in her hand. The guy stood up and just laughed dropping the knife next to me. She hesitated until she saw me crying with my shirt ripped and tape on my mouth all while being chained up. Instead of aiming at his legs she moved the gun upwards and shot him in the head without a second thought. Putting the gun in her pocket she got a hammer and broke the locks and peeled the tape off, freeing me and engulfing me in a hug while crying herself. She whispered to me 'im so sorry' I cried harder as we sat there in silence. She gave me her hoodie and pulled me out of the house that she went back to later and set it on fire. No one knows about that night except her, me, and the dead guy. Savannah never got caught.
The person wrapped around me whispered in my ear "You okay? You look like you've seen a ghost." I closed my eyes and relaxed realizing it was only knife. I nodded in response and turned around to hug him. He noticed a tear run down my cheek and frowned "Everything is ok, don't cry." He wiped away the tear and kissed my forehead.
"Let's get the rest of the crew and go eat." I smiled sadly. He noticed the sad smile and smirked which left me confused. Did he really enjoy seeing me cry? Memories flooded back to me and a few more tears came out. He picked me up bridal style and I gasped not expecting that. I just laughed and realized that's why he smirked. I kissed his cheek and wrapped my arms around his neck so I didn't fall, not that he'd drop me or anything. Note the sarcasm, he's done it to me before.
They all stared at the two of us as knife was carrying me out of the club in his arms. Charlie had a fake smile on his face and I frowned. Im only doing this to protect him, though I did miss this im doing it so charlie doesn't get hurt more then Im hurting him now. Knife tied my bike down in the back of his pick up truck seeing as he wasn't letting me drive I wasn't leaving my baby alone.
We went to this cute small restaurant and sat in a corner booth. Since I hate sitting on the inside i made everyone get in first so I could have one of the ends but knife and savannah were the same way so I knew Savannah wasn't giving it up. I tugged him to sit down and sat in his lap surprising everyone. Charlie probably knew this was knife by now but I stupidly brought it up anyways. "Charlie this is knife, knife this is charlie." I said kind of shaky as everyone looked down except for the three of us. Knife put his hand out to shake with a smile on his face. I raised my eyebrows at this. Why is he being nice? Right, he doesn't know I brought him here and he doesn't know he's staying with us.