
"Nice to see you again. What are you doing here?" He asked which confused me even more but savannah looked up with confusion too.
"Hold up you too know each other?!" She said to knife and turned to charlie "And you let this chick go freaking crazy worrying about what this jerk would do?!" She said getting louder. "Pathetic" she said getting up and walked outside. I looked at charlie and all he did was look down. I had nothing to say to him so I got up and started to leave. I heard knife ask charlie "So im assuming she doesn't know we're half brothers?" I walked out and saw savannah sitting on the sidewalk.
"Im sorry Chrissy but that was ridiculous. He had you worried so much." She looked at me.
"It's fine, I'm just as disappointed as you. I wasn't expecting this. Come on lets go home and order pizza." I put my hand out and she nodded as she accepted my help up. We glanced at the guys and walked away to Savannahs car shaking our heads.
Charlie's POV
"So im assuming she doesn't know we're half brothers?" He asked me as I watched her walk out.
"No, you idiot. Just like I didn't know you were the jerk that broke her heart." I hit the the table with my fist.
"Excuse me? Watch it bro. You may be older then me by three months and think you're better then me but watch it. I own this place. Watch out where your little girl takes you." He said clearly pissed.
"Calm down, she's not my girl. I don't know if it's obvious but she still loves you. Once again you get the girl but don't put this one in danger. If she gets hurt I'll come back and kill you like I should've done last time. Tell her I went home." I said getting up to leave.
"Oh you're not going home. We have a mess to fix first then you can do whatever the hell you want. Don't worry about me putting her in danger, she creates it here." He smiled and I sat back down. He's right i at least owe her an apology.
I had my suspicions it was him when she first mentioned his name but I figured it was just a coincidence. I was so wrong about that. I need to fix this.
"How do you even know her anyways?" He asked. I sipped my soda and answered honestly.
"Jack took her on a date then had a fallout with her mom so Trevor brought her to me crying her eyes out. Ever since then she's been staying with me. We've gotten pretty close but this probably made her hate me."
"Told you idiots she'd be by the beach." He pointed to other three that sat silently "She loved that beach before her dad died." He smiled sadly looking at the table. with tears in his eyes. I don't think I've ever seen him like this. "I miss that man, he didn't deserve to die." He whispered but I still heard him.
Crystals POV
The door bell rang and spike went ballistic. "Anna! Get spike in the room!" I yelled to her so we could get our pizza and eat. A few seconds later she grabbed a dog toy and threw it up the stairs giving me time to open the door and grab the food. I gave him $35 and told him to keep the change while slamming the door after I grabbed the pizza.
"Anna the foods here!" I scream again and she ran down the stairs faster then before. To say we were up hungry would be an understatement. Ok so maybe im exaggerating but we were really hungry. She grabbed the box and ran upstairs leaving me on the couch laughing. I sprinted upstairs and to our room to find her sitting on her bean bag chair with the pizza on the floor next to her. I plopped down and took a piece as she did the same. There is nothing an Xbox and pizza can't fix.