
I happily woke up the next morning with Charlie sitting on the couch and my head resting on his lap. I don't know how he managed to move me without waking up but then again I'm not much of a light sleeper. I could probably be kidnapped in the middle of the night and be asleep in the process of their plan. I turned to lay on my back and looked at Charlie he was kind of adorable when he was lost in thought. He didn't notice I was awake yet so I poked him and he jumped up. "Sorry didn't mean to scare you." I giggled. We laughed and I sat up next to him still snuggling close. I had a long night and I really didn't want Charlie to leave but im pretty sure he had to work today. He works at this cute little seafood place, of course, downtown. I feel bad that Charlie has no clue with what's going on with me and why I was a mess all over again. It's certainly not Savannah but it is my dad and I never told Charlie about him. He always asked about my dad and where he was but I always avoided the questions and he finally stopped asking but now he has a right to know. I decided to break the ice because Charlie looks awkward and I can feel the tension in the air.
"Don't you have to work today?" I asked checking the time. "It's almost 9 and you have to be there by 9:50, shouldn't you be getting ready?"
"Uhm I should be but I already called out sick.." He said awkwardly. "I'm going to spend the day with you and make sure you're going to be ok." I felt a little relieved but I felt bad. Charlie never calls out sick even when he is sick. This is good though I can explain everything to him, the thing with savannah, the thing with my mom, and yesterday. Today I had a lot to do. I promised myself I would take care of everything. Today I'm going home and talking to my mom, I'm going to Savannah's to make amends and I'm going to tell Charlie everything about everything. Maybe I'll try talking to him about us too if I'm up for it. One thing at a time though, I need to take baby steps.
"Oh." I sounded shocked but fireworks were going off in my stomach. It's sweet that he wants to make sure I'm ok.
"Yeah, but it's ok, anything for you and plus you seem like you really need a friend right now.." He paused and I became afraid of what he was about to say next because clearly he wasn't done. "I called Savannah and told her what was going on. She wanted to know where you were so I gave her my address and she said she'd be over in a little bit. I know you're probably going to be mad but you guys need to talk about this and work things out. From what you told me she is your best friend and you love her dearly. Don't let whatever you guys are fighting about ruin your friendship." He said quickly so I didn't interrupt him even though I wanted to.
"Thanks." I kissed his cheek and got up from the couch to go take a shower. I stopped before I left the room and turned around quickly and said "I'll explain everything soon, I promise. You have a right to know some things." And with that I walked into the bathroom and took a quick shower. I threw on my favorite ripped jeans and my black tank top.
I walked out of the bathroom and walked towards the couch to find Charlie sleeping. He must really be tired if he's sleeping again, he usually never goes back to bed after he wakes up. I'll let him sleep, he needs it, I went into his room and turned the tv on. My childhood favorite cartoon was on, Spongebob. I started to think about all the times that me and my dad would spend the weekend mornings watching it and laughing with each other, ahh good times. It's times like these where the pain comes and goes and sometimes the happy memories cancel the pain out. I missed my dad and that was a given, even a stupid person could see that. You could see the pain in my eyes when I talked about him and the happiness in my voice when Id bring old memories up. I knew I had to tell Charlie soon I had to get this out, I have it all built up inside because I can't talk to my best friend about it since we're not even talking.
I couldn't take it anymore I turned off the tv as I got up and walked out of the room. I shook Charlie gently until he opened his eyes. I had to tell him. It was now or never. He groaned and rolled over as I laughed. "Charlie. Charlie wake up!" I shouted and he jumped up. "Please go get ready. I want to go out for a little bit." He wouldn't move actually he just laid back down and closed his eyes. I threatened to pour water on him and still nothing so I got up and put the sink on and grabbed a glass. I filled it with water and shut the tap off and walked over to him soon after. "You have three seconds to get up and go get ready before I pour this glass of water on you." He didn't move an inch, this boy is making a huge mistake. I started counting "1...... 2....." Ok fine I guess I'll just give him a taste of what I'll do. I poured a few drops of water on his head but he still didn't move. Ugh this boy is frustrating and as much as I don't want to pour the water on him it looks like I'm going to. "3." I started tilting the glass but he shot up faster then ever and gripped onto my hand and shot me an evil glare. "Fine! You win. I'll get up." I smiled and walked away as he got up.