
"Hey." I said softly
"Shh, baby girl" he whispered "it's too early go back to bed. We'll talk later." I frowned. How was I supposed to go to sleep when my two idiot friends woke me up not knowing they did.
"You guys do know you woke me up, right? I'm not going back to bed." I sat up to find savannah trying to hold back her laughter. I took my pillow and got up hitting her in the face with it which I earned a glare but I just smirked. I turned around a gave it to Charlie. "I wouldn't be laughing savannah. You know how I am after being awoken." I said getting mad
Charlie started to say something but before he could even get a full word in I stopped him "Shh, baby boy, it's too early go to bed. We'll talk later." I threw his words back in his face which left a speechless Charlie furious as I smirked.
I walked to the closet and got out a pair of black skinny jeans, a white tank top, and a towel. My mission was to take a shower while I let them sleep for a few hours so I could get rid of my attitude from being rudely awoken. I stepped in the bathroom and slammed the door shut angrily. I put the clothes down and turned the hot water on in the shower causing it to fill the bathroom with steam. I took my time so I could try to relax but it didn't work so I just rushed myself. After I was done I just stood in the hot water until it turned cold and made me jump. I stepped out quickly after shutting the water off and got dressed.
I walked out of the bathroom and threw my clothes and towel into the laundry basket at the foot of my bed. I saw Charlie was knocked out cold and savannah was peacefully sleeping. I went over to my blue bean bag chair and jumped on it landing on my stomach. I turned on the tv and started flipping through the channels but nothing was on so I just left it on the news. I learned some idiot set a house on fire last night but luckily no one was inside so it was ok. I feel bad for the family that just lost their house. I decided to take spike on a walk to the park so I quickly wrote a note saying 'Taking spike for a walk. Don't worry about me I'll be home later. -crys'
I grabbed my phone, leather jacket, and my favorite white and black nikes and ran to my beautiful big cuddle bug laying on the black leather couch. Spike was like my second best friend that I told everything too. Let's just say if he could talk Id be dead. I whistled and caught his attention he looked at me with those big beautiful brown eyes and I immediately said 'Aww'. "Want to go for a walk boy? Huh?" I said in a baby voice. He cocked his head to side "let's go for a walk boy, come on." I bent over a little and started patting my thighs. He ran over to me all excited. I grabbed the chain and hooked it onto his spiked collar. I grabbed a few dog treats and left the house with the only thing that could make me smile this early in the morning. I didn't plan on going home for awhile, I just wanted to clear my mind and forget everything for a few hours.
Instead of going straight to the small park nearby I took the long way by going the opposite way and going around the other side of the street and back towards the park. I didn't feel like taking a 10 minute walk I wanted a much longer one and that's what I was getting. It was at least half an hour before I finally got there and I was a little out of breath so I quickly found a bench alone the path and sat down as spike laid in front of my feet. Lazy dog. We stayed there for a little bit while I stared into the distance watching people speed walk and jog by. I cleared my mind and all of my thoughts were gone instantly. I looked down and just smiled for no reason.
I've been sitting at the park with spike for almost two hours so I finally let him have some fun of his own. I unhooked the chain."Go ahead boy, run around."