
I finally arrived at the beach. It was beautiful outside, the sun was out and there was a nice little breeze every once in awhile. I heard the sound of seaguls, people talking, and the waves crashing. I found a bathroom and changed fast and then I remembered I never took my towel and chair out of my trunk from the last time I was at the beach so I got them out and found a nice open area in the middle of the beach. I laid the towel down and put my chair behind it. Even though I still technically had a boyfriend, I found myself drooling over the group of guys throwing a football around with their shirts off. It was perfect, I was in paradise. I watched them for a few mintues and after awhile I got tired of seeing each of them catch the ball every time it was thrown to them. I sat back and realxed as much as I could.
My phone rang and I was in no rush to answer it. It was probably Sam wondering where I was or what I was doing, not that he cared anyways. It started sinking in that it was time to let go but that's besides the point, first loves are never easy to get over. I found the phone on the towel and saw it was an old friend. I haven't talked to her in years so I didn't really care, I ignored the call and saw I had a text. It was my mom. I haven't talked to my mom most of the weekend because I was either fighting with someone or crying. She wanted to know where I was and wanted to know if I was ok. I ignored it and started gathering my things together. I realized I was only here for an hour and a half. At this point I just stopped caring, I dropped my towel and didn't even bother picking it up, I continued to the car with my chair in one hand and my phone in the other. I was almost to the car when I heard a voice shouting, I turned around only to find a guy with my towel in his hand. I stopped and waited for him to catch up and only then did I realize it was one of the guys that had been throwing the football around.
He caught up and said " Hey, I think you dropped this." Holding the towel out in front of him
"Yeah," I said " thanks, but you didn't have to return it."
He looked at me like I just yelled at a little kid "Oh?" Was his only response.
"I mean I knew I dropped it, I just wanted to leave so I left it." I said kindly
"Well, I wanted to, I saw you turn around and look at it." He said handing me the towel.
I smiled "Thank you, I'm Crystal by the way."
"I'm Jack," He smiled " so I know this is kind of strange to ask considering we just met and all but would you like to hang out some time?" He said nervously with his cheeks turning a light shade of red.
I put my chair down and unlocked my phone. I went to add a new contact and gave him my phone as I said " Here, give me your number and I'll text you tonight and we can make plans for the weekend or something."
"Sounds perfect!" He said as he typed his number and handed me my phone.
"I should get going, I'll text you later." I said as I smiled, picking up my chair.
"Talk to you later!" He said before running back to the beach in excitement like he just scored the winning touchdown in the Super Bowl.
I got in my car and texted him "Hey, it's Crystal! (:" I drove away with the biggest smile on my face and butterflies in my stomach. I know I have a boyfriend right now, but who's to say I'll have one when I'm making plans with Jack. I'll take care of Sam as soon as I can but first I need to go apologize to Savannah and make everything right again. I drove around for a little bit before I went home. I went home around 7 because I started getting tired. I ate the left over dinner and ran to my room after. I jumped on the bed laying face down in the pillow. I eventually got up and changed into something more comfortable. I shut off my light and walked over to my bed and laid down, and before I knew it, I was sound asleep in my world of dreams.