
I woke up to a person shaking me. I opened my eyes slowly and said "Ok, ok I'm up. Geez." I was annoyed. "What's wrong?" No one responded. I opened my eyes completely and I didn't see anyone around me, not even Jack. Where did he run off to? Whatever, I thought. I went to text Savannah to come get me but I realized it was the middle of the day and I missed another day of school. I looked around the small part of the beach hoping there was a sign of Jack still being here. I saw his phone and car keys which had to mean he was still here some where. I got up and grabbed his phone and keys along with my heels and phone. I walked to the parking lot and stopped at the end of the path. I saw Jack standing there talking to a girl.
I put his phone and keys on the path and left. I started walking towards the street hoping Jack wouldn't see me, but, of course, he did. He stared at me in confusion. I wished he came after me but he didn't. How could have I been so stupid. Of course a guy like him has a girlfriend. I called Savannah at 2 to come pick me up and she did. I walked around for hours, finally deciding to go to the small coffee shop we saw last night and hoping she would be smart enough to find me there. I'm glad she was my best friend because she knew me so well. 5 minutes after I walked into the coffee shop she walked in and saw me drinking a cup of coffee in the corner. I got up and walked towards hers. "Let's go." I said. I walked out of the shop and got in her car, I leaned the seat back and slept the whole car ride avoiding the questions I knew she had.
She dropped me off at home. "You ok?" She asked.
"Yeah," my voice cracked "I'm just tired."
"Alright I'm coming in." She said as she turned her car off. "You can spill and then we can finally have our horror movie marathon."
"Okk." I said feeling a little better.
We went into my house and walked upstairs to my room. "So what's really up?" She asked.
"Well for starters when I woke up Jack left me on a small private part of the beach alone." I said upset. "Then when I went to go find him I found him in the parking lot talking to a girl so I left and went to the coffee shop."
"Guys are stupid. We both know this." She chuckled. "Mission accomplished?"
"Mission accomplished." I laughed.
I turned the tv on and found a bunch of horror movies. I let her choose the first movie and she chose "Child's Play". I squealed in excitement. We were so into horror movies that we never got scared. We laughed at the idiots and screamed at them for being so stupid. Instead of being a coward, we were the bravest girls you'd ever meet. We had the tv so loud my neighbor came over and asked us to lower the loud noise and we did.
My mom came home and asked me to come downstairs. I ran down hoping whatever she wanted wouldn't be long. She told me to sit down.
"I have some news.." She said uneasy "We're moving down by the bea-" I cut her off
"How could you?! I have a life here mom! I can't just up and leave my best friend! She is all I have. Can't say much about you, you're never home." I said angrily. "You know what. I'm 18 in 2 months. Screw you. I'm not going anywhere. You can leave I don't care. I'll runaway but you wouldn't even noticed. For gods sake, I could be dead and you wouldn't even care. I bet you didn't know I was at the beach with a guy all night. Huh?" I shouted. "Some mother you are."
Savannah was at the bottom of the stairs and heard every word. She ran out the front door upset and almost in tears. I couldn't tell if she was upset because my mom said we were moving or because I just told my mother off and said I'd runaway. I ran after her but she had already sped off. I ran back inside and grabbed my keys. I walked to the door and opened it but I froze in the doorway. I turned around and screamed angrily "This is all your fucking fault." I walked out of the house and slammed the front door as hard as I could. I got in my car and sped off to who knows where. The last thing I remember was driving around for hours and then finally arriving at someone's house. They opened the door and hugged me because I was crying so much. After that everything was a complete blur.