
"Home sweet home" I said with the biggest grin on my face. I missed the city. I was practically jumping in my seat. I was about get out but her voice stopped me.
"Ain't it good to be home? We've really missed you." She said. I turned around quickly and saw her smile. It was a sad and apologetic smile asking for forgiveness and her blue eyes were filled with shame and guilt. I was about to say it was ok and that we should get going but I got distracted by the beautiful pitbull barking.
"Spike!" I shouted. Oh how I've missed this dog. I got out of the car and ran to the smokey gray dog sitting before me. I knelt down and was immediately knocked down by spike jumping on me and licking my face. Ew, dog slobber. I just laughed it off and pushed the big fatty aside so I could pet him. As much as the crew hated it and wouldn't admit it, spike loved me most. Savannah was laughing at my childish behavior and I shot her a glare. In my defense I adored spike and I loved him like no one else could, even spike knew that.
We walked inside the house we all shared when we wanted fun. We called it our hideout but really it wasn't, our hideout was under the club Knife owned. Since it was only a four bedroom the boys got their own room and us two girls shared. Of course we got the biggest room with the walk in closet and private bathroom. Plus we wouldn't have trashed the room like the others and why let a beautiful room go to waste with some boy?
We had two single beds in the left corner, side by side, that was separated by a wide black nightstand that we shared. We had a small lamp and a digital clock on it. Across from our beds was the bathroom that had white walls and a white tiled floor. It wasn't huge but it was big enough. There was a double sink on the right when you first walk in and a mirror covering most of the wall over the sinks, and the toilet was in between the shower and sink. We had a big soft fuzzy light blue circle rug towards the other side of the room surround by five bean bag chairs facing the big flatscreen tv hanging on the wall. We had an Xbox and play station with five controllers sitting under it. We always fought over which one to get so I ended up buying both for Christmas along with a controller for each of us. The walls were a light blue green color and we had a black marble tiled floor. Next to the tv was our huge walk in closet. Savannah and I had the closet filled with towels, clothes, shoes, and accessories. I called shotgun on the right hand side leaving savannah no option but to take the left.
I ran upstairs to our room and it looked exactly how we always left it, neat and clean. Our beds were made and the floor was sparkling from the light. It was just as beautiful as always.
"I think I'm just going to sleep. I'll visit the family tomorrow but I still need you to go get Charlie. We really can't afford anything to go wrong so better safe then sorry, literally." I jumped on my bed which was the one up against the wall.
"Sure thing but I don't want to leave you alone, why don't you come with me and ride your bike. It'll be like old times and I won't be worrying about the boys coming home to find you. They come more often then usual." My eyes widened at that. I guess they know me all too well.
"Nah, I'll be good. If I hear someone I'll just hide in the closet. Be safe lightning" we laughed. She always hated that nickname but I called her that because when she gets on that motorcycle she's fast and dangerous. "Oh and hey don't worry about us not being friends. You may have betrayed me but you'll always be my sister. After all I can't just let the one true friend I've had out of my life but you have a bunch of explaining to do one day. I'm not too worried over it so don't worry either."