
"Well I was looking for you, silly. I am taking you guys to the club tonight and savannah is meeting us there later. So now let's go find Parker!" I cheered happily "Lead the way babe" I nudged him.
We were off down the street ten minutes later back to where I started. Side by side we drove another five minutes out to Parker but it took two just to find him since Ty didn't know where he was exactly, just around the area. Ty went into the coffee shop on the corner and sat at the table by the window with Parker. They started talking and Parker looked confused. I was currently watching from afar by the bikes across the street. They both looked out the window and I took that as my cue to walk towards the coffee shop. Once again traffic was on my side as the light was red so I cut around the cars. I opened the door and the little bell rang causing Parker to stand up as he saw me. I walked up to him with my head down. I feel like I disappointed him the most when I left. I stopped when I saw his shoes that made me realize I was in front of him.
"Hey." I said softly with my voice shaky. I felt his arms go around me and a tear slid down my cheek. I missed them so much that I'm crying. Im also crying because I let my boys down when I promised I'd always stay with them but I was forced away from them. He let go of me and I continued to look down with another tear rolling down my cheek.
"What's wrong? Why are you looking down?" He asked concern filled in voice. He lifted my chin up with his finger and frowned when he saw the tears. "Why are you crying baby girl?" Gee nicknames just never die Huh? I never minded that one but still.
"Because I never realized how much Ive missed you guys. How much I've disappointed you guys. How much I've hurt you guys and I couldn't even do a damn thing to stop it. I had to go when that was the last thing I ever wanted to do." I said as a few more silent tears came out. Ty was now next to Parker looking down at me.
"This isn't your fault baby girl. We know you had to go. We were just upset our sister had to leave because she didn't have a choice. It killed us when you were forced to move away but look where you are now baby girl you're standing before us. You never disappointed us it just killed us not knowing when you'd show up again." He said trying to reassure me. I just nodded as I hugged him tightly. I heard Ty start to speak so I pulled back.
"Plus babe we knew you couldn't live without us." He winked and smiled. We all shared a laugh and I hugged them both. "You ready to go now? See the last man of the house?" He asked and I laughed.
"Id hardly call you boys men. Knife is the only man out of you four." I laughed. "But yes babe im ready to go see the last boy of the house." I made sure to emphasize 'boy' and cracked a smile. We all walked out of the coffee shop laughing and smiling.
Parker had his car so Ty and I stayed behind him. We were now heading down the road to the club. Our beautiful club. I missed it so much. Ok I've missed everything here but I'll never stop saying it. Going back took a little longer because traffic had picked up a little bit. I was in no rush though, I still had at least twenty-five minutes before savannah arrived with charlie. I focused on the road and just started thinking. Why am I even here? Im just going to hurt the boys again. I don't plan on staying in the city forever. That plan sailed weeks ago when I first met Jack. Jack and Trevor showed me that you have to live while you still can.
I came to a quick halt before crashing in to Parkers car. He would've been pissed. I was so caught up in my thoughts that I didn't even realize I had followed him to the back of the club. Ty and I got off our bikes and Parker got out of his car the slammed his door shut. He glared at me and I smiled sheepishly. "Sorry Par." I only called him that when I felt bad. I mean I did almost crash into his car. We walked around the side and saw two people leaning up against the side making out. Gross. One of them was Ben though so I kind of had to get over it. I told Ty and Parker to go inside and that Id catch up with them in a little bit. I decided, hey let's piss Ben off, he is making out with some random chick while he should be keeping an eye out for me anyways. I walked towards them and stopped when I was a few feet away.