
"Yes." We said in sync. Savannah was a little more excited than me but we were both excited.
"Close your eyes." Trevor said.
"Ok." We said.
They took their hands off of our eyes and sat down across from us.
"Ok, you can open your eyes now." Jack had said.
We opened our eyes and found two guys dressed up nicely. I smiled knowing I was right about who they were. Jack was in a light blue button down shirt, black jeans, and his perfect brunette hair kept falling into his eyes. Trevor matched Jacks clothes, a light blue shirt with black jeans. Trevor had electric green eyes that could make you melt just looking into them, he had a cute half smile, and his laugh was just perfect. Jack had baby blue eyes that could light up a room, his smile made you smile, and his laugh would cheer you up. I've seen the both of them and they had six packs which I would let Savannah find out for herself.
"I knew it was you guys. It hit me when I heard your voice." I said looking at Jack. "I realized you left us where I was laying that day I dropped my towel on the beach and you left Savannahs car where I had parked." I smiled.
They laughed and nodded. Savannah looked at me confused.
"Excuse us for a second I have to talk to Savannah." They nodded and turned to each other. I pulled Savannah out of her chair and walked to the path.
"So this is kind of what I wanted to spill before we were knocked out cold. The day after we fought and the day Sam came over I left my house and drove to the beach. Well long story short I relaxed on the beach, mom texted me, I dropped my towel and left. He returned the towel and he gave me his number." I said quickly. "His name is Jack and his friend is Trevor. Trevor is your date."
"Ok. That about clears it up." She said relieved. "Let's go back."
"Wait." I said nervously. "I can't do this while I'm still dating Sam..."
"It's just one night, hun, you can get through this." She said trying to reassure me.
"No, I mean it's time." I pulled out my phone.
"Oh, well do you want me to stay?" She asked.
I shook my head. "No, I've got this. Go tell the guys I need to take care of something."
She nodded and left. I dialed Sams number and waited for him to pick up.
"Hello?" He answered.
"Hey, we need to talk. I wish it was face to face but I'm not home." I said calmly.
"Ok, but listen if it's about Sarah just hang up. I'm not fighting with you about her again." He said.
"It's not about her, it's about us!" I said angrily. "I can't do this anymore Sam. I'm sick of you lying and cheating. I'm done Sam. The pathetic thing is you can't even own up to your bullshit." I said with more anger.
"But baby I lo-" I cut him off.
"Enough. I'm done. Goodbye Sam." I hung up and walked back to the table.
Savannah looked at me asking if I was ok with facial expressions, I nodded.
"Is everything ok?" Jack asked.
"Yeah, I just had to do something, but it's ok everything is taken care of." I said smiling.
Trevor stood up and walked towards a tree and grabbed a picnic basket from behind it. The basket didn't have food in it, it had something else but I couldn't tell what it was. I tried to figure out what it was but no ideas came to mind. I looked at Savannah confused and she gave me her famous don't say anything just go with it look. She picked that up from me and she mastered it quickly. I chuckled and smiled at the guys. "So you have a table set for four and a picnic basket that doesn't have food in it? I don't get it, what are you guys up to?" I asked.