
The boys are going to come back soon and I really don't want to be here when they do. I need a night out of the house. A night possibly falling asleep on the park bench. I just need to get away for awhile and breathe. I mean after all what girl wants to stay in a house with the guy she is currently falling for and her ex boyfriend and not to mention that they're half brothers. Not me that's for sure.
"Hey Anna?" I paused the game and turned to her.
"Yea Chrissy?" She looked at me confused.
"Am I honestly overreacting? Should I honestly care that they're related?" She gave me that don't be stupid look and by that look she meant 'no idiot you are reacting just fine and have every right to be mad.'
I sighed giving up and thought about it. How come max never mentioned charlie? Did he not trust me enough? We used to tell each other everything. I actually miss him and what we used to have but the past is the past and we will never be together like that again.
I put the controller down and stood up. "Well, love, I really don't want to be here when they get back. I'll be back tomorrow." I said grabbing my leather jacket and phone. No need for keys if im walking around for a while.
"Where you going?" She looked at me worried. I shot her one of my famous looks. This one was the 'shut up I'll be fine' look and her expression softened. "Chrissy please tell me where you're going so I know where to come kill someone else if I have to come looking for you." She said a little angry. Chills went down my back and I tensed at the memory.
"Screw off." I walked out the door slamming it behind me. That was a touchy subject for me and she knew that. Now I'm overreacting but I don't care she had no right to go there or bring it up for that matter. I got down the stairs my phone in hand with a tear rolling down my cheek. I knew where to go. I gave spike a hug hoping this night would get the slightest bit better just by the hug, he licked my hand and I smiled getting up. I walked out the door and took the short way to the park. I got to my bench and pulled my knees up to my chest wrapping my arms around them holding them in place. I sighed.
"How did my life get so complicated in just a few weeks?" I asked myself aloud. "Why am I so miserable right now?" I closed my eyes as the tears started coming. "Why am I so stupid? Why, just why, is life such a roller coaster? Just, why?" I started screaming. I laid on the bench. I pulled out my phone and went to my contacts list I scrolled down to my dads number. I do this a lot so it's nothing new, it helps me vent, it helps me relax. I called the number and waited for voicemail. 'Hey dad' I laughed humorlessly 'it's been a while and I miss you. You always knew how to make me feel better and I could really use your help right now. I know you're probably looking down on me right now so where should I go from here dad? What do I do? Im so confused and lost. Max has information for me, im falling for charlie while I still love max, I was almost raped and savannah had to come to my rescue, mom left. The only family I have left is Drew, Ryan, and their parents. I need help and I just don't know what to do. I love you dad.' I hung up the phone and scrolled further down the list. I called and waited for the phone to pick up.
"Hello?" He asked.
"Hi dad, how are you?" I let go of the breath i was holding in.
"Chrissy? Is it really you?" I smiled sadly.
"Only I call late at night like this dad and you're the only one up right now." He laughed "Think you could do me a favor?" I bit my lip nervously.
"Of course, what do you need?"