
With that I walked out the door and examined my bike. My beautiful dark blue motorcycle. My baby. My everything. My second escape. I swung one leg over and started it. I smiled immediately. It was so good to hear my baby roar to life. It's been too long and I don't know if Id ever be able to leave it again. I opened the garage door and sped out onto the street. All that's on my mind right now is me, my bike and freedom, everything around me is just a blur being left behind.
I snapped back into reality and headed towards Ty. He was the farthest away since he's probably sitting outside my favorite store in the city. He's the only one that took me here. I mean how could I resist it anyways. Id be going shopping soon that's for sure. Surely about 10 minutes later I was pulling up to the store and parked in a nearby alley. Not my smartest choice but oh well. I looked around to see if I saw him but I didn't. He was no where in sight so I took this to my advantage. Im here already so I might as well browse through the store. A few items caught my eye but they're not something I'd wear so I walked out because after being in there for a short minute I was bored and wanted to see the rest of the boys. I walked out and looked around once more. Nothing, gee Ty where are you? I looked across the street and only one person stood out. It may have been a little dark but Id recognize him anywhere. It was Ty! A smile spread across my face and I walked towards him in the middle of traffic since the light was red. He was leaning up against a brick wall with his hands in his pockets, one foot up against the wall and he was looking down at the ground. Poor boy is probably tired of this place. Next to him was his jet black motorcycle. I was across the street and walked towards him. I was leaning against the wall looking at him and put my hands in my pockets and mimicked his stance before speaking up.
"So you come here often?" I asked and he didn't even look up.
"No, just waiting for a friend so if you would leave that'd be nice." He said coldly.
"Well I'll wait with you. Id love to meet this friend of yours. I bet they're really nice."
"She is nice and I miss her like crazy but I don't know if she'll even show up. I just really wish she would." He said with very little hope still looking down.
I frowned at this and then smiled instantly. I know exactly what to do to make him look up at me. No one calls him 'babe' except me. He even tells his girls not to call him babe. I push myself off the wall and take down my hair not giving a damn about it anymore, it's actually annoying me. I speak up. "Well I think she's standing right before you. Why don't you look up?"
"No now go away." He said getting annoyed. I just laughed.
"Fine babe if that's what you want. I'll just leave the city again too if you want me to really go away." I laughed some more and then smiled as he finally looked up quickly.
He was smiling from ear to ear. He engulfed me in a bear hug while picking me up and spinning me. I was laughing the whole time, Id never seen Ty so happy than right now. He put me down carefully and just stared at me like he couldn't believe it was me. He hugged me once again and let go a few seconds later. I just smiled and so did he staring into each other's eyes.
"Still want me to leave?" I asked jokingly pointing to my motorcycle across the street.
"No, never. Please don't go again." He said. "But more importantly what are you doing here?" He asked confused. I continued to smile none the less.