
Today was one of those days where I just can't help but being pissed at anything. It was almost 4 in the afternoon on a Saturday and I was fighting with my best friend. We were mad at each other because she told me my boyfriend was cheating on me and I defended him like the good girlfriend I was. I knew it was true but I was drowning in love tied to a rock at the bottom. I admit, I was beyond blind to see how stupid staying with him was and no matter how many times I was told to leave I didn't, I stayed because I didn't have the heart to end it. We had been fighting for almost 3 hours and I was just tired of it. After her last text I was furious and just couldn't take another second of the fighting. The text said " Crystal do you realize how fucking stupid you are right now?! You know he has been cheating on you with that slut for over a month! Hell I was with you when you first saw it happen and I was the one who told you, SHOWED YOU, he was cheating on you! Stop being a little bitch and get it through your head he doesn't love you like you think, he loves that he can still convince you he's not the lying cheating asshole he is! Hate to break it to you sweetheart but you and me both know that he doesn't care about you, your just someone to call up when he "needs". " I was done. I couldn't take it. I was so mad I ended up crying. I wasn't mad at her, I had no reason to be, I was mad at myself and most of all I was mad that it was true. He has been cheating on me for over a month, I just never confronted him about it because I was too afraid of what would happen.
The next morning I woke up with a massive headache from crying myself to sleep. Today I didn't have much to do. My number one priority was getting rid of the headache, I mean seriously I couldn't even think. I took some Advil, drank a glass of water, and went to my room and laid down for a few minutes. After awhile I got back up and my headache vanished. I got my clothes and grabbed a towel and headed for the bathroom to take a shower. It was only 6 and everyone was still asleep so I took my time, relaxing in the hot water, reminiscing on old memories. I didn't want to get out but I forced myself to leave and get dressed. I threw on a pair of ripped jeans and my favorite blue tank top. I went back to my room grabbed my phone and left a note for my mom saying I'd be back later. As I went to grab my car keys I heard someone park in front of my house, so being the nosy person I am I went to the window and saw the beat up pick up truck and immediately recognized it. It was him, Sam, my boyfriend, the one I didn't even think about seeing at all today. This is definitely not how I wanted to start my day...
I left the window and ran to my car keys and grabbed them, I ran back to the door and swung it open before he could knock. I walked out and accidentally slammed the door shut in anger, thankfully my house stayed quiet and no one woke up. I walked past him and he followed, I opened my car door and sat down. I started the car, locked it, and rolled my window down. Before giving him the chance to talk I said quickly " Just leave, I'm in no mood to be with or anywhere near you today. Oh and by the way screw you! See you later.. " I knew what was coming after that, but the question is, does he? Probably not. I sped out of my driveway wanting to crash his truck but I stopped myself because I knew it wasn't worth it.
Sam was had beautiful green eyes and perfect brunette hair. He was tall, but then again everyone is tall compared to me, and had the perfect body. Seriously what girl wouldn't want that?! But I never dated him for looks, I'm all about personality. You can have the looks but if you don't have a good personality it just ruins everything. I honestly don't know how I fell for Sam. I mean he was a great guy and all but there was just something about him that I hate. Maybe realizing he was a player months later has something to do with it but besides that he has been a mystery since day one.
As I was driving down the highway I was thinking of somewhere to go. The library, no that's to quiet. Savannahs? No we haven't talked since the fight. The beach? Hell yes, I thought. It was almost noon anyways. I lost track of time when I was driving around town and then found myself going towards the highway and didn't want to turn around. I felt like I was running away but I need some space and what better place to relax than the beach. I stopped at a store and bought a swimsuit, I figured working on my tan wouldn't hurt.