
"You two need to shut up before I separate you. The movie is starting." I whisper yelled at them. Ryan then whispered something to savannah and she smacked him in the arm. "Shut up." I growled and they did. I drifted in and out of sleep in the beginning until someone poked me in the cheek. I almost turned around and slapped whoever it was but it wasn't who I thought. Savannah was sound asleep on Ryan's shoulder as he was asleep too resting his head on hers. Drew had been the one to poke me.
"The movie is a little over half way through, watch the rest with me, please?" I nodded in response.
I put my feet up on the empty seats in front of us and got comfortable. He kept his arm around me the entire time. Since about half the movie was pretty much over I was lost and there's still about another hour left. I jumped a few times since some parts were unexpected for me which caused drew to squeeze my shoulder and rub my arm. I checked the time and saw that forty five minutes had passed. The movie was coming to an end so I cuddled closer to drew, well as much as I could with the arm rest in between us. At this point I was beyond tired but I could make it through the last couple of minutes.
The credits started rolling up the screen and the lights came on. People started to gather their things and leave. Drew and I stood up and walked out of the row without waking the others up. I shook Ryan and then savannah to wake them up. When they got up we all left the theater and all agreed to call it a night. We also agreed to go dancing another night considering we're all tired.
"Hey, you guys want to stay over tonight?" I asked the boys
"That might not be such a great idea short stack." Drew replied unsure
"You know they won't tear you limb from limb" savannah tried to reassure and the boys just looked at each other and shrugged. "It'll be ok, I promise you won't die tonight and to be honest they probably won't even care. They just want her most likely." She concluded and I agreed.
"I'm ok with it but are you sure it's not going to create a problem?" Ryan asked.
"Yea, I'll talk to them anyways. I need to get some things clear with them and I need to fix things." I scratched the back of my neck. "Hey do you think max will give me the info still?"
"Yea, most likely. Max isn't that much of a jerk to keep you in the dark forever. I'm sure he'll wait until your birthday, don't worry about it, ok? He'll tell you soon enough, I promise."
We ended up home a little while later and the lights were out. I'm just going to assume everyone's asleep. The door was left unlocked and we walked in. We didn't even bother turning the lights on but went straight upstairs to our room. Spike was on my bed sleeping.
"So drew you can take my bed which is the one with the dog on it, I'll take him with me when I leave. Ryan, if savannah lets you, you can have her bed and if not you get the wonderful beanbag chairs. You two can talk about that. I'll be downstairs sleeping on the couch with spike, maybe. See you guys in the morning and be nice to her." They nodded "same goes for you savannah. Come on spike!" I whistled and he came running to me.
I went into maxs room and told him to get up and get down stairs. I went to Ben and did the same thing. I did it once again with Ty. "You three get out here now! Wee need to talk!" I shouted when not one door opened. I got the air horn from the closet and opened each of their doors and set it off. They all came running out of their rooms with their ears covered and gave me menacing looks. "Down stairs now please." I pointed down the steps.