
When I got to school I saw Savannah and became extremely nervous. She was sitting down on the bench looking down at her phone. I got out of my car and slowly walked up to her. She shouted "Hurry!" Like there was someone chasing me with a knife. I walked faster and caught up to her. "Do we have to stay at school today? Can't we just go somewhere else for the day and talk? I'm pretty sure skipping 1st period is not enough time to talk." She knew what I meant after saying that. We walked to the pizza place around the corner and sat down at a table outside. A waiter came out "Would you two beautiful girls like something to drink?" He said with a smile. I shot Savannah a look and we both smiled "Water please." Saying in sync still looking at each other. We ordered for each other, we always did that. It had been something we started over a year ago when we were undecided about what we wanted for dinner at some fancy restaurant. The waiter walked away.
"So I was right? What made you realize that after the millionth time?" She said with an attitude. "Sorry, I didn't mean it like that but what happened to change your mind?"
"I knew you were right since the first time I just never really accepted the fact until now." I said looking down at the table. "It happened again... After we fought..."
"What?! Can I seriously please go kick his ass." Saying with a half smile knowing I'd laugh. "Girl you know you deserve better than him!"
"I know and that's also part of the reason I didn't want to be at school. He wanted to "talk" today. You know the one where he reassures me and then attacks my face" I said  with a fake laugh.
"Haha really?" Trying her best not to laugh at him but she couldn't help it.
"Yea.. But it's only because yesterday he came to my house and I told him to leave because I wasn't in the mood to be with him." I said with anger coming back. "I couldn't even look at him."
"Is it time? Or no?" Saying with a shocked and confused look on her face.
"The break up?" Asking for confirmation, she nodded. "Yea, most definitely time."
"When? Where? I'm there girl." She said smiling "We both know he doesn't start a fight or yell when I'm around. He knows Im not afraid to lay a hand on him."
"Thanks and I don't know. That's why I need your help. I can't do this alone." The waiter comes out and puts the glasses of water in front of us, interrupting. "Thank you!" Saying in sync as I hand him a ten. "Keep the change."
" I know, this isn't going to be easy, but there are other fish in the sea." Saying with a big goofy smile on her face.
"Well I want a living breathing human man, not some stupid fish in the sea." Saying sarcastically.
We talked for another hour and realized school was almost over. We walked back and went to our cars which were right next to each other. I got in, started the car and rolled down the window. "Come over? We have to catch up." I winked. "Seriously I have some stuff to spill and I want to call Sam over and get this done with." She nodded and we drove off. When I got to my house Savannah somehow got there before me and was sitting on my front porch, I laughed as I stepped out of my car "You're always speeding."
"You staying the night?" Saying as I unlock the front door.
"Well duh! I can't just leave you here upset tonight." She said smiling "I'm not that bad of a friend."
"Horror movie marathon with a bunch of junk food then?" Asking with excitement.
"Yes!" She said with just much excitement "Its been a while, but first you have some stuff to spill!"
We walked inside only to be knocked out by two men smashing rags of chloroform on our faces. We were out within seconds.