
I sat on the rock for a long time hoping sleep would take over me but at the same time I didn't want to sleep. Soon after the dolphins were gone and the eagle disappeared I heard the sound of tires screeching in what I assumed was the parking lot but I didn't move. I sat there like a statue. It didn't take long for the two boys to come running down to the private beach. I can't believe he did it, especially for me. He swallowed his pride and found me.
"Crystal!" They screamed in sync like I was about to jump but I didn't move or say a word. I continued watching the ocean.
"Crystal come down." Jack said and I was shocked but I still didn't move.
"God damn Crystal come down right now!" Charlie shouted with fear. I gave no response.
"I'm coming to get you." Jack said as he took a few step closer. I turned around. Charlie looked scared and Jack looked nervous. Their expressions changed once they saw my face probably beet red and my eyes were swollen from crying so much. Jack and Charlie walked toward the rock that I first climbed on. Jack got onto the rock and put his hand out for me to take so I didn't fall getting down. I didn't take it I just sat there with a blank expression on my face.
"Crystal, take my hand or I will carry you off this rock." Jack said. I didn't move. He grabbed my hand and I slowly slid down the rock but that's it. I didn't move a muscle. They probably thought I was a crazy person for not wanting to get off the rock. I felt a strong pair of hands pick me up by my waist and throw me over his shoulder. I didn't panic or stop him which was new, I hated being picked up. I was too weak to move though. Charlie held Jacks arm so he didn't fall but that was probably so he didn't fall with me in his arms. Charlie was probably angry on the inside but didn't show because he saw the state I was in. I was truly a mess. Jack put me down and I put my clothes over my bathing suit. After I grabbed my phone and wallet I stuffed them in my pockets and walked, well in my mind I ran but didn't, to Charlie and instantly felt his arms wrap around me. My eyes started tearing up again but I blinked the tears away for now. I pushed away and grabbed my pillow and blanket along with my keys and started walking away to the path that soon lead to my car. I was ahead of the boys and behind me I heard them talking "Thanks Jack, I'm sorry for having to interrupt your day but I was worried." He said as relief washed over him. "No worries bro, Im glad she's ok and that you're not freaking anymore. Take care of her tonight." Jack said.
We got to the parking lot and the guys said the casual take care man and see you soon. I walked to my car not caring about anything and threw my blanket and pillow back in the trunk of the car. I hopped in the passenger seat knowing I was not ok to drive. I started the car and rolled my window down as I waited for Charlie to get in. When Charlie got in I put on the radio and Misery Business came on and a half smile formed on my face but soon left as I thought of Savannah and my dad. I lost the two of the three most important people in my life and I'm pushing the third away. The car ride was silent and sort of peaceful. Charlie didn't say anything probably because he partly knew I wouldn't respond and partly because he probably didn't know what to say or ask. I closed my eyes and dozed off until we got home even though that was the last thing I wanted to do. Charlie didn't wake me up he simply got out of the car and brought my stuff back up for the night and then came back for me. He probably thought I needed a moment for myself when all I really wanted was to be in his arms that protected me from the world and for him to hold me all night. He opened my door and leaned in to unbuckle my seat belt and got out and put his hand out for me to take and I quickly accepted and took his hand. I stepped out slowly as I was still weak and had no energy. He noticed how pale I was and picked me up into his arm gently like I was a little kid that fell asleep playing by the toy box. I'll give him some credit, he carried me up the staircase and to his apartment and sat me on the couch where I found my blanket and pillow set up for bed. Charlie went to the kitchen and made me half of a sandwich and told me to eat so I could gain some color back into my face. I probably looked like a ghost so I ate the sandwich and laid down on the set up couch when I was done. He brought the plate to the sink and came back by my side and sat on the floor.