
"This is lovely. I can't believe they did this!" She said. "I'm definitely impressed."
I laughed. "Aren't you happy you went along with me? Even though you just wanted to make sure I was safe." I smiled. She nodded.
We walked around the table examining our surroundings. We were still in shock from the lights, the petals, the table setting, and the fact they "kidnapped" us for a date. I started thinking about Sam. I really cared about him. He was my best friend and boyfriend, I couldn't hurt a fly let alone him. I knew I wasn't going to be able to go through with this date knowing I still had a boyfriend after I started thinking about Sam. I turned to Savannah almost in tears.
"Oh my god what's wrong? Why are you about to cry?" She looked at me confused. "Wait. Is it Sam?"
I nodded confirming she was right. I don't know why he is getting to me. I never let a guy get to me like this and if they do I hide my emotions very well. I knew if I wanted to go on this date I'd have to break up with Sam over the phone. I'd feel a lot better over the phone but I knew it wasn't right. I decided to hold off on the break up until I got home and try to go through with the date. I'm not a person who cheats even if I've been cheated on. My revenge isn't cheating on him it's letting him go and making him realize I'm not wrapped around his finger.
"Don't worry, hun. We'll take care of that soon. It's just one little date, it's not like you're getting married." She smiled.
I chuckled. "Ok. I can do this." I said confidently. "And thanks you always know how to make me feel better."
She smiled knowing that she made me feel better. I knew what she was thinking, it was "Mission Acomplished". We always said that to each other after we cheered each other up, but we knew when to say and when not to say it, this was one of those times where you didn't say it and she knew that.
We walked back to the path and waited for the guys to arrive. I looked at the time on my phone and realized its been a little more then ten minutes since we got here. I also noticed I had a text from another blocked number. I read it out loud.
"Don't worry, this is not another step. We will see you soon, we are just finishing up the second part of tonight's events. Hope you're up for it. For now just sit next to each other at the table facing the opposite way of the path so you can't see us when we come. If you do sit on the other side there are blindfolds you can put on. The other option is easier(; we are almost done setting up, so we should be there in a little bit. J and T."
We smiled and sat down facing the opposite direction like we were told and also because he was right, it is easier. We talked about old memories that we loved. Like one time Savannah and I had gone to the mall and found a photo booth, so we got inside and took a bunch of pictures. Half of them were normal and the other half were funny faces and us laughing at each other. We laughed up until we heard noises behind us. I checked my phone and time had gone by fast, it was almost 10. I was tempted to turn around but Savannah shot me a look that even I knew not to mess with. I sat still looking at the trees admiring the lights once more. Two guys walked up behind us and covered our eyes with their hands.
"You ready?" One asked in a deep voice I didn't recognize.
"Tonight is going to be fun as long as you just go with it." The other one said. I recognized his voice but I couldn't remember who it was. I started thinking of the notes "J and T". J, J was Jack! How did I not see this earlier. He left us on the beach where I was laying when he was playing football with his friends and he left Savannahs car where I was parked. He didn't want me to hate him after all of this and how could I? I smiled and felt butterflies in my stomach. T, and T must be Trevor! One of the guys had shouted for him to go long. It came together slowly.