
I wake up lying on the beach and it must have been late at night because the sky was dark with a bunch of glowing stars. I sat up and turned to see Savannah still knocked out. Who ever knocked us out obviously has no intention of hurting us. They had laid us on a blanket and pillow and covered us with another blanket. I saw they had brought two jackets for us and put them by our feet with a change of clothes. I started to get confused. Why would you knock us out and then technically kidnap us but then bring us to a public location and make a bed on the beach and give us a change of clothes? Something wasn't right and our kidnappers weren't around. I sat up and shook Savannah until she finally woke up. "Where are we?" She asked "the beach?" I nodded confirming her question.
We both stood up and checked if anything was missing. We had still had our phones and wallets, no money or credit cards were stolen. Once again something wasn't right, if they left why didn't they steal anything? "They obviously trust us. But why?" Savannah asked confused. I shook my head and shrugged my shoulders. I pointed to the clothes."I'm calling the police." I said taking my phone out of my back pocket.
"Wait!" Savannah said. "There's a note by the clothes."
She grabbed the note "Read it." I said.
She started reading "Hey girls, I know you're confused and probably scared or just wondering why your at a beach alone at night. Well you will soon get answers but slowly. Just please trust us on this and please don't be scared. This is not a kidnapping it's just a weird way of getting your attention. Anyways just please listen to us. We won't hurt you just give it a chance. There are two dresses at the end of the blanket, change into them. You two can decide who wears what. We left heels if you want to wear them but if you do I suggest you wear them when you get off the beach. Yes you're not staying here for long. Last thing one of you know me and I hope you don't hate me after this. Check your phones for the next step. From J and T."
Ok this is crazy! They didn't kidnap us? Then why did they knock us out? Ugh if I want answers I guess I have to do this. Whatever. I'm in. "Ok this is going to be a stupid idea but I'm doing this." I said nervously. "I want answers."
"You can't be serious!" She shouted at me. "They knocked us out with chloroform. Chloroform Crystal!"
"They're not going to hurt us! They made us a bed on the beach for gods sake! We are in good hands. Do I have to remind you that people are more afraid of us anyways?! We don't just talk, we do what we say. If we say we're going to kick someone's ass then we do! If anyone should be afraid it's them." I said trying to reassure her we are ok.
"Well I'm not letting you go, to wherever we have to go, alone." She said calmly. "And I'm not doing this for them or me, I'm doing it so I know you end up ok." She added.
"Soo you're in?!" I asked surprised but thankful. "What dress do you want? The light blue strapless flowing one or the dark blue strapless skin tight one?" After I asked I realized that was a stupid question. She gave me an evil glare like she wanted to slap me for even asking. I handed her the light blue dress and  we went to go find a bathroom to change in. We went into a nearby store and changed. I'm not one to brag but we looked amazing. I ran back to the beach and grabbed our phones and the heels. I waited for Savannah to come out of the store. She came out and I put the heels out in front of us with a smile.
"Really?!" She asked
"You can't wear shoes with that dress and come on you already are dressed half way for whatever we are dressed for." I shot her the puppy dog face and I knew it would work. She caved and snatched the heels from me. "Thank you!" I smiled.
"You're lucky I love you!" She said.
I smiled. "You would've done it either way." I laughed.