
"Nope, now are you on your way or what?" She asked
"Yeah, I can come over now. Im heading out the door as we speak." I opened the door ready to leave but I was tapped on the shoulder which stopped me and cause me to turn around. "I might be a little late though, im about to be questioned. See you soon." And I hung up.
Serves them right. Piss one girl off and the other screws with your head. Especially since we're best friends. This is a routine we used to have. Looks like old habits die hard. I just continued to smile. Im staring up at Ben with my arms crossed waiting for him to speak but he doesn't. I looked behind him to see max and charlie there next to each other. Charlie looked confused so I texted him that im screwing with the boys like always and that im going to see Crystal. Max had his arms crossed and matched my stance.
"Well if you don't mind I have a date tonight so bye darlings." I was tapped again. At least he knows not to yank me back like he did with Crystal. He'd end up with a black eye if he ever did that with me. I turned around once again and huffed. "Yes Ben?" I asked annoyed.
"Where do you think you're going dressed like that?" He asked. I rolled my eyes in response.
"Like I said, Ben, im going on a date." Sort of. "A group date." I smirked realizing I wasn't just going to see her.
"With who?"
"Friends and my boyfriend. Now shut up and let me go before I smack you. You have no right to invade my personal life." I growled ready to snap.
"Sure, beautiful, sure you are. You can tell me the truth you know." He said.
"I know I can but im obviously choosing not to, not the whole truth anyways. I am going to be with friends but not my boyfriend and it's not a date but that's all you need to know. You don't need to know where im going and who I'll be with exactly. Can I go now? Im late."
"Yeah, I guess. Be careful please."
"Whatever." I said waving my hand in the air and starting my music again as I walked out the door.
I made my way down the street singing to the parts I knew of each song that played. I didn't care who was around I just wanted to escape reality and act like I was the only one alive. So I did exactly that until I walked on the path through the park and saw my best friend with two huge guys. Gosh we are so short. I walked quietly until I was a good distance to do what I wanted. I stopped for a minute to take out my earbuds and shut of my music. I put my phone away and walked a few more steps until I was about five steps away. The remaining distance I ran and jumped on her back and she kept me lifted off the ground. She stumbled a bit at first but caught her balance so we didn't fall.
"Well hello there thunder! How is my baby girl?" I shouted cheerfully in her ear as she walked the grass and let go of me after. "Rude!" I announced and put my hand out for her to help me up. She laughed and walked away. She childishly ran to the taller one of the two boys and jumped into his arms.
"Ry she hurt my ears! Do something please." She gave him the puppy dog face that no one could resist. They bursted out into laughter. He carefully put her on the ground as the other one just shot daggers at them. Jealous much? She came back to me and helped me up since I never stood up.
"Lightning you promised to never call me that in public!" She hit my arm playfully but hard enough that said embarrass me I dare you. "You owe me an apology orrr" she dragged out.
"Nope, im good I don't need to hear the rest of that to know Id regret asking 'or what' so Nope. But im sorry I screamed in your ear and jumped on you. I love you."