
Savannah and I are now sitting on the pool table rolling the cue ball back and forth while talking. Charlie was playing pool with Ty on the table next to us. The other three boys are God knows where, so much for me staying with knife all night. Ty was the only one who met charlie so far and they seemed to get along pretty well which made me smile because charlie wasn't like the rest of us. He doesn't share the same deep dark secrets that we all have. He doesn't get into the same things we get into. Ty knew I was staying with charlie before I came back to the city but he also knows we are just friends so he was ok with charlie staying with us.
My thoughts on this whole situation are horrible. Ben is going to have problems with Charlie. Parker isn't going to care about him at all but he's not going to want him around. Knife is going to raise hell. Those three are the most irrational out of all of us. Then I also have to worry about my two idiot brothers that flipped and demanded to meet him tomorrow night, which I think I might cancel for now. But hey I could be wrong about all of this and they might actually like him. I can only hope.
"So let me get this straight. He has information that you apparently need? But to get this info you need to give him something? So you told him you'd consider giving him whatever he wants if he gave you some sort of info about the info?" I nodded "And he told you that it's about someone you both love so now you're considering it?" I nodded again focusing on the cue ball.
We fell silent and just kept rolling the ball back and forth. I didn't know what information he has for me or what he needs to show me. I didn't know who it was about. I love many people but we only share a few people we love. The crew, his family, and my dad but it's most likely about someone from the crew. I know why he didn't tell me a specific person, it would've ruined my night of fun. I know one thing for sure I'll give him what he wants. This information obviously can't be passed up, it must be important.
Parker and Ben walked towards us and stood behind the table watching Ty and charlie play their third game of pool.
"Who's the guy playing Ty?" Parker asked. I looked up to savannah and she just nodded. I really didn't want to tell them.
"His name is charlie. He's my friend I brought to they city and he's staying with us." I called charlie over. "Charlie this is Parker and Ben, Parker and Ben this is charlie." They shook hands and said nice to meet you and I told charlie he could back to his game.
"Be nice you two." I glared at them as they stared at charlie.
"Is he just a friend?" Ben asked and I nodded. "Where is he staying?" He asked next.
"Her bed." Savannah joined in as I rolled my eyes.
"Yes and im taking the bean bag chairs." I glared at her "Or I'll sleep on the couch with spike again." I said calmly. They just nodded. "No need to worry Benny boy. Im a big girl you know." I laughed as he took one last look at charlie.
We all laughed and watched their game. Parker threw a few jokes at Ty for losing to a newbie which caused Ty to get mad. I hit Parker in the arm to tell him to quit it and glared at Ben because he was going to start. "I didn't even do anything" he put his hands up in surrender. "Oh but you were going to" I said and hopped of the table.
"Let him win before you kill his ego" I whispered to charlie before grabbing my own pool stick and passed one to savannah as she hopped off the table.
"Teams?" I smiled. Savannah and I were the best players out of the four of us. Parker and Ben stopped playing after they lost so many times.
"Shotgun Chrissy!" Savannah yelled. I laughed and shook my head
"No that's not fair. We're the reason they don't even try to play anymore." I laughed as she frowned "I'll take Parker and you can have Ben" of course the nicest thing I could do was let Parker break. I told him to go for stripes since he got one solid and stripe in. My luck he got half of the stripes in on one turn. We went back and forth for a few minutes since the table was set up horribly for the four of us. The game finally ended as I hit the 8 ball in with the cue ball following causing the cheering idiots to win. We all just laughed with ty and charlie joining us. Ty finally won, technically, but I knew charlie held back.