
Well the weekend is over and I have school today. I honestly was dreading this day. I knew I would have to see Sam and that slut Sarah today, but that was the least of my worries. I needed to see Savannah, I needed to apologize, I needed my best friend again. The longest we ever went without talking was 4 hours, after that we realized it was a childish fight that wasn't worth it, but this, this was the biggest fight we have ever had. I can't believe I let him come in between us. I never wanted that to happen, I promised myself it would never happen and I'm not about to break that promise. She is my ride or die. Honestly if I ever had to choose between the two of them I'd have no hesitation, I would choose Savannah in heart beat. I'd rather lose a love that's obviously fake than a true friendship.
I sat up in bed and looked at the time and saw I was up way too early. School started at 8 and it was only 6. I lived five minutes away from my school so I was never in a rush and I was never late. I got out of bed and got dressed. Monday's were usually my lazy day but today I wanted to do something different. I put on my dark blue denim skinny jeans and a black crop top that said "bitch" in red. I was the girl in school that never got in trouble for dress code violations because no one really ever noticed me. Half of my friends cut me off when I started dating Sam two and half months ago, the other half all realized how bitchy I really was and that's not my fault they can't handle me. Savannah was actually the only real friend I had.
My phone lit up and I saw a picture of Sam and I at the beach holding hands with Sams nickname under it "boo". He texted me saying we needed to talk. Ugh. Was this finally the day he owned up to all of his bullshit? I doubt it. He knows I'm only pissed when he thinks I know he's cheating. He probably just wants to reassure me he's not. Savannahs text ran through my head a million times and It made me feel worse. I needed to apologize before I ever talked to Sam. I needed her help if I was going to do this. She was always with me when I talked to Sam especially when I knew how things were about to go down. I can tell you exactly how this is gonna happnen just from past experiences. I'm done letting him control me, I've become weak with him and today that's not happening, I'm standing my ground and confronting him about everything.
I called up Savannah hoping she would pick up. I didn't want to risk seeing Sam at school before seeing Savannah. She answered "Hel-" I cut her off.
"Wait. Before you say anything I need to say something and you don't have to respond or anything but I want you to hear this... I'm sorry ok. You were right. About everything. Sam and I don't even have a relationship, I'm just a booty call for him. I'm done. I'm sick of the lies and I'm sick of the cheating. He is just a jerk and that's all he will ever be. I'm tired of being heartbroken every weekend. I'm sick of random people coming up to me saying Sam is with Sarah. I'm done!" I said with tears rolling down my cheeks, hoping she couldn't hear my voice crack.
There was silence on both ends of the call. She finally said "Come to school, I'll wait for you out front. We can skip 1st and sit in the library or just walk around the halls. We both obviously have some stuff to say to each other. Please hurry."
She hung up before I could respond. I cried harder with a pain hitting my stomach. I figured this was it, this was the day I lost my best friend because of that asshole. No I needed to prove to her I know she was right, saying sorry and admitting it wasn't enough. I left my house and drove to Sam's house and parked out front. I turned off my car and left the key in the ignition. I sat hesitantly in my car wondering if this was the right place to break up with him. His mom and dad hated me so I bet they would be happy to see me go, but humiliating him in front of his parents wasn't smart. I started the car and left. Tears started to form and I turned the music up. I sped a little faster since no one was around and then immediately started slowing down when I saw a car in the distance.