
Nothing was said. The room was a creepy silence. No one would speak, no one would move. It wasn't an awkward silence or a room filled with tension. We were all surprisingly relaxed, well except for max that is still pissed. I made the first move and got off of Drew standing up in front of him and holding my hand which he took and stood up as well. I walked away with savannah and Ryan following right behind. We made it out the front door to where we first started and all hell broke loose. About damn time.
"And where the hell do you think your going?" Max yelled walking toward us. We didn't respond.
"Keep walking, and stay calm when he grabs me ok?" I whispered to Drew and Ryan. They both nodded.
"Chrissy!" He yelled and yanked me out of Drews reach. "What is your problem?" I pulled back and gave us some space and put my hand up to my chin to make it look like I was thinking.
"Well let's see, Ben has been nothing but a jerk lately and isn't telling anyone what crawled up his ass and died because he's not being rude just to be rude, Ty isn't talking to me because I like to get up and leave to run and think about my problems and get stuff together, and then there's you being a crazy person over me hanging out with my family. Oh wait how the hell would any of you know who these two are? That's right you wouldn't." My voice got louder as I went on. I walked back to Ryan and drew. "Ryan, drew, meet the real max, Ty, and Ben. The over protective jerks that get mad at me over the smallest things but never want to listen to me. I've tried telling them about you two, mom, and dad so many times but I was never that important to them since they always had better stuff to do. Let's get out of here."
I left them all standing there. I walked away grabbing Ryan's and Drews hands in the process dragging them with me. A few tears slipped out as I walked down the road. I don't even know if savannah was still with us. Until I heard another set of clicks on the cement getting louder until they slowed down and matched our pace. I knew it was savannah considering she's the only one that is wearing heels besides me. I heard her talking quietly behind me to the boys asking if I was ok. They mumbled something I couldn't hear so I decided not to listen. I picked up my pace and walked faster until I couldn't hear them anymore.
My feet started to hurt and I just wanted to sit down and eat. I walked into the next little restaurant on the corner and grabbed a table for four. We got a booth in the back left corner where there wasn't a lot of people. Savannah, Ryan, and Drew came in a few minutes later all looking concerned. They sat down and the waiter came over and took our order for drinks, I mumbled water with savannah clarifying and they all ordered as well I just wasn't really paying attention. He came back and placed the drinks on the table and asked if we were ready to order our food. I was ready so I ordered anyways.
"Salad please." I said in a monotone voice and let the others order. The waiter left and the three started to whisper like I wasn't even there. "Seriously, I'm sitting right here. I know you're whispering about me."
"We're just worried about you short stack." Drew said.
"You've been in your own world since you yelled at max and you never yell at him." Savannah added.
"And drew and I have never seen you like that, of course we're going to be worried, we just saw a brand new side of you." Ryan said softly.