
"Don't worry you'll eat later." Jack grabbed a flashlight out of the basket. "Do you trust me?" He asked looking me in the eyes. I nodded and he took me by the hand.
"Savannah, are you going to be ok?" I asked, stopping Jack for a moment.
She nodded. "Yeah, I'm in good hands." She smiled.
Jack turned the flashlight on and squeezed my hand lightly signaling me to follow him. I turned around and followed Jack to the surprise place. We walked down the path and I noticed another path with a few lights around a tree. He stopped and faced me wrapping his arms around my waist pulling me closer. "I'm sorry for "kidnapping" you and your friend." He whispered. I kissed his cheek and whispered back "Its ok, I know you mean no harm." We smiled. He pulled back and took my hand, intertwining our fingers. He led me down the other path until we got to the end. The path led to a small private part of the beach with a blanket and a pillow on the sand and a perfect view of the stars. It was beautiful. I noticed a small radio playing romantic music softly. I melted inside.
"Come on," he said smiling. "I won't bite." He joked.
"Wait, what are we doing here?" I asked.
"Just relax we won't be here for long, we're going to that big rock over there. We're going to sit on it and look up at the stars." He smiled. "We have to catch up with Trevor in a little bit. We'll be back later towards the end of the night."
"Ok." I followed him to the rock.
We sat silently on the rock for a while. It was peaceful and romantic. I was a sucker for romantic nights like this. I was having fun and the night had just begun. I was daydreaming the whole time we watched the stars. He gently rested his arm on my shoulders pulling me closer. I felt safe and protected. I never wanted this moment to end but time flew by and Jacks phone started to ring. It was Trevor. "Come on, we're gonna be late." We got off the rock and he led me back to the very beginning of the first path to where we parked. There were lights all around us and a radio with music on. Trevor and Savannah were dancing when we got there. She was smiling, I had never seen my best friend so happy around a guy. She usually tells most guys off.
Jack had taken me by surprise by taking my hand and spinning me around into his arms. This night couldn't get any better, right? We danced for a little over an hour. We laughed, we talked, we just simply had a great time. The next part wasn't the most romantic part but as long as I was with Jack I didn't care. They had ordered pizza for us and we went back to the table. We all had 1 slice of pizza. After we had all finished Jack and Trevor stood up and put everything in a bag and went to throw it out in a trash can down the path.
I didn't know what to expect after dinner. These guys were full of surprises.
"Well the night is pretty much over and we didn't really have anything else planned but you guys can do what you want now. Going home or staying is your choice." Jack said.
" I had fun tonight but I should really get home, my mom is probably worried sick. Crystal are you coming or staying?" She looked at me.
"I'm think I'm going to stay here, I'll catch up with you tomorrow. Drive safe though." I smiled.
"Well you two have fun but not too much fun," she gave Jack an evil look. I laughed. "Trevor do you need a ride?" She asked as she got in her car.