
~-~
I've been M-I-A for a few days, 4 to be exact, now and im just terrified to face the deathly wrath of my family of friends. Knowing them though they're not mad instead just worried sick. Since most of my stuff is there Id have to go back eventually. I've been staying at the top of one of the closest mountains that's about an hour away at most. I have a few changes of clothes, not including the ones I've already worn, and some snacks and water to last me another 3 days.
My phone has been shut off for the past two days. I kept getting texts and phone calls non stop when people started noticing I was not coming home. How? That's beyond me since im on top of a mountain that is usually a dead zone. Im shutting everyone out trying to solve my problems. Running gets you places sometimes, like now I get to think without being interrupted.
Sometimes I'll hear noises in the woods by the clearing I've been staying at. Usually I'll just brush it off and ignore it but for some reason I don't feel safe laying on the hood of my car. Im currently in the passenger seat with my seat leaned back trying to get some peaceful shut eye. All the doors are locked and the windows are cracked at least an inch so I can breathe. I knew nothing and no one was up here with me except animals. This place is practically not even discovered.
Sometimes I wonder why I put myself in these situations. I wonder why I even befriend new people. I wonder where I have been and where im going. I wonder who I am. I just sit there and wonder. I think too much and become paranoid but for once thinking had gotten me somewhere. It's gotten me on top of a damn mountain to think even more. Im alone. Im like a person stranded on an island, secretly hoping someone finds me but knowing no one will any time soon. Im stuck with my thoughts.
As I was thinking about my mom and savannah a thought struck me. I never watched my dad get carried into the ambulance. I never watched him get put into the ground. For gods sake there wasn't even a funeral. Im so confused! I guess im just wishing my dad is alive somewhere in the world, somewhere on earth, and somewhere close. God I miss you dad.
I went back to thinking. Max knife was my best friend and never betrayed me, why am I so mad at him? It's not like he had to tell me about his half brother. He didn't have to tell me anything he didn't want to. Right, im mad because of the past. I still haven't let go of most of it but im slowly letting it go. Im moving on. I need to move on from him and the love I have for him. It needs to be left behind. Charlie though he could've said something about being related to max. I told him the whole story of how is brother broke my heart and he didn't even think to say he was related, or even question me about him. Im sure anyone would recognize their siblings name, especially delinquent ones. Instead he let me worry about those two going at it like dogs. I suddenly got a new burst of rage.
A few minutes later I had a gun in my hand and I was shooting rapidly at the targets I had posted on random trees. Bullseye every time. Practice really does make perfect and im really starting to not regret going to the range every day last summer. My aim was perfect and timing was precise. I even timed how fast I could turn around and shoot the targets behind me. I placed soda bottles and cans on the top of my car and shot them off one by one not wasting a bullet once. When my gun was empty for the fifth time I reloaded it and put it back in the middle console of my car. I picked up the cans and threw them in the trunk of my car. I left the targets on the trees. This was definitely relaxing and fun, I'll be back for more.