
Wow, its strange that I've been with two different guys that are sort of friends and I've slept, not sex just slept, with both of them and woke up in their arms. Im so confused on why guys are all of a sudden interested me. This time last year I was sitting in my room having movie marathons on my own while having a junk food buffet on my bed. Yeah, its a pretty disgusting image if you ask me but its not like I was over weight and ugly. I was always pretty and half the people I knew were jealous of me because I was actually somewhat skinny, and I had the sweetest personality. I loved who I was and everyones opinion didnt matter to me. Its not like I go around bragging about my looks or size, I was just really confident. Point is I was "perfect" for me. Up until now I always thought there was no point in making friends and having a social life, I was content with staying at home every night by myself.
I met Savannah at school and everything had changed. She pushed me into hanging out with her and i can honestly say im glad she did that because without her id probably be a bum after my senior year. We met junior year and things changed ever since. I told her my deepest darkest secrets and she told me hers. We have our inside jokes that no one knows about them except us, obviously. We used to be inseperable until i met sam. Ha. Sam, Sam was different when we first met. Long story short he sat with me at lunch and we got together a few weeks later at one of our schools football games. He was the sweetest guy ever and put me first, this was when Savannah didnt completely hate him, he spent most of his time with me and i was happy. When his ex came back, oh did i mention Sarah was his ex, yea i was pissed. She came back and ruined everything. He broke up with me FOR her when all she did was constantly cheat and sleep around, oops that was supposed to be a secret, oh well karmas a bitch. Haha, like i was saying i hated her with a passion because Sam didnt deserve the way she treated him. When i found out he was cheating on her with me i left his sorry ass. He came back a few weeks later and told me it was over with Sarah, but little did i know, it wasnt. This was the first time i found him cheating and i let it slide but it went on for awhile and i became bitchier then ever and he was confused. We constantly fought about Sarah the devil,bitch,slut, etc. Can you see my hatred yet? Can you see why? If not maybe now you will. I broke up with Sam, which i thought was for good but wasn't, for a reason a month later. She had the nerve to walk by me at lunch one day and then stop in front of my table of friends and kissed him. She hated me the same way i did her. She wanted to destroy me and the only thing i could think was revenge. I never did get revenge though, Savannah always reminded me it wasnt worth it. Anyways she won that battle but she didnt win the entire war.
Now, now its senior year the best year of my life and its almost ending soon which i am very thankful for. I broke up with Sam which was the best decision of my life, I've maintained a gpa of 3.8 all year, and my best friend has been there for me through my worst times and i did the same for her. I havent seen Jack since last week at the end of our date. Ive been staying at Charlie's trying to avoid my mom and hoping Savannah wont be able to find me. I wasnt kidding when i said id run away but this isnt really running, im more hiding if anything. Ill go back when im 18 next month, maybe. Charlie has been very sweet this past week. Ive been sleeping on his couch because of what happened the very first night and we both agreed that it was best, for now. If anything were to happen id regret it because of the state of mind im in. Its now thursday and i havent been to school in a week. Ive told my teachers im sick and asked them to email me my work so im not worried about failing and ruining my chances of getting in to a good college.
Sam has texted me about 10 times every day wondering if i was ok but i just continue to ignore him. I wish Savannah would reply to my texts but she wont. Ive been telling her to drive to Trevor's because he misses her and she wont respond to him either. I know its best to leave her be but she really needs to see him. He had something to ask her. Mom had called me for the past two days and finally gave up when she got the message that i wasnt going to answer or come home any time soon.