
Crystals POV
My plan was simple to be honest. All we really have to do is walk in there with the two boys and they'll flip shit. So we're going to do that but I'm going to hold Drews hand in the process and savannah will hold Ryan's. No one will be too happy about that. After we walk in I'm just going to wing it. Whatever happens depends on what the crazies inside do and say. Savannah was probably thinking I had some evil scheme but I can't plan something huge in just one night, I'm not that genius.
"Alright so Anna we're going to wing it when we get inside. When they get us mad don't show it just do something they wouldn't like. Ryan you're going to hold her hand." The boys took our hand drew obviously getting the picture.
"Now you two can't be scared shitless. Or even looking your even frightened by the tiniest bit. They'll try to intimidate you but you guys could probably take them. Maybe, but anyways don't show fear they'll just use it against you but just in case you do we can fix that problem easily." Savannah said casually like we weren't about to start a war. She winked at me and laughed. Drew and Ryan took a small step back but not far enough that we weren't holding hands.
"You sure this is a good idea guys? I mean isn't there a way to get to them without using us?" Ryan asked.I laughed and started walking forward with Drew right behind without me having to pull him. Savannah did the same but Ryan, being a child, walked slowly.
"Ryan I swear to god walk faster or I will make it known you're here and they will want to kill you if I do." I screamed in a whisper. He immediately picked up his speed. "Glad to see you moving again." I winked at him
I took the key from under the mat and unlocked the door. We walked in quietly and carefully. The lights were off except for the little lamp beside the couch. Savannah flipped the switch and we revealed three boys laying on one another fast asleep. I'm just going to hope they were waiting up for us and fell asleep instead of having a secret slumber party on the couch with each other. I decide to take my wonderful moment and kick the door closed making it slam. The boys woke up and looked around. As soon as they noticed the way they were positioned they jumped of the couch and looked at the source of the sound, us. Savannah and I smirked.
"These are the guys you were telling us about?" Drew asked.
"Yea, this is them." I responded simply. "This is Ty, Max, and Ben." I named from left to right.
"And they are?" Ty asked.
"Human." Savannah shot back.
"Specifically males" I added in. These two decided to laugh a little so I said something else. "Well as far as we know they're male."
"No! I thought they were dogs! Oh no wait maybe frogs!" Ben said sarcastically.
"Wouldn't doubt it if you did." I smirked. I turned to savannah. "Would you?"
"Nope, not even a little." She smiled. She stood there staring at me wondering what to do.
"Well f you two too." Ben said quietly but loud enough for me to catch.
"Earth to girls!" Max yelled. "Why are they here?"
"Well they are obviously with us" we raised our hands connected with the boys. "And we're here to change then we're going back out. Most likely to dinner and a movie. Maybe to my favorite place. I don't know yet, but we're not staying here." With that savannah and I pulled the guys upstairs to our room and locked the door. I made them sit on my bed.
"You two sit here and don't move or savannah will chop your heads off. We'll be in there getting clothes." I pointed to the closet and walked in closing the doors behind me. I grabbed a black long sleeved shirt with the neckline draping down, a pair of white skinny jeans, and a pair of black heeled boots and left the closet going into the bathroom to change. I walked out ready to go and counted down from 5 and when I got to 1 there was a knock on the door. I unlocked the door and opened it for the boys to walk in. I purposely sat on Drews lap and saw maxs face become red while savannah walked out and sat in between the boys. She was wearing a light blue halter neck shirt with black skinny jeans and a pair of silver stilettos