
I couldn't believe it! I was finally seeing them all again tonight. My 3 sidekicks. Musketeers. 3 peas in a pod. I swear they almost never left each other's side. Actually no im pretty sure that this is the first time they're away from each other because they were forced to. I know knife was sitting at the club/bar waiting for me to come back. He knows me all too well. He just doesn't know when I'm coming but tonight's the night. Except I know him all to well also. I know he's not just going to be sitting behind the bar, or at the bar for that matter, but he'll be downstairs in the basement, which is our hide out, or one of the side rooms for employees only. I don't plan on finding him while charlie is there, I'll do it before he arrives. My night is not getting ruined by knifes stupid tricks, games, and possible jealousy.
At this moment I was standing in my closest standing before my, thankfully, neat and organized side of the closet with certain clothes in certain places. I had a spot for my everyday clothes, the casuals, dinner parties, clubs, a night out with the crew, etc. I have a lot of clothes. My shoes I just wore whatever I felt. I could be wearing casual clothes but still want to wear heels and I would so I never really labeled shoes or accessories. Savannah's side is the same way. We were neat organized freaks at heart but most of the time we only actually clean once a week. We'd occasionally pick up every now and then but on Thursday's or Friday's we'd clean our room completely.
I immediately went to my club outfits. It was my first night actually out with the crew and little did they know I was showing up. I'm the best surprise they could ask for. I want to ride my bike tonight so dresses are out of my options. I searched through it and didn't really find something I liked since most of my club clothes were dresses. So I settled for a pair of ripped black skinny jeans and a tight white v neck crop top. I slipped on a pair of white heels and grabbed a pair of hoops and a necklace with a heart charm on it and walked out of my closet and to the mirror.
I straightened my hair and threw it up in a pony tail. I figured I'd take it down after the crew was together at the club. I didn't plan on wearing my helmet so that's also why I wore my hair up. It was about the time it started to get dark out that I finished my hair. Gee I think that's the longest I've spent on my hair, an hour and a half, oops haha oh well it was worth it. I stood up and looked at myself in the mirror and nodded in approval until I heard voices. Voices that were not Charlie's or Savannah's. Damn it the boys are here. I could always climb out of my window and risk my death, nah Id rather not. I heard Savannah come in screaming. She sounded pissed. Oh dear god.
I stayed in my room laying down for about ten minutes before my door slammed open. It was the beast herself.
"Well hello sunshine, who must I go find tonight on one of my first nights back?" I asked and let out a small laugh.
"Your scumbag ex boyfriend. He flipped saying I should be helping the guys look for you, meanwhile he told me to back off." She looked furious. Man I really do have to hurt this idiot. I mean he can be so stupid sometimes.
"Gladly, I already planned that out. Now, where are the boys?" I raised my eyebrows.
"Well I didn't yell at a ghost sweetie." She smirked and I laughed. "They're in the living room or their rooms."
"Want another reason to yell at them?" I asked full of delight and amusement in my voice. She raised her eyebrows and cocked her head. Seriously do I not look like im ready to go out and need a way out of the house without them seeing me?
"Well of course, but why?" She questioned. "And where the hell are you going?! Especially without me or charlie. Shit charlie." Now it was my turn to raise my eyebrows.
"One, go tell the guys that I texted you saying im coming into the city for awhile and then yell at them to get out to their spots. Two, because you need anger out of your system, plus im not dealing with bitchy savannah." I smirked and laughed. "And three, where the hell is charlie?!" I screamed in a whisper. She put her finger up telling me to wait a minute before she walked out of the door. I heard Savannah scream and a few muffled okays before the front door slammed shut. Idiots.