
I woke up alone in Charlie's bed wondering what to do today. I mean I'm in his apartment, alone, with nothing to do. I can't just sit in bed all day and mope around like the sad lost little puppy I've been acting like for the past week or so. I decided to finally get out of bed and sit on the couch, I've made small progress. I feel like I've been intruding Charlie's space so I decided to leave for a few days. I packed my stuff that I had and put it in my car. I'm very thankful Charlie had Trevor bring my car over and then gave him a ride home when I was still a mess. I feel horrible that I'm running away from someone once again, especially another person that really has cared about me. Charlie has been great but everyone needs some space and I think both of us could use it.
I drove down the road towards the beach thinking about if I should've left Charlie a note or not. I figured it'd be best if I texted him later because I'm sure no one wants to come home from work and see that the person they let stay with them has just decided to up and leave for awhile. I pushed all of those thoughts to the back of my head and turned on the radio just in time for my favorite song to start. I haven't heard it in awhile because I haven't had much time for music so I started to sing along to Misery Business by Paramore. Oh how I love this song. Before I knew it I was finding a parking spot down by the beach.
I had found the perfect spot. It was in a small parking lot that surrounded a cute dolphin fountain. I parked a few spaces down from a car that seemed way too familiar and got out. I started thinking out loud "Could it really be? Is she here? She rarely ever comes here! No it's just a look alike car that's all." Haha whoops people are starting to look at me crazy. I shout to them "Oh like you've never talked to yourself!" in the nicest way possible, and there, that's when I saw her walking to the pier. Why is she here? She almost never comes to the beach except when either I drag her down here to have fun, to get away from everyone, or the one reason she told me to never tell anyone about. I swear to god if the last one is why she's here Id probably be in jail by tomorrow. Then I realized, shit, we're not talking. Today is where I fix things. I can't keep living without her and it's been too damn long for me. I will do everything possible to get her to talk to me or just listen at least. I can't expect much right now.
Before I can realize what I'm doing my feet carry me away into her direction and I've never been so nervous. I instantly stop once I end up at the beginning of the pier. A wave of fear and sadness washed over me and I had a flashback of when I was 13. I remember that day very clearly and I hadn't been more afraid in my life. It was a bright sunny afternoon that my dad had taken me here and I asked him if we could go on the pier We went to the end and watched people fish because when we weren't fishing together we'd watch others fish and sometimes I'd tell them nice cast to boost their spirits when they caught nothing and they'd always smile at me. After awhile we turned to watch the waves and even saw some dolphins jumping out of the water not too far away but then that's when it had happened. My dad died right next to me. Someone had shot him and by time the ambulance got there it was too late. I was bawling my eyes out to a point where my vision was no longer clear and clutching onto his shirt screaming. After that day I promised myself I'd never go onto this pier ever again, no matter what. It hurt just looking at the exact spot of where my dad had collapsed. My eyes started to tear up and I ran away. I sprinted towards my car and pulled out my phone. I texted Savannah "Please come to my car. I know you're on the pier, I just saw you but when I got to the pier I sprinted back to my car, you should know why... Please, I just want to talk and for you to listen. Please." I never got a response. I wanted to get out and go talk to her so bad but my fear was much more powerful than I thought. I waited about twenty minutes before I gave up. I started the car and pulled out faster than I usually would and sped out of the parking lot so fast that my tires screeched. I caught everyone's attention but that didn't stop me from leaving. I didn't know where to go so I just drove around.