
I wonder if Savannah's here.. She's not the party type but if she needs to stop thinking she'll do anything to get whatever it is off her mind. I look down at the floor but couldn't help but realize I was still on Charlie and his arms are wrapped around me. I relaxed immediately. For some reason being with Charlie keeps me at ease. I leaned back against his chest with my head next to his and he clasped his hands together and rested them lightly on my stomach. I closed my eyes hoping this moment wouldn't end. I would've never moved if I didn't hear my name being called from what seemed like my best friends voice. It couldn't be and it wasn't. I leaned back disappointed. "What" I said rudely becoming the bitch I was.
I didn't know anyone here including the person that called my name. Somehow when it looks like you're dating one of the hottest guys in town that everyone knows, everyone knows who he hangs out with too. "Hi, I'm Amanda and I just wanted to say I hope you're having fun with my ex boyfriend." She smirked.
"Oh, sweetheart I am, but oh no please don't be jealous, we aren't dating." I smirked back. "I've only been staying at his apartment for the past week and making out isn't that big of deal. I'm sure nothing is bound to happen after awhile." I said sarcastically. "Remember that. Now walk away before you embarrass yourself more then you already have. I don't care that he's your ex, I care that Im at this party WITH him. Goodbye" I smiled proudly.
"Me? Jealous? That's pathetic you think I'm jealous. If anyone's jealous it's you." She flipped her hair.
"Yes I'm soo jealous because I'm sitting on his lap with his arms are around me and you're standing in front of us making a fool of yourself. You know you're lucky you have a pretty face because this jealousy just ruins the personality you already don't have." The bitch in me came out. "Now why don't you save yourself before you look ridiculous, wait," I fake gasped " you already do. Now leave me-no, leave us alone." I smirked
At one point I felt bad that I just told her off but I got over it the moment Charlie kissed my cheek like he was proud I stood up for myself. People underestimate me but they don't realize I fight back and I'm not afraid to tear you down. I'm pretty sure she went home with her "friends" after I told her to walk away from me for the second time. I'm not sorry I did that.
I stayed on Charlie for at least an hour before we got up and he pulled me to dance with him. Hours passed by as we danced, talked, and laughed. It was getting late and I haven't had a drink and I'm proud of that because I didn't want to drink unless I felt like nothing on my mind was going away. Charlie pulled me back to the couch to catch our breath. Trevor was gone and I suddenly felt like a weight was lifted off of my shoulders. I didn't feel awkward anymore. Instead of sitting on his lap I sat next to him and very close if you ask me but I was comfortable and I didn't care that people were still staring. I was having fun.
Charlie interlocked our hands together and he stood up. I followed his lead as he walked me outside and we stood on the front lawn.
"Do you want to go home yet?" He asked.
"It's up to you. You really have made tonight great and I really am having fun." I smiled. I was so lost in his eyes and caught up in his smile that I didn't even realize how close we were and that he was hold my hands.
"Come on, let's go grab something to eat and go home." He smiled. "Maybe watch a movie in the room?" He asked.