
Savannah's POV
I stood there smirking at her for her slip up. It just proved me right and I never even mentioned it to her. She called charlie her boyfriend just like he called her his girlfriend but they ended up correcting themselves. Question is though, why won't they just get together when they clearly have some sort of feelings? Well they already jumped way passed relationship stages to oh hey let's move in together stages, so why not?
She dropped her hands into her lap and shot me a death stare. "Go." I shook my head chuckling to myself and grabbed my leather jacket so I could leave. I walked out of our room and went to the door leading to garage so I could get my bike. Riding it should be fun since I haven't exactly been on it in awhile. I drive my car everywhere because I don't stay in the city for longer then a few hours. I usually just say hey to the boys and after Id go home to hang out with crystal and lately Trevor. Ah damn, I haven't spoken to him in a while so I might as well send him a text. 'In the city with Crystal for a while. See you soon. Miss you.' I left immediately after that racing to go get charlie.
I knew something like this would've happened sooner or later but I didn't think it'd be this soon. The person that was following charlie was probably one of knifes minions, whether they were sent to get him or not, they were definitely after charlie. To make matters worse it was probably the same one that killed crystals dog and dad. That jerk always took revenge on her ever since she refused to go out with him, little did he know she was dating knife. That was a shocker when I found out because knife never stuck with one girl, he was the type to sleep around, guess the bad boy did know how to keep a girl around if he really wanted her. So despite the fact I know something bad is going to happen If knife suspects anything between Charlie and crystal, im on a rescue mission to save him from the worst out of the two. Id rather him face knifes wrath then die even though we're not close friends.
I'm speeding down the highway going in between cars trying to get to Charlie as fast as I can. I'm not stopping for anything and frankly Id like to get back to the city before sunrise. Fast and dangerous just like lightning. I hated that nickname but someone special called me it so I dealt with it. The faster I went the more I felt free. This was perfect and I was so happy to be driving my motorcycle once again. I was going dangerously fast and I knew I needed to slow down, even I knew my limits. If I lost control Id be dead within seconds. As I got closer to the woods I slowed down to a safer speed and carefully made my way down the path. The perks of having a fast motorcycle and not being afraid of it is awesome. I got here in a little less then forty-five minutes when normally it should take a little over an hour.
This cabin is really creepy around midnight so I quickly ran to the door and started banging on it like no tomorrow. As the door opened i was still throwing my fists not realizing it. Charlie caught both of my hands mid air before they ruined his beautiful face and I just chuckled apologetically. He shook his head and motioned me to come inside and then slammed the door shut behind me.
"So long story short, you're not staying here and you're not leaving alone. Also you're not driving your car either. So get a bag of what you need and let's go. You can borrow some stuff later."
"What is goi-" I put my hand up to shut him up.
"No questions, just do it and let's go. You're not safe here. That van wasn't safe and still isn't. They'll find you and kill you. Now hurry!" I shouted the last part. He widened his eyes for a split second but then did as I said. He grabbed a backpack from the closet and started throwing some necessities into it. After a few minutes he came out of the bedroom with the bag clearly stuffed to the max.
"Ok ready." He said annoyed and smirked.
"Ha. Just wait for it." I said dragging him out the front door and to my bike. I chucked my helmet at him since I forgot to bring an extra. "Now, 'ready' for the time of your life." I mocked while swinging one leg over the bike. His jaw dropped and it just made me smirk. "Put your bag on your back and the helmet on your head. Swing one leg over and hold on tight, extremely tight." I said like I was talking to a child and then laughed. He glared at me but then did as told.