
I pulled them both to the bar and we all sat. This was probably not my wisest choice since my ex was in the room right next to us. We could hear a few shouts every now and which caused the two to look at me and all I could do was shrug "Ben is in there talking to knife. He looked pretty pissed when he entered." I said when they both looked at me. "I'll be back. Im going to tame the animals." I pointed to the door as I got up and walked away. Thankfully they didn't even try to stop me.
I knocked on the door and the yelling stopped. That scared me most for some reason. Im the only one that can keep knife calm so I couldn't be afraid right now. I hesitantly and slowly opened the door. The two boys were staring at me kind of shocked. Knife just stood there staring at me as Ben walked towards me. "He's all yours. Maybe you can calm his ass down." He hugged me "oh and I've missed you too, don't ever leave again." And with that he walked out. I looked at the floor unable to come up with something to say. I closed the door and walked towards him still looking down.
"You look good sweetheart." He sounded nervous. Did I really intimidate him?
I looked up. "Thanks." I forced a smile. "Now can we just skip the small talk and get down to business. What do you want from me?"
He smiled his award winning smile and looked into my eyes. "I've got some news I think you'd like to hear. Maybe even see for yourself? Then there's also one more thing I would love from you."
"Ok so tell me what you know. Show me what I need to see. Then maybe I'll consider giving you whatever you want." I said sort of backing down from him.
"Sweetheart you must have forgotten who I am. I'll give you the information later I want my end of this first." He smiled. "But for now why don't we put this to the side and just enjoy tonight. What do you say?"
I looked him straight in the eyes. "I can enjoy tonight I don't know about you though." I smirked "if you want your part at least considered I want half of my information or something about it."
"I'll enjoy tonight because you're not leaving my side." He smirked back. "The information deals with someone we both loved and still do love. Especially you. That's all you're getting for now. Now you have to consider my part?" He asked more then said.
"I wouldn't have it any other way and yes I'll consider." I smiled and pulled him out the door. Im terrified of the outcome that could happen soon. Charlie and Knife, together, meeting. Someone help me?