
Today, Charlie was seriously worried about me because i decided to sleep in until 3 in the afternoon, which i usually never do and he knew that. I hadnt gotten his texts when he was at work because i was asleep, again. I woke up to 5 texts and 10 missed calls from him.
He texted "Hey beautiful, how are you feeling?"
"Do you want me to bring you lunch on my break?"
"Did you do your homework yet?(;"
"Are you ok? You never ignore my texts..."
"Im coming home. Get ready im taking you out, no questions."
I woke up 5 minutes after that last text and it only takes him an hour to get home so i knew i had time. Im not like most girls, when i say give me 10 minutes and ill be ready ill be out in 9. I took my time getting ready and decided to take 5 minutes finding something to wear. I finally decided on a pair of black jeans, a neon green tube top, and my black high heels. I took half an hour to straighten my hair just to waste time. I realized i still had some time left so i went to his room to lay down and watch tv. I dont remember falling asleep watching tv but i did. Charlie came home and took a shower while i was sleeping. I woke up to the sound of a door closing. I slowly opened my eyes and rubbed them to see more clearly. I saw Charlie once again with a towel wrapped around his waist.
"Hey, what time is it?" i spoke so he wouldn't remove the towel.
He turned around with a smile. "It is time for me to get dressed so we can leave later." he walked towards me and sat on the bed "Go back to sleep for a little bit. We still have some time after i get ready, i didnt know it was still early for our plans." he kissed my forehead and walked away.
"Thank you Charlie. For everything, letting me stay here, making me feel welcomed, being really nice to me, and for taking me out to where ever we are going later" I rolled over and closed my eyes for what seemed like a lifetime.
Charlie woke me up around 9. I jumped out of his bed and went to the door. I waited patiently while he put his shoes on and grabbed his keys and wallet. He started walking towards me with a smile on his face like he was a little kid walking through a candy shop. He pushed me up against the wall putting his hands around my waist and whispered into my ear "Im glad you're mine tonight. You look amazing and i get to show you off." he pulled his head away and kissed me on the cheek. I gave up at that point, i couldnt help it, i kissed him until we had to break apart for air. I know if he did anything like that again i wouldnt be able to stay here. He backed away completely with a smile like that was his plan all along. He took me by the hand and pulled me out the front door "Come on, we are going to have fun tonight." He winked at me and kept pulling me to his car. He opened my door and closed it after i got in. He was being extra nice tonight. He got into the car and pulled out of his driveway and went down the highway. I fell into a light sleep wondering where we were going but i didnt know. He wouldnt tell me before we left so i let it be. I really have to learn to get used to surprises, i have a feeling this wont be the only time Charlie does this to me...