
"No, it's either you let me go out and talk to the people I actually am talking about or I just give you all the silent treatment until you let me go. Now which is it Benny boy because I don't mind playing this game all day if I have to. Try me, I dare you." I stepped closer with my arms crossed so that we were almost an inch away from each other. I knew I had won when he stepped back while running a hand through his hair and messed it up. I smirked and walked out the front door, making sure to slam it in the process, with my music playing once again. I know it's unfair but if they really expect me to come to them over this then they're out of their right minds. Until we meet again friends.
Savannahs POV
"What is your problem?" I yelled at Ben after she slammed the front door.
"Excuse me?" He asked
"You heard me loud and clear. What the hell is your problem? Why couldn't you just let her be and let out some steam?" I stepped closer so I was in the middle of the group and him.
"She is my problem! She leaves for a week and stays in her room for hours then comes down just to leave again! And her excuse is to talk to people when we are the ones who deserve answers!?" He yelled.
"Let me ask you something. Did you ever think that we aren't her only family that is worried about her? That maybe she left others in the dark about her whereabouts? That maybe, just maybe, giving those people answers is more important than giving answers to us?" Complete silence filled the room. "Exactly! She has another family and that's who she's going to right now! So calm down and get off your high horse because that girl has been through hell and back with that family. We only know her story but they lived it with her. So before you get all pissed off again think about her and how she feels not just about us!" I screamed in his face poking his chest because his little scene that he just made with Chrissy pissed me off.
"How would you know?" He asked
"Because unlike you, I listen to her. She has tried telling all of you about them but she never did because you all cut her off with something more important. She told me on our own time. Maybe, just maybe, you should try to get to know her again because all of you, clearly, have forgotten your so called sister or ex." I pointed to all of them. "Everyone here with the exception of charlie of course." I sat down on the couch completely tired. Tired of all of this. I've been up late every night hoping things are going to be ok with her and Ben could've seriously just made things worse. I know why she left. She needed space and time to think. This time she left to go to her other family which was a given.
If there's one thing I learned about crystal it's that she strong, brave, stubborn, and independent. She likes to run away when she has a lot going on in her life. She takes everything and sorts it all out. She needed it for sure this time. With everyone pretty much looking like they're against her, including me, she deserved the alone time. I was worried about her but I knew she could handle herself. No one dares to mess with her, especially when she's got a gun in hand or close by.
I've heard a lot about this family but im the only one that knows about them, up until now of course. She's told me past memories that were happy and sad sometimes even both. They were certainly the next best thing she had to a real family. Two amazing brothers and amazing parents. Id bet you my life she wishes she was biologically related to them. After about the tenth time the boys cut her off she gave up with trying to tell them. I saw how important this was to her that we knew about the others but she was just done. No one wanted to listen so she refused to talk. As far as I know she won't tell her other family about us because we, and by we I mean the boys, won't listen to her. She'll just have to try again once more even if I have to sit them all down and take away their phones just to make them listen.