
We put the heels on and checked our phones.
"Nothing here." She said looking at her phone so I checked mine. I had a text from a blocked number so I opened it. I read it out loud "So glad you guys are giving this a chance(: now you have followed step 1. Now for step 2. Please go to Walmart across the street and go to register 5. We have left a note and a small list with the cashier. She has agreed to give you both the note and list. We gave you guys an extra $15 each in your wallets. Use the money to get the items on the list. See you guys soon! Hopefully.(; "
"Looks like we're going to Walmart Crystal." She says while giving me the evil eye.
I walked ahead "Come on!" I said getting anxious.
We walked into Walmart and went to register 5. "Hello, two guys told us to come here and said you had a note and list for us?"
"Ah, you are the two girls those boys rambled on about. Such handsome men they were. I wish you two good luck!" She said handing us the note and list. "Thank you." I replied.
I read the note "Have fun, and yes there is a point to all of this." Savannah read the list " two candles, two string of white lights, 20 red roses-real or fake."
"What the hell? What are they planning?" She asked as if it wasn't obvious.
I shrugged. "Some grand gesture, probably. I just wish I knew who these guys were."
"Ok well I'll go get the candles and lights, and you go get the flowers. I hate flowers." She said with sass. I can tell she was getting aggravated.
"Yes ma'am." I said laughing.
"Don't yes ma'am me!" She said angrily.
"Ok, ok, I'm sorry. Now go. I want to leave."
We went our separate ways. I went to go find the roses, I decided fake was the best decision, for once I agreed with Savannah on this little trip, I hated flowers too, especially roses but I was making the best of it. I found fake roses and grabbed them. I found Savannah by the candles, she had grabbed the lights first. She grabbed two red cinnamon scented candles and we proceeded to the same cash register we got the note and list from. We put everything on the counter and I grabbed my wallet taking out the $15 they left. She gave us our receipt and another note. "Thank you." I said. We walked out of the store and she read the note.
"Well you're a little more than half way there. Congratulations. Ok well now for something to make you feel little more comfortable and safe. As you step out of the store look to your left. It's one of your cars. T drove it here while I took you guys to the beach. Go inside the doors are unlocked and there is another note in the middle console. J and T."
We looked to our left and saw Savannahs car. "Yay!" She squealed feeling better. "Calm down, hun. People are staring at you." I said. "Now let's go."
We got in the car and she opened the middle console. She took the note out and read it.
"Ok now here is the fun part, more for us because we are happy you actually went along with this. Now we have set the address to where you are going to go in the gps so just turn it on and follow it. Have fun. J and T."
Alright so why are we doing this? I mean yeah I know I want answers but is there more? The suspense of who these guys are is killing me. Savannah started the car and turned on the gps. We left the spot we were parked in and followed the directions of the guys and gps like we were told. I felt scared knowing this was almost over and we were about to meet the people who are our "kidnappers". The car ride was silent. I looked at the time and it was only 9, I looked at the estimated time and it said we would arrive at our mysterious destination in half an hour. A few left and right turns later we were almost there. Savannah broke the silence. "What happens after this? Like, what are we going to do about these guys?"