
I watched him intensely making sure he never left my view. I didn't want him to run away like last time but he's been trained since then. Some guy was throwing a frisbee to him so I didn't mind, I just nodded at the guy and he smiled. I was brought out of my trance by someone clearing their throat next to me but I ignored it not even looking at them. I focused back on my dog praying that the guy wouldn't dognap him.
"Well if you didn't want to acknowledge me, short stack, then that's all you had to say." I knew that voice. I knew that voice very well. Drew. Drew Moore. I turned to him and smiled instantly, and next to him was his brother Ryan.
"Dre Dre!" I jumped onto his lap and hugged him tightly. I grew up with him. He was always my protective older brother. Ryan on the other hand was my personal walking nightmare. He always picked on me and played pranks but it was always war. I got off Drew and we all stood up. I pulled Ryan into a hug "Ryan! How could I forget the evil mastermind." I pulled back and winked. We all laughed. I turned around and called spike over and I hooked the chain on his collar as soon he was next to me. I walked around the park with my 3 boys while catching up with the two that could actually talk. We laughed some more and even shared some old memories the we remembered. Drew and Ryan never knew about the gang and Id like to keep it that way.
"So how long are you in town, buttercup?" Ryan asked. The boys lived in the city their whole life, I unfortunately moved all around New York.
"I don't know to be honest." I sighed. "I know I'm not leaving any time soon so I'll probably be here more then a week. Maybe a month or two. Might just stick around forever." I chuckled.
"Well what's moms plan this time?" He asked.
"Ry when does mom ever have a plan? But I'm not staying with mom. I kind of moved out about two months ago when she wanted to move again and she finally did a day or two ago." I honestly lost track.
"What?!" They both shouted on both sides of me.
"Yea, I couldn't do it anymore. I wasn't leaving again so I've been staying with a friend and he's been supportive." I mentally slapped myself for saying that. They'll both question me now. Even though Ryan was my nightmare he did care about me and acted like Drew sometimes but mostly when it came to guys. They stopped in front of me causing us to be in a small triangle with them looking down at me.
"Excuse me? Did you just say 'he'?" Drew said annoyed "You've been living with a guy?!" He shouted angrily.
"Dre Dre come on don't act like this. Nothing has happened." Lie. I looked at Ryan "Ry help me out here."
"No." He glared at me and I put my hands up surrendering "Why didn't you come to us buttercup?" He asked disappointed. Oh thank god he's not pissed. He only calls me that when he's not furious.
"Ry because I know you would've made me go back to mom. Truth is mom and I haven't been getting along anyways so it worked out." I sighed thinking about her. "Dre Dre would you like to meet him? I took him to the city with me." I gave him the puppy dog face. Maybe he'd chill when he met him.
He simply nodded and Ryan jumped in. "Uhm yea you didn't have to ask. We were meeting him with or without your consent." Damn big brother instincts. "Well this catch up was great but Drew we actually have to get home and help dad with the bikes."
I looked down at the word dad. Drew noticed and elbowed Ryan in the stomach. "Sorry buttercup, I wasn't thinking." I instantly remembered calling them first to let them know the horrible news. I told them everything and spent hours crying to and with them. No one could deny that I was the one who was hurt the most and I was affected the most.