
"Why don't you come here as much?" He asked
"My dad was the only one who brought me here, we were the only ones who knew about this place. This was our place, our escape." I paused and took a deep breath. "Now, now he can't take me here anymore..." My voice became shaky but I kept it together.
"Why not?" He asked confused.
"My dad died when I was 13." I paused and counted to ten. 1.. 2.. 3.. 4.. 5.. 6.. 7.. 8.. 9.. 10.. I'm ok now. I was waiting for the words everyone used to say to me but instead he just took my hand and squeezed it gently and I continued with what happened answering his next question. "He took me to the beach and I begged him to go on the pier. It was my favorite place to go when we were there. I loved watching the men fish because it's something me and my dad did together and I loved seeing others and their passion for it. So he said yes and I dragged him down to the pier and ran to the end and gave one of the men a smile and said nice cast when he reeled in nothing and he returned the smile and said thanks. My dad caught my attention and told me to look at the ocean where we saw a bunch of dolphins jumping out of the water.." I stopped and leaned into his side. He noticed I was about to breakdown
"Just take your time hun, we have all day. I have all day." He half smiled and kissed the top of my head. I nodded and took a break from talking and just sat there for a minute or two before I continued.
"My dad died right next to me. Someone shot him and the ambulance was too late when they got there. My dad had collapsed next to me and all I can remember is crying and screaming as I knelt down next to him and clutched his shirt." I took a deep breath. "That's why I was such a mess when you found me last night. I saw a few dolphins and an eagle, his favorite animal, in the distance after I had a nightmare of what happened with him. That's also why I was smiling earlier I saw a dolphin in the distance."
He didn't say anything he just stood up and pulled me into him enclosing me in his arms moving one hand up and down my back trying to sooth me as I had already started to cry a little bit. "Shh, it's okay sweetheart." He pulled away and cupped my face in his hands wiping the tears away with his thumb. "He is always with you in your heart and he knows you're one strong girl. Don't cry? Ok? He is looking down on you right now probably wanting to see your beautiful smile instead of your tears. He loves you." I hugged him and didn't let go. I never wanted to let go this was perfect. He kissed the top of my head once again "Now I bet your dad wants to beat the living crap out of me for touching his precious daughter."
I pulled back and smiled as I shook my head no. "He would love and welcome any man that keeps his daughter from crying. Especially one his daughter cares about a lot." I dried my face from the last tears I still had slowly going down my face and kissed his cheek and hugged him again. "Text Savannah and tell her to come tomorrow. I want to stay here for a few hours and then, if you want to come, go talk to my mom with you. I can't face her alone and she won't argue if someone else is there."
"Sure thing, love, and of course I'll come with you. I wouldn't dare let you go alone." He pulled out his phone and surprisingly got reception. He texted Savannah and she replied "ok." Of course she would. I did the same but texted my mom and told her I was coming home for the night. I may have not mentioned Id be bringing a friend but who cares I wasn't staying there forever just for the night.