
I was standing by the door patiently with my keys and phone in hand waiting for Charlie to come out of his room. I swear this boy took longer then I did to get ready. He came out about five minutes later in jeans and a black T-shirt. Seriously how did it take about fifteen minutes just to change into jeans and a shirt. I walked up to him and grabbed his hand pulling him out the front door like I was in a rush. He stopped me to lock the door and now I was starting to get impatient. I wasn't looking at him anymore I turned to look at the beach. I never noticed how close he actually lived to the beach. I saw a dolphin in the distance and I smiled. Charlie caught me off guard and hugged me from behind as he whispered in my ear. "What are you smiling about and why are you in such a rush?" He asked and it made the smile on my face stay before I turned around and gave him a quick kiss and said "You'll find out why I'm smiling in a little bit and I'm in a rush because I want to take you somewhere special to me." I smiled. I knew exactly where we were going to go. My dad used to take me there all the time during the summer and I loved it. It was so beautiful and peaceful. No one knew about it, not even Savannah.
We got in the car and I drove out of town and he started getting confused. We were going to my favorite place in the world. It was only about another hour drive so I started to speed a little bit as I got anxious. I couldn't wait to get there and the best part is it's the best place to talk about my dad. I know exactly how to start that conversation too. I've obviously been thinking a lot about this. Since I was pretty much speeding the whole way, we got there in half the time it usually takes but we also still had to go on a little hike before we actually got there. I parked on the side of the road and got out motioning Charlie to get out with me. "We have to take a short hike and then we'll be there." I smiled and jumped excitedly. He probably thinks I'm going crazy but he'll soon know why.
We finally got there after about five minutes of him complaining and asking if we were almost there. It was a beautiful little area surrounded by trees which is why no one knew about it, to be honest I don't know how my dad found it. To some people they'd think it was just a bunch of rocks with a cave and waterfall leading into a small pond looking area but what I saw was rocks perfectly placed to form a small pool that was shallow but deep enough for you to stand in and be halfway under water and the cave was up higher where a bunch of big rocks stacked up like stairs led to with the waterfall on the right of the cave flowing into the small pool. It was absolutely breathtaking. Charlie obviously thought so too because he was already walking around the small pool examining every little detail. I then remember I should've brought my sketch book, oh well maybe next time. "Come on, let's go up to the cave. It's a better view." I said as I walked to the rock and started climbing carefully so I didn't slip.
We were sitting on the ledge of the cave with our feet dangling over and looking down at the pool filled with clear blue water and the waterfall every once in awhile too but mainly the pool. We were silent for a while as I let Charlie take in his surrounding and I gave myself a pep talk. I backed away from the ledge and sat on a rock in the middle of the cave and Charlie followed soon after. I stared into the distance and glanced at the waterfall and leaned against the much larger rock behind the two rocks we were sitting on. "My dad used to take me here during the summer when I was younger. I rarely ever come here now." I stopped as I cleared my throat.