
I finally made it to my cabin in the woods. I know, creepy right? Well wrong, I'm not about to get killed in the middle of the night by some masked murderer by Crystal Lake, no im far from that. It's peaceful out here and I haven't been here since my older brother left and never came home. To be honest I don't even know if he's dead or alive. We used to come here all the time just to get away. I walked in as the door continued to creek and it was dark and musty. I guess I should've checked up on the place every once in a while because it's all dusty on the furniture. As I plopped down on the couch a big cloud of dust hit me in the face which instantly made me cough a lot and get up from the couch. It's been a little over three hours since I left the girls and im sure they were worried so instead of texting them like I was told to do I called Crystal.
"Hello?" She asked more then said, I swear this girl never looks at the caller ID.
I chuckled "Hey beautiful, so change of plans. I'm not at the blue hole and im not going there either. I'm pretty sure I was being followed by some guy in a van so I pulled over and let them by but I didn't know if I'd see them again so I-" I would've continued but I was cut off by tires screeching "What the hell was that?!" I panicked.
"Where are you?!" They said in sync. I'm never going to get used to that.
"Girls! Calm down. I'm fine no one can find me. I promise. I'm at my brothers cabin in the woods."
The girls were talking but it sounded like muffled whispers so im almost positive one of them was covering the phone.
"Charlie don't move. I'm telling you now don't leave that cabin. Understand?" Savannah said sternly.
"Ok?" I questioned "Now what's wrong?" I asked
"Savannah will update you soon." She paused nervously. "She's dropping me off in New York City then coming to you." She said with one breath. My smile dropped, my jaw was hanging, and im completely shocked. Why is she going to the city? And how is Savannah going to find me?
"Good luc-" I hate being cut off but unfortunately I was.
"Yea so we have a tracker in your phone case smart one." Savannah said and in the short amount of time I've known her I know she's smirking.
"Ok and why are you dropping my gir-" I stopped myself and pinched the bridge of my nose "Why are you dropping her off in the city?" I recovered myself from the small embarrassing moment. Slip ups happen, shoot me.
"She wants/I want to visit the family." They said simultaneously and began laughing.
"Be careful, just please be careful." I responded quickly with concern "I guess I'll see you soon savannah." I hung up.
I hope they stay safe. I know they're sort of used to this stuff but anything can happen and that's what scares me.
Crystals POV
I couldn't help but be happy in the situation we were in. Even though savannah lied to me about some things I know I can trust her and I know she was the only real friend I had. We weren't fighting like I thought we would be but we were laughing and talking like old times. Charlie finally called and vaguely let us know about his whereabouts but I knew savannah would get to him in no time especially when she switched to he motorcycle. We were almost to the city when my phone started vibrating in my hand. I didn't let it go just in case Charlie decided to call again. This time I looked at the ID name and I saw it was Ty. The boys still had my number so im not surprised he's calling. I ignored his call, Id see him soon enough but first I had to go to the hideout and change and grab my motorcycle, savannah was going to do the same. She may have been going to Charlie but she was sure as hell bringing him back with her and he was soon to find that out.