
Savannahs POV
I didn't know what she was thinking as she looked out the car window but all I could see was the look of betrayal in her eyes ever since I saw her in the middle of the outburst I had with her mom. I never meant for it to get so far and I never in my life ever intended on hurting her. I felt guilty about everything. All the memories running through my mind, the extremely nauseating ones including everyone but her, made me sick. I shouldn't have kept things from her I should've told her straight up what was going on like I always did, like I always do. The girl who I once was is now disguised in shame. Id never forgive myself for how she found out some things tonight and the fact I kept it all from her. Id never forgive myself for keeping the real reason of her dads death, the one man who kept her spirits high. Even though I never met him I knew he was the number one man in her life just by all the great memories she'd share of them. I should have never betrayed her trust, I was her only real friend, whether she believed it or not. I had a shit load of explaining to do soon and in the end Id be lucky enough if she forgives me or even wants to talk about it.
Having told Charlie everything he needs to know for now and sending him on his way might not have been the best decision. He shouldn't be in this but it's too late now, knife is sure to find out. She said it should take him about an hour and a half to get to the blue hole but it's been almost two and half hours. I couldn't help worry about him because of Crystal. She seemed to have this new sparkle in her eyes when talking to him and you can tell she genuinely cared for him. The way she lights up around him is amazing and it made me smile on the inside because she never once was like that with sam. The thought of him just pisses me off 'Ass' I muttered under my breath so only I could hear. I noticed her shaking her leg quickly, she did this when she was nervous. She must have realize Charlie should've texted by now. Knife is quick but not that quick, but maybe he was, especially if it meant getting Crystal to talk to him. I shook my head throwing those thoughts out of my head, he wouldn't stoop that low yet.
I wasn't thinking but spoke anyways "Sparkle, call him." I said softly, then mentally slapped my face. Hard. I haven't called her that nickname in awhile. My eyes widened slightly in fear but to my dismay she looked at me and smiled and it gave me hope.
"I can't, Sav im too afraid. He should've texted by now." She looked down and sighed. "What if knife got him already?" Damn could she read minds? Great minds think alike.
"If he did he's an ass and doesn't know you at all." I scoffed.
"I just hope he's ok." She smiled sadly.
We ended up laughing a little bit, not a normal friendly one but a nervous forced laugh. We both relaxed a little after awhile and looked at each as we smiled for the first time since earlier today. I finally asked her where she wanted to go because all I was doing was driving around nervously in circles around town. She wanted to visit the crew and that's where we were going, place by place of course. First on the list Ty, then Parker, and lastly Ben. Later on she said she'd find knife or think of something but seeing the crew was her priority. It's been years and I can't blame her for wanting to see them, after all we are family.
Charlie's POV
I was an hour into the drive before I noticed a black van following me. I went in the left lane, they did too, I passed a car, they did too. I was a little afraid. Maybe he's just going the same way I was going and when I get to the spot he'll go passed me or they'll leave before.
Shut up! You're just paranoid after learning Crystal used to be in a gang and her ex leader and boyfriend is looking for her.
Ok I need to do something it's been almost two hours and I'm sure the girls have noticed the time too. I can call my cousin that's a cop but that's a little risky considering the position my friends are in. I pulled over and made it look like I was making a phone call hoping they'd go right by me without trouble. Thank god they did too. Since they were following me I took it upon myself to not go to the blue hole but somewhere no one will find me so I turned around and went back towards the way I came from. It's my special spot that no one knows about but it'll take a little longer to get there. I don't want to worry Crystal with all the details right now she's probably freaking out enough.