
"How do you know about the biggest leader coming after us?" She dropped everything else and my face dropped. Shit, savannah don't say a damn word about the gang, don't say a word.
"We worked with him and she blew him off. He's actually been after her for over a year now, before we ever became friends. I've been with him a lot longer then she has though. Actually I've know her for awhile but she just never noticed me until you screwed everything up and made me become friends with her but you never mattered because i made the friendship real." She yelled.
I think I've had enough of this. I found out my best friend is really a jerk. I found out my mom really never did care, so shocked. Sense the sarcasm? Well it was. I found out I've been searched for by my ex boyfriend, leader as everyone else knows, for over a year now. I found out I have no family or friends. Shit Charlie needs to leave. I jumped up almost panicking but kept it together. I walked to the kitchen where I saw savannah and my mom heated and about to attack. Savannah saw me and looked guilty I shook my head no and she knew not to say anything, thankfully my mom didn't look behind her.
"Looks like the bitch decides things on her own now. I can't believe she would do that. You must be lying. She's too innocent and sweet to be in a gang especially with Knife." How ironic is it that my ex boyfriends last name is knife and is in a gang? Not that ironic but still a little 'shocking'.. "What does he even want with her?" I nodded to stop savannah from interrupting. She obeyed because she knew i was either getting pissed or was way beyond the point of pissed. "Lucky for that bastard my daughter won't put up a fight with him. To be honest she has whatever she gets coming for her. She should've listened to knife a long time ago and now this is her mistake." I was about to cry. My mom just pretty much told my 'best friend' that I've dug my own grave and now I'm jumping in when I have to. I turned around and walked to the door only to hear savannah yell back. I mean completely with all her anger yell.
"Go to hell bitch! Your daughter doesn't deserve to die if anyone SHOULD die its you! Knife wants her for one of two reasons! To either make her an offer or threaten her. Either way it's one or the other! I swear on my life that I will make knife come after you before he ever! EVER! Puts a hand on her ever again! Watch out 'dear'."
She ran out and grabbed me pulling me to her car. "Call Charlie tell him to pack his shit and leave immediately. Get in!" I did as she said but didn't say what she wanted to hear.
"Charlie I need you to listen to me and listen good because this is serious. Someone's been tracking Savannah and this someone is big. Not fat big, not scary big, but gang big. There's not enough time to explain but you need to listen to me. You can not and I mean absolutely can't go back to your apartment tonight. I'll meet you at the park in a few seconds." I hung up leaving his end of the line dead with no room for questions.
I stayed silent. I'm thankful this girl next to me is helping right now but how much of our friendship was actually real? I have trust issues as it is but I cant imagine being betrayed by the closest person I have to family despite my so called mother. My mother was a stone cold hearted bitch who doesn't care about anyone but herself. She's the reason my dad is dead and my best friend knew about it. Well at least keeping the real reason he's dead away from me and for that I don't know if I can forgive her. I heard that somewhere in the middle of the conversation I walked in on but I decided to tune that part out hoping it wasn't real but I know it was. She knew he was the best thing in my life and now it's all screwed up. Now that I know my mom had set up my dads death I have a pretty good idea of who killed him. The same jerk that killed my dog when I was 15. Yea my dog was a protect dog that never left my side and when I took him to the park one day he was shot sitting right in front of me. I'll never know the full reason of why he was shot but I do know it was one of knifes minions that left the crew. The message was to warn me that he's coming after me soon enough. Killing my dad is one thing but my dog is crossing the line.