
"Well I'll gladly do that now." He smirked back and with that started to kiss me. Live while you can, right? He bit my lip and I gasped. I pulled back and tried catching my breath but he didn't stop. He started kissing my neck lightly until he got to my collar bone. I closed my eyes and he started to make his mark. I still didn't stop him but someone else did. My eyes flung open and I was shocked to see that it was an angry Ben pulling me back.
"Are you fucking crazy Chrissy?!" He turned and glared at the guy that was once in my presence. "And you get the hell out of here before I break your face!" He shouted. The guy backed away with his hands up and mouthed sorry to me. I sheepishly smiled back to him.
"What? So you can make out with random sluts every night but I can't make out with one guy?!" I shouted back in his face. "Especially a slut that was more important than saying hello to an old friend." I looked at him with nothing but hurt shown in my eyes.
"You are more important. Im sorry. And you know damn well what. Knife wants to talk to you and you're making out with a random in his club instead."
"Well I went to go talk to him but he was with a slut too. So I didn't even bother, I just left before he could see me." I pulled him to the bar and got water. "Go tell knife im here. He's in there." I pointed to the room next to the bar.
He walked away hesitantly as if I was testing him. Why would I test him with something like this? I wouldn't. Ben got to the door and looked at me, I nodded in confirmation telling him to continue. He knocked on the door loudly before swinging the door wide open. I could see that the lights were still on but I could only see a wall. Ben walked in with his fist clenched at his sides and slammed the door shut. I was confused and I wasn't getting anything out of Ben tonight so I walked away from the bar. I wonder where charlie and savannah is?
I walked to the darts game going on and I watched them intensely from behind. I know these people I knew exactly who they were. Charlie and Savannah were in an intense game of darts. This is new, I've never seen savannah play before so charlie must have dragged her over. I wanted to play pool but with who? That's what savannah and I did most of the time. When Savannah was done shooting I pulled savannah back and shushing her in the process. "Go to the pool table, I'll meet you there in a minute." I whispered and with that she smiled and walked away. I stood next to charlie and he didn't even look at me. Someone passed me three darts and I patiently waited for charlie to finish throwing his. After he was done I threw one and got a bullseye. I went again and got another one. On my third dart I got the same result. I smirked since charlie forfeited after that and passed his darts to someone else.
He came back to me and this time looked at me. I was still smirking and he raised his eyebrows. "You did that?" He asked before shaking his head. "I learn new things about you everyday." He laughed and put his arm around me. I led him to the pool table where savannah was getting the game for us ready. I grabbed 'my' pool stick from the side rack and put some chalk on it. Savannah lifted the black triangle from the table and rolled me the cue ball. I put it at the line and shot causing the balls to roll all over the place. I got a stripe in and kept going. I got about about four more balls in before I scratched. Savannah smirked considering I set her up perfectly. She shot ball after ball until she was down to one before the 8 ball. She missed and I shot my remaining balls in like it was a piece of cake. I called the top left corner pocket and put just enough pressure on the ball to hit it in and that's exactly what I did. I won the game like that. I put my arms in the air in victory with a smile on my face. I turned to charlie and winked. To say he was shocked would be an understatement.