
I sped off through the woods and through the main roads along with a short back road to make the ride shorter. As the city came into view I slowed down to a much much safer speed. I'm pretty sure Charlie almost had a heart attack by the way he was holding on so tightly. Hey I warned him. I'm sure I just traumatized this boy from getting on another motorcycle, oh well, he'll get over it. "Ok loosen up, we're not going to die and I'm not even speeding anymore." I said getting annoyed at the fact it's been fifteen minutes since we arrived in the city. I was going a fair speed, maybe 25mph since the roads were a little busy. "Charlie, loosen your grip!" I shouted getting a small pain from where he put pressure on my stomach.
Instead of going straight home I decided to drive Charlie around for a few hours letting him admire the city lights at night. The lights were beautiful and I absolutely adored them. This city definitely calmed me down whenever I needed it and honestly it's working wonders right now. I finally relaxed a little. I was so worried about Charlie and that crystal would be crushed if something happened to him made me worry more. Charlie and I may not have been close but I considered him a friend. If crystal worried about someone then so did I because they obviously deserved to be worried about and Charlie was one of them. Charlie was simply amazed by the beautiful city in front of him. He was literally speechless, he just kept stuttering. He finally came to a conclusion and said "Wow." Im glad he liked. I decided to take him home, crystal could show him more later on in the day which im sure is going to happen.
Crystals POV
The sound of soft footsteps and voices woke me up but I didn't open my eyes. I ignored them and tried going back to sleep but I couldn't. I opened my eyes slightly and looked at the alarm clock to see that it was only 5 in the morning. Who is here at 5 and can't let a girl sleep?! I pulled the pillow out from underneath me and laid it over my face to try to mute the voices and footsteps. No matter how hard I tried it's like they only got louder. I returned the pillow back under my head and moved closer to the wall as I shut my eyes again. I heard the door squeak as it opened but I kept my position still not caring who it was. The voices came back and I just groaned out of annoyance but it sounded like I was mumbling in my sleep.
"Well look at sleeping beauty all cozy in her bed for the first time in a long time." A girl whispered. I knew that voice all too well it was savannah so I really didn't care and stayed in my position.
"Yea she's so peaceful and definitely a beautiful sight to see." The other whispered but this time it was a guy.  It was Charlie. I guess I should've guessed she'd bring Charlie in here after they came home but, what took so long? She left late last night but it shouldn't have taken more then two hours to get back especially with her driving. 'Poor boy' is all I thought  after realizing savannah would scare him purposely.
"Well you can either take my bed and I'll sleep on the floor or you could sleep with her and I can sleep on my bed." Savannah just chuckled but was serious. I knew her well enough to know she was smirking in the end despite her seriousness.
He laughed nervously, almost robotically, and was probably debating on which bed to take. "Oh just go get next to her you big love bug, I know you have before, for fudge sakes you guys live together. Plus we both know you want to."
"Oh, shut up." He said jokingly and a little embarrassed. I felt my bed dip and I instinctively rolled over and faced him with my eyes kept shut. I heard him chuckle which made savannah do the same. She probably saw what happened. I slowly opened my eyes to make it look like I just woke up. He didn't notice I was awake yet so I faked a yawn.