
After driving around for an hour I knew exactly where to go. I'm glad I didn't completely leave the beach and just kept driving around this town. I went back to the beach but in a different spot that I hoped no one would find me except for Trevor or Jack. Someone would eventually come find me right? Oh well. I went back to the place where Jack and Trevor had taken me and Savannah to. I parked at the end and grabbed my blanket and pillow along with my wallet and of course my phone. I walked to the small private beach Jack took me to and laid the blanket down and threw the pillow on the blanket. I sprinted back to the car for my spare bathing suit that I kept in the trunk. Might as well do something to relax. When I got back to the private beach I changed quickly and laid down. I closed my eyes hoping to fall asleep but my phone rang. Charlie was calling me so I answered "Hello?" he's probably the only one I will answer right now.
"Hey, where are you? I came home with some lunch for us but your car is gone and you're not here." He sounded upset and confused. I felt a wave a guilt wash over me.
"Sorry I should have told you sooner.... I left for a few days so you can have some space. I think I'm going to go home tomorrow or sometime within the next few days but right now I'm relaxing where no one can find me except for one person. I kind of just freaked out after I saw savannah and had a horrible flashback." My voice was now shaky and noticeable.
"Where are you? Ill come get you and you can come back home for a little while and then leave after you relax. You sound like you're about to have a breakdown."
"I'm fine," I got my voice under control "If you really want to find me then talk to Jack. He's probably the only one who could find me." I said monotonously
"Why is he the only one?!" He pretty much screamed into the phone with anger and jealousy.
"One- calm down and two- because he is. Just ask him where I ran off upset and he should know." And with that I hung up the phone. Why is he all of a sudden so jealous of Jack. He knows I haven't talked to Jack since the one little meaningless date. Plus Jack hasn't even tried to contact me once so I know it was just a one night thing. Also why does it matter it's not like I'm dating him either. He took me to one party and we kissed a couple of times. All I know is that if Charlie really is jealous then I need to talk to him about it and about us. I also know that if he is jealous but cares about me and really wants me home for the night then he will swallow his pride and talk to Jack just to find me. Now it's just a waiting game for my knight in shining armor, not that I need saving or anything but to be honest I don't want to be alone but I don't want to go home, to either one.
I close my eyes and finally drift off into dream world where I have a dream that feels so real. It's a normal day where I'm at home sitting on my couch with Savannah watching movies under a blanket big enough for a queen size bed. We're watching Water Boy starring Adam Sandler at the moment and my dad walks through the front door holding two bags of candy one for me and Savannah each. Then all of a sudden my wonderful realistic dream turns into a nightmare that has happened. My dad took us to the beach and we went to the pier and watched Dolphins jump out and then it happened again. I lost my dad for the second time along with my best friend. My dad was shot by someone and I started to scream and cry and clutch his shirt as hard as I could. I then turned to my best friend and tried to talk to her but she gave me the cold shoulder and was back to ignoring me. I sprinted for the car and sped off. The sound of the tires woke me up. I jumped up and bursted into tears. I didn't know what to do. I ran over to the giant rock and leaned against it for support as my legs became shaky and started to feel like jello. As I gained my strength back I climbed on the large rock and then climbed onto the higher one next to it and stood up. I started staring at the ocean hoping for a sign, something, anything to show my dad was next to me and that something good was going to happen next. I stood there for about five minutes before it happened. A bunch of dolphins jumped and flipped out of the water along with an eagle flying high above like it was guiding the dolphins. I slowly sat down feeling a little more relaxed. An eagle was my dads favorite animal and the dolphins were the last thing we saw together.