
"Can you come get me? Im at the park, your park." I looked up at the stars.
"Sure, I'll be there soon. Don't move off that bench." I laughed, this was my favorite bench. He hung up and I looked up at the sky waiting for him to come get me. A dog appeared next to me and just sat there watching me. He had no tags or a collar. He looked old and sad. I looked at his paw and he was bleeding. His fur was soaked in blood and I became nauseous. I called a vet and they came to pick him up just as dad arrived a few minutes later. I stayed still watching the the man take the poor dog away as a tall figure took a seat next to me. I saw him staring at me from the corner of my eye and I just looked down. He put his hand on my shoulder and I relaxed leaning back. I rested my hands in my criss crossed lap and laid my head on his shoulder. I really missed him and haven't seen him in a while.
"Can I crash at your house tonight?" I looked at him and he nodded slowly. We got up and walked to his car. I forgot he only lived down the street from the park.
He unlocked the door and we both walked in. "You can take the spare room at the end of the hall or you can slip in with either one of the boys. Ryan is the last door on the left and Drew is the first door on the left. The middle one is the bathroom and mom and I will be right through this door" he points to the first door on the right. I smiled while nodding.
"Thanks dad I'll let you know what's going on in the morning. Oh and please don't tell mom im here I want to surprise her." I smiled and he nodded while walking into his room.
I walked into Drew's room quietly and sneaked over to his bed. I got really close to him and shouted 'boo' in his hear making him jump up out of bed and I started giggling. Same old drew. He glared and I surrendered. "How'd you get here short stack?" He asked. "Dad right?" I nodded "Picked you up from the park bench?" I smiled.
"Yea dre, he was the only one up like always and he knew where to go before I even told him." I laughed and sat on his bed next to him. We sat up against his headboard just looking at the wall in front of us. Im ready to break down and I don't want drew to see that. "Alright well i just wanted to stop in and see you before I go to bed. Im going to go change and crash with ry." I said not moving an inch. He took ahold of my hand and looked at me trying to send me a message I just couldn't receive. I kissed his cheek and got up from his bed while he still held my hand like I might never come back. I brought his hand up to my face and kissed his hand. "Im not leaving dre dre. Im ok and im not leaving. Go to sleep, I'll be here in the morning." I walked away as he released me.
I changed into my spongebob shorts Ryan bought for me and a tank top. I knew Ryan had bought the shorts since spongebob was our favorite cartoon. I don't know why but they seemed to be updating my wardrobe in this house. I walked into Ryan's room and stood there with wide eyes. His lamp was on and he was passed out with a book on his chest, I laughed at the sight. He moved at the sound. I walked over to him and removed the book from his chest and bent the corner of the page to mark his spot. "Ryan" I whispered and shook him a little. He didn't budge so I shook him a little harder. He rubbed his eyes and moved his position.
"What time-" he looked at me "hey, what are you doing here?" I smiled sadly you and he moved over so I could sit next to him. "Come on, get over here, I know that look." I just laughed humorlessly.
"If you want I can go to the spare room." He pulled me on the bed and hugged me.
"Shut up and lay down. We used to do this all the time when we were kids. Remember when we snuck a bunch of candy and snacks into my room when everyone went to bed at midnight and then we fell asleep next to each other on the floor." I laughed as he let me go and I got under the blankets. "Good, now go to sleep. We'll talk about this in the morning." I nodded as he reached over me and shut his lamp off. He pulled me closer and hugged me as I faced him. He kissed my forehead and I just laid there silent as he fell back asleep. I relaxed more and more as time went by and I decided to put my head on his chest. He was right we used to do this all the time when we were younger. I don't think I'll be sleeping tonight but I'm comfortable with the rest of my family surrounding me.