
"So do you think you could tell me where the front entrance is?" I asked. "Hello?" Well this is rude he's just ignoring me. "Hello!" I shouted and made them both jump. The girl simply glared at me while I smirked.
"Holy hell, Crystal, you know where the damn entrance is. Go inside." He said coldly. I frowned. That really hurt.
"Screw you Ben." I shoved him and walked past him. When I got to the corner I turned around and shouted back to him. "I missed you too by the way, oh and have fun with 'that'." I pointed to the girl next to him as he looked at me stunned. Yes it's really me idiot. I forced a smile and walked around the corner of the building and went to the security guard.
"Hey, Bill, it's nice to see you again." Bill is Bens brother. The much nicer brother if I must say so myself. I smiled and gave him a hug. "Can I get in?" I asked.
"Sure thing, it's nice to see you again, Crystal. By the way you look good tonight. Oh and knife is in the side room by the bar, he's been waiting for you in there every night for about a month. Be safe." I smiled and thanked him as he let me through the doors.
I made my way to the bar and sat down thinking of what he wanted. What if he does want me back? I can't just say yes. I have a thing for charlie. Plus I can't ever let go that he cheated with my best friend. But I can't say no either he'll think it's because of charlie. Ugh boys. I got up and turned around looking for Ty or Parker. I came up with nothing though. I saw a sea of bodies dancing to the music and others standing around in the other room, some were even playing darts and pool in there. I guess my much needed pep talk is out of the question, oh well. I walked to the room next to the bar and knocked. No one answered. I knocked again, but no answer maybe Bill was wrong. I opened the door and the light was on so I continued to walk in. I was shocked to find what I found. The ultimate slut standing next to knife, Mindy. The girl I despised to no end. She had taken every guy away from me because of her looks. I eventually gave up the fight and let her have them. He has hit a new low just by talking to her. They didn't see me because I closed the door. I went back to the bar and had a shot. After my third shot my anger was gone and I just sat there waiting for one of them to come out but no one did so I left the bar.
By now charlie and savannah should've arrived but I wouldn't know since I've been in the back of the room just standing in the corner watching people dance. I was actually a little jealous because I didn't have anyone to dance with. Well of course someone answered my prayers since someone was close to me and asked me to dance.
"Sure, why not" I smiled and took his hand while leading him to the floor.
It was a fast paced song and everyone was dancing crazily. I was facing him and we had some space in between us. "So what's your name, cutie?" He asked and smiled as we dance to the music.
"Chrissy." He spun me around and I laughed.
"Well that's a pretty name for a very pretty girl." He smiled and took my hand. I turned around and he pulled me back against his chest.
"Well aren't you sweet." I laughed "Thanks" I rested my head back against him and he obviously didn't seem to mind. With that he grabbed my waist and held me close to him. I didn't fight it after all I used to do this a lot. I started grinding on him and soon after he did something that shocked me. He started to teasingly kiss my neck and wasn't planning on stopping and you know what I wasn't stopping him either. Im single so why should I care right now. I turned around and did something i usually wouldn't do. I stepped closer to him and threw my hands around his neck and whispered in his ear "if you wanted to just kiss me you should've done just that." I smirked.