
"See I was just going to say or you could help me piss off the boys with these boys." She smiled mischievously. "But oh well you already apologized. Plus these two weren't keen on the idea." Im confused now. I thought they didn't know about any of us. "Oh and yea after I told them about you I told them about the others since you were late. And let me guess Ben questioned you this time?" I nodded. "Of course, that boy has issues today."
"Yeah he really does. And woah woah woah! We can still piss them off. Screw what they don't like we control the house and im sure you can control them if you wanted to so use those amazing skills of yours and let's do this!" I shouted cheerfully. Payback time. Don't act like a jerk if you dont want to get pissed off even more.
"Yes!" She turned to the boys that are still nameless to me. "See guys now Id listen to her because she'll hurt you whether she knows you or not." They rolled their eyes and I couldn't help but prove her right when they did that. I walked over to them and punched them very hard in their arms because who would want to damage their pretty little heads. Mumbled curse words were said and I just laughed with Crystal. "Warned you guys. Now cheer up because she was only proving my point and didn't mean it."
"Sorry nameless boys."
"Savannah this is Ryan" She pointed to the tall one. "And this is drew." The shorter and cuter one. "Guys this is savannah."
We all laughed and talked and the three of us embarrassed Crystal with old memories. She didn't really care though because even she was laughing along with us and shared some of her own embarrassing memories that none of us knew. So I did the same. Then the two boys said some of theirs. This is really fun and im glad I actually got to meet them. They're so nice and you could see how much they care about Crystal. I knew I wouldn't have to break their bones because they'd never hurt her. We ended up walking around the park a few times just sharing memories.
We didn't know what to do after about the tenth time around so we sat down. I sat with Ryan on the bench while Drew sat on the grass up against a lamp post and Crystal laid down with her head on his lap. I smiled at the sight. She's so happy around them.
"You know you could lay your head on my lap if you want to." Ryan whispered to me but loud enough for the others to hear.
"Id rather not." I winked at him. Drew and Crystal started laughing as Ryan's face fell and mumbled 'bitch' under his breath which caused me to laugh.
"Why don't we get out of here? We can all go to dinner and a movie maybe? Or whatever you guys want." Drew said.
"Sure but I want to go home and change first. And you two have no say in my outfit, understood?" They nodded. "That means no comments either!" She shouted and started to walk away as we all followed.
When we got to the house we stopped out front on the sidewalk and just stood there staring at the house. The boys looked nervous but Crystal looked eager. Ben must've really pissed her off because she wouldn't ever do this in front of max. Maybe max had made her mad also. Well whatever happened the boys are going to suffer the consequences. We all stayed silent.
"So what's the plan?" Im just as eager to do this. I turned to face Crystal with a smile. She smiled evily. Well it's good to see you in person, Cruella de Vil.