
Savannah came back laughing then saw me and becomes serious. She smiled innocently and apologetically. "So I may have sort of left charlie sleeping in the car." She looked down. My eyes became wide and I looked at her with a small amount of anger.
"Go wake him up you dingle berry!" I yelled. "You're so lucky the idiots didn't see him!" I shouted even louder.
She backed out of the room before I could get up and a few minutes later she came back with a half asleep charlie rubbing his eyes. She had one job, one job. Watch over charlie for awhile. It's not that hard to keep track of a grown ass man, even though he is our age. I stood up and ran to charlie with a smile, for some reason I was so happy to see him. I pulled him to my bed and made him lay down, poor thing is exhausted. Wait, why does he have a bruise on his jaw?! And a busted lip?! Someone better explain this.
"Savannah Marie Collins!" I shouted in a whisper because charlie fell back asleep. I turned around and glared at her. I walked towards her and pulled her into the hallway while closing the door quietly then pulled her downstairs into the living room so I could shout a little louder. "What happened to him while you were out?! Why does he have a busted lip and a bruised jaw? And don't you dare say you don't know, we both know that's not true. Explain. Now." I said demanding answers. She stared at me dumbfounded. I raised my eyebrows and she snapped out of it then started talking.
"He got into a fight. Someone came up to me and started talking crap about you, which was very rude if I might say, and charlie didn't exactly like it. I went to go slap the guy but before I could register what he said after I raised my hand, charlie punched him in the face but the guy dodged it and punched him twice, giving him a busted lip and a bruised jaw. Charlie punched the guy and I stepped in and slapped them both at the same time making them focus on me. I glared at them both and the guy walked away terrified of me, charlie just kind of let it go as I dragged him to the car. He's been asleep ever since." She said quickly and my mouth was formed in an 'o' shape. I was shocked.
"Thank you. For helping charlie and for slapping them." I smiled.
I pulled out my phone and wrote a message. 'You tell knife one thing tonight and I'll hurt you. You know what I'm capable of, don't test me. I have ways of knowing if you did or didn't. See you soon😘' and sent it to each of them.
I looked back to savannah "So if he isn't up in half an hour wake him up. Give him some clothes from Ty, they have the same style, and tell him to get ready. Im going to visit the boys and im taking them to the club. Meet us there in about an hour. It'll take half an hour just for me to see Ty and Parker, and then some to get to the club and see Ben. Plus I have to talk to knife because god forbid I go to the club and he finds out I didn't see him." I grabbed my leather jacket and keys off the hook and headed to the garage door. Savannah pulled me to a halt and turned me around.
"Why would I bring charlie there then? Knife will get pissed if he finds out about you two. Hell, the guy never shuts up about you, wondering when you're coming back. I didn't tell you after I found out you guys had dated because I figured maybe you're not over him and you'd go back to him while forgetting about charlie. Im sorry about that." Not that shocking. He'd always beg me to stay before I had actually moved away.
"Screw him, ok. I don't care if that's why he has the boys looking for me and I don't care if he wants me back, I don't care anymore. He screwed 'us' up when he kissed you. Plus I would never just drop charlie, he's changed me. And there's nothing between charlie and me but I'll be sure to make that clear to knife just in case he does get pissed. You will bring charlie there and everything will be fine. We will all be fine. Charlie will be fine. Now go get ready. You're driving your car tonight since you basically traumatized charlie of motorcycles. I'll see you later. Be careful Anna."