
They were all sitting on the couch with the light on waiting for me. I sat on the table in front of them. "So before I talk to you one by one separately there is something I want to say to you."
"Alright go on." Max said leaning back. Ben and Ty nodded
"I'm sorry for tonight, yesterday, and every other day I've made you worry about and mad at me. I'm sorry for being such a brat lately. I'm sorry for keeping you all in the dark. Im sorry I treated you guys so horribly. I'm sorry I tried pissing you off tonight and then yelling at you. I'm sorry for being mad at you because you're mad at me. I'm just sorry for everything."
Tears were falling because I felt so bad. They all looked at each other and then hugged me all at once. When they pulled back max wiped the tears and pulled me onto the couch next to him and Ben while Ty took my spot on the table.
"It's ok. We understand but just because we understand doesn't mean we wouldn't be mad. You're important to all of us." Ty stated.
"But we did blow you off a lot and we're sorry for that as well. We should've listened to you. Thinking back at it you tried to have so many little meetings and we blew you off." Ben added.
"And we will listen to you this time. Call one more tomorrow. Tell us what you've been trying to tell us the right way. Not having them pose as dates and pissing us off. Please?" I nodded. "Just do us all a favor, please come to us, any of us, if you need someone." I nodded again.
"I'm so sorry. I love you guys." I smiled. "You guys can go upstairs. I'm going to sleep down here with spike." The nodded and got up to go upstairs.
"Spike, did I ever tell you that you're my favorite?" I started talking to the dog. "Come here boy, come on." I called him up on the couch and started petting him when he laid down on my lap. "Goodnight, boy."
I was hugging spike when I woke up. He was always a good cuddle buddy at night. The best dog ever. I hadn't really focused on anything except him. When I woke up I started petting him but when I looked around I saw a dark figure standing in the room watching me. He walked closer and closer making me panic since it was still dark and I couldn't see who it was. He stepped into the light and I let out a deep breath.
"Do you think we could talk? I could use someone. You were right." He said and sat down next to me. "I really really need someone and you're the only one I want to talk about this with." I nodded and he just started crying. I wrapped him up in my arms and just sat there holding him while he broke down in my arms.