
I shrugged. "I'm just as lost as you, I don't know. I guess we do whatever we want. They only want a chance and one of us knows them so it can't be all bad." I said.
"Right, but what if something happens tonight?" She asked nervously. " I ju-" I cut her off.
"We. Are going to be. Fine. I promise. All they want to do is impress us. They're not going to hurt us." I said trying to reassure her. "Are you impressed so far?"
"A little bit I guess, guys have never done this to me before and they went through all of this trouble just for us." She said feeling somewhat better with a half smile.
"Good, just enjoy tonight. It'll work out perfectly ok, maybe better." I said smiling. "They're only making us feel special right now. We're obviously in for a real surprise tonight that will probably impress us." I said as we arrived. There was a sign that said "Park Here." She pulled up to it and put the car in park. I stepped out and grabbed the last note on the sign. I walked to her door as she rolled the window down and I read the note.
"So you're finally here! You've completed it all except for the very very last step but that's ok because we haven't completed our last step either. The last step requires your help and you need our help. Please grab the stuff and put it by the "Park Here" sign. Then walk on the path behind the sign. Continue until you get to the very end. We will arrive after you with the stuff you left by the sign. See you soon! J and T"
We did exactly what we were told. I got the stuff from the back seat while Savannah waited on me by the sign. I set the stuff down carefully and we started down the path.
"I hope they get here soon.." Savannah said.
"We're not even at the end yet." I chuckled.
"I know but this is all actually kind of exciting." She smiled.
"Coming from the girl that didn't even want to go on this little adventure." I smiled "I'm glad you're finally relaxing about this."
"I know. It's been fu-" she stopped and pointed ahead. I looked to where she was pointing.
"Wow, this is, that's just, wow." I was speechless. Savannah just stood there nodding.
We were amazed by such a beautiful sight. We were surrounded by trees that formed a circle around a square table set for four. There were lights wrapped around the trees so perfectly, some lights were even draped on the branches. There was a bunch of flower petals scattered all around the table. The setting was beyond beautiful, but where were the two guys who had set all of this up just for my best friend and I?