
****12 years ago****
Danny's POV
I am hiding with my twins; Drew and Drake and my younger siblings Tyler and Tatianna who are 4. Me and my brothers are 13 years old and we are hiding from the men who came and shot the evil lady who took us. I heard footsteps coming so I signaled for Drew to stay with the twins while Drake and I set up the paintball machine guns we made out if a lot of paintball guns.
"Get in position!" I whispered yelled as I heard multiple footsteps approaching the door. The door was busted open me and Drake open fire.
As the scary men tried entering the room. By the time we ran out if paintballs all the men were down and in pain except for three men.
"Who are you? What do you want with us?" Drake fired questions at these unknown men.
" I'm Jason and I've came to get you due to a promise I made with your mother, my sister." The man in front of the others replied. Drake and I looked at each other trying to remember him when it clicked in my mind.
"One Sec!" I screamed as I hurried towards the closet opening it and moving around Drew and the twins while telling him to go sit on the bed with them. I picked up the box at the bottom shelf opening it to find the picture on top. I came out showing them the picture and said
"You're the man in the picture! She always talked about you and another guy in the picture saying that you guys were her older brothers and that she missed you." I stated remembering my mom's words before she was killed 8 months ago.
"But why did you come so late to find us, we've been stuck with that crazy lady for 8 months and she has tried to hurt us so many times! Where were you when we were screaming for her to leave us alone?!?! Huh?!?! Huh!!??" Screamed Drew as Tatianna covered her ears making her whimper and start crying, while Tyler stared at him with wide eyes.
"Jeez Drew look what you did! you made the Tatianna cry and you know how she don't like yelling." Drake scolded Drew as he went to comfort his younger sibling.
"Can I try?" Asked one of the other guys as he approached the crying toddler.
"Umm ok just don't scare Tati she'll freak in you." Drake said worriedly as Jason and another man approached his younger siblings.
Chris went up to Tati as she moved back quickly, aware of the stranger in front of her.
"Hey Tatianna, My name is Chris and I'm not gonna hurt you. I promise." Tatianna looked with tears running down her face at Drew, Derek, and I for approval. I gave ger a slight nod letting her know that the man was safe. She then let Chris pick her up and cradle her. Tati looked at Chirs.as he held her and notice his tattoos.
She squealed in excitment, "Danny he has drawings on his arms like mommy!!" Everbody smiled in relief as she was mesmerized by Chris' tattoos.
"Did it hurt when you got them?" She asked as she traced a rose with petals falling from it in his bicep.
"Only for a little bit but I got used to it." Chris told her as she listen to every word he said. This however is only the beginning of finding our family and how we found out who we were and why we are wanted.