
By now I had ran halfway across the field, squealing with laughter as I tried to 'catch the lightning' with my stick. But whenever I did get near a lightning bolt, I got startled and ran in the opposite direction like a frightened deer. Now that I think of it, it was also a wonder that I didn't get burned by the giant streaks of light. But I didn't even attempt to run back towards the house. I was never the brightest of children. My little game had taken me into the midst of the forest, and now I was hopelessly lost. The trees seemed to loom over me as the wind irritated their branches, and I wasn't sure of whether the trees were trying to protect me from the rain or whether they were trying to hurt me as their lowest branches whipped against my face. My hands and ears were numb and cold and my game of 'catch the lightning' had turned into a game of 'just run, just run'.
Bang. Right next to me. I crouched down on the muddy earth floor, burying my head in my hands, my cheeks soaked with tears and rain. I was crying so hard now that my breathing became uneven and sharp, making my chest jolt with every gasp. But the bang wasn't lightning. It wasn't a branch falling, wasn't a rock breaking against another. There was no flash, but a giant wad of mud was flinged onto my clothes. The bang was something landing. Something that had came from the sky, but wasn't thunder or rain. I scrambled with my numb hands towards it, fumbling over it, sensing a sharp edge and smooth glass with the tips of my freezing fingers.
A stone. A blue stone. A stone from the sky. I picked it up and tried to make out its shape as best I could with my sight blurry from the tears and the mud. It was about the size of a doorknob, and was in a rough oval shape, though it wasn't neatly cut like a diamond in a ring. It shone brilliantly, and there was something about it that made it feel raw and pure and magic. There was no doubt in my mind that angels had sent me this stone from the sky.
I wiped the mud off of it and put it into my pocket, which didn't help much because my pockets were wet and muddy. But my hands were even worse, so my pocket would have to do. Standing up, I regained control over my breathing and my sight wasn't fuzzed over with tears. My clothes were a mess, but I didn't really care. What bothered me was the fact that the sky was now blue again, the dark clouds crawling away as though the sun had had enough of the darkness and was slowly pushing them back, back to wherever they came from. The trees were no longer dancing evilly, standing tall and straight and wise and peaceful, as trees in my mind should be. The light bounced off of the bright, green grass, the house clearly visible away way off in the distance through the dark trunks.
"AIKO! AIKO! AIKOYUU! AIKOYUU!" Everyone but Kazuki was shouting for me, wandering aimlessly around the field and the parameters of the forest. My feet pounded across the grass, and I bound my arms around father with a giant sigh of relief.
"Oh, daddy! Daddy! You won't believe what I got!"
"No, Aiko, you're not getting out of this! What were you thinking!? Running off like that..?" He looked near tears again, but father was a strong man and never did cry. Instead, he wrapped his warm, log-like arms around me, and for a moment it was just us. Just us and the sun and the bright grass and the house. And I thought in the back of my mind that the blue sky was like mummy's eyes, mummy's eyes watching over us and joining in the hug in her own special way, mummy's eyes making the dark clouds go away.
I know now that mother is dead. Dead dead. And technically she wasn't alive to begin with. But let's not get ahead of ourselves.