
"Daddy, what happened to mummy?"
To start my story, we go to the house I grew up in. A large converted barn in the middle of a field, surrounded by forests and grass. It's the year 3045, fifteen years ago from now, and I'm nine years old. I am sitting on father's knee, and for the first time, I ask about how mother died.
His face went dark and he tensed up. At the time I thought he was just thinking, but now I know he was making up an excuse because the truth was too sharp for my child's ears. He'd always been like that for as long as I can remember. But even though he was slightly awkward and distant, I loved him all the same because he loved me.
"Your mummy was ran over by a car."
"Oh no!" Although my concern and sorrow was genuine, my face and voice made it sound exaggerated, as though I was in the pantomime. "Daddy, what was mummy like?"
"Oh you don't remember!? Well, of course, you were only two the last time you saw her. That would be... Seven years ago..." I could see his eyes almost watering, but back then I always thought father was a strong man because even when he looked like he was going to cry, he never did.
"Anyway, your mummy was very beautiful. She had very pale skin and long locks of dark raven hair. Nothing like yours or mine, our coloured cheeks and blonde heads. But you've got her eyes, Aikoyuu. Her lovely, deep blue eyes. And I think..." He gave me a soft poke in the chest. "... I think you've got her heart too." He smiled and rubbed my cheek with his thumb. He looked into my eyes grinned. "Anyway, off you go, join your siblings outside. We don't want to be wasting such a lovely sunny day as this."
He patted my back and I laughed as he lifted me off of his knee. Running off with a carefree smile, I picked up the large stick I always carried with me and stepped into the warm sunlight beaming down from the clear blue sky.
I was the oldest of my siblings. I loved being the oldest. The biggest. The smartest, although Haruto kept challenging this claim. Haruto was my eldest brother, two years younger than me, with father's blonde hair and brown eyes, but he was pale, like mother.
Mari noticed me and grinned.
"You be careful with that stick. Last time you nearly knocked Tameki out cold!"
Tameki opened her mouth, her little girly voice so loud that it was nearly filling the entire forest our house was surrounded by.
"But she didn't because Aikoyuu has a bad aim!" Tameki and Taneka laughed in unison, their little pathetic squeals making me scowl. The twins, Taneka and Tameki, were half a year younger than Haruto. They came when father married Mari, three years after mother died. They both had auburn locks, freckles and green eyes, which they had gotten from Mari's last husband, whose name I have never heard since the topic of Mari's last husband was a forbidden topic in our house.
Haruto gently kicked Tameki's bum.
"Do shut up."
I admired Haruto sticking up for me, like always, but I tutted at his idiocy. Just as father was away to scold him, it got dark as a gigantic cloud cloaked the sun. Fog seemed to rise up out of the ground, like a zombie from a grave, and I could barely see my house despite only being a ten second walk away from it. The grey seemed sudden, threatening, and I waved my stick up at the sky, excited by its new wildness.
It greeted me back with a clash and a flash.
"Everyone inside!" Mari quickly stood up and tried to shepherd us indoors, although she had a bother with the twins because they kept trying to outrun Mari, thinking it funny to try and make a game out of it. Kazuki just got startled and started crying, he was the easiest to take indoors. Kazuki was the youngest of us. He had Mari's brown hair and father's dark eyes. He was a toddler back then, he had just turned one about a month ago at the time. Haruto and father ran inside by themselves.