
++Regine's POV.++
As I walking to the brand new school I was going too. I didn't know anyone there because I just moved from Oregon to California. When I reached the school most the kids were actually really friendly. So I wasn't as nervous as I thought. When I reached the office to get my locker number and my schedule. After that I was looking for my locker and then I fell to the floor.
++Henry's POV++
I was hanging out with my friends as we were walking down the hall my friends and they had to go. So I was going down the hall alone. (All by myself!). I ran into someone. I didn't know who it was probably the new kid who the teacher said was coming today.
"Oh my gosh I am so so sorry!" I said
"No, it's fine it's my fault I was looking for my locker." She said.
Her eyes her beautiful, her smile was flawless, and she was perfect, I guess I got a crush!
"Do you need help? I can help you!" I said happily.
"Um. Okay!" She said.
"So whats your name?, I'm Henry, Henry Hart." I said.
"I'm Regine, I came here from Oregon." Regine said.
We were looking for her locker and when we found it, it was right next to mine.
"Thanks again Henry, so where's your locker?" Regine said saying it shyly.
"Oh.. it's right next to yours." I said in a cheery way
She smiled and I smiled.
++Regine's POV++
After I fell I met a boy named Henry. He was so cute, he helped me find my locker. After we found it he said his locker was right next to mine. As we compared our schedules and we have the same schedules accept I have advanced orchestra and he had art. I was happy, I made a new friend and a new crush. As we went to the class all we did was talk about the school. He said everything was nice here and that we could eat outside. It was to early to go to class so we sat out and talked.
"Hey Regine I know I just came her but can I get to know you more?" Henry said.
He looked at me, his eyes were so dreamy his smile was perfect I couldn't help but stare.
"So..." he said waiting..
"OH! Sorry yeah sorry sure! Okay. My favorite color is blue, I have a younger brother,  I've been playing the violin for 7 years, I'm Filipino, And I'm the hugest fan of the Captain Man and his sidekick. Don't tell anyone but I have the hugest crush on Captain Man's sidekick. He's just adorable." As I finished I smiled.
He smiled and the bell rang so we went to the classes and at lunch I sat with Henry and his friends and they were like SO nice.
After school ended I walked home. I was really happy and I couldn't stop thinking of Henry.
++Henry's POV++
After school ended Regine was in my mind I couldn't help it she was the one. And I found out that Regine has a crush on Captain Man's sidekick which was me booyaaaaa.
A/NHey guys! This is my new story! I hope you like it! Yay! BTW I really like Jace Norman so don't judge .