
I chose to pass time at the school’s Library. I walked towards the farthest part of the library as the area allows you to focus and concentrate. I saw a guy already sitting on my favorite spot. I can’t really see his face because it’s being covered by the book he is reading. Hmmm. Someone got to this spot already.
I sat to a chair diagonal to him. I lay my head at the table (facing the guy) since I don’t have anything to read anyway. I can’t help but notice the title of the book he is reading. It says, “How to Deal with Everyday Stresses”. So, he’s here because he’s stressed? Wow. I guess this spot is really for the stressed.
Ten-minutes passed and I heard this guy laughing. I got interested about it and decided to finally open up a topic to break the silence. “Hey! I’m really interested on the book you are reading.” Can you let me read that please?
The guy heard me and stopped reading. He placed his book on the table which let me see his face. To my surprise, it was Ice. What the fuck?
“Oh hi Chase! I never thought you’d be here.”
“…” I can’t believe this. Of all people, why Ice?
“Are you stalking me or something?” He asked while smiling slyly.
“O-of course not!” I started stuttering. I’m not even sure why.
“Ah I see. Why are you here then?”
“I-I c-came here to re-relax! To think that I’d see you here…”
“Must be destiny working, right?”
“Are you kidding me?” Damn, this dude knows how to annoy people.
“So…”
“So, what?” I can’t help but anticipate whatever topic he is going to open. It must be about what he said yesterday. It should be!
“So, about what happened yesterday.” Told you, I’m right.
“W-what about y-yesterday?” Why the fuck am I stuttering? I mean, I’ve done no wrong.
“Have you thought about it? I mean, what did you feel when I told you I love you?”
“…” He really did tell me that yesterday!
“I guess you got shocked. You left me immediately without saying a word.”
“I-it’s not l-like that.” What? Are you seriously saying what you’re saying, Chase? Can’t you just tell him you do not swing that way?
“What do you mean?” His eyes glimmered as if they were filled with hope.
“I- I mean. Yeah, I got shocked. Heck, I can’t even sleep thinking about it.” Chase, you’re messing things up! Just tell him you’re not gay!
“So, you thought about it all day? What did you feel then?”
“I-I’m c-confused. I don’t wanna’ hurt you or anything but I don’t… you know? I’m not gay.” Yes! There you go! Good job Chase!
His eyes lost the hope it contained earlier. Maybe I was too blunt or something. I normally settle things the hard way (through fighting and cussing) but it did not happen this time. Have I gone soft because of what has been happening?