
CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET

“Don’t worry. I’ll make you love me, I promise that. I’m not gonna’ sit here and wait for nothing.”
“W-what?!”
“Yeah. I’m serious.” He’s damn freaking serious. He walked up to where I was sitting. He managed to get his hand on my chin and positioned it so that I’m facing him. I can feel my face getting red. Am I blushing?
“W-w-what a-are y-y-you doing?” I can’t stop him. I can’t move; it’s as if he got me under his spell. Why are you letting him do this to you? Chase, wake up!
“Heh. Why are you all red?” He said as he leans closer to me. What the fuck is this guy doing? I closed my eyes in response to his advance. It’s probably the only thing I can do now. My mind stopped functioning for a bit until I heard a clicking sound from a distance.
*Click*
Ice stopped what he was doing. I opened my eyes to see him looking afar. I followed his gaze and was surprised on what I saw. The Newspaper Club Photographer, Art, was there standing with his camera directed at us. He stood there frozen. Two things: he must’ve been shocked on what he witnessed or he must’ve been surprised how audible the sound of his camera was.
I don’t really know what to say. I mean, he might misunderstand something. More importantly, he took a picture of us almost kissing! What the fuck do I do now?
“…”
“Art! I didn’t know you were here? You need me for something?” Ice moved towards the frozen photographer.
“Uhm… Y-yes. Actually, Pearl sent me here to ask you something.”
“Oh I see. What question is that then?”
“Sh-she asked when our funds will be updated. I mean, we need it for the journal printing. It’s due next week.”
“I already told her that we’ll be having a meeting about it this coming Friday.”
“Ah…” I can’t help but think that Art is making things up about the ‘funds’ thingy. Anyway, this is getting really awkward. I can’t help but wonder when Ice will start questioning about the picture.
“Do you have anything else you wanna’ share with me, Art?”
“U-uhm… Nothing more. I’m gonna’ get going now, okay?”
“Wait, wait. I still have a question for you...” Art flinched at Ice’s reply - it’s as if he was expecting this to come along.
“…”
“Have you, by any chance, seen anything weird today?” What are you doing Ice? Don’t beat around the bush. Just ask him about the ‘thing’ already!
“N-nothing much…”
“Hmm. Then, have you, not that I’m assuming or anything, taken any pictures around here?”
“N-no… N-not that I remember.”
“Oh, that’s weird. I certainly heard a click somewhere.” He let out a sigh of relief. “If you say so, then you can go now.” What the fuck, Ice? Are you letting him off that easily?
“O-okay… Thanks?” Art bid his respects and escaped certain death.
“Are you freaking out of your mind Ice?” I was taken aback by what he did. Did he plan everything with Art? Was everything set-up? If not, then why did he allow Art to go without making sure nothing happened?