
Lilly's pov
Hi I'm Lilly rose stickle! And Im 19. I'm 5'9 not very tall but thats ok, I guess.I have chocolate brown hair and dark brown eyes. And I live in foxboro, Massachusetts. ~next morning~It was a regular morning in foxboro, Mass.And 1D is playing in Gillette stadium and I'm really excited!As you can tell I love one direction like every other teenage girl in the world ! Especially liam. Because I have a dirty secret that no one knows about . Ok,ok I'm going to tell you I'm Liam's twin! I know u can believe it! And you probably hate me. But I tell you it's real! But liam doesn't know it so shhhh! So your wondering how I know here's the story:~flashback~I walked down the stairs to get a glass of water when I saw a paper with my name on it so, being the curious person I am I went to investigate the paper. so I walked over and picked it up and saw that it definitely my but, there was another paper? It had a boys name and his name was Liam Payne I was about to look more when my dad came in "what are you doing you little brat!" He yelled at me like he always does."I-I-I was......" "save I'm going to teach you a lesson you want forget" he said as he walked closer I know what he is going to do and I know that if I protest it will be worse.~end of flashback~ So,I'm off to the concert with my back stage pass. ~after the concert~So I'm backstage waiting for the boys to come through the certain. I can't wait to see my twin brother ! OMG! THERE HERE!I'm so excited !"hi" they said in unison witch I think is adorable "hi" I said shyly. "oh no love its ok" Louis said and hugged me and I froze he let go with a sad face "what's wrong was it me?"he asked "no no I wasn't you its just.." "just... what" he asked again."You look familiar " says Liam pushing Louis out of the way. "She looks like you Liam!" exclaims Louis. "yeah" says the rest of the boys . "Where are u from ?"Liam asks. "Right here in foxboro"I say."cool I was born in Wolverhampton, but you probably knew that already sorry" said Liam."it's ok" I said giggling "what time?" Liam asks."1pm " I say with a big smirk."thats the same time I was born! tell me what year /date/month ?" says Liam excitedly "august 29,1993" I say . "OMG! THATS THE SAME MONTH, YEAR AND DATE I WAS BORN!!" Liam gets really excited now. "Freaky" says the boys, and then there's Harry just standing there with a wide open mouth. I decided to tell Liam my dirty secret..............."um liam.."