
I ship Whouffle like crazy (duh), it's the beginning of my Wattpad journey, and I don't have anything else to write. BAM!!! Whouffle fanfic! [This takes place after the episode: 'Journey to the Centre of the TARDIS'
~*~.~*~.~*~.~*~.~*~.~*~.~*~.~*~
~THE DOCTORS P.O.V~
"So, Doctor, where to?" Clara's eyes glittered with mischief and adventure.
"You just got lost in the TARDIS, and now you want to run off elsewhere?" I wrung my hands and glanced around the control room. Clara was always getting into danger.
For a second, her eyes seemed to flash with another emotion. I couldn't tell what it was, and ignored it; seeing as it had come and gone so quickly.
"I, as a matter of fact, do, and I suspect you do as well," I smile crept on her face, "Unless the big bad TimeLord is frightened," she elbowed me and smirked.
"I, as a matter of fact," I sniffed and straitened my tweed jacket, mocking her playfully "am not." I proceeded to flip levers and push buttons and turn knobs, Clara smiling in triumph the entire time, until I finally flipped the last lever. The TARDIS rumbled and screeched as it took off.
"Where to? No, don't tell me, I want to be surprised!" Clara raised her voice over the engines. She gripped onto the rail as the the machine shook, eyes glittering and face turned up in a smile, looking truly happy.
I didn't like it.
Now, don't get me wrong, I wanted Clara to be happy. But, she would grow older and eventually... I couldn't bear to even think if it. What would happen to lovable, lively, sassy Clara when it was time to go home for good? And I knew it was selfish, but what would happen to me? How would I leave her? I had contemplated this, and did with all of my companions; how could I leave them, if they didn't leave of their own accord or they... (nope, still cant think it), when the time came?
My thought vanished altogether as the TARDIS suddenly halted. I jumped up simultaneously with Clara but let her get to the door first.
She pulled the door open and half way stepped out before stopping and backing up. "Doctor?" Clara turned to face me, a look of confusion and hurt spread over her face.
I froze for a moment and then ran to the door.
"What is- Oh," The TARDIS had landed in an ally in Clara's home neighborhood.
"Are you trying to tell me something?" She folded their arms and stared me in the eye.
I look back into her big brown eyes. Where those tears? "No. No, absolutely not. It must have been a mistake."
"Doctor," A hint of warning entered her voice, her brow creasing. The voice changed to her 'Lie to me and your dead' tone.
"Look, Clara, I would never just drop you at home and take off." In that moment I knew it was true. I grabbed her hand in my own larger one and kissed her fingers.
"Promise?" The worry slowly ebbed out of her voice, much to my relief.
"Promise. Now, let's go." I watched her sigh and her expression calm, then pulled her back into the TARDIS. I began to start up the engines, but the machine only groaned and huffed. I scanned things with my sonic and fiddled with random wires for quite a while. Soon though, I became frustrated.
"Sexy, cooperate old girl." My voice was slightly raised and I slammed my hand on the console. Running one hand through my quiff, I let out an exasperated sigh.
"Why do you call her that?" Clara prodded.