
It was a nice summer night in Mumbai with the wind from the sea cooling the people off. It was a busy happy festive night.
Laughter and music could be heard from a far with a mixture of chatter, wedding celebrations taking place.
No one quite noticed the little girl wandering off to the sea,walking as fast as her plump five year old legs could carry her, but three boys playing near by noticed her.
"Look at that stupid little girl going all alone to the sea."
One boy said with a unhappy look on his face and the other two gave him a look.
"You're just calling her stupid because she has the guts to walk alone to the sea!"
"Oh yea, are you taking a girls side now?!"
"Guys."
A third voice poped in but the other two ignored him
"Yea I'm taking the stupid girls side,"
"Oh really!"
"Guys..."
"Yes really. She has guts!!"
"Oh i have guts too you know.."
"Guys!"
"Oh yeah where is it?!"
"Inside my stomack..."
"Lame excuse Arun..."
"GUYS!!!"
Both boys looked at the other boy, with a poisonous look.
"NOT NOW MOHAN!!"
"But..."
"BUT WHAT?!"
"LOOK!"
the other boy mannaged to squeek as he pointed in the little girls direction.
They looked, forgetting about their fight, their hands still in the air.
"Oh no..."
"You got that right."
Two boys much bigger than them were bullying the little girl, pulling her beautiful braided hair and teasing her because she cried.
"We should do something!"
"DO SOMETHING?! Are you insane Hrithik?! Look at the size of those guys."
The one boy looked over his shoulder, feeling better about himself.
"And you said i didn't have guts!"
The other boy laughed and looked back at the girl.
"We should really do something."
"Again with the we?! I remind you look at them and look at us."
"Don't be such a baby Mohan."
"I'm not a baby! I'm using my brain here. They are much bigger than us."
"Wawww you have a brain??? No wonder you wear einstein glasses."
Arun teased and Hrithik laughed but Mohans cheaks flushed red.
"We should call an adult."
"We can handle this!"
Both hrithik and Arun said and Mohan gave them a look.
"How?"
Both boys looked at eachother with a smile.
Then they each grabbed a leg and an arm of Mohan, storming with him down to the bigger boys with loud screams.
The loudest screams came from Mohan as he saw his life flash before his eyes as they neared the other boys.
Out of shock, the bigger boys also screamed and ran away leaving the girl behind, crying.
Mohan got dropped like a bag of potatoes and Hrithik and Arun walked over to the girl. Not really sure