
///Third Person PoV///
In the saferoom, the countries were having their own discussions and pursuing their own agendas.
"What's wrong, China?" the Japanese man asked.
Placing both hands on Japan's shoulders, China looked at him straight in the eye with a serious expression on his face. "...If you lose your life again, I'll never, ever forgive you!" he said, his voice a bit strained.
Japan's eyes widened at his friend's statement. "I see. In that past, I..."
"Yes, I will bear that in mind." Japan reassured him with a smile.
In a distance, Russia was seen to tap a certain Northern Italian's shoulder. "...Listen, didn't you find anything like a piece of paper in the annex?"
"In the annexe? I did! I found lots of them when I was running away." Italy told him.
Raising his eyebrows, Russia spoke, "Really? Where are they?"
"On the table over there." Italy said, pointing at the long wooden table a few feet from them. The Russian nodded and excused himself, heading towards the table.
It was then that Italy took a look around the room. He saw that everyone was busy with their own thing, like talking, fixing weapons, burning food in the kitchen, taking a rest on the beds, the usual.
But one person in particular was sitting alone in the far end of the room. He was there at the top left corner, holding his polar bear and seeming to look extremely down about something. Italy decided to walk over and check up on him.
"Ciao, Canada... Did something happen?" Italy asked softly, sitting on another chair beside the Canadian.
It took Canada a few moments before noticing that there was a person beside him. "E-Eh? Uhm, sorry, what did you say, Italy?"
"Oh, it's alright. I was wondering why you're looking so down..." he replied, tilting his head.
Frowning, Canada looked down. "Ah, well... I wasn't able to tell the others but...I was actually able to call (Name), earlier."
"What? You were?! Is she fine? What did she say?" Italy asked, a surprised look on his face.
Not meeting the Italian's gaze, Canada spoke, "...She seems well, I guess...but..."
"Hmm? But...?" Italy urged him to continue.
With eyes that looked like it was starting to water, Canada faced Italy and replied, "...but she...doesn't remember me. I don't know how or why... but she spoke to me as if I was a total stranger!"
"...She doesn't...remember—AH!" Italy gasped and stood up suddenly.
Canada furrowed his brows and looked confused at the Italian's reaction. "What's wrong?" he asked.
"Ve... I'm sorry! I completely forgot to tell you guys..." Italy apologised, scratching the back of his head.
"To tell us what, exactly?"
Taking in a deep breath, Italy sat back down and spoke, "Canada... I happened to bump into (Name) earlier while we were on our way to the annexe... I tried talking to her into coming with me back here to the saferoom, but she didn't recognise me at all, either!"