
—Chapter XVI: Darkness (Part 2)—
///Third Person PoV; Earlier, in the backyard of the mansion///
"...Haa...I guess this is far enough." said a young woman with long, light blonde hair and blue eyes, wearing a dress of a similar colour and a white bow atop of her head.
Just then, another seemingly older and more well-endowed woman with short, light blonde hair, came running after her. "Belaruuus! Waaaait!" she cried.
"Ugh, sister raid...What are you doing here, Ukraine?" Belarus sighed, rolling her eyes.
Before Ukraine could answer, two more girls approached them. One had long brown hair and deep green eyes, while the other had short blonde hair and bluish-green eyes.
"Ahah, good thing I followed you. I'm here to give you a hand!" Hungary smiled, proudly holding up a frying pan.
Liechtenstein stepped closer to the Belarussian girl. "Y-Yes... Belarus, you are so very fast...too fast for me..." she said, panting slightly.
"I don't really need your help. I'm just looking for my brother. My sister aside, this is none of your business." Belarus told them, looking away.
Shaking her head, Liechtenstein spoke, "But... it would be easier to find him than if you were alone. Besides, now it's too late for us to go back."
"We can't just sit on our hands while everyone else is doing all they can. It just wouldn't be right, and besides, we'd start losing our touch." Hungary chuckled a bit.
Ukraine's gaze landed upon the parcel in her younger sister's hands. "Huh? Belarus, that parcel is torn."
"What?! Oh... true. M-Maybe this is a marriage omen!" Belarus exclaimed in horror.
Hungary looked up in thought. "You're going to drop what's inside. If only there was something to fix it with..."
"In that case, you can use my ribbon. This is my spare one, so you can throw it away when you don't need it anymore." Liechtenstein suggested. She walked up to Belarus and fixed the parcel, wrapping it with her spare ribbon.
Once finished, she stepped away and checked her work. "There, all done. Now even if you have to run a little, it won't drop out of the parcel." she smiled.
Belarus couldn't think of anything to say. She wasn't used to interacting with the other countries like this. Thinking of a way to respond, she noticed a gun slung behind Liechtenstein's shoulder. "...You have a gun?" she asked softly.
"What? Oh...My brother lent me this when I told him I was coming to help you. As a parting gift, he said." Liechtenstein replied warmly, a different aura starting to form around her that seemed familiar to Belarus.
"I see... it's a nice gun." she nodded.
"Yes! That's why I won't use it unless I'm really in danger. Because it's my brother's precious gun that I borrowed." Liechtenstein stated with a determined look, though her cheeks heated up as she remembered her beloved brother, Switzerland.
Belarus noticed this, making her lips curl slightly. She knew that it's a nice feeling, thinking of her own brother. Starting to feel a little concern for the girl, she tilted her head and spoke, "Can you really wander around without your brother? I thought Austria told you to stay in the tent."