
"Yeah. Um, I've been wondering... Germany, what was that thing that you gave to Italy?" America asked the blonde German.
"You mean right before he got me into that cell? It's a piece of metal that I found in the cave. Incidentally, Italy dropped it when he was beaten up and now I have it with me again." Germany answered, taking out the metal piece from his pocket and showing it to the rest.
As they mentioned the metal piece, I couldn't help but cringe. That's the one. That's the one that Luciano's making me get for him. How am I supposed to take it? ...Maybe I should make them believe that it's just some piece of junk? That could work---
"Judging by the way he acted, it must be something necessary to escape. Even though it looks like an ordinary metal piece..." Canada suggested.
Shoot. I shrugged and spoke, "Hmm...maybe it is just an ordinary metal piece?"
"Or maybe it's some sort of key?" Spain thought out loud.
France tilted his head and pointed at the metal piece.  "Key? But keys aren't usually shaped like this."
Spain nodded. "Yeah, that's the point! In other words, the keyhole is also hidden." he explained.
"But there was no keyhole where that metal piece could fit, so I think--" I tried to reason to them.
"--We must have missed it." China cut me off.
China...you...dangit! Always cutting me off, ugh!
While I was still sulking about being cut off by China, the Chinese man turned to England and continued, "Weren't there any places that made you feel uneasy?"
"Yes... and no... I mean, there were so many places that made me uneasy that I've forgotten about some of them." England told them.
"In that case, we'll have to search the mansion once again." Prussia concluded.
Japan nodded. "Understood. Let's split up into two groups; one to stand by, and the other to search around."
"I'm fine with either one, but... Italy must be hungry, so... maybe I should cook something for him?" England suggested with a smile.
We all jumped at the horrible thought.
"England!!! Let's search together!!! By all means!!!" Japan exclaimed, grabbing the Brit's arm.
He gave a confused look, "What? But the food--"
"I'll stay! France, you can stay, too!!" China frantically said, walking over to France's side.
France flipped his hair nervously. "Oh!! Of course!!! So, the kitchen is full now!You can search around with the others!"
"I'll stay, too. I'm not feeling very well..." Prussia told them, looking down and clutching his chest.
"Does anyone else have a preference? Then, Russia, Canada, Japan, and England will do the search with me. The others will stand by."
I stepped forward and spoke, "Wait...I want to go search with you guys, too."
"Huh? Are you sure about that, love?" England asked.
I nodded. "Yeah..."
"All right. Let's do a thorough investigation." Canada told us while we were moving out of the saferoom.
I gripped the straps of my backpack tightly and gave a heavy sigh. Will I be able to do this? Will I really be able to betray these guys who were worried sick about me?