
"...What your heart tells you to say, fille." France smiled at me reassuringly.
I smiled back at him and looked at the rest of the countries around me. Their eyes softened as I met their gazes. They nodded, motioning me to speak. At that, I have made up my mind. It was time to tell them all that I have to and want to say.
"......First......I'm sorry... I'm sorry I lied. I'm sorry I didn't tell you guys about Second Players...I'm sorry...I really am..." I told them, feeling really guilty about what I've done.
Japan cupped his chin and spoke, "At first, I admit that I was really angered  when I found out that you were somehow working for them...but when I realised that you didn't do it without a reason...I slowly understood. From what we've gathered from the scenes that occurred before us...you were made to act against us...because you...thought they held your parents captive?"
"...Yeah...I thought they had my parents hostage. I didn't want to play along with their game when I first met them here, but then...well...they tricked me into it by using my parents... I was a complete idiot." I grit my teeth, feeling the anger boil up inside me again.
China shook his head. "You weren't an idiot, aru. Anyone would have acted that way if it was their family, too. We understand. I mean, we can't blame you for wanting to save your loved ones, your parents."
"Thanks... That's just it. They knew that anyone with a heart would act that way...that's probably why the Second Players did it...so that they could take advantage." I told them, frowning.
Spain stood up from his seat and turned to me, facing me. "Chica, these 'Second Players'...are you referring to....'the other us'?" he asked.
"...Yes. In the world where I'm from, you guys...are called the 'First Players' or '1Ps'...the so-called, 'originals'. The 'other yous'...are referred to as 'Second Players' or '2Ps'...your alternately coloured mirror images, with personalities with a deep contrast from yours." I explained.
Germany nodded in understanding. "I see... These Second Players, then...they're... They were really the ones responsible for leading us to this mansion?"
"From...From what I've heard...yes. They didn't state how...but they did admit that it was according to their plan that you guys be brought to this mansion..." I recalled.
Italy's eyes started to open wide. "V-Ve...they did....then...then..." he rambled, walking over to me, as if wanting me to give him the answer.
"It wasn't really your fault, Italy." I told him, giving his arm a light squeeze. Tears formed in his eyes as he placed an arm to cover his face. He felt a bit shaken by the revelation, seeking refuge beside his older brother.
Romano gave a look of disbelief. "That means...those bastardos were just fcking playing with us and made my fratello believe it was all his damn fault??!!!"
".....I guess they did... Well, they...they said...it was for revenge. They said it was because you guys banished them." I said, rubbing my elbow nervously.
England looked away and spoke in disgust, "They deserved to be banished. All they know is how to kill and cause chaos. Of course we had to have them away. "
My eyes widened at England's statement. Well, if the 2Ps have hatred towards the 1Ps...the feeling's mutual. But...why do I sense something different?