
"This...." I managed to say, my eyes widening.
This caused the others to look at me as I stood up, holding something in front of me.
It was the metal piece.
Italy saw me and spoke, "B-Bella! Give that back--we need that!"
"No. We need that. Ragazza, come over here now. You don't need to stay  here any longer." Luciano told me, motioning me to go to the side of the hall where he and the other Second Players were standing.
I took a step back. "B-But...what do you mean by that? You can't just let me out of this place without them!" I said, pointing at the First Players, who just stood in silence.
"Oh yes we can, ragazza. Now, come on. Give that to us and you are home free." Luciano said, giving me a weird expression. I can't put what it was...
England raised an eyebrow and clicked his tongue. "Is that the so-called 'agreement' you guys had? Work for them to get yourself out of this place?"
I shook my head, tears forming in my eyes. "No! It's not that at all! It's becau--"
"Aiyah. You slow girl. Stop acting like a little btch and give that to us already." Zao said, crossing his arms.
I clenched the metal piece in my hand and look back and forth between the two sides. I stopped and looked at the 2Ps. "I... I can't.... If I do....you'll hurt them! Please.... I don't want you to hurt them! Can't we just settle this without this madness?!"
At that point, looks of surprise and confusion swept across the First Players' faces.
"Ragazza. That's impossible...so let's just get you out of here and you can get over it." Luciano said in a lower voice, his tone was even somehow...pleading.
I blinked the tears away and spoke, "But I....I can't---"
"--You're clearly forgetting about something very important." we heard a voice from the end of the hall.
We all turned to where the voice came from. It was from Kuro.
He was standing with an evil smirk, holding a sword facing down to.....something....
......It was the large sack.
I took a step back, my heart pounded painfully. "N-No....I fo-forgot.... No.... Not.... My.... my parents......"
"Parents?!" Japan exclaimed, seeming to have realised what I meant earlier.
Tears sprang in my eyes all too quickly. "Don't....Don't you even dare! Don't hurt my parents!! ....Please...."
"Hahaha! You're so simple, little girl." Kuro mocked and walked to his comrade, "Lutz, take the metal piece."
Before I could even react, the German Second Player yanked my arm, causing me to  let go of the metal object and into his calloused hands. "H-Hey! You--You can't!! But.... No! That..." my head was spinning by the events happening too fast. Suddenly,  Lutz grabbed my hand and pulled me towards their side. "W-Wait, I--"
"Let go of her!!" America shouted as he got in between Lutz and I, causing him to lose grip on my hand. As we got separated, America threw a hard punch at Lutz. Lutz retaliated by punching back, making the American step backwards and bumped into me. "Sorry, dudette." he told me.
"No....I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything..." I said, shaking.