
I decided that it was my turn to speak up, so I raised my hand. "U-Uh, well... not all of us."
Germany looked at me. "That's right. _____, you said something about what happened last night...
They all turned to me to listen.
I grew kinda nervous, but continued. "Well, it's kind of hard to explain...but I woke up last night. I heard Prussia shouting and so I decided to see what's going on...but the problem was... I wasn't able to move."
"What do you mean by that?" England asked.
"I don't know why, but I was paralysed. I wasn't able to get up from the bed, nor could I even talk. I could hear, though. I heard Prussia saying "No! I won't die yet!" and he stormed out of the room." I told them.
"He...He attacked the Thing on his own..?" Germany asked a glint of fear in his eyes.
I shook my head. "I'm still unsure of that...but after he went outside, I regained feeling back to my body and so I went to open the door. At first, it wouldn't open...but when I was able to... Prussia was nowhere to be found... and then... I don't know how it was possible...but I met England and China, who were outside and were standing in the hallway."
England and China nodded.
"I see... so that's why I heard her saying Prussia's name..." England said.
China snapped his fingers. "Oh...then she went back inside the room and tried to call for Japan, Germany and Italy..."
I nodded. "....But they weren't there anymore. I was so confused... so I decided to join China and England."
Germany then looked confused. "Wait...it doesn't make sense...and at the same time...it does make sense... Huh..."
"So..that's the reason why... Prussia and ______ were gone when we woke up...." Japan said.
I nodded. "Yeah..."
"You know, there were bloodstains in the hallway, so I followed the trail, but... eventually..." Japan told us.
"The trail ended..." Russia concluded.
"We tried looking for them, but we didn't want to lose anybody else, so Germany and I stood by. And then, Japan found you guys, right?" Italy asked.
Japan nodded. "Yes. And that's what happened to us. But...I thought for sure that America and France would be here, too?"
"Yeah, the six of us came here on America's suggestion and split up into two groups.
America, Russia and Canada looked around the first floor, while China, France and I went to check out the second floor. While France went inside a room somewhere, _____ here suddenly appeared." England explained.
"______ then went back to this room and we followed, but then she suddenly fainted." China said.
Canada looked at me with concerned eyes. "Wh-What? Are you okay now?"
"It's been happening recently...but I'm fine now, don't worry." I replied.
England then spoke, "So China and I brought _____ to this room and looked after her until she regained consciousness. When she woke up, she explained why she was here and then told us she was looking for Prussia. We didn't want to leave the lady alone, so of course we brought her along with us."