
HetaOni (Hetalia x Reader x 2P! Hetalia)
---CHAPTER VIII: Two More Seconds (Part 2)---
"Well. Everyone has rested, so can we begin our conference now?" Germany inquired, seeing to it that everyone was present at the table.
"Sure. I'm full and I don't feel tired any more, so be my guest~" Russia answered.
China gave Italy a pat on the back. "Italy's food is really good. He's been working so hard; I'm impressed."
Italy scratched the back of his head at the compliment. "Hehe! Thanks."
"Well? Who's going to speak first?" France asked.
Germany tried to think. "Well..."
Canada spoke up in a louder voice than usual and turned to his brother. "America, this all started with a single word from you, but you have nothing to do with the Thing, do you?
Is it safe to assume that it's just a coincidence that it looks like Tony? That's all I want you to confirm."
"Hm? You think they look alike? I don't think so, though... Anyway, I definitely have nothing to do with it." America told him.
"Yeah? Then, if we are to believe you, we're in even bigger trouble." Prussia crossed his arms.
America furrowed his brows and asked, "......You don't blame me?"
"Hmm?" Japan tilted his head.
"It's pretty much my fault that you got dragged into this. If I hadn't bugged you about it, none of this would have happened." America told them with a tinge of guilt building up as he spoke,
"......I thought you'd blame me more. I'm rather disappointed. But it's okay for you to get mad at me now."
"America..." Japan managed to say.
"Haaah... Is that really what you think?" China asked in disbelief.
England raised a fist towards America. "You really have hamburgers for brains. Stop spouting nonsense."
America's blue eyes widened behind his glasses.
Canada gave a sigh and turned to him. "Well, sure, this may have started with a word from you... but we're the ones who went along with it, eh?"
France agreed. "Yes, yes. We could have chosen not to come, but we chose to come with you."
"You're the one who laid out the rails, but we're the ones who chose to walk on it. It's not your fault." Russia assured him.
The usually loud American quieted down for a moment and gave a warm, thankful look...while looking at a certain Italian at the corner of his eye. "I see. Thank you. If you say so, I..."
Italy was just silent.
"That's why we need to work together. By joining forces like never before, we'll make it through." Germany told them.
".....Hey!" Italy blurted with a serious expression that got their attention.
Germany faced him. "What?"
The Italian man suddenly became nervous, but spoke, "Um, well.
Can you listen to me? There is... something I want to tell you."
"S-sure, go ahead..." Japan motioned him to speak.
"Then, can you all come with me to the basement? If we're not there, I can't talk." Italy told them.