
"Aw, it's fine, he can just get angry later. Anyway, this path splits here." Hungary reassured them, whilst looking at their surroundings.
Ukraine then clapped her hands. "Yeah... Why don't we split up into two groups? Belarus you can come with me~"
"Well, then let's meet here again in ten minutes. We haven't fought the enemy yet, so the more of us there are, the better." the Hungarian girl told them.
Nodding, Belarus tightened her grip on the parcel. "...All right." she said as she watched Hungary and Liechtenstein walk down the southward path.
"Are you worried about them?" Ukraine asked, turning to face Belarus.
Shaking her head, Belarus looked away once more. " ...No."
"Aww, you've made such nice new friends. I'm really, really happy for you~" Ukraine said cheerfully, slightly pinching her younger sister's cheek.
Belarus stepped away from her and placed her hands on her hips. "The-they're not my friends! The only one I want is my brother!" she declared.
"Really? Well, then, we should be going." Ukraine told her, pouting a little. Belarus simply stayed silent.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Meanwhile, Austria and South Korea were in the backyard by the river.
"We're back to where we started..." South Korea sighed, taking a look at their surroundings.
Austria squinted his eyes and cupped his chin. "Well, this is quite odd. I thought we were on the right track, but..."
"Haa...I shouldn't have trusted you. I can't believe we just went around in circles and got back to where we started." South Korea told him, crossing his arms.
Brushing off the Korean's statement, Austria turned around and spoke, "It can't be helped. Well, then, why don't we go this way this time?"
"We just came from that way..." South Korea groaned, facepalming at the thought.
Just then, Switzerland arrived, walking across a bridge to meet up with the two seemingly lost countries. "Huh, what are you doing? I thought you'd already left?" the Swiss asked them with a confused look on his face.
South Korea practically jumped in relief. "Oh! Here's someone a little more reliable!"
"Excuse me! Are you implying that I have no sense of direction?!" Austria gasped.
Turning around and placing one hand by his hip and the other hand raised and pointed to himself, South Korea simply looked at the Austria for a moment. "I'm not implying it.., I'm saying it outright." he sassed.
"It's dangerous to let him lead the way. You would do well to remember that." Switzerland advised him.
Ignoring what the Swiss said, Austria raised an eyebrow. "Incidentally... are you by yourself? Where is Liechtenstein?"
"She ran off to help Russia's little sister find him. Since she was so adamant about going, I lent her my gun and sent her off." he replied.
Nodding, Austria looked like he remembered something and spoke, "I see. ...Did Hungary behave herself?"
"Of course not. She had already run off a long time ago." Switzerland informed him.