
You'll probably agree with me, but... we're quite tired. Not from fighting the enemy, but running away all the time."
Germany clicked his tongue. "Maybe escaping really is impossible...
And now... we're probably going to get eaten one by one. That's what I would do, if I were the Thing!"
Japan's ears shot up as he heard Germany's words. "(That's right..This must be what ____-chan is trying to refer to...Germany said that and Prussia got mad at him... and then what?)"
"That's enough, West!! We only lost one way out! There are still many other ways!" Prussia snapped at his brother.
Japan tried thinking harder. "(What is it? What am I forgetting? Remember, remember!! If I don't--)"
"... Prussia.
I'm sorry. And thank you... for what you did earlier. This time, I intend to make it up to you for saving me. I'm sorry I was a burden." Germany said in a low voice.
"(Regret again?)" Japan wondered.
Italy took a step backward and looked at his friend. "Germany. But, Germany, it's okay--"
"No.
If I can't protect my allies when I have the chance, then my training was pointless. At the very least, I shouldn't be such a burden to you." Germany cut him off. He then looked at Italy straight in the eye and continued speaking,
"I'm sorry to you, too. You've been fighting well, without running away. I really appreciate it."
"What?
... Oh, um. Thanks..." Italy said shyly.
The Italian smiled sadly. "But you know, I think we can definitely get out now. You see, this is the first time that--"
"... What's wrong, Italy?" France asked, noticing Italy's change of tone.
"... Please, if you get out,  just keep running." Italy told them in a very serious voice.
Upon hearing that line, the girl's eyes shot open. She tried standing up with all her might, being assisted by Canada, who decided to let the girl lean on him for support.
"No matter what, don't look back, don't forget about me, don't blame me, don't cry, and time--" the Italian man trembled violently.
Canada noticed this and pointed out, "Er... you're shaking..."
Japan clutched his head. "(Time...)
(After that line...)"
_____ suddenly let go of Canada's arm and called after Japan loudly.
"J-JAPAN!! ...ITALY'S GONNA GET---"
Before she was even able to finish warning her friends, a large monster started appear before them, entering from the door behind Italy.
"Italy!!" Japan yelled in horror.
The rest of the guys in the room started to shake in both shock and terror.
"Italy!!" they shouted at the Italian man, pleading him to get away.
Tears started to flow from Italy's eyes as he spoke with a sad smile
"...It was scary, but... but...
...It was fun."