
---CHAPTER X: BLOOD (Part 3)---
((Third Person PoV!))
Meanwhile, in the saferoom...
"How is he?" China asked his companions as they gathered by the tables in their saferoom.
Japan turned to China and answered, "He's in the bath right now. Romano is looking after him..."
"Um... Maybe he has... amnesia?" Canada suggested, shifting a bit nervously.
England shook his head, "No, it looked like something a little different."
"It is similar to what I was like when we had just broken a clock." Japan concluded.
Prussia edged closer to them and asked, "Hm? What do you mean?"
"When we break a clock, he gets a lot of strange memories and they get all mixed up." France explained.
Japan gave an approving nod. "That's right. Italy also got so many memories that they pushed him to the limit, both physically and mentally.
He got saturated with them. If any more memories pour in, he will only reject them."
"Reject? Reject what?" China asked, tilting his head.
America spoke up, "The memories themselves. That's how it usually is. But Italy still tried somehow and...the line probably turned into dots."
Germany's forehead creased. "You mean his memories are all scattered about? So, if he tries thinking about them, they will return in time?"
"Yes. The proof of that is that he immediately... if tentatively...called my name." Japan stated slowly.
Spain raised an eyebrow. "Tentatively? What do you mean by that?"
Japan looked away and shifted nervously. "Well... er..."
"Sorry to keep you waiting." Romano apologised as he stepped out of bathroom with his younger brother.
America shook his head. "Uh, no, that was pretty quick. Are you feeling a little better now, Italy?"
Italy was a bit dazed for a while, but snapped out of it and answered. "......Yes, sir. I am sorry about all that. My head feels a lot better and I am fine now."
Prussia gave a confused look upon hearing the Northern Italian. "..'Sir'? Er, Italy? You do know who I am...don't you?"
Italy turned to the albino and nodded. "I do. He is Mr. Japan. You are Mr. Prussia. And he is..." Italy paused as his eyes met with Germany.
The blonde German tilted his head.
"Hol--" Italy blurted out, but seeming caught himself somehow and stopped.
Germany couldn't help but raise an eyebrow. "Hm?"
Italy suddenly scratched his head and spoke nervously. "Oh, er... Mr... Germany."
Japan stepped closer to his ally, "Italy, I'm sorry if this is a bit out of context right now, but we need to ask you...where did you lock up (Name)-chan before you fought the monster?"
Italy gave a puzzled look. "H-Huh? I apologise, Mr. Japan...but I am pretty sure that I have not been with the girl. I remember her being with us with the mansion...but it seems that I have not seen her after we went to the basement."
"You mean...after locking us up...you went straight upstairs and never bumped into the her? Then...." England trailed off.