
Germany nodded. "Good idea, Prussia!! Now, let's search for a room that looks as safe as possible. And let's not split up, of course."
Italy smiled and gave a salute. "Roger, Captain!!"
All joined the party.
I started to recall what we were supposed to do next. Then, I spotted the curtain in the room and remembered that there would be a Wooden Box there.
"Guys, I found a wooden box here." I told them.
"Oh. Let's keep it, we might need it later." Italy said.
A small menu appeared before me and stated that the item was added to the inventory.
When we went out of the room, Italy pointed to the other room on the floor and told us to "check it out". I knew what he was up to, so I played along as well.
The guys inspected the room and I walked "aimlessly" towards the lever.
"Hey, Japan. This lever from before...it seems to be fixed now." I told him.
Japan then went over to the lever and inspected it and said, "Oh. You're right, _____-chan. To where should we pull it? We already know what down would do.."
"Ha. Well...I don't think we'd want to go to 'Heaven' yet." I joked.
"The Earth, then..?" Japan said and pulled the lever to the middle. "Ah! The lever
broke."
A key then falls from above and apparently lands on Prussia's head. "Ow. My awesome head got hit by something!" He exclaimed. He then saw the key and picked it up.
"Oh~ A key. We should look for the room it'll open." Italy said.
A small menu appeared.
Obtained: Second Floor Key
We head downstairs to the second floor and open the lower door on the upper right corridor.
Used: Second Floor Key.
"There is something under the table." Germany says.
Obtained: Match Box.
We were about to leave when I remembered something.
"Hey, Japan... I saw a note downstairs earlier. It said something about repairs and stuff...but I remember it said something about a first aid kit here somewhere...." I said as I was opening up the drawers in the room.
"Ah! Here it is!" I said as I opened the second drawer. I then gave the kit to Germany and he applied some bandages on his hand, Prussia got an awesome band-aid, Japan applied some medicine for a little cut and Italy, well he just helped out and said "Ve~"
As usual, a menu popped up before me.
The whole party recovered.
We then go to the upper room on the lower right corridor.
When we were all in, Germany turned to us and asked, "Should I lock the door?"
"LOCK IT FIRMLY." I told him in a stern voice.
Prussia then sat on one of the chairs. I sat across him. "We can't get too careless, but I think we're safe here, for now.We have the key, and the door is firmly locked from inside." The albino said.