
---Chapter XIV: Goodbye (Part 4)---
///Reader's PoV///



"...I'm not from this world."
Shoot. Welp. I've dug my own grave. Time to jump in.
Curious looks were all that they gave me. I don't know if they believe what I just said and use it as a reason to kill me...or not believe what I just said and use it as a reason to kill me. Either way, they are so going to kill me.
Oliver crossed his arms. "Mind explaining to us what you mean, poppet?"
"I...uhm...well..." I fumbled for words.
Andres and Gilen also walked over to us. Now all of them are practically surrounding me. "Just spit it out, already." Andres told me blankly.
"...I don't know if you guys will believe me...but I've come from a world where you guys are just pure fiction." I admitted.
Gilen slumped on a chair. "Don't you just mean that you've grownup not knowing about our existences because we were basically rid of it? Because, in a way, it makes sense...and it makes me depressed that you confirm that."
"N-No! That's not it... I've come from a world where personified countries don't exist. Neither do their alternatively coloured counterparts..." I paused and looked at their expressions. "......that were created because of...wars..."
Their eyes widened, finding it incredelous that I know such information. "L-Look, I'm sorry I didn't tell you guys before that I knew about you guys...it's just that I was a bit scared that you guys could kill me--"
"--yeah, we could." Allen cut in. "....but we're intrigued by you at the moment, so we'll let you off the hook...for now. Alright, continue."
A bit worried about what he said, I continued, "...I...I already know your story. I even know your personalities. But most of all...I know you guys have your reasons.
Why you guys are in this mansion. What you guys are planning on and why you guys want that plan to work.
I know you guys want revenge, but I also know that that kind of revenge isn't right.
I know that you guys are aware of this, and I know you guys don't care if it's right or wrong...
...but believe me when I tell you guys that there are still other ways to solve this.
If you guys would look at things in a different angle, you'll realise something.
You'll see things that you've never seen there before.
...then, you'll realise what you guys really want.
And you'll know, that this isn't what it's all about."
After I ended my little speech, silence fell upon the room. No one spoke. They just sat there. I'm not sure if it was in awe, or building rage. Just silence. It scared me. If they didn't react, how will I know if my point got through or not?
But what scared me more was when I heard someone clap at the other end of the room.
It was Luciano, leaning by the door. He must have entered without us noticing. Judging by his expression, it seems that he heard my whole speech.
"Bravo, ragazza. That was incredible. Very noble of you to give a nice lecture to people like us. It's too bad that you won't be able to change our minds, especially when we have already succeeded in killing that weak original that turns back time. It's too late for the rest of them, now." Luciano told me, smirking.