
When we reached the 4th floor, the Thing was there.
Japan was shocked as he saw the monster.
"AAAACK!Japan!The THING! It's the THING!!" Italy shouted.
Prussia suddenly turned to us and gave a stern look. "Tsk... You came too soon! Japan, take Italy and _______ with you and run!!"
Germany turned to us as well and suddenly looked relieved as he saw his friend. "Italy! You're all right!"
"G-Germany~ Ve...Your face looks weird..." Italy said out of context.
"Me and West will take care of this!!Just go, quickly!" Prussia instructed.
Japan did not move.
Prussia saw this and frantically shouted, "Japan!!!"
Japan drew his sword and spoke, "My, my...I must be losing my hearing in my old age. I can't hear you at all."
"Wha...!?Huh?! Hey, Italy!! ______!!" Prussia shouted once more, wanting all three of us to get away.
"Oh, um... I suddenly got deaf, too!" Italy said.
"Uhm..I may not be able to attack it...but I still have these." I said, holding up the food from my bag.
"Italy?! ______?!!" Prussia said, exasperated.
Italy suddenly took a step forward. "Now that you mention it~ We've been in peace for a while now, so I'd completely forgotten about it~"
"It is my honourable duty to fight along with you. Let's go. " Japan said.
Italy nodded. "Y-Yeah!!"
The two went beside Prussia and Germany and they all began to fight. I standing a few paces behind them. I waved my hand in front of me and monitored them using the menu screen that appears before me. If I see someone's HP getting dangerously low or their MP not being enough to put damage on the monster, I'd give them an onigiri or beer, just as how it should be in the game. After a long battle, the monster suddenly disappears.
"It's gone..." Japan said, panting.
"Ve~ It really IS a ghost..." Italy remarked.
Germany than ran over to his friend. "Italy!!"
"Are you hurt?" Japan asked us.
Prussia looked at us in disbelief. "The hell?! You guys totally ignored what I said!"
"I thought the two of us alone could do something about it...Sorry. You really helped. Are you okay, too?" Germany asked.
"Yep. But I'm so relieved now!You two ran away really fast, so I'd been wondering what had happened to you." Italy replied.
"What about you, frau? Are you really okay? We were facing a giant monster and you didn't even look as shaken as West!" Prussia exclaimed.
"I'm fine, thanks...and u-uh..well.. I have seen it for a couple of times now.. And, uhm...you guys are here with me, anyway. " I told him.
"Kesesese! Brave girl! And you're right! The awesome me and the not-so-awesome-but-will-do them are here! " Prussia said, patting my shoulder.
Japan gave a sigh of relief then spoke, "I am really glad that everyone is all right. Now, what are we going to do from here?"
"Yeah. The Thing could show up here again, so we should move to a room that is as safe as possible. Besides, if the five of us stick together, it won't be so scary." Prussia said.