
The Spaniard snapped his fingers. "Ah! I see. So that's why there was a car outside."
"Hold on...there is also something we haven't discussed yet.....didn't you guys mention something about the girl not being from this world?" Russia pointed out.
"Hai. She has told us that she has come from a world where we are just purely fictional characters of an anime." Japan stated.
China covered his mouth with his incredibly long sleeve. "What? But..that's..how is that possible??"
"It might be a bit confusing and hard to accept at first...but we swear, the frau is telling the truth. She's actually a fan of ours! She knows a whole lot about us! And about this game, too!" Prussia told them.
Germany stepped closer to them. "But if...she did know all this...how come she never said anything. Why didn't she tell us?"
"U-Uhm...I don't know about you guys...but it's probably because if she told us that straight out...we might not have had believed her so easily." Canada pointed out with a soft voice.
France tucked a lock of his hair behind his ear and spoke, "Oui... That might be the case. Besides...doesn't that mean that...she's like, well, in a way...like Italy?"
Japan nodded. "That is true. She did explain that she was afraid of making any decisions that were out of place, since she didn't know how the consequences would damage us or anything. It's just like how I felt whenever we broke a clock. Getting information, but unsure of how to use it without putting anyone in danger."
"I see... You guys have mentioned this being a game of some sort...care to explain that?" Russia inquired.
Japan and Prussia looked at each other and shrugged. "Ja...about that, we haven't talked with (Name) about it in detail. But she did state that this is some kind of RPG game that she has played before..." Prussia answered.
Canada raised an eyebrow and spoke in a soft voice, "W-Wait....Does that mean she know's how this game ends--"
Suddenly, they heard loud knocks from their door.
"D-Dudes...don't tell me the monster found us!!" America started to panic.
Japan instinctively clutched his katana and slowly pulled it out of its sheath. "I didn't think it'd actually be smart enough to be able to find and open the iron door."
"Well then everyone, let us all be cautious." Germany warned. He continued, "Bruder, kindly open the door for us."
Prussia turned to him with wide eyes and spoke frantically, "Wh-What? Why do I have to do that?!"
"Don't worry, if it's the monster, we'll attack it before it could even touch you." England reassured.
The red-eyed albino gulped and stepped slowly towards the door. It was still being knocked on. Prussia reached out for the knob and opened the door slowly, peeking outside.
"AAHH!!" he shouted.
"P-Prussia! Is it the monster?! Why aren't you getting out of the way, aru??!" China called out to him loudly.
Japan walked over behind Prussia and looked over his shoulders. "Hold on...it's..."
"FRAU!!!! You're alright!! Mein gott! Thank goodness!" Prussia exclaimed as he pulled a (hair colour) girl inside the safe room and closed the door.