
China nodded in agreement. "Me, too. But once I calmed down, I realised that was nonsense! And then I forgot about it right away!"
"When we go through it again, it's a feeling similar to waking up from a dream.
When we wake up, we have trouble separating dream from reality, but as soon as we calm down, our good judgement comes back. The first thing to do is calm down." England explained.
Japan suddenly shifted nervously and spoke up slowly.
"Um...Didn't you... see any rooms other than the ones we've been in so far?"
Russia shook his head. "Nope. I've got many memories, but they've all been of rooms we've been in so far."
"Did something happen to make you worry?" Italy asked in a concerned tone.
"...No." Japan replied flatly.
"(When we break the clocks, we get false memories that make us confused and less capable of discernment.)
(There is no question about it. It's only because I'm confused...Yes, that has to be it.)" Japan thought to himself.
"Okay, are your watches all right? Then let's go to the basement." England said as he gestured towards the door.
Japan kept on pondering on what happened. "(It's like seeing many movies and being shown so many things that you end up not knowing what is real.)
(But if by any chance that room does exist, that means Italy will...)"
I picked up my bag, but Canada offered to carry it for me, so I watched Italy and Japan converse as the Canadian adjusted my bag to fit him.
"Japan?" Italy asked.
"Italy." He replied.
Italy tilted his head to the side. "Yeah? What's wrong?"
"Are you...
Are you hurt somewhere?"
The Italian tensed up after hearing his friend's question.
"......No, I'm not hurt at all."
Japan closed his eyes for a moment and sighed. "I see. I'm sorry for asking such a strange question."
After that, Italy went ahead and left the room.
"I know this isn't really important, but I just wish I could rest somewhere without having to worry..." China told us.
Canada agreed as he took a deep breath. "Indeed. I'm so fatigued,I just wish I could lie down for a bit."
Japan kept on thinking. "(We have to be careful...)
(We thought we were being deceived by those memories, but... maybe...)"

They could be....a message from someone?