
"H-Hey, I've succeeded! ...Wait--how...did you know all that?" Prussia exclaimed in a confused manner.
"Amazing... It's because we're from an anime that you like.. That's why you know our personalities." I marvelled at her and the information she gave.
_____ turned to face us.
"Yeah... There are times when I can't sleep at night and I read your character bios online... Sometimes I remember a whole lot of them, sometimes I forget... I don't  know how my memory works, really. There are just times when it bursts with all the info...but then there are also times when it's just...blank. It's really annoying how I can't remember stuff when I want to..."
Prussia, still a little dumbfounded, managed to speak up again. "Wow... Uh, how about Japan's info then?"
____ cupped her chin and thought for a while. "L-Let's see...uhm.. Japan...Birthday: February 11th. Height: 165 cm. A shy, quiet, and hard-working man. Japan does not know very much about the outside world and needs time to adjust to other people. He tends to have a behaviour of an 'old man'  and was a hikikomori for a long time."
My eyes widened as I heard her describe me perfectly, even if we haven't known each other for a long time. "Scarily...that is all true... But now the question is...how were you able to get to...this world?"
"About that...I still have no idea..." she shrugged.
"You...mentioned something about a game?" Prussia tilted his head.
____ nodded and spoke once more. "Yes... well... We're...in a game called HetaOni... It's hard to explain it, but well... The whole situation is the plot. Stuck in a mansion with a monster out to get us. And...well... I can actually monitor you guys as if I'm still playing the game."
"How can you do that?" I asked.
"If I wave my hand in front of me, a menu screen appears." she said, waving her hand in front of her.
I squinted, trying to see if there would be something to appear in front of her, but I saw nothing. "I'm sorry, but...I can't see anything."
"Yeah... It seems like I'm the only one who can see it. I usually use it to check our inventory--our stuff. And for battles. I can see who's health is getting dangerously low, or who needs to get energised again or whatever..." she explained.
Prussia snapped his fingers. "AH! Is that how you knew that we needed to eat the onigiris and drink the beer?!"
____ nodded.
"This is quite a discovery for us. It's actually unimaginable, but ever since we got here--everything seems to be possible at this point." I told her, feeling a bit more hopeful.
"Wait. So does that mean that you know what will happen next?" Prussia asked.
"W-Well, I have played this game before..." _____ said, twiddling her thumbs.
Prussia placed his hands on his hips. "Then how come you didn't tell us sooner?"
"I-I'm sorry...but I have my valid reasons. I was really scared about trying to change the story... I mean...what if I make a decision to warn about the Thing but then end up with something else gone wrong?" she told us, her voice almost cracking.
"I understand. That's the same feeling that I have when I go through those memories when we break clocks." I reassured her.