
Also...you...You're probably...going to keep going through many time loops now.
To do it all over again...desperately trying to get us to escape...over and over...
For some reason, I don't get back my past memories. That's why I'd like to keep my promise to you in my own way. It's quite a long story, but don't worry. I'll definitely keep my word, no matter what. The Italy who is with me now is no longer alone. It must be the scene you were dreaming of.
Everyone is with you.
It definitely wasn't just a dream...There will definitely come the day when you experience it first-hand.
Until then..."
Germany picked up a red rose that was beside him and placed it on top of Past Italy's chest.
"Until then, rest in peace, Italy..."
=*=*=*=*=*=*=
///Reader's PoV///
"2P!Italy...Veneziano." I said softly.
After my stupid slip-up, I was made to explain to them what I knew about them as "Second Players". I told them the information I had on them that I read on the internet, along with a little of the explanations that the 2Ps of the current time loop gave me. Right now, they asked me if I knew their names. I told them I did, and they asked me to enumerate them. The thing is, they don't know that I also knew their human names. I didn't feel like I needed to tell them, since I would be telling their future selves, anyway. I just finished enumerating their names, ending with Luciano.
The tanned skinned Northern Italian hummed a little before he spoke, "Interesting. So, we're actually called as 'Second Players'...and those original bastardos are 'First Players'... Seems appropriate enough, but thought still makes my blood boil."
"...Even so...you guys don't need to be affected by such labels." I said quietly.
Allen placed an arm over my shoulders and faced me, "Whaddya mean, dollface?"
"I mean...you guys are your own persons. You are defined by your own being and action, not by the people who think differently of you. 'Second Player' or not, you guys can be more than what you think." I rambled.
Again, silence.
No one was saying anything, again. They just stared at me like I'm some kind of strange being that they've never seen before. Or maybe it's because they're not used to seeing...to...seeing....
"We've got a problem!!!" Lutz suddenly bursted through the door, alerting the others.
They turned to face him. "What is it?" Luciano asked.
"...They're--they're going to rewind time, again..." Kuro answered, appearing behind Lutz.
Confusion was written all over their faces. Standing up from their seats, they began to gather their weapons and run through the door. "Oh no they don't! We are not going through the trouble of going through all that again!" Allen shouted, walking out the room. They all followed, some where frantic, some weren't. They just left.
They completely forgot about me, but hey, it's pretty convenient they did! I waited a bit until I knew that they were already too far away to hear me. I looked around the room. It was the same room where they stayed back in the current time loop. Since it's still the same, I can conclude that my bag is probably over in a corner like last time...