


The Canadian nodded at my explanation. He was about to walk over to the other side of the room when he turned around and spoke to me again. "......I also remember you saying,'I'm sorry' in your sleep... Why, is there something bothering you, (Name)?" he asked me in a worried tone.


My eyes widened at that. "N-No... I...I think I dreamt about uhm...eating cupcakes that weren't mine?" I told him, shrugging.


He seemed to not buy my reason, but his eyes softened. "Alright. Sorry for being too nosy. Just remember that I'm here if you need me." he told me, walking over to the tables on the other side of the room.


Just then, I saw Japan walking inside the room. It seems that Canada went ahead of them to get me here sooner. My gaze followed the slim Japanese man as he walked over to his Northern Italian friend.


"We're back, Italy..." Japan said in a low voice.


Italy turned around to face the person who spoke to him, "Oh, you're back. Hello, er... Japan!"


"Italy... Thank God

...You seem to be doing a little better. As does your memory." Japan smiled and gave a sigh of relief.


Italy scratched the back of his head and spoke, "Yeah. Sorry for all the trouble. I still don't remember everything, but...things are falling into place." he pointed at his older brother who was a few steps away from them and continued, "I talked a lot with my brother... so I've started to remember things little by little."


Remembering something, I made my way over to the two and excused Japan.



"Japan..." I started.


He looked at me and spoke, "Ah, (Name)-chan...are you feeling alright now?"


"Yes, thanks... I just remembered that now is the right time to talk to him about the letter." I told him, rubbing my elbow.


He nodded in agreement. "I see...but I need you to help me in doing that, alright?"


"M-Me? You don't need me... I wasn't originally part of this, remember? I just want to guide you guys to the extent of what I can do. I know you can do the rest." I said timidly.


Japan shook his head. "I understand that you were not originally part of this so-called, 'game'...but you are now, (Name)-chan. You have indeed been helping us quite a lot and we're thankful. We do need you." he said, giving a warm smile.