
---CHAPTER V: Three Paths (Part 1)---
~Reader's PoV~
My vision was starting to blur again. I lowered my head slowly and tried to take in a deep breath. After a while, I was back to normal.
What...What is happening to me?
Before I could think of possible answers, I heard Canada speak so I looked up and listened intently.
"...That's not Tony." Canada stated.
"When we were talking about going through the first floor, that Thing appeared, too.
But the moment I saw it, I realised it was that friend that America had introduced to us before." Russia said.
Japan looked slightly confused. "Y-yes. Are we mistaken? We concluded that it was America's friend and felt more at ease in our search..."
Canada shook his head. "I live close to America and I've met Tony several times. I suppose they do look alike. But even so... he would never attack America."
China's eyes widened. "Attack? What? It attacked him?!"
Canada nodded. "It was only one hit. America was thrown against the wall, but he was still conscious somehow and began shooting at it. It had no effect at all, though...
We thought it was America's friend at first, but when it suddenly attacked America and America seemed to fight back for real...We realised that we were probably wrong."
"So that's why we heard shooting!" England said.
"We had no idea what to do. He was getting cornered, and when we tried to do something about it, he yelled at us to get away." Russia told us.
Canada had a sullen expression on his face. "I think he... wanted to handle it on his own. But it was too strong even for the three of us, so we decided to get it away from him.
I couldn't fight it, though...I lowered my guard for one moment and was knocked out. When I came to, both that creature and America were... gone.
I-I'm sorry, Russia, for all the trouble I gave you..."
Russia shook his head and smiled. "No, you weren't a burden at all! It's pretty hard to fight while you protect someone~ But if you want to thank me, why don't you become one with Russia? Huhuh."
I noticed Italy quietly stood up and went by the fireplace.
".. Anyway, we wanted to help him, but we didn't know where he'd gone.
We decided we might as well start looking inthe kitchen, and then the Thing appeared again and China, England and _____  joined us. " Russia said.
He paused for a while and then continued.
"In other words, three people are missing. I think we should help them as soon as possible. America has nothing to do with it, so we can't feel safe.
Rather, we should expect the worst."
"Oh!" Italy exclaimed.
Germany went over to Italy. "What's wrong?"
Italy started to rummage through the fireplace. "There's something inside the burnt wooden box! Just a second. Um..."
"Be careful." Germany said.
"Uh-huh. Oops? Ow, hot!
It's a key. It's a key to some room!" Italy said.