
Sighing, Austria rubbed his temples. "I should have expected as much. Oh, well."
The three went silent for a while, when they suddenly hear a cellphone ring. Austria checked his phone and looked at the caller screen, "It's from Germany." he told them.
"Answer it, quickly, while we still have signal!" Switzerland said frantically.
Clicking the answer button, Austria placed the phone to the side of his face. "Yes?- Yes, everything is going smoothly here. I trust you are all right?"
"Not. Things aren't going smoothly at all..." South Korea murmurs softly, frowning.
Austria's eyes started to widen. "-What? Is he injured? Is he conscious?" he asked in a panicked tone. This caught South Korea's attention, making him worry.
Disturbing their conversation, a large alien-like creature suddenly appeared in front of them.
"What a timing...Good thing I have a spare gun." Switzerland said, preparing his gun.
South Korea felt on edge as he worried about whoever it was that got hurt. "Hey! Who got injured-"
Pressing the speaker closer to his ear, Austria spoke in a louder voice. "Sorry, we have company. I couldn't hear you, so can you please say that again? Hello? Sorry, can you repeat-" he struggled speaking, since the monster made a lot of garbled noises.
"...Can you shut up for a minute?" South Korea shouted angrily, attacking the creature with a special move and defeating it.
Switzerland took a step back and gave him a thumbs up. "Well done."
"Oh, are you done? Anyway, it was America who got injured and collapsed. And it seems there will be more and more wounded." Austria said, placing his phone back to his pocket.
Frowning, Switzerland clenched his fists. "I see."
"We have to find the clocks quickly." South Korea told them.
Looking into the distance, Austria nodded. "Indeed. There are still nine left. We must hurry." he said, starting to walk towards his left.
"We just told you that's the wrong way! God, why are you such an idiot?!" Switzerland exclaimed in an exasperated tone.
Denying what Switzerland said, the Austrian simply crossed his arms. "W-Well, excuse me! I want to go this way!"
"Either way is fine, let's just go..." South Korea said, feeling the tension between the two rising.
Austria and Switzerland looked at South Korea at the same time and exclaimed in unison. "It is not fine!"
"I hate being caught in the middle like this..." South Korea groaned, facepalming once more.
=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=
///Reader's PoV///
"I hate being caught in the middle like this." I thought to myself. Part of me wanted to question Luciano straight out about what was so important about the clocks, but another part of me thinks that it's something that I need to find out for myself, well, probably because he looks like he wouldn't tell me if I did ask.