
Italy raised an eyebrow. "Something...?!
"I don't know! But this rumble in the ground often happens when he did one of his ench-incantations! Also, it isn't something he can do just for the heck of it...What does he think he's trying to do?!" America frantically said.
Italy cupped his chin. "Something absurd..."
Suddenly the shakes once more and they could hear thunders and roars of lightning. There were even different lights the illuminated around them. After a few moments, everything began to calm quiet down again.
"H-huh? Compared to all that racket...that was nothing much." Italy said.
Germany nodded. "Mm. You're right. Maybe it was just an earthquake?"
They suddenly heard the a loud sound, like a door slamming open, causing them to jump in surprise.
"Was that sound from the front door?" America muttered.
America and (Name) walked over to peer downstairs.
Italy gave a puzzled look. "America, (Name)?"
"Huh. What?...Hey, guys, look! The front door!" America whispered.
Germany walked over to them and asked, "What happened?"
What they saw made their eyes go wide, as they realised that...the scene was just like the beginning of the second time loop again.

"Heeey! Is anyone here?!" Past Germany called out.
Past Japan shook his head. "They're not here. Maybe they went upstairs?"
"Sheesh, those old geezers are always going off on their own! They came here first and yet they're nowhere to be seen." Past America complained.
Germany creased his forehead.  "What on Earth is going on?!"
"No way...We've gone back in time..." Italy whispered in a distressed tone.
America tilted his head. "We're gone back in time even though Italy is gone? You mean someone else made time go back?!"
(Name) only stood by them quietly. She didn't want to intervene at the moment.
"...I'm going to die very soon..." Italy muttered.
Germany placed a hand on the Italian's shoulder. "Italy? What's the matter?"
Running his hands through his hair, Italy frowned. "I'm forgetting something...What was it? Something that someone told me-"
They heard footsteps getting nearer and nearer to them, signalling that the past nations were heading up the stairs.
"Oh! Looks like they're coming upstairs! Eesh, can't they read the mood?" America said, clicking his tongue.
Germany turned to Italy.  "I-I see. Why don't we hide on the third floor again, then? Italy, you have to hide first."
"--Okay." Italy nodded.
=*=*=*=*=*=*=
///Luciano's PoV///
That....that bastardo! They fucking turned back the time again! My plans, ruined again. Now we'll have to go through all that shit again!
After finding out that the 'First Player' counterpart of our magical idiot was also a magical idiot, we realised that the time had been rewinded and the 'First Players' we're all alive again.
With frustrated and angry expressions on our faces, we headed back to our base. I was about to pull out the key from my pocket, when I saw the door open.