
"So? Is it just (Name) who has to move?" Prussia asked.
Japan shook his head. "Oh, er, also...The twelfh month is Shiwasu. It's not written with the kanji 'tsuki' or 'zuki'..." he explained.
"Hm, then Italy has to move." England said.
Sighing, Italy spoke, "...All right. I'll step away."
///Canada's PoV <3///
I watched quietly as Italy moved away from the number. Something is quite not right about this. (Name) and Italy both know the solution to this room, so they'd know whether we're on the right track or not. And by the hesitant look on both their faces as they stepped away from the numbers, we are definitely not on track. (Name) even has that troubled look on her face that practically says that we are not making the right decision.
Wait a minute. Now there are thirteen people, so it was even more than enough people to fit. But before, there were only ten people...
There were also times when there were even fewer of us...
I don't like thinking about that, but it surely happened. So, when there were ten of us at most, we all had to stand on a number...
That's odd. If all ten of us were standing on the numbers, who pressed the switch?
Or maybe...
"Aaah!! stop!! W-wait a minute! Please, wait!" I spoke as loudly as I could.
Spain raised an eyebrow and asked,  "What, what's wrong?"
"It's the other way around! It's not that 3 and 12 are the numbers we don't step on; 3 and 12 are the numbers we have to step on! Because...um..." I fidgeted in my place, loosing my confidence.
Then, I saw (Name) giving me a big smile and discreetly, a thumbs up.
This is it...the right track!
"Oh, you're right. because there were only ten of us before, and if we all stepped on the numbers, there'd be no one to press the switch." Prussia said as he understood what I was trying to say.
Russia nodded. "True...Besides, even if all of us had been alive, it still wouldn't have been enough. If it's just 3 and 12, even if only three of us had survived, it'd be enough."
"Ugh...I don't want to forget about that, but, well, you're right. It's a sound argument.So, (Name) and Italy, back on your numbers. The others will step away...Japan, you press the switch, please." Germany said.
Japan nodded and spoke, "Yes."
Everyone but Italy and (Name) stepped off the numbers.  Japan made his way to the center of the room to press the switch. When he did, a bright light illuminated the room. As the light died down, we noticed that a door appeared next to a bloody handprint on the wall of the top left corner.
"Oh, a door appeared." Japan commented.
America raised a fist in the air. "Yosh! Let's go ahead!"
"Oh! Wait!" Italy called out to stop us. I turned around to see him with a worried expression on his face.
China also turned around and asked, "What is it?"
"I didn't tell you the answer for this room, but I can't be so carefree from now on. In the next room, there'll be a key hanging on the wall...That's the key to the front door. As soon as we get it, you have to run. A monster will come after us, so just run to the front door." Italy explained.