
These are? No doubt about it... It'--Japan's clothes.
Wh-why are they covered in blood like this...? There are... remains of several things in the fireplace. But I can't tell what got burnt." He states frantically.
"O-Oh...let's go back to England, then.." I tell him.
We met up with England who was by the staircase.
"Well? Did you find him?" He asks.
China didn't answer.
"You--you look frightfully pale! Wh-what have you got there?" England pointed to the cloth that China held.
"It's... It's Japan's clothes...Half of it got burnt, though..." He said, showing it to England.
England inspected the item. "This is... blood... right? Wait, did you say they're Japan's clothes? You mean they?"
I tried to say something, but China spoke before I could.
"This place is dangerous! But if Japan is here,it's a different matter! I'll look for him and then go home!"
"C-calm down, I say!Try thinking about this rationally! Why would Japan be here?
Listen, we only came here because we went along with America's idiotic story and had nothing better to do, right?" England asks.
"That's why this is so weird!" China says, exasperated.
"You said it yourself, didn't you? You sent that message to Japan.
When you talked to him about it at the meeting place, he said, 'I'll see what I can do,' which is what he says when he doesn't want to do something, so he didn't come. And when we got into the mansion, you sent him a message saying, 'We're here', and he replied, 'Be careful,' only once.
But he sent that from the meeting place!" England explained.
China pauses for a moment. "Oh..."
"Just think about it.He's in the meeting place right now! He couldn't possibly have got here before us." England continues.
I was supposed to say something again...but China cut me off....again.. Dangit, China!
"Th-then what is this?! These are the same clothes that Japan was wearing today! Why would the same clothes be burning in the fireplace?!" He asks loudly.
England tried to think of a sound reason "Well..."
"France is missing, too. America was shooting at something. This place is too weird! I'll go talk to the others about it. And also, we should really get you to somewhere more safe and less weird, _____." China says.
I am finally noticed, but all is not forgiven. I pout internally.
England nods. "All right. Anyway, let's go back. The chances that these belong to Japan? Well, we can't be sure of anything yet. Let's go."
China, England and I then rush downstairs. When we reached the first floor, I told them that "I think I heard something in the kitchen."
-------------
When we entered the kitchen, we saw the Thing battling against Russia and Canada.
England looked up and was shocked. "Aargh!! What the?! Uh? Huh?!"
China did so, as well. "Th...Wha...What the hell is that monster!?"
"Ah, you guys sure took your time, didn't you? As you can see, we're in the middle of an assault." Russia said.