
I faced him, "If...If you guys do happen to accomplish your goal here...what will you do after?"
Oliver froze. "After...? You mean, after I turn them into cupcakes?~" he smiled insanely as the pink swirls in his eyes started to become dominant.
I shook my head, a bit scared of what he just said. "No... I mean...how do you guys want to live your life after this? Are you guys planning on running a whole nation?"
His smile disappeared and his eyebrows furrowed. "Running...a whole nation? That's what Luciano said...but as for myself... I... I'm not so sure about that, poppet..."
"I thought you guys wanted to take over their lives?"
"That...ah well... We do... We want to take away their purpose like how they did to us." Oliver said, twiddling his thumbs.
"Well, doesn't that include taking their place as country personifications? I mean, you guys are their counterparts, after all. You're immortal, too." I told him.
Oliver looked down. "That...That would mean I'd become very busy now, wouldn't it, poppet?"
"Very. Is...that what you guys want? To carry their burden as a nation?" I asked.
"No. No...not that... I-I guess we haven't thought that part out yet...but then...."
"Hmm?"
Oliver looked at me and pouted, "....If I become really busy, how will I have time for making cupcakes? Or tending my garden? Or...or..."
I giggled. So that's what he was thinking?
"Poppet, you're laughing at me." he frowned.
I shook my head and smiled. "I'm not...It's just that, it's cute of you to worry about your cupcakes, and your garden."
He giggled, as well. "Well, poppet, those are important!"
"Why don't you just open a pastry shop or something?" I asked him.
"Huh?"
I looked at him straight in the eyes. "You know...we could maybe pursuade the 1Ps to at least let you guys live 'normally'. Although you probably have to promise them not to put an innocent person into the cupcakes. The one that you gave me...didn't have any, did it?"
Oliver shook his head. "I would never do that to you, poppet!"
"Oh. Then let me tell you, it was the best cupcake I have ever eaten."
He suddenly brightened at this. "Really? That's wonderful. Thank you!!~"
"So, why don't you just open up your own pastry shop? You know, sell cupcakes and stuff?"
The strawberry blonde haired man sat beside me. "Huh. I haven't thought of that before, poppet."
"You guys...could actually have a good life, even without getting rid of the 1Ps. You don't need to kill them. Maybe...you could talk to them? We have words, right? It could work..." I suggested.
Oliver's expression darkened as he looked away. "You're...just telling me that because you care about the 'First Players'..."
"Ollie, I may care for them...but I actually care about you guys, too. I've liked you guys even before I met you all in real life. Given a different situation where...you guys wouldn't hurt me or kidnap me and take my parents hostage... I probably would have been delighted to see you all."