

Italy turned to Japan with a puzzled look. "I did? There were definitely several past times I opened up to you like I just did now,but the... second time...Where was that clock?"


America scratched his head and spoke in a low voice. "Remember there was a box in that cell? The clock was inside that box. Along with a letter for you."


"There was something inside that box?!" Italy exclaimed, genuinely shocked.


England nodded and spoke, "It looks like I'm the one who sealed it. It was my past self who sealed it, to be exact."


"Ita, maybe you haven't got all of your memories back yet? And that's why you remember things differently?" Spain said in a comforting tone.


Russia crossed his arms and pointed at the (hair colour) haired girl with them. "Then why don't we just ask the little sunflower to tell us the whole story, da?" he said, causing the rest of the countries to turn their gazes at the girl.


"I... I can't...do that." the girl said in a soft voice.


Germany became irritated at this and spoke, "And why not? I do not understand why you wouldn't tell us everything you know. You have the information, don't you?  Haven't you thought that it'd be a whole lot easier for us to get out of this wretched mansion if you do?! Do you think this is still some sort of game you used to play in your so-called world?! Well, mind you, frau, it is not! This is not a game! This is reality!"


"THAT'S THE POINT!" (Name) shouted angrily, causing the blonde German to step aback. The rest of the countries eyes widened in surprise, as well.


The girl tried to wipe off the tears from her (eye colour) eyes before continuing,


"That's...the whole point. This isn't a game where I could play freely without thinking of the possible consequences because I can restart it later. When I played this game, I always relied on the option of saving the game at a certain checkpoint whenever I was unsure of any decision I was about to make. If I took the wrong path, I could just reload the game and play it again...


....but, Germany's right....


....This is reality.


I can't save at any checkpoint. I can't afford to make even the simplest mistake....


...because one wrong move could inevitably lead to someone's end. Be it mine, be it one of you guys, or even all of us here!"