
"--that monster came out of fucking nowhere! I wasn't ready to fight and my sword wasn't sharp enough and we got injured. We were in big trouble!
Waking you guys up would only make things worse, though, so we fought in the hallway. We were at a disadvantage, so we ran away to the first floor." Prussia cut in.
"And then, before we knew it, that monster was there ahead of us, attacking America. We were going to sneak away behind its back, but then America waved his hands and said,'Hey~! Over here~!!' with a huge grin.... So we got dragged into it." France told us as he rolled his eyes over to America.
"I couldn't fight it alone! What's the problem?! I just thought we'd have three times more chances to beat it?" America said in his defence.
"So, since we weren't ready to fight, we couldn't fight, and we ran away to this place. We took refuge in that cell, but then we couldn't open it from inside, so we had no choice but to wait for you guys to find us." Prussia finished explaining.
I went up to Prussia and pinched his cheeks.
"No wonder you disappeared just like that. I was worried! I heard some sort of sword clashing outside, and when I opened the door, no one was there!" I said, slightly pouting.
The albino winced at the sudden pressure on his cheeks. "Ow... But, awww.. Thanks for worrying, frau. Hey, at least the awesome me and the others are all okay!" He said, after I let him go.
"I suppose..." I said in response.
Suddenly, France stepped closer to Prussia and I.
"Mon dieu! Prussia, my friend! Who is the lovely mademoiselle?"
"Yeah. I was also curious about the dudette over there." America piped in.
Once more, I gave an awkward wave at them.
Prussia placed an arm over my shoulder. "Oh, this is _____. She's stuck here with us, too."
France made a flashy pose and spoke. "Bonjour, ______~ I'm France. "
"Uh, hello."
"And I am America! Don't worry about getting out of here, dudette. I'll get you out of here because I'm the HERO! Hahahahahaha!" America said loudly. I swear, it's like I can actually see an American flag in his background as he gave a thumbs up sign and laughed. I laughed along with him.
Canada smiled and spoke up softly. "... We need to explain to them what is going on. Why don't we split up into two groups?"
"Indeed. Their injures aren't that severe, either. I'll keep looking around the basement." Japan said.
Canada nodded. "England and I will stay to lecture America."
"I have some things to tell them, too." Germany told them.
"Then I'm coming with Japan!" America exclaimed, grabbing Japan's arm.
China crossed his arms and spoke, "Weren't you listening? We're going to explain to you what's going on, so you have to stay!"
"Aww, do I have to? Japan can explain to me, can't you, Japan?" America turned to Japan, making a puppy dog face.
"It had to be the slowest to understand..." Japan thought to himself and sighed.
After careful thought, Japan eventually agreed. "Very well. I would be glad to do it."