
Past (Name) cupped her chin. "..No...I remember...The ways the time was reset here....was either by Italy's journal...England's magic....and the giant clock somewhere in the mansion... I'm not sure if they work independently, all I know is that they can set back time."
"Do you...think we could find a way to set back the time ourselves?" Luciano asked.
Nodding, Past (Name) answered, "The journal's with the 1Ps...and we don't have magic...so our best bet would be...the clock."
"I see...then... I will find that clock....after I send you home." Luciano told the girl.
Taking a step back, Past (Name) frowned. "What?! What do you mean by that? I'm not gonna let you do that! I don't want to leave you here!"
"...But...(Second Name)... It's okay. I'll be okay." Past Luciano replied softly.
Past (Name) clenched her fists, emotions swirling within her. "No... I don't want to leave you here, Luci. I can't. If you're going to go through this again-then fine! As long as...we go through this together."
The Italian couldn't help but doubt his own ears. "Why...Why are you like this...? Any normal person would obviously take the chance to immediately get the hell out of this place. But....you.... You're choosing to stay here....with someone like me... Why?! Why?!" Past Luciano asked her. He thought that the girl would've given anything to get out of this hell house, but...but what is she saying?
Cupping his cheek and wiping away his tears, she replied. "Idiot...don't ask the obvious."
They both stared at each other in silence. Past Luciano knew he had to say it. Placing his gloved hand on top of the girl's (skin colour) one that was cupping his cheek, he spoke, "...(Second Name)...I have something to say...."
"What is it..?"
"....Ti a-"
"—Luci, watch out!!!"
It was all too sudden.
Without either of them noticing sooner, the alien-like monster was there behind them.
Since the monster was behind Past Luciano, Past (Name) was able to see it as it launched it's attack aimed at the Italian. This made her act quickly and push Past Luciano out of the way.
But at the cost of being hit by the monster's attack herself.
"(SECOND NAME)!!!!!" Past Luciano yelled as he saw the girl thrown against the wall...blood starting to form a pool below her body.
Clutching her stomach, Past (Name) coughed out blood. "Luci..."
Turning aggressively at the monster, Past Luciano drew out all of his knives. "YOU SON OF A BITCH! YOU'VE DONE MORE THAN ENOUGH!" he shouted furiously, skillfully throwing all of his knives towards the monster, which landed on the creature's forehead.
It staggered towards Past Luciano and but it didn't attack, it just passed by. With a garbled screech, it disappeared from the halls.
Past Luciano was confused as to why the monster quickly vanished, but that wasn't important anymore.