


I shook my head and gave them a confused look. "S-Sorry, but I don't know! Honest!"


"Heh. You can't fool us with your little lie, dollface." Allen called out. I turned to my left to see him smirking at me and playing with his bat.


I frowned. "Look. I don't know how I get here--and I'm pretty sure that I'm not supposed to be...so...will you guys please let me go?" I asked them.


"You are most definitely not supposed to be here, poppet!" a familiar voice piped up.

Facing my right, I saw Oliver grinning at me like a cheshire cat. "Ollie!" I smiled.


"What? Pardon, poppet... But that's not my name." the strawberry blonde haired Brit told me.



Remembering that this wasn't the Oliver that was from the timeloop I was from, I gasped. "O-Oh. Sorry, I...uhm, you looked similar to a friend of mine."


"So you are with those so-called 'originals'?" Luciano asked, squinting at me.


Was he referring to the 1Ps? "What? No... I have no idea who you're referring to. I just thought he looked like a friend of mine I met before. Not here. The last thing I could remember was that my parents took me on a trip to my aunt's place...and now I'm here. That's it!" I explained.


"Really? No lies, poppet?" Oliver asked.


I nodded. "Yes. Now, please untie me from this chair. It's...It's quite alarming to be like this in an unknown place." I told them, pretending to look scared and innocent.


"Okay! I felt bad for such a nice looking poppet to be in that state, anyway!" the blue-eyed Brit cheered. Before he could untie me, Luciano stopped him.



He looked at Oliver. "What are you doing?! What if she was actually with those 'originals'??" the Italian hissed.



"Uhm, excuse me for being a bit frank...but even if I was with those...whoever you guys are referring to--do you guys actually think that I could do harm?" I asked them, sighing.


Suddenly, Flavio went up to his brother and placed a hand on his shoulder. "Oh hush hush, fratello. We're after those bastardos who banished us--not an innocent little bella ragazza~" he said, winking at me.