
—-Chapter XV: Annexe (Part 5)—-


=-=-=-=-=

"Oh, hey, that reminds me, I've been wondering... Thanks to that journal, a lot of enemies were gone, but where did they go?" Russia piped up.


England raised an eyebrow. "What? Well, if those four wound up in the past, then obviously the enemies also—....Oh..." his eyes widening at the thought.

=-=-=-=-=

"What?! You mean the enemy wound up in the past, too?!" Italy exclaimed, horror shown in his face.


Germany furrowed his brows. "Wait a minute. If that's true, does that mean they were in the same time loop as us?! Shouldn't we go back and kill them?"


"Y-Yeah, now we are able to fight them, but our past selves definitely wouldn't be able to kill them, and if someone dies because of that, it could change this reality..." Italy pointed out in a worried tone.


America raised a hand. "If that's what you're worried about, it's okay; I've already killed it."


"Eh? You did? When?" canada questioned.



"Unlike Germany, Italy and (Name), I wound up in the basement, along with the enemy. It was already somewhat weakened, so it wasn't that hard to kill it." America explained.


Germany tilted his head. "You wound up in the basement?! But...there wasn't only one enemy. We should go back just in case..."  he suggested.



"While you guys were on the 3rd floor, I searched the whole place. No one found me, and it turned out there was only one enemy. The second time loop is fine. ...I don't want to go back there." America told him, his eyes darkened a bit.


England looked at the American with an uneasy expression for a moment, then looked away.  "What the hell, you're still not over it? So, anyway, we're going to split into three groups-one will go to search for (Name), the other will go to the annexe, and the other will go the past to kill the enemy. Any objections?"


"Oh, so now we are free to choose who will go to the past?" Japan asked.


England smirked. "Come on now, who do you think I am? I'm strong now that I've got my power back you know."