
"We can, and we will." Canada said, smiling.
The others smiled as well. They were wrong, yes...but...it wasn't just of them to make it right with another wrong. They can fix this. It was time to start making things right.
Italy smiled warmly and clapped his hands. "Well, then let's start the real meeting!~"
"Ah, first...should we talk about...(Name)...?" Prussia suggested. "So much had happened earlier with her..."
"Ve...It was wrong of you guys to lock her up here. She was quite furious." Italy commented.
France nodded. "Oui, we know that now..."
"But dudes...aren't we forgetting about...what we saw from the sack?" America asked them.
China shook his head. "I...I still can't believe what I saw there. Is that even possible?"
"Ever since we entered this mansion...everything's starting to become possible." France told him.
Japan cupped his chin. "But...if it really was true that this wasn't (Name)-chan's first time loop......how come we never see a memory of her whenever we break a clock?"
"Hmm...Italy? Did you know anything about this?" Germany asked.
Shaking his head, Italy spoke, "I'm sorry but I seriously had no idea about it. Ever since I met her, I've always wondered how I've never seen her in this mansion before. Just like..."
"...Just like...the Second Players?" Canada said softly. Italy nodded. Looking up in thought, Canada spoke, "...Do you guys think that maybe...she was brought here by the Second Players...and had never met any of us--that's why we don't have any memories of her or something?"
"Well, it's possible...but how come we met her in this timeloop?" England wondered aloud.
Romano raised a hand. "Mhm, maybe she's like us?"
"Si. We are proof that timeloops can change in greater measures." Spain agreed.
Japan thought for a moment. "Still, a lot of things aren't adding up..."
"Then, maybe we should think of the details once we get (Name) safely back with us?" America suggested.
England nodded. "Right, we also have a score to settle with the Second Players holding her captive...but we'll deal with it civilly."
"But how will we find them? I can't remember a single place in this house that could possibly be their base." Italy said sadly.
Spain scratched the back of his head. "Ah, well, we did try to find their base in all floors without telling you...but unfortunately, we couldn't trace it at all. Maybe the annexe? We're not sure..."
"I see... So we really have to check the annexe more thoroughly later." Italy decided.
Tilting his head, France asked, "Well, it sounds a bit impractical for all of us to go there yet, so just a selected few should check the annexe....so, is there anything else that we need to take care of?"
"Oh, hey, that reminds me, I've been wondering... Thanks to that journal, a lot of enemies were gone, but where did they go?" Russia piped up.
England raised an eyebrow. "What? Well, if those four wound up in the past, then obviously the enemies also--....Oh..." his eyes widening at the thought.
=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=