
---Chapter 3: The Allies (Part 2)---
As soon as he went out of the room, I was able to move. I grabbed my bag, hurriedly  put on my shoes and tried to open the door...
*clankclank*
"What?!" I said out loud. Why won't the door open?!
Suddenly, I hear a blade cutting through something...and something collapsing.
God... I can't remember what happens here...
I kept on frantically trying to open the damn door.
Then I heard a *click*
I opened the door and shouted, "Prussia?! Are you oka--...."
No one.
There was no one there out the door.
That is, until I went out and turned to my right.
What I saw made my face grow pale.
~Third Person PoV~
You can not easily set foot into that "mysterious mansion" in your town.
Because if you anger its former occupant, you will not get away lightly...
Especially when there are no people there...
---
((EARLIER...))
The Allies show up in front of the haunted mansion.
"It's really here!!" China exclaimed as he looked at the huge mansion.
England spoke, "I thought it was just a rumour. But it's actually here..."
"The desolate feel gives it a rather...nice touch, vous ne trouvez pas?" France smiles.
"I don't think it's very interesting though." Canada says in his usual soft voice.
"Did you just hear a voice just now?" America said (jokingly, probably.)
Russia laughed. "Oh, America, you tease~! We didn't hear anything, did we?"
Canada just squinted his eyes in silence.
America then crossed his arms. "Still...It doesn't really look like a very fun place."
"Well, why don't we take a little look inside and then go back? I think we can leave before nightfall." Russia suggested.
"Yeah! I don't want to stay too long, either!" China agrees.
"Eh bien, alors, shall we go in?" France asks.
They all proceeded inside the mansion. Canada, America and Russia were at the first floor, while the others were upstairs.
"The rumors say that there're ghosts here, da? That's why, nobody comes near the place..." Russia states.
America nods. "No wonder. It's such an eerie place."
Canada notices something off about his brother. "Huh? How unusual of you, America. Are you scared?"
America shook his head. "No, but it's a little.....Hey, where is everyone?"
"Um...They said they would leave the first floor to us, and then they went right up to the second floor." Russia told them.
America then spoke, "Hmmm...Then we'll...---"