
Italy turned to face his friend. "Germany was Lutz? Louis?"
"Lutz! That's hilarious! It makes him sound like a completely different guy! Right, Lutz?" Prussia laughed.
I flinched when I heard the name "Lutz". It's the name of Germany's Second Player... The 2Ps...are they...going to go after me? I don't need to worry about my parents anymore because...they're actually outside the mansion. I'm still mad at the 2Ps for lying to me. To think...that I was starting to think they were just misunderstood and a bit crazy... Where are they...?
Germany facepalmed. "Can you please stop smirking and taunting me?!"
"Ahaha! This is pretty awkward...But I'm sure that these names will never change, no matter what." Russia chuckled.
Canada nodded. "That's right.With this, even after we get out of this house, we can still continue to be bound to this alliance as humans..."
"Yeah..." I agreed.
Japan clapped his hands to gain our attention. "All right, everyone, be quiet, please! Stop calling each other's names for fun. Looking over the document closely--"
"What is it now?! It's fine, isn't it? Your name is almost the same as your nation name!" England interrupted.
Japan looked at England and scolded. "Be quiet, Alfred!"
"Bwahaha! That's the second time he got your name wrong! Ow, my stomach hurts!" Prussia said, clutching his stomach from all the laughing.
Germany just groaned. "... I'm surrounded by children..."
Italy looked at him and spoke, "But you know..."
"Hm?" Germany tilted his head, motioning Italy to continue.
Italy smiled. "It's been so long since it was this noisy and fun~This is fun, isn't it, Louis?"
"... Yes, it is." Germany said, smiling as he saw his friend looking so happy.
I watched the countries noisily bicker, talk, and laugh with one another. It's the kind of peace that helps you feel so at ease in situations like these. I smiled at the thought of these nation dorks.
They've been so good to me. I may have done things to break their trust, but they still found the heart to understand me and allowed me to mend the trust I broke.
.....Is it still possible for me to do the same and understand the 2Ps?
Everything I said to them earlier....it was brought about by the swirling emotions bottled in me....in the heat of the moment... I said what I thought was meant to be said...
....but now that I think about it, I still don't have the whole story with me. I still need to know what really happened between the First Players and the Second Players before....
.....and then.....
....and then....?
I don't know....
I'm still mad at the 2Ps, really I am...but there are just some things that I need to piece together. Maybe if I do that, I could answer that thing that has been bothering me for a while.
"Ow! ... ugh..." Prussia suddenly clutched his chest.
I immediately rushed over to him. "Prussia? What's wrong?"
"Hm? Oh... nothing." he said, shaking his head. He then pointed at the bathroom and continued, "I'll go take a bath. I guess I'm a little tired."