
I furrowed my eyebrows. "Then....then tell me why you want to 'banish them from this world' as you guys have said."
"Denied." 2P! China said bluntly.
I crossed my arms. "Hmph. Then I'm not telling anything."
"Awww~ But I wanted to know my 'human name'!! C'mon guys, we're just going to explain it to her! Maybe she'll even side with us fully when she finds out!~ Guys,pleeeaaasssseee?" 2P! Romano whined.
Several groaned before Lutz spoke, "Fine."
My eyes brightened. "Alright. Explain to me first."
"Well, ragazza, that's going to be a long story. To sum it up, we were just *used* by those beloved "First Players" of yours. When they didn't need us anymore, they just
threw us away like some disposable shit. We used to serve a purpose and meaning
in this hypocritical world, but they just took it away from us." Luciano explained.
Although I listened intently to what he said, I was still confused and couldn't comprehend what he was telling me. "I...don't understand."
"Dear fratello~ You ended up getting her more confused. Let me make it easier for you, hon." 2P! Romano turned to me.
"You see, honey, the 'First Players' were born with the burden of their whole nation on their shoulders. Everything their country was made to face, was dumped on them. Countries were born with the ability to withstand the stress of those problems and push through every obstacle. But at a certain point in time, several countries faced a phase in their immortal lives that they weren't able to take all on their own." he explained.
As I began understanding what 2P! Romano said, I nodded. ".....What was that 'certain point in time' that you're referring to?"
Spain looked up and spoke, "War."
I tilted my head, "....War?"
"That's right, doll. You've probably studied about wars in school, yeah?" Allen asked.
I nodded, "Yeah...I have."
"Mhmm. What happens when there's war?" Francois asked me lazily.
My forehead creased as I tried to cite a few things, "Uh...fighting, guns, blood, and er... death?"
From the corner of the room, a man peeked from his hooded cape and walked up to us slowly. "Don't forget fear, anxiety, terror, depression, suicidal thoughts and m--"
"--Yeah, yeah. Shut your depressed trap. She gets it." 2P! Canada cut 2P! Prussia off.
"That being said, basically, countries have faced an overhaul of negativity and almost broke their sanity and emotional handling. They weren't able to bear it. Fighting against countries that used to be their comrades, killing people who were either their enemies or innocent civilians, all the exposure to blood and dead bodies--those weaklings had just about reached the brink of losing it." 2P! Japan added.
After processing what he said, I sat back on the chair and spoke slowly,
"....Then...that's where you guys come along, am I right?"
"Heh. So she can use her head, after all. That is correct. As a result of all that, we came into existence." 2P! Germany answered, giving a small smirk.