
Italy also walked over to America and spoke, "America, why don't you have some rest? Oh, look! You've got blood on your clothes! Why don't you take a bath-"
"This is from when England came to use his magic to..." America trailed off, looking away.
Italy nodded in understanding. "Oh...Um, I-I see. When you grabbed him, he was bleeding a lot..." he said, frowning.
"What?" England turned to them, thinking he heard his name.
Germany placed a hand on Italy's shoulder."...Italy, go take a bath. It'll give you a nice change of mood."
"Y-yeah, good idea. America, come with me. I'll use the shower on the other side. Let's calm down a little!" Italy suggested.
America was silent for a few moments, but gave in. "...Fine."
I watched as Italy and America both stood up and headed towards the bathroom. Sighing, I sat down on one of the beds. There's just so much one could take. The whole second time loop experience is messing them up.
Second time loop.
Come to think of it, I have no idea what happened to the 2Ps after I left. Did they get mad? Probably. Will the Second Players of this time loop remember what we've been through back in the second time loop? I'm quite unsure whether I want them to or not. It might make them understand me more, or be mad at me more. Either way, there might be a change that could greatly affect their actions.
And not only that...what about our actions from this point on? I know I've already played this game...but I think... I'm forgetting something very important here.
What is it...?
Ugh...I can't remember....
Thinking about such things...it can give a serious migraine.
"ARRGHH. This is going to drive me insane!" I accidentally said out loud. This got the attention of the others, now showing concern.
China rubbed my back and spoke, "Aiyah. Please calm yourself, (Name). Maybe you should take a rest? A bath or a nap or something..."
".....I'll...I'll nap..." I answered quietly, making my way to the bed. When I reached the soft bed, I just collapsed there and before I knew it, I felt my eyes weigh down and signal me to sleep.
///Third Person PoV///
Germany sighed. "Sorry, they've gone through a lot. You'll have to excuse them-"
"That's what it looks like. Didn't you say you wound up in the past?" Spain asked.
Germany nodded.  "Yes. Both Italy and England lost their lives. Frankly, it was a great blow to me and America. As for (Name), though she hasn't said anything about it yet, it seems like something happened to her back there, as well."
"Huh. That feels so weird. Anyway, you look pretty worn-out, too. There are four bathrooms, so why don't you take a bath, too?" England told him.
Thinking about for a moment, Germany nodded. "You're right. Excuse me, then. I'm a little...tired." he replied, walking over to the bathroom.
"Anyway, you did well in teleporting us! We were in great danger!! It was by a hair's breath! Also, we found a lot of these things on the floor..." Japan said, showing them several sparkly lumps.
As soon as England saw the glowing objects, he ran over to them. "Aaaaah!! What have you got there?!"