

<My parents, obviously.>

Looking up from my phone, I noticed that Italy and the others are already farther ahead, so I started walking slowly over to them, still looking at my phone. Then it received another text:

<1 MSG
Ah. Si.>

I wasn't going to reply anymore and was about to place my phone back in my pocket when it vibrated again.

<1 MSG
By the way, ragazza... Are you feeling ill?>

Raising my eyebrows in confusion, I texted back:

<What? No...why?>

I was already turning to the corridor to my left, when I received a reply a minute later:

<1 MSG
Nothing. I just thought you were because I saw you being carried by that blonde First Player who looks similar to that Mattheiu.>

I am starting to become utterly confused as to why Luciano would ask something like that, so trying to be brave, I texted back:

<....Why do you ask?>

I was walking down the hall now. Halfway there, I received a reply:

1 MSG
<........Concerned, maybe?>

Now that. That text made my eyes grow wider than it ever had been throughout my whole stay here in this mansion. I was made to stop dead in my tracks after reading his text. WHAT. Is this really Luciano Vargas?
Although I suddenly remembered that I did tell him that I cared about him. He must be returning the favour...
I chuckled to myself. The Luciano Vargas is actually concerned about little ol' me. I was about to think about it sarcastically, but something inside me told me that he was genuine about what he said.
Maybe it's not too late to talk to him out of this whole mess, after all, hmm?
Maybe...maybe there's still...time...to change this...game...
==outside 2nd floor lower right corridor window==
I placed my phone back in my pocket and hurried over to the others, since I could here them already talking loudly.
I arrived there just in time to hear France say, "H-Hey, you don't have to go that far---"
"Huh? What? What are you looking at, France?" Italy asked.
Austria's voice was heard through the phone once more, "Italy. I've heard of what you've done to some extent. Not very laudable, was it?"
Italy bit his lip, "I-I'm sorry... But I--just---"