
-=-=-==-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-

"West, wait!! Listen to me!!" Past Prussia yelled.

Slamming the door open, Past Germany exited the room in front of the fireplace room. Past Japan approached his comrade. "G-Germany..."

"Japan...Do you know...where Italy is?" Past Germany asked, making Past Japan step aback, shocked by what was asked.

Past Germany looked completely disoriented. He grabbed Past Japan's sleeve and spoke, "My brother told me Italy is gone...You...know it isn't true, right?"
"Um...he...he's..." Past Japan looked away, not knowing how to answer.
Suddenly, Past Prussia also exited the room and walked towards the other past countries.


Past Russia sighed and turned to the stairs."...Let's go to another room. We have other things to do. We have to find out the meaning of that journal--"


"Why? We still have to look for Italy. Are you saying that he doesn't matter?" Past Germany asked angrily.

Past Russia faced him and spoke, "No...That's not what I meant...I know you don't want to accept it, but if you don't accept that he's dead, how much time do you think we're going to waste-"

"Don't you dare say the same thing as my brother!!" Past Germany shouted, full of rage.

Sensing the situation was getting out of hand, Past Canada tried to speak up, "R-Russia-"

"It's okay, I can handle this better." Past Russia said. Turning to Past Germany, he spoke in a low voice. "He's dead. If you have nothing better to do than stand there, then you should try finding a way to get out of here as quickly as possible. He's not coming back!"

"You son of a bitch!!" Past Germany snapped, about to charge after Past Russia.

Past Prussia went in front of Past Germany and scolded him. "That's enough, West!!" he said, slapping his younger brother's cheek.

"Are you numb?! You're misjudging an accurate decision!" Past Prussia told him.

Past China looked away and spoke in a soft voice. "You're not the only one who's grieving."

Upon hearing their words, Past Germany fell silent.

"Let's go. We'd better go to another room to investigate about the journal." Past Prussia told them.

Past Japan faced Past Germany and spoke, "...We will be...waiting for you."

The past nations went up the stairs. Past Japan remained for a moment and repeated what he told Past Germany,  "...We will be...waiting for you.", then he continued to walk up the stairs to follow the others.