
---Chapter XIII: Moon (Part 2)---
///Third Person PoV///


"Took you long enough, Luciano."
A dark chuckle was heard from the other end of the line. "Someone's impatient~ Lighten up, aren't you enjoying the game?"
"Of course, I am. But there's something troubling me..." Russia said, looking down.
Luciano let out a hum in question. "And that is...?"
"...the memories that we have seen...were they...actually real...?" the tall Russian asked, readjusting his scarf.
The line was silent for a moment, until Luciano spoke, "...what if they were?"
"There are no 'what-if's here if you already knew." Russia said coldly.
Laughter erupted from the other line, "It's really funny how you only thought of that now. Very well, it's all very true."
"You bastard. We were supposed to follow what we agreed on, I don't like compromising anything." Russia said, gritting his teeth.
Luciano sighed. "Oh, please. It's not my fault our magic idiot somehow messed up with those creatures. But anyway, it's still fine, isn't it? We get the joy of watching you guys suffer, you get the joy of the company of your friends. You guys are getting along really well now, aren't you?~"
"W-We...we are. Hmm. I did gain something from this twisted game of yours." Russia replied.
After hearing Russia's response, another wave of laughter was heard from Luciano. "Si, you did. ...It'd be a shame if they ever find out~"
"You wouldn't dare!!" Russia hissed, clenching his phone tightly.
Luciano chuckled, amused at his reaction. "Don't worry, I won't tell them...if you give me information."
"Huh? What is it?" Russia asked, raising an eyebrow.
Pausing for a moment, Luciano then spoke, "I've noticed that your little friends have been lurking around places for seemingly suspicious reasons. What are they up to?"
"......I don't know." Russia said monotonously.
The Italian Second Player clicked his tongue. "Lying will dig your grave deeper."
"Fine. They're looking for you guys." Russia admitted.
The line went silent once more. "...You didn't tell them where we were, did you?" Luciano asked, sounding more like a threat than a question.
"No. Do you want me to?"
"Of course not. Now, there's something I need you to do if you want me to keep quiet about our little game."
Russia creased his forehead. "And what might that be?"
"I need you to help us get the girl back." Luciano told him in a low voice.
Growing even more confused, Russia asked, "Why do you need the girl? You better not be planning to hurt that little sunflower."
"...Too late. I've already hurt her a long, long time ago."  Luciano said in a soft voice, so soft that Russia wasn't able to hear it.
Russia adjusted the call volume, "What was that? I wasn't able to catch what you said."
"I said, 'We need her on our side. She's getting in the way of our plans, and our game.'... Not to worry, we won't hurt her." Luciano answered.