
I quietly turned my back and waved my hand in front of me. A popup appeared.
Obtained: Hallway Key.
"We got a new breach!" China exclaimed.
Japan nodded. "Finding a way out was our priority, but first we have to think of a way to rescue our friends. If we are thorough in our search, I'm sure we'll find them.
Those three are also tenacious people. They've got to be somewhere..."
"Friends, huh...? Sounds interesting. I was caught by surprise before, but next time I meet the Thing, I'll have a lot to thank it for." Russia gives out a small chuckle.
"Let's hurry. I don't want anyone dropping out." England added.
"Well, then, we'll split up into three groups, since we have so much to do. And no one can go alone. Each group should have at least two people." Japan said.
"Yeah, there are too many rooms. There are rooms we can open with a key,rooms we can't open, and rooms that we haven't checked out yet." Italy told us.
Japan then holds his wrist up. "Yes. Now, about our unsynchronized watches..."
Suddenly, the clanking of the doorknob was heard. It was the Thing.
"Eek!! J... Japan..." Italy shouted with a frightened expression.
Japan clicked his tongue. "... So, it found us, after all. This room is no longer safe."
"Was it ever off-limits? Shit! What are we going to do?!" England asked frantically.
"My group will be in charge of dealing with the Thing. Germany, Italy, you will search for the room to open with that key." Japan instructed.
"Then I'll fight with Japan!" China said.
Russia chimed in. "Can I join you?I really have to thank it for all the trouble~"
I tugged Japan's sleeve. "T-Then should I stay with you guys here, Japan?"
Japan shook his head. "I'm sorry, it's too dangerous."
I understood. I opened my bag and took out some onigiris, beer and hot chili peppers. "Then, take some of these with you then."
Japan took them and placed some in his pocket and handed the others to Russia and China.
"There's a room that I want to investigate. So I'll take Canada and _____ with me.. Italy, if you make any progress, come to the room with the piano." England said.
Italy starts getting ready to leave. "Okay! B-be careful, Japan."
Japan smiled. "Thank you."
The Thing suddenly burst through the door and was behind Japan.
"Well then everyone...Good luck." Japan said before he attacks the Thing.
He quickly turns to us. "Right now!!"