
Italy raised his eyebrow at America and spoke, "Aren't you going to say it? Fine, then.
You see, I'm the one who told him the rumours about this place."
France shot a look at Italy, "What?"
"I'm the one who told America. About this place. And then America immediately went to ask everyone to come check it out~" Italy explained in a sarcastically playful tone.
America looked down in silence.
Japan was slowly understanding. "Th-then..."
Italy nodded. "Right. It wasn't America who started it. Because I told him. That's why you're all here now."
Prussia couldn't believe this. "You told him? You're kidding, right? Why?"
Italy gave a bitter smile. "No reason in particular. I just happened to hear the rumours about this place, too, and then I told America~"
"Why did you lock us up here?" France asked.
"Hmm... Because you would get in the way? You'd gang up on me and ruin all my plans. So, just stay there for a while, okay?" Italy told them.
England was enraged. "You're fucking kidding me! I'll just--", he stopped as he tried to cast a spell, but failed. "Shit! Because time's stopped, my magic--"
"Ah, that's right. Thank you~ You were really helpful!" Italy thanked England.
The Italian then started to walk towards the door. "Well, I'll be going  now. Thank you for finding this for me, Germany~", he said, holding up the metal object.
He then turned to the American before he left, "You, too, America; thanks for everything!"
"......You really should have learnt how to smile a little more naturally." America told him with a sullen look on his face.
This caused Italy to stop.
America took a step forward, held the bars in front of him and spoke, "Did you forget what we said yesterday? The one who laid out the rails... yeah, it was you.
But I chose to run on them. I could have chosen not to, but I chose to get on those rails.
No one thinks it's your fault."
Italy fell into silence.
"Italy!! Please, open it!! You don't have to do this alone!! We can all--all together--get out of here?!!" Japan tried to convince him.
"......No. We can't.", he answered.
Germany shook the bars in front of him. "Italy!!"
"I'll tell you one more thing.
The Thing is after me. That's why no matter how many of us are gathered together, it will target me and attack me first.
That's why I tried to keep close to the doors as much as possible, though it was a little pointless." Italy explained.
"(Indeed, he would sometimes step a little away from us...)" Japan thought.
"This ends here. I'll make this the last time.
... If I come back, give me a good scolding." Italy told them.
Germany was now outraged. "ITALY!! ITALY!!! OPEN THIS DOOR!!! ITALY!!!"
"Italy!!" Japan tried to call after him, as well, but it was useless. He was already gone.