
Hello...my...dears.... ;w;

So, yeah... This is my last day of our so-called "summer vacation". That means I'll have classes tomorrow. I'm a college student, first year in Accountancy. Since Accountancy is for 5 years, I decided to take the summer term so that I'll only go through college for four years. Sounds reasonable enough, no?


*sigh* There's also something that's bothering me for a while now.

We have this Special Qualifying Exam in two weeks. We take that exam to determine whether or not we're still fit to be an Accountancy student in our department.

If I don't pass that test....I don't know what I'll do.

I have so many plans, and those plans don't even revolve myself. My plans to do good in school's to have a good future. It's not really for myself. It's for my family. Well, Author-chan isn't really born the richest girl in town. Ehe. That's why I'm doing the best that I can in school. I dream of getting a license as a Certified Public Accountant, find work abroad (my best bet is Canada...because Filipino workers are more appreciated there, and it's a multicultural country so I won't have that much of a problem with people, and of course...you guys know I'm in love with Matthew Williams. Haha.) I also want to bring my family there to reside. Oh, and take my lola ("grandma" in Filipino) to see the world. And snow. Hahaha. We've never seen snow in our lives. So yeah. That's my plan for family.

My other plans include finishing my HetaOni series and start up on other series that I've planned on before. Writing has been sort of a refuge for me. Is that the right term? Idk. It's like, I have so many things going on, that I just have to let it out in writing just to stop me from going crazy. Haha. Also, mushy as this might sound (I don't even know if anyone will be reading this lol), I write for my readers.

Whenever you guys comment on how much you've enjoyed my works, I can't help but put on this big goofy smile. It's like, despite all the trouble I give my family or no matter how much the pressure weighs down on me, there are people out there that appreciate even just a little bit of the stories I spend hours working on. You guys don't know how much it means to me whenever you guys leave even just a single line of a comment, or a single favourite and such. It's one of my secret dreams. To create something that could give people happiness or make them smile. I also want to make people feel different emotions. And to make them unleash their critical thinking skills, too. That's kinda why I like leaving cliffhangers. That way, you guys can think up of all the possibilities. I'm weird like that, I know.



Why does this feel like a farewell? Hahaha. No no no. It's not, guys, okay?

Well, you guys might have gotten used to me updating quickly (like an update every day or every other day)...

I'm pretty sure that I'll be posting at least once a week, since our classes are M-W-F (7:30am to 6:00pm...yeah. OMG.)... I'm just being an emotional wreck right now. Haha. Maybe it's all the worries that keeps on pestering me. If you guys have noticed...I actually put some of my worries in the chapters of this series. Not noticeable and memorable for readers, but for me it is. It's just two words:

"I'm scared."

That's how I'm feeling right now about the future.

But I know that I'll get through, as long as I do my best. I have friends with me. I have you guys, my readers with me. I'm happy with that.

Well, that's my rant. Sorry I said too much with things that you guys aren't to be concerned about. I'm pretty sure not many will read this author's note..but for those who do, thank you.