


At that, Italy's eyes...opened as he spoke, "... Yeah.



Yeah..."

=*=*=*=*=
I'm sure I'll cry. And then... and then...


Look around yourself.

=*=*=*=*=
The Northern Italian fell silent and slowly looked at all of the people gathered around him.
=
"Ah, that's right. I---
I have many... friends.
This close to me all this time..." I heard him mutter quietly and looked down to his hands.
"Italy? Why are you looking down? Do you still feel unwell?" Japan asked in a worried tone.
Italy shook his head and smiled. "No, I'm fine. There's something I... want to tell you--"
Suddenly, we heard a loud ringing of a cellphone.
"Aaaargh!! Damn it!! What are we going to do, Romano?!" Spain suddenly panicked and turned to the Southern Italian beside him.
Romano raised an eyebrow, "Wh-what the hell are you going on about?"
"I forgot to tell Austria and the others that we found Ita..." he answered meekly, scratching his head. Romano just glared at him.
France tilted his head and asked his friend, "Euh, quoi, is he coming, too? Wait,'the others'? You mean..."
"Almost everyone who came to the world meeting." Romano answered monotonously.
Spain chuckled. "Romano threw a fit back there. He was really desperate to save his brother, you know. I'd never seen Romano being that honest before!"
Romano felt like one of his veins popped and retorted in an irritated tone, "Shut the fuck up, bastardo!! What's wrong with swallowing my pride to save my brother?!"
"Yeah! You're right, Brother Dearest!" Prussia nodded in agreement, placing an arm over his younger bruder, Germany's shoulders.
Italy's eyes softened as he turned to his older brother, "Romano... thank you."
"I just want you to come back... I don't want you to go through that again." Romano told him in a concerned tone.
Russia pulled out his phone. "Since we fixed the time quite a bit, our phones also work at least a little, right?"
"Good timing! I'm sure we'll be able to hear their angry voices even from here." China teased.
America joined in on the teasing. "All right! We'll all watch Spain get an earful of it!"
"Oh, God. Romano, can't you answer it instead?" Spain pleaded.
Romano just crossed his arms and huffed. "Just answer it already."
"Okay." the Spaniard pouted as he answered it, setting it to speakerphone.