
---CHAPTER X: BLOOD (Part 4)---
~~~Reader's PoV~~~

Japan, Russia, America, England, Canada, and I went to search for clues around the mansion until we ended up on the fourth floor. When we entered the room on our left side, Japan rushed over to the white creature stuck on the wall.

"Oh! I just remembered the mochi!!" Japan exclaimed.

Russia walked over to where Japan was and peered over him curiously, "Whoa, what's this pudgy thing?"

"What's this revolutionary creature?! It's fantastic!" America beamed as he saw the majestic mochi that he unknowingly resembles.

"It's a mochi America." I blurted out.

America turned to me and asked, "Huh? What?"

"O-Oh sorry. I meant-- It's a mochi, America..." I answered. It'd be confusing and troubling if I had to explain to him about mochis and stuff. Though, even I have no idea why a mochi would be inside this mansion in the first place.

Canada went beside us who were observing the creature. "The mochi is stuck...A-And it's looking at us with a twinkle in its eyes." he said looking both amused and a little frightened.

"I'd completely forgotten about it! We'll come to help you soon, so please just hold on a little longer, okay?" Japan told the AmeriMochi.

Russia inspected the room and gave a sigh, "It looks like there's nothing in particular here, either."

"Indeed. Let's hurry to the next room. I'm sorry, Mochi. See you later!" Japan gave a bow in front of the mochi as we headed out of the room.

=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=

For most of the time we searched around, none of us really spoke a word. I guess it's probably because all of us had lots of things going on in our minds or because none of us wanted to say something in fear of saying something that wasn't supposed to be said. Either way, we were pretty much silent, even America.  Room by room, we looked for something that could give us a sign that we could be one step closer in getting out. Room by room, our hopes diminishes little by little whenever we find nothing. That is until, we went to the basement.

=Basement, Iron Cell room=
Japan saw the rest of us huddled around something and asked in puzzlement, "Oh? What happened, everyone?"

Russia pointed at the wooden box and spoke, "Italy said that there was 'hope' in this box. What did he mean?"

"If he was doing that for our sake..; he must have deliberately arranged 'a hope to escape' when he locked us up in the cell." Canada guessed.

America picked up the box and shook it. "He also said that the box was empty, though. Maybe it was just a trick to lock us up?"