
They say that ignorance is bliss...but knowledge and awareness is still a blessing.
I now know that not knowing about everything, about this haunted mansion, about the oni, about all those horrible things was actually far from painful, but it doesn't mean that I would ever want it.
I'd rather remember all of those horrifying things as long as I would remember my experiences here, the people I've met, the relationships I've built, the person I developed into...and the person that I always was.
A Hetalian.
Wiping tears from the corners of my eyes, I turned to the person who sat silently beside me. "Luciano....I remember....."
"Yeah...I remember now..." I said slowly, raising my hands to his face. "...Yoouu baaasstaaard!" I huffed, pinching his cheeks.
Taking my hands off his face, he looked at me with a puzzled look. "Wh-What was that for, (Second Name)??"
"(Name). I remember that that's my name. Well, what you just called me is also my name, but I'm used to being called by my first name." I said, standing up and dusting my clothes.
Standing up, as well, Luciano looked at me and sighed. "It's still your name, so I will call you as such. Anyway...how much do you remember?"
"Well, I remember Hetalia... It's been a good basis for the rest of my memories... First Players, Second Players, HetaOni mansion... Basing on the memory of the mansion, I started to recall everything that happened to me here up to this point..." I paused, then frowned. "Everything...from this time loop, that is."
Luciano looked away. "I know where you're going with this. Well, you've got your memories back, so...I guess now is a good time to let you...see that time."
"...'See'...Oh, by breaking the clock, you mean?" I said, picking up my bag and taking out the maroon-coloured clock. Placing it on a table in the room, I turned to him. "Does...this contain all of my memories from that time?" I asked, recalling the times I've experienced "seeing" things whenever we broke clocks.
"I'm not exactly sure about that, but I know that it'll give you more than enough for an idea about it...It might even contain some of my own memories." he replied. "It might just contain the significant ones. I've been trying to look around the mansion if there were more clocks that could contain your memories, but I was only able to find that one. Though, I have no idea how you got that."
"If I remember correctly, I got it from the First Players when we were on the fourth floor..." I told him. "That aside...can we...break this clock already? I really need to see for myself how it all happened...the first time. Back in my first time loop in this mansion..."
Turning to me, he spoke in a low voice. "Seeing that will probably change a lot of things...you know? Are you really sure you want to go through this now? You can give some time to prepare yourself for it, ragazza."
"I don't need to prepare myself any more. I've waited this long to find the truth to this. I want to see that time more than ever." I told him, giving a weak smile.
Giving a small smile of his own, Luciano took a deep breath. "If you say so, (Second Name)." he said, holding out his left hand to me. I was puzzled at his gesture and raised an eyebrow.
"Uhm, what?"