


I fell silent for a while.


Why?


...Because after having him say that... I felt something.


Guilt.



"B-But...what if...What if I wasn't able to help you guys at all? What if...what if there would come a time when I have the chance to run away or save myself--and choose to do so...? What if...what if... what if I became a burden to you guys, instead? I mean, I don't even belong here! ...Would you still...need someone like me?" I asked him, my lips slightly trembling.


Usually, Japan would pause for a few moments to think through what he would say next, but surprisingly, he answered the question immediately, "Yes."


"....Wha......Why?"


He placed a hand on my shoulder and looked at me. "(Name)-chan... You are here with us. We've already been through a lot together with everyone. Even in an unlikely place like this, we have made such...a special bond. The kind that we will all cherish together. All of us here care for one another--and that includes you. We care for you-- to the point that we would be happy for you to get out of this mansion even without us. You would never be a burden to us at all. You're our friend. We will all get out of this mansion together. When that happens, the bonds we have made here would not sever. We may be from different worlds, but we're here in this mansion as one. We all belong."


"J-Japan....Thank you..." I said, sniffling and pulling the Japanese man into a tight hug. He felt a bit embarassed at first, since he was not used to contact like this other than from Italy's old self...but he also felt comfort so he returned the hug and pat my head gently. "There there...." he tried to soothe me. After a few moments, he spoke again, "I think I know what to tell Italy now." I looked at him and nodded with a small smile on my face.


Suddenly, before I was able to break the hug from Japan, I felt someone pull us apart. "Heeyy! Why are you hugging Japan, dudette?!" he exclaimed, pouting.


I laughed a bit at this and answered, "I, uhm, missed him?"


"And not me?" the American gasped. China went beside and and pointed to himself, "Or me, aru?"


It was really funny to see how these guys acted childishly, so I went along with it. "I missed all of you!" I said, giving them a quick bear hug.