
"Will do, poppet~" Oliver said, untying the ropes on wrists and ankles.
Once I was free, I massaged my wrists and tried standing up. Tried.
I was probably tied to that chair for quite a while, so my legs were still a bit numb. Luckily, I was caught by someone. "Mhmm. Careful." the person who caught me said, squeezing my butt. I was surprised at this and turned around to face the pervert and spoke, "Hey! What the heck!"
The man only chuckled. He was tall and burly, blonde with pinkish purple eyes...and a scar beneath his left eye that extends across his cheek. He also reeks of smoke. 2P! Germany.
As I regained my balance, I took a look around the room I was in. It looks like any normal room in the mansion...except this is a room that I haven't been in before--nor have I seen in the game. While scanning the room, I also noticed that there were also other Second Players around. 2P! Japan, 2P! France, 2P! Canada, 2P! China, 2P! Prussia...and 2P! Spain and 2P! Romano? Hold on... it's the 2P! Version of everyone in the original game...
Then, a question came to mind.
"Wait...where are my parents, Luciano?" I turned to face 2P! Italy.
He smirked and spoke, "Heheh. They're somewhere in the mansion, ragazza~ Don't worry, after you help us out...we'll get you and your parents out of here."
"Can't...I see them or talk to them?"
"No. We need you to cooperate before anything." he told me.
I winced at the thought. "Are...you guys...serious...?"
At that moment, I remembered my first encounter with a 2P! inside the mansion.
////flashback////
"Please...let me go...England."
He let me go and made me face him. I looked down. I didn't want to confirm my fears.
"I've watched you, poppet. I've also learned that in your world, I have a name of my own. A name I do not share with that grumpy man~" He told me cheerfully.
"............O-Ol.." I said under my breath.
"Come on now, poppet. Look at me and say it."
He then cupped my chin and made me look at him in the eyes.
I saw two blue orbs that had swirls of pink.
He smiled at me like a cheshire cat. I took a deep breath and spoke weakly,
"Oliver."
"Ooh~ That's a nice name, poppet! I love it!"
I took a deep breath and asked him, "What...do you want...?"
"Actually, poppet... you're not really part of our original plan, so you're getting in the way. But...now that we know what you can do--you're a big part of our plan!~"
"Huh? What do you mean by that..?"
Oliver tapped his chin. "It's a long story...but simply put," he gave me a smile that screamed 'insane' all over it and continued, "we want them d-e-a-d. DEAD. But it's not working! They just keep going over and over and over and over and over and over---"
"--Oliver."
He stopped for a while and regained a little bit of sanity. "Sorry about that, poppet...