


Looking down, she rubbed her elbow. "I'm sorry...I don't remember. I don't remember much, really. ...Have we met before?"


"Yes. Yes, we have. We've actually been through quite a lot together, to be honest. We're friends. My other friends are also your friends, too. We were all worried about you." I told her in a sad tone. "Listen, I'm not sure how, but we'll be able to help you get your memories back somehow! I'm just glad that you're safe and sound. Now, c'mon. I'll bring you back to our saferoom. After that, I need to go downstairs, England and America must be waiting for me...and I'm pretty sure that something bad will happen if I don't get there sooner."


I held out my hand to her, but she took a step back. "U-Uhm...I... I think I should tell my friends first."


"Your friends?" I asked her quizzically.


Nodding, she smiled. "Yeah. I just need to tell Luciano and the others."


"Oh, but..." I started. What am I supposed to say? She's lost her memories and seems to really believe that she's friends with the Second Players. I'm actually fine if they befriended her....but what if they won't ever let us see her because they're still mad at us for attacking them..? Well, not only for attacking them...but for everything...in the past...


And England and America are headed for the annexe, too!


What if my suspicions were correct about America and something bad happens?


What should I do now?



I started fidgeting around my pockets, thinking it might calm me down. Suddenly, my fingers felt a small metal object. I took it out of my pockets and looked at it on my palm, making my eyes grow wide. I almost forgot about this...


"Hello? Feliciano?" she asked, waving a hand in front of me.


Shaking my head, I spoke, "Oh! S-Sorry, bella. I'm actually in a hurry for something...so, I have to take my leave now. I'll come see you later, I assure you."


"I see. That's okay. Maybe you could help me remember some things later." she told me.



I smiled. "Maybe. But for now, I think I have something that could help you recall something you've mentioned was important to you." I took her hand. placed the metal object on her palm, and closed it. "I'm positive that this is yours, bella. I hope you'll remember us by this."