
---CHAPTER VII: Memories (Part 1)---
//Japan's PoV//
Cautiously, we all went to the door to the basement. I took the key and slowly turned the knob until I heard it click. Before entering, I looked at everyone and they gave me a nod in agreement. I opened the door and led everyone inside.
It was pretty empty, as I expected. But when we walked further, I spotted another door.
"Oh. A room." I said out loud.
At that, Italy went up to me and placed his hand on my shoulder and spoke, "Ve~ Let's check it out, Japan."
I nodded and walked over to door and entered the new room with Italy.
--
It was just a normal looking room. But I'm positive that there's got to be something in here.. I wonder if there's something of use in these drawers.
I opened the dusty drawers one by one. There, I saw a key.
"Hey, Japan." Italy suddenly said.
I looked over to his general direction and raised and eyebrow. "Yes? What is it?"
"Haven't you been brooding about something for a while?" He said, looking down to his feet.
I do not know how to respond truthfully to his query, so I only replied, "Have I?"
Italy raised his head to look at me straight in the eye. "Are you hung up on something? You've been odd since we broke that clock."
I shook my head. "No, I'm fine. What about you, though? You're shaking a little."
"What, really? Isn't it just your... imagination? Um, l-listen... if you saw anything, it was all a lie; you shouldn't think about it." He said in a nervous manner.
I furrowed my eyebrows. "... Shouldn't I think about the confusion being a hint? I was just trying to rethink some ideas?"
To my surprise, Italy's expression suddenly turned dark and he suddenly replied harshly, "NO!!!"
"Italy?!" I managed to squeak out.
"Just forget it! Forget it right now! Don't even think about those strange things!" Italy shouted, his voice raising but at the same time...trembling. It was...in such a...desperatetone.
Before I could ask him--or even say anything to at least console him, he stormed out of the room.
I could only let out a sigh of frustration. "Italy..."
------------
//Reader's PoV//
While Italy and Japan were checking out the room we saw in the basement, the rest of us waited outside.
I waved my hand to see what progress the two made inside the other room, when Russia tapped my shoulder.
"Hmm? What are you waving your hand for, _____?" He asked, peering over my side.
England also caught this and spoke up, "Oh right... I also saw you doing that a while back."
"Ah, well..uhm..y-you see i-it's.." I stammered. I got caught off-guard, not knowing how to answer them.
As if I was saved by the bell, the door from the other room opened. It was Italy. He looked...exasperated or some sort.
After that, Japan went out of the room, too.