
"Right. Then, when we finally get rid of them, we can establish ourselves as our own country. Take over theirs." Luciano said.
I just sat there in silence for a while as did they after that long explanation of the nature of how "Second Players" came to be. It was a lot to process.
....Who knew? Who even knew that beyond these people interpreted as "murderous pyschopaths" was a backstory of pain and negligence?
I didn't. Not until now.
In all honesty, they have a point. The 1Ps have a fault here, too.
But...their solution...is...isn't right.
Meaning? Purpose? Truth be told, shit like that runs deep. Numerous theories and fanfictions have I read about these Second Players...but...they barely mention topics like these.
Usually, it's just about them being their insane, blood-loving, bone-crunching kind of people.
Usually, when the 1Ps are involved, the 2Ps...well...they're...the antagonists of stories.
They're still the antagonists of this story...right?
...or are they?
The 1Ps figured it'd be best to have the 2Ps away from them because, well, it's given that they are dangerous...but to just throw them away...was also wrong.
The 2Ps figured that the only way for them to have a place in this world was for the 1Ps to disappear themselves, granted it's their way of revenge...but to try to kill the 1Ps...wasn't the correct way to handle it at all.
Each side had their own sense of justice...but which one should prevail?
Even though I'm starting to understand the 2Ps...I can't just let them hurt the 1Ps.
What can I do?
I'm back to the question, "Why am I here, anyway?"
I don't know why I'm here...but what I do know is that I want to get out of this mansion. With my parents...and my friends.
Maybe...maybe I can sneak out of here and ask the 1Ps to help me save my parents from the 2Ps? It may be dangerous, but it's possible.
But wait...
If I do get back to the side of the 1Ps...what will become of the 2Ps?
What --What happens  after all this, after the 1Ps find out that it was the 2Ps doing...?
Will the 1Ps try to get rid of the 2Ps just like how they thought they have back then?
I rubbed my temples as my head started to ache from all the thinking and all the contemplation.
Then, something came to mind.
Maybe...I can fix this?
Maybe...
Maybe...words are the answer?