
Zao walked towards our group. "Aiyah. What kind of bull is that? You actually cared about it? What's so good about that creature?"
"The fact that he was better than you shitstains, that's what." I answered angrily.
Francois jabbed the Chinese man's sides with his elbow. "Quit it. He's just pissed off, don't add more fuel to that boy's state." Zao just shrugged, "Whatever."
"Gil, Andres...have you guys seen Luci anywhere?" Flavio asked.
The depressed Prussian and the stoic Spaniard just shook their heads. "We haven't seen him. I haven't seen my bruder, either." Gil answered. Andres nodded and spoke monotonously. "Si. The three are probably together somewhere."
I was supposed to smash some more stuff when I heard someone scream loudly.
"AAHHHH!! STOP!! NO!!!"
We all turned to look at each other.
"It sounded like it came from our base, aru." Zao told us.
Matt placed a hand on my shoulder. "Al...that voice...didn't it sound like...."
My eyes widened as I realised who screamed.
".....Oliver...." I blurted out. At that, I began running down the hall over to the last door on the right.
Oliver may be sort of gay looking and usually pisses me off with his whole optimism and poisonous cupcakes...but he's one of the strongest guys I know. I mean, he's the guy who practically raised me...
He'll probably be okay, right?
I spoke to myself as I was a few steps away from the door. "Of course he will, he--"
What I saw made me drop my bat to the floor.
Oliver was panting heavily, clutching his arms--which was gushing out blood..and lots of it.
....And Lutz was holding back Oliver...while Kuro held a katana...dripping with fresh blood. It was all true. They...they're trying to...
"YOU BASTARDS!!! WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING??!" I yelled, all the anger turning into deep rage.
I picked up my bat and dashed over to Kuro; before he could react, I hit his hand with my bat, causing him to drop the sword.
"....A...Allen...you're....here....." Oliver said weakly, giving me a pained smile. At that, the injured Brit started to collapse, but was I managed to swiftly catch him before he could fall on the floor.
I held him gently and panicked when I saw him starting to close his eyes, he's losing so much blood..he could... "Oliver! W-Wait! Don't sleep!" I told him frantically.
At that point, Matt and the others went inside the room and saw the situation at hand.
I saw Francois stare blankly at Oliver first, then suddenly walked up to Lutz and Kuro and punched them both..really hard. I gotta hand it to him, he may be lazy, but when shit gets real, he fights without holding anything back.
"Shit. Al, quick use these to bandage him up." Matt told me as he gave me some torn up pieces of the table cloth in the room. When we finished wrapping up Oliver's arms to stop the bleeding, I checked on him again. He was still breathing. Thank God. I took one of the cushions of the chairs to have him use as a pillow. For now, he's safe...I'll ask questions from him later...