


"If it were a... sister, then I'd be only a little reluctant, but with a brother..." England trailed, not liking the idea at all.


America made gagging noises. "Eeew! That would be torture! It's just too weird!"


"Well, I could do with just a blanket. I could lay it over the table and sleep there. It'd make a perfect cot!" Spain told them.


My ears shot up as I heard that. "Huh? Cot...?"


"Yes, since it's already bedtime, we began to prepare the beds, but then we realised there weren't enough of them for everyone...

So, we began to debate over what we should do." Japan explained to me.


I nodded, everything slowly dawning me. "Oh... Well, those West-made beds are pretty comfortable. So, you were worried that everyone was going to fight over them? Is that it?"


"...'Going to fight over them'? They already are. Intensely, too." (Name) chuckled, stepping beside me.


I smiled and placed a hand on her shoulder. "Kesese. You're right, frau. But you should let those guys fight over the beds. You go rest on one of the comfy West-made beds and get your beauty sleep!"


"Thanks, but I'd want to sleep after these guys agree on the sleeping arrangements. It's not like I could sleep with all of them screaming at each other's faces." she said, laughing a little as she watched the other countries bicker. "Besides, I'm fine with any arrangement, anyway. So, whatever they agree on, I'll go along with."


"Really? Are you sure, frau?" I asked, a bit surprised. I mean, not many would be alright with just that. Usually, girls are picky with these kinds of things.


She faced me and gave a thumbs up. "Yep! ....I...I don't want to be treated differently. I just want to be eye-to-eye with you guys..." She then looked down to the floor. "...Even if I'm not from this world...I want..to belong."


"(Name)-chan... You already know that you belong, right? We've talked about this..." Japan said in a concerned tone.


(Name) raised her head and gave us a weak smile. "Yeah...I know..."


"...Lighten up, frau! You're one of us now and we'll always be here for ya! This is coming from the Awesome Me--so you've gotta believe it! Kesesese!" I pulled her into a hug and ruffled her hair, laughing.