
Canada's eyes widened as began to worry. "This is bad... What if--What if she--"
Prussia vigorously shook his head. "Nonsense! She couldn't have... She--She probably knows how to avoid the monster. Maybe she...maybe she... hid somewhere safe. Maybe she's waiting for us to find her so that she can't get back here without being harmed by the Thing..?"
"Da. That could probably be it...hopefully." Russia said.
Italy looked down. "I-I am really sorry. I tried very hard to remember if I somehow have forgotten about the girl...but I am positive that I have not been with her."
"It's alright, dude. Don't stress about it anymore, leave that matter to us." America reassured him.
Germany placed a hand on his friend's shoulder. "Italy? What's wrong with you?"
Spain crossed his arms. "Huh? Doesn't it kinda feel... as if he's talking like when he was a kid? What happened?"
"Well, his memories are kind of jumbled and he's a little confused. He still needs some time, okay?" Romano defended.
Russia nodded. "Of course. Take your time."
"Y-yes, sir. I'm sorry." Italy apologised.
Japan turned to the Southern Italian. "And you stay with him, Romano."
Romano nodded, but he nervously spoke up, rubbing his elbow. "Uh, w-wait! I've been thinking all this time...and I think maybe I should tell you, after all..."
England waved his arms in front of him to stop the older Italian. "Er, wait, wait. I appreciate the sentiment, but we really shouldn't have told you to talk without considering Italy's feelings."
"It's still all right. You just take care of your brother. If there's really no other way, then we'll ask you again." France said, giving a warm smile.
"That's right. There are many other things we have to solve. Maybe he will remember something while we're having a meeting. We can wait." Canada said softly.
Romano nodded. "I see... All right." He then turned to his younger brother,  "Veneziano, go to sleep! You're tired. Come here."
"B-but..." Italy tried to protest.
"It's all right. If there's no other way, we'll ask you. Until then, be at ease." Germany said comfortingly.
Italy gave a sigh of relief. "Okay..."
The two Italians walked over to the beds and tried to get some shut eye.
---===---
"He's so... worn-out." France commented as his gaze followed Italy's figure.
"Yeah. He probably pushed himself too hard already. He must have kept telling himself that he could try harder and harder to protect us." Russia said, looking away.
England sat on one of the wooden chairs and furrowed his eyebrows. "Well, now that we're sure of Italy's safety...we have another pressing matter at hand."
"Yeah. Where could the dudette have gone to..?" America wondered.
Spain looked at the others. "Oh, right. You guys haven't explained to me why a chica was in this mansion."
"Well, from what she told us, she was on her way to her aunt's house with her parents by car. The frau fell asleep on the way, and when she woke up..she was outside of this mansion. Thinking that this was probably their destination..she went inside--but got locked in like the rest of us." Prussia explained.