
"Fille, get behind us... They'll hurt you..." France told me, pulling me behind him to cover me from their enemy.
Kuro must've heard this because he paused for a moment and spoke, "Ohhh. We'd neverhurt her... We still have an agreement with the girl."
"Wh-What? Agreement?" China creased his forehead.
Lutz looked at me from afar and asked, "Do you have what we told you to get?"
"N-No...I...don't have it yet..." I managed to answer.
England's eyes widened as he heard me. "....You're....You're working for..them...?"
"She is. She's ours. Right, (Name)?" Luciano looked at me in the eye.
I shot him a shocked look after he answered them like that, "L-Luciano..."
"Is that...his name? You--You really know him? You really know them, frau?!" Prussia asked, exasperated.
Nikolai smiled and shot me a glance, "Of course she does. She's spent some quality time with us a while back, didn't she tell you? Ah...well you were all busy being locked up in that cell that time, though."
America turned to me with a look of disbelief. "That time.....you....you didn't fall asleep in a closet... You were actually...with them..? You...You lied to us?!"
"I-I'm...I'm so s-sorry! I..."  I began stuttering, becoming both scared and confused.
Japan gave me a disappointed look. "So you did, (Name)-chan?"
"I...
...I did. I'm sorry." I admitted, my eyes starting to water.
Germany glared at me. "What's your 'sorry' going to do now?! We trusted you! But now we find out that you're actually..........an enemy!"
Tears streamed down my cheeks as Germany called me that. "N-No! I'm...I'm not an enemy. I swear! I-I really am going to help you guys--"
"How can we believe you now?! How do you expect us to believe you'd help us if you were actually working with the people who killed us and are trying to kill us?! Huh? Huh?!" America shouted furiously.
Then they realised that they were still in a middle of a fight and began throwing punches at each other. There were only a few 2Ps, but they were giving the 1Ps an incredibly hard time in exchanging attacks.
I began stepping backwards as I grew even more scared of America's reaction as well as the other First Players. I want to explain...but I feel too choked up to speak.
As I was stepping backwards, I bumped into someone. That person then placed their hands on my shoulders. "Well, ragazza, it seems they don't really like you anymore. Far from it, actually." I turned to see it was Luciano.
"Why...? Why are you doing this to me...? I thought...I thought it was just going to be a secret... Why are you guys facing off the First Players?" I asked him, my voice slightly cracking.
He avoided my gaze and answered, "We were...getting impatient."
"Impatient?! I don't even have what you asked for! Why did you guys even tell them those other things?!  I only agreed to try and take the metal piece so you'd release my parents! My...." I stopped when peered over the end of the hall where the large sack was.
"....Luciano, I swear....If you guys have done any harm at all to my parents, I'll--"