


They took their own seats and said not a single word. All they wanted to do for now was to listen. Listen and try to understand if what they were told was true or not. Some thought of believing in it, some thought of denying it, but their best bet was to hear what Luciano had to say.



Not daring to look at the expressions of his comrades, Luciano simply stared at the ceiling and continued speaking. "The first time we came here, was similar to what you guys remember up to now. We were here because we got banished, and this was the place we had no other choice but to find refuge in. Time had gone by, and we knew that we had to get revenge on those First Players. We planned it all out, but as you guys know and remember...our plan only succeeded in killing nine of them. My First Player counterpart managed to survive...and oddly, formed a contract with one of the creatures we supposedly had on our side."


"Yeah, yeah. One of the Steves that Oliver cloned somehow got a mind of its own and did some magic stuff with that 1P Italy. The First Player was able to turn back time, and we were included when he made through a new loop. We've been doing that ever since. No difference so far." Allen said, feeling skeptical.


Luciano rolled his eyes. "Are you sure? There are a lot of differences, you know."


"Do you mean like...the poppet?" Oliver asked softly.


The Second Players looked at each other for a brief moment. From what they can remember, this current time loop was the first time they found out about the girl.


But judging by the lifeless body of the (h/c) girl that Luciano had with him, that was certainly not the case.


Luciano sat up straight and nodded. "Si. You guys don't remember, but we met her on the second time loop. She appeared out of nowhere, but we then found out that she held a great database on information on the First Players. Though she quickly got away from us, god knows how.

Luckily, we found her address and managed to bring her to this mansion to help us plot against the total annihilation of the enemies. She didn't really cooperate with us on that matter...but even so, we all actually got to get along with her. All of us did, you guys just don't remember."


Oliver couldn't believe his ears. "So....so that means....that even before...the poppet and I were actually friends...." he thought to himself, starting to feel a ray of hope.


"....and we don't remember because...." Gilen trailed, fidgeting with the fabric of his cape.
