
///Reader's PoV///


"(Second Name)...Hm. Fine, then. Untie her." Luciano ordered, walking away.


I felt the ropes that bound me loosen and fall down to the floor. After I was fully untied, I stood up and stretched a bit, feeling a bit of numbness for sitting there for I don't know how long. Suddenly, I felt a pair of hands grab my waist from behind, making me let out a small squeal of surprise. "Ooh~ You've got a nice body here, honey. I could think up a lot of good designs for you..." the person behind me said.


Turning around and moving the hands away, I realised that it was Flavio. "U-Uhm... I don't know what to say about that..." I told him, geniunely unsure.


"You could say, 'yes' to me designing some clothes for you. Ehe. You know, I always wanted to open my own boutique, so I like thinking up new and creative designs." Flavio proudly said.


Luciano turned to face his brother and clicked his tongue. "That again, fratello?! How many times do I have to tell you that that's completely impossible? You already know why--so why try and blind yourself with false hopes?!"


"Well, someone's being a little bitch." Flavio snapped. "Look, I hate those 'original' bastards as much as you do and I do want their severed bodies on a silver platter--but I don't want to make it our life! Our plan played out so well last time, but then your fcking counterpart had to go back in time and ruin it. Now, we're going through it all over again. But what will we do after we successfully eliminate all of them? What then, huh?! Can't I even dream? I know that all of us are practically psychopaths here--but are we not allowed to think of normal thoughts once in a while??!" the blonde haired Italian shouted in an exasperated tone.


Luciano grit his teeth and suddenly stabbed the table with his switchblade. "How are we even allowed to think of normal thoughts, if we aren't normal in the first place? We could never be normal. You should know that from the day we were created."


Flavio ran his fingers through his hair. "Si. Si! I know that, but you aren't getting my point! My point is--"


"--We don't need to listen to that shit. That's my point. Because my point is that this conversation is stupid. We don't need to think about those matters right now, because right now, what we need to think about is following our plan....And this conversation is not part of it. It's wasting our time. This conversation is over." Luciano said coldly, walking through the door and exiting the room. 2P! Germany and 2P! Japan followed, along with 2P! China and 2P! Russia. The only people that remained in the room was the Second Players: Flavio, Allen, Oliver, Matthieu, Francois, Gilen and Andres.


A great amount of tension was left in the room, along with ear-ringing silence. Flavio simply let out an irritated groan and sat on one of the chairs. "What's the point of being his older brother if he doesn't even listen to me? Italy is such a problematic child." he sighed.