
Japan descended to the annexe, only having his footsteps to be heard. Once he reached the floor, he called out to the other two. "It's all right. I got all the way down."
"All right, we're coming, too." Romano said, walking down the narrow staircase, followed by Prussia.
It was quite foggy down the annexe. As they investigated the area, they found something sparkly in the bottom left corner. They picked it up.
///Reader PoV///

~Obtained: Mysterious Lump~
A pop-up menu suddenly appeared in front of me.
I was finally back in the safe room with the other countries. They were quite busy with their own things like making food, resting, preparing weapons, and even explaining magic. England's the one doing the last part. He said he found some lumps of magic while he was looking around, so he's been showing off some stuff he can do. I watched him for a while, but since I've been through a lot earlier, I felt like I should take a small rest. So, I lied on one of them comfortable West-made beds. Not really sleeping, just lying down, collecting my thoughts and stuff.... that is, until the menu popped up.
Not getting up, I just waved my hand in front of me to dismiss the pop-up. Japan, Prussia, and Romano were in the annexe, so I know that they were going to find those magic lumps there. Since I didn't have anything else to do, I decided to monitor the three.

=-=-=-=-=
They walked around the annexe and found some more "Mysterious Lumps" as they searched around. In one of the rooms, they saw a lever.
"Let's not touch it for now." Japan said as they inspected the lever. After that, they left the room and went through another door and found a study. There, they found another mysterious lump.
By the wall on the right side of the room was a door. The three decided to enter it and discovered a smaller study. Once more, there was another sparkly lump on the top right corner. At that, they gathered the lumps together and had a small discussion.
"This is a dead end. So, what the hell are these sparkling things we've been finding on the floor?" Prussia asked.
Japan lifted one of the lumps in his hand. "They don't look very harmful. See, we can even touch them."
"Wait, is that really safe? I mean, haven't you picked up too many of those now?" Romano asked anxiously.
Toying with the lump a little, he couldn't help but stare at the object. "They feel very warm. What could they be? They aso feel so sad. Should we keep them?" he asked.
Before anyone else could talk again, Prussia hushed them. "--Be quiet!"
"I knew it would come after us..." Japan said, putting down the magic lump and clutching the sheathe of his katana.
At that, a giant alien-like creature entered the small room.
Romano raised his gun. "...It's here."
"You guys stand back!! I can take care of this giant thing on my own!" Prussia exclaimed, charging after the monster and striking it with his sword.
With a loud breaking sound, the sword broke.
Prussia couldn't believe his eyes. "Huh?!"