
"We found a key. Let's investigate some more." He said.
We all nodded and proceeded through the other hallway further in the basement.
Then, we entered a room that had some blue sofas. It wasn't that interesting, but then I saw the corner of the room. The wallpaper there was a bit torn. Now, following gaming logic.. there's got to be something fishy there. So I told Japan to check it out.
He knocked on it.
"That was... the sound of a door .There's a cut on the wallpaper. I'll tear it off." He announced.
After some careful peeling, a door was revealed. Japan marveled at the door then opened it for us.
"Ah, there was a hidden door, after all. Let's proceed with care."
After going through some more doors, we ended up seeing a door made of steel. This must be for the key they found.
We entered the room to our right and saw something that shocked them.
"You!" Japan exclaimed.
There was a guy with blonde hair and blue eyes, wearing glasses and a brown bomber jacket.
AMERICA. It's America! This is my first time seeing him in person, so I just stood there dumbfounded.
"Japan, it's you! What are you doing here?!" he asked loudly behind the bars.
England suddenly got worked up upon hearing the American's voice. "We're the ones who should be asking you that!! We were wor--wondering where you were! What the hell have you been doing?!"
Before America could reply, another blonde haired, blue-eyed man stepped up front. He was older looking, with a beard...and very fancy clothing. I haven't even recovered from seeing America yet...now I have to deal with seeing...FRANCE--in person.
"Anyway, could you please open this door for us? We can't open it from here, you see~" The Frenchman said in a thick accent.
"Ah, yes, of course. I'll open it right now." Japan said as he walked over to open the cell door.
=======
As they got out of the cell, America let out a sigh of relief. "Phew~ Thanks! This was a good place to take refuge in, but then we couldn't get out and we've been waiting for you guys to get here!"
"This is the only time we're doing you this favour!" China said, crossing his arms.
Germany turned to face his older brother. "Oh, well...Anyway, Prussia, what were you doing here, again?"
"You guys wouldn't wake up! I had a really hard time after that! It's a miracle I'm still alive!" Prussia replied, raising his hands.
"Prussia, you were gone when we woke up. Was it because you encountered that thing?" Japan asked.
"Oh, that.When I was having fun keeping watch, someone suddenly began to pound on the door." Prussia explained. Then, he turned to his side and pointed at France before continuing,
"When I opened it, I found it was HIM. "
"His face was a masterpiece. But he came out swinging his sword at me and I got a little injured." France said, clutching his shoulder.
Prussia gave a pout. "Aw, come on, I said I was sorry! It was just a flesh wound, anyway!"
France continued their story. "Anyway, while we were out in the hall, we were exchanging some information,when suddenly--"