
---CHAPTER VI: Password (Part 3)---
//Reader's PoV//
They're being fed with lies.
I know what's going on...but I don't know...if I should interfere...
What is my place here? Why am I even here?
I do not know.
Should I stop them? Should I tell them the truth?
I don't know.
But what if I mess it all up? What if everything becomes worse? What will I do then?
...I don't know.
What if someone else happens to interfere and puts everyone here in grave danger?  Will I be able to stop those people?
...I don't know.
And what if... what if I die here?
I actually do have a choice. That man in the pink sweater vest gave me an option...but it came at a price... I can't... I can't do what they want...
One thing I know is that I can't trust...those Second Players...
I don't know what they can do. I don't know what I can do.
My memory isn't working well with me either. I don't even get why I suddenly faint and have blurry vision every now and then. What's wrong with me???
This is getting so frustrating.
I did say that I know a lot about this game...
...but what if what I knew was just the tip of the iceberg?
So much that is known...yet so much is unknown...
All I know now is that...if that's the case...
....This isn't just a game anymore.
"_____? Are you aru-right?" China asked me, snapping me out of my thoughts.
"Wait. Did you just ask me if I'm...'aru-right'?!" I replied, trying not to laugh out loud.
China suddenly got flustered after realising what he said. "A-Aiyah! You must've heard me wrong, aru! I meant to ask if you were--okay, aru!"
"Hahaha...suuuurree....But to answer your question: Yes. I'm okay, China. Thanks." I said between my giggles.
China is a little bit forgiven now--not fully forgiven for cutting me off a while back before though! ((xD))
But at least he lessened my stress... Time to get back on track.
"Are you guys all ready now?" Germany asked us.
We all nodded.
He nodded, as well. "All right, then..."
He broke the clock into tiny pieces.
Once more, everything is at a standstill. Yet, I'm the only one aware of this.
I wave my hand and see what's happening...
======
It's a scene in Japan's memory.
I squinted as I looked at the game screen.
Japan sees Prussia and goes over to him.

Japan: (Prussia!!