

(Name) couldn't help but squint at the Chinese man. "Aw c'mon! Really? Really? You always cut me off! Ugh." she muttered under her breath.


"When China, (Name) and I came back to the second floor, France was gone, and Russia and Canada were in the middle of a fight with the monster on the first floor." England explained further.

China smiled. "But at least we finally found Japan! He really helped us!"

"I'm glad I got there in time. I had no idea that America and the others had run to the basement, so it was very difficult for us all to assemble." Japan stated.


--Ch5--


"Yeah, and just like Prussia and France, we also realised that there was something wrong with the flow of time.

We split up into three groups and continued our search. On the way, we got a phone call from someone unknown." England elaborated.

(Name) looked down and clenched her fists. "Yeah...and during that time, I had an encounter with a certain strawberry-blonde haired, blue-eyed Brit...that offered me a cupcake."

"Aww, c'mon poppet! It was a delicious cuppy-cake, too!" Oliver defended.

The (h/c) haired girl turned around as she heard the voice. "Ollie, wh--?" she paused when she saw that no one was there.

Japan tilted his head, but brushed it off. "Anyways, all of us gathered to talk about the situation of one another, but we got really confused because we've got different memories of how we all arrived at the mansion. Later on, we decided to just consider the puzzle on the piano as a more pressing matter."


--Ch6--


Germany crossed his arms and nodded in agreement. "We succeeded in solving the puzzle. And then, at the same time, we collected one thing."

"Yes. There is a clock somewhere in every room, and as we break them, the time axis goes back to normal little by little." Canada explained in a soft voice.


Italy raised hand. "Yep, but there's one drawback."

"Yes. Whenever we break a clock, strange memories flow into our minds.

We would only figure this out later on, but we have been coming to this house several times in a loop. The memories we got were from those times.

We figured they were just meant to confuse us and decided to ignore them.