
Canada shook his head. "No. As long as we're here, we should think of ourselves the same way as ordinary people. In other words, that we can... die any time."
China tried to widen his eyes (don'tkillmeforsayingthat//shot.) "Are you serious?! It'd be such a bother if I died! But I can't just watch a fellow nation die and do nothing about it, either!"
Russia nodded. "It's settled, then.We have to be ready to fight at any moment, because we don't know where it'll come from."
"Can't we use that exit?" China asked, raising his long sleeves that covered his hands.
Canada looked up and tapped his chin. "If we can, that will be our first priority. But I have the feeling that we won't be ableto get out of here so easily.If by any chance we can't use it..."
France took a step forward, "...That's a sign that Italy is in danger. It's very likely that it'll come back, so shouldn't we be careful with the doors and such?"
"That's right. I'll be waiting in the closest spot. I'm really fatigued, but maybe I can shield them." Russia said, wincing a bit.
France gave a sigh and closed his eyes, "(Italy dying...You wouldn't let that happen, would you?I can't take your place, but I can still try to do something...)"
"I think I'll also wait as close as possible to them. Maybe our enemy will retreat upon looking at my beautiful face." The Frenchman joked.
China nodded. "Then I'll wait in the room after that one. If you're defeated, I'll do something!!"
"Then I'll be in the one after that. It looks like America is working over some strategy, and if anything happens, I'll spread the word." Canada spoke up softly.
"Let's go back? If it's bad, they'll be back soon. With results." Russia suggested.
Canada smiled, "Yes!"
"You can count on me!" China exclaimed.
France looked away from the others, but replied, "... Oui."
-----------
The blonde haired American lurched forward just in time to get Italy out of the monster's way--earning a hit in the process.
"... Tch! That kind of hurt." America winced in pain.
Canada's eyes widened at the sight of his brother hurt. "America!!"
"Wait! You'd better not move!" Russia called after him.
France went tense. "... Hmm."
By that time, ______ managed to stand up and tucked her (hair colour) strands behind her ear. She was still a little shaky, but was stable to stand without support.
France noticed this and asked, "Oh, you are okay now?"
"Y-Yeah.", the girl replied softly.
Their attention went back to America who spoke up to the bloody grey monster,  "Sorry, but Italy is my atmosphere-searching partner. You'll have to settle with eating an iron pipe!"
"America!! In front of you! Dodge..." Canada warned him.
America quickly shot a glance at their British companion, "England!!"