


"I promise I will explain everything truthfully once you go back with us." Luciano told me.




I was feeling slightly confused and curious, but decided to shake it off. "I already told you that I am not falling for your schemes again. You probably just knew that because you gathered information on me before I got here...."




Luciano shook his head. "You've got it wrong, I---"




"Stop. Just...stop. I don't want to hear it anymore, okay?! Why don't you guys just leave us be? You go do whatever shit you guys are planning to do, and I'll be doing whatever it takes to get myself out of here with all of the 1Ps. Go on. I don't care anymore. I don't....." I paused, feeling a lump in my throat as I realised what I wanted to say...




"...............I don't care about you guys anymore. I cared, I really did. But not anymore. You guys never did care anyway." I blinked hard, causing tears to fall from my eyes. Fallen just like how Luciano's face was when he heard the words escape from my mouth. His face showed so many emotions that I have never known he could portray, but as far as I know, all that's probably just for show. To get me to get trapped in their schemes again. I've already learnt from that. Never again.




Luciano just looked at me for a moment. After that, he turned around and started walking away.




"Are we going to finish them off now?" Kuro asked their leader.




The magenta eyed Italian just shook his head and took the sack in his arms to drag. "No. Let's leave. We'll take care of them later."




The other Second Players followed what Luciano said and gathered around him. Zao took out what seemed to be a smoke bomb from his pocket and held it up. "Enjoy your rest while you can, because the next time you would....you'd be resting....in pieces." he said darkly and threw the smoke bomb on the floor, causing the hall to be filled with a grey haze of smoke.




As soon as the smoke disappeared, so did the 2Ps. I stared blankly at the empty hall in front of me, a sinking feeling forming after what just happened. Then, I remembered I wasn't alone and turned around.