
Monsters.
Not being able to take it any longer, the usually soft-spoken Canadian slammed his fists on the table. "Enough!!! All of you!" he shouted angrily.
The world was definitely turning the other way, because this time...Canada was heard.
"Canada..." France said as he was shocked to hear the Canadian's voice that was no longer a mere whisper.
Noticing that everyone's attention was finally on him and that they were actually listening to him, he took a deep breath.
If they keep denying the truth, then he'll just slap the truth in their faces until they accept it for all that it is.
He had realised this long ago, but now, it was finally time for him to let them hear what they never wanted to hear.
"You keep saying that the Second Players are monsters...but have you all forgotten how they even came to be in the first place...?" Canada asked, knowing that it was almost a rhetorical question.
Silence enveloped the room once more. No one wanted to answer that question...because they knew about it all too well.
Japan slowly raised his hand and spoke, "Ano... It was because of...the wars, right?"
"Yes. Yes, it was because of the wars...but more than that... Don't you guys understand that they were created because of..." Canada trailed off, wanting to hear the answer from at least one of them.
England's emerald eyes widened as it dawned to him what Canada was trying to tell them. "It was...because...of  us, wasn't it?" he said softly, guilt dripped in every word.
When it was finally said, they couldn't help but look at each other with sullen eyes. They knew. They knew that all along. They just couldn't take it in their hearts to accept it.
But now, maybe they could.
And to be honest, it's time that they should.
"That's right. That's the truth." Canada told them, nodding. "They were the products of our weaknesses, our fears, our selfishness, our greed, our anger and jealousy.... They came to be because of our faults. It was during the time of our vulnerability. That time we let ourselves get carried away with the darkness that lied within us. It was us."
"It was us... That time we denied ourselves of our sense of right and wrong. That time we weren't able to bear knowing that we were...destroying one another....along with the lives of....our people and of others... We weren't able to take it....that's why....we...." Germany shook, clenching his fists.
Russia looked away, but spoke, "...that's why we...chose to run away from it...by letting all the darkness within us to be...personified...and take over for us during those times of chaos.... It was us..."
"Doing that made things worse, because we let loose those who'd allow chaos and destruction. It was us... We were...the ones at fault..." France admitted, placing a hand over his mouth.
Canada looked at them. "Yes. You see..?
To be honest, they're not the monsters. If anything.....we are."
Deny ourselves of the truth no more.
"Yeah... that's...true." America said with a sad smile. Hearing that truth hurt the hero, but it's something he needs to accept. And because he is a hero, he knew that he can do something about it. "...but...we can still make things right, can we?" he said.