
_____ shakes her head and gives warm smile, but she didn't say anything.
Japan then spoke up, "Ah, no-- didn't mean it like that. Er, how can I put this?"
Suddenly, I noticed ____ look from side to side as if she was searching for something.
"I...hear something..." She said slowly.
I faced her. "What is it, love?"
"...Ticking. I hear a clock ticking...where is it..?" She told us as she began walking around.
America tried to look for it, as well. He looked up and exclaimed, "Oh, I see it! Look, on the shelf!"
America reached for the clock and brought it down for us to inspect.
"I see. It certainly is one." Japan nodded.
I sensed something shocking from the clock. "Hm? This clock is working with my magic. What the hell?"
"Anyway, can you break it now? If I don't go through that even once, I won't know how to deal with it." America said impatiently.
"You--Then I'll just sit back and laugh at you being all confused and panicking!" I smirked at him.
"Please, don't fight. Besides, we've already found an exit, so I don't think it's necessary to break the clock." Japan said, not wanting to have a ruckus.
"Aww, but I want to get more experience! It's not every day one can do that kind of thing. Can't I try it even once? Pretty please?" America pleaded.
Tsk. I hate it when he does those puppy-dog eyes...just like when he was small...N-Not that I give in just because of that or anything! Sigh. I suppose we could let him...
"Hmph! I'll break it, then! Just don't come crying to me later!" I told him.
It's not like I can't resist him or a-anything.
///Reader's PoV///
"He totally can't resist him." I thought to myself and chuckled.
I watched as England took the clock in his hand, and broke it using his magic.
Once more, we were all stuck in a standstill. Like always, I waved my hand to see the memories that the clock held.
========
The screen showed Prussia, Japan, Germany and Italy walking through the tunnel
to the exit.
"Aah, we can finally escape! At long last..." Prussia exclaimed in relief.
" ... Yeah." Italy said, uncharacteristically unenthusiastic.
Germany starting walking forward. "You're too slow. I'll just go ahead."
"I wish the others had come, too...but they really like adventures a lot." Japan told
them.
Italy looked down quietly, when suddenly, they heard Germany shout. They all looked at each other. Italy turned pale and dashed ahead. "Germany!!!"
"What happened? Did you fall over?" Prussia called over to his brother.
Japan turned to Prussia. "Let's go."
As they met up with Germany, they saw that the terrifying monster burnt the ladder down.
"J-Japan! Run, quickly!" Germany yelled at them trying to get them away.