


I blinked hard to prevent tears from trickling down my cheeks. Gathering enough courage to make a final and firm decision, I spoke up.

"Alright..... I'll do it."

Silence fell upon us for a moment before Luciano spoke, "Hm. Then, it's settled. Check your phone."

I was confused for a while, but followed his order. Carefully pulling out my phone from my pocket, I looked at the screen:

---
1 TEXT MSG
Ciao.
---

"You have received my text message, si? Save that number. I might call you every now and then or give you a message, when I do that update me on whether or not you have retrieved the item. The rest of the details are to follow." he said monotonously.

Even though he couldn't see me, I nodded anyway.

Luciano slowly turned to me and spoke, "You may go, now, raga--"

Before he even got to finish that sentence, the door a few steps behind him slammed open. From it, a large, gray monster emerged.

"L-Luciano..! Behind you!" I exclaimed.

The monster suddenly lunged towards us, but Luciano moved swiftly enough to get us out of the way. We somehow stumbled down on the floor, a few feet away from the creature. "T-Thanks." I said shakily.

"Che. These fucking creatures started acting up crazy ever since their main model got eliminated by that First Player." Luciano spat out, obviously irritated by the monster. He turned to me and spoke, "The First Players are somewhere on the second floor. Just get what we need. Go."

"What about you? That monster's dangerous!" I told him.

He gave a sarcastic laugh and a smirk. "Ragazza, you well know that I'm  the dangerous one here."

Somehow, even if it was uncalled for in this circumstance, I found myself giggling at his statement. I started walking away at a safe distance from Luciano and the creature.

In a split second, their fight began. Luciano started throwing his knives skillfully at the grey monster. The monster gets hit, but manages to retaliates. The fight was going well in favour of Luciano...but then, the monster pulls up a fast one and hits the auburn haired Italian's side. It seems as though Luciano was critically hurt.

"Ugghh..." he coughed out.

"Luciano!!!" I yelled. Panicking, I waved my hand in front of me to check if I could monitor his stats. ...And I could. I saw his HP bar was dangerously low.
