

Actually, after seeing those strange memories, we couldn't tell which ones were real and ended up suffering from symptoms similar to a mild memory loss." Japan said, looking a little troubled at the thought.

Italy sighed and gave a bittersweet smile. "I thought you'd cut me loose for being useless, so I ended up guiding you."


--Ch7--


"We were shown a few different patterns in our past actions, but it was different for Japan." China said, his gaze landing on the island nation.

Russia cupped his chin. "Japan was the only one who could see what would happen in the future."

"Indeed. I realised that I could save my friends' lives if I could see the future instead of the past and use it to our advantage." Japan told them.


America placed an arm over Japan's shoulder and gave a thumbs up. "Hey! Don't forget you finally found us!" he said, laughing.

"Oh, well. We took refuge in the cell in the basement, but we couldn't open it from the inside." France explained.

Prussia grinned. "We were confined there until Japan and the others showed up. But! We were finally all assembled!"


--Ch8--

"Yeah, but... well, I was a little late to make my appearance, but I finally got to act as the hero!" America beamed.

Japan gave a sigh of relief. "I'm glad we were able to save Italy from danger."

"In reality, I was supposed to sacrifice my own life so that everyone else could escape. To tell the truth, I considered doing yet another loop. I thought I'd failed.

After all... I'm the only one who can go back in time."  Italy said sullenly.

Canada hugged Kumajiro tighly. "We fought a lot. We were very weary afterwards, so we were very grateful for the base that Germany had prepared for us."

"I could finally provide a place to rest, and I also felt a strange sense of security...

We slept one night, and then, when we thought that Italy would finally tell us what he was thinking..." Germany said slowly.

Italy stuck out his tongue and scratched the back of his head. "Ah~ Sorry about that. I locked everyone up in the cell to come up with a plan to get them to escape, but I really hadn't expected my brother and Spain to come."

"Ah, but it wasn't everyone--wasn't it?" Russia asked.