
Raising an eyebrow, Luciano snapped a finger in front of me. "Hello? Ragazza, have you seen a clock here?" he asked again.
"H-Huh? I...have no idea what you're talking about.. But, uhm, didn't you bring out a whole of box of them earlier?" I said nervously, praying that he won't notice my bag on the floor. It's open, but the clock isn't visible, so hopefully he wouldn't notice it.
Tilting his head, he looked at me, slightly unconvinced by what I said. "Really, now?"
"Yes...really." I replied, feeling the atmosphere starting to get a bit tense.
Slowly, Luciano stepped beside me and whispered in my ear. "Then why do I hear a clock ticking in your bag?"
Before I could even react, the Italian man suddenly swooped down and picked up my bag. "Hey!" I exclaimed, grabbing his arm to retrieve my belonging.
"Why do you have this with you?! Why did you take it?!" he asked me, keeping his grip on my bag.
Shaking my head, I replied, "To be honest, I don't even know! But I did plan on finding out! I didn't even take it; it was there all this time."
"It...It was? Are you sure you didn't get it here in the mansion?" he asked, looking a bit confused.
Feeling a bit taken aback by what he said, I widened my eyes. "I...You know what? How should I know? I don't even remember much about...anything else, other than what you guys have told me!"
Luciano fell silent upon hearing my words. Seeing his reaction, I pulled my bag towards me. "But now, I'm starting to think that the clock might give me some answers." I said.
With a look of dread, Luciano tightened his grip on my bag and shook his head. "No! It-It doesn't have the answers you want!" he shouted.
Staring deeply into his magenta-coloured orbs, I spoke in a soft voice, "But it has the answers that I need, right?"
Luciano stayed silent for a moment, but surprised me by forcefully pulling my bag towards him, thinking I'd lose my grip on it.
But I didn't.
Then, like one of the most cliche things ever...we both fell down on the floor.
"Oww.." I groaned from the sudden happening.
Luciano placed a hand on my cheek and spoke, "...Mi dispiace...(Second Name)..."
"It's...alright, I guess." I replied, not meeting his gaze.
Sighing, Luciano spoke once more, "...Look, I... The truth is, I can't explain everything to you just yet...because if I did, you wouldn't understand."
"How...How would I not understand?" I asked him, feeling confused.
He ran his fingers through his auburn hair. "Well...your memories...We don't really know what the exact reason was for you to have amnesia. What we do know is that you practically forgot about everything. Everything that you weren't supposed to forget at the moment."
"At the moment?" I raised an eyebrow. Luciano flinched a bit, then spoke, "Y-Yeah, but that's for a later discussion. Right now, we need to figure out how to get you back your memories of....all those that were important."