
"You, too? And...and she was just in the halls earlier?" Canada inquired.
Nodding, Italy replied, "Yes... I'm not sure where she is right now, though... By the way, when I spoke to her, I introduced myself as 'Italy', but she grew confused. She thought I meant, 'Italian'... I even introduced myself as 'Feliciano', but she didn't recognise that name, either. Canada, I think... no, I believe that (Name) lost her memories."
"...Amnesia, you mean...? So, that's why she didn't remember me?" Canada said, sounding a bit hopeful. Turning to Italy, he spoke, "Wait...how did that happen? Did the Second Players do it?"
"Mhmm...I'm still not sure about that. It's possible, I mean, she referred to herself as, '(Second Name)'... Didn't my 2P counterpart refer to her by that name before?" Italy told him.
Canada looked up in thought. "..'(Second Name)'...Yeah, she did refer to herself by that name...huh...she didn't recognise us as, as what she had called, 'Hetalia characters', too. How far was her memories erased? Why would those Second Players go as far, I mean... You know, if you think about it: why did they do that only now? If this was to bring her to their side, why didn't they do it before?" he said softly, a frown still prominent in his face.
"Actually, what if it wasn't the Second Players?" Italy suggested.
Facing Italy, the Canadian asked, "What do you mean?"
"Well, you see, I'm aware that I have also had my fair share of forgetting and losing my own memories... I was thinking...what if something similar happened to her? She's just a (age)-year old girl... She might have proven herself as braver than average, but in the end... she's still a young girl who's never experienced anything as...horrifying as this mansion." Italy said, starting to feel bad for the girl. "Don't forget...what we saw last time... She-She found out that it wasn't her first time loop. She...she saw her own lifeless body with her very eyes. Surely, that will take a toll on anyone..."
"You're right...I'm sorry... I just... I just feel really bad right now about all this. This is my fault...maybe if I didn't go as far as telling her about the plan against the 2Ps...maybe she could still be here with us in this room...maybe she would still have her memories of us." Canada sighed.
Shaking his head, Italy placed a hand on Canada's shoulder. "No... This is not your fault at all. To be honest, if you didn't tell (Name), then she might not have been able to stop our fight against the Second Players. Someone could've died during that battle."
"...But..."
"Canada...I understand that it's hard to be forgotten, but...as someone whose memories have not been fully restored either.... It's also difficult to know or to realise that you've forgotten someone or something important to you. (Name) obviously didn't choose for her memories to be erased, so we should also think how she'd feel once she finds out that there's someone she had forgotten even if she didn't want to..."
The Canadian's violet eyes started to widen as he realised what Italy had said. He was right. It wasn't just him to be considered about this matter. "Yeah...that's true... I'm sorry. I've never thought about that..."
"But don't worry, Canada! It'll all work out. She'll remember us again eventually. I mean, my fratello helped me out remember and sort out things little by little. That's why I was able to gather my memories about this mansion back. It takes a while, but I know I'll be able to recall everything again soon. Same will go for (Name)!" Italy reassured him, smiling warmly.