


The albino turned his head towards the bed. "Hold on--three....what the?!" he exclaimed and looked around the room frantically. "Where's the frau?!"

"Hmm? A girl, you say? Ohohohohon. What were you guys up to here, exactly?~" France joked.

Prussia punched his friend's shoulder lightly. "Sh-Shut up! It's not like that! There was also a girl who went inside this haunted house. All of us have been in battle and we're nearing our limit."

"But do you see now? I just got here, so I'm as good as new!" France spun around, showing off his condition.

Prussia nodded. "Definitely... You don't have a single injury. Aside from your arm, that is. What the hell? Did we change places in time? That isn't even possible...

The frau with us has disappeared, too! Where on earth did she go?"

"Maybe she wanted to go to the bathroom?" France suggested.

Prussia creased his forehead. "Hmm. I didn't think of that." he said, still unconvinced. "...Then again, a lot of strange things have been going on in this house.

How come we didn't run into any of you, even though you were here first? Time itself is...all screwed up."

"Speaking of time, my watch is broken. Look. The hands keep going round and round." said the Frenchman as he studied his watch.

Prussia also lifted his wrist to inspect his watch, as well. "All our watches are broken, too. Maybe something screwed around with them... Why don't we join the others and try working over a counter-plan?"

"Well, then, let's go out for a moment." France told him.

Suddenly, they heard someone or something banging on the door.


Prussia's eyes darted at the door, noticing the presence of whatever was outside.


France raised an eyebrow. "Hm? What's that noise?"

"... Tsk! So it really was around here? Let's take care of it first and then join the others, okay?" Prussia told him tensely.

France gave him a confused look, his hands drifting to his side where he had a sword in its sheathe. "I don't really understand what's going on, but do I sense a fight? Why do I feel I should draw my sword?"


"Yeah. It's as fast as it's big, so be careful." Prussia warned.
