
"There it is." I muttered to myself as I quickly picked up my bag that was placed in a corner. I heard something clink, like something fell to the floor. Looking down, I didn't see anything. I don't have the time to look for whatever it was, anyway.
Slipping on the straps of my bag, I took a deep breath.
As I reached the door, which was left open by the Second Players, I paused for a moment. You know... if I stay here and get to convince them to stop, I could change the future. I could change that future where Italy would go through countless loops and see his friends die again and again.
I could.
But...I can't.
Because...that future is also where Italy finally came to realise that he isn't alone.
That future where everybody has learnt to finally get along.
That future where I...I actually met them. All of them, First Player and Second Player alike.
That future that had to go through many tragedies to be a present...if you think about it...it isn't so bad. It's a future that exists for a reason.
Solving my internal struggle, I smiled. I did what I knew would get me back there.
I ran.
=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=
///Third Person PoV///
Germany exited the room, walked left through the corridor and walked up the hall to meet up with Italy, who was by the right side of the hall.
"Hi, Germany~ How was I?" Italy asked.
Germany wiped his face before turning to Italy. "Hm? Oh. You were sleeping quite contentedly."
"I see. I must have felt content that I was able to protect everyone. But now I that content feeling is a mistake." Italy said, looking away.
Without knowing, tears began streaming down Germany's cheeks.  "Right. A mistake." he said, his voice cracking. This caused the Italian to look at him and see his state.
"Whoa! Don't cry, Germany~! I'm very much alive, and now I know better~" Italy tried comforting him.
Germany tried wiping away the tears.  "Sh-shut up! I'm mourning! How can you be so nonchalant about it?"
"Thank you, though. For crying for me. I'm so happy to have such a great friend~It's so good to have friends, isn't it? That's why I want to get out with everyone." Italy smiled.
Nodding, Germany spoke,  "Of course! And you shouldn't blame yourself or anything-"
"Veh~I've been considering-" Italy started, but stopped when he saw someone in the corner of his eye.
Germany creased his forehead. "Italy...? What's-!"
They both turned to see the person who stood across them in the hall. It was a blonde haired man with blue eyes, and wore a brown bomber jacket and rectangular glasses.
"Amer...ica..." Italy managed to say.
Germany started to panic internally. "Oh, no...He was supposed to think that Italy is dead! He shouldn't have run into us now-"
"--Hey , are you by any chance..." Italy said, stepping closer to where the American was.
Germany tried calling after the Italian. "H-hey! Italy!!"
"A-Al...fred?" Italy asked.