
---CHAPTER VIII: Two More Seconds (Part 1)---
//Third Person PoV//

"So, what did you want to tell me, Japan?" America asked, raising an eyebrow.
Japan crossed his arms and looked up. "You still have much strength left, don't you?"
"Yeah, I'm still a lot stronger than you guys." America replied.
Japan's nonreactive eyes then met with America's curious ones.
"In that case...
Why don't you try being a hero?"
America's face lit up with  Wow, now that's an interesting idea. Tell me more!
===
**England tries magic thing** //shot
"Shit! As I thought, I can't use my power." England said in an exasperated tone.
Uncharacteristically, America was pretty silent for a while...but then spoke,
"England."
"What?"
America faced him and crossed his arms. "You can stop the Thing for two seconds if you summon up all your magic power now?"
"Sh-shut up! Don't make that sullen face like Japan and _____ did!
You don't really believe me, do you?! You still think I'm strange?" England tried to defend himself.
America raised an eyebrow. "So? Can't you try doing better than that?"
"It might be longer if I try so hard that I'll pass out. I can't do it unless I get quite serious." He replied, looking away. "I-I can try doing it in three seconds at most."
The American let out a deep sigh of exasperation. "Haaa... Didn't you get it when you saw the dudette's face?"
"Well, I thought, 'That's harsh, haha!'..." England said, feeling a bit stung from recalling the previous event.
"England."
"WHAT?!"
America placed both his hands on other's shoulders and spoke in a low and serious voice,
"Two seconds is long enough.
....To save the life of one nation... you know."
England gave a look of puzzlement and furrowed his thick eyebrows.
"Sorry, but if you pass out, I'll carry you on my shoulders and run." America said, looking straight into England's emerald orbs. A moment of silence fell between them before the American spoke up once more--his voice almost cracking,
"So, would you be... my backup?"
England took deep breath. "......Talk."
---

"So, it looks like Italy could be in danger, so America said that we have to be ready to fight right away." The tall, Russian man explained.
"Ah, that's why he said he would go up and was doing the lookahead. But we are nations, aren't we? I don't see why he'd worry about something like that..." France shrugged.