
Noticing the length of their conversation, Russia spoke, "As long as you're sure you won't harm her. We need to speed this discussion up, they might get suspicious if I keep them waiting for too long. What am I supposed to do?"
"Oh, something effortless. All you need to do is keep a close eye on her. If she ever interacts with any other Second Player besides me, inform me about it. A simple text will do. That's it. It'll take a while for us to make a move to take her back, though. We're still fixing some unforeseen difficulties." Luciano explained.
Russia nodded, finding the condition easy enough. "Fine. Now, I need to take my leave, the others might be looking for me."
"Oohh. Missing your 'friends' already." Luciano teased.
Russia frowned. "Don't push it, Italian."
"Heh. Same to you. Keep your attitude to yourself. Ciao." Luciano said before ending the call.
Hearing the click on the other line, signalling the call ended, Russia placed his phone back to his pocket.
"Time to resume this...game."
///Reader's PoV///
Even though I already knew that another flight of stairs would appear, I still looked at it with awe. It looked really normal before, as if there were no sign that it was concealing another path. We stood in the hall for a fair amount of time, debating on whether or not to venture over there, and preparing weapons and such just in case it was dangerous. Pfft. "Just in case". Who am I kidding? It's obviously dangerous.
I turned to my right as I heard footsteps. It was from Russia, who seemed to have exited the mochi room just now. I feel as though I am forgetting something about him.
Breaking me from my thoughts, Japan spoke up, "There's another flight of stairs...Shall we go up?"
We all nodded, ready to face whatever was beyond those stairs. Cautiously, we made our way up the steps. As we reached the top of the stairs, we ended up in a room that was stained with so much blood and reeked just as much. Blood was on the walls, with giant handprints of seemingly the same liquid.  There was an entrance in front of us to another room, so we all took a deep breath and walked into the next room.  The room was just like the previous one, it had blood around. Looking down on the floor, we saw a some kind of giant clock that was written down with blood as well. In the middle, there was a blue switch.
The others scattered about, making their own observances of the room. I noticed Japan going around the room to talk with the other countries, just like in the game. I decided to join him, and he was more than happy to let me.
"This is real blood...And with the handprints on the entrance, this has to be the worst room ever." America said, feeling the chills the room gave.
We walked over to Russia, who was in the bottom left of the room. "I know it sounds odd coming from me...but this room is a little creepy." he told us with a troubled expression.
"What, you guys want a clue? Just look at the picture on the wall." Romano huffed, trying to hide the fact that the place is scaring him.
Spain was cupping his chin when Japan and I approached him. "It doesn't look like it's a dead end. There must be some kind of device somewhere." he told us.
"The temperature is strangely low in this room. It's freezing..." China told us as we walked up to him, while he was rubbing his arms for warmth.
England was over the right side of the room. He had a vexed expression when we walked up to him. "This feels too different from what we've seen so far. We may have got into the enemy's core." the Brit informed us.