
Or so I thought.
"J-Japan!!" I shouted as I saw the large monster getting near me.
Japan swiftly went out of the hidden room and looked at what made me frantic. "It's that Thing again! Quick let's run for it!"
I grabbed Japan's hand and ran out of the room. The Thing was still chasing after us. I decided to go to the safe room here.
The toilet.
When we were inside the restroom, everything became silent. It's gone.
"I think it's safe to go back now." I said as I let out a sigh of relief.
"Right."
We then went back to the Study room.
"Oh, you guys are back. Are you okay? Sorry you had to go through that." China said apologetically.
Japan shook his head. "No, on the contrary, I'm the one who should apologise for asking you to deal with this. We actually managed to escape easily."
"I wish it had been me instead, though... But you two are really fast, as well~" Italy complimented.
Canada walked over to me and gave my head a soft pat. "You guys did very well. And we found the clock!"
I smiled at him and looked at the clock. It was ticking ever so loudly.
"The key we found leads to the basement, right? Before we go, though, we have to settle this memory confusion." Russia told us.
Germany took a step forward and looked at us. "Each one of you has three minutes. If you have something to say, raise your hand."
England raised his hand slowly. "Er, can I go first, then?"
We nodded.
"I don't think it's just me, but... didn't you notice anything when you broke the clocks?"
China tilted his head and faced England. ".....You noticed it, too? Then it wasn't just my imagination."
Russia squinted. "You mean we all get false memories whenever we break a clock?"
"R-really?" Germany said, dumbfounded.
I wanted to say something, but all I could muster was, "..I..." No one heard me.
"....When we broke the clock in the piano room,I got memories of coming here with Japan and others. But..." China said, unsure.
Russia closed his eyes and nodded. "Yeah. Our memories are all tangled, but first, let's try to remember how we started."
"It all started at the world meeting. We were all gathered in a single place, including those who are missing now." England explained.
Japan agreed and continued for England. "Right. There is no doubt that this was where we started. So, America had heard rumours about this mansion and said he wanted to come to see what it was like."
"The meeting had ended and we had nothing better to do, so I came with America, China, Russia, France, and England..." Canada said softly.
"We also invited Japan, but he didn't come. That's why I sent him a message right before I came into the mansion." China added.
Germany crossed his arms. "When he saw that message, Italy began to say that he wanted to come, too, and the three of us headed here, along with my brother."