
"My
... my future self who is watching this!
There is no time to explain much.
If by any chance Italy dies, find the journal!
In return, you'll get his memories as well as my life! Go back without fail! Go back in time!!
Sa......Italy"

~=-~-=~=-~

The message quickly ended and the hologram disappeared in a blink of an eye, causing us to be quite confused.
England looked over the box again and let out a soft, "Huh?"

Russia turned to the blonde Brit and asked, "Er... England? You were pretty worn-out. What happened?"

Japan was taken aback upon trying to analyse what we heard earlier. "Journal? Does that mean---W-wait a minute. What does that---"

"--So, that was a message to England in the future? And he said something about going back in time or something like that, right?" America cut in.

Canada nodded. "And he also told us to 'find the journal'..."

"...'My future self?' Was he talking about... me?" England wondered out loud.

Japan cupped his chin and tried to think. "But Italy is alive... and 'the journal' ,that's not very specific, is it?"

"Oh. There's something else inside the box!" America told us.

The tall Russian man walked over to it and lifted an object the box stored. "It's a clock. The usual thing. And also...a letter, apparently. But it has no address..."

"A letter?" Japan asked, raising an eyebrow.

I stepped over to where they were and asked for the letter. While the others were inspecting the clock, I went beside Japan and had a word with him.

"Japan...this letter...I know who it's for." I told him.
The slim Japanese man tilted his head and ushered me to tell him. I motioned him to come closer so that I could whisper to him what he needs to know about the letter.
When I finished explaining, he looked at me and gave a small smile. "... Ah. I see. I will give it to him later."
Canada tapped my shoulder and asked, "Well, what are we going to do now?"
"Well, it's only a suggestion, but...why don't we break the clock?" Japan said.
America suddenly jumped and got taken aback when he heard that. "What?! Wh-Why?"
"Somehow, I have a feeling that it is hiding the clue that England just gave us. Besides, whenever we break a clock, I can catch a glimpse of future events..." Japan explained.