
The girl turned around to find the source of the voice: it was a young man wearing a tan military outfit with auburn hair along and a strange curl sticking out on a side. What struck to her the most was the man's piercing magenta eyes...that seemed to somehow reflect...sadness? She couldn't tell exactly what it was, but there was just something about that made her feel a little uneasy.
It was a familiar feeling, but at the same time...it was unfamiliar.
"Hey...you...I..." the (h/c) haired girl started, walking over to the magenta-eyed Italian.
Giving her a confused and almost seemingly hopeful look, Luciano raised an eyebrow at her. "What is it?"
"Do I...know...you...?" she asked softly as she gazed into the Italian's magenta orbs, as if searching for an answer from them.
Raising his hand, he gently pat the girl's head and spoke,
"Of course you do, (Second Name)."
=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=
//Saferoom//
"Well?" the Northern Italian asked, tapping his fingers on the table impatiently.
They were gathered around this long wooden table at the saferoom, their place of refuge. Although that is what it originally is, everyone in the room simply feels agitated and uneasy about the discussion they were having. Italy was actually holding the meeting, strange and uncomfortable as it might sound. He may have been that oblivious guy who would keep mentioning "pasta" during conferences, but that was before they entered that damn mansion. Now, Italy had accumulated so much strength, emotionally and physically, as well as having the confidence that would make the others take him seriously.
America looked down. "...It was...for a good cause." he reasoned.
"And when is attempted murder considered a good cause?!" Italy clicked his tongue.
Shrugging, China raised his hand. "Ah...well, when it's the monster, it is, aru."
"But they weren't those Things, weren't they?!" Italy shouted, his frustrations almost nearing its limit.
France couldn't help but scoff. "They weren't...but they were still monsters, weren't they?"
"That's right. What if all they've told us was just a ploy for us to go along with them? They already admit that they were out to kill us, you know. It was more of a....self-defence." Prussia said.
"Self-defence is when you defend yourself when they attack you. In your case, you guys were the one who attacked!" Italy told them.
Hearing the truth made them freeze.
No matter how much you look at it, they were the ones who attacked the Second Players first. Their enemies even told them that their purpose their wasn't to hurt any of them--though they also did say it was only for that moment..which meant that they did have plans against them...but they weren't going to do anything at that time.
But...
"But those monsters had to be dealth with sooner or later, si? We just chose to do it sooner." Spain said looking down.
Romano nodded. "That's right..."
"No! That's not right!" Italy shook his head.
Soon enough, bickering started. Arguments on what was right, what they thought were right, what was wrong, what they thought was wrong...everything just started to go into a senseless debate that no one was winning. One side stating that it was clearly wrong to fight, and the other stating that it was fair because they were fighting against the monsters that got them into this horrid mansion.