

After a moment, my mom spoke in a serious tone, "(Name), is--"
"Poppet." I suddenly heard someone speak in a thick British accent.
I turned to my right to find the source of the voice. When I did, I was so surprised that I accidentally pressed the button to end the call with my parents.
Just a few steps away from me was a man with strawberry blonde hair and baby blue eyes. He was wearing the same brightly coloured sweater vest and bow tie...but what stood out from him the most was his bloodied arm that's covered with bandages made from cloth.
"O-Ollie! What....What happened to you?!" I exclaimed.
He stepped closer to me and covered my mouth with his hand. "Shh. Poppet, we need to keep quiet. And, I'm fine now, really, so don't worry..." he told me with a small smile.
I nodded, then spoke, "I've been worried about you... I didn't hear from you ever since I passed through that freaky mirror. You weren't even there when I found at that the 2Ps didn't have my--"
I stopped.
".....my parents. I almost forgot...you were in on that plan, too." I said, gritting my teeth.
He pulled me into a tight hug. "Oh, poppet. Forgive me. I really am sorry. I wanted to confess to you about that, but...they kept me away. They prevented me from doing so. I'm telling the truth, honest."
Seeing the sincerity in his words, I nodded. Then, something else came to mind. "Kept you away? Oh. Were you the one in the sack they had with them?" I asked when we broke the hug.
There was something strange about the look on Oliver's face when he heard my question, but he seemed to brush it off and shook his head. "No... They locked me up and had the other guys watch over me. Allen and Matthew wanted to help me out, but they ended getting tied up, too."
"Ah... so that's why you guys weren't there." I realised.
Oliver placed a hand on my shoulder. "Yes..." he suddenly looked away from me. "Poppet....remember the first time we met in this mansion?"
"When...When we met in the library?" I recalled, giving him a curious look.
He nodded. "That's right... That time...I gave you some sort of proposition, correct?"
"Y-Yeah...what about it? I'm sorry but, Ollie, I won't help in getting rid of the First Players, let me be clear on that." I told him with a frown.
The Brit shook his head and gave me a sad smile. "No, (Name)...this one's different."

"....W-What is it?" I asked nervously.
Oliver looked at me straight in the eyes with his blue coloured orbs,
"How about I send you back home, poppet?"