
"O-Oh, yeah.. How could I forget about that? Hahaha. I'm, er, actually preparing for it right now." I said in yet a very *convincing* manner once more. I was still holding on to my stock of food, though.
"Hmm? Really now? Well, all right.. Just don't forget to pack some clothes, toiletries, essentials, and all the other things you need for our stay there. Got it?" She said.
"Yes, ma'am!" I said, even giving here a salute...using my left hand, though. One, because, that's the Hetalian way. Lol. And another thing would be the food I was holding up with my right arm. My mother than went back to the living room.
"Okie~ Now, do I need anything else from this fantastic contraption called the 'fridge'?" I said to myself as I rummaged through the contents of it once more.
Suddenly, someone tapped my shoulder. Probably mom again.
"Yes, mom. I'll fix my stuff as soon as I finish eating and--" I turned around but was surprised to see no one. Was it just my imagination? I scanned the room again. My eyes then spotted a pink cupcake with little blue sprinkles on top of it. Where did this come from?
Oh well. Free cupcake.
I grabbed the cupcake, and along with the other food, I headed for my room upstairs.
I checked up on my download. Only 5 minutes left. I decided to fix up the bag that I'll be bringing over to Auntie's house later. I placed *coughthrewcough* my clothes in the bag, toiletries, essentials, etc., chargers, gadgets, the stock of food I got so it wouldn't be a waste, a flashlight for spooky stories with cousins... hmm what else? I couldn't think of anything else so I just threw in whatever I saw in my drawers: a swiss knife, some band-aids? Aw heck, I'll just put in my small med kit in here. Hmm.. And a notebook. So that, if I get bored, I could just draw or write some things down. I mean, Auntie's house is in the woods, so there might not be much to do.
Alrightie~ I'm done with this preparing chiz!
I placed the bag beside me on my bed and I then turned my attention to my laptop. The download's done! I extracted the files and started munching on some biscuits.
I double clicked on the game icon and saw the word "HetaOni" flash on the game window. Of course, I made a "new time loop", meaning a new game.
Hence, the game begins...
----
A deserted house in the mountainAbout three hours on footFrom the world summit place.
No one knows how long it has been thereOr...who used to live in itRumours said that it was...haunted.
~~
---CHAPTER I : The Mansion Where None Should Enter---
Italy: Ve~ It's really here!
Japan: I thought it was just a rumour. I never thought we would actually find it...
Prussia: It has such a desolate feel... Not bad.
Germany: I don't think it's very interesting though.
Japan: Me neither. Can't we just look at it from the outside and then go back?
========My fangirl heart was not liking this. Noooo. They're right. They should leave the mansion alone. That's what they should've done in the first place.. but yeah..we can't do anything about it now. I pressed the "z" button again for the game to proceed.========