
"OW!" Prussia yelled out in pain.
Japan clicked his tongue as he still felt the previous shock. "Tch...!"
"America! Be a little more careful when you do something!!" China scolded.
America quickly backs off the switch. "Ack! I-I'm sorry! It was my fault."
"If you don't solve it correctly, we take a hit...Chigii!! That fucking hurts, you bastard!!" Romano shouted, raising his fist.
Spain saw his friend seemed to be unaffected by what happened. "Hm? France, you don't look like you're in much pain. Did you enjoy the pain?" he asked. I laughed. I blame my dirty mind.
"Well, if a lady or gentleman wants me to-I mean, it didn't hurt me that much. It was just static eletricity." France said in flirtatious voice, but changed it quickly when he realised that that wasn't the answer.
I nodded. "Yeah, same goes for me."
"Oh, France and (Name) are standing on one of the numbers...Then...er...that means...Maybe...we have to stand on the numbers and press the switch?" Canada guessed.
Italy shook his head. "Oh, erm-"
"Well--" I tried to speak out.
Germany crossed his arms and looked at Italy and I. "Hey, you two be quiet! Now, each one of us is going to stand on a number."
"Right." England said as we began looking for a number to stand on.
Italy stood on number 12, Canada on 1, England on 2, Prussia on 4, Japan on 5, Germany on 6, America on 7, Russia on 8, Romano on 9, Spain on 10, and China on 11. France was kind enough to let me take his place on number 3, so he was the only one who doesn't have a number to stand on.
"Well then, France, please press the switch." Germany said.
I met eye-to-eye with Italy, both of us had sorry looks on our faces as France stepped on the switch.
Another shock of electricity surged throughout the room, the other countries yelled out in pain. "Sh-Shit. France, we got it wrong, step away from that now!" Prussia shouted.
"Argh...Pain is pleasurable...but this isn't the kind of pain Big Brother wanted to receive." France groaned as he stepped away from the switch.
I looked at them, wanting to tell them the answer straight out, but decided against it. "I hope you guys don't mind if I drop a clue. All I can give you is ...'the time with no moon'..." I told them.
"The moon..." Japan muttered.
Italy nodded and seemed to have caught my drift. "Ve, by the way, Japan can solve this. I mean, if it weren't for Japan, maybe we wouldn't have solved it..."
"Yeah, you're right. The moon isn't just that thing in the sky, is it?" Romano thought out loud.
China looked up in thought.  "...Hm?! I think I kind of got it." he said, snapping his fingers as his gaze met up with Japan's.
"...Other than the 'moon' in the sky...The Japanese lunar calender...? The first month is Matsuki, the second month is Kisaragi. And the third month is...Yayoi...!!" Japan paused at the sudden realisation. "It doesn't have the kangi for 'tsuki' inside! And 'tsuki' or 'zuki' means 'moon' in Japanese!"
"I see. So, (Name) will step off number 3." France said, thinking he understood.
With an uneasy look on my face, I stepped off the number.