
China snapped his fingers. "Oh! By the way, why were those clothes smeared with tomato?! I thought it was blood!"
"Well, you see, some time after I woke up this morning, we encountered that creature yet again... Italy had just been waking up and was quite surprised; he began yelling at it to get away and throwing at it to make it go away, but they ended up hitting me in the back instead. After we defeated it, the smell was really bothering me, so I threw it into the fireplace." Japan explained.
As the two were chatting, Russia went over to the drawers, looking for something.
"Oh, if I remember correctly, you had a change of clothes because you were staying at Germany's place the day before the meeting, right?" China asked.
Suddenly a loud noise was heard. They realised that it was Russia who was hitting something with his pipe.
"Ah."
Japan turned his head to Russia. "What is the matter, Russia?"
"Um, there was this clock that was moving like crazy... I'm sorry. The tick-tock was too loud, so I broke it with my pipe." Russia told him.
"A clock?" Japan said curiously.
He then rushed over to Russia's side.
Japan eyed the clock and cupped his chin. "A clock... Now that you mention it, we can't tell what time it is in this place. Our watches are all out of synchrony."
"They're really strange. Even though we came here ahead of Japan's group, they've been here longer. By the way... it's 11:42 on my watch." China said as he raised his wrist up to check his watch.
Japan did the same and had a surprised look on his face. "Oh!"
"I-it's 11:42 on mine, too! But it was 6:00 just a moment ago..." He said, confused.
Russia tilted his head. "Do you think maybe it's because I broke the clock?"
"That's possible. At least in this room the time is right. Maybe we can get the flow of time back to normal if we break the clocks." China suggested.
Japan nodded. "Then we'll break the clocks in every single room we get in. If we do that, maybe...
Maybe......we can help...France and...America...Right?" He said slowly.
Suddenly, the ringing of a cellphone was heard.
"Russia, it's your cell phone." China pointed.
Russia beamed childishly. "Amazing~ As soon as the time got right, the phone also began to work? Or not. The antenna isn't up.
Anyway, I'm going to answer it. And I'll make it so that the both of you can hear it, too.
... Who is it?"
No one spoke on the other side of the line, but a sound of a piano was heard.
After that, the call ended.
" ... Looks like it got cut off." Russia said.
"It's a bug!" China exclaimed.
Japan shook his head. "I've never heard of a "phone bug"... What we just heard was a piano."
"A piano... Anyway, we have nothing else to do here, so let's go back to England." Russia suggested.