
"Whoa! Y-you mean these? We found them lying on the floor in the annexe. Do you know what they are?" Japan asked.
Spain tilted his head. "Oh? Those are the 'lumps of magic' that England was talking about. I wonder why there were some in the annexe, too?"
"Huh. Good thing we picked them up, then. It was just like I said." Prussia said as a matter-of-factly.
England took the lumps in his hands. "Oh! And there was this much?! Now I'll get back a considerable amount of my power."
A bright light illuminated the room.
"Yes! This is a good omen. I think I'll give it a shot, this room is a little dirty; I'll clean it up! Here we go!! Hoata~!" England exclaimed, raising his hands. At that, light flashes around the room, resulting into having the room cleaned.
Japan looked amazed.  "Oh. You definitely put it in order. For that power, it's normal- I mean-"
"You saved us the cleaning work. So, what are we going to go now? We have so much to do that I'm in a jumble!" China said, rubbing his temples.
France turned to the others. "America seems to be having a hard time, so I guess we should go this time?" he asked, then turned to his albino friend. "So, what happened to your sword?"
"Yeah, it broke. It must have been from using it all the time in battle. What am I going to do now? I can't fight barehanded." Prussia sighed, slumping on a chair.
Romano snapped his fingers. "Oh! That reminds me, my bullets weren't coming out, either! Potato-oh, he's in the bath..." he realised.
"Ah-hah, so that was really West's? Let me see it. I'll fix it for you." Prussia offered, which Romano accepted.
Japan took a deep breath. "This is very troublesome. However, we have also gone through a continuous series of battles. Why don't we take a break until those three come out of the bathroom?" he suggested.
France looked down. "...Oui...that sound's good...but..."
"...But what?" Prussia asked while he was fixing the gun.
Shrugging, France looked at them. "Aren't we forgetting about our other agenda?"
"Ah, you're right...We tried looking for wherever they may be hiding...but to no avail." Japan said, understanding what France was referring to.
Catching on, China cupped his chin. "Hmm. Why don't we just wait for them to face us, again, aru?"
"But won't they be planning on attacking us first?" Spain told them.
Sitting down, Japan spoke, "...Well, that's a given, but what if we just think ahead ofthem? Make a strategy or something, that way, even if they are prepared...we're still the ones with the upper hand."
"That could work..." Romano commented.
France's eyes landed upon the (h/c) haired girl's sleeping form. "Huh. I just remembered this...didn't they make the jeune fille work for them before? Does that mean she knows where their base is? Or have a contact at least?"
"She might...but do you think she'd agree to...to this?" England asked.
Canada frowned.  "...I don't think--"
"Of course she would. Isn't she mad at them for lying to her and for making her work for them?" China told them.
Japan nodded. "Even if she doesn't agree with this...it's for the good of everyone. If those 'Second Players' are the ones responsible for keeping us locked up in this mansion, we need to fight back."