
"Oh..." Japan gulped.
Prussia froze and looked like he can't even breathe. "Wait-I -it broke!! My awesome sword broke!!"
"A-all right! Then I'll--" Romano pointed his gun at the monster and pulled the trigger, but no bullets came out. "What? The bullets won't come out, dammit!"
Japan creased his forehead. "Look out! In front of you-Oh, good grief! Just stand back, you two! I will--" before Japan could even attack, the creature lunged at him. Luckily, Romano was able to push Japan away from it.
"W-watch out!! What the hell, it got absurdly fast! And it tore my clothes a little, the fucking bastard!"  Romano said, clicking his tongue.
Prussia just stared at his broken sword.  "M-My--my awesome sword! MY SWOOORRD!"
"Excuse me! You're in the way! You're going to get hit! Aaargh!" Japan told the albino, but then almost got attacked by the monster instead.
Romano also started to panic. "Japan!"
=-=-=-=-=
"O-Oh my god! They're in trouble! I almost forgot about this!" I exclaimed.
I quickly got up from the bed and dashed over to England. "E-England! You know how to teleport people, right?!" I asked frantically.
The blonde Brit raised an eyebrow at me. "Well, I believe I could, love, yes. But, uhm, what for?
"Japan and the others are in danger right now! They need to be transported here, now! As in--right. now." I told him in a panicked tone.
Sensing my distress, he raised his sleeves a little. "A-Alright, alright! I get it. Stand back..."
"Okay..." I said, taking a few steps back. England then raised his hands and recited some incantation that made the ground in front of us to glow.
And in just a few moments, Japan, Romano, and Prussia began to materialise in front of us. Thank goodness. They were transported in time.
Japan was awestruck at the sudden change of surroundings. "What?!"
"Would you look at that! I actually did it!" England exclaimed, feeling a sense of achievement.
France walked over and stood beside me. "Ooh, amazing. Even I'm impressed!"
Romano gave a confused look. "W-We're saved?! Why all of a sudden-"
"Well, you see, when I was searching the fourth floor, I found some lumps of magic. I can only assume my past self left them. I don't know the details, but thanks to that, I got back a little more of my magic.
(Name) here told me that you guys were in trouble, so she asked me to teleport you guys back.
I actually planned on doing it sooner or later, since Italy was worried that you wouldn't come back, and America is sulking about something."
"I'm not sulking..." America pouted.
Russia chuckled. "He started explaining to us that he could do a lot of great things now that he had some of his magic back. Just in time, (Name) panicked about you guys and got him to teleport you guys just like that. It was amazing~"
"I understand that this was for a good cause, but this should be the last time you do something like that!" America shouted.
Canada went to calm his brother down. "America, what's wrong with you? You haven't been yourself for a while now."