
Russia then spoke, "I'm Russia. Oh and...before anything else...Why did you go here of all places?"
Italy then gives me weird..or should I say suspicious smile. "Ve~ That's right...we forgot to ask you that question, too, bella."
As much as possible, I don't want to lie to them. I can't tell them that I don't really belong here. Well, I think..I don't.. I don't know... Ugh... I'll...just tell them what they're asking for...
After a short moment, I spoke up.
"A-Actually... I was on my way to my Aunt's house together with my parents. I fell asleep in the car and..when I woke up, I couldn't find my parents.. I saw this place and assumed that this was where they were...but I was wrong.. I tried to go back outside...but the door won't open anymore... "
"I see... so that's why I saw you at the front door.." Japan says.
I nod. "Yes.. but come to think of it...I never really confirmed whether my parents are here or not... I...don't think they are.... I hope..." I said, my voice getting softer and softer.
China then goes over and pats my shoulder to comfort me. "Poor thing, aru."
You may be being nice to me China, but I'm still bitter about you cutting me off earlier.
"A-Anyways... enough about me...err, uhm... I think you guys were supposed to have a meeting, right?" I asked.
"You're part of this meeting, too." Germany told me.
"O-Oh.. Thanks.." I smiled. At first I wasn't that comfortable because I was feeling out of place.. now, it's sort of nice to sorta belong..
Japan then stood up. "Alright.. Now, without further ado, I'll explain our situation.
First, as you know, I received a message from China saying that you had arrived here, and Italy thought it would be interesting and wanted to come as well.
So Germany, Italy, Prussia and I came here. First, I went to take a look around, but in the meantime, that monster you saw before appeared and attacked them."
"W-were you all right after that?" England asked.
Italy nodded. "Yeah, somehow. For better or worse, it seemed to be targeting me, and I'm good at running away, so I got to escape."
"You got away?! That's amazing..." China said.
I then decided to sit on the chair on the far right, near the not-yet-fully-forgiven China and the oh-so-gentleman England.
I was listening to the meeting...but out of the corner of my eye, I saw that Italy went by the fireplace.
"While I was in search of the others, I happened to bump into _____-chan. Then, both of us went to look for Prussia, and Italy.
Eventually, while we didn't know the true nature of that thing, we all got together again and spent the night in this room, with a sense of security because we had the key to it." Japan told them.
Russia raises an eyebrow. "The night..."
Canada spoke up softly. "Th-that really is odd... I mean, we?Oh, I'm sorry. Please, go on."
"We've run out of firewood. Can I burn this wooden box?" Italy asked.
Germany nods. "Yes, let's burn anything that can be used as fuel."
Japan then continues. "We decided that one of us should keep watch and Prussia kindly took up this duty, but maybe because of our sense of security, the four of us fell into a deep sleep..."