
semestral break by playing the game 'HetaOni' the whole day. That was the plan--ah, but...I forgot that my parents planned a trip for us, so I had to scratch that one out. That day, though, I found something strange and interesting.

I found a cupcake.

Thinking that one of my parents left it for me, I ate the dessert. It was heavenly!

...Ah, but the problem was--my parents told me that neither of them knew of the cupcake, so it led me to become uneasy and suspicious about it. I was told to not mind it that much, so I tried to keep it off my system. With one last look at the splendid isolation hub of mine known as my room...I left the house with my parents.

....Little did I know that I was being watched."

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

--Chapter 2--


Japan sighed and spoke, "He who fights and runs away may live to fight another day, as the saying goes.

After battling the monster, I met (Name)-chan. She had mistaken the mansion to be her aunt's residence and went through the front door. How that was possible, we do not know. What we do know, is that she is also trapped here in the mansion with us. So, we had her join us for her safety.

"Yup. During our trip, I fell asleep in our car. When I woke up, I was alone. Taking a look outside, I saw the mansion and thought my parents were inside...but it seems I was wrong.

Even if I was very confused as to why I was in a place that was supposed to be pure fiction... I ended up accepting my fate and joined Japan in search of the other countries." (Name) explained.

Japan gave a small smile. "We were able to meet up with Prussia, Germany...and a mochi!"




--Chapter 3--



Japan continued, "Moreover, (Name) and I searched around. I was able to reunite with Prussia and then with Italy, as well."

Italy smiled. "We were finally together again, but we were really tired and left one of us to keep watch while the rest of us slept."

"We really appreciated that, Watcher." Japan teased.

Prussia pouted. "You'll pay for that, you bastards... --ah! Except you, frau!" he said, his tone changing halfway. "You know, I kept waiting for someone to say, 'I'll relieve you, Prussia, sir,' but not a single one of the guys woke up."

Germany crossed his arms. "Rules are rules. Don't you think it's better to recover all at once than relieve one another and remain tired?"