
He suddenly pat my head and spoke, "...We didn't. You know what, we'll just take the metal piece ourselves."
"Wh-What do you mean?" I asked, confused.
Luciano looked at me in the eyes with a strange look. "It means...after us Second Players take care of these First Players...we're letting you go safely. You...and your parents."
"W-Wait! Why--" I was going to ask him but before I could finish, he made his way towards the others and fought alongside his comrades against the 1Ps. They were all looking so tired by now. Both parties had their fair share of injuries, of cuts, bruises and clothes stained with blood. I feel so helpless. I feel so useless.
What am I going to do now? I have so many things that I need to tell the First Players so they'd understand...but will they still listen to me? Probably not.
As I have expected....they all probably hate me now.
The Second Players, too. I just...I don't understand them! One minute their pulling me down and making the 1Ps hate me...the next minute, they assure me of my safety. I don't understand... There are so many things that I don't know anymore.
I have to try...
I have to explain...
No...wait...
This is it!
This...this could be the time for them to explain how they see each other.
Maybe all their grudges were from some kind of misunderstanding or something?
It's...it's worth a shot, right?
I clenched my fists and cautiously stepped closer to the First Players and Second Players still fighting and lashing out their pent-up anger against each other. Who am I supposed to approach? Of course, I need to tell the First Players the truth...but who's going to listen to me...?
While I was slowly walking amidst their fight scene, I saw Japan fend back his 2P counterpart, causing the latter to fall backwards at a distance. I took this opportunity to try and explain to Japan.
I nervously tugged on his sleeve. "J-Japan...Please listen to me...I'll tell you the truth... I'll explain everything...Please..."
"...Isn't it too late for that? And besides, how will I know if it's actually the truth?  What if you'll just say things to confuse me?" Japan said, giving me a cold stare.
Slightly flinching from Japan's words and treatment, I took a step back. "I'm sorry... I know that lying to you guys was wrong....and I know that I've broken your trust....but..please understand.... It's not like I wanted to do those things to you guys intentionally! I don't want anything bad to happen to you guys, I swear..."
"Don't you already know who these others are? Anything related to them is already bad...yet you decided to help them out." he said in a low voice.
I bit my lip and looked down. "B-Because I had to."
"Hmm?" he raised an eyebrow.
Looking up to meet his gaze, I spoke, "Japan...they have my pa---"
All of a sudden, Japan pushed me backwards to avoid getting hit by the muscular body of Germany, who was hurled towards our direction by his 2P. "Arghh....that bastard...." Germany groaned and winced in pain as his back hit the wall.
I was about to get up when I heard a faint clank.
A small object seemed to have fallen out of Germany's pockets and slid across the floor...over to me. I squinted at it and picked it up.