
Kuro is cold and judgemental, but is really good in martial arts and various sword forms.
Allen's really good in baseball. He's a vegetarian. He also likes to pick fights with Matt. Matt, on the other hand, is a strong fighter and usually wins against his brother. He hunts, not animals, but poachers---"
"You...what are you?" Matt asked me all of a sudden. It seems that they are quite puzzled as to why I know all these.
I smiled. "I'm a Hetalian. I'm one of your fans."
"You mean to say, that there are other people like you--who actually--wait!" Allen stopped for a moment but continued, "...doll, you're our fan?"
"Hmm? I thought you like those 'First Player' idiots?" Nikolai pointed out.
I shrugged. "Just because I like them, doesn't mean I don't like you guys--well, as fictional characters. I mean, as much as I wanted to fangirl about you real life 2Ps...I wasn't given the welcome I expected. You guys practically abducted me!"
They all seemed amused by this. "Sorry, honey, but it was necessary. We've planned for this for so long. And besides..." Flavio trailed off.
"In your world, we may be 'well-accepted'...but in this world, where it matters...we aren't." Zao continued for him.
I looked away. I haven't thought of that. Might as well tell them what's on my mind.
"Well, that may be so... I-I just thought, well, if fans are able to like both the 1Ps and the 2Ps...people could might as well do that here, too. I mean, it was uncalled for the 1Ps to banish you all...but isn't it the same to do it in their case? Can't this be worked out in some other way?"
Luciano gave a sarcastic laugh. "Ragazza, you know very well that it's not that easy. Maybe you're forgetting that...", he suddenly threw a knive that flew past me and hit the wall behind, "...that we are dangerous people. Those bastards won't allow us to do anything."
I shook a bit, gave a heavy sigh and spoke softly, but audible for them to hear, "...But it doesn't mean that you guys couldn't live like normal people, without feeling deprived of anything."
"Live normally? Hah. Those 'First Players' treat us like trash. They think of us as lower life forms. Who would let us live normally? Who would even accept us???" Luciano asked, starting to sound frustrated by our discussion.
"Given the circumstances that you wouldn't kill me, I would. I would accept you guys." I told them. "You guys exist. The mere fact that you guys still do is because you guys still have a purpose in this world. Sure, I know you guys are capable of murdering people...but if you guys learn to control that, you guys could still well, live 'normally'. Even not as 'normal' as others, but at least being 'yourselves'..."
"Unbelievable." Francois let out before resuming his slumber once more. At this, the whole room fell into silence.
Was it no use, after all?
I started to feel a sinking feeling in my chest. Maybe I could try talking to them, again? I cleared my throat and spoke, "Hey--"
"OH! Here it is! I finally got it!~" Oliver beamed.
The 2Ps turned to the colourful Brit upon his announcement. "About time, old man." Allen told him.
Oliver stood up from his chair and skipped over to the red haired America. "Here you go, Allen~" he said, handing the tan man a cupcake.
"A cupcake? The f--"
Suddenly, there was a flash of light that enveloped the room while Oliver chanted incoherent words. When everything turned back to normal, Oliver spoke, "There we go~ It may be a normal cupcake when eaten by others, but when eaten by specifically your little Stevie, he'll be big and powerful~"