
"We don't need them in this world, dudette. They're a danger to everyone, to anyone. We know because we know them. ...They were...mistakes. Something we regret. Something we don't need to see again. Something we should never have others know of." America shrugged and frowned.
Japan faced me and had a weird expression on his face. A face of pure annoyance at the thought of the Second Players. "Hai. They were meant to be kept away somewhere secluded. If they weren't, they would have probably caused...more wars. That's why it's necessary for us to banish them. They're monsters. Mistakes."
By this time, my thoughts became clouded. What's going on? Why are the 1Ps acting like that? I mean, the Second Players' bad sides are dominant, that's true. They're liars; murderous, and manipulative, too. I'm still very angry about what they've done, as well...but...
"...Monsters? Mistakes? Uhm, isn't that going a bit too far?... Well, uh, aren't they...well the same kind of being as you guys are?" I asked.
France gasped. "Fille! Don't put us in the same class as those...filth. They're nowhere near us."
"W-What? But, uhm ah...did they try talking it out to you guys before? Did you guys even try to sort things out first before considering the banishing thing? You guys did, right?" I looked back and forth at the countries, they all had irritated looks. It wasn't for me....it was for the thought of their 2Ps. It's like they absolutely loathe just speaking of their counterparts. This is odd. I've never seen the First Players act like this.
Prussia furrowed his eyebrows. "Even the thought of considering such thing would be useless, frau. They'd never listen. Ever since they had blood drop on their hands, they craved for it every minute, every second. They're evil. They'd never listen to reason. They're just as what the others have said: mistakes."
"...So you guys didn't..." I muttered under my breath. There was something very wrong. Why do I feel like the 1Ps are exaggerating it too much? It's true the nature of the 2Ps are like that...but they can listen to reason...they can...some can even change their hearts at their will... But...
Japan gave my head a gentle pat. "Sorry, (Name)-chan...this isn't really a pleasant subject for us to have. But, we're more concerned about you, actually.  Are you really alright now? I heard you have spent some time with them and..." he trailed off but paused when he noticed something on my face. He brought his hand to gently caress a part of my cheek. "....this...scar....Did they give this to you...?"
"...Y-Yeah...but it's just a small cut...Other than that, they never tried to hurt me at all..." I said, looking away and stepping back a little.
Canada looked up at me. "Hmm...It's possible they thought that if they did try to hurt you, it'd make you avoid them even more? I mean, they could've planned out to gain your trust first to make things easier for them or something..."
"...Oh. I...I've never thought of it that way..." I let out. That's a sound argument. They've deceived me enough by saying they have my parents, so it is really possible for them to fool me into thinking they'd never hurt me even after I work with them... That...could be it... That's...probably it, right...?
Prussia walked up to me and broke me from my thoughts by placing an arm over my shoulder. "Don't worry about those...'Second Players' anymore, frau. When we meet them again, we'll take care of it. They need to pay for causing you so much trouble."
"I-I guess... I don't want to think about them right now, too... I feel like getting a headache doing so..." I told him. Though, by that I meant...I feel very confused about something. Something just feels a little off... but I think it's best to take it off my thoughts for now. My mind deserves some peace.