
I turned to the others and spoke, "....The door...was left open?"
"Huh. Guess we were in such a rush that we forgot about that." the redheaded American suggested.
Clicking my tongue, I swung open the door. "That means....the ragazza..." I looked around the room.
Empty.
"You idiotas! I told you that she was our back-up plan! How could you all be so careless as to let her escape?!" I hissed.
Canada lifted up his shades and turned to England. "Old man, you can do magic, right? Can't you just wave a wand and bring her back here?"
"W-Well...yes. I can cast a spell to get her, that is true... but I don't have any idea where she could be. I mean, time has been rewinded...what if she was back at her home or something of the sort. We don't exactly have information on her." the strawberry blonde Brit explained.
Suddenly, we heard someone chuckle from the corner of the room. It was that redheaded guy, America. He was kneeling down on the floor, as if looking at something. Then, we saw him pick up a small object. He suddenly threw it at me. I caught it without problem.
It was a bag tag.
"Hmm. (Name) (Second Name) (Last Name). (Address). (Contact number)..." I read aloud. I began to laugh as I realised that this was the answer. Turning to England, I asked, "...This is enough information, si?"
The blue-eyed Brit nodded. "Yes. It's perfect." he smiled like a cheshire cat.

"Then work your magic." I said, smirking.
=*=*=*=*=*=*=
After that Brit casted a spell that brought him and myself to the girl's house, we decided to hide first and search separately to cover more ground.
England said he was going to go over to the kitchen, while I search the second floor. While I was going through what seemed to be her parent's room, I saw her walk up the stairs with a mountain of food...what caught my eye was a certain cupcake that seemed all too familiar. This must be that Brit's doing.
I made sure I wasn't seen, just peering through the door of the other room. Several minutes later, I saw her exit her room.
"See you soon, oh splendid isolation hub of mine~" she said, smiling.
I couldn't help but chuckle at her statement.
"I don't think you will, ragazza~"