

"YoU...WOn't...ESc...aPe..." they heard the creature whisper lowly. It was all they heard from it. It was always what they hear from it whenever they encounter that monster.


The two countries were fighting with all their might...but of course, their bodies would grow fatigued sooner...or later...


Japan managed to attack the monster on its side, making it step back a little. His lips curved upward slightly at what he'd done, but it disappeared when he felt his knees grow weak.  "Ugh..."


"Hey, are you all right?" England asked worriedly, looking at his side while slowing down the creature with his powers.


Frowning, Japan shook his head. "I'm sorry...to get down on my knees before the enemy..."


"Did you hurt your back?! Can you stand?! It's coming again!" England warned as he saw the monster preparing to lunge towards them once more.


Japan clenched his fists, feeling frustrated. "...To think I couldn't hold it for even five minutes...!"


"The enemy is so much stronger... Maybe it's because we're in the annex? At this rate, we're both going to get killed." England thought to himself, becoming frantic.


The Englishman's trail of thought was interrupted when he noticed his comrade...laughing for some reason. "...Huh." Japan said.


"What's the matter, Japan? What are you laughing at?" England asked him, totally confused by the Japanese man's actions.


Japan looked at his hands. Just like his, it was worn out with hints of blood, but Japan's...were also...shaking.  "I miss fighting with you like this. I haven't relished this tense feeling for a long time. I can't stop trembling with excitement...!" Japan told him, almost enthusiastically. Standing up, Japan bowed. "I'm sorry, I don't mean to be on my knees indefinitely. I just got a little overwhelmed with sentimentality."


England just looked at him silently for a moment. Noticing this, Japan tilted his head. "England?"


"...There's something I want to try. I don't know if it'll work, but will you help me?" he replied, his emerald eyes holding a hopeful glint in them.


Smiling at what he saw, Japan nodded. "...If there is anything this decrepit old man can do, I would be happy to."
