
---CHAPTER VII: Memories (Part 4)---
...And with that, the battle between them and the monster began.
Sword clashing, hits and blows, stuns and flashing lights...that's what they had.
While the four men were fighting, the girl who was standing behind them at a safe distance suddenly went up to them cautiously and said to them,
"Listen to me for a sec... Italy, I suggest you use Peperoncino to lower the enemy's speed and agility. Japan, you have a new skill called String. Germany's skill  Torture has leveled up to 30. Prussia, you have a move called, "If You Want To Die, Step Forward."
"Wh-What are you talking about?" Germany asked her, confused.
Japan was unfazed and nodded. "I see. We'll use all those skills."
They continued their battle, hitting with all their might and trying to avoid the blows towards them. The monster seems to be slowing down, but not yet that weakened.
"Argh... Why aren't my attacks doing enough damage..?" Prussia complained.
The girl opened her bag and grabbed a can.  "You're out of MP. Here, drink a beer first. Germany, cover us for a while."
While she handed the beer to Prussia, their Italian comrade got attacked by monster.
"O-Ow... I got hit a little..."
"Your HP's cut in half! Hurry, eat this." _____ said in a panicked manner as she held a rice ball in front of the Italy.
"The onigiri? B-Bella, now's not the time to e--mmphfff!" he got cut off when the girl literally shoved the food in his mouth.
"Italy, swallow the riceball already." the girl ordered.
The Italian gulped nervously, then widened his eyes as he felt his strength return to him. "....I can't believe it.. I feel better. Grazie."
As the girl was about to reply, she saw the monster charging at them from the corner of her eye. "W-Watch out, Italy!"
"That was close. Are you all alright?" Japan asked after pulling the two away from the monster's path.
"Yes, thanks." they gave a sigh of relief.
Germany placed a hand on the girl's shoulder.  "I think it's time for you to stand back now, ____. Thanks for your help."
She nodded and spoke, "I'll monitor from afar."
After a few more attacks, the monster seemed to slowly break down until it lost all its energy. Finally, it stopped attacking and took a few steps
Japan's Party was victorious!
2 EXP were received!
100HETA were obtained!
Onigiri was found! Hot Pepper was found!
"(Yes! It recoiled a little!)" Japan thought.
Prussia turned to them. "Let's just get out of here! We can't physically defeat it!"
"Let's warn the others about this..and quick!" _____ exclaimed.
"Italy? You look pale. Are you all right?" Germany asked his friend.
Italy scratched the back of his head and shrugged. "Eheheh. I'm fine. C'mon, let's go back."
Japan took a deep breath and mentally cheered in relief "(Thank God! I can't feel completely relieved, but this is still something!)"