
"The same window that exposed that bastard's lies." I muttered under my breath as I lifted my phone to my ear.
"(Name)? Did I hear you cuss or something?"  my mom asked sternly.
My eyes widened, I almost forgot that the call was still ongoing. "N-No! Of course not, mother. Ahaha..." I defended nervously.
"Hmm...where are you, dear?" she asked.
I stepped closer to the window, looked out and scanned the front yard. I paused for a while when I saw my two beloved parents standing below at a distance, facing me. Waving at them to get their attention, I spoke over the phone, "I'm here!"
"Oh, dear...there you are!" my mother breathed a sigh of relief as she waved back.

Pulling my father closer to her, my mom seemed to have passed the phone to him. "(Name)...you'd be grounded...." Dad said in a stern voice.
I creased my forehead. "Wh-What?!"
"....Let me finish. I said, you'd be grounded if we didn't know everything you did and everything that happened to you there." he explained.
Taking a step back, I gave a puzzled look. "You know...?"
"Okay, maybe not exactly everything--but we know enough." Dad answered, sighing a little.
This still made me restless. "Wait wait... You...you guys understand what's going on? Who I'm with? How I'm stuck here??"
I heard my father take a deep breath before speaking, "Well, crazy as what we've been told, we somehow began to understand. At first, we thought it was completely impossible...but now that we've seen some of the real deal here outside...we couldn't help but accept this.
Accept that our daughter's stuck in some horror mansion infested with alien creatures with older men that are considered as 'countries'.
Accept that we're stuck here outside that is also somehow infested with alien creatures with other people that are considered as 'countries'.
Accept that all of us are in danger, but thankfully are still safe and alive.
And most of all, accept that I probably need to get a year's worth of appointments with a psychiatrist."
At his last statement, I couldn't help but laugh. It's been a while since I've seen my parents or have heard their voices, so it was somehow comforting for me to hear a joke from them at at time like this. "Hahaha, well, that makes two of us, Dad."
"Oh no, dear, count me in." I overheard my mom say.
I still sorta can't get over this, even with all their explanation. "You guys really accept the situation that easily?"
"Definitely not, (Name), dear. Seriously, if you have only seen how your father almost went mad trashing around this abandoned yard after that good man named Austria explained to us the whole thing." Mom told me.
Oh, so they are normal after all. I chuckled to myself but tilted my head as I caught a name from them. "Austria?"
"Yes, he's the owner of the phone we borrowed, actually. We tried calling and calling for you using our phones, but we can't get a single ring. When Mr. Austria offered us to borrow his phone to call you, we got connected instantly!" she explained.
Confused for a moment, I only reacted by saying, "R-Really?"
"It's true...but uhm, there's something else that we need to talk about." Mom told me, her tone growing serious.