
"So, what about Germany and Prussia? Haven't you found them yet?" Italy asked.
"No, I've found them.They're on the fourth floor, but I'll explain the details on the way.
They were both very worried about you.You'd better go and let them see you as soon as possible." Japan told him.
"Ah, okay! Let's go together, then! I found some stuff when I was exploring, so I'll leave them with you. I also made pasta~ You can have that, too." " Italy said.
A small menu screen popped in front of me.
Italy joined the party.
Received from Italy: Beer x 3 Onigiri x 5 150 HETA.
Fully restored HP and MP with Italy's refreshments.
The two countries walked over to the door. Suddenly, the Italian saw me and spoke in a surprised tone. "W-Wha? What's this bella ragazza doing h-here?!"
Once again, I did my signature awkward wave. "Uh..H-Hi.." I said shyly. I suddenly looked at the floor as if it was the most interesting in thing in the world.
"Ah. Italy, this is _____ _____. ______-chan, this is my comrade, Italy." Japan said.
Italy fell silent for a while. I looked at him in the eye this time. He had pure confusion written all over his face...and I knew why. He must be thinking 'this isn't supposed to happen!' or something. I know that I wasn't supposed to be here either.
I don't belong here...but I can't just tell them that right now. I can't even tell Italy. What if he'll do something crazy again or whatnot? I should play my role. I'm just a player here... The rest of the story...must continue on. Though the alterations...I leave it to what may happen.
"A-Ano..." Japan said quietly.
Italy snapped out of his confused state and began to give his oblivious smile.
"Ve~ Ciao, bella! Fancy meeting you here! Though I wish I could've met you somewhere nicer like in a restaurant or something. I'm Italy, by the way! Ah, Japan already told you that, huh? Ehehe~" He said as he extended his hand.
"O-Oh. Uhm, ah..Nice to meet you, Italy." I managed a smile and shook his hand.
"Alright, then. Let's go back to the fourth floor." Japan said.
Italy and I nodded and walked up side by side up the stairs. Japan was leading the way.
Though, while we were walking up...I saw it. Out of the corner of my eye...Italy's look of worry, confusion, and maybe even helplessness...
It's because of me, isn't it? Me being here is something that never happened in any of the time loops he's been... Daggers of guilt began to hit me just as much as the pained expression on the Italian's face. I... want to do at least something...
I grabbed his arm and gave it a light squeeze. He looked at me and spoke, "Wh-What is it, bella?"
I took a deep breath and smiled at him. "Look... I don't know what you're going through right now...but I'm here. Please don't be sad... I don't want to see you giving such a pained expression anymore..." I told him quietly.
Italy suddenly stopped and gave another confused look, but quickly changed it and gave a smile instead. "...Thanks, bella. That's really...kind of you, but I'm really fine!~" He said.
I let go of his arm and looked away and spoke "...Okay.."