
"...Sorry, I can't move my arm anymore. I can still use my feet, though. I'll take care of that enemy with my feet, so you guys just take the key." Prussia told them, wincing a bit.
Italy furrowed his brows and turned to Germany. "Germany, did you hear what Prussia just said?"
"...This noise is terrible...But I read his lips. You also just talked to me, didn't you?"he replied, placing a hand on one of his ears.
Italy faced the albino and nodded.  "...Yeah. Prussia, please..."
"Yeah!" Prussia nodded back before he charged at the monster.
=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=
"I'm sure...this is the right place...wh-what am I going to do...?" Italy turned around to face the others, tears starting to stream down his face in frustration. Unknowingly, the monster was already right behind him.
"Italy!" America cried out as he ran after the Northern Italian to save him from the approaching creature. Russia also saw this and attacked the monster together with America.
France took a step back. "This isn't going well..."
"Tsk! I really need to get my magic back..." England muttered, clicking his tongue.
"Oh..." Prussia let out as he saw what was happening before him.
Italy looked down and cried. "W-we were too late..."
"Veneziano! Get back!" Romano called after his younger brother.
Italy looked at them with so much stress and frustration, "Wh-what am I going to do? Did I...do something wrong? The key...there's no key..."
"Italy! Get out of the way!" Germany began running over to Italy's side.
Italy clenched his fists. "Wh-What am I going to do...?"
Suddenly, the ground began to rumble and the whole room shook.
"Wh-what is it this time?!" Prussia looked around with a frustrated expression.
Romano remembered something and quickly looked above, his eyes widened as he shouted and pointed at the ceiling, "...Up there!!"
In a flash, a great number of monsters fell down from above. They all engaged in a battle against these alien-like creatures. Using their weapons and their abilities, they exchanged attacks with the monsters.
When they defeated the monsters, the things disappeared...only to be replaced by more creatures after the room shakes once more.
England flailed his hands in exasperation. "What?! Again?!"
"...Oh, no. They keep coming!!" Spain cried as he saw that they were being surrounded by more monsters.
America placed a palm on his face with a look of horror. "It never ends!"
"There are too many! we can't run past them!" Canada said, placing a protective arm to cover the girl behind him.
Italy shook his head vigorously. "N-no...I don't want to go back again! Not when we've made it so far!! No!!"
"Italy!" Japan called after his friend, who seemed to be becoming disoriented.
China made eye contact with his comrades and spoke, "Let's at least surround Italy! They're all going after him!"
"...After me...That's right, If I...If I were gone..." Italy muttered to himself, taking out the journal from his uniform jacket.