
Francois was sleeping on the floor, an unlit cigarette in between his fingers.
Seeming to have run out of vodka, Nikolai was just staring blankly at the wall. Maybe thinking of how it'd be better if he had more vodka. Zao was beside him, still puffing out opium. I waved my hand in front of my face to waft to smoke away from me.
Gil was sulking in a corner, while  Andres was beside him, cleaning his gun with a piece of cloth.
Breaking the silence, I spoke up, "You know...you guys don't need to kill the 1Ps--"
"Uh huh. Listen, ragazza, no matter how many good things you enumerate about those 'First Players', you won't be able to change our minds." Luciano said, looking at me from the corner of his eye.
I shook my head. "No. No... I meant... You guys don't need to kill the 1Ps to mean anything or to have purpose."
Eyebrows were raised. They did not say a word, but seemed to have shifted their eyes on me. I fidgeted a little, but continued speaking.
"You see...back in the world where I was from...you guys actually have a ton of fans."
"I knew I was really fabulous!!~" Flavio beamed.
The others looked at me, hinting that I continue. "Well...you may not know this, but you guys...are actually really loved by your fans. They draw beautiful fanarts, formulate theories about what you're like and what you may be like, cosplay as you guys--and even write really long fanfictions about you guys!"
They were a bit taken aback at what I just said. Allen finished his veggie burger and spoke in an irritated tone, "Doll. We didn't plan on hurting you, but tell us anymore of them lies and nonsense--and your face just might get acquainted with my bat."
I gulped at the thought. "I'm not lying. In all honesty, you guys have a large fanbase. Some people even prefer you guys more than the 1Ps. They all find you interesting and actually admire you all a lot." I said, starting to smile sincerely as I explained.
Francois opened an eye and spoke groggily, "Hard to believe."
The other 2Ps nodded.
"I...well..." I started mumbling, unsure of how to convince them.
They started to lose interest and turned away. Luciano clicked his tongue at me and spoke, "Tch. Stop bothering us with your shi--"
"--2P Northern Italy is considered bossy, naughty, and particulary moody." I cut him off.
"The fuck?! I am not!" he retorted.
Flavio laughed, along with Lutz. "Honey, that is sooo true!~ How did you know?", the blonde Italian asked.
"Actually...whenever I have spare time...I read about you guys." I admitted.
"Che. It doesn't mean anything. You're just making that up." Luciano huffed.
A bit annoyed at him for not believing me, I walked up in front of him, looked at him straight in the eyes and spoke confidently, "2P Italy takes control of what he has and will manipulate what he does not. He can be short tempered and impatient when angered. He has a severe fascination with throwing knives and is stated as being particularly gifted when it comes to their use."
Luciano's magenta coloured orbs widened as I spoke. It seems that he is starting to realise I wasn't lying.
I turned to the others and gave bits of info that I have on them.
"Lutz is sloppy, arrogant and boastful, but can be very loyal.