
---CHAPTER VI: Password (Part 4)---
"______!! W-What happened??" Canada asked me worriedly.
England went beside me and placed a hand on my shoulder. "L-Love, you look so pale. What's wrong..??"
I spoke up weakly, "I'm...alright...But..." I looked to the side to look for Japan. I saw him looking like in a worse condition than I am. I pointed at the slim man before speaking up once more. "Is...Is J-Japan alright?" Their eyes turned to the Japanese man as I gathered my strength to get up.
Italy looked at his friend. "Japan!? Japan, are you okay?"
Japan suddenly lurched towards Italy and grabbed both of the Italian's shoulders.
"Italy!!"
Italy squealed at his friend's sudden action. "Ow! Wh-what's the matter?"
As I took a step to go and comfort Japan, I felt my knees give up on me once more. I staggered and almost fell down again. Good thing Russia was kind enough to catch me before I fell.
"Hold on, you are not 'alright'. You can't even hold yourself up. Just hold on to my arm for support in the meantime. Don't push yourself, da?" He told me, his voice progressively soothing and turning into a caring tone.
China looked at me and Japan in total concern. "Aiyah. Wh-What's happening to these two??"
Canada walked over to Japan. "Japan! Do you remember what we said about the clocks?!"
After hearing this, Japan started to slowly calm down. "Oh...I-I'm sorry. I'm fine. I remember."
China furrowed his brows. "You get a lot more memories than the rest of us, and they are more intense, too."
Germany turned to me as I was clinging on to Russia to stand up. "_____? Will you be okay..?"
I let go of Russia's arm. I was able to stand up on my own again...well, a little. I walked a few steps forward.
I was looking down, I don't know how to answer Germany's question...
England suddenly lifts my chin.
"You're....I'm sorry but...____, are you...crying..?" He asked me.
My hands shot up to my cheeks. I felt the warm tears flowing down. Why...? I slowly knelt down again.
England then handed me a handkerchief. After that, he looked at Japan and I.
"You two... Do you need to rest a little?" He asked us.
Japan shook his head. "No, I'm sorry. I was just confused."
After a short moment, I wiped away my tears using the handkerchief and stood up.
I gave them a small, grateful smile. "I-I'm fine. Thanks... just...a bit uneasy on this whole situation..."
"I see. Well..everyone else seem..fine." Japan said as he checked on the others.
Germany shrugged. "Nothing happened to me. To tell the truth, I haven't got any confusing memories or anything like that even once so far.
I haven't been confused at all.... Maybe I've just been exempted?"
"I'm...exempted, too? I only have one memory of how I got here.." I told them.
Canada gave a soft chuckle. "Ahaha, I'm so jealous! In my case, it was so-so. I remembered running from the Thing with Italy, and coming here with America..."