
"Whoa, what the actual fuck?!!!" Past Allen shouted. "That's..that's not Steve at all!"
This alerted the other 2Ps to take action against the unknown creature. All of them tried to attack it, but the Thing seemed to dodge everything they threw. In return, the monster kept attacking the Second Players viciously.
Wiping blood from his cheek, Past Nikolai panted. "What is wrong with this one?"
"I don't know, but I think we don't have much time to find out." Past Lutz said. "Let's...let's split up!"
"Wh-What? What about Luciano and (Second Name)?" Past Gil asked.
Past Kuro clenched his fists. "They're still inside that room. For sure, this monster will come after us, so let's split up to lure it away from here." Past Kuro told them.
As soon as they found a way around the monster, the Second Players ran in different directions. Some went up the stairs, while the others went down to the first floor. Like they predicted, the monster chased after them, leaving the hallways of the second floor empty.
Moments later, the door of the room across the fireplace room was opened. Past Luciano and Past (Name) walked out of the room and looked around the hall.
"What the..? Luci, where did the others go?" the girl asked, tugging the Italian's sleeve.
Past Luciano stared through the halls silently. "...Is that...blood over there?" he asked aloud, pointing at the crimson puddle on the floor a few feet from them.
The two walked over to it and confirmed their fears. "Wait...what happened? Did they...face the First Players?" Past (Name) asked.
"I don't think that's the case... Those First Players were busy upstairs..." Past Luciano replied.
The silence in the mansion was broken when the two heard a blood-curdling scream that seemed to have come from the first floor.
Past Luciano and Past (Name) looked at each other with wide eyes, then rushed over to go down the stairs.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
The two simply watched their past selves run away. "No...way... You mean...this is just like..." (Name) whispered, trembling a little.
"My First Player counterpart wasn't the only one who's seen his frie....comrades....lose their life..." Luciano said. He closed his eyes, breathing deeply.
Neither of them moved an inch, but the scene before them changed once more.
They were suddenly in the first floor, the kitchen. It was the same as always. Almost.
There, leaning against the wall, was a pale-skinned albino wearing a long cape....drenched in a pool of blood.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
"...G-Gil!... No! Gil, can you..hear me...?" Past (Name) cried, kneeling beside the albino, not caring if her clothes get bloodied.
The Prussian raised his head weakly, his red eyes starting to dull. "Frau...you're here...Oh, but...you shouldn't be... It's not safe...it might come after you, too..."