
---CHAPTER I : The Mansion Where None Should Enter---
~Reader's PoV~
Today is the start of our semestral break!~ This two-week vacation before the start of the second semester that'll be filled with stress, sleepless nights, zombified friends, shitload of homework, projects, quizzes, and horrid finals. So that's why I decided to enjoy this time given to me by going out shopping, hanging out with friends at the mall or beach, and start up on the possible lessons we'll tackle next semester!
HA. AS IF!
Of course, I'll kickstart this vacation by wasting the whole day surfing the net~ Checking out my tumblr, reading manga, watching anime--oh! Yeah! HETALIA!
I then turned on my laptop that I placed carefully on my bed.
I should productively waste my day today by watching Hetalia!
Oh. But...I've already rewatched seasons 1-5 plus bonus episodes for like...the third *coughfourthfifthlostcountcough* time already... hmm...
Watch Hetalia MMDs? Hmm.. I'm already running out videos to watch ._.
Mhhmm...I should just ask good ol' Google for some fantastic suggestions.
I opened my browser and typed in "google.com" in the URL address box. When the page loaded, I proceeded typing.
Let's see...
He..
Heta...
Oh!
"HetaOni"
Clicking the suggestion, the page loaded once more. It showed links for the HetaOni, some images, YouTube videos...etc.
I've watched this game before on a YouTube channel that had English subs. At first, it didn't peak my interest that much, but as the story went on...it went pretty deep. (That's what she said. Lolsorry)... The story was really beautiful and even brought me to tears. But that was about a year or so ago. I've played an English version of it once, too. Thank goodness for neokyno and Pianodream for the English version. Kudos to them~ Oh, and of course, really thankful for Tomoyoshi. The author of HetaOni. Ah. I love the world.
Though, the sad part is...it has been left unfinished. *insertsadsighhere*
I started to miss the game all of a sudden. Then, I made up my mind.
I'll play HetaOni again for old times sake!
Oh! But I have to prepare for it. Playing games mean staying up loooonggg hours of splendid isolation here in my room. I better go downstairs and get some snacks.
I clicked the download link for the latest version of the game. Downloading...
As the game was being downloaded, I decided to go downstairs and head for the kitchen. As I was quietly foraging for some breakfast, lunch, snacks, and dinner, someone sensed my presence.
"_____? Are you preparing for a hibernation in your room again?" My dear mother asked me. She was standing by the kitchen counter behind me, her arms crossed and her face looking skeptical.
"I-I was..uh..just veeery hungry, mom." I said in a really *convincing* manner. She then raised her eyebrow.
"You better not have forgotten about our trip to your Aunt's house today. We're going to visit her and stay over there for the weekend, remember?" She told me.
Oh shoot. I completely forgot about that! Dangit! B-But my game..and aww...
But of course, I didn't tell my mom that.