
"Ugh..." England croaked out, gaining consciousness.
America gently let England off his shoulders. "Oh. Are you awake?"
England opened his eyes and adjusted it to the sudden brightness. He looked confused when he noticed the new surroundings. "Wh-where the hell am I?! Don't tell me we...got out? ... I guess not..."
"We have much to talk about. However, our first priority now is to sleep. We had better sleep first and talk later." Germany suggested.
Prussia nodded. "Yeah, if we try to talk now, I won't get anything..."
China placed a hand over his stomach. "I'm hungry, too, but... I want to sleep first. Let's just do some basic healing and then sleep."
"America, didn't you get hurt when you thrust the iron pipe? Give me your arm; I'll take care of it. Is there a first-aid kit here or anything of the sort?" Canada asked whilst holding up his brother's arm.
______ dug through her bag and replied, "Ah. Wait, I have a small med kit here in my bag."
"Oh, but there's also one in the shelf at the back. Feel free to use it if you run out of anything. Those who don't have any problems, sleep. There is no need to keep watch. I've already experimented it countless times." Germany assured them.
Italy perked up and spoke in a cheerful tone, "Japan~ Sleep next to me! You, too, Germany! I'll sleep in the middle!"
Japan gave a light smile. "Yes, of course. It's been so long since I lay down a little."
"Hm, then I guess I'll sleep next to West." Prussia said, placing his arms over his younger brother's shoulder.
"I'm so tired, too... I'll go ahead. Oh, but..would you like to sleep next to me, belle fille~?" France winked at ______.
______ shifted uncomfortably and shook her head. "E-Er..no thank you... I'll sleep by myself haha."
China yawned. "I'll go to sleep, too. My back hurts..."
-------
//Japan's PoV//
While the others slept, I decided to converse with those who were still up. I made my way towards the tall, Russian man who seemed to be smiling cheerfully at the sight of the others resting.
"Amazing~ It should be interesting to have all of us sleep together." Russia said.
Japan agreed. "Yes, though the circumstances are unfortunate."
"When we get back home, do you want to do this again? I'm sure it'll be noisy, and warm, and fun!" Russia suggested, readjusting his scarf and chuckling.
"Huhu. Indeed. I look forward to it." Japan nodded and walked over to the quiet Canadian...who was petting his pet polar bear?
Huh. Come to think of it, the bear was actually with us all along. I guess it doesn't get noticed that much as well...given its owner is the same.
"This place is above the ceiling of the second floor. He found a really good spot." Canada said, giving Germany a short glance.
Japan simply nodded. "Yes, even our enemy wouldn't guess where we are."
"Indeed. I'm so relieved. Germany is quite amazing." Canada smiled and brushed his bear's fur, feeling his stress dissipating as he held his fluffy polar bear.
"(His face is glowing; he probably doesn't even realise it.)" Japan thought, bumping into his buff, blonde haired ally.