
China was just nearby, so I decided to ask him about a certain acquaintance of ours. "Oh... Korea...? He called earlier. You should talk to him later, too. He was suspiciously worried, too." he told me. I nodded in understanding and took a deep breath.
Do I smell something burnt?
I walked over to the kitchen area where I saw England busying himself with something. I was asking him about what he was planning to do, but he was too distracted with the black objects on the plate that look like coal. Oh no.
When he did notice me, he spoke, "Oh? I wasn't really paying attention. Just wait, I'm almost done here."
To put such good food to that kind of state, my heart felt like it got clenched tightly. "What the hell, you're in tears. You don't have to be that overjoyed!" England said cheerfully as he saw my reaction.
"... I'm sorry. When I get all of my magic back, I'll be able to be a little more useful." he told me sullenly, whilst looking down.
His statement made me a bit confused. "What will happen exactly when you get all of your mag---erm, strength back?" I asked.
England suddenly faced me and spoke in an extremely serious tone. "I'll turn into an angel."
"....Is that so." I managed to say, stepping back a bit. I excused myself so as to let him continue his so-called cooking. He means well, but I just feel bad for the food.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=--=-=-
Scanning the room, I noticed something hung on the wall that wasn't there before. I walked over to the blue and orange stands that had the documents on them.
"Sing karaoke together. Shop for yukata. Saucepans. Amusement park. Bucket pudding. Harvest. Bring instruments and play a concert together. Visit (Name)'s house. Watch our own anime. Go on a roadtrip together...?" I recited as I read one of the documents posted. "What is this?" I asked the person who was standing the closest to me, which happened to be America.
America stepped closer to me and looked at what I was referring to. "Oh, that's our to-do list! We wrote down the things we want to do when we go home! Why don't you write something, too?" he suggested.
"I see. Then I'll write one thing, as well...'Sudden Death Pillow Fight'..." I said as I grabbed a pen and wrote on the remaining space on the paper.
America looked at me curiously. "What the heck is that?"
"It's a routine game that can make us all get along really well. I'm very good at it. Look forward to it." I told him, smirking slightly. Slightly.
I turned to look at the other document, "Everyone's signatures." I said out loud as I studied how different we write and how interesting it was too see all of our signatures in one document.
I was walking around the room when I heard the door open. I turned around to see a (h/c) haired girl with (e/c) eyes.
"Ah, (Name)-chan, how did the talk with your parents go?" I asked her.
She walked over to me with a weak smile. "Oh....well, it was fine. They were worried, just like me. We cleared out a lot of things. They'll be waiting for me. We were going to talk about more things when Ol--"
Widening her eyes, she suddenly stopped talking. "What?" I asked.
"A-All of a sudden...the...call got cut off because of the reception..." she said, frowning.