

(Name) looked down. "Yeah...unlike the others, I wasn't locked up in the cell.

I was actually...sort of kidnapped by the Second Players at that time. Well, I was sort of hesitant to come along with them because I knew they were up to no good...but they threatened to hurt my parents--which they said, were taken by them as hostages. I was even able to meet all of the 2Ps, who revealed that they were the ones responsible for having us in the haunted mansion!"



--Ch9--


"We had never come here or taken part in the fighting in the previous loops." Spain said, shaking his head.

Romano pouted. "I was just going to knock some sense in to my stupid little brother, but now he had amnesia. He was completely lost in time..." he said, his eyes softening in the end.

"All the memories from all the loops were packed into his head. This is the guy who's usually just, 'Ve, ve~!' so it was too much for him." China concluded.

Italy gave a half-smile. "It was like right after we broke the clocks. After some time passed and I calmed down, some of my memories came back! Not completely, though."


"In my case, I was still trapped in the room the 2Ps based. At first, I was sort of unsure of them and didn't want anything to do with them, even talking. But I had to understand. So, I ended up finding out their side. What their reasons were behind their so called revenge plan." (Name) explained.

Allen suddenly popped up behind the girl and spoke, "Yep. We had to get the dollface out of the picture that time if we wanted to succeed in our plans."

(Name) turned to see the person behind her, but saw no one. "What the heck?! Where are you guys?!"

"The poppet was left under my care, and wasn't allowed to leave the room--but well, I followed my heart and helped her instead~" Oliver said in a low, but seemingly cheerful voice.

The (e/c) eyed girl turned to her other side to find the source of the voice, but again, saw no one. "Okay, Ollie. I gotta thank you a whole lot for that one--but where are you?! How come you guys aren't showing up??!"

England tilted his head. "Love, who are you talking to?"

"N-Nothing!" (Name) said nervously.


--Ch10--


"It took a long while... Okay, so Italy was still missing a lot of memories, but he finally told us how this whole thing started!" Prussia smiled.


