
Chapter 9 part 1 is up! :D
Okay...so it's a bit of a mix of disturbing questions and serious discussions.
These parts of the story are one of the many revelation and explanation parts.
It sort of explains what the 2Ps are (in my fanfic universe not canon).
In my perspective, that's how the 2Ps came to be, but I know there are different opinions out there and I respect that. :) I just wanted to point out the reason why they "planned" to get the 1Ps inside the abandoned mansion.
Also, the events are starting to go astray from the original plot of "HetaOni"--because I want it to become well, in-sync with the 2P story. You know, so that the role of the 2Ps will fit in.
Here, we can see that the reader tries to understand between the sense of justice of the 2Ps along with the 1Ps.
I was inspired by the song, "Justice Breaker" which originally by Gumi, but I liked the Hetaloid-USA version better
Sorry, if some characters might get OOC or if the plot's a bit hard to digest.
If there's something you didn't catch in the story, feel free to comment or pm me--and I will wholeheartedly explain!
Another thing, I wanted to show here that just because the 1Ps are the "original", doesn't mean that they don't have their faults. Though they are countries, they are well...personified countries--meaning that they have similar characteristics with people, with humans just like us...and they are capable of mistakes, too.
It is not yet clear whether the 2Ps are telling the truth or not, but you (reader) try to keep neutral and judge both sides without bias--but of course you are aware of the personalities of the 2Ps...so you do not trust them all that much yet.
Being put in a situation like that, what is there to do?
The reader here is portrayed as a Hetalian. A Hetalian just like you and me. If we were to *imagine* tgat we be put in a situation like this, it'd feel like a dream... but in reader-chan's "reality"...it's not all fun and games. Of course, our instincts will take over and try to keep level head. Although reader will have her faults, as well. I mean, who doesn't?
I hope you all enjoy the 1st part of Chapter 9! :) It consists of 3 parts (all edited already), but I'm not sure whether to post them or not yet...I'll just wait for the feedback and see if you guys like the idea or not. Ehe~
Thank you for reading~