
---CHAPTER VI: Password (Part 1)---
//Reader's PoV//
"What on Earth is wrong with you guys?" Canada asked his allies softly with a confused look.
Japan started to go around and talk to the others.
"A-am I wrong? But you came here with us, didn't you?" Italy asked Japan.
Germany was speechless for a moment, but then spoke. "....Maybe correcting time caused some sort of disturbance?"
I know this part of the game... Japan's gonna ask around and then...something...something's gonna happen after that...but...argh....I can't remember... What's next....?
"Do you remember fighting with me and Russia?"
"I am not that forgetful yet, you know." I overheard China and Japan's conversation.
Russia gave a small chuckle. "You two are so old~"
China looked up and placed a hand on his chin. "You failed to mention Prussia at that time, too. I thought you had simply forgotten, but you've been acting odd since then."
I walked over to England and asked him something. "You came here with China and some other guys...the Allies...I think..uh..right?"
"Eh? But I came here with Japan, love. When we got separated, that's when we found you, remember?" The Brit replied.
My eyes widened. "N-No that's not---"
Then suddenly, I heard a faint sound. That sound...it's...ticking?
I hear ticking. If I remember correctly... There's something we need to do...but what? Mhhhmm... I better remember quick...we're running out of time.
Wait..
Time? ...
I closed my eyes and tried to listen carefully.
Tick.
Tock.
Tick.
Tock.
There is! There's a clock somewhere in the room.
I rushed over to Japan and whispered, "Japan... I hear a clock ticking."
He turned his head. "A clock?"
He then walks over to the corner of the room.
"Following the pattern so far, it should be here...
Ah, I knew it would be here. This is still worrying me. I think I should break it as soon as possible."
As Japan found the clock, I thought of something.
What if I just explain to everyone what was going on.. Or at least warn them about what happens when they break the clock...?
Suddenly I heard something loud. I turned to Japan. He was hitting the clock!
I walked over to him, "Wait---"
He wasn't able to hear me.
"There. One more..."
When Japan finally broke the clock. Everyone around me stopped moving. It seems that I was stuck in my place.
What's going on?
Luckily, I could still move my arms. I waved my hand and looked at the screen before me.