
---CHAPTER XI: Take Us Back (Part 2)---
///Reader's PoV///

The magenta-eyed man wearing a tan military uniform handed the sack to one of his henchmen and turned to us. Breaking the silence of the halls, he darkly chuckled,

"Ciao."

~=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=~
Wide eyes and pale faces were brought about by the biggest shock that the First Players have ever encountered inside the mansion.
"Hmm? So, is no one is going to talk? That wasn't the kind of reaction we expected for our grand reunion." Kuro said sarcastically.
Luciano nodded and turned to look at us. "Si. It's not like we're strangers. All of us here are quite well-acquainted with each other~" he laughed, the other 2Ps joining him.
"How...Wh...What are you doing here?  Germany bravely asked, clenching his fists.
Lutz looked at him and simply smirked. "Heh. That's some question you got there, bastard. Weren't you the ones who threw us away like trash? Obviously, we'd find our ways to survive this shitty world. Think we're that weak to just cripple up and die after you guys banished us? I think not."
"Besides...
...we should be the ones who should tell you off for intruding. This is our home before you guys arrived." Nikolai told them whilst gazing at his steel pipe.
France let out a soft gasp as he assessed what the Russian Second Player said. "If that's true....you mean...all this time..."
"All this time, while your sorry asses were being devoured and killed off by the creature....we were just here happily watching." Zao darkly explained.
Prussia's blood boiled as he heard the statement. "All this time you were just playing with us?! Damn you all, I'll--"
"--You'll what? Kill us? Get rid of us? What? You were never able to do that. We all know that--because we all know you all tried to." Gilen told him sullenly.
Kuro nodded and gave a smug look at the First Players. "Heh. We're just here to return the favour. It's really fun seeing all of you writhe in pain--both physically and emotionally. Though it seems you know more now. Did it feel good to know you've all died before each others' eyes? If it didn't, too bad, because you're going to go through it again."
America stepped forward and spoke angrily, "How...could...you... No... HOW DARE YOU...YOU--YOU MONSTERS...YOU--" before he could finish, a knife flew past his cheek, missing him by a mere centimetre and ended up hitting the wall behind him. It was from Luciano, but the Italian just glared silently.
"Who's the real monster here, anyway?! You think all of you are so righteous and just. Don't give me that shit. You all belong in hell." Zao hissed.
Japan clicked his tongue. "And you think you guys don't?"
"Hahaha...that's rich. For all we know, we probably are  from hell..." Nikolai chuckled darkly.
".....and we're here to drag you down there." Luciano smirked.
In a quick motion, the Second Players charged towards us and began attacking. Both the 1Ps and the 2Ps are putting up a fight. Clashing swords, giving each other cuts and bruises. Using weapons and their hands against each other. It was like one big war. ....And I'm just here watching.