
"...Japan" He said.
I shiver went down my spine and I'm began to feel weak. I started to stagger a little. Japan saw this and went to help me regain balance. Some of the onigiris and cans of beer fell on the floor.
"A-Are you alright?" He asked.
I nodded weakly. "Yeah.. Sorry about that.."
I picked up the food that he dropped and he did the same. "You can put these in my bag if you want." I told him.
He smiled at me and nodded. "That would be very helpful. Thank you uhm...?"
"______ ______. But just call me by my first name." I told him.
"Oh. Alright, then. Thank you, _____-chan." He said.
He then leaded me up the stairs. He told me he found a key but he doesn't know which door it opens yet. If this was really.... dare I say.... HetaOni...then I'll have some knowledge on what to do next...as long as I remember it. But...will they actually believe me if I told them that from I'm from, they're fictional characters and that this was a fanmade game..? Probably not.. But...I need to help in some way... I need to get out of here, too...
"Uhm, Japan...can I take a look at that key?" I asked.
He nodded and handed the key to me. I was a bit shocked when I saw some sort of menu pop out of thin air. It said:
"Bedroom Key: Opens the bedroom on the second floor"
I cannot believe this. It's like I'm still playing the game. If that's true, then... can I check on the inventories and statuses of people at will, as well?
I tried to wave my hand in front of me. A small menu popped up in front of me!
It showed the same menu from the game. Items, Skill, Equip, Status, ATP Options, Money... It even showed Japan. He was labelled, "Master of Reading Moods". He was at level 2 and his HP and MP was still full. I was amazed. What made me more amazed was that I was also displayed in the menu...
But I was labelled as... "Unidentified Player". I was at level 3 and just like Japan, my HP and MP were full. Why am I labelled like that..?
As I was thinking about many things, Japan suddenly spoke up.
"Ano... _____-chan..you've been spacing out for a while now. Is something wrong?" He asked.
I suddenly snapped out of it and looked at Japan. "Japan...you don't see it?"
He tilted his head to the side. "What do you mean?"
So he can't see it, huh... I changed the subject and perked up a little.
"N-Nevermind! Uhm, this looks like a bedroom key, so let's check over there!" I said as I pointed to the bedroom where I know Prussia will be in.
"Alright." Japan said.
As we reached the door, I gave the key back to Japan. He placed the key through the lock and we heard a small click.
"Oh. It is for this door." He said.
He opened the door and allowed me to go in first. There I saw a man with silvery hair wearing a dark blue uniform stood facing away from us. He's really...Prussia..
After Japan closed the door, he slowly approached the albino...
Shit. I almost forgot!