
"That's right... I have started to understand why my fratello and Spain are here...but I have no idea how you ended up here, bella." Italy stated, turning to the (hair colour) haired girl.


The girl met the Northern Italian's gaze and became a bit nervous. "Well...I have told some of you guys about this but...I'll explain it to everyone now..."


Italy nodded and ushered her to continue, he was also curious because it seemed that the girl also knew what happened and what was going to happen in the mansion.


"I'm... I'm not from this world." (Name) told them.


The blonde haired American beamed and spoke excitedly, "HA! ALIEN!"


"You git! We already told you it's not like that!" England scolded.


(Name) gave a soft chuckle and spoke, "Hahaha..America...I'm not like your alien best friend that you met during the Roswell Incident."


The girl's statement caused America to take a step back, eyes wide in surprise. "Wh-Wha?! How did you know that? I didn't tell you about that or anything!"


"Calm down, America. We have already told you earlier that (Name)-chan....comes from a world where.....we are actually just fictional characters of an anime." Japan explained, trying to calm down the American.


China furrowed his eyebrows. "Aiyah. This is so hard to comprehend....but we'll do our best. Please continue, (Name)."


"Thanks... Japan's right.  Back in my world, you guys are from an anime called 'Hetalia'. I know this because I'm actually a reaalllyy big fan of the show. I know almost everything about you guys." she told them, a small smile forming on her face.


France stepped closer to the girl and nudged her playfully, laughing a bit. "Oohh?~ I knew Big Brother would still be loved across dimensions!" (Name) rolled her eyes, but laughed heartily as well.


"Hmm? Okay... Then it's clear that she's not from this world...but how did it lead up to you ending up in this mansion?" Russia asked, turning to the girl.


(Name) couldn't help but take in a deep breath before answering the tall Russian's question. "Well....about that.... It was supposed to be just a normal trip with my parent's to my aunt's house. But during our long car ride, I fell asleep. When I woke up, our car was parked outside this mansion...and my...parents weren't with me anymore, so I assumed that they went inside this place. I grabbed my stuff and walked through the front door--"