
When the other Second Players heard that, they finally reacted. "He's dead? Then it'll be a piece of cake to get rid of the others." Matthieu commented.
"Yeah, they're even setting up some sort of death bed for the guy. Pathetic." the magenta-eyed Italian said.
I gasped. "...I really am here... Italy's..."
"I knew there was something more to you, ragazza. I thought it was only imagination when you said the name...but looks like it wasn't. When you said, 'Italy'... you were referring to the 'original' one, weren't you?" Luciano asked.
Looking away, I spoke, "...Yes."
Allen stood up and lifted his nail-covered bat. "Welp, sorry dollface, but you need to go--"
"She is not going anywhere." Luciano intervened.
Feeling both fear and relief, I turned to Luciano. "...I'm not?"
"Si. Because you're going give us information. You also have information about those, 'originals', don't you?" he asked, idly playing with his switchblades.
I sighed. I don't have a choice here, don't I? "Yeah, I do." I replied.
"Good. Then she'll be our back-up plan in case someone fucks it up again." Luciano told his comrades.
Flavio stood up. "What do you mean? Isn't your oh-so-wonderful plan, full proof already?" the Southern Italian asked sarcastically.
"I said that the first time, and it was true...until someone messed up and created a monster that magically made a contract with one of the 'originals'!" Luciano snapped.
Oliver reacted and crossed his arms. "Hey! So are you saying it was my fault?!"
"What else am I saying?!" Luciano growled.
With pink swirls in his eyes, Oliver spoke, "You know very well that I had no idea that that would happen! I don't even know if it was my doing or if it was--"
"Then it was still your fault for not making sure!"
"It is not!"
Matthieu suddenly stepped in and clicked his tongue. "Enough!!! You shitheads aren't going to get anywhere with this fight. We're supposed to focus on those 'originals', not try to cut each other's heads off." he scolded.
"Ooh~ Mama Canada here to save the day~" Allen teased.
Feeling a vein pop in his head, Matthieu growled and turned to the redhead. "What did you say, you little shit?!"
And before we knew it, everyone else quarreled against each other. The funny thing about it was that, their fight was so petty and shallow. It was childish, to say.
Crazy as it might sound, and dangerous as it might be, I couldn't help but giggle.
They may hate the First Players, but they have a lot more in common with them than they think.
They may be quite scary and intimidating, but they can actually be really cute.
....And they may look down on their selves and think lowly of who they are in this world...but they can actually be greater than that.
"Why don't you guys understand that you guys can be so much more? That you're not just 'Second Players'..." I muttered, thinking that they weren't able to hear me anyway.