
"Sorry it took us so long to get here." I apologised to them as we entered the room.
Germany shook his head. "No, we've also been through a lot. I'm rather thankful that we're all gathered."
I opened my bag and showed them the food. "Wow, you sure brought a lot. We just needed something to tempt it with." Romano told me.
"And we also found a clock. We hadn't broken the one in this room yet.We weren't sure we should..." Italy informed us, holding up a small maroon coloured clock in his hands. I noticed (Name)-chan look at it strangely. She asked Italy if she could hold it for a while. We all know that the girl wouldn't receive any memories from the clocks at all, but maybe she was just curious.
"I think you already know this, but we're going to get out very soon. There's no need to see memories from the past any more..." Italy said. "And Austria and the others are taking care of things outside."
We noticed Germany shuffle nervously in his place.
America saw this and tilted his head. "Germany? What's the matter?" he asked.
Germany simply shook his head. "Nothing, I was just wondering... why don't I see any memories from the past? Isn't that odd? Well, I know the frau here doesn't see any because she's never been here before unlike us. So that means... I'm the only one..."
"Oh, right, I've always wondered about that, too." Italy said. He looked up in thought. "... What universe was it... ?
You see, America said that the memories were just forgotten, but they hadn't disappeared. So, you should still have them, Germany." he said, facing his muscular, German friend.
Romano stepped forward. "Maybe they're being passed on?"
"Passed on?" Prussia asked curiously.
Romano nodded. "What I mean is, maybe Potato Head is the same as Veneziano?
Some of Veneziano's memories were passed on to me and we shared them. Because we're very close." he then turned to face Germany. "In Potato Head's case, maybe all of his memories are being passed on to
...someone?"
"But then... who on Earth could that be? Prussia?" Italy wondered, facing the albino.
Prussia took a step back. "M-me?! But I haven't got any of West's memories!"
"Nah, you're a little different..." England pointed out, shaking his head.
France cupped his chin. "Someone so close to Germany... that his memories are being passed on to them...All of his memories, at that..."
"......Or someone who matches his wavelength an awful lot..." Spain suggested.
Germany looked at them with a confused expression. "They have all of my memories? But...someone like that--I don't--"
Italy suddenly froze and opened his eyes, revealing amber orbs that had a glint of unknown feelings. "......Veneziano? What's wrong?" Romano asked his younger brother.
"Could it be...? No... it can't be..." Italy croaked out, his lips trembling.
Prussia noticed this and frowned. "Italy...."
"..... Italy." France looked at the younger Italian with sad eyes.

"That---"