


The three went through a couple of halls and rooms, discovering Mysterious Lumps along the way. Eventually, they found themselves in a large study filled with bookshelves.


"Hmm. You know, I really don't know if we've never been here before of if I've just forgotten about it..." Italy said, looking up in thought.


England, who was scanning through some books, spoke, "It can't be just this. I'll take another look in that other room." he said, closing the book he held and placed it back on the shelf. He walked over to the other study that was on the top right corner of the room.



Once England was out of earshot, Italy faced America and spoke in a serious tone.  "...America, what do you have in mind?"


America widened his eyes for a second, but then grinned.  "Who me? Nothing at all. Hey, you're the one who said we should work together—"


"Can't I tell you something, as your senior? If you want to lie, at least make sure you sound convincing, or else people will see right through it, just like it happened to me." Italy told him, frowning.


America looked away.  "Wh-what are you talking about? I'm not hiding anything. Just look at me. Do I look like I'm lying?"


"... You know, America..." Italy trailed off.


Through the corner of his eye, America looked at the Italian.  "Yeah, what is it?"


In a low voice, Italy spoke, "Maybe you should have learnt... to smile a little more naturally."


America looked at Italy with wide eyes, his blue orbs showing feelings of hurt and sadness.  "To think that... you'd say that to me... I feel like I'm getting a taste of my own medicine. But, Italy, I-"


Before America could finish his sentence, England walked back into the room.


Running his fingers through his hair, England sighed. "I couldn't find anything. Maybe there's a clue in these shelves? You look at the ones over there and-"


America walked over to England with a determined look on his face.


"England. I'm pretty confident in my skills and abilities. That's why I was able to grow up and come this far. Isn't that right?" America asked.