
Spain looked a bit excited. "More than ever, you mean. All right! I'll warm up, then!"
///Third Person PoV///
As they walked through the door, they found themselves in a room that had cell containing numerous monsters of various shapes and sizes. The creatures were moving about in their cell, but they were locked up, making them unable to walk forward to the people there.
Prussia's eyes widened as he saw the horrible sight. "Ugh! What the hell is this place?!"
"There are so many..." China said, covering his mouth with his extremely long sleeve.
Clutching the arm of the person next to her, which was Germany, (Name) spoke softly, "...I expected this...but I can't help but feel on edge when I see them in person. Ugh, this is just..."
Italy stepped forward and faced them. "L-let's just go ahead. They won't come out of the cell...I think."
"R-right. Besides, with so many enemies, we would be...No, I'd rather not think about that." Japan said nervously.
Walking down the left hall, they ended up entering another room. This room had lots of blood covering it, especially the floor. The floor was filled with numbers written with blood. In the top left corner of the room, there was a giant rock-like creature that had several eyes all over its body. The temperature inside was also low, increasing the chills the room gave to those who entered.
Japan cringed as he observed his surroundings. "Ugh...This room is also quite-"
"Behind that thing! The key is on that wall!" Italy exclaimed, pointing at the rock-like creature that stayed in the corner.
Russia raised an eyebrow and looked confused. "...Isn't it going to...attack us?"
"It will if you get close to it, but it's incredibly slow. We can get away from it by justwalking. I'll got get it." Italy told them, walking over to the creature.
Germany started to panic when he saw Italy moving closer to the monster on his own. "Hey!! You're going by yourself again-"
"Quickly...We're going to get out! It's really slow, so we'll be fine. I'm sure the key is on that wall!" Italy muttered to himself.
The creature started to slowly move closer to Italy and away from its place, only to reveal that there was no key on the wall behind it.
Italy froze as he saw that there was nothing on the wall.  "What...?"
"H-hey, Italy! There's no key!" France frantically pointed out.
"Oh, God...Why?! It was always...It was always there before!!" Italy exclaimed, running his fingers through his hair in distress. He didn't understand it at all. He knew perfectly well that there was supposed to be something there.
Italy's mind flashbacks to the first time he saw that key.

=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=
In the same room that had the rock-like monster, Italy, Germany, and Prussia were shocked to see that there was a key on the wall behind the creature. Other than that, the place was actually clean and empty. The only thing different was that there was only one number on the floor that was written with blood. It was the number three. The countries looked at each other.
"Is that...a...key?" Italy asked, squinting his eyes.
Germany nodded and confirmed. "...Hey, that's a key!"