
---CHAPTER IV: Gunshots (Part 1)---
~Third person PoV~
"I can't help but have a very unpleasant feeling about this place..." France said. He then notices a certain British man being uncharacteristically silent, so he turns to him and spoke,
"You've been really quiet for a while now.What's wrong? Is there something strange here?"
".....No... There's nothing
... or no one at all." England replies.
"Russia and the others are on the first floor." China said.
"Yes, I know that.When I said there's no one here at all, I meant...How should I put it?
It feels... as though everything has been
...consumed..." England says slowly.
France then tilts his head. "You mean you can't see the usual illusions? If even illusions have been consumed, maybe we really should keep out."
"I agree. In that case, I'll go and take a look upstairs.What are you going to do, Opium?" China asks.
"I don't really want to stay on this floor. I'll go upstairs, too." England replies.
France pouts. "You're both leaving me here all alone? Well, then, when you're done checking out upstairs, we'll meet again here."
China nods. " All right, then we'll leave the second floor to you."
"30 minutes should be enough. Don't fall asleep on us, France." England says skeptically.
"You can trust me~ Well, see you later." France says as he walks over to a room by the far end of the hall.
-----
~England's PoV~
"Are you going to start from that room over there?" China asks France.
"Oui~ That room is bad news, isn't it? I'll leave it for later!" France replies. He then enters the room and closes the door behind him.
"Let's go upstairs, then, aru." China says as he turned to me.
I nodded. "Right, let's---"
Suddenly, the door behind China bursts open and we hear someone shout.
"Prussia?! Are you oka--...."
It was a young girl with (h/c) hair and (e/c) eyes. She was wearing a bag over her left shoulder and looked really frantic. She suddenly turned to us and her face grew pale.
"Wh-What are you doing here, miss..? Are you okay?" China asks the young lady.
She suddenly went back into the room and called for someone.
Vaguely, I heard her say Japan's name. But then, she became silent.
China then spoke up. "Is someone there with you, aru?" He then walks into the room. I followed. What surprised me was that, the room was empty.
"They're...gone." The girl said.
"...Who..?" I asked.
Before she could reply, she suddenly collapsed on the floor.
"Aiyah! Wh-What happened to her? She suddenly fainted!" China exclaims.
"Good god. Hurry, let's transfer her to the bed here." I instructed China.
This is getting weirder and weirder. I took her wrist and felt her pulse. It wasn't weak so I breathed in deeply in relief. China, on the other hand, fans the girl like a tornado. He seems very worried. I tell him to calm down which he eventually does. ...He still fanned like crazy, though.