
(Second Name)* explanation!!!
--So just in case you guys don't understand what I meant there.... It's like this:
For example, my name is Aiza Lorraine L.
"Lorraine" is my second name :3
((.....and uhm, well......If you guys only have one given name, then you could always make one up!  x) ... ))
^^This is important, so remember it, it might blow your mind again later. Maybe? Idk.
~-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-~
Anywhoo... YOOOOO.
It's been a while since I had an author's note. Lol.
First of all...I would like to say a big THANK YOU.
Thank you so much for all of the support you guys have given to this HetaOni fic :') I'm really happy that you guys have been staying with this fic from start up to present. It's been ongoing for quite a while now, huh?
Thanks to those who always vote, comment, and message me about how they feel about a certain chapter or the story as a whole. I make sure to reply to every single one, so don't be shy~ Oh, but, I am a college student and school works been piling up, so I won't be able to be online all of the time, but I make sure to check my stories whenever I have spare time at night or when I take a break from studying. Ehehe. (>w
Next would be about the chapters: If there's anything that you guys find confusing, or if there's anything you guys need to clarify--just tell me~ Write on my message board, comment on the chapter, or go straight up and pm me hahaha.
The story has a very complicated plot. A very, very, very, complicated plot XD
It's all cliffhangers, plot twists and spine chillers galore. Lol. It's my thing, sorry about that.
Lastly, I want to give you guys a tip about solving all the puzzles and the mind boggling things that popped up and will pop up in this fic:
READ.
Okay. HAHAHA. You'll be sayin': btch, what do you think I'm doing?! LOL
Hahaha xD I meant:
READ. READ VERY CAREFULLY. READ BETWEEN...AND BEYOND THE LINES.
This is because the scenes in this fic are pieces of a puzzle.
Yes. Even those scenes that you think are just some sort of filler or are just too normal to be important--that characteristic's all the more to be suspicious of. Mehehe.
But, if you want it all to dawn you in one go (and possibly give you headaches. lol.) then just wait for the next chapters ;)
Because all of you will find out about it in time.
*evil laugh*
Alright xD That's it for now~ Stay awesome like Prussia, guys!
~flamehazelollipop