
"Ah! Then you could just represent a country! I mean, you are from another dimension, so it's okay, right?" America said.
I furrowed my brows and sighed. "Mhhm... I guess that's true. Alright, then I approve of the alliance."
"Hahaha! OK! I won't accept objections! After all that trouble, we should write it down in a document! Erm, we can keep it simple!" America told everyone.
I tapped the energetic American's shoulder. "Uhm, I have a few bond papers in bag, would that do?" I asked him.
"Yeah! That's perfect." he replied.
I hurriedly went over to the bed I slept on and found my bag below it. Opening my bag, I cringed noticing it wasn't organised at all. I better fix these up later, for now... I rummaged through my bag to look for my notebook. When I found it, I flipped it open and saw a few pieces of bond paper inserted in between. I also took a few pens with me.
Taking two pieces of paper and the pens, a closed my bag and headed back to the tables. "Are two pieces of paper enough?" I asked.
"Si. That will do, bella. Grazie." Italy said, smiling.
I handed the papers and the pens to Germany and went back to my seat. "Hmm. Well, first of all...believe in one another. Help one another. Rely on one another. Also, escape all together. That's all!" he said as he wrote.
"I like it; it's so easy to understand. An alliance among nations like that is pretty interesting!" Spain beamed.
America nodded. "There! Now we just have to sign it." he said, reaching for a pen.
"Oh, c-can you wait a moment, please?" Russia asked.
China raised an eyebrow. "What is it?"
"Sorry, I'm really going to put a wet blanket on it, but we're nations, and we're arbitrarily going to form an alliance with so many nations... It doesn't feel right..." the Russian man said, frowning a little.
England creased his forehead. "But our signatures will only be valid inside this house, right?"
"Yeah, that's the problem, forming an alliance here. I mean, we don't know who might get their hands on it.
We'll leave it in this strange place where God-knows-who might see it..." Russia explained.
Germany cupped his chin and stared at the document. "I see... You have a point. Even if we exist as humans right now, it doesn't change the fact that we are nations."
"So, we really can't make an alliance..." Italy said in a depressed tone.
Russia became a bit guilty and looked around him. "I-I'm sorry. I'd want to form an alliance, too, if I could! But we have to think of the nations we bear on our shoulders..."
"If... If possible, I also want to form an alliance, and stay like this..." France said, clutching his arms.
Japan stared down at the table wistfully. "To be human, even if only in this place..."
"....Well, why not?" I spoke up.
The countries turned to me with confused looks.
I suddenly felt a little shy when I noticed their attention was directed to me, but I continued. "Why not...form an alliance as a human--like me? I know nations and humans may differ in various ways...but we can still form an alliance together.
Instead of me pretending to represent a country, why can't we all...form an alliance as people...as humans...?"