
"Don't worry about that now. We'll all be able get out of here soon...Thank God, really..." I told her, placing a hand on her shoulder as a way of comforting her.
The girl suddenly gave me a troubled look for a moment, but then spoke, "That's great..."
"(Name)-chan? Is there something wrong?" I asked with concern, leading her to the side of the room so we can talk without disturbing or be disturbed by anyone.
She looked down, rubbing her elbow. "Nothing...It's just...well..." she paused for a while. "......do you guys hate me?"
"W-What? Why would you think of that?" I exclaimed.
She spoke, "I've...done a lot of things against you before, remember? I did things that got you guys so angry. Sometimes...sometimes I just think that you guys just took me back because...you pity me."
"Yes...it's true that you've done things like that before, but that doesn't mean that we hate you. We were mad at what you've done, not of who you are. We've already forgiven you for your past actions. It's not like it was your real intention to hurt us, you were just forced to do so because of the circumstances. So please, don't let yourself believe otherwise." I told her, giving her a smile.
For a second, it felt like she gave out some kind of sarcastic chuckle. I wasn't sure because she was looking down. I was about to ask her about it when she suddenly pulled me into a hug. "... You really think that way?" she asked me.
"O-Of co-course, (N-Name)-chan..." I stammered, still not used to this kind of physical contact with others, and with a girl, too.
Noticing my uneasiness, she broke the hug. "...Thanks, Japan. I'll always remember what you said. I hope you remember that, too."
"You're welcome...and, huh? Well, yes, I will remember that." I told her, slightly confused by what she meant.
Smiling, she spoke, "One last thing..."
"Hm?" I raised an eyebrow, motioning her to continue.
She faced me with hopeful eyes. "....I belong here with you guys, right?"
=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=
///Matthieu's PoV///
"What's taking Oliver so long? If we get caught, they're gonna tie us to the chairs again." I told Al, frowning at him. We were in a room near our base. Al and I were separated from the others since they don't seem to trust us to carry out their plans anymore.
The redhead threw me a glare. "Shut up. I have no fucking idea. We just have to act natural so they won't suspect us."
"I know, I know. But, do you really think the girl would accept Oliver's offer?" I asked.
Al looked down. "Nah. The girl's too smart and loyal for her own good. The old man would still probably do what he can to persuade her. I mean, after finding out about Luciano's plan, he's more determined than ever to get her out of this place before they could...you know."
I furrowed my brows, not knowing what Al meant. Brushing it off, I spoke, "I find something off about that Luciano. It's like there's something else that he's hiding from us." I commented.
Before Al could speak, we noticed the mirror behind us shake a little. "He's back." Al said.
We took off the cloth that concealed the old mirror in the room. After a moment, Oliver suddenly appeared from it and walked out of the mirror and into the room. "This will never stop being creepy." I told them.
"...The poppet declined." Oliver told us sadly.