
~
"H-Hi, long time no see." Spain said nervously.
A familiar voice was heard through the phone, "Yes. Long time."
"H-How are you?" Spain asked.
The person on the other line spoke monotonously, "I'm fine, thank you."
Beads of sweat started to form on Spain's face. "Well, um... I'm really sorry. I forgot to call you, huh? I was with Romano and... er...um..."
"Yes, yes. There are a mountain of things I want to say to you. Or a lot more than a mountain, actually...
When Romano didn't contact us, I was worried sick, you fool!" the person reprimanded. As soon as he said the words, 'you fool', it clicked to me that the person talking was without a doubt, Austria.
Spain turned to Romano with a confused look on his face, "Huh?! Roma?"
"... Idiot." Romano rolled his eyes.
"Italy, you can hear me, can't you? Come down for a bit. Look outside from the window." Austria said.
Italy's forehead creased, but he answered, "What? Oh, o-okay."
"Wait, don't go by yourself! Let's all go together." Canada said.
England stopped Italy and spoke, "Hold on. Don't walk in the front. You're being targeted, aren't you? Come behind me."
"Yeah. Let's go quickly, or else he won't stop bitching. Then again, I don't think he'll be able to see us very well with those bars, anyway." Prussia told us.
=-=-=
While we were on our way out of the saferoom, I felt something vibrate in my pocket. My phone. I waited for them to walk ahead of me so that I could have a little distance from them and then opened my phone.

<1 MSG
Ciao, ragazza. Do you already have what we asked for?>

My eyes widened upon reading the text. For a while there, I almost forgot all about it... My heart sank instantly. Taking a deep breath, I replied to his text:

<Sorry. I don't have it yet. I'm having a hard time.>

After sending him my reply, I was surprised that he was able to text me back so quickly.

<1 MSG
Hmm. I see. We're going to need it soon, so hurry up.>

'Need it soon'? What does he mean by that? If he gets it and uses it as soon as he does--will he set my parents free afterwards? I replied to his text:

<Will you release them once I get it for you?>

A few seconds after I sent him the text, he replied:

<1 MSG
Who?>

My brows furrowed at his text, what is up with him? He knows what I mean. I replied: