




"Ragazza....I....I have my reasons....and you weren't supposed to know this---" he looked into my eyes, his expression a completely different one from what he usually has. It was a look of guilt and frustration.....and it was...genuine? Ha! As if I'd believe him now!




"--Well hell yeah of course I wasn't supposed to know this!!! That's just it, isn't it?!! I wasn't supposed to know this because if I did, you wouldn't have anything against me to force me to do something I would never do! Didn't I already tell you that there were other ways?! Didn't I tell you that there might be other answers?!



I tried understanding you guys before and I did.



I would've tried to understand you guys if you told me your real intentions and maybe I could have.



....but now....



.....I'm trying  to  understand THIS......but no matter how you turn this around......now matter how hard I try I just CAN'T. I can't take this anymore!!!" I shouted, letting out all of the feelings that where swirling in me. All the hurt, the feeling of betrayal, the feeling of...



The feeling of losing hope for them. That hope I had for them. That hope of them possibly being able to change into good.



Luciano raised his hands to mine, that  was clutching the sleeves of his uniform, and lightly squeezed them, as if for reassurance.  "Ragazza, you will understand if you just---"



"No!! No more! You're just going to twist me again! The only reason I was able to lie to the First Players were because I was forced to. Because I thought you guys might hurt my parents if I didn't go along your plans!......But you!!! You...



.....You guys lied just to get revenge." I said angrily, letting go of Luciano and walking over to the 1Ps' side. I turned around to look at him once more. "You wanted to get revenge on the First Players, right? That was your plan, right?"



"Well, yes, that's true. But you have to go with us right now, ragazza..." Luciano said, his forehead creased and his eyes somewhat desperate.