


Japan nodded. "We will take care of everything. Do not worry, we'd never do anything bad to you." he smiled and continued, "Ah...I'm sure we'd all be tired by that time, so I think we should sleep soon afterwards on that day.


I have a kitchen garden. I could get up earlier than usual the following morning and go there to pick vegetables."


"Hey! That's a nice idea! I'll try to get up early and help you, too!" America exclaimed, walking over to us.


Japan gave a soft chuckle. "Huhu, thank you. When we come back from the garden, we will make breakfast."


"That's my cue! America can wake up those who are still sleeping!" China said as he approached us.


"Yes. And then... well... maybe we could all go out somewhere?" Japan wondered.


Prussia made his way towards us and suggested, "Let's go to the---watcha call it---the amusement park or something!"


"Well, I suppose I can refrain from hitting on everyone at least for that occasion. Ohohonhon~ I mean, the belle fille over here is enough for me~" France said, placing an arm around my shoulder. I giggled a bit, but asked him nicely to take his arm off me. He obeyed, which I appreciated. He doesn't force himself on people like others think him to.


Japan cupped his chin, "I'm sure a day or two won't be enough. Oh, yes, we could go shopping."


"Yes! I suppose I'll take a look at the suits!" England said. I nodded in agreement, "Well, it's been a while since I wore new clothing." I commented, looking at my days old clothes I haven't changed from since I got in the mansion.


"I want some clothes to wear while I'm at Japan's place. What was it called, again? Yukata? Let's all buy one!" Russia smiled childishly. He even faced me and spoke, "It'd also be nice to see you wearing a yukata, (Name)~"


"Hahaha. That's kind of you, thanks! I haven't worn one before, so I'll look forward to seeing all of us wear one." I told him.


Japan looked at us, "I can hardly wait. And when we go back to my house, we'll all have a banquet."


"With a lot of food from all over the world! Let's see, what should I make...?" Canada wondered softly.
