
The magic barrier weakened slightly, allowing the monster to attack America, but ended up only biting the American's shoulder.


England struggled to move and showed a look of frustration. "It's not working! Damn it! If only I could move-" he paused for a moment then faced the monster. Raising a hand, he used magic to attack it. "Incarserous!"



Italy helped America step away a few feet from the monster. "Are you okay?! It, bit your shoulder, but...Your glasses..." Italy began to rattle in a panicked tone. He then looked at America's bloodied shoulder and pressed his fingers on it.


"Ow!" America yelped in pain.


Inspecting the injury, Italy gave a sigh of relief. "Oh, good, it's just cracked. If it had got eaten, that would have been the end of you! You're pretty lucky your bones are still there, at least..."


"...Stop scaring me, saying stuff like that..." America told him, looking away.


Italy shook his head and made the American face him. "America, you lost this time. As did England and myself."


"Italy, take this useless git back to the second floor! You can lecture him later!" England called out to them in a strained voice.


America's eyes widened as he realised that history started to repeat itself.  "...I'll have to be saved... again...?! Both in the past and in the present... I'm always..."


"Wait, I'm going to fight, too! Sorry, America, but you'll have to stay here!" Italy said, about to head to help England.


England made a gesture, signalling him to stop. "I'm not going to kill it! I'm just buying time! If we all try to run now, America will get caught! If I distract it while you help him, we're all more likely to save ourselves!"


Italy furrowed his brows in worry. "B-but, England, you can't fight alone-"


"In that case, I shall fight with you." they heard a familiar voice coming from above.


A slim Japanese man in an all-white military uniform suddenly fell from above, like the ninja that he is.


"Japan?!" Italy exclaimed as he recognised the man.
