
---Chapter XV: Annexe (Part 1)---
///Third Person PoV///
"It was him..." Italy said, looking down.
America slams his fist on the wall repeatedly. "You're fucking kidding me!! What good is stopping it you're dead?!" he cried out.
"A-America! Please...stop punching the wall! You're bleeding!" (Name) pleaded, worry written all over her face.
Italy nodded, agreeing with the girl. "America..."
Taking in a shaky breath, he walked over to the others. "...Sorry...I'm back." he told them, still a bit unsteady.
"Yes, it's good to see you. I'm glad you came back safely. Where on earth have you been?" Japan asked.
Italy turned to him and replied, "We wound up in the past. And then I, er, died- I mean, found the journal and, wait, no, um..."
"What's wrong? Are you confused? Why don't you have some rest, then?" Prussia told him.
Germany raised an eyebrow.  "And what's this door? What happened?"
"It's the 'alleged' entrance to the annexe. If you want details, ask the guys upstairs.We're going in now." Romano explained.
Widening his eyes, Italy looked at the newfound door.  "Annexe- What? What are you talking about? And you can't just go the three of you alone! We're coming with-"
"No, leave this to us. We'll be fine. We're only going to take a quick look around and then come back. And it should definitely have a dead end. Besides, we won't go back in time anymore, anyway. Our first priority now is to investigate." Japan reassured them.
Hesitantly, Italy nodded.  "All right. Then, in the meantime, I'll be sorting out my head. Let's go, America? You want to see England, don't you?" he asked. America simply gave a weak nod in reply.
"He's on the fourth floor. West, walk them there and then come back. Italy, (Name), you two stay with America." Prussia instructed.
Germany began to walk through the hall. "Understood. Let's go."
"Okay. Come on, let's go, America?" Italy said, walking by America's right side, while (Name) was on the left.
Looking at America's spaced out expression, (Name) couldn't help but feel down. She knew the whole time that it would happen, but she didn't tell America because she also knew that he'd probably do something rash about it. And that could have defiantly change the future. Even so, she still felt guilty. Sighing, she whispered, "Sorry, hero. We'll get through this...somehow."
Italy, Germany, (Name), and America slowly made their way through the halls and up the stairs.
=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=
"The past, huh? If he's like that--does that mean England got killed?" Prussia asked.
Romano walked towards the annex entrance and inspected it.
Japan nodded. "That must be it. But Italy will give him some advice. And we'll go ahead. Carefully, though."
"This door, er, it looks like it's a hidden staircase. And it goes down, but it's really narrow..." Romano pointed out, squinting a bit from the darkness.
Walking over to the annexe entrance, Japan cupped his chin. "So narrow that only one person can go at a time. I'll go first, then. Do you have a light?"
"Will the lighter I found earlier do? Be careful when you go." Prussia told them, handing over the lighter.