
England nodded and raised his hands in front of him. "Yeah! That really bought us some time!"
Magic circles appear below the monster as England chanted his spell,
"----Im--pe--dimenta!!!"
The Thing gets paralysed, surprising and relieving everyone at the same time.
"It can't be..." Italy said under his breath.
America motioned everyone to fight, "Let's go!!"
Germany rushed over to his shaking friend, "Italy! Are you all right?!"
"Get your weapons!! Let's all attack together!" Prussia told them, clutching his awesome sword.
"I'm ready to go any time." China said.
England, on the other hand, was starting to stagger and panted, seeming to almost look like all his energy has been drained, "Ha~... Ha~... Haa~!!"
"England! You did a great job! You can stop now!" America shouted.
England nodded and slowly closed his eyes before collapsing on the floor. "Sorry ... You take it... from here..."
With their great number, they had the advantage of getting more damage on the monster. Gunshots, sword clashing, flashes of light and other forms of attack were thrown towards the Thing. The countries were fighting with all their might, along with a girl who stood behind them, giving them food and drinks that seemed to miraculously rejuvenate them and allow them to continue fighting. It was a long and hard battle, but they were able to bring the said monster to its limits, making it cease fighting back.
America's Party was victorious!
2 EXP were received!
100HETA were obtained!
Onigiri was found! Hot Pepper was found!
--
The Thing went out through the door, leaving everyone else in the room.
"W-we defeated it...?" Japan said, unsure.
Prussia looked at his hands and marvelled at what they've achieved. "I-I'm so awesome..."
"As expected from a hero! ... Oh, we have to heal England." America exclaimed as he made his way to their magical companion who collapsed earlier.
He goes over to pick England up and carry him on his shoulders.
"Is he all right? I don't really know what he did, but it looked like he used a lot of energy." Germany said with a worried expression.
America smiled, "He's fine! He just needs to sleep a little and he'll wake up in no time! I just wish we could get him somewhere better to sleep..."
China sighed, "That's a more pressing matter."
"Germany. You know a place, right?" ______ said, making the others raise an eyebrow.
Germany looked confused, but nodded. "......Yes. I'll show you the way."
"What?" Japan creased his forehead.
"I've experimented it several times, so I think it's all right. I have no idea how _____ knows about it...but, I'll save the questions for later. Japan, remember that thick door on the second floor?" Germany asked.
"What? Oh... Yes, I remember." Japan told him.
Germany looked at his comrades looking relieved. "Let's go there. ... Finally, I'm going to be of some use, too."