
I dream about the things I want to happen.
The things that are happening.
The things that happened.
There are times when I dream and I know that I'm dreaming. Just like right now.
I am not sure what kind of dream I am dreaming right now, but I think that it might be something...from long, long ago.
=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=
(((DREAM)))

I was inside a house. A very large house, at that. It didn't look like the mansion where I was with the countries. No. This house seemed so familiar. So familiar, yet I cannot remember exactly whose house it is or where that house was located. I wanted to recall further about it, but then I saw a little girl run past me.


She was very excited about something. She seemed a lot younger than I am now, yet she was more full of life than I am. Maybe it was because of all the things that I have been experiencing in that haunted mansion. I know I had so many things to face when I wake up from this dream...but I want my peace of mind right now. For now, I'd rather watch this dream play in front of me.


The little girl was wearing a cute red dress that went up to her knees. It was quite frilly and followed the girl's movements as she skipped across the halls.


She suddenly stopped when she was at the end of the corridor. "Oh!~ Hello! This place is really fun!" she told someone. Who was she talking to? I couldn't see the person because there was a large cabinet in the hall that obscured the him or her.


The person replied to the little girl, but quite strangely, I wasn't able to distinguish if it was a man or a woman. It's like the voice was muffled or something, but I could understand perfectly when that person said, "That's right, sweetie~ Would you like to play a game with me?~"


"Of course, I'd love to!!" the little girl bounced up and down.


I wanted to move closer to them, but it was like I was glued to my place. Though I heard the person say, "Alright, then, sweetie! How about we play 'hide and seek'? You count while I go hide!"


"B-But...I can't count that much yet!" she sort of whined.


The person she was talking to pat her head. "It's okay! It's my house, so I know how to hide really fast!~"


"Okay, then!" the little girl replied. She then covered her face with her hands. I heard footsteps walking swiftly away from the little girl. At that, the girl counted.


"1...
