
Japan looked at his Italian friend, with concerned eyes.
"Italy"
The Italian then snapped out of his daze and replied, "Oh, sorry, Japan. The note I got was La."
England nodded and spoke, "So, the notes we heard were Si, Re, Sol, and La."
"Let's take a look at the keyboard!" Italy suggested.
Russia inspected the keyboard and let out a quiet "Hmm..."
The others couldn't quite get what to get from the numbers on the white piano.
Canada, on the other hand, analysed the keyboard carefully and thought deeply about all the possible solutions. Finally, it hit him.
"......Oh! I've got it!I think I know how to solve this!" Canada said as snapped his fingers. His voice was a bit louder than usual.
Everyone's attention was on him now.
"It's a very simple password. You see, first, the notes that played were these four." He continued.
Japan looked at the keyboard once more and agreed. "You're right. There are even these numbers on the keys."
"So, it's 4269?" England concluded.
Canada shook his head. "No, not yet. Now, when you look at the piece of paper that Germany and Italy found...
... it's like this."
Canada put the two papers together.
"It matches the colours of the numbers on the keyboard.
If we match the numbers with their respective colours...
See? A perfect match."
I clapped my hands in amazement. I knew that he'd be the one to solve this in the game...but to actually hear it from him in his voice...feels so different. I also saw how he really thought about this carefully. It makes me wonder why in the world this guy's always forgotten.
"When you put it that way, it is rather simple.Well, then, let's head to that safe." Germany said as he motioned us to leave the piano room.
"Yes."
Everyone started to leave the room. Almost everyone...
I waited til the guys were going downstairs before I stopped walking. I leaned on the wall in the hallway outside the piano room.
I heard Italy talk to himself.
"Haa... They solved it, after all..."
My heart suddenly started to pound nervously. I know this part of the game.
"Odd. I thought I'd done everything right, but it was no use, after all...I guess I really shouldn't have given them a hint." He said in a sad tone.
"But... No, never mind.I'm sure this is the right thing to do." He assured himself.
"Although...this _____ girl was something unexpected. This...never happened before."
I suddenly tensed up from where I stood when I heard my name.
"No matter. I'm not making a mistake, right? Right.
Yep. I'm not making a mistake. I'm not making a mistake at all! But I wonder if Japan will get mad at me..." He thought out loud.
He gave a depressed chuckle. "Ahaha. Germany definitely will...He won't want to be my friend any more!"
"We're almost there..."