
---CHAPTER III: The Allies (Part 1)---
~Reader-chan's PoV~
Japan and I venture to the other room on the same floor. There, we found a lever.
A sign reads:
Up is Heaven.Middle is Earth.Down is Hell.
So, I push the lever down. The lever breaks, and then a hole is revealed on the floor.
While Japan was inspecting the floor, I accidentally pushed him down and I followed suit. We landed in the piano room on the floor below. Japan inspects the piano and even plays something on it.
"Oh wow. It's not off-tune yet." I remarked.
"Amazing, isn't it? Now that we're here, let's go check out the other rooms on this floor." Japan said.
We went outside and entered a room which seems to be a library. There, I saw a man wearing a blue military uniform, what made him more noticeable was his curl sticking out from his brown hair. I retreated back outside the door to the library.
Japan was curious as to why I retreated.
"______-chan..? Is the monster there again?" He asked nervously.
I shook my head slowly. "N-No...there's a person..." I told him. After that, he hurriedly went inside the library.
I know him... this person is none other than...
"Italy!!" I heard Japan say as he went inside the room.
I went closer to the doorway and peeked inside. The two began conversing.
"Japan! You're okay!!" Italy exclaimed.
"Yes, thank God. Somehow."  Japan said, relieved.
"Right after you left, a monster suddenly appeared from the hallway and came after us. Germany was the first to scream.You... heard him, didn't you?" He said, tilting his head to the side.
Japan shook his head. "No, not at all..."
"I see. Germany's scream surprised me, too, and I was too confused at the time and
tried to run away and leave you behind. I'm sorry, Japan...
But the front door wouldn't open no matter what and we split up while running away." Italy said with a sullen look on his face.
"No need to apologise. Anyone would have done the same ina situation like that.Even me.
Still... what on Earth is going on in this house? The exit door and the windows can't be opened. Our cell phones don't work, either." Japan said.
"Yep. It looks like we're locked up.. But! I'm so glad I found you, Japan!! Aren't you hurt or anything? Aren't you hungry?" Italy asked with a worried look.
"I'm fine. But... you're surprisingly calm about this, Italy. You were even wandering around the house..." Japan said.
"Well... When that monster appeared,I wanted to cry and cling to Germany, but...Well, both Germany and Prussia were falling apart, too.
So I figured someone needed to keep a level head, and even I was amazed by how calm I felt!
And then I began to look around for everyone so we could get out of here as soon as possible!" Italy said.
Japan nodded. "That makes sense...I was startled at first, too, but after seeing everyone else so flustered, I felt oddly calm."