
Rummaging through my bag quickly, I took a swiss knife and two riceballs. I ran closer to where they were.

Not really as trained with knives as Luciano, I tried my best to at least hit the monster with my weapon.

"Take this!" I called out as I threw the swiss knife at the creature. Miraculously, I hit its forehead, causing the Thing to recoil a little.

Luciano approached me. "You....you hit it.... but what the heck are you doing?"

"Saving your ass. Now, here, eat this." I told him, handing him the two riceballs.

He gave me a confused and almost sounded irritated. "I appreciate you hitting it a bit, but now is not the fucking time for a picnic."

"No, you idiot. Just eat it. You know that I know how this game works. Now, eat the freaking riceballs already!" I ordered him. He was irritably hesitant, but started munching on it anyway. As soon as he finished it, I checked his HP bar on the screen. It went back to full after he ate the two riceballs as I have told him.

".......What...." he muttered under his breath.

I grabbed his shoulders to make him face the direction where the monster was starting to walk. "Yes. Cool. I know. It's going to be on active attack mode later, so you better work your knife-throwing prowess there." I said.

Out of nowhere, he suddenly had more knives in between his fingers. How the hell does he do that? I backed up a bit and watched as Luciano started attacking the monster with his switchblades, with his newly regained strength, he was able to hit with increased precision and accuracy. The creature gave its attacks here and there, but he was able to dodge it. After several exchanges of hits, I noticed Luciano looking fatigued.

"....Luciano!! Are you alright? Can you still fight?" I asked him in a worried tone.

He was silent for a few moments when he answered slowly, "....Si."

With one final hit against the monster, the Thing finally disappears.

I hurriedly rushed over to Luciano, who leaned against the wall, panting and his eyes closed.
Seeing that he was fine overall, I breathed a sigh of relief. "You're okay. That's a relief. I thought the monster was going to give another critical attack a while back. Good thing you quickly evaded it."


He didn't say anything.


Uncomfortable with the silence, I took a few steps back. What am I doing? For a second there, I was like all friendly with Luciano. Goodness, he must be completely irritated.

"Why?" he asked in a low voice.

I creased my forehead. "Huh?"