


The girl looked around her and saw the others didn't want to meet her gaze. She looked down and spoke, her lips trembling,


"Guys...


I've told Japan and Prussia about this before...and I'll say it again.



....<i>I'm scared.</i>



I'm really scared about what could happen--not only to myself, but also about you guys! The whole time I've been here, I've constantly debated with myself on what I should do, what I should not do, how I can help, how not to be a burden...


....I'm really sorry. I have the information....but I am so afraid of the consequences of telling you guys something that could end up in the worst if used at the wrong time.


I want to help you guys, really. I can guide you, but I can't give you all the information. I know that I'll be useless if I don't tell you guys everything... but...I can't risk it. Because even if you guys don't know me, I know you. Even if you were all  fictional in my world, I've grown fond of all of you guys. "


Germany's eyes widened for a bit, then softened. He walked up to the girl and placed a hand on her shoulder, ".....I'm sorry. I didn't know you had these feelings bottled up inside you. I didn't even consider how difficult it had been for you. You know, I've noticed that you're case is a bit similar to Italy's. I apologise for not being considerate of your feelings."


"Si. I really appreciate you thinking about us, bella. We're almost on the same boat, I understand why you did so. Even I felt scared when I had to go through all those timeloops and knowing what was going to happen to who... Ehehe... Though my memories are kind of hazy right now. " Italy told the girl, trying to comfort her as well.


"It's alright, you guys. We can't expect Italy to remember everything all of a sudden, and we can't expect (Name) just to spoonfeed us the information or give us a risky shortcut... But we got the gist of what we needed to know." Canada said.


France raised a hand. "To sum it up, we died the first time around, and Italy went back in time, right? And Italy is the only one who can keep going back until all of us can get out. The fille, on the other hand, is from another world and got lost here, and now will try to help us out out of this mansion by guiding us."


"I'm glad that (Name)-chan was finally able to tell the others about her situation...but I still find something wrong about Italy's case. I'm sure I saw a past in which Italy lost his life.If that past is real, then who on Earth went back in time?" Japan thought.