
England walked over to them. "(Name), love. You're safe!" he gave a sigh of relief.
"Dudeeetttteee!" America rushed over to the girl and glomped her.
She giggled and tried freeing herself from the energetic American's embrace. "A-America, I can't breathe. Hahaha."
"Oh! Sorry! We were just really worried about you." he said as he let go of the girl.
She smiled. "T-Thanks."
The slim Japanese man went beside (Name) and faced her. "We're so glad that you're finally here, safe and sound at that. Where have you been..?"
She suddenly looked down and shifted nervously. "O-Oh...I'm sorry for worrying you guys...about that...I, well...You see..." her eyes searched for someone. Her gaze suddenly fell upon the Northern Italian lying on on one of the beds beside his brother.
"......I...sort of knew that Italy was going to lock you guys in...so I stayed behind and hid in a room so that after Italy left the basement, I'd be able to...get you guys out of the cell..." she explained.
Japan cupped his chin. "I see...we sort of thought that was the case before...but how come you didn't come back after that?"
"W-Well....while I was looking for a room to hide in...I bumped into a monster." she told them.
France gasped. "Mon dieu! What did you do then?"
"...I ran as fast as I can to get away from the monster and I...uhm, hid in one of the closets and sort of..well somehow...fell asleep in there...I'm sorry." she chuckled nervously.
Canada walked up to her and patted her shoulder. "It's okay, (Name)... I guess that's probably because you were fatigued, naturally you'd need some rest. We're just glad you're safe."
"Thanks..." she smiled.
Spain headed over to where the girl was. "Hola, chica! So you're the one they were all fussing about~"
".......Spain..." she blurted out. Realising this, she covered her mouth on reflex.
With wide eyes, England spoke, "So she does know..." turning to (Name), he continued. "Don't worry, love. Japan and Prussia have informed us about what you know already. Well, some of it, at least."
"You guys...believe me?" she asked.
America placed an arm over the girl's shoulder and faced her. "Of course, dudette! It was kinda hard to believe at first and it did sort of sound impossible to happen--but hey, it's nothing new anymore ever since we got stuck here in this mansion!"
"...Thanks, hero." she gave a small smile at the American.
At that, America let go of her and gave his signature laugh. "HAHAHA! No problem!"
"Ugh, I swear, love, if you keep calling him like that, it'll get to his head." England groaned.
Prussia turned to the girl. "Frau, would you like to rest some more over there? The West-made beds are really comfy. You don't need to stress out that much."
She shook her head. "Thank you, but it's fine. I did say that I slept earlier. I want to help out or at least talk about what to do next..."
====
~~~Reader's PoV~~~
"Alright then, why don't we all sit down and think about what would be the best course of action." Japan said, taking a seat beside me.