
HetaOni (Hetalia x Reader) Prologue
~~~
Games are supposed to be for entertainment. They're supposed to bring you happiness, but they can also give you lots of other feelings like sadness, anger, stress, fear, excitement, and others.
You might even also feel regret.
But games will be games. If you are unsure of your next actions, you save your game to make sure. If you get a "Game Over", you can start over. Or, if you simply do not want to play the game anymore, you exit the game. You stop playing. And of course, if you want to play that game again, you can restart it. You could do all that because it's just a game.
But what if it wasn't just as game?
What if...it was a reality?
Now, reality is a lot different from games. In reality, you can't save your present action or have a checkpoint in life. You have to risk your all. You have no choice but to go for it, and take responsibility for your actions and the consequences that go along with it.
In reality, you can't get a "Game Over", because that just inevitably means your end. That's why there is a great value for all the things that you do with that life that you have.
In reality, if things don't go your way and you want to stop it all, you can't just leave it. You don't have that power to. You have to figure a way on your own, and with your abilities limiting you.  Sometimes, even if you want to stop going on, you have no choice but to. Things won't stop just for you. The whole world won't. Neither will time.
In reality, if you want to start over again...you can. But it will never be the same as it was before. And of course, starting over again isn't that simple. The remnants of the past happenings will still be there. You cannot go back and change those things. What happened has happened. You have no choice but to move forward.
That's how reality works.
But that's not what you want, right?
You, like many others, love to escape reality and delve into games. Even just for a little while, you can forget the gloom of reality and enjoy the entertainment that games give to you.
Especially if it was a game about your favourite Hetalia characters.
But what you don't know is that sometimes, it's not all fun and games.
Will you still go on, even if you know that you will face the dangers, the pain, the sadness, and the horrors that that not-so-simple game--HetaOni, can give you?
It is up to you to decide, ________.