
J: Wow, it's pitch black in here.Where is the switch?
Thing appears and battle begins. It was a close one, I keep on getting stunned and my attacks keep on missing...but I managed to win in the end.
After battle, Japan obtains a key.
After that, he purchased Onigiris and Beer from the toilet and fully restored his HP and MP.
Well ain't that convenie---!
My laptop screen suddenly turned black.. To my dismay, the battery had run out. Dangit! I placed the laptop back in my bag and pouted. Well, it's back to staring blankly out the window. Eventually, my eyes began to slowly droop and I fell into a deep sleep.
----------------
When I woke up, I realised that our car was already parked. I looked out the window and saw that we were in a forest. It seems like we're finally here.
"Mom, is this the pl--" I stopped.
There was no one in the car. Well, they must've brought their bags inside the house already. I put on my bag and got out of the car. I scanned the area. It looks so empty. Maybe Auntie didn't have the place renovated, after all. As I walked towards the front door, I looked at the huge house before me. It's been years since I've been here, but... it looks so different..? Does time really change things that much?
The front door was open so I went inside. Where are my parents? My Aunt? There should be people down here, right? The door then closed behind me. I tried to open it again, but...it won't budge.
"Wh-What the?!" I said frantically. I was literally freaked out right now. Though, the situation seems oddly familiar... I tried to use my cellphone to call my mother.
...... No signal.....
Great.
When I turned away from the door, someone was there... but that person gave me a shock of a lifetime.
No. way.
I looked at the slim man before me. He had black hair and brown, nonreactive eyes. He was wearing an all-white uniform with a sword by his side....and a couple of onigiris and beers in his hands. It's....Japan?... I had a very surprised look on my face. He seemed to be shocked to see me, as well.
"A-Ano... How did you get in here?" He asked slowly.
"I... I thought... I thought that this was my Aunt's house...so I went inside...but... it l-looks like I-I...can't get out...." I said, my voice was trembling. I was realising what this situation is... This unimaginable situation...
"Oh dear. This is really bad. Uhm... I'm here, so please calm down..." Japan said as he approached me. He had a look of concern and worry.
Is this a dream? I pinched my self... It hurt. God. Oh no. I then gave out a heavy sigh.
"Please don't leave me alone." I pleaded.
"O-Of course, I won't. Now, there there... Unfortunately, I don't know how to get out of here either.. and I've been looking for my other friends who are in this house, as well. But worry not. We'll find a way out together." He said.
"Th-Thanks..." I said. I still have no idea if all this is real or not...but what he said was kind of reassuring, so I began to calm down. The man took a step back.
"Ah. Allow me to introduce myself. I am.."
Part of me wanted him to be that character from my favourite anime....but the other part of me knew...that if it really was him...and we're here...locked up in this mansion... It could possibly mean my end...