

Turning to face him, I spoke, "No...No...That's not it at all. I would never want my parents to be harmed in any way...but... but...I can't just leave...Italy and the others... Luciano...I... I won't tell them about you guys... Just please...let me see them..."

"Fine." he said simply.

Not expecting him to answer like that, I raised an eyebrow and repeated what he said, "...'Fine'...?"

"That's right, ragazza. I will allow you to go meet with your First Player friends. We won't hurt your parents for doing that, either." the auburn haired Italian told me.

I took a step back and stared at him.

"...What's the catch?" I asked.

Once again, his magenta coloured orbs lit up with a strange glint in them. He chuckled, a bit louder this time. "Amazing. Sometimes, you make me feel like I'm talking to a total airhead. But there are really times  you actually prove yourself otherwise. Si. There is a catch...."

Tilting my head, I ushered him to continue.

"I will allow you to go meet with your First Player friends, without us having to hurt your parents at all....but if....and only if...

...you help us retrieve something vital."

My eyebrows furrowed, trying to think of what could possibly be needed by these Second Players. I tried coming up with possible items, but it all seemed to be unnecessary....what could it be? Giving up, I inquired, "...Retrieve what?"

"....It's some sort of metal piece."

Crossing my arms, I gave him a look of disbelief. "Luciano...how could I possibly look for something like that if you're just going to give me that vague description."


"Ah. No no no, ragazza~ You won't have a problem finding it."


"Uh-huh. Then tell me where I can get it for you and get this over with..."

He gave a smirk and spoke, "Simple. It's in the hands of those First Players. Currently, I heard it's held by the German First Player. He probably got it from my useless counterpart. It's easy, ragazza. Just take the metal piece and give it back to us, after that, you're free to do whatever you want. You could be on our side, or you could be on theirs. Since I know you'll probably choose the First Player's side, let me tell you this...They're the dying team here. Saying that, you'd still probably go along with them. But we won't care anymore...as long as you give us the what we need."

After hearing and analyzing what he just said, I felt something was off.

"This...metal piece...won't the First Players need it, too? I mean, if they took it with them...it's gotta be important..." I told him slowly.