
"Luciano Vargas. We need answers. Now." Flavio said in a low voice, far from his usual cheery one.
The Second Players were currently in their base, about to hold a tense discussion. They've been through so many confusing events earlier, and now they felt like they were going to go even more mad than they already were. In the end, they were successful in getting (Name) back to them, but not all things went according to plan.
One thing was that the other 2Ps found out that it wasn't the girl's first time loop--and that they couldn't remember a single thing about it.
Another would be that, for some unknown reason, the (h/c) haired girl had lost her memories without their intervention.
Luciano shook his head. "I can't tell you right now."
"And why the fuck not?! We deserve to know!" Allen exclaimed angrily.
Oliver hushed the redhead in a depressed manner. "Allen, language... and quiet down, the poppet might hear you."
"She's in the other room, the walls aren't that thin, old man. And what happened to you?" Allen asked, curious about Oliver's change in character.
Matthieu thumped his brother's head. "Probably 'cause his beloved 'poppet' doesn't remember him, you dipshit."
"Enough about that. Our questions are still left unanswered." Kuro told them, turning to the magenta-eyed Italian.
Luciano frowned. "I already told you, I'll answer them--but not right now."
"How do you even know more than we do? We all went to this place together." Francis said, suspicions breeding in his mind.
Looking away, Luciano muttered. "We.....did."
"Then how come we didn't know about the girl's previous death or about even about the girl herself?!" Zao asked.
Luciano just stayed silent and ignored the question.
Nikolai squinted his eyes. "Why aren't you telling us everything? Are you hiding something from us? Are you going to betray us or something?"
"I'm not!" Luciano replied, angry at the accusations against him.
Lutz crossed his arms. "Then what did you do? How come we don't remember?"
Reaching his limits, Luciano finally snapped and shouted,
"How could you guys possibly remember?! It's not even your first timeloop!!!"
And as that revelation was made, it was like the whole room was placed in a painful standstill.
=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=
Meanwhile in a room next to where the Second Players were discussing, a (age)-year old girl was idly walking around, singing a strangely familiar song.
"Ma...rukaite....chikyuu...." she sung slowly, not even knowing what the words meant. It just flowed from her mouth. It gave her a warm, happy feeling.
Her friends told her that they needed to talk about something, so she needed to stay in a different room from them for a while. She understood and patiently waited.
She continued to sing that familiar song. "Marukaite...chikyuu...Maru...kaite...chikyuu....boku...." she paused. "Huh? I can't remember the next word..."
While she was trying to recall the next lines of the song, she heard giggling from behind her.
Turning around, she saw a little girl wearing a cute, frilly, red dress that went up to her knees.