
Allen sat on a chair beside me and raised his feet up the table. "While those bastards where losing their shit, we were made to do all the dirty work for them.
Hey, it was mighty fine and all, beating people up, breaking their bones, making them puke blood out and all them pleasuring screams of pain--we couldn't get enough of it. It was what drove us on. But then! Then those fucking retards--"
"America! Watch your language, I told you! Stop saying those bad words in front of the poppet!" Oliver snapped while he was reading some sort of spell book.
"Whatever, old man! I do what I want." Allen retorted.
Oliver puffed his cheeks and muttered something like, "you meanie jerkface sassafrass", then continued scanning his spellbook.
Allen crossed his arms. "Hmph. Now, where was I? Ah, yeah... Then those 'First Players' decided to stop us."
I raised an eyebrow, "Stop you?"
"Well, even though we sort of saw it coming, the war was supposed to end at some point." 2P! Canada answered. "While we were doing what we were created for, they backed out and decided that the war had to stop and that they all could make amends and have 'peace'."
"Si... But you know, it was actually fine with us because we knew that even if the war ended then, one day another one will stir up and we'd be back in the battlefield once more." Luciano said, toying with his switchblade.
"Oh. Then it was actually okay with you guys.. what was the problem, then?" I asked them.
"The problem was, they wanted to get rid of us." 2P! France said.
"What? Why?"
"Well, say you did something bad like, break porcelain or whatever...will you just leave it there and tell everyone that you broke it?" 2P! China asked me.
I gave a confused look, "N-No... I'd probably throw it away to hide the evidence and well, hope that they don't find out?"
"Exactly. That's what *they* have done to us." 2P! Germany said.
Kuro spoke, "They figured that if they left us to roam freely in public, they will be reminded of all the mistakes they have done in the past. Every single speck of their said evils portrayed in countries that almost look like their mirror-images."
"They tried having us eliminated from this world, but since we have their likeness as a country, too--the only thing that they could do was to banish us. That was not pretty at all, honey." 2P! Romano explained.
2P! Russia finished his bottle of vodka and spoke, "They made us flee from our homes. Rid us of essential needs in hopes that one day, we might somehow die and disappear. They never even acknowledged us from saving their hands from half of the bloodshed! They denied that we existed. They denied us of our existence."
"Right.. What were we to do then? All we could do was stay in this blasted forest. We built homes around here from time to time, but without people in it..it just wasn't enough. We were made to feel all the emptiness, doom and despair..." 2P!Prussia said in a remorseful tone.
"We--We were made to exist in this world without purpose. Without meaning. Tch. We weren't even allowed to kill like how we used to before. We were deprived of everything. What were we supposed to do?!" Allen exclaimed.
I was about to answer, "Fi-"
"--Get back at them, of course." 2P! China cut me off.
"Dangit! Really? Really? Even the 2P version of China cuts me off my sentences, really?" I thought to myself, pouting.