
"And also... it's like everytime I try to say something, I always get cut off."
She muttered something under her breath. "China.."
"What was that?" I asked her, not exactly catching what she said.
She shook her head. "N-Nothing. Anyways, I'm pretty sure I won't be interrupted this time..Well, I hope. And... I hope that I won't cause damage by telling you all that I know about this..."
"Don't worry, frau! We already found a way out and the awesome me is here with you! Now, just tell us what happens next." Prussia told her while giving her shoulder a friendly pat.
_____ nodded. "....Okay, then. This game...is nowhere near over yet."
Prussia's eyes widened. "W-What??!"
"I...You know...You guys have no idea how this whole story tears my heart apart. I'm scared. I...I'm really scared about what will happen--not only about myself, but also about you guys! The whole time I've been here...I've constantly debated with myself about what I should do, what I should not do, how I can help, how not to be a burden... I'm really sorry. I have the information...but I was so afraid of what'll happen if I used it wrong." she said, her eyes welling up.
"C-Calm down, ____-chan. It's okay. We understand... But you said you've played this before, right? Then...you should already know what to do and not to do...?" I asked her.
"I already told you guys, didn't I? There are just times when my mind bursts with all the info...but then there are also times when it's just...blank. The inconvenience of this is that...I can't use the information I knew whenever I want." she told us with a sullen expression.
"Oh..." Prussia said as he looked down.
"When I played this game, I always had the 'Save game' option to rely on. When I'm unsure of the next step to take, I save the game. If it doesn't turn out right, I could easily reload the game and try again." she explained.
Prussia and I nodded, understanding what she meant.
"But...guys...this is...reality. Well, I'm still unsure of that but this is too realistic to call a dream. So...it's my current reality. I can't save at any checkpoint. I can't afford to take in too much risk...because the price to pay would probably be someone's life! And I can't do that! You guys... You may not know this, but I've grown very fond of you all. I've known and cared about you guys as anime characters before...but now... you guys are real. All real and in the flesh. What more now? I can't risk it." she told us, looking so fragile, like she was about to break.
Prussia also sensed this and pulled the girl into a hug and patted her head. "I'm...really touched, frau. I'm really sorry if I almost doubted you back there. But you know, we're all here now and it's safe to tell us what we can do for whatever may happen next."
"I feel the same as Prussia. We're really thankful for all your help so far, you know? You've been guiding us this whole time without us knowing. But please know you're not alone." I told her. It's a lot to process, what she said...but, from what she told us, she's done so much not just for herself, but for us.
Prussia broke away from the hug so he could face the girl. "Ja! You've monitored us and watched over us. Now, let us do the same thing for you. Let us be there for you. "
She wiped away a tear from her cheek and looked at us. "....Thank you... Alright then... I'm really happy you guys told me that, but you should also tell that to someone else."