


"--Wait...but wasn't that...locked?!" England exclaimed.


The girl shook her head, "I have no idea how, but it was seriously open when I arrived....ah but.... When I stepped inside, I tried to call my parents, but there was no signal here. So, I decided to go back outside.....and that's when I tried to open the front door again...only that time....it was locked for good. I didn't budge anymore."


"That's the time when I was on my way back to the second floor.... the time I bumped into (Name)-chan." Japan added, giving a small smile.


(Name) smiled back and spoke, "Right. I was incredibly shocked when I realised where I was and what situation I was in when I met Japan. Seriously, of all the instances to be able to meet you guys in real life---it just had to be HetaOni."


"....'HetaOni'?...What do you mean by that?" Germany asked, crossing his arms in confusion.


The girl's (eye colour) orbs darkened for a while before she continued, "The name came from combining the title of your anime, 'Hetalia'....and 'oni'....meaning...."


"....'demon'... I see..." Japan finished for me, starting to realise and understand.


China gasped and covered his mouth with his long sleeves. "And by 'demon'.... you're referring to.....that Thing that's chasing after us?!"


"Correct... HetaOni is actually an RPG game about you guys being stuck in this mansion and chased by that oni.


In my case right now, it still seems like I'm playing a game because I can monitor you guys through a game screen." she waved her hand in front of her to open a holographic menu screen.


"Huh? But I don't see anything." Romano commented.


The girl waved her hand again to close the menu and spoke,

"I don't know how that works, either, but it seems like I'm the only one who can see it." the girl replied.


England tilted his head. "Some sort of screen? Ah.. so that's why I've seen you do that gesture a few times before."


"Yeah. Also...I have played this game before... so all this time... I sort of knew what was happening and who was going to do what and stuff...." she said, slowly turning to face Italy, who has looked so confused and shocked during the whole explanation.