
....what I mean is, they just keep going back in time to escape this mansion--after all the effort we put in getting rid of them! Then...you came along."
I took a step back at what he said. "And what do I have to do with this?"
He giggled. "Silly poppet~ We were the ones who got you here in the first place. After doing research, we figured we needed someone from a different dimension to help us out...and that just so happened to be--YOU!~" he said, pointing at me.
"How--How is that even possible?!" I demanded to know.
"Well, I do have magical powers~ While we were here in the mansion, I decided to open a portal to a dimension where we'll get information on how to permanently get rid of those...other us... and you were that person who had the information. We've watched you, poppet."
It was too much to process, but it was somehow slowly making sense...
"S-So...you mean the...cupcake that I ate was..."
"Oh! That was from me! I'm glad that you loved it~"
"What...was in it?"
"Don't worry, there wasn't anything dangerous. Just...a spell or two."
I creased my forehead, "...a spell?"
"Well, I placed two spells on it. One was for you to fall asleep after a few hours, and the other was to have you only give information to us. If you tried, you'd feel faint. ...But it looks like the latter spell was already wearing off."
So that explains it. The feeling of weakness and numbness. The blurring of my vision...it was...because of the cupcake?...
"It was...all you guys..." I managed to mutter.
"Yes~ You know, we were about to fetch you when you fell asleep...but you were the one who got inside the mansion yourself! Bravo, poppet! We actually don't know how you got here without a portal, but it was delightfully convenient~"
I shook my head. "No...it's...this is all a mistake."
"It's not a mistake, poppet. It was almost all according to plan."
"Almost?"
"Yes. What we didn't anticipate was," he gave an annoyed look but didn't look at you in the eyes, "was that you'd be found by those...'First Players'..."
We were both silent for a while, until he spoke up.
"You're coming with us, poppet."
A look of both confusion and shock was shown in my face. "Wh-Why would I?"
His eyes suddenly swirled pink. "...In the first place...you were supposed to be ours."
"N-No I wasn't!"
"Don't worry, poppet! After we kill those people--we'll get you out of here safely, how does that sound?~"
I cannot believe what I was hearing. Do they honestly think that I'd allow them to do such thing?! Japan...Italy...England...Prussia...and all the others...they've been so kind to me. They protected me. And they're all...suffering...because of this sick mansion--which all happened to be a twisted game by these Second Players! No.
I will help my friends. My 1P! friends... Yes... they're my friends now...right?