
---CHAPTER V: Three Paths (Part 2)---
While Japan and the others distracted the monster, we all rushed out the door.
Canada, England and I rushed up the stairs. We were now in the hallway of the third floor. The two decided that we should take a short rest first. I offered them some biscuits which they gladly accepted.
While the two were busy munching on the biscuits, I turned away from them, pretending to fix my bag. But what I really did was waved my hand in front of me to check the menu screen.
It was a black screen with three options.
Play which group?
>Japan, Russia & China >Germany & Italy >England & Canada & _____
I decided to select Japan's group first to check up on them.
======
>Japan, Russia & China<
China took a quick look around the room. "Everyone has already escaped."
Japan nodded. "Yes, everyone except us."
"It's not often the three of us get to do something together~ This is going to be kinda fun!" Russia said cheerfully.
"I wish we would work together a little more harmoniously." Japan said.
China turned to Japan. "If you want the three of us to be all chummy and smiley, I have a sinking feeling..."
"I suppose you are right. A union like this would be more fitting." Japan agreed.
Russia looked at Japan and spoke, "Japan, can't you just beat the Thing with that amazing technique you used before?"
Japan shook his head. "Oh. Well, you see, when I was under the impression that this was America's doing, I got a little exasperated at him. It was the last straw, and that was the result.
Now that I know what is going on, I can no longer do it. My anger has completely faded away."
"When we go home, I'll treat you to your favourite Chinese dish. Until then, do your best!" China encouraged.
Japan's face suddenly lit up. "Oh! I look forward to it. Well, then, that will certainly motivate me to escape."
"I want to eat, too~ If we can get out of here alive, can I drop by your house? You won't mind, will you?" Russia asked China.
"If we can get out of here alive, I'll think about it." China said nervously.
"... Let's go!" Japan exclaimed.
The three then fought the Thing and after a tiring battle, the team won.
Onigiri was found!
------------------
"We won't lose a second time! But it's weird that it disappears like that... We can't tell whether we won or not." China said with a doubtful look.
"Well, at least it won't pollute the environment?" Japan said, unsure.
"Not quite~ Maybe this will never end and it'll keep appearing. It's getting really tiring..." Russia said, panting a little.
China approached Japan. "You're not hurt, are you?"
"No, your backup was perfect. Our opponent has also grown stronger compared with before. I would have had no chances had I fought alone. Thank you very much for your help." Japan said with a rare smile.