
Japan placed a hand on his chin. "It is only temporary, but it should do for one night, I suppose..."
"One night is good enough for me.I'm really tired from running around~" Italy chirped.
Germany nodded. "You're right. We ran a lot for one day. It makes me feel like having some beer..."
"Oh. I still have some here. Would you like some?" I asked.
Germany turned to me. "A-Ah. Is...there still enough for later?"
I looked into my bag, "There's about five more. And we can look for more later." I told him.
"Ah. Then, I'll have just one can." He said.
"Oi! What about me? I want some beer, too!" Prussia said.
Germany looked at his older brother and held up the can "Let's just share this one, bruder."
I rummaged through my bag again. I found some chips that I was unable to finish eating and munched on it. It was stale, but hey, I had no choice. I wanted to leave the other food for later.
Suddenly Italy spoke up,"I'm a little cold...I wonder if it's because of this house?"
"If I'm not mistaken, we found some matches.There is also enough firewood for one night,so we can warm up." Japan said.
Germany stood up. "Hm. I'll do it, then."
Prussia smiled at me. "Ooh! That's nice, huh?" I smiled back and nodded.
"Yes. I feel much better now that we have some light. And now I'm not alone, either." Germany said.
"Yeah~ But it was really scary at first! Even though Germany was the first to run away, it was me that monster chased after!" Italy said.
I didn't want to look at Italy in the eye so I just pretended to check up on my bag again.
"Yeah, you're right. I remember thinking 'No, not my precious little Italy!!' and then both the monster and Italy disappeared! And West had vanished, too." Prussia told us.
Germany looked a little embarrassed and spoke, "I hate supernatural things! B-besides...it's not like I just ran and hid? Well, never mind now. As long as we're all okay, it doesn't matter."
Japan agreed. "Yes, exactly. Besides, rather than think about how we acted in the past, we should discuss what to do from now on."
"I see. We can only conclude that that monster has really made us prisoners here. Though, having no way out is what really bothers me..." Germany stated.
"Indeed... I really wish I could go home. I've been waiting for several games that will be released soon..." Japan said.
Italy gave a pout. "Me, too. I can't eat pasta or pizza like this!"
"Mhhm..." I said quietly as I found a brush and decided to fix my (h/c) hair.
"Um, hey, you keep talking about a way out...If all the exits are locked, why don't we just make one ourselves?
Didn't you do that when you were prisoners of war, too? It's time to put that into practice now!" He exclaimed.
Japan stifled a giggle. "Huhu. That brings me memories, too. I miss those times when I kept trying to commit seppuku."
"Germany worked hard to make a way out for us. But this time, I'll do everything I can,too!" Italy said.