
=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=*=
Back in the second time loop, America, Germany, (Name), and Italy, were hiding in the piano room.
"It's that time again...I think we can go out now." Germany told them.
America turned to the Northern Italian and spoke in a concerned tone. "Italy, how's your headache? If it's too bad, I'll go look for the journal with Germany. The dudette can stay here with you, too. That alright, (Name)?" he said, turning to the (h/c) haired girl with them.
"Y-Yeah. No problem." (Name) replied, seeming to be a bit anxious.
Shaking his head, Italy spoke, "Oh, sorry. I'm fine. Let's look for the journal. Starting from the first floor-"
Suddenly, the door of the piano room was slammed open by someone. It was a blonde Brit with emerald eyes, wearing a green military uniform.
It was Past England.
"Oh?" he raised an eyebrow as he saw the four people who were in the room.
Italy jumped in surprise. America, on the other hand, mentally panicked when he saw the Brit. "England!" The American suddenly dashed over to Past England and grabbed his shoulders.

"Wh-what the hell, you again-Ow!" Past England winced as he felt the pressure on his shoulder.
America quickly let go and shuffled nervously. "Yeah...Um, what happened to your shoulder?" he asked as he noticed that the man in front of him felt pained.
"Nothing. It's...nothing." Past England replied, his gaze suddenly landing on a certain Northern Italian.
Italy noticed this and suddenly felt nervous and conscious of himself."Wh-what? Is there something on my face?"

"No. I see...That's it..." Past England replied, shaking his head.

America's eyes suddenly widened when he noticed  Past England's uniform was starting to have a growing red colour spreading on his shoulder. "England!! Your shoulder is bleeding!"
"Yeah, I know. Stop freaking out...Ow..." Past England told him, wincing in pain once more.
Italy took a step back. "England's clothes are getting red-Is that blood?! Why? He was fine when he came in." he thought.

Past England began to walk down the room to distance himself a bit.

"Say...America, what is your purpose here?" Past England asked.
America creased his forehead. "What?! W-well...to escape with everyone..."
"I know that. What I want to know is, why are you in this world?" Past England asked, facing them.
Gasping, America froze as he heard what the Brit just said.

"Want me to be...even blunter? Tell me what you, Italy, and Germany are doing here. Why have you come...to this world? And--why do you even have a young girl with you in this dangerous place?!" he exclaimed, noticing that there was an unfamiliar face of a girl with them.
