
---CHAPTER II: Finding Friends---
~Reader's PoV~
What...was that? I could've sworn I heard someone...
"_____? Any minute now, dear? It's going to be a long drive, you know?" My father called out.
"S-Sorry! I'm already going down the stairs!" I said frantically as I rushed down the steps.
---Le Time Skip---
My father wasn't kidding when he said it was a long trip. I spent my time gazing out the window. From the busy streets of the city of (city name) to the tranquil outskirts of it.
"Hey, _____. Did you know that your Aunt spent a ton of money to renovate her house?" My mother stated.
"Really? Her house is really huge, right? That must've cost a lot of money." I said.
"Well, you know her. Ever since her husband passed away, she's been spending so much time alone in her house. So when we told her we'd pay her a visit, she was so excited and wanted her house to look 'presentable', though it wasn't really necessary because we came to see her and not the house." My father said.
"But honey, she's also conscious about her looks, too. Though she's in quite her old age already, she puts on a lot of makeup. I told her she should look after her health more than her looks, but she won't listen. I'm kinda worried because her kids are abroad. Too far away." My mother said with a look of deep concern on her face.
"Aww. I thought I'd have some cousins to hang out with?" I said.
My father shook his head. "Sorry, dear. Your cousins are all working now and had to leave your Aunt. That's why we're on our way to give her some company, right?"
I shifted into a more comfortable position in the backseat and stretched my arms. My parents proceeded to talk about work matters, politics and blah blah things I don't need to listen to anymore.
I decided to open my laptop since I was getting quite bored. It won't last that long since I forgot to charge the fricking thing. Why am I cursed with such forgetfulness? This is a real problem.
Once the desktop appeared, I double-clicked on the shortcut for HetaOni and continued my previous game. I was already on the second chapter.
---CHAPTER II: Finding Friends---
I controlled Japan and went back to the Library and picked up a key.
Japan: A key? I hadn't noticed it before. Maybe that Thing dropped it during our fight.
Like, why would a monster even hold keys? :T I opened the menu and checked out where the key is to be used.
Fourth Floor Key: Opens the attic on the fourth floor.
I then headed for the fourth floor. I saw a red chair, a curtain... what was I supposed to do here? I can't remember..
I inspected some stuff and went to the bookshelf. I revealed an AmeriMochi. I remember now!
Japan: Oh, a mochi. Are you stuck?
Ah, I can't get you out. Not like this.
Poor thing... I think Germany might be able to get you out though. I wonder if he would come here for that?
Then again, maybe I will have to get HIM out.
...
No.
Anyway, I'll ask him.