
I faced him and spoke, "Allen Jones, or Al Jones..or just Al, if you like."
"Heh. Al, huh? Sounds good. Call me Al, from now on, doll." he winked at me.
Oliver took a break from looking for the spell and chimed in, "Ooh! But I think 'Allen' is a lovely name for you, dear~"
"No way. Don't call me that!" Allen told him.
"Hahaha! 'ALLEN'! 'ALLEN'!" 2P! Canada teased.
Allen thumped the Canadian's head. "Shut the fuck up. What's your name, anyway?!"
"He's Matthieu Williams. 'Matt' for short." I answered.
"That's a gay na--oof!" Allen got cut off when Matt punched his stomach.
The other 2Ps went huddled closer to us, excluding the two pairs of brothers who are in the middle of a fistfight.
I decided to just point and tell which name belonged to whom.
"Nikolai Braginski." I said, pointing at the large Russian chugging down another bottle of vodka.
He just placed his bottle on the table and mumbled a "hmm"
After that, I pointed to the Chinese man beside him who was smoking opium. "Wang Zao."
"Zao, huh?" he said whilst blowing smoke.
"Kuro Honda." I pointed at the Japanese man who just stared blankly at us. Probably silently judging.
I turned to the scar-faced Spaniard, "Andres Fernandez Carriedo."
"Ooh~ It's so long." Flavio commented.
"That's what he said." I said unconsciously. To my surprise, Allen and I said it at the same time. "Hey!~" the red haired American smirked and gave me a thumbs up--before he got uppercut by Matt. I held back a giggle.
"Gilen Beilschmidt. Or just Gil." I told 2P! Prussia.
He just hung his head low and sighed, "It's such a nice name. So nice it does not deserve a lowly sap like me. Then again, names are useful when writing tombstones or---"
"--Tch. Don't start on that again, bruder." 2P! Germany interrupted.
"Lutz." I said, pointing at him.
I walked over to the chair by the fireplace where Oliver was in a serious mood, scanning his spellbook.
"Oliver Kirkland." I said as I placed a hand on his shoulder.
He looked up to face me and gave a smile, "I already know that, poppet~ Actually, I think I want you to call me 'Ollie' if you feel like it!"
I tilted my head and gave a puzzled smile, "Sure. If you say so..Ollie."
"Ah. You may sit anywhere you like, poppet. I'll just be here searching for that spell." he told me, motioning me to leave him be for the time being.
I nodded and went over to sit on a chair and observe the others. Luciano and Flavio were done bickering. The latter was already admiring himself at one of the weird mirrors in the room while the former was polishing his knives.
Allen and Matt got tired of kicking each other's butts. Allen was munching on what I assume to be a veggie burger. Matt, on the other hand...was---is he gulping down maple syrup?! I... I am not sure. I don't need to pry.
Kuro was tending to his katanas, while beside him was Lutz who was reading a lewd magazine out in the open.