
"The blood on the floor...I mean, the numbers. A clock, maybe?" France suggested, as he looked down on the number he was stepping on. It was number 3.
Germany was nearby, so we approached him. "If possible, I want us to solve this without relying on Italy or on you, frau. I hope you don't mind me saying that." he said. "It's fine." I told him with a smile.
"This place feels weird. Be careful." Prussia said when he saw us.
Italy was standing near the switch, and he had a kind of apologetic look on his face. "Err...I remember how this room works. do you want me to tell you the answer?" he asked Japan.
"Oh, uhm, to be honest...I actually know how this room works, too." I confessed.
"No, it's quite alright. If our past selves were able to solve it, we should also be able to. You two don't have to interfere." Japan said, looking to and from me and Italy.
Italy giggled. "Ooh, so serious, japan~ Well, then, we'll just watch you for a while."
We then spotted Canada leaning on the wall. "Have you two...seen the picture on the wall?" he asked us.
"No, we haven't." Japan said, shaking his head.
Canada nodded. "You guys should. It's...disturbing."
Japan and I took a look at the picture on the wall next to Canada. The photo showed a moon that had an X mark over it written in blood.
"There's an X marked in blood on the moon." Japan said under his breath.
Canada stepped closer to us. "Have you...seen the picture on the wall?"
"We have" I told him.
It was then that the countries had decided to gather around and discuss what to do about this room. Knowing how this part played out, I walked over to stand beside France.
"Ohonhon~ Aren't you standing a little bit too close to me, jeune fille? Not that I don't like it." France winked.
Rolling my eyes, I just chuckled. "Oh, please. My reason's not what you think. But I'll let you believe what you believe." I told him. Just then, I noticed Canada, who seems like he wanted to say something. Our eyes met and I gave him an approving smile.
"There was an X on the moon." Canada said in a soft, but audible voice.
Japan nodded and looked across the floor. "And then there's the numbers on the floor... are they repressenting a clock? If we assume so...an X on the moon and a clock..."
Russia tilted his head. "It means...the time when the moon doesn't show up?"
"Hmm, right. But that's too broad. Maybe something to do with the seasons?" Germany suggested.
England rubbed his temples as he tried to think. "Maybe the moon tonight-no, no. Dammit...Our past selves did solve this, right?"
"Hm...Yeah, sort of." Italy told us.
America frowned as he gazed upon the floor. "Being outsmarted by myself is out of the question...Say, Italy...what's that switch at your feet?" the energetic American said as he walked over to step on the switch.
Italy's eyes widened. "Oh! Amer-"
All of a sudden, it seemed like electricity had flowed throughout the room and shocked us. I felt it, but it was only like static electricity.