
As for those two...
"Lutz! Kuro! Why the hell did you do that for?" Flavio asked them angrily.
Lutz rubbed his bruised cheek, which got hit by Francois and spoke, "...It was Luciano's orders."
"Wh-What...?" The blonde haired Italian gasped.
Nikolai stepped closer to us. "I have noticed...that the girl is not here. The Brit probably let her escape, da?"
"That's right. What he had done had drastically ruined our plans. He knew this and yet he still did it. That's why he needs to die." Kuro said.
Matt gave a glance at the unconscious strawberry blonde haired man. "He...really did that...?"
Lutz spoke, "Correct. It seems that he was too soft to not say no to the girl. A person like that is useless in our plans."
"You bitches! That's still no reason to try and kill him!" I shouted angrily.
Kuro turned to me. "Why are you defending that traitor? He could be the reason why your dear..'buddy' got killed! Have you ever thought of that? You have enough reason to be furious at him."
I clenched my fists. "You know what? I don't fucking care anymore about that. Oliver's...family. That man was the one who took care of me from the start...and even though what I'm saying sounds gay, I care about that cupcake-loving dork."
"....You do...?" I heard a voice behind me.
When I turned around, I saw Oliver trying to get up and coughing loudly. I rushed over to his side. "Idiot, don't push yourself too hard. Just stay still there."
"I honestly don't care about you and your 'family', so we're still going to do what we were ordered to do." Kuro told us.
Matt crunched his knuckles, "I don't think so, you asshats." Francois also went beside Matt and was about to back him up.
"Heh. Very well. We've been aching to get some blood on our hands." Lutz chuckled darkly.
The others didn't know whether to intervene or not, so just stayed put.
Flavio, though, decided to step in. "Hold on! We're not supposed to killing each other here!"
"Get out of our way." Lutz said as he was about to throw a punch at the blonde Italian, his hands got cut by a knife that flew past his knuckle.
"Tenerlo. I never said anything about laying a hand on my fratello. And I told you two to teach the Brit a lesson. I didn't tell you to kill him, did I?"
Our heads turned to face the auburn haired Italian who leaned on the doorway, he looked pissed off at his henchmen.
Flavio went over to his brother. "....L-Luci...you really did order them to hurt Oliver?"
"Si." he said simply.
I was about to get up and punch his guts when he spoke up once more.
"But we don't need to do that anymore." Luciano said.
"And why not?" Kuro asked, crossing his arms.
Luciano stepped inside the room and closed the door behind him.
"Because we're going to meet up with our dear 'First Players' really soon."