
---Chapter XIV: Goodbye (Part 5)---
///Third Person PoV///
Meanwhile, Japan, Prussia, and Romano walked out of the room that had blood numbers and walked through the hall that had a cell containing the different alien-like creatures.
"Remember. We must look for a secret door which is hidden somewhere in this mansion. Even the slightest changing detail in the environment can reveal something. Investigate the walls which look odd or different." Japan reminded his comrades.
When they went down a flight of stairs, they saw Spain and England. The Brit noticed them and spoke,  "Leave the fourth floor to us. You go downstairs." The three nodded and went downstairs.
"Leave the third floor to us. No acting on your own!" Canada called out when he saw the three walk down to the third floor. Understanding, they proceeded walking down another flight of stairs.
Russia stepped over to them when they got down and spoke, "We'll investigate the second floor. You take care of the first floor."
Knowing where they should finally search, Japan, Prussia and Romano went to the first floor and searched around. They tried looking through the halls and the kitchen, even went as far as the bathrooms. Then, they decided to go to the tatami rooms that were up the hall in the floor they were in.
Romano tried knocking on the walls to check if it was hollow or not. He reacted when he noticed one didn't sound the same as the others.  "Hm?"
"What's wrong, Romano?" Japan asked, walking over to the Southern Italian.
Romano furrowed his brows. "It sounded different when I knocked here." he replied, knocking once more on the wall.
"Oh, indeed." Japan nodded.
Prussia also went over to them and knocked on the wall as well. "...It's not solid. There's clearly something here. Why don't we tear the wallpaper off?" the albino suggested.
"We can't do it with our bare hands. If only we had something to cut it with..." Japan said, sighing.
Romano raised an eyebrow. "Don't you have anything like a shard? Glass, for example...or something like that..."
Japan's eyes suddenly lit up. "Oh, now that you mention it, I found this broken plate piece. Will it do?" he asked, taking out a small ceramic shard from his pocket.
"Oh! I think so. Let me see. I'll give it a try." Prussia said excitedly, taking the shard and using it to tear through the wallpaper.
After carefully tearing through the wallpaper, they discovered it had concealed a door.
"A door..." Romano murmured.
Japan turned to Romano and smiled. "You did well in noticing that it sounded different. There was also a door like this in the basement. Is this...the entrance to the annexe we heard of?"
"This is where Veneziano is...right?" Romano asked.
Nodding, Japan replied, "Yes, definitely."
Prussia looked away and fell silent. Noticing this, Japan turned to him and spoke, "And your brother, too, of course."
"Huh?! Wh-whatever! I'm not worried about him at all!" Prussia denied, feeling embarrassed.
Romano also realised this and crossed his arms. "Me neither, you bastard! I-I-I'm not worried about my stupid little brother at all-"
"Yes, yes. (Name)-chan is also probably here with them, as well. Now, don't let your guard down. You're too nervous...huhu..." Japan chuckled at their reactions. "Please, come back soon, we have opened a new path."