
"What's the matter? If you want to sleep, just go to your own bed." Germany told him.
"I... feel rather unreliable all of a sudden. Did you do all this on your own?" Japan inquired.
Germany shrugged. "Well... When I first came here, it was almost completed, so... maybe it is more correct to say that someone else made it."
Japan looked around the room once more and spoke, "This room alone... It must have taken months, years."
"Maybe... yeah.
Oh, I just remembered. The room in the back has bathrooms and bathtubs. I tried making them in Japanese style." Germany informed him.
Japan smiled. "Ah, that makes me very happy. I'll go and take a bath later"
"Yes, that will help with the fatigue."
Japan spotted his other ally busying himself at the kitchen. He headed over there and asked the Italian man, "Aren't you going to sleep?"
"I'm making something for us to eat tomorrow when we wake up. It can't be pasta~ but you'll still like it." Italy said gleefully.
"Is that so? I look forward to it, then. I'll also give you a hand later."
Italy shook his head. "No, I'm fine on my own! There isn't that much food."
Japan nodded and decided to go to the bathroom. There were about four bathtubs there. He was about to walk over to one when he heard a loud American walk out of a cubicle.
"Phew! I was drenched in sweat!" America said, feeling refreshed. He got water all over the floor.
"The tatami...
Oh, by the way... thank you for what you did for Italy..
Since I broke a clock without consulting anyone else, I became so preoccupied with another matter that I completely forgot about that." Japan said
America laughed enthusiastically and gave a thumbs up. "I'm up to anything if I can be a hero! No need to thank me!"
Japan nodded. "Certainly, you were both heroes back then.You even told England and all the others."
"Hm? Oh, yeah. When we took refuge in that room, England hadn't said anything, had he?
He said he was going to do some kind of spell or something, and if by any chance there wasn't enough time, I'd have to buy him time.
And there really wasn't enough time, so I attacked with this iron pipe I'd picked up earlier, and when the spell was done, it succeeded in slowing down our enemy." America explained.
"That's why you both stood waiting in the back." Japan realised, then continued,
"Everyone else also acted quickly. Telling them beforehand turned out to be the key. Thank you."
America looked away. "It's because... I don't want to lose any of my friends. Ah...the dudette knows something, right?"
"Hai... She already confided in Prussia and I... It's quite a long story, she said. It is complicated to tell, too. What happened was just too much for the girl.  She will explain that to us once she's rested."
America faced Japan. "Hmm.. I see. She's been a great help. I'm excited to find out what she knows! But...you know, it looks like Italy is hiding something, too."