
Spain jumped in pure fear. "Aaaaaargh!!! There's another one!!!"


"See, now that's a natural reaction. I suppose we've been through this so many times that we've got unconsciously used to it." France pointed out.


Prussia began positioning his awesome sword in front of the monster and spoke. "That's how it is when you see it for the first time! Stop worrying about it and fight!"


"Everyone, take your weapons. We shall definitely do away with them." Japan told us.


At that, the battle begun between the countries and the two monsters. While they were having an exchange of attacks, I stood at a fair distance from them, opened my bag and waved my hand in front of me. Doing that, a screen appeared, allowing me to see their HPs and MPs.


Sword clashing, gun shooting, pipe smashing, physical attacks, magical attacks, the countries have been doing their all to fight back. However, the creature does take its chances and attacks the countries with its unknown powers.


Everytime someone's hp would cut in half or get dangerously low from an attack, I would give them a riceball, or when it seems like their attacks aren't doing any damage because of low mp, I give them a can of beer. The others would get hesitant at first, but eat/drink them anyway, then widen their eyes upon regaining their strength from the magical riceball and beer I bought from a toilet. They didn't know that, though.


After several exchanges of attacks, the monsters eventually weakened and disappeared upon being defeated.


When they won, a menu screen popped in front of me:

Japan's Party was victorious!

4 EXP were received!

200HETA were obtained!

Onigiri was found! Hot Pepper was found! Onigiri was found! Hot Pepper was found!

After the pop-up disappeared, I was going to turn to the others, when I saw another game screen appear in front of me:

///~CONGRATULATIONS. CONGRATULATIONS.~\\\

Along with the screen showing Prussia's thoughts, saying:

///Prussia: (... God dammit! What the hell is this voice?!) \\\


Moments later, the screen disappeared, the I heard the others talk.
