
"God, my brother is such a pain in the ass...And Spain and the others are taking their sweet time getting here. Why aren't they back already?!" Romano ranted as he stood in front of the abandoned mansion.
"......Veneziano...
I'm coming."
===============
//Reader's PoV!//
Everything felt like a standstill when they told me that tiny bit of information.
"You mean....the....monster's actually...." my heart pounded upon my realisation.
The monster's actually working for the 2Ps? It...can't be...
Allen lowered his sunglasses and looked at me in the eyes, "Believe it, doll."
"B-But... how come there are tons of them roaming around the mansion?" I asked them.
Oliver placed a hand on my shoulder, "A little cloning spell wouldn't hurt, poppet~"
So it was them...all along?
"Hey! Before I forget, are you prepared to buff up my buddy, Steve, old man?" Allen
asked.
Oliver's head shot up, "Oh butterscotch! I overlooked that... Hmm~ Don't worry, I'll prepare the spell in a jiffy~" At that, the strawberry-blonde haired man walked
over to the other side of the room, near a fireplace.
That means...the steroid-taking looking Steve will be Oliver's doing? Given that Oliver forgot to prepare the spell...for now, it looks like it will take them a while before they take action against the 1Ps again.
Once I snapped out of my daze, I realised I was surrounded by the other 2Ps.
We were quite silent for a while, until someone spoke up.
"So...can I fuck her?" 2P! France asked.
That made me jump from my seat and hide behind a chair as I shouted at the grungy looking Frenchman, "Whoa whoa whoa! What the heck?! No. No. NO. Not cool, Francois!!"
"No need to be scared, honey~ We won't harm you in any way. It's those 'First Players' that we're after!" The fabulously dressed, blonde-haired, 2P! Romano reassured me. I breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing that.
A man with long, dark hair tied in a low ponytail with a purple ribbon, and had a scarred face--which I assume was 2P! Spain, was silently sitting beside 2P! Romano, but surprisingly spoke up, ".....'Francois'?"
"Hmm. That must be the old man's 'human name', eh?" 2P! Canada pointed out.
I nodded, "Yeah...he's 'Francois Bonnefoy'..." I said, pointing to the guy who disturbingly asked if he could uh...do things to me.
"Oh. Then care to tell us our 'human names' from your world, dollface?" 2P! America asked.
I crossed my arms, "Don't you guys already know that? I mean...you did sort of well, stalked me back in my world."
"No. We had limited time to do that." 2P! Russia told me.
I thought for a moment then spoke, "If...If I tell you your human names, will you let me see the 1Ps later?"
Luciano gave an annoyed look and shook his head, "Definitely not, ragazza."
"We cannot risk you running off back to them and helping them out. What's the point of all we're doing if you just get in the way against our plans?" 2P! Japan said.