
I pressed my hand on the cold window pane. "What is it?"
"...You're going to be okay, right, dear?" she asked me in a soft voice.
Her words took me aback because I felt like her voice was already cracking. It's been so long, and with a situation like this, anxieties have built up in all of us involved...who wouldn't be on the verge of breaking down?
I took a deep breath and spoke, "Absolutely. I'll get out of this mansion with all of my new friends, and I'll be giving you guys a really big hug as soon as I walk out from the exit. I can't promise you guys that I'll be out of here soon, but I can promise you that I will be alright. I'm safe. I have my new friends to protect me, too. Everything will be okay, so don't worry about me." I reassured my parents.

They need to know that even though I'm in a situation like this, I won't allow myself to be a reason for them to worry the living daylights out of themselves. Sure, it's normal to worry--it means they care, but I don't want them to suffer by not knowing that I'm alright.
"That's good to hear, honey. We're so glad--and relieved. You're not scared of the monsters?" Mom asked.
I thought about all the encounters with the so-called Steves. "Well, it did freak me out at first, but I've gotten used to seeing it. My friends here can handle those monsters, so I'll be fine. I'm not scared. You guys know me--I'm hella brave. You guys raised me, after all." I told them, winking as I said the last statement.
"(Name), we just want to remind you that you need to be really careful there. We know that you already know that, we just hope you won't forget. And also," Dad paused for a moment, making me raise an eyebrow in anticipation. "(Name), we're proud of you. Being able to handle this--maybe even better than we are; you're growing up to be a strong woman."
"I-I...Thanks. Thanks Dad, Mom..." I managed to say, feeling tears welling up again.
I then heard my mother speak up, "You're welcome, dear...but just because we told you you're growing up doesn't mean you can let any men pounce on you there, got it?"
"Hahaha...Yes, ma'am." I saluted. Then whispered, "....but what if I happen to like one of them and that person happens to be reaallll good-looking?"
Mom gasped and whispered back, "....as good looking as the other men here like Mr. Austria?"
"What? (Mother's Name)!" Dad exclaimed, hearing what my mother had said.
"Yep." I replied, supressing a giggle from my father's reaction.
I could hear Mom laugh lightly. "Well, dear, we could negotiate about that some other time." she then turned to Dad. "And, don't worry, (Father's Name), you're still the most dashing one of them all."

"Hahahaha! Real nice recovery, Mom." I told her.

All three of us had a good laugh for a while, when it died down, I heard my father speak. "Okay, we'll be needing to return the phone to Mr. Austria now. We love you, (Name). Always keep safe, okay?"
"Yes, I promise. Love you guys, too." I smiled.

I was about to end the call when I heard my mother say something, "Oh! I almost forgot!"

"What is it?" I asked.