


She laughed, as well; trying to stop me from messing with her hair. "Thanks, Prussia. Thank you, too, Japan. You guys are the best."


"Hey!! That's not fair; you guys having a good time while we're here getting headaches from this whole beds thing!" America called over, pouting.


(Name) playfully stuck out her tongue at the sulking American. "Yeah yeah. Sorry." she said, rolling her eyes. "C'mon guys, let's go over there before some sort of fist fight errupts. Hahaha."


"Got it." I said as Japan, (Name) and I started walking over to the other countries.


~*~*~*~*~*~



Russia gave a light chuckle. "It wouldn't be so bad if the smaller ones slept together, right? For example, Japan and China..." he said, jokingly checking out the Chinese man beside him.


"Stop leaning over and peeking at me! You're so damn lewd!" China fumed.


West rubbed his temples, looking like he's got a migraine coming on. "All right, all right! Tomorrow I'll make more beds first thing in the morning! Can't you endure this at least for one night?!"


"Oh! Then I want a double bed!" Italy said, raising his hand. He then turned to his older brother and grabbed his arm. "Romano, let's sleep together! I've been through a lot of loops, so it's been ages since I last saw you!"


Romano's eyes widened for a bit. Though looking hesitant at first, he gave in. "Ugh..." he groaned.


"Oh~ How unusual of you to give in, Romano." France pointed out, smiling.


Italy looked a bit alarmed, thinking that Romano just felt forced to agree. "That's why I'll sleep with Germany tonight! Then my brother can have his bed all for himself! Oh, but Spain--"


"Wait a minute!! Why do I have to sleep with you?!" West exclaimed.


Japan raised his hand and spoke, "Um... I'll sleep on the floor. If I lay down a blanket, it'll be just like a futon..." he told us.


"Can't we all just sleep on the floor?" I suggested. That'll make everything easier.


(Name) nodded and smiled at me. "That's a great idea, Prussia. It's okay with me!" she then turned to the others. "That alright with ya guys?"