
"You're far from being a fool! You're an outright idiot! Do you have any idea how worried Romano was?!" Austria scolded him.
Germany creased his forehead and spoke, "H-hey, you don't have to go that far--"
"Nooo! Keep talking! Hey, Italy! Take a look out the window!" Prussia cut in.
Italy gave a worried look and walked towards the window.
"Ugh. I knew it; they're mad at me. Well, of course... it's my fault..." I heard him murmur.
His expression suddenly changed when he looked down through the window. "Oh!"
I went towards the other window beside him and saw such an incredible scene.
More Hetalia characters.
Hetalia characters galore, baby.
I felt so amazed to see more countries in real life. Everyone was there, Austria, Hungary, Belarus, Ukraine, South Korea....
"Everyone..." I hear Italy say softly.
Austria spoke through the phone once more, "Italy!"
"Y-Yes?!" Italy asked nervously.
"I don't approve of your idea to try to solve everything on your own.
However...
You really did your best." Austria said in a comforting tone.
Italy couldn't help but gasp in surprise. Praise wasn't what he was expecting.
"The whole world has come to help you, but unfortunately, we couldn't find a way to get in. We'll have to support you from outside, however frustrating this may be."
England went beside me and peered through the window, as well. "Whoa! Those over there are the Nordics...and... over there are..."
"Ukraine... and even Belarus!" Russia exclaimed.
Italy looked at us. "Everyone..."
"Amazing. We really have to get out all together." America beamed.
Italy went over to Japan and tugged his white sleeve. "I..."
"Yes?" Japan asked, tilting his head.
Italy gave a teary-eyed smile. "I'm all un-alone."
Austria heard this through the phone and spoke, "Indeed! You should broaden your horizons! Also, you should come home soon. The cakes are getting cold!
First you have to come out safe and sound.We're also doing everything we can here. It's rather uncanny, everyone agreeing so much with one another."
"It's a unity warning." China said playfully.
America laughed. "Haha! It's true. We can never get anything done together when we have a meeting, and yet now we've started working together."
"Well, of course! Even though we fight and don't get along... we're all fellow nations...." Spain said, then walking over to me and placing an arm over my shoulder and continued, ".......and citizen, right, chica?" he winked. I couldn't help but giggle and nod at his statement.
"You're right." Canada agreed.
"..... Yeah." Italy said.
"I still haven't got some of my memories back. Still, I can already... answer their most important questions." he thought quietly.