
Once there was a lovely family. The Payne-Malik family. Liam Payne and Zayn Malik felt that they had a perfect family the wouldn't want to change a thing they had there wonderful kids. Louis who was 9, Harry who was 5, the. The youngest Niall who was 1. He had just learned to walk. He wasn't quite sure if he was ready. Daddy Like and Papa Z still had to watch the youngest closely in case he fell over.

Today was Saturday. That means everyone in the family was home. Liam and Zayn we're cooking breakfast. While the kids were in the family room. Louis watching TV, Harry coloring, and Niall playing with the toys that his Daddy and Papa keep in the room for him. Harry got bored coloring so he went over to Niall. He wanted to play with the toys that Ni was playing with. He walked right over there and grabbed to toy form Niall.

"Hazza! Give it back!" Niall started to cry.

"No! I want to play with it Ni." Niall started to cry even harder. So he walked or tripped his way over to Louis.

"Louwe. Harwy took my toy."

"Ni. I don't care." And pushed Niall away. That caused Niall to cry even harder. When Louis pushed Niall away Niall tripped and feel and hurt his leg. In the kitchen still cooking breakfast Liam and Zayn heard the crying coming from the family room.

"Wonder what Niall is crying about? Be right back Z I'm going to check on the boys."

"Alright." When Liam walked into the family room he saw Niall sitting in the ground crying his big blue eyes out.

"Come here Ni." He bent down to pick up Niall. "Hey what's wrong. You wanted to go see Papa?" Niall just nodded. And they walked into the kitchen. Niall knew is leg hurt. But he didn't care he just wanted Papa.

"Zayn, Niall wants you."

"Hey Ni. Hey calm down." Zayn has he took Niall into his arms and started to look over Niall to see if he was hurt in any way. He started to take Niall's pajamas off. As he pulled them off of his legs he saw Niall's right leg start to bruise.

"Hey, Li. Can you come and look at Niall's leg?"

"Why what's wrong? Ohh Ni what's happened? I think we should take him to the hospital, just to make sure."

"Alright boys go get dressed!" Zayn yelled to the other two boys. While Liam was taking care of everything in the kitchen before he did anything else. Then they heard running up the stairs.

"Z I'm going to go and get Niall's stuffed animal and blankie. And the baby bag."
Then when they were already to leave they got in the car and went to drop Louis and Harry off at Liam's mom. Then to the hospital.
---------------------------------------
They waited for the doctor for what felt like hours.

"Hello I am Doctor.Peters. What seems to be the problem with little Niall today?"
