
The alarm went off. It was exactly 5'o clock, whether I liked it or not it was time. I cursed softly and pulled the pillow over my head to the sound of the alarm.
It was my first day of university and I was so not ready. I should have been excited, c'mon it was my first day after all. I was going to my dream school, Standford, but deep down I had my doubts. I was a dimwit when it came to meeting new people and changes from my normal routine.
I groaned and reached for the alarm on the bedside table, cursing the inventors of alarm clocks. I set the alarm to 5:30.
I will get up at 5:30. I will get up at 5:30. I said the mantra repeatedly in my mind as I drifted.
****
It was now 8:30 and I was still not up. I was daydreaming about Ian Somerhandler professing his undying love for me when my bedroom door suddenly burst open vibrating the walls of the room, evaporating my fantasy. Noo. Its was my mom.
"I swear if this girl doesn't get up right now I'm gonna call the fire station to come and 'hose you out'. You won't only be sleeping you'll be having multiple wet dreams," she shouted. HA! How fitting.
Yep my mom is craaazy. She's not your typical minivan driving mom. Nope. Never.
I mumbled something about inconsiderate mothers and turned my face to the wall.
"Honey I know you still need time to adjust to the move but life waits on no one and you got to get back out there, make new memories, make new friends, have sex with a stranger, tattoo something foolish on your forehead," she said while she dragged the sheet off me.
I scoffed and turned towards my mom and threw the pillow at her.
"Seriously mom have sex with a stranger? Tattoo my forehead? You're joking right?"
She remained silent.
"This is freaking hilarious. I can't get a tattoo even if I wanted to. I'm not 18 yet."
"Well that did not stop me," she said with a smug look on her face while taking out my laundry.
I rolled my eyes. "Mom you don't have a tattoo I would have seen it by now."
She smiled widely and shook her butt at me. Weird.
"Don't be so sure honey. Its just in hidden places that mama hasn't shown you. If you know what I mean," she said wiggling her eyebrow.
Silence
Where are the crickets when you need them?
"Ughh that's so gross. TMI mom TMI."
I shook my head and went to my closet to pick my outfit for the day. What am I saying? Pick? I knew what I was going to wear from three weeks ago.
That day my mom scarred me for life. Seriously those kinda things you keep inside you're head. Note to self: I should add another hour to all my therapy sessions for the next month. I'm gonna need it to clear up all the nightmares my mom have created. Great I just looove therapy.
Well back to the present I can't believe my mom said I should have sex and I can't even find a guy that's actually willing to build a relationship with me.