
"Mom you think I'll get a boyfriend in California when I didn't get one in Arizona? You must hold me in high esteem." I took up a scrunchies off my dresser and put my up in a ponytail, braid the end and wrapped it in a bun.
My mom was more my friend than my mother but she still has that I -think - you're- beautiful- even- when- you're not- because- I am your mother- thing going on and I hated it.
Mom gasped."We did not spend all that money on you for--- for this! She gestured to my grumpy attitude. Babe you need some confidence your dashingly beautiful!"
She dragged me effortlessly to the mirror and forced me to examine myself. I stare at myself trying to recognize any form of beauty I had missed before.
Well..... I have to admit I look somewhat 'decent' compare to what I looked like back in Arizona.
Back then I was a total geek. I had braces and thick frame glasses and unruly red hair with my contrasting curvaceous bod. I definitely drew attention but not...... in a good way.
I was at a football match with no friends, contently watching the game when suddenly I was confronted by a somewhat friendly looking guy that was so HOT.
I was rendered speechless. No guy this hot had ever spoken to me before. I could only smile nervously as he approached me.
"Damn girl if it was possible, I would do you without your face, all day long," he drawled and high five the guy next to me.
My face was instantly disfigured by a rush of emotions. Anger, disappointment and and most of all embarrassment. I immediately got up and ran. I was mortified, some jocks a few seat down were snickering, and making sexual sounds while saying they would only do me if a bag was over my head
I would never be the same.
I just got up and started running really fast. My tears were blocking my vision and sadly I only came to a stop, quarter of a second before I tumble over and face plant into something that was soft and mushy and really really stink.
Yep you guessed right it was Dog shît. As if my day couldn't get any better. Yea right.
So from that day forward I was referred to as Shît face. And that's when I solemnly accepted that I was ugly and I had a shrink on speed dial. Pathetic right?
Yes I am a bit self contained and quiet at times. I am always lost in my own thoughts and secluded, so it took my mom five tries to get me back to the present.
"Hellooooo, earth to Avril."
"Huh?...... Right what were you saying again?" I blinked rapidly and shook my head a few times to regain focus.
My mother sighed and dragged her hand through her hair. Without a doubt my mother is beautiful. I have my mother red hair and piercing green eyes but apart from that we were total opposites. Where my mother was tall and willowy, I was short and curvy, way too much fat for my liking.
She smacked me in the head. "Ouch what was that for," I said while rubbing my head to ease the pain.
She glared at me. " I don't know when you're going to realise your a total babe Avril, you're breathtaking. But I hope the first guy who flaunts you, you won't fall for him. He will break your heart."
Go away mom. Just go away. As much as I love my mom she was irritating at times. I could just stuff the pillow down her mouth. That would shut her up. Yep I'm disrespectful at times. We all have our flaws, right?