
"What's this?" I asked.
"Go and look outside," she told me.
I smiled before running outside and there in front of me was a Black Range Rover. I stood there mouth gaped open.
"You can drive right?" she asked and I nodded not taking my eyes of the car.
"Well this used to be my husbands, but since I can't drive, I though you might want it," she said.
I turned round to face her and attacked her with a hug.
"Thank you so much," I smiled.
"It's okay dear, now hurry or you'll be late for your first day," she said waving goodbye.
I got in the range rover and drove off.
I can't believe it. She is so nice to me even though she has only known me for a 2 days.
**************
As I parked the car in the schools car park, I sat there for a while.
Take deep breaths Sky, you can do this. You've been training knives and guns since you was little, this should be a piece of cake.
I got out of the car and once I was in the school and walking down the corridor, everyone was looking at me. I felt like those girls from the movies.
Once I got my schedule, I made my way to my first class, which was English.
I entered the classroom and everyone's head snapped round to face me.
"You must be the new girl, right?" the teacher with curly brown hair asked, and I nodded, "my names Mrs Brown, and your name is?"
"Sky, Sky Dalton."
"Well Sky please take a seat where ever you want," the teacher said gesturing to the class.
I looked round and saw all the guys looking at me like I'm a piece of meat and all the girls looking at me like I'm their next enemy.
"You can seat here, beautiful," a guy with blonde hair said pushing the other guy out of his seat.
I smiled and sat down.
"So Sky what are you doing here?" the guy asked.
"I came to learn," I replied with a smirk.
"Ha, your funny, my names Lucas," he introduced himself, "that's Britt, Jake, Kelly and Toby."
They all said hey to me and I nodded my head back.
The two girl both had blonde hair and they were wearing a cheerleaders uniform, whiles the 3 guys where wearing basket ball jerseys.
At least I made it into the group I wanted but I can't see Ashton anywhere.
"Um, do you guys know where Ashton Prince is?" I asked and they all stare at me before bursting out into a laughing fit.
"Ashton Prince?" Britt laughed, "oh he doesn't even go to school, he's like the hottest rebel ever."
"Yeah, we only see him in clubs and at parties," Toby said.
What? This can't be right.
"The only Ashton we have in our year is, that Ashton over there," Kelly said pointing at a guy who was sitting right at the back. He had brown hair, which was neatly combed back and he had a pair of geeky glasses.
"That is the schools top geek, Ashton Lawson, don't get near him, his a loner."