
Chapter 8- Friends
-Sky's POV-
After school, Ashton came round to help me revise for our maths exam.
When I got to my room, I fell on the bed and Ashton walked in slowly.
"Cute room," he said sitting down as well.
"I guess."
"Are you still mad?" He asked.
I told him everything that happened yesterday with Ash, every detail.
I had to drive around the area till I finally knew where I was. I didnt want to bother anyone so I didn't ring and asked.
Ash is so flipping rude. All he had to do was tell me where I was.
I sat up on my bed.
"Hes so rude," I started.
Ashton cocked up an eyebrow, "really?"
"Yes," I crossed my arm, "I mean he nearly ran me over! He's stupid, he's a jerk, and a complete.....jerk!"
"You've been talking about him all day," he pointed out.
"I've been complaining about him all day."
"Do you like him?"
I quickly turned to face him and I felt my cheeks heat up a bit for some reason.
"W-what? Of course not," I pulled a serious face, "how could you think that?"
"I was just wondering," he laid back and gave me a little smirk.
I threw a pillow at him.
"Whatever your thinking, get it out of your head, I don't like him in anyway," I said, "he means nothing to me."
Ashton looked shocked for a second but that was soon replaced with a grin.
"Stop it!" I shouted.
"I'm not doing anything," he laughed.
"Get out, I'm going to get change into something more comfy then we can start revising," I pointed at the door.
"Why? I'm gay remember."
I pulled him of the bed and pushed him towards the door.
"You might be gay but your still a guy," I said before closing it.
"I bet if I was Ashton Prince, you would change in front of me," I could hear his smirk from behind the door.
"Shut up, Mary will hear you."
"Your not denying." I could just see him grinning right now.
"No, I wouldn't cjnage in front of him, now shut up or I'll open this door and bruise your other eye," I playfully threatened.
"Bitch, what?" He said in a girly voice making me laugh.
"I'll take longer to change if you keep talking."
"Ok, ok, I'll shut up."
"Thank you."
I walked over to my closet and opened it to find what to wear. As I was searching, I stopped and started smiling like an idiot before shaking my head, getting rid of the thought.
So this is what having friends feels like.
*********
After Ashton went home, I decided to go and sit down in the garden with a little bonfire Mary done for me.