
Chapter 1- Moving
-Sky's POV-
I tied my hair back into a high messy pony tail and grabbed the knife beside me. I look forward and focused on the target in front of me. I closed my eyes as my breathing slowed down then I swung my arm back and threw the knife at the target. I opened my eyes and saw that the knife went right in the middle. I smiled, then I heard someone clapping from behind, so I turned round and saw Keith, my step-father.
Keith told me my parents died when I was little. I wonder what they look like but I guess I'll never know. Keith said that there was a car crash and I was the only one alive so he took care of me. We live in the middle of the forest in a little wooden house near the lake. I've never been to the city before, and I never been to school; Keith tutors me, and he trains me to be strong. When I found out that a guy who used to be his friend, betrayed him and took everything away from him, his job, his money, and his wife. I was so angry that I told him I would get revenge for him, and that's why I'm training because once I find out who he is and where he lives then I'll make sure he won't have a second to live.
"That was amazing, I see your training is getting better and better," Keith said walking towards me.
"I learn from the best," I said grabbing my towel.
"I've got good news, and bad news, what do you want first?" he asked.
What does he mean by good news and bad news?
"Um, good news?" I said unsure.
"Well, I found out the area that, Ken lives in," he said and my smile grew bigger. Oh Ken's that guy who betrayed Keith.
"Really? So where is it? Do you know where he lives?"
"Well I don't know where he lives," he said and my smile went down, "but, I found out that a boy lives with him, and I found where he goes to school."
"And that's gonna help how?"
"Your going to go to that school and do what ever you can to make him bring you to his house, then when your at his house, you know what to do," he explained.
"That's a good- wait, go to school?!" I shouted, and he nodded, "but I've never been to school before, in fact I've never been to the city before."
"Sky you'll be fine, your 17."
"Are you coming with me?" I asked worried.
"No, but I've rented a room for you at a little cottage and the old lady who owns the cottage looks nice enough, so you'll be alright," he told me, "now go and pack you stuff, we're leaving tomorrow."
Tomorrow? That's so soon.
Ok, breath in, breath out.
Wow, high school, I'm actually going to school.
I went to my room and started packing my suitcase. I packed my clothes which Keith brought for me and don't worry, I give a list to him so he knows what to buy, but there's a lady who lives not that far away from us, and she buys me the clothes mainly. There's not a lot of people living in the forest, from what I know it's just me, Keith and Susan, the lady.
Knock.Knock.Knock.
"Come in," I shouted.
I looked at the door and Keith came in carrying a big box. He dropped it on my bed and opened the lid.
"This is all the weapons, you'll need," he said then handed me all me weapons.
"Thanks," I said and put all of my weapons in the suitcase before putting my clothes over it.