
Suddenly I heard someone coming into the room from behind and I knew it wasn't Mary because she would of said something by now.
The floors creeked a little and I stayed still.
I slowly grabbed one of the chopstick and quickly turned around to throw it at the person. My throw was straight and fast that it hit the person right in the eye.
My mouth gaped open as that person was Ashton.
"Shit," he cussed in pain putting his hand over his left eye.
"Oh my God, I'm so sorry," I said quickly getting some frozon peas from the freezer and handing it to him.
He grabbed it and placed it on his eyes.
"Why weren't you wearing your glasses?" I asked.
"There in my pocket, I just felt like taking them off," he said.
"If you were wearing your glasses, it would properly wouldn't hit your eye," I told him.
"That throw was so sharp that I think it would properly break through my glasses."
"I'm so sorry," I apologized again, "I thought you was a burglar, I was just defending myself, at least I didn't pick up a knife."
He gave me a look.
"Is that suppose to make me feel better?" He said taking off the bag of peas, "is my eye red?"
I bite my lips and nodded slowly.
"Shit," he cussed again.
"Wait," I said then went over to the sink and got a towel before soaking it in cold water.
I walked back over to Ashton and sat opposite him before leaning in closer to dab the cold towel on his brused eye.
Ashton stayed quiet as he looked at me.
He looks just like Ashton Prince without glasses which was weird.
I coughed awkwardly.
"It's a bit better now."
Why am I nervous? He's gay.
"Thanks," he said putting his glasses back in.
"Wait, how did you even get in?" I forgot to ask.
"The old lady named Mary let me in."
Right at that moment, Mary walked in.
"Ah, are you two okay?" She smiled.
Before Ashton could say anything I beat him to it.
"Yes, we're okay," I smiled back and I saw Ashton glaring at me from the corner of my eyes.
"Do you two want anything to eat?"
"No, it's okay, we're just of to the movies," I told her.
"Alright, have fun."
"We will," I said before grabbing Ashton on the arm and pulling him out.
We got into his car and he started driving to the movies.
"So what are we watching?" I asked.
"Up to you, your paying."
I looked at him, "what? Your the guy here."
"Don't be sexist and I'm gay remember," he said, "plus you owe me because of my eye, your lucky it's not seriously damage."