
"Are you okay, dear?" She asked sitting down next to me.
"Yes, it's lovely," I replied.
"It reminds me back to the old days, me and Martin used to have a bonfire with our favourite song playing in the back ground," she smiled looking up at the sky.
"Can you tell me about him."
"Well our favourite song was the reason how we ment," she began, "he was a singer at this bar that me and my friends decided to go to. He began to sing the song and every time when I looked at him, he was looking straight at me."
"That's so sweet," I said hugging my blanket.
"Well, at the time I didn't think that," she laughed, "after they have finished performing, I went up to him and had a go at him because I thought he was a creepy guy just staring at me but then he said and I will never in my life forget what he said, 'sorry, you were so beautiful, I couldn't keep my eyes off you' he was a charmer."
"He sounds like a wonderful guy."
"He was, and remember Sky, when you love someone, never let time go, no matter what life throws at you," he told me.
"I'll remember that."
"Now go, you have school tomorrow, you need to rest," she told me and I nodded.
I got up and started walking to my room.
Half way up to my room, I stopped and realized that I forgot my jacket.
I rushed back outside but stopped when music made its way to my ears.
I walked slowly towards the backdoor and watched from afar when I saw Mary holding onto an army jacket whiles dancing to the song.
"From the first day, that I saw your smiling face," she hummed/sung along to the music, "honey I knew that we would be together forever."
I leaned on the door frame and felt like crying when I saw her eyes water. "I'll rather die then live without you, I'll give you all of me, honey that's no lie," she sang sweetly but stopped when she saw me.
"Sorry, I just came back to grab my jacket," I said and went to grab my jacket.
I turned to face Mary.
"I'm sorry but my curiosity is getting to me today, was Martin in the army?" I asked her.
"Yes, yes he was," she looked down, "but he never got the chance to return home, to meet his son."
He died during war?
Wait...
"You have a son?" I asked surprised, "where is he? Why haven't you mentioned him?"
"We no longer have contact, he made his choice and ran away, I haven't seen him in years, I don't even know what he looks like anymore," she answered.
"I'm sorry."
Me and my stupid questions.
"No, its alright."
"Goodnight," I went and hugged her.
"Goodnight, dear," she hugged back.
**********
A/N- sorry for long update but here's chapter 8 :) please vote and comment x