
Chapter 5- Following him
-Sky's POV-
So you've guessed it, the next day, Ash was in and Ashton wasn't in.
This is getting confusing. I really need to give them a better nickname.
I entered my science class and saw that there was only one seat left and that was the one in front of Ash.
I went and sat down.
*************
I got my food from the canteen and went outside to sit under the tree. Seeing as it was quite hot today, why not enjoy nature and plus when I'm nearer the woods, it reminds me of home.
Ashton usually sits out here with me but his not in.
"What are you doing sitting out here by yourself?" a familiar cocky voice spoke.
I looked up and saw Ash walking my way before taking a seat next to me.
"What are you doing?" I asked him.
"Sitting down to eat my lunch."
"Why with me? Shouldn't you be with Lia?"
"So you've heard the rumor that we're going out but we're not, it's all a  lie," he told me, "plus I wanted to sit with you."
"Why?"
Why the hell am I complaining? I want him to sit with me.
"Because your cute."
I raised up an eyebrow, "do you use that line with a lot of girls?"
"Yeah pretty much, after that they give me their number and we make out," he smirked.
"Oh really?"
"Yeah, I mean how can they not? Look at me," he said gesturing his whole body.
"Wow, you have a big ego," I told him.
"Yeah well, you know what else is big?" he whispered in my ear.
Yes, I knew what he meant straight away.
I shuffled away from him.
"Why did you move away?" he chuckled.
"Sitting next to makes me feel sick and I just had a cheese sandwich," I told him making a disgust look.
He laughed harder.
"Hey wanna go out somewhere this Saturday?" he asked.
I'm going to the cinema with Ashton on Saturday.... hmmm.
"No," I simply replied.
His eyes widen, "what? Why?"
"Because I have plans," I told him.
Boys, especially jocks like him, like a bit of a chase right?
...Yeah I kinda watched a lot of chick flicks yesterday night.
"No girl has turned me down before," he said still shocked.
"Well, there's a first for everything," I smirked before getting up and walking away.
"Hey, wait!" he caught up with me.
"What about we go out tomorrow?" he suggested and I stopped.
"Hmm, maybe," was all I said.
"Is that a yes?"
"Maybe."
"Fine, I'll take that as a yes, I'll pick you up tomorrow and we can go mine," he said before walking off.