
Chapter 4- Pushing the secret out
-Sky's POV-
I turned round and saw Lia standing by the door and guess what she was by her self for once, she usually has her two friends following behind her all the time like their her minions.
She crossed her arms and walked over to me so I got up and met her half way.
"What are you doing here?" I asked.
"I should be asking you the same thing," she said slyly.
"I wanted to be alone," I answered her.
"What so you can spy on my boyfriend?" she started the rise her voice.
I scoffed, "and what if I was?"
A smirk grew on her lips, "you don't know who your challenging."
"I can take you down anytime."
She walked closer to me.
"Watch what you say because I don't like to be challenge, and trust me if I see you anywhere near Ashton , I'll make sure that I'll make the rest of your school life a living hell," she whisper to me and for some reason at the moment her voice felt so familiar but I pushed that feeling to the side.
"I'll be waiting," I smirked.
She turned round and walked towards the door but before she walked out she stopped and turned round.
"There's something about you that you don't want anyone to know, and I'm going to find out," she said before slamming the door shut.
Why does she have to be such a bitch?
And can't she stay out of other peoples business?
I think my job just got harder.
**************
It was the end of school and I was making my way out when I saw Ash going into the sports hall.
I followed him and went behind the benches, making sure he couldn't see me.
I watched as he put his back-pack on the floor and got out a basket ball then he took of his shirt.
Jesus Christ, his body is so perfect.
Why is he playing basketball when it's time to go home?
I turned round to leave but I forgot that there were stacked up plastic chairs behind me so I stupidly walked straight into it making a loud crashing noise which echo around the sports hall.
Smooth Sky, real smooth.
"Who's there?" I heard Ash ask, "come out."
I walked out from behind the benches and walked closer to him.
"Sky."
Wait...
"How do you know my name?"  I asked him.
"I sit behind you in chem," he told me.
Oh yeah.
"So what are you doing playing basket ball after school?" I asked him changing the subject.
"I don't want to go home yet," he replied.
"Why?"
"Just reasons," he said then turned round to face me, "what are you doing spying on me?"
"I wasn't spying, I was just watching," I protested then I remembered something, "hey, I thought you played football?"