
Chapter 7- Gold gate
-Sky's POV-
Monday came and I was making my way to my to my first lesson.
Saturday was amazing. Me and Ashton had a great time. It was my first time but I know it won't be my last.
I sat down at my usual seat waiting for Ashton.
I've been hanging around with Ashton a lot lately and I know that the others have seen me with him that's why they stopped talking to me.
So now that I'm not in the popular group, I'll just have to get to Ash another way.
Ashton came in moments later and came to sit next to me.
"Okay, everyone settle down, I have some news," the teacher said calming everyone down, "we have exams coming up in 2 weeks."
Everyone in the room groaned.
"I know, I know, that's why I decided to let the next two weeks be revision time," she told us, "so use your time wisely."
I've only been here for a week and there's already a maths exam?
"I hate maths," I groaned.
"Maths my favourite subject," he said and I stared at him.
"Of course it is because your good at it."
"Well I can tutor you," he suggested.
I smiled, "that'll be great."
"Cool, so I'll come round yours tomorrow after school okay?" He said and I nodded.
For the rest of the lesson Ashton was revising while a I just stared out the window, watching every droplet of rain hit the window.
I just remembered that I didn't go to Ash's house when he invited me over. Oh well, he didn't tell where he lived anyway.
Wait, or does he live in that apartment I followed him too?
It can't be. I mean I thought I heard Keith say that Kens rich and has a massive mansion, so he can't be living in that apartment.
"Sky."
I haven't seen Ash for a long time now and if he keeps skipping school then I won't be able to get close to him.
"Sky."
This is harder then I thought.
I have no idea how I'm going to do this I mean after I find Ken, what am I suppose to do? How am I suppose to kill him without anyone knowing it's me because I don't want to go to jail.
"Sky!"
I brought myself out of my thoughts and turned round to face Ashton.
"Huh?"
"Your suppose to be revising, stop looking out the window like your in a sad song and started solving these equations," he said handing me my book.
"Yes sir," I saluted.
He rolled his eyes then I noticed that his eye were still kind of red.
"Is your eye okay?" I asked.
"Yeah it's fine, it should be gone soon."
"I'm sorry again."
"Hey don't sweat it, you paid for my cinema ticket so your forgiven," he said then pointed at my book, "now-"
"Revise, I know," I finished of his sentance and grabbed my book.