
"I guess you were spying on me then too?" he cocked up a brow, "and don't try to come up with an excuse, I saw you in the dance room."
Shit,
"You just happened to be there when I looked out," I told him not making eye contact.
"Whatever you say, and to answer your question yes I play football but I also play basketball," he paused, "boxing, fighting, hockey and swimming."
Dayum.
"Your an active person."
"And your a curious one, why are you trying to know so much?"
Why does he act and talk like he knows my entire plan?
Quick think of something!
"I'm just trying to make friends," I replied.
He smirked then threw the ball at me which I caught it with ease.
"You play?" he cocked up an eyebrow.
I put my bag down before throwing the ball in the hoop.
"I've practised a bit."
***********
It was the next day now and yesterday after school ended up with me playing basketball with him and him teaching me some techniques.
I came into class and saw Ashton sitting in his usual seat, then I looked round the classroom but I didn't Ash.
I scrunch my eyebrows in confusion before walking up to Ashton and sitting next to him.
I placed my books on the table, "right, whats going on?"
He closed his book and looked at me.
"I don't know what you mean," he acted innocent.
"You wasn't in yesterday and Ashton Prince was, and today your in and his not," I told him.
"I just don't like being in school when his in school," he said.
"Why?"
"Because his a jock, a player, a jerk, and an ass," he paused, "everyone here already picks on me, don't you think he would too?"
I stayed silent, not knowing what to say.
"Exactly, people are not what they seem, Sky."
"Your saying as if you know him really well."
This time it was him that stayed silent.
"Are you hiding something from me?" I asked.
"I...I..." he scratched the back of his head.
"What? You what?" I pushed him, "tell me please."
"Okay, okay, I'm gay."
And at that moment, everyone in the room just went silent and stared straight at Ashton but they all looked away afterwards.
"You what?" I whisper/shout at him.
"I'm gay and I used to have a crush on Ashton Prince," he answered.
I stared at him blankly.
What am I suppose to say? There's nothing I could say.
"Oh right," was all I could say.
"Are you okay with me being gay?"
"Yeah sure, I always wanted a gay friend, your er the first gay person I've actually met," I told him.