
Chapter 6- Caught out
-Sky's POV-
Shit....
I took a deep breath before turning around slowly.
I looked up and saw Ash leaning on one of the door frame.
He cocked up an eyebrow, "following me are you?"
What should I say?
Oh God, help me!
"I'm not following you..." I trailed off looking around the room trying to find an excuse then I saw the painting hanging on the wall, "I came to look at the painting."
"Really?" He said obviously not believing me.
"Yeah, you see I'm really into paintings and my friend used to live here and she told me to check it out and here I am," I lied and pointing at the painting, "look how the colours plend in together, it's amazing."
I haven't got a clue about paintings.
"Oh yeah? So who painted that?"
I looked at the painting then looked back at him.
"A very artistic person," I nodded.
"No? really?" He said sarcastically.
I need to get out of here. God heard my pray because the phone instantly rang.
Thank you!
I picked it up.
"Hello?" I answered then walked away quickly before he tries to stop me.
"Sky, it's Keith."
"What's wrong?"
"I won't be around for a while so your going to have to find out information and everything yourself," he told me.
"What?!" I whisperedly shout into the phone, "where are you going?"
"I have to go somewhere but don't worry you'll be fine."
"No, I won't be fine," I started as I went into the car, "do you know how hard the past two days have been? Oh and I found out that Ashton Prince doesn't go to school everyday and when he does this girl is always trying to make him hate me."
"Sky, calm down, your a smart kid, you'll find a way, you always do," he said, "try to think outside the box okay?"
I sighed, "okay."
"Good, I'll see you in a week," he told me before hanging up.
Think outside the box?
I sat in the car and thought. Then after a while an idea popped into my head.
Ashton Lawson knows something about Ashton Prince and he's not telling me. I'll just have to stay with Ashton Lawson and try to make him tell me.
************
Saturday came and I was getting ready to go to the cinema with Ashton.
I jogged downstairs and went into the kitchen.
"Mary?" I called but she wasn't here.
Where is she?
Maybe she's just in the toilet or something.
I went towards the kitchen draw to find a pen so I could right a note to her that I'm leaving.
I searched through the draws trying to find it but it was full of small knives, spoons, paper, chopsticks, and other random stuff. She really needs to spring clean.