
"Your asking like your his brother or something..." I stared at him.
" No I'm not related to him, I just heard stories about him that's all," he explained.
I scoffed, "you shouldn't just start judging someone by what someone else said, it pisses me off when people do that."
"Your right, I'm sorry, " he apologized, "and to make up for it, you wanna go to the movies on Saturday?"
I looked at him confused.
"You said you won't judge someone by what someone else said right?"
I guess his right but I can't go, I need to work out a plan on how I'm going to find Ashton Prince. But I can't turn him town, he seems nice and his been friendly with me.
I sigh, "sure."
"That seemed like you didn't want to go but your going because your trying not to judge me," he said.
"No I want to go."
"Are you sure?" He asked and I nodded, "are you sure, sure?"
"Yes I'm sure."
"Sure, sure, sure?" He cocked up an eyebrow.
"Yes, now shut up before I change my mind," I said carrying on with my work then I heard him chuckle beside me.
*********
I got home and I was so tired I could go to sleep for the rest of the day.
"How was your first day at school?" Mary asked as I entered the house.
"It was great," I smiled before going upstairs.
What should I do?
Ok if he doesn't turn up tomorrow then I'm gonna have to call Keith.
**********
I entered the school and as I was about to enter the classroom someone rushed pass me knocking me out he way.
Argh, what's their problem?
I looked in the classroom and saw everyone gathered around the corner of the classroom.
What's going on?
I pushed past them to see what's happening then as I finally made it to the front, my eyes bugged.
Ashton Prince....
He looked up and gave me a smirk. He got up and walked closer to me.
"Hey," he whispered in my ears and to be honest I nearly melted.
Just one word makes my heart skip.
Say hi back then you idiot!
As I was about to say hi someone cut me off.
"Move aside bitch," a familiar voice spoke.
I looked behind and saw Lia walking towards us. Everyone made way for her as she went to stand next to Ashton. She gave me a dirty look before turning round to face Ashton.
"You didn't tell me you was coming in today," she smiled, "I need to talk to you."
After that she dragged him out the classroom.
Everyone went back to their own classrooms and settled down.
"OMG, I can't believe it, he never comes in!" Britt shrieked.
"I wonder why he came in today though," Lucus said curious.