
I heard him laugh a bit beside me.
*********
After school, I decided to have a little drive around the area a bit so I get more use to the place and know exactly where things are.
I was driving round and turing into different roads that I think I got myself lost, or am I just going round in circles?
I slowly parked my car on the side so I could ask someone where I am.
I locked the car then started to walk around.
I saw a gold metal gate ahead so I walked towards it.
As I got closer and closer the gate got bigger and bigger. It was like twice my size, all covered in gold. Then I noticed that there were two white walls attached to both side of the gate and the walls reached right down to the end of the street.
What is this place?
Suddenly I heard someone honking there car from behind, scaring the living day lights out of me.
I turned around and saw Ash sitting in the car.
What is he doing here?
Then the gold gates slowly swung open.
Why is he going in here?
He honked again.
Maybe he can tell me where I am.
I went up to his window and knocked on it.
"Hey, can you please tell me where I am," I shouted but he didn't even bother to look at me or roll down his window.
-Ash's POV-
I ignored her.
What is she doing her anyway.
I pushed on the pedal and started going into the gate but Sky ran in front of the car and spread her arms out making me jerk to a stop.
What the hell?!
"I don't know where I am, so please just help me!" She shouted.
She didn't show up to my apartment when I told her to so why should I listen to her? And she knew exactly where it was because she followed me there.
I pressed on the pedal making the engine roar louder telling Sky to move out the way or I'll run her over.
She stayed still giving me this 'you wouldn't dare' look.
I smirked then pressed on the pedal hard and the car zoomed forward making her jump out the way, literally.
I stopped before going any further and rolled down my window to see if I killed her or accidentally ran her over.
"Ow," she moaned then got up.
I laughed a bit before rolling my window back up and carrying on driving.
Lia's right, she's different.
I stopped in front of the house and got out before throwing one of the servant my keys so he could park it.
I started walking up the steps to go in the house but stopped when I saw Lia standing at the top with her arms crossed.
I groaned. Great.
"Ashton, you were suppose to be here like 30 minutes ago," she complained, "and who was by the gate that made you so long to drive in?"
"No one, and at least I'm here right?" I said walking pass her.