
Chapter 3- Nickname
-Sky's POV-
Ashton Prince doesn't go to school....great just great. My only chance of finding Ken and its gone just like that.
Argh stupid Ashton.
Why can't the geeky Ashton be the hot one?
I was on my way to the canteen to meet my new friends but I was deep in my thoughts that I wasn't watching where I was going so I bumped into someone then I heard a high-pitch voice scream, nearly bursting my ear drums.
I looked up and saw a girl.... She...she looks just like me... Blue eyes....face shape....height.... But the only thing that was different was that she had blonde hair.
She looked at me like she wanted to kill me then I noticed what happened.
She was covered in pasta and the tray was on the floor.
Ohh...
"You, look what you've done!" She shouted.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to," I told her getting some tissues and handed it to her but she took no notice of it.
"Your gonna pay for this!" She screamed before rushing out with her friends following behind.
Geez, what's up with her.
I saw Lucus and the others so I went and sat down.
"I see you met Lia," Britt laughed.
"Yeah, who is she?" I asked.
"She's Lia Montage, she's hot, rich, popular and queen b," Jake said.
"Oh and there's a rumour that Ashton Prince and her are going out," Kelly said.
I rolled my eyes. Great how am I going to get close to him when he already has a girlfriend?
" You better get use to her because if she doesn't like you then she will make your life a living hell," they explain.
Today's just full of good news- note sarcasm.
Once lunch was finished I made my way to my science class.
I went in and all the seats where taken except for one which was next to the geeky Ashton so I went to sit down next to him.
As I was trying to think of what to do next about the plan, all I could see is geeky Ashton staring at me from the corner of my eyes.
I turned round.
"What?" I said annoyed.
"Nothing," he said but he kept staring.
"Why are you staring at me?" I asked him.
"I wanna know why you asked about Ashton Prince in the morning."
"You were listening to our conversation?"
"No I over heard there's a different."
"It's non of your business," I told him.
"So if Ashton Prince happens to come to school tomorrow, would you tell him why you want to see him?" He asked, why is he asking me so many questions?
Instead of answering, I just nodded.
"Wait, did you have sex with him when he was drunk and you found out your pregnant?" He asked looking worried.
I stare at him and my eyes bugged.
"What no!"
"Oh right," he looked relieved.