
"I bet you're not even my real father!" I storm out of the lounge and run up the stairs and into my bedroom, slamming the door behind me. My father treats me like I am nothing, like he never loved me, like I am worthless. I open my large walk-in wardrobe and grab my ROXIE suitcase and drag it onto my king sized bed.  The only reason I have this stuff is because of my mum. She buys me stuff every now and then and tells me that they are from Dad, even though it's obvious that he wouldn't do that. I don't even know why Mum is still with him. He doesn't love her. She is in love with someone who doesn't exist; she says he is what she dreams he would be. My whole life is pretty much a lie..  Ever since I was forced to move  Sydney, everything has gone bad; My father is one thing, I started a new school at the start of the term, my best friend (she has been my bestie for about four years but she has always lived in Sydney) recently got a new boy friend and well - she goes on and on about him and since I am fairly new, I don't really have any other friends so when she ditches me for him, I am a loner and of course everyone picks on a loner. Otherwise she drags me with her, just like a third wheel.
And people wonder why I want to move back home, in New Zealand. There is just so much on my mind right now and I just want to get away from it all. At first I was really excited about moving, but all my friends live over in New Zealand and I miss them so much.
I yank open the top drawer of my dresser and grab a handful of clothes. After shoving them into my suitcase, I open another drawer and another handful meets the first.
I hear two simple knocks at the door,  "Honey, are you alright? Your father says he is really sorry." It's my mother. Far out, too much. And that's only a tiny bit of it.
I finish shoving things into my suitcase and zip it up. I stomp back to my walk-in wardrobe and reach up on the top shelf to grab my jar - the best jar, my Money Jar. My Money Jar has a lotof money in it, around about $8000 at the moment - and that's only one of my Money Jars. You could say I'm rich, at least in one way.
After putting my Money Jar into one of the extra pockets, I open my door to see that Mum is still there. She watches as I drag my suitcase past her and down the stairs. My Father is still in the lounge, "You owe me an apology."
"Um, why should I apologize? You are the one fucking up everyone's lives," I growl as I storm out of the lounge and into the hall by the front door.
As I walk out, I hear my mother talking to my father, "Don't worry, she didn't mean any of it. She just had a bad day at school." She is always trying to mend things, but it's not like he cared anyway. A tear rolls down my face as I think about everything that has been and is going on, I cry sometimes at night when I talk to my New Zealand friends on the phone, or when I have a really rough day. I just don't need this stress, so I'm just going to run away.
I think about how much of a jerk my father is, about my mother - why is she even still with him?! About my friends over in New Zealand - they keep telling me I can still move back, but it's just not that easy. Tears are now flowing down my face like a waterfall on a stormy day.
I pull my phone out of my pocket and punch in my Auntie Emiliana's number as I try to wipe the tears away with my sleeve.
One ring. Two rings. Three rings. Four rings. Five rings. Six rings. Voice mail.
"Come on Aunt Emili, please pick up," I mutter as I walk out of the house gate. I re-call her again hoping that this time she would pick up. This time, straight to voice mail.
"Well there is no one else who can actually pick me up.." I mutter as I scroll through my contacts. "Well, I may as well just walk to Aunt Emili's place and wait on the door step till she gets home," I say while another tear escapes my eye. I just need someone who is there for me. Who would never betray me. Who would be there always. I flick on my music and put in my head phones, with my music on full blast. I have like one true friend in Sydney, and she sometimes seems to be getting sick of me. But she is someone who I can't lose, she is my best friend, but I'm worried about everything especially my one little sister, who is currently at school. She is 7 and she is my only sister. I listen as the music plays loudly in my ears. After half an hour of walking I finally reach Auntie Emili's place and to my surprise her car is parked in the driveway, but so is another car - My mum's car. I freeze, but my heart is racing.