
I see a face peer through a window out  at me, but I can't figure but who's face it is. Soon the front door opens and I see my Aunt standing there, she doesn't say anything at first but the I see my mother appear.
"Honey, come inside." My mother speaks. I don't say anything in reply. "Honey, come on. Your father is really sorry,"
I laugh sarcastically before saying something in return. "He isn't sorry, you just say that to try and make me get along with that jerk."
My mothers jaw drops in disbelief, "Want a drink Riley?" Emiliana asks trying to get out of the awkward position.
"You keep making things up about him that aren't true! He isn't a good father at all! You tell everyone how great he is, but in reality he isn't any of that!" I yell.
"Yea, I'm gonna go get you a drink..." Emiliana mutters before walking back into the house.
"Honestly why are you still with him?! He doesn't love us Mum!"
I see tears start to flow down my mothers face as Aunt Em comes back, "Orange or Raspberry?" She asks.
"Just leave him Mum, there's no point.."
"Yes there is! He loves us!" She yells back as more tears flow down her face.
"Okay, Raspberry it is." Auntie Emiliana disappears back inside.
"Why would he love us?! He has never, not even once said 'I love you Riley' to me. And I'm his daughter! Has he ever said it to you Mum?" I say.
She goes silent as more tears flow, I feel sorry for her.. She wishes that he was Mr. Perfect, but he just isn't. She just wants her Mr. Perfect. I take a step closer to her, pulling her into a hug and thank god she hugs me back.
"I'm sorry" She whispers.
"Me too," I whisper back hugging her tighter.
"I got you your Raspberry drink Riley." Aunt Emili cuts in. I let go of Mum and take a step back, grabbing my drink.
"Thanks" I mutter.
"Okay, you guys gonna come inside, or....?" Aunt Emili asks.
I go to say yes, but Mum shakes her head, "No, there is something I need to do. Riley can you stay here with your Aunt, I'll pick you up tomorrow after school. Is that okay Emiliana?"
"Yea, yea, of course!" She responds, "Come on inside Riley. Oh and bring that big ol' suitcase with you."
I grip onto the handle of my suitcase and drag it into the doorway and turn to stare at my mother. "I love you Mum."
"I love you too." I watch as she gets into her car and drives away, not even bothering to look back.
The night quickly passes, not many words are spoken. The time rolls over to exactly 8:00pm on the dot.
"Well, I'm going to go to bed now.." I stand up heading down the hallway.