
Chapter 1~Oh Rye.
.
.
.
.
Jessi's POV
The howl of a wolf pierced through the darkness of the night as if it was signaling to somebody. It quickly became quiet as I closed my eyes and fell back asleep with my mind swiftly going back to dreaming. It wasn't long before a louder howl awoke me from my sleep again.
Grunting, I quickly opened my eyes while turning to my alarm clock that displayed '4:35 am'.
I was late! Dad was going to kill me!
Tossing the blankets onto the floor, I scurried across the dark blue carpet looking for some decent clothes that were clean and simple. After I had pulled on a pair of gray capri shorts along with a plain gray tank top, I quickly pulled my long frizzy golden brown hair into a ponytail. Sighing, I quickly hurried out of the house in a quiet manner before stripping down.
Yeah, I know what you're thinking, 'What was the point of you putting on clothes?'
How would you feel if you were hurrying down the stairs naked, only to get caught by your mom? That would totally be awkward and yes, that has happened to me before.
'My grandmother didn't seem mad because she was hyped up on candy, but my mom, she was beyond furious. Her whole body glowed a bright red which kind of scared me since she's usually not awake at 4 in the morning.'
Shaking my head from that embarrassing memory, I quickly folded my clothes neatly and placed them on the back porch before closing my eyes.
Think Jessi. Think! Be the wolf. Imagine your silky silver fur and your emerald green eyes.
Yes, I had to encourage myself to change since my wolf doesn't talk much. She just sits in my head watching and waiting, but I don't know what she's looking for. I try to talk to her but I get nothing in return.
Another loud howl pulled me from my thoughts as I quickly opened my eyes. Noticing my silver fur, I stretched before hurrying into the woods behind our house.
Where are you? Rye mind linked impatiently as I jumped over a few dead logs.
Calm your man tits, Rye. I'm on my way now. I sighed, my mind blocking out his annoying voice. Yep. Rye's the same old Rye, just taller and more impatient. It might be because dad trains him a lot since Rye's about to become the next Alpha.
Stop thinking about me, peasant. Rye interrupted, getting through my blockade as I rolled my eyes before running a little faster.
Peasant? I'm the queen! You shall bow down to me! I growled while jumping and dodging some more broken logs and trees..
Bow down to you? Please! How can I bow down to you when you don't even clean your own damn room? I have nightmares just thinking about it. He shouted back as I could tell he was shuddering. That's because Rye is a clean freak. He has OCD (Obsessive Compulsive Disorder) or so he claims.
Alligator. I grunted before jumping through a field of tall grass. Some if the wet grass stuck to my silver fur as I continued on.
Frog. He replied with a grunt as I shook my head.
Rat.
Godzilla.
Children. Calm down. And Jessi? Our dad interrupted as I could hear the rapid beating of my heart in my ear. It was normal, but it felt great!