
Second account was a little succesful. But, It wasn't. I remember posting a Toshiro Hitsugaya fanfic there and it received a comment saying: TOSHIRO DOESN'T ACT LIKE THATTTT.
And yeah, I left that account as well.
And then I got addicted to Kuroko no Basuke and Uta no Prince Sama. When I first watched KnB, a story emerged inside my mind. Thus, creating "I Can Be Your Date". And then, I started updating and I got tons of good comments about it. And votes. And I was convinced that It was a success publishing this story.
In the summer (I think. I can't remember) I posted my first Syo Kurusu x Reader oneshot. "One word Four Letters".
I never expected to be quite successful with 2k reads and I had lousy grammar there. But I was proud for that story. Since It was my first Character x Reader oneshot.
I continued making Syo Kurusu one shots ("I'm here for your Protetection & "Hey you, yes you! I love you~") and I made my first Akashi Seijuro fanfic "The Emperor's First Love".
All of my stories that I published here in wattpad were a success. Even "The Emperor's First Love".
I was asked to review a story and give suggestions about it. It was an Ai Mikaze fanfic and the Author is my lovely friend SimplyKuudere . I still remember that time when I received a message and I was shocked. It was a first for me to receive a message from someone. We talked for a bit. The convo was about Uta Pri and about our personal lives then she asked me to review her story "Artificial Intelligence". Knowing me, I agreed because I wanted to help other authors for their stories.
And we basically became close friends after that :D.
Oh, and I was shocked when I received a message from a follower. It was acchanchan (HI ARESHIAAAAA). She was telling me that my Syo Kurusu oneshots inspired her to make her own oneshots. I was in vacation at that time so I was trying to calm myself down that I was inspiring someone.
I was overwhelmed because It's a first time a inspired someone. Maybe, I inspire a lot but I just don't notice it. Areshia even dedicated one one shot to me which is so sweet!
～～～I'm already okay with my life now.
I have a lot of you guys (153 followers wow like srlsy wow. Almost half way to 200). And I'm reallllly happy about that. I make sure to notice you guys and I never noticed myself that I'm senpai to some of you guys lol.
What ever happens though, I'll be still here. Breathing and writing stories for you and my entertainment. I met a lot of friends because of this and I'm quite satisfied ❤️❤️.
Just don't deactivate me like just how Hiro deactivates Baymax.
Did that make sense? No.
Lol.
P.S: I love you guys and I will forever notice you. I will try to reply to your comments more often now and update in fast pace than before.～～～
I hope you guys enjoyed reading my life. That is incomplete but I try not to reveal too much personal information about me :3.
I am still accepting requests for this book and I'm currently working on Cecil's Songfic. Comment your requests in the request box so I can see it.
Thank you for everything guys! See you in the next update!
(((o(*ﾟ▽ﾟ*)o)))(((o(*ﾟ▽ﾟ*)o)))(((o(*ﾟ▽ﾟ*)o)))(((o(*ﾟ▽ﾟ*)o)))Talk to me with the use of:＊Line: mari_kun1412