
Hey guys! It's Nadeshiko/Mari (You can call me either of the two though). And I'm here to present my life to yah!
I know I should be updating the oneshots (especially the Songfic of Cecil) and studying. But, I decided to share you guys my boring life.
It will just take a few minutes. But I assure you that my life is practically average and nothing new happens. I just wake up and see and do the same thing all over again.
～～～Let's start. My whole life started on January 18th 2001. I am the only/solo child in our family of three (my mom, me and my dad). So, my 13 years living here in Earth is practically lonely and boring.
My parents are probably one of the most coolest and nicest parents I have ever met. They really cared for me when I was a toddler (My dad told me that when I was a baby he did not sleep the whole night just to make sure I was breathing).
I have the coolest cousins and aunts. In my dad's side are my rich cousins. While my in mom's side are my average cousins who live with us in the same rooftop.
When I was about 3 (I was walking and talking already.), my mom and dad never allowed me to go outside of the house. I have a personal nanny to guard me (She's still with me lol). So, I am basically trapped inside the house for a good amount of time.
Up until now.
I'm an anime lover and I started watching anime when I accidentally watched Captain Tsubasa Road to 2000 in HeroTv And Detective Conan in Animax when I was in second grade. My parents caught me and banned me from watching anime. But then they accepted my love for anime and they just support me when I do something about anime like buying merch and going to events.～～～I never really liked studying. I liked going to school but studying is another thing.
Today, I am one of the most smartest kids in class (no joke though, I'm precise. I want to pass my tests so bad and my projects/outputs). I would be on the top 10 sometimes or the Top 15. But I do not study. I like to put knowledge in my brain by reading. I think it's not considered as studying. But I study when an exam comes up. For short quizzes, I rely on my stock knowledge.
When I was in pre school and kindergarten, I was attending a private school. I was the most cutest (#sarcasm), chubbiest pre schooler/kindergartener ever lol.
I had many friends but I lost contact with them when I transferred schools. I have a bad habit of crying when my mom and dad are not around. So when I was in First grade in my new school, I cried and cried and the teachers are trying to stop me from crying. I was shy and crybaby in my elementary years. But I was considered the bubbly, energetic and happy type in the school.
I was bullied a lot too.
I remember when I was in second grade, a guy; let's say his name is Eon (It's actually his nickname), bullied me to the fullest of the full (But, we are friends now in our High school years. He even apologized to me for being a jerk and a bully when we were young). I was in the bathroom and the lock was lose. I was pulling my shorts up since I was done doing my buisness. And, he opened the door while I was still wearing my shorts.
I screamed and yelled at him and then the teachers scolded him. And we were seat mates like wtf. Noooooooooo.
And another one. When we were in fourth grade, I was solving a math problem in front and I didn't notice that Eon was plotting something. When I went back to my seat, I felt something "stick" on my skirt. It was a one whole sheet of paper full with glue.
Seriously. I had enough of that guy.
But then he transferred in Fifth grade to another school so I was FREE. (I am quite surprised though that the still remembers me even now.)