
I opened my wattpad and I was like:
"Omg. Wtf?! 201?!"
...
"Sht gonna go down yo I'M HAPPY!"
I dunno how to say this but Thank you for 201 followers! Like, before, 50 followers for was like the biggest thing that happened to me. Especially when I reached a hundred follows.
I never expected 201 of you to stick by me with my oneshots (and crappy stories;;;). You guys continue to motivate me to try update oneshots.
Which makes me super happy that I don't have dead followers (not like in Ig//shot).
I'm just really thankful for all of your support! I don't know if all 201 of you guys read this one shot book but maybe the others read my old books?
*cringes cause her old one shots and stories were kinda weird*
ANYWHALE,
No words can describe how awesome and amazhang (see what I did there PJO Fans? *wink wonk*) you guys are and I couldn't thank you enough!
Even though I'm very random and weird and mostly cheesy in every one shot I post (I swear to God I am very cheesy making fluff one shots like agksajkjshkhhskhajah), you guys still continue to read them and comment and vote and it makes me super happy that my cheesy one shots are making you guys happy and feel loved by our Fictional guys ♥♥♥.
I really feel so loved right now. 201 people are freaking supporting me with my one shots aidhsksskhsjssks.
Sorry for taking 2-5 minutes of your time reading this, but I do hope you understand how happy I am today because of this milestone (is it considered a milestone? I considered it one.)
Have no fear! A new oneshot will be out soon (or later) and I'm gonna publish my new one shot book for Owari no Seraph!
*sits in a corner waiting for Chapter 34 of the manga cause Guren*
I hope you guys will be patient and all like you guys are because this author is pretty lazy and busy with her school life.
My social networking sites will let you know that I'm alive so here's a list on where I am active!
❁Instagram: nadeshiko1412 & mari_chiel
Not much of a list but It will do. Lol.
Anyways, even though I have a lot to talk about today, I have to go! Need to do assignments and things *cries because tomorrow is monday*
One last thing:
THANK YOU AGAIN FOR YOUR LOVE AND SUPPORT! NUMBERS CAN'T DEFINE HOW MUCH YOU GUYS MEAN TO ME. ILYSM BBYS U GUYS ARE DA REAL MVPS!
See you in the next update!
-nadeshiko1412