
"Same bed but it feels just a little bit bigger now. Our song on the radio but it don't sound the same. When our friends talk about you, all it does is just tear me down. 'Cause my heart breaks a little when I hear your name."
Tonight was a party which every Idol in Japan are going. Shining Saotome hosted the party to mingle with other Idols.
Every idol has a date. Their co idol, their siblings or their girlfriend. Syo, he had a date of course. But it wasn't (Name).
Two weeks ago, He and (Name) got into a big fight. Syo officially ended his relationship with (Name) because of stress and that big fight.
Syo excused himself from his "date" to get "fresh air" . He actually didn't want to go to the party. But his friends suggested him to go. They tried to convice him, even Ai. But Syo wouldn't budge.
It was Tokiya's turn to convice the blonde again. And he managed to.
"Syo," Tokiya called out to blonde. Syo looked at him with a confused look. "What is it Tokiya?" He asked. "I know you don't want to go to the party," Tokiya stated, "And I know you want to move on from (Name). And I know she wants to move on as well."
"Like I said Tokiya," Syo groaned. "I'm not going." Tokiya shook his head. "You are going. This is for the group. Find a random girl to date with tomorrow night. I'm sure (Name) would do the same." Tokiya exclaimed raising his voice a little.
"Go to the party and that's it. If you see (Name), talk to her like you usual do. I know you guys need each other. And when the night is over, you're back to your old life."
Tokiya managed to convice Syo to go. Now, he is currently watching his groupmates dance with their dates. Syo leaned on the wall with a wine glass on hand. He just watched as he drank. He wanted the night to end.
Syo glanced at (Name) who was wearing an amazing (F/C) Short lace high neck short dress. The dress He and (Name) picked on Christmas day. (Name) had her (H/c) hair up into a ponytail. She clipped a Pink ribbon onto her hair. Another gift from Syo.
Memories then flashed back to Syo. He missed (Name) dearly. Her cuddles, her kisses, her scent, her clumsiness. Everything. He missed everything.
"It all just sound like oooooh... Mmm, too young, to dumb to realize. That I should've bought you flowers. And held your hand. Should've gave you all my hours. When I had the chance. Take you to every party 'cause all you wanted to do was dance. Now my baby's dancing. But she's dancing with another man."
(Name) was dancing with a famous Idol. Syo gritted his teeth. What if it was him who is she dancing right now? What if they were still together? What if he was still (Name)'s man?
(Name) glanced to Syo who went out to the terrace. She excused herself to follow the blonde. As she arrived at the terrace, she noticed Syo looking out in the distance. She tapped his shoulder and he looked back. "Hey." (Name) greeted Syo.
(Name) stood beside him. "I'm sorry." Syo said out of the blue. (Name) looked at Syo. His eyes full of hurt and regret that was being covered by his signature fedora. "I still want you back in my life Syo," (Name) stated as she grabbed Syo's hand into hers. "We can start over again--"
"But I'm sorry, we'll just continue hurting each other.", Syo said as he pulled (Name) into a tight embrace. Their last embrace. "I hope you find a new love. I hope he buys you flowers. I hope he holds your hand. Gives you all his hours when he has a chance. Take you to every party 'cause I remember how much you loved to dance.", Syo finally said as he planted a last kiss on (Name)'s (H/C) hair.
"Syo.." (Name) muttered as she listened to the blonde's rant. "I hope he does all those things," He says as he pulls away from the embrace and started to walk away from (Name).
"When I was your man.", He said as he entered the hall leaving (Name) alone in the terrace.
☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆HI GUYS. DID I MADE YOU CRY? I MADE MYSELF CRY TOO WHILE DOING THIS.
If you have any request just leave it in the comments.
And Big Announcement!
I'm going to have a new instagram account! My other one (mari_kun1412) is full of my drawings and I wanted to have an account for my readers/followers here. So later or maybe tomorrow I'll make that new instagram account.
Hope you had a nice day!