
"Remember that cafe? Just right around the block. They always had the best vanilla cake."
When (Name) was in middle school, she would go to a cafe near her house. She always bumps into Tokiya Ichinose, A boy she met in the cafe. They became close and would sit in the same table everytime they would go to the cafe.
(Name) took a bite of her vanilla cake. "This always taste so delicious!" Tokiya heaved a sigh. "It's their best seller (Name)-san." He would say.
"On lazy afternoons, We'd watch the sunlight peaking through those lush ivy vines. Sitting by the window roses in full bloom."
"Tokiya! The roses are in full bloom!" (Name exclaimed as she examined the window roses. "They are. The ray of the sun is making them more shiny." Tokiya added as he sipped from his macchiato. Even though he is still a middle schooler, he drinks coffee. Macchiato only though.
"I agree."
"Macchiato and a slice of vanilla cake. It's easy to forget the rest of the world."
(Name) slumped in her seat as Tokiya would read. "Mouuu. School was annoying!" She would whine. "(Random teacher) gave us a pop quiz!" Tokiya closed his book and sliced a piece of vanilla cake and shoved it into (Name)'s mouth.
Surprised, she was forced to chew and swallow it. He took another slice and fed it to her. "Eat." He ordered. "It makes you forget about the world."
And it did.
"Slow music fills the air. And old record's spinning round and round in the dim light. Drowsier 'n drowsier we get."
(Name) yawned. The cafe's music made her feel sleepy. She didn't even touch her vanilla cake even a little. Tokiya noticed that. Her head was hanging as she tries to sleep. He moved to her side and placed her head on his shoulder. And he eventually fell asleep as well.
"Look how the time flies but it's not like we need to care. Relax, there's nothing worth worrying about. You sipped the last drop. Although your cake is not yet finished. You always saved the last bite for me."
It was graduation day. Time flew really fast. She thought of visiting the cafe and maybe, meet Tokiya.
As she entered the cafe, she went towards the usual table and saw an unfinished vanilla cake and an empty cup of macchiato. She sat on her usual chair. And took a slice of the cake and ate it. "That Tokiya. He really saved the last bite for me."
"Now we've all grown up. Oh how long has it been? Since we moved far from the little cafe?"
When (Name) stepped into Highschool, she had to move since her school was far away. But she still remained faithful to that cafe and would always go there after school. Tokiya entered a music academy which was far from the cafe too. So it was impossible for them to meet.
She would wonder, how many months has it been since she last saw Tokiya? His navy blue hair always attracts her to him. His stern yet sincere voice would make her fall for him even more.
"You're always busy with all those things in your life; I wonder if you remember that vanilla cake."
The way to home, (Name) passed by a poster. A new boy group. What caught her attention was the Navy blue haired guy. She gave out a small smile. It was Tokiya. She continued walking. "I hope he still remembers the vanilla cake."
She entered the cafe and saw someone sitting by her usual table with Tokiya. She approached it and saw the same Navy Blue haired guy who would accompany her before sitting by this table. He looked at her as his glasses glistened. "Is there something wrong miss?"