
"That's something unusual for you Kurosaki-senpai. But, don't you live in the dorms as well?" (Name) asked as she tilted her head in curiousity.
"I have an apartment just around this area."
"Great!" (Name) exclaimed. "You have a really soft heart Kurosaki-senpai."
Ranmaru blushed as he growled at his underclassmen. "Just give me the damn cat and I'll take care of him!". The two of them began to argue and sometimes chat on the way to the bookstore back to Ranmaru's apartment.
(Name) took out her phone as she started dialing Ranmaru's number on her phone. "Are you sure you're gonna take car of Shiro?" She asked. "That's the third time you asked me and this is the third time I will answer. Yes, I will take care of Shiro you midget." He answered."Well then, I should be going. I'll come back some other time to visit Shiro. Bye Kurosaki-senpai!" She stated as she started walking back to the dorms.
Shiro started purring and showing affection to Ranmaru as he blushed. "Damn cat. You just made me fall for her, did you?"
Shiro just purred at him as Ranmaru groaned, noticing his new feelings for his underclassman.
✿✿✿✿✿✿✿I am back from le dead//soul comes back from Enchanted Kingdom//
Sorry for the late chapter! I've been busy since summer and when school started. I just had this massive writers block and couldn't write oneshots.
AND HOLY CHEESE BURGER IT'S ALMOST SYO'S BIRTHDAY!
I want to make him something but judging from the oneshots here, IT'S ALL SYO. ALL SYOOOOO.
I just love that guy and I'm planning to buy him a cake on his birthday (lewl).
And Requests are CLOSED! I've been listening to some songs recently and I have some oneshots in mind so stay tuned! For those who requested earlier, I'm going to make them pending because it's kinda stressful focusing on one oneshot while you have others to write. So... Yeah!
And also, I have a new book whete I can publish some new announcements, rants and some fangirling moments. It's titled as "Randomness of Nadeshiko1412" and you can find it in my profile.
It serves as my diary of my daily life and announcements if I'm going hiatus or I'm going to an event so maybe I can meet you guys. So, add that to your library to stay tuned on my future rantings and announcements!
Anywhale, Thanks for being patient and all for this oneshot! Peace!
-Nadeshiko1412
Instagram: nadeshiko1412