
Warning: Occness ahead. Maybe.
Dedicated to: AtsushiPocky cause senpai requested it.
☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆
Spalsh
Spalsh
The sound of the fierce waves scared (Name). They were in a beach vacation with the Hijirikawa family. The Hijirikawa's weren't still there yet so she had taken the chance to explore this private beach they rented out.
As a kid, she loved the sound of the waves. It calms her down. Making sure that nature is taking care of her wherever she goes. But now, as a young adult, she easily flinches when she hears the roaring waves. Why? She doesn't know why.
She walked around the beach on her bare feet. It was fun walking in the sand, but she wasn't sure if the critters that live under the sand are nice or not. Thus, ending up wearing her sandals again. To be safe.
In the distant, she heard soft piano notes playing. (Name) followed the sound and she ended up in a pavilion. Curious of who was playing, she entered the pavilion and peeked a little.
Blue hair is what she saw. His fingers waltzed rhythmically as he played the piano. (Name)'s eye's sparkled in delight. She loved playing the piano. She loves it more that she loves her phone.
Without knowing, the male stopped and looked at her with a stern look. "Who are you?" He asked.
She gulped in nervousness. (Name) opened the door and presented herself to the male with a nervous look. "I'm (Name) (Last Name)", She introduced. "I'm sorry I disturbed you." And bowed apologetically to him.
He shook his head. "It's no problem. I'm Masato Hijirikawa." He introduced. "I guess you are the daughter of the (Last Name) family aren't you?"
(Name) regained her calm posture and faced him. "Yes, yes I am."
"It is nice meeting you then."
"Same to you."
The beach waves seemed quiet when they met. A peaceful sound that rings a soft lullaby in their ears. First meetings do have a good effect to both persons sometimes.
☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆A/N:Idon'tknowwhy. I hope you guys uh liked this. First ever Masato oneshot. And I think I failed //sobs