
Dedicated to: neoqueenserenity101
I hope you enjoy this!
☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆
Maybe a push wasn't a bad idea.
(Name) was practically invited for a picnic date alongside the school lake with the most fashionable person in the whole academy.
Of course-- It was Syo Kurusu.
He is fashionable. Yes, it is true. His fedora adds his height for about 2cm taller. It is true that he has a twin. Quite upbeat. And he plays the violin.
Perferction for (Name).
She arrived wearing her favorite (favorite color) lace dress with matching (favorite color) heels. Even though it was just a picnic, she had to look a little fashionable.
Especially if she is with the most fashionable guy in the whole academy. (Name) saw a black fedora and walked towards it. It was Syo waiting for her.
Syo turned his head and saw (Name). Her dress captivated him as much he was already captivated of her. (Name)'s (hair color) locks framed her so well. Her (eye color) orbs glistened in excitement.
"Ah," Syo started as he warmly smiled at (Name). "(Name). You're here." He added as (Name) nodded. "Thank's for comming."
(Name) nodded. "It wasn't a big deal actually," she said as she smiled at him. "I was really free today."
Seeing her smile made Syo's day much better than usual. And having this lake side picnic with her? This is making his fedora go off!
Syo patted the spot next to him. "You can sit here." (Name) frantically nodded and blushed furiously and sat right next to him.
They chatted for awhile and ate in silence. They were both awkward. (Name) and Syo weren't fans of silence.
Syo coughed to break the weird silence that was going on. "Actually, uh, (Name). I uh."
He never actually stuttered. He never stutters! But when it comes to (Name), his confidence breaks down.
"You what Syo-kun?" (Name) asked as she looked at Syo who was red as Otoya's hair.
He mustered up the courage to tell that one tiny word. "(Name)," He said, full seriousness in his words. "I like yo--"
But he was cut off by a strong push as he and (Name) was pushed into the water.
Culprit? Natsuki Shinomiya. Natuski chuckled as he pushed the two into the water and ran away quickly.
Syo, underwater, was hugging (Name). He wasn't gonna let her go. Especially if it's underwater. Noticing that both of them needed air, Syo leaned in and placed his lips onto (Name)'s.
(A/N: Sorry had to butt in. I remembered this in a scene of A Detective Conan Movie lol.)
(Name)'s eyes opened widely. Syo Kurusu was kissing her! An underwater kiss! The two went up for air. Syo looked at (Name) with full seriousness.
They had their first kiss together. So, he thought, he might as well confess. "I like you." He simply said as he grabbed his fedora that was floating right beside him and placed it on (Name)'s damped hair.
(Name) who had to process what Syo had said there, covered her red face in embarrasment. She was too embarrassed to look at him. Syo then leaned in again as (Name) removed her hands. As he tried to kiss her again, he dragged her down into water again and kissed her.
For (Name), it was the best kiss she recieved.
★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★
A/n:
Best.Syo.Kurusu.oneshot.Iever.Made.
//shot