
"Damn it Syo! That's not the right line!" You scolded Syo again.
You and Syo were practicing for a play for the kids in the orphanage. Saotome pleaded the group  to participate and to make the children happy.
Well that's not the only reason.
Saotome has video camera's all over the theater where the play is going to be held. He was going to make it live for people to see.
Not so easy though.
"Well sorry (First name)," He said as he looked at you. "I wanted to make it creative."
You raised a brow at him. "Creative? Why?"
He looked at the script he was holding and gripped it tight. "Because this isn't a script for kids!" He spat. "The kids wont understand this!"
"It's about a two princes, two servants, two ordinary girls which were liked and loved by the two princes, one evil queen, an old woman and a nature spirit." You explained. "The kids will understand. Trust me."
Syo sighed. "I just cant get over the fact that Natsuki is the prince I'm serving," He grumbled with an annoyed face. "Why am I even a servant with no memory of his past who was a prince in far off strong kingdom and then it disappeared in tiny little pieces?"
You giggled. He memorized his character's description. "Hey, I'm the other servant too. Ittoki's servant slash Ittoki's cousin to be in fact. And I was a long lost princess too! So don't sulk down Syo."
Syo looked at you with a smile. "Guess you're right (First Name)." He grinned.
"Okay then. Let's start from the top. Again." you announced and Syo happily obliged.
------------------------------------------ ☆
"Neh (First Name)." Syo called out. "What is it?"
"Do you like someone?" He asked unwillingly. You felt a gush of blood went up to your cheeks. You do have a little crush on the blonde guy.
"Well I do have someone in mind." You playfully scratched your cheek. You were getting redder and redder like a Tomato.
"What is he like?" You gulped nervously.
He never asked you such questions up until now.
"He's cute," You described. "He's stylish, brave and quite a gentleman."
"Is he someone that I know?" He asked but your nerve's snapped because of annoyance and nervousness and threw at him a bag full of stuff and he dodged it.
"Would you start memorizing?!" You shouted. He scratched the back of his head with a grin.
"Sorry Sorry. I was just curious." He said as he gave you back the bag.
You took the bag and placed it right on a corner. "Curious?" Syo nodded. "Why?"
He looked at the script again. "It's..." and suddenly looked down the floor. "Nothing."
You looked at him curiously but he then jolted up with a smile. "Anyways, I was practicing on something I want to say to the girl I like."
"Would you help me?" He pleaded.
Girl? Like? That hurts.
You flashed a fake smile that you tried to make it quite convicing that you aren't hurt.
"Well, Okay then! How can I help?"
He made you stand right in front of him. You got curious why he did that.