
Let's move on to sixth grade. I really got bullied to the bones when I was in sixth grade. But, I met my otaku Best friend Rovie in sixth grade so It was a good thing. And I was addicted to K-Pop (Do you know the group BOYFRIEND AND INFINITE? Yeah. I was a fan of them).
There was a group of girls bullied me for being an "otaku" and "acting cute to boys" something like that. And for some reason, me and Rovie's other best friend, let's call her Aly, was the one leading that group. It was November 8th. When I went to school, that group of girls led by Aly moved to another set of seats away from my seat. I was sitting next to the window so I was kinda fine. But not that fine because I had no seat mates. No one was actually seating next beside me or around me. Rovie was absent so I was really lonely that day. And I felt out numbered. Some of my friends, Nessa and Aira went to me and started talking to me and accompanying me. It was fun since I have some friends who care and want to be with me.
Aly then started texting me bad things about me. That I was an internet addict, a weeb and I stink (sheesh, I wear perfume. Victoria Secret). She even cursed. I eventually ended up crying but Nessa and Aira comforted me.
I never told my parents about the bullying since I don't want them to worry about. So I just brush it off when they ask if my day is great. I would answer them: My day was GREAT.
My seventh grade though was boring so I won't tell you guys what happened that year since It's my least favorite year.
I'm in Eight Grade now. And what I can tell you that this year was the most fun year of all. I met tons of new friends. YueSato and DAShi-Chan are one of them. (HI GUYS!)
My sophomore year is going to end so I will miss the fun times me and my classmates had this 2014-2015 school year.
～～～I started writing when I was in Sixth grade.
And I promise you, I was not that good. I was bad at storytelling, I was not good in using: Their, they're there, you, you're you are, your. My grammar was not that top notch.
My first ever story was a RyoSaku fanfic. I was addicted to Prince of Tennis/Tennis no Ouji-Sama. And I posted it on fanfiction.net .
Let's say I wasn't that good. I have an online best friend, let's call her Naomi, that pulled me into the fan fiction world. Let me say that she's a great author than me. I promise you. Her Katekyo Hitman Reborn fanfics are to die for. I don't know if she still write fanfics because we never talk that much anymore and she is now addicted to K-Pop.
Naomi would review my story and suggests things need to be done. Like my story telling. The use of the quotation marks. The use. Of the bold and italics. EVERYTHING.
But I got a ton of hate messages on that story so I stopped and left fanfciton.net for good.
I don't know if my fanfiction.net account is still alive but I don't want to revive it since I have wattpad now.
So, after that, I needed something to post my stories. And I came across WATTPAD.
By the way. This isn't my first account here in wattpad. It is my third account that I made and the most successful account I own.
The first two? I hate them. They were not succesful. The first one had the same username of my fanfiction.net account. I won't tell you guys. But I abandoned that account because I have no stories to post and hate came along and lmao.