
Warning: A little OCCness here ;-; Sorry.
Bold Italic- Tokiya's thoughts on the sticky paper
Dedicated to: AtsushiPocky cause senpai loves Tokiya (Tokiya is the bae lawl)
★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★
As a great fan of music, you go to every kind of musical concerts. From musicals, to concerts and soap operas.
Money wasn't a big problem for you if it's about music.
Music is your life. That's why you go to every musical concerts you can afford and go to.
Except one.
A famous boy band named ST★RISH is holding a concert in a private auditorium in your place. As you asked how much the ticket was, you almost broke down to bits.
It was worth a diamond (not really a diamond but it is expensive as a diamond). You sat down on a bench near the auditorium. You really wanted to watch so badly.
Well, it isn't your fault that those boys are hella famous. You got one solid reason why you wanted to watch it.
Tokiya Ichinose.
His voice is perfect and clear. So clear that you fell for him as hard as Apollo fell for Cassandra.
But, not like Apollo that much. You weren't that kind of person to give something big for someone or something.
You groaned in annoyance.
"There is always a next time." You thought as you sighed.
As you looked up, there was a tall figure infront of you.
He had glasses and blue-violet hair and dark blue orbs. He looked like someone you know.
Someone like Tokiya Ichinose.
"Are you going to watch the concert?" He asked as you shook your head.
Why was he asking that?
He took out something that resembles a ticket out of his pocket. He crouched to your level of sight and presented you the ST★RISH concert ticket.
Your eyes widen in surprise. He was going to give you ticket!
"N-No! You don't have too! I already saw ST★RISH once! So it's okay!" You said as you panicked a little.
It was true that you saw them once. Since one of the first concerts weren't that expensive. And you even sat infront.
He shook his head. He took your hands to his and placed the ticket on your palm. "I insist."
You blushed as he took your hand to his. It was warm. His voice really reminded you of Tokiya.
He then leaned closer to your ear. "Keep this a secret okay?" He then regained his posture and took off his glasses.
Tokiya Ichinose.
You were stunned. Paralyzed. Unable to move. Tokiya Ichinose is infront of you.
He then placed back his glasses and stood up. "See you when I see you." Tokiya said as he waved and left you.
You looked down to the ticket. There was a sticky note on it.
The first concert I was captivated to you. A regular fan. Stole my heart. I hope to see you in front once again.
Of course.
★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★
Author's Note:
//I'm sorry if I suck being Tokiya.
I remembered the episode of Tokiya smiling in season two. So I based this Nice Tokiya to that episode?
//So I hope you enjoy this. I should be studying.