
Dedicated to: Strawberwy_Chan (I Like your username! *strawberry lover*)
☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆
"(Name)! Come on!", The red hed exclaimed as he dragged the said girl to the beach.
"Yes, yes Otoya-kun.", (Name) giggled as she followed. She was excited. More than excited.
It was their first vacation together since Ittoki became an Idol. The stopped in their tracks with sand in their sandals. The red head jumped in excitement. He couldn't keep still anymore.
He took of the jacket he is wearing revealing him shirtless with his swimming shorts he already wore in advance.
(Name) sweatdropped. The boy is so excited for this vaction. Ittoki hurriedly put their things somewhere safe. Placing the last bag, he quickly ran to the beloved water.
"Ittoki!" (Name) called out with a bottle of sunscreen in her hands. "YOU HAVEN'T APPLIED SUNSCREEN YET!"
Ittoki plunged himself into the water not even listening to the girl. He missed the sea water that tasted salty as he rose up. It reminded him the times where he would go to the beach with the other kids in the orphanaged.
Now was different he Imagined. He was in a beach vacation with (Name). The most beautiful sun flower he have ever seen when he entered the academy.
(Name) groaned in annoyance as she walked towards the sea with the bottle of sunscreen in her hand. Ittoki then rose up from the water and saw her and swam to her. "Ittoki!" (Name) said as she waves the sunscreen. "You forgot to apply sunscreen-" Before she could finished, she was dragged into the salty water.
While underwater, she only saw Ittoki grinning at her. They rose up to get some oxygen. (Name) heaved a heavy sigh. Ittoki pulled her close to him which surprised (Name).
"Forget about the sunscreen," The cheery boy said with a grin plastered to his face. Seeing that grin made (Name) flustered. She remembers why she feel for this guy. His smile. His guts. His childishness. Everything about him. And seeing him shirtless and drenched in sea water? It becomes a big deal for her.
"Let's just enjoy this vacation (Name)-chan!" Ittoki said as he placed a kiss on your cheek. He grabbed your wrist and swam further.
"DON'T BLAME ME IF YOU GET TANNED LIKE CECIL!", (Name) shouted.
"AND I'M STILL IN MY SHIRT AND SHORTS! ITTOKI!"
☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆A/n:Why do I make oneshots again? //shotAnyways, Happy Valentines! Sorry for the HUGE writers block. I mean-- I couldn't think of something to write and I was so busy. I hope you enjoy this even though it's short. It's kinda cute like Ittoki//shot.