
"Unravel the unwavering truth that deceives this world; Truth is within these Hands."
"A audacious shadow dances eloquently; Tell me someday about the secret you're hiding."
Cecil climbed up the tree to the window of (Name). The maiden he is friends of since a child. The maiden he fell in love with throughout the years. (Name) opened up the window revealing Cecil waiting for her. He motioned her to go near him. She leaned a little towards him as he tells a secret he someday will tell openly.
"It can't be touched by any hand offered in help, So show me the world you're hiding."
The two of them giggled as Cecil told a little part of the secret he will tell openly someday. But, that little piece of laughter ended when (Name) was called. She gave out a small smile to Cecil. "Wait for a moment." (Name) said and left Cecil. He titled his head in curiosity. Was it her fiancé again? He hopes for (Name) to show her hidden world to him.
"I'm unable to find those eyes, That dispel and steal away troubled, wavering hearts, Whilst caught up in worries and tears; Just where has the truth I was aiming for vanished to?"
He slapped her. (Random Guy Name); (Name)'s fiancé slapped her hard. (Name) who didn't fight back just cried on the ground. Cecil, who was still on the tree near the window saw what happened. (Random Guy Name) say Cecil and glared at him. And Cecil glared back at him. He clenched his fist and gritted his teeth.
He is going to save (Name) no matter what that cost is.
"Even if it were an answer that deceives the world; I'll put out my hand and say, "Trust me". I'll never run away, 'cause I'm not scared; I'll open my eyes and extinguish my fear!"
Nighttime. (Name) was sleeping soundly in her room. She opened her eyes as light hit her. It was moon light. Her window was opened. And there revealed Cecil. He put his finger near to his lips; a sign to keep it quiet. He entered the room and reached out his hand to (Name). She gladly accepted it and went out of bed. Cecil pinched her as a sign that she was cute. (Name) wore a brown hood and escaped with Cecil.
The next morning, (Random Guy Name) went to (Name)'s room. Alas, she was not in her room. Angered, he furiously commands his troop to find her. His ruby pendant showing as it glowed in fierce red.
He knew it was Cecil's doing.
☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆
A/N:
Happy Valentines day! This will end our Valentine's Spam. Hope you guys enjoyed!