
It was just a normal day for (Name) who went out of the dorms to buy some new books from a local favorite book store. (Name) was a well known idol. So, every time she goes out to buy something she wants or needs, she wears a disguise.
Today's disguise was a little simple. Some pair of rayban sunglasses, plain white shirt and skinny jeans. Her (h/c) tied up in a ponytail as she put a yankees cap on.
Done.
She was walking casually in the streets of Tokyo as she was heading to the bookstore. (Name) stopped at her tracks as she was in front of a simple temple. She looked around as if she was finding someone.
She was looking for a cat.
"Shiro?" (Name) called out the cats name. She met the poor little fellow when she was heading for the same bookstore. Shiro, a siberian cat, was at the temple's entrance, skinny and beaten up.
(Name) wanted to bring it back to the dorms. But, Shining-san didn't allowed it.
So, she let it stay in the temple. She often brings it cat food and would bring it to a friends house so Shiro can be well rested.
But today was different. (Name) called out Shiro's name for many times. But the cat didn't go to her. She was worried. Super worried about Shiro.
Did someone picked her up? Not sure.
(Name) went directly to the temple's mini garden. That's where she usually plays with the cat. As she arrives at the garden, she saw a familiar small figure being pet by someone not famillar to (Name) since he was wearing his hoodie up.
"Shiro!", (Name) called out to the cat. The feline came running towards (Name) as she heard her name. The guy, well, looked at her. Piercing his gaze to her.
"Is it yours?" The man asked. (Name) shook her head as she pets the feline. "I just found her here a few weeks ago. Started bringing her food and sometimes she stays at my friend's house " She reasoned out to the guy.
"Do you want to keep it?" She asked. The guy looked at her with a confused look on his heterochromatic eyes. "Why would I keep it you idiot?" He began to ask.
"Because you seem to do so?" (Name) said without a hint of anxiety in her voice. The way the man speaks reminded her of someone. Someone very rude and very... Tsundere-ish.
Someone like Ranmaru Kurosaki.
"Is that you Kurosaki-senpai?" (Name) asked. She carried the cat in her arms and looked at the guy who she called Kurosaki Ranmaru.
"(Last Name)." He finally said as he took off his hoodie. His spiky silver hair a little messy but he didn't mind it. "I didn't know you like cats senpai." (Name) said as she giggled. Ranmaru glared at her. A tint of red forming on his cheeks.
"I don't!" He denied. He liked cats but he never told anyone about liking cats. If he told Reiji and the others, he would get instant teasing from them.
(Name) took the cat in her arms as she faced her back at him. "Well, I should be going now. I'm gonna bring Shiro to my friends house."
As she started walking away, her movements halted as Ranmaru walked beside her. "Why are you following me?" She asked as she raised a brow at him. "You don't want to get ambushed, don't you? I'm coming along." He reasoned out.
"You just want to take Shiron from me."
"I don't like the f****** cat."
"Oh yes you do. You were smiling when you were petting Shiro."
"Fine," He groaned and hung his head in defeat. "I can volunteer to take care of him."