
"Tokiya?" She asked as she gripped her bag strap. The male in front of her had his eyes widened. He pushed up his "fake" glasses. "(Name). It's you."
(Name) gave out a smile. "Yes it is."
And the whole afternoon continued of you chattting. Eating vanilla cake while he drinks his machiatto.
"That's half a cup of milk and one cup of fine white sugar. Two eggs and two cups of flour a stick of butter. And last but not the least, add three vanilla beans to the mix. Sweet aroma fills my whole kitchen."
She invited Tokiya to her house to make a vanilla cake. He agreed which made (Name) really happy. Despite Tokiya being an idol, he finds time to relax and have fun. Even though he is stern.
As they bake the cake, Tokiya would look serious. So, (Name) would put flour on his face. Which was a really bad idea. As payback, Tokiya would put more flour on (Name) which resulted them both dressed in flour.
At last, they finished. The vanilla cake was as close as the one in the cafe. It's sweet aroma filled the whole kitchen. "Well, that ended well.", (Name) said as Tokiya glared at her.
As they cleaned up their mess, (Name) gave half of the cake to Tokiya. "Here. For you and your and groupmates.", (Name) stated as she gave a box which had the cake inside to Tokiya. "Yeah. They'll appreciate this," Tokiya said as he took the box from (Name). "Thank you for inviting me to make this with you." He added.
(Name) nodded. "Hope you guys like it!" The two of you said your goodbyes and he left.
"I have to admit, it was no easy feat. But I just want to see you smile again. Life's not a race with time. Never forget to take a break every now and then. To savor the tiny moments."
"They liked it." Tokiya said as he sipped his macchiato. You two met up in the cafe again. It was becoming regularly now. "Even Otoya and Kurusu." He added. (Name) gave out a smile. "I'm glad they liked it."
He put down the cup and faced (Name). He gave out a smile. "I liked it too." She felt her face redden. It was her first time to see Tokiya smile. "I have to take breaks now and then." Tokiya stated. (Name) tilted her head in curiosity. "Why is that?"
He looked at her. "To savor the tiny moments."
☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆★☆
A/N:
AND THIS IS THE START OF THE VALENTINES SPAM. EMEGASH, HOPE YOU GUYS LIKE THIS. THIS IS MY FAVORITE (CURRENTLY) SONG I FOUND IN YT AND IT IS LIKE. CUTE. AND I THOUGHT TOKIYA IS SUITED FOR THIS SO YEAH!
(to be honest, this is my favorite oneshot of Tokiya that I made.)
I have a date with girl friends so yeah.
VALENTINES START NOW.