
Edward slowly pushed me in the room and once we got there.he pushed on bed and got on top on me then ripped my shirt of .he started kissing and sucking on my skin I told him to stop cause I knew I was a virgin but he didn't lisen .I try to fight with him but he just keep sucking on me making me horny .then he took off my bra and sucked on my right boob it hurt for a few minutes then he did the same to theFelt .he unbotton my pants kissing my neck and down my stomach until all are closes were off. Edward slowly kiss my v line and made his was down to my private part.
I closed my eyes and tryed not to moan
I couldn't hold it in anymore I slowly breath out and moan his name Stroking his hair and moan his name Edward(edwarrd) ugh he finally stop. His brown eyes in mind he chuckled I stared deep in his eyes then asked him y (Edward y what?) Y u picked me I ask but his chuckled.
Edward point a viewI heard a noise come from the wall I quickly went to check I just stared at her she couldn't see me but I could see her she was pretty she made me hard right away a few girl walked in and out when they were gone . finally I pushed the button and the others door close so I came out she look soo sexy when she's sceared I just started at her shocked she didn't scream. I stated a her body she's perfect.so could brake the silence I aked her for her name (she answered scherlina)I thought that was a sexy ass name she didn't ask for mine name but I few seconds she asked ( um what's ur name she said? ) Edward I said but she didn't say anything else . Her black nappy hair layer on her back so soft she look about 16 and bout 4 feet she wasn't scear of me . I grabbed her by the waist and kissed her after a moment she kissed me back I was shocked .so I grabbed her a took her my secret door she didn't say anything so I just took her in I layer her on the bed slowly kissing her I couldn't take it anymore so ripped her shirt and sucked an her skin. I took her bra off and sucked on her right boob she didn't make any sound so I did the same the left still nuthing I took off her pants and started kissing her stomach making my way down I kissed her v line and she breath slowly.trying to hold her moans then I went in sucking and grabbing the lips and sucking harder and depper she couldn't take it an more she let out a slow moan then a moment later she said my name (ed warrd) she said I was surprised she even remembered . I stop moments later I stared in her eyes her and she started back I never saw a black American soo perfect .I chuckled for a long time she finally opened her mouth and asked (y me she said ) Y what I answered. I walked to the other room and sat in the dark cursing under my breath.god she drive me crazy I wanted to feel me I side of her I felt the room and gave her the schedule I made for her to come to me.
Scherlina point of view
After asking him y he chuckled and when to a other room . I heard him say a few things like his going crazy.do I quickly got dress but I could fine my shirt I walked over to him asked him for a new shirt he didn't say anything but he give me a paper Witch looked like a map and time. Her explained it to me he said I'll be stay with him for sometime I didn't mind because I didn't have any parent and I was living alone anyways I just hook my head.edward took me to his basement and gave me a new shirt then I made my way to my first class meet my teachers then I saw him in my English class I couldn't pay attention because he keep looking at me it was getting me nervous. That's when Edward came to me and ask me if I was ready for tonight. I didn't blink I just hook me head yes when he left this girl name Emily asked me ( is he your friend?) I just nod.