
After a few moments Pewdie withdrew his finger, earning a whine from Cry. Pewdie smiled at Cry and started to spread lube over his own member. He couldn't wait any longer. He slowly started to push himself into Cry groaning at the tight heat. He slowly pushed until he was fully inside of Cry's tight, virgin hole. Cry squirmed under Pewdie moaning softly at the pain while gazing at Pewdie's face that was slightly flushed. Pewdie remained still waiting for Cry to adjust to his size.
"M-move" Cry quietly mewled after about a minute, and Pewdie didn't hesitate to pull out slowly and sharply thrust back in. Them both moaned at the feeling. Pewdie shifted slightly and repeated this action, this time Cry cried out loudly, begging Pewdie to do that again. Pewdie moved his hands to hold Cry's hips so he could hit the bundle of nerves easily. He started moving away a brutal pace hitting Cry's spot perfectly every time. Cry was nearly screaming Pewdie's name in pleasure; to wrapped up in the carnal pleasure of what Pewdie was doing to feel any embarrassment. The human leant down and kissed the asvari while he continue his actions, his pace increasing slightly. Cry's moans were muffled by Pewdie's lips that we're bruising the asvari's lips with the shear force of the kiss. Pewdie wrapped his hand around Cry and pumped him in time with his thrusts. They were both nearing their release.
"I-I'm close" Cry struggled to speak as Pewdie's thrusts grew harder. "Me to" Pewdie replied and moved his hand quickly along Cry's leaking member. With one final thrust they both cried out and came, Pewdie held Cry closer possessively while they came down from their highs.
Cry panted and blushed ((again)) while faintly smiling at Pewds. Pewdie smiled back at Cry and slowly remove himself from Cry. They both slumped, exhausted. Pewdie laid down of the sofa pulling Cry into his chest. The human grabbed a nearby blanket and laid it on top of them. They lay in a comfortable silence. "I love you Cry." Pewdie whispered " I love you too" Cry whispered back. They both slipped into a peaceful, sleep. Little did they know someone was listening... ((Dun dun duuuun!))