
This is the smut I wrote for WolfieRuth's divided (read her story. Do It!) I thought I would paste my awful smut here as well because... Well I don't really have a reason I just needed something different for this chapter. Also I thought I should tell you I wrote most of this in a cafe..
WARNING SMUT AHEAD:
"H-hey Pewdie w-would you like to s-stay at my house? As y-you don't really h-have anyw-where at the m-moment, and I'm sure you don't want to s-stay in a inn." Cry nervously trailed off As Pewdie turned to look at him. Pewdie smiled warmly at him "That sounds like fun." Cry blushed under his mask, and took Pewdie's hand and led towards his home in Daslavasa.
---time machine---
Cry and Pewdie arrived at Cry's house a few moments later. Currently they were settled on Cry's sofa- Cry had his 'unmasked' face buried in Pewdie's neck as they cuddled together and talked about the current happenings in the fanfiction. ((4th wall broken))
At about 11pm Cry spoke up "Would you like to come to bed?" Pewdie raised his eyebrows and smirked at the oblivious asvari. "Is that an invitation?" Pewdie remarked. Cry blushed bright red "I didn't mean it like that!" He went to lightly hit Pewdie's shoulder but before he could he was pinned to the sofa by the smug Human. The dazed asvari took a few moments to comprehend the situation before his whole face flushed.
Pewdie stared at Cry's beautiful, flushed face, taking in all of his features; his sapphire eyes sparkled with embarrassment and slight desire, his soft pink lips were slightly parted.
Pewdie learnt down slowly toward the asvari's face, watching as Cry's eyes fluttered closed. Their lips met and they could feel sparks of heated desire between them. Pewdie gently bit Cry's lower lip. Cry opened his mouth with out hesitation allowing himself to be dominated by Pewdie.
Their tongues danced together, coaxing a stream of muffled moans from Cry. Pewdie moved his hands from Cry's wrists and straddled Cry's waist. They broke the kiss only for a few seconds to regain their breath before joining their lips again. Pewdie trailed his hands down Cry's chest reaching under Cry's shirt and pinching his nipples. Cry mewled and broke the kiss- face flushed- he was panting and making cat like mewls. Pewdie smiled and pulled Cry's shirt off continuing to play with his hardening nipples.
He attacked the asvari's neck with light kisses, Cry moaned and Pewdie bit and sucked gently on that spot. Cry squirmed under Pewdie, while he marked his neck. The human pulled away from the moaning asvari's neck and admired his work. An obvious red mark was on Cry's neck for everyone to see.
Cry shyly tugged at Pewdie's shirt. Pewdie smiled warmly at Cry while removing his shirt- never once breaking eye contact. Cry blushed and pulled Pewdie's head down for another kiss. While they where kissing Pewdie's hands trailed down to Cry's pants. He could feel Cry's hardened member through the material. Cry moaned loudly as Pewdie palmed him through his trousers that seemed way to tight. Cry covered his mouth to muffle the noises and blushed, Pewdie smiled and removed Cry's hand. "Don't. I want to hear you." Was all he said before continuing his actions. Cry moaned and mewled while Pewdie unfastened his trousers and pulled them down.Revealing pale thighs and black boxers. Pewdie slipped his hand inside of Cry's boxers and wrapped it around Cry moving slowly. Cry moaned loudly and shakily undid Pewdie's belt, Pewdie helped him remove his trousers so they were both in their boxers.
"Are you sure about this?" Pewdie asked Cry, not wanting to force the asvari who was obviously still a virgin. "Y-yes I'm sure, I want you" Cry and Pewdie both blushed at this. Pewdie quickly composed himself and smirked at Cry. He removed Cry's boxers and threw them on the floor beside the sofa. He grabbed a small bottle of lube that happened to be by the sofa ((magic)) and poured a generous amount on his fingers. He kissed Cry's neck to distract him while he slowly inserted his finger into the asvari. The asvari squirmed at the unusual feeling of something entering him. Pewdie moved and curled his finger inside of Cry coaxing surprised moans from him. Pewdie entered a second finger and repeated the process, moving his fingers in a scissoring motion coaxing more moans.