
Percy's Pov (point of view) I just asked my awesome girlfriend Annabeth to a date. Its time. I saw Annabeth with a nervous expression on her face. I asked what's up. Annabeth said "I was offered a job to go to Greece to remodel a temple for my mom. How long I asked? Maybe a couple of months. That's a long time but OK.
Annabeths Pov
Little does he know that I'm not actually going to Greece. I'm going to go and meet my new boyfriend from the Internet. Why you may ask. Its because I've heard rumors that Percy was cheating on me so I do the same.
4 weeks later Percy's Pov Hey Chiron I'm going for a stroll in the city. OK just comeback alive without any injuries. And off I went. Near the Empire State Building I saw a girl with a boy kissing. She was just like Annabeth. With the curly blond hair' orange t shirt and a necklace with beads on it. Just out of curiosity I followed. After what seems like minutes I saw that it was Annabeth. I gasped and tears formed around my eyes. I immediately bolted to the Empire State Building and asked for the key for 600th floor. I guessed that I looked kind've desperate because he handed it over without a word. I sprinted towards the throne room and entered without bowing. Lord Zeus I'm deeply sorry for not bowing but I have one very easy request. Then what is it? I wish to die. Gasps were heard throughout the room. Even Artemis gasped which was strange considering she hated all males. Zeus asked why would you want to die saviour of Olympus? Annabeth lied then cheated on me. What! Athena yelled. She did not. Where is the proof? I created a mist and asked to show Annabeth and guess what appeared. Annabeth making out with her mortal "Friend". Again gasps were heard across the room and Annabeth glanced over and gave a yelp. Then she saw me. She said this isn't what it looks like. Huh. You are in a mortal's bedroom, on his bed and he has his dick in your private area. A.N. I will try to update every other day and if your lucky maybe once a day. Alpha out, bye.