
"So. Should we tell the boys" Calum said pulling up and stopping in front of Michaels house, "I don't know" I said looking at Luke's car beside us, "let's not" he said getting out and before I could even grab my phone off the charger he had opened my door "princess" he said smiling. "They might know if you keep doing things like that" I said laughing and getting out, "oh well, I take care of what's mine" he said closing the door, "shit lets just tell them" I said as he put his arm across my shoulders and we started walking, "okay" he said giggling. I walked right up in Michaels house like I owned the place, "hi Michaels mom" I said walking into the kitchen, "oh hi desi, hi cal" she said putting something in the oven, "the boys are upstairs". "Okay" I said as we started to the stairs, "desi won't you stick around for dinner you haven't been over in forever" she said smiling, "sure" I said smiling and looking at the very impatient Calum waiting in the stairway, "invite all the boys" she said turning to go into the front room. I walked back over to Calum and he put his arm on my shoulders again, "you ready princess" he said looking at me, "as ready as I'll ever be" I said putting my arm around him. We walked into Michaels room and they all turned "oh oh oh what's this" Michael said trying not to laugh, "shut up mikey" I said sticking my tongue out at him, "and it seems Calum got the bad girl" Ashton said smirking, "I did" Calum said kissing my forehead, "and delum has been born" Ashton said laughing. "So what song are we doing" Calum said walking over to meet the other boys, "what about Jersey" Michael said, "no" Luke said looking at his phone, "why don't you guys do teenage dirtbag" I said looking at them. "It's cool with me" Calum said looking at them, "of course it is" Ashton said smiling, "shut up" Calum said laughing. "I'm game" Ashton said standing up, "my butt hurts" he said laughing and rubbing it, "so we all agree" Michael said "teenage dirtbag?" Everyone nodded in agreement. So they all got set up. They sang it once, then again, then again, the third time finally remembering to introduce Ashton as the new drummer. They were a pretty good band I guess, I wasn't listening. "I have to get home" Ashton said after it was posted, "wait Michaels mom invited us for dinner" I said looking at Ashton, he stepped out to call his mom. "Luke can I talk to you" I said looking at him, "yeah" he said getting up and walking out of the room, "what's wrong" I said looking at his eyes, "nothing" he said looking down, "your never this quiet" I said sitting down on the floor. "How could you do it again" he said sinking down beside me and putting his head in his hands, "you fucking promised" he said he voice almost cracking. "I know" I said looking at him, "I'm sorry". "Oh your sorry. That makes it go away doesn't it" he said sitting back and putting his head against the wall, "can I see" he said looking at me. "Not here" I said getting up and walking to the bathroom, he closed the door behind him, I started to roll up my sleeve but I couldn't. He crossed the room and grabbed my arm "it's alright desi" he said hugging me, he pushed my sleeve up, "oh my gosh" he said looking, "it's not as bad as it looks" I said turning to look at it. He pushed my sleeve back down and hugged me, when he let go I could see the tears on his face, I hugged him again "Luke stop" I said "just stop", I hugged him tighter, "Calum makes you happy?" He asked wiping his face, "he does" I said wiping a tear off his face with my sleeve, "then I support you" he said smiling.