
"So what's your cousins name" Calum asked, "shelby" I said sitting down on a bench, "oh" he said sitting down. "What" I said looking at him, "I don't know I just wanted to say oh" he said leaning back and smiling, "your an idiot" I said smiling at him. "But I'm your idiot" he said looking at me and smiling, "not yet you aren't" I said looking at him and laughing, "I will be" he said smiling. "Maybe you will be" I said looking into his eyes and smiling, "maybe I could be -" he started "DESI" I heard shelby yell, "shelby!" I said standing up and walking over to her and some guy, "so who's this" I asked, "this is Nathan I told you I was bringing him" she said looking at me, "oh I thought Nathan was a dog" I said, "no" she said laughing. Calum walked up behind me, "hey princess" he said coming up and laying his head on top of mine, "I would watch it, she doesn't like being called that" shelby said looking at him. "Oh shelby this is Calum" I said pulling him around to my side, "hi" she said smiling at him, "Nathan - Calum, Calum - Nathan, Desi - Nathan, Nathan - Desi" she finished. "Hi it's nice to finally meet you, I trust you've been treating my cousin right" I said looking at Nathan, "always" he said looking at her fondly. "So desi is Calum your little lover boy" she said looking at him, "not yet" I said looking at him, "I was about to be" he said looking back at me, "well why don't you just ask her out already" shelby said looking at Calum. "The moments gone, but not to worry princess. I will. It's gonna happen" he said looking at me and then shelby said "well let's go". We went and got in my car "turn on the radio" shelby said shutting her door, and as if she knew it was the song 'the boys you do' by the summer set, so we started jamming out and singing and I almost hit a stop sign but it was so good just to let go for awhile with her. We decided that Nathan would stay with Calum and we would go over on afternoons to see them. Me and shelby got back to my house and she started putting her stuff away, "soCalum seems nice" she said putting her bag on the floor, "he's really nice" I said pausing the movie, "how long have you known him" she asked sitting down, "not long" I said laughing, "but you have to like him" she said sitting her phone down, "why do you say that" I asked looking at her confused. "You kill people for calling you princess" she said laughing, "but he's sweet and cute" I said looking at her, "I don't know" she said looking away, "he seems like an ass" she said walking over and turning off the light, "he does not!" I said maybe to defensively. "He does too" she said getting in her bed, "whatever" I said rolling over. "You know I'm always right" she said before I fell asleep.