
"Are you sure we're allowed to wear this" shelby said looking at the shirt I picked for her, it was pink and it said 'why the fuck am I here'. "Trust me I do it all the time" I said putting my shoes on, "yeah but your you, I don't wear badass stuff, I like floral" she said running her hands through her curly hair, "oh well, as long as you stay with me, your gonna be badass" I said. Then the door opened "hey princess" Calum said walking in, "hey cal" I said looking at him and smiling, shelby and Nathan were to busy letting their mouths talk between themselves. "Alright let's go" I said shoulder bumping shelby on the way out the door, the guys started walking faster than us when we got outside, "wow. You really love himHuh" I said looking at her, "I do. I mean I'm with him aren't I" she said smiling at him. "I still don't know about this" she said looking at her outfit, "you look badass trust me" I said assuring her. She walked into the school and then stopped when she realised I wasn't behind her, "aren't you coming" she said stepping back outside, "ha on time?" I said looking at her, "yeah duh" she said looking at me like I was stupid, "no thanks. I'm going out for ice cream, later mate" I said turning to walk away. She walked back inside I wasn't even half way across the parking space when I heard Calum "DESTINY WHERE DO YOU THINK YOUR GOING" he yelled stomping after me, "to get ice cream" I said still walking, he ran to catch up with me, "look I get that your a badass and all but you can't be late everyday" he said slightly loud, "I'm later everyday as it is. I'm fine. Why are you so worried" I said turning to look at him, he grabbed my hands and said "because I don't want my punk rock princess in any trouble". "Oh yeah I have detention today" I said looking at the ground, "for what" he said pushing my face up with his finger on my chin, "I said ass to Luke in art" I said trying not to laugh. "Well that's okay" he said smiling, "Calum I just want you to know what I'm about to do is out of my control okay" I said looking up at him, "okay?" He said kind of smiling. I stood up on my tippy toes to reach his face and then I kissed him once. I stood back down and turned to walk away, "hey" he said grabbing my arm, "yeah" I said turning around to look at him, "don't skip all day princess" he said smirking, "not and miss seeing your smile" I said looking at him. "See ya at lunch my little punk rock princess" he said smirking, "I'm going to get ice cream now" I said walking away from him.