
"Thanks" I said getting my ice cream and walking away from the counter to sit down. "Oh hi I thought I'd find you here" some weird mop headed guy said sitting down, "and just who the hell are you" I said looking at him, "well I just need to know that your the person I'm looking for" he said smirking and leaning back in his chair. "And just who are you looking for. Because it's damn sure not me" I said eating my ice cream, "well see I need the school badass" he said putting air quotes around badass. "Oh" I said looking at him, "yeah, and I'm pretty sure it's you" he said running his hand through his mop, "oh. What makes you so sure" I said looking at him, "one: your skipping school, two: your shirt says "why the hell would I sit with you", three: I'm friends with your ex Nathan" he said. "Oh well in that case your welcome to leave me the hell alone" I said looking at his eyes, they were not like ones I'd seen before, "look I just moved here, he said your the one to talk to if I want a good start around here." He said chewing on his nail, "well I'm not exactly in to training puppies" I said looking at him uninterested, "come on mate, I just need to get a good start, I'll leave you alone right after" he said practically begging, "alright" I said looking at him. "But we're making you badass" I said looking him up and down. I texted Calum and told him to meet me outside the school between classes, "hey princess. Who's this" he said walking up, "hey Cal, this is umm I don't know" I said looking at him, "your walking around with a guy but you don't know his name" he said looking kind of streamed, "yeah" I said laughing, "don't do that you know I can't be mad at you when you giggle" he said smiling and holding his arms out, I walked up and hugged him, "so you are?" Calum said holding one of his hands out to the guy, "I'm Ashton" he said shaking his hand, "nice to meet you, I see you've already met Desi" Calum said putting his chin on top of my head. "I have" Ashton said smiling, "actually I need to talk to you" I said walking out and turning to look at him, "about what" cal said smiling, "I need your house key" I said smiling at him, "what for princess" he said reaching into his pocket, "well Ashton just moved here and I wanna help him get a start as a badass" I said looking up at him, "oh okay, just not my cobain shirt" he said holding out his key, "I like your cobain shirt" I said reaching for it, but he lifted his hand up out of my reach, "if I give you this you have to swear you won't steal my shirt" he said still holding it up, "I swear" I said crossing my fingers behind my back, "okay then" he said handing me his key, "hurry back princess" he said smiling, I quickly leaned up and kissed his cheek. "Bye Calum" I said turning in the direction of his house, "wait" he said running up beside me, "here" he said shoving his car keys in my hand, "really" I said looking up at him, "sure, it just shows everyone that your mine" he said smiling. I called Ashton over from where he was sitting and turned back to Calum, "thanks Calum" I said smiling at him, he hugged me "anything for my princess" he said smiling. I unlocked his car and Ashton got in, "see ya at lunch" I said walking around his car. "so he really trusts you huh" Ashton said looking at me, "I guess so" I said turning out of the school drive lane, "wow" he said shocked. But I can't blame him, Calum's car was super nice, he has a two door 2014 Lamborghini, but it's a really ugly grey. We pulled up in front of Calum's house, "alright" I said getting out and walking up to the door, Ashton followed me up to Calum's room, "so is Calum your boyfriend" Ashton said sitting down, "not exactly" I said leafing through Calum's closet, "oh" he said looking at me. I picked out an all Time low shirt with black skinny jeans and I threw them at him, "I'm gonna go make a sandwich" I said walking out. I was half way through it when Ashton came down, "hmm maybe you can pull this off" I said looking at him.