
"Where are we going" I said looking back at Calum's house in the distance, "where Michael asked you to go earlier" he said stopping at his car. He unlocked it "get in" he said letting go of my hand and getting in himself, "oh" I said quietly as he started up his car. It was quiet as we drove until Calum broke the silence, "why" he said still looking at the road, "why what" I said looking at him. "Why did you do it" he said slowing down the car "I don't know" I said as he pulled over "that's bullshit" he said looking out of his window, I saw his hands tighten on the steering wheel, "I just don't know Calum" I said looking away from him, "don't do it again" he said "look at me" he started putting his hands on my shoulder, I turned and locked on to his eyes. "Desi, you don't understand, I think your so so so perfect, it hurts me so much to know that you can't see that." He said as he looked down "it hurts to know that no matter how much I care about you, you'll never care about yourself. Desi I don't want you to hurt yourself ever" he said looks back up and I could see a tear starting to well up in his eyes. "Calum just stop" I said sliding over to sit on top on the speaker he had between his seats, I hugged him, "just stop okay. I won't do it again. Okay" I said still hugging him. "I love you so much" he said hugging me back, "I love you too" I said laying my head on top of his, he sat up so fast, "really" he said fast and smiling and excited like a small child, "yes you idiot" I said smiling at just how excited he was. He reached up and hugged me again, then he let go and leaned back slowly with his arm still around me, "desi. I have a question" he said looking at me with just like amazing sparkle in his eyes, "what would that be" I said looking back at him, "will you be my princess" he said smiling, "of course" I said looking at him. He smiled so big I thought his stupid face was going to rip open, then he threw his arms around me and hugged me super tight, then his hands slid down to my lower back, and still lower. "Calum" I said looking at him, "what" he said like he wasn't even doing it, "really" I said looking at him, "I can't help it. It's all I think about" he said laughing. "Oh" I said laughing, "besides its mine now so you can't stop me" he said smiling again, I slid down off the speaker and back into my seat, "I guess I can't" I said surprised that his arm could still reach, "shouldn't we get going" I said looking at him, "I guess" he said moving his hand and starting the car. On the way to Michaels it was quiet so I took the time to think, wow. I actually agreed to date someone again. Nathan was the first since 6th grade. Why did I agree. And why am I letting Calum change me so much. Maybe Taylor was right. But I'll be dammed if I don't love that boy.