
I was almost half way home when shelby ran up beside me, "holy shit your booking it" she said winded "stop for a minute". I stopped walking and looked at her, she was bent down with her hands on her knees, "I ran for you" she said between breaths. "I see that" I said laughing, "so what's code 30" she said looking at me, "I've skipped 30 full days of school" I said looking at her, "wow you should stop" she said finally standing up, I shrugged and started walking. We got home and she sprinted to the door and threw it open, I was almost to the door when Michael pulled up "desi Get in the car" he said from the window, "no" I said still walking, "get in the car!" He said a slight bit ruder. "Why Michael" I said turning around, "so I can listen to you tell me I did the wrong thing no thanks Michael" I said walking to the door, "look. I know I just met you but can we talk" I heard Ashton's voice say, "wow yeah a complete stranger can fix it" I said sarcastically. "You may not be the only one on that ride" he said opening his door and getting out, "what" I said turning around, "so, can we talk" he said coming a step closer, "yeah" I said walking to the doorway. "I'll be home later!" I yelled up so shelby could hear, "I was almost asleep you asshat!" She yelled back, "come on" Ashton said turning and walking down the road. We ended up at the park that's close to Calum's house. "Ashton what the hell did you mean maybe I'm not the only one" I said looking at his eyes, "maybe you aren't" he said looking at me. I just used my feet and started pushing the swing, "princess" I heard Calum's voice say, I got up and started walking, "don't call me that" I said before walking out of the park. "Look just stop" Calum said standing in front of me, "what could you possibly want from me" I said stopping and looking at him, "I just want you to listen. And understand" he said looking down at me. "Okay yeah I'm gonna understand that you kissed Sarah" I said looking down at the ground, "no I didn't" he said pulling my face up, "well I did but, listen, Sarah knows some things about me that i don't need out there, and she has some videos of me that were sent to my ex, look princess-" he started I cut him off, "don't call me that", "look, your my princess, I don't want to lose you, you mean" he started and he looked around "look" he said putting his hands on the side of my face and making me look at him, "you mean the world to me, I trust you with everything, because" he stopped and looked at the ground "I love you" he said looking at me, God damnit his eyes still fucking blow me away, "really" I said looking up at him. "Yes desi" he said giggling a bit, "even when your mad and you storm off, or when you get pissy and wear shirts that say fuck off, Michael told me that to make you love me I had to make you laugh, but every time you laugh I'm the one who falls in love" he said letting go of my face, "but you can continue to angrily March away now, it's cute" he said grinning. "Your an idiot" I said looking away from him, "I love you too princess" he said hugging me. "Now. What's a code 30" he said looking at me, "it means I skipped 30 days of school" I lied, "Luke told me" he said looking down at me arm, I moved it behind him and hugged him, "well just forget that you know" I said looking away from him. "Come on" he said dragging me back toward his house.