
I woke up and Calum was gone, but I was wearing his shirt. Oh okay then. I took a shower and when I got out my sister was in the bathroom, "what the hell" I said grabbing my towel, "you take to long" she said running her hand through her hair. "Besides your a slut anyway, I saw that boy sneaking out this morning" she said, "I didn't sleep with him for you information" I said getting out of the shower. "Sure you didn't, just like you didn't sleep with Luke", she said walking out and closing the door. "Fucking bitch" I said aloud to myself, "don't talk about your sister that way!" My mum yelled from her room, "maybe I meant you" I yelled back. I walked to my room and found michael sitting on my bed, "hi naked Dessy is that my towel" he said looking at it, "yeah I stole it" I said walking to my dresser, "anyway, I heard you cuddled with Calum last night, did anyone get handsy" he said smirking, "no you douche" I said putting on my bra. "So you just get dressed in front of everyone or just me" he said watching me, "well I figure if you didn't want to look you'd close your eyes" I said grabbing a shirt and putting it on. "So I have a confession" he said "what" I said while struggling to put on my tight pants, "I don't love Sarah" he said straight up. "Anyway I have to go see you in 2nd class if you even show" he said hugging me and walking out the door. I was walking to school when I saw a huge crowd at the park all yelling, so I walked over. "Get up you fucking dork" I heard Nathan say, I pushed my way through the crowd just in time to see Nathan hit Calum square in the jaw, I instantly ran to Calum, "are you okay" I said grabbing the sides of his face. "Yeah I'm good, but I'll be better when I kick his ass" Calum said before standing up and making sure I was well out of the way, he walked up to Nathan and hit him once in the jaw, then in the stomach, and then in the nose, before finally delivering the knock out punch to the chin. Nathan dropped to the ground and the crowd dispersed, "Calum are you sure your all right" I said lightly touching the cut on his face, "I'm fine princess" he said smiling. I hugged him, I could hear his heartbeat, for some reason it calmed me down, "come on before we're late" he said walking to the school, "actually I think I'm gonna skip until lunch" I said turning the other way, "but you can't just skip" he said turning around and looking at me, "watch me" I said walking away.