
"Where are we going" I asked while Michael was basically dragging me behind him, "it's a surprise" he said with his eyes sparkling. "Well I don't like surprises" I said trying to stop walking, "you will this one I promise" he said turning around. "Pinky promise" I said holding out my pinky, "to the stars" he said pinky promising and then raising it to the sky as I did the same. "Okay" I said as he started to walk again, "wait I almost forgot" he said stopping and almost making me fall. "What" I said stopping, "you have to wear this" he said pulling out an eye cover, "Michael you know I-" I started, "trust me dessy, I won't let you get hurt" he said smiling, "okay you dweeb" I said. He covered my eyes and tied it behind my head, then I face planted into his car, "Michael. Your making it pretty hard to trust you" I said laughing, "sorry" he said opening the door and shoving me in the car. "Your making this look like a kidnapping" I said, "well your not a kid" he said starting the car "so technically it would be teennapping". "Michael I hate when your right" I said leaning back on the seat, I heard some movement behind me so I just figured it was Luke. "Hey there punk rock princess" a familiar voice said in my ear, "hi Calum" I said laughing, "you know you have an adorable giggle" he said, "I do not giggle" I said crossing my arms, "yes you do" he said and I could hear the smirk. "Michael can I take this off yet" I asked, "no not yet we aren't there" he said turning sharply to the left causing me to slam into the door, "we aren't wear yet" I asked, "you'll know when we're there" he said laughing. "Besides you look cute blindfolded" Calum said, "and you look cute shutting up" I said turning around and sticking my tongue out, "hey keep doing that and our tongues might get friendly" he said, "woah there Calum. Back off, she just broke a guy we don't need that happening to our little puppy do we Luke" Michael said. "No" Luke said softly, "hi Luke" I said, "hey des" he said back. "We're here" he said excitedly, Calum untied the eye cover and as soon as I opened my eyes my mouth fell open. "Oh my god Michael!" I said looking at where we were. I leaned over and hugged him I could never thank him enough