
I got home and went straight to my room, I was watching sponge bob, yes spongebob. When there my door was opened, "desi can we talk" Nathan said walking in and sitting down on the bed, "no" I said sitting up more. "Please. Look I love you and I can't let you go like this" he said putting his head in his hands, "no, I'll get your stuff and you can fuck off" I said getting up and going to my dresser to get some pants, "well at least I get to see you with no pants one last time" he said smirking, "shut the hell up" I said putting on my pants. I went to the closet and started pulling out of all the shirts of his I had out and tossing them on the bed near him, "destiny, I need you" he said picking them up "oh well. Shouldn't have bullied Calum." I said, "oh so that's what this is about" he said looking at me, "what the hell do you mean" I said looking at him. "You and Calum. I knew you would be all about him" he said looking out the window, "I'm not. I don't even know his last name" I said looking at his varsity jacket hanging there, "keep it" he said, "and this" he said dropping the shirt he knew was my favourite. "But just all I ask is to hug you one last time" he said with tears in his eyes, "make it quick" I said, he walked up to me and his lips crashed into mine, I didn't kiss him back. He slowly backed away and said "still you feel nothing for me" he said with his tears returning, "no" I said turning to the closet, I grabbed his jacket and all of the shirts, including my favourite. I shoved them in his arm, "desi no" he said, "goodbye Nathan" I said as I shoved him out the door. I walked to my window and I watched him walk to his car, open the door and throw all the shirts and jacket in, he opened his door and got it, and I caught a glimpse of blonde hair, "hmm just like him to have a skag waiting in the car" I said to myself. "Dessy don't talk to yourself" someone said, "Michael how the hell did you get in my room" I said laughing, "umm doesn't matter" he said sitting up from my bed, "let's go somewhere" he said. "Why" I said sitting down, "because it'll be fun" he said smirking, "whatever you say" I said looking at his cheeky smile.