
"Desi this way" Taylor called out from the lunch table, "hey babe" Nathan said walking up and kissing my cheek as he sat down. "Nathan we need to talk" I said looking at him "oh my god you can see the fear in his eyes" Taylor blurted out, I looked at her rudely, "sorry" she said starting to drink her smoothie and look away. "Anyway we really need to talk" I said turning to face him, "about what" he said putting his phone face down on the table, how he tells me I've got his full attention. "I hear you've been bullying someone" I said looking around to find where Michael was sitting, "no one important" he said leaning back clearly uninterested. "Nathan! I will not have my boyfriend doing that" I said looking at Taylor, "oh hey there's Andrew" she said getting up, "well he's no one important" Nathan said picking up his phone, "well I can't be with you knowing you have the audacity to treat someone that way" I said starting to get up, he reached up and grabbed my wrist pretty hard, but I was used to it, "Nathan let go, we're over" I said looking at him, "it's not over until I say it is princess" he said tightening his grip to the point where I couldn't feel my hand, "you lost all rights to call me that. And I'm not a princess" I said making sure he could hear the chill in my voice. I saw a shadow show on the table "I believe she said let go mate" a voice I couldn't place said, "mind your own business or I'll make you" Nathan said, "oh id like to see that" the voice said again. "Your not worth scratching my face over, I never loved you and your lousy at everything. Bye slut" Nathan said as he gripped my wrist tightly before he let go and slammed it on the table, "goodbye Nathan" I said before he walked away. "Are you alright" I turned around to see the prettiest pair of big brown eyes I've ever seen belonging to the cute dark headed boy Michael had been hanging out with. "I'm Calum" he said looking at me, "destiny" I said still staring at his eyes, "I know-" he started "I mean I hear Michael talk about you a lot" he said laughing and putting his arm on the back of his neck. "This may be odd but Michael said you give the best hugs so can I" he said looking at me sheepishly "have one" "awe of course" I said hugging him, when I hugged him he whispered "and you said you weren't a princess, I think you are, just a punk rock one" he whispered.