
"You ready" I said looking at Ashton while we sat in Calum's car in the parking lot. "As I'll ever be" he said smiling, "here we go" I said getting out and closing the door, "so what are you good at" I asked him walking to the door, "I can play the drums and that's about it" he said smiling, "wait you can play the drums?" I asked looking at him. Michael had been wanting to start a band forever and he said he needed a drummer since Calum plays base, oh wow I hear base players can really use their fingers. "Yeah" he said opening the door and breaking my thought, "well I know how you'll fit in" I said walking with him to the office, his third class was art, just like mine and Luke's, we skipped it so we could find his locker. "Your lockers right next to Michael" I said smiling and opening michaels, "who" he said confused, "oh. Right you haven't met him yet" I said laughing, just as I said it the bell rang, "your about to, come on lunch time" I said walking in the direction of the food court. After Ashton got his food we went and sat down where I normally sit, Taylor was the first to join us, "who's the eye candy" she said eyeing Ashton, "I'm Ashton" he said clearly unimpressed, "well you should be mine" she said taking a sip of her drink, "I have a girlfriend" he said laughing, "so" she said looking at him. "Hey babe" Andrew said sitting down beside Taylor, "Ashton this is my boy Andrew" she said hugging him, "hi" Ashton said shaking his hand, "hey guys" Luke said sitting down, "Luke this is Ashton" I said pointing to him, "hey" Luke said smiling. "Hey" Michael said sitting down, there was a hole in his shirt, "holy shirt much, shouldn't you be in church" Andrew said smiling, "oh shut up. I dumped Sarah and she ripped it" he said looking down, "I found you a drummer" I said looking at him, "really" he said smiling, "Ashton" I said pointing to him. "Your coming over after school and we'll see what you've got" Michael said smiling, "alright" Ashton said going back to eating. "Have you guys seen Calum" I said looking around, "he was by his locker" Luke said texting, "thanks" I said getting up and walking out. I walked to Calum's locker but stopped when I saw two people making out, it was Sarah, and she had some dark headed boy pushed to the wall, and who would it be, but Calum. "I fucking hate you" I yelled at him as I turned around and ran down the hallway, "princess wait" he yelled as he ran to catch up with me, "don't call me that" I said as I threw his keys at him and stormed out the door.