
TRIGGER WARNING. If you think your might or have ever, or still do self harm, you might want to skip this chapter.
"I'm so fucking stupid" I said sitting down on my bed, "why are you home so early" my mum yelled from her room, "just grabbing some stuff" I yelled back looking around. My eyes came to rest on a small box sitting on the floor in my closet, "no" I said to my self aloud. The next thing I knew I was walking over to the box, I picked it up, I knew what was inside, relapse. "Can you hurry the hell up and get your stuff" myMum yelled banging on my door, "I spilled something on me, I have to shower" I said looking at the box in my hands, "well hurry the hell up I have to know your around enough" she yelled sounding annoyed, "sorry I'm such a burden" I said slowly opening the box, "your more than a burden. Your a mistake" she said leaving the house and slamming the door. Inside the box was exactly the same as it was when I was strong six weeks ago and I closed it for I thought the last time, then my phone went off, "ha you trusted someone, shows how stupid you are. He could never like a whore like you. Close your legs for once 😂 -Sarah". That was it. I couldn't take it anymore, "it's only 12 days of long sleeves" I said aloud to myself while grabbing the one thing in life I didn't need. I grabbed a long sleeve crop top that said "fuck off" so Michael wouldn't think I did anything, then I stepped into the shower. "Mistake: one. Whore: two. Never love you: three. Never cared: four. Trusted the wrong person: five, six, seven" I stopped counting out loud and just kept going. I watched my blood run down the the drain with the water, it was more than before but I didn't care, I held my arm under the water until it stopped, then I got out. 78. There were 78. Only about 20 were deep enough to count on my scale but 20 wasn't bad, I normally did 30. I poured alcohol on it, and I relished the pain it brought. I got dressed and went to go meet shelby since she would be getting out of school soon. "Hey" I said as she stepped outside of the school, "how was it" I said smiling at her, "it was great" she said smiling, "good" I said smiling and turning to walk back home. "Hey wait up" Michael said jogging up beside me, "your coming to see Ashton right" he said stopping in front of me, "I don't know" I said looking at him, "please" he said grabbing my arm. I guess I made a face because of his response, "what did you do" he said hugging me, "nothing, I just hit it on a dresser" I said smiling at him, "then let me see" he said looking worried, "no" I said walking away. "Luke" Michael yelled, "code 30" Michael said stopping me from walking anymore, "Desi no" Luke said walking over, "don't worry about me" I said pushing past them, "what's going on" Calum said walking up, "like you care" I said turning and walking home fast.