
"Michael. I love you so much" I said hugging him, "it was Calum's idea" Michael said hugging me back. "Really" I said looking at Calum, "I saw a video of what happened between you and Nathan  so I thought this would help" he said smiling. "Thanks Calum" I said smiling at him, "are we gonna sit here all day or are we gonna go in" Luke said clearly annoyed, "yeah let's go in" Calum said opening his door. I opened my door and got out, holy shit it was cold, "are you cold" Michael said coming around to the side of the car where I was, "no but thanks mikey" I said smiling at him. "Ready princess" Calum said starting to walk, "I'm not a princess" I said crossing my arms, I ran up beside him "but for you I would be" I whispered in his ear before walking back to talk to Michael. "So I see your pretty partial to Calum" he said, "no, why would I be" I said, "I think it's cute" Michael said giggling, "I don't like calum" I said starting to walk faster than him, "sure you don't" he said smiling. "Come on guys" Calum said holing the door. I should probably tell you where we are. Well we're at a concert. And a concert for who. ALL TIME LOW! How they got tickets I don't know, "hey you should sit with me" Calum said from behind me, "sure" I said. Me and Calum ended up with the best seats, on the floor where you stand, ironically. Michael sat with Sarah his longterm girlfriend in section F, and Luke was with his brother in section G. The band started, oh my fucking god I love all time low. Through most of the songs I stood with Calum behind me and he sang them right in my ear, oh god that boy can sing! Then they sang 'Dear Maria Count Me In' and at the same time me and Calum looked at each other and said "THIS IS MY FAVOURITE SONG!" He literally sang it right in my ear and then he grabbed my hands and I leaned back on him, "I hope I made you happy princess" he said, "Calum you made me really happy, keep this up  and I'll be anything you want" I said turning around to look at him. "I bet you say that to all the guys who buy you concert tickets" he said smiling. A few hours later I was at home in my bed, when there was a knock at my window, I got up and opened it "hi princess" Calum said climbing in and then falling ungracefully on his ass. "Shush" I said helping him up, "why are you here" I asked looking at him, "to see you" he said smiling, "awe" I said sitting down. "We should cuddle and watch finding nemo" he said looking at me with those beautiful eyes, "oh my god yes" I said grabbing my remote.