
"Take me with you" Calum said running up beside me, "but your a good kid" I said stopping walking. "Well maybe you can change that" he said smirking, "come on let's go to school" I said turning around and starting to walk to the school. "See princess I'll change you yet" he said as he came up beside me, "no you won't" I said starting to walk faster. I walked in before him "omg desi your actually on time" Taylor said as I walked up to my locker, "shut up" I said grabbing my first class book for probably the third time this year. I had English. I walked in and saw Calum, I sat down beside him, "wow you actually showed" he said smiling, "yeah. No fault of yours" I said leaning back in my chair. "Nice of you to join us for once" Mrs. Waters said walking past mine and Calum's table. "What happened to your face" my old bestfreind Anne asked Calum, "I was fighting this morning" he said trying not to look at her. "Awe I'll take care of you" she said touching his face, I got up and stomped out of class and then straight out of school. Fuck Calum he can have that whore. I was sitting on a swing at the park, the same swing I always sat in when I got mad. "Destiny" I heard Calum say, "go away" I said looking away from him, "no. We need to talk" he said stopping my swing from swinging. "What the hell is there to talk about. I don't take kindly to guys calling me princess which I fucking hate by the way your the only one I ever let and then seeing a whore all over them." I said looking at his eyes, "no destiny you don't understand, I don't like her, and I do feel special about calling your princess, I told her to leave me alone and I tried to go after you but Mrs. Waters wouldn't let me out so I waited until the bell and I bailed" he said sitting in the swing beside me. "Okay" I said getting up and starting to walk back to the school. "So you believe me right princess" Calum said walking up beside me, "yeah" I said looking at him, "okay. I'll see you at lunch" he said walking in the school. I walked to art and sat beside Luke, again. "So what's up your ass" I said sitting beside him, "DESTINY WATCH YOUR MOUTH THATS DETENTION" Mr. Lavarasky yelled, "wow thanks" I said rolling my eyes and leaning back. Then it was lunch, "desi sit over here" Taylor called out, I found her at a table with Michael, Luke, Calum, and Andrew. "Hi guys" I said sitting down beside Michael, "hey" he said smiling, "so desi" Taylor said looking at me and smiling, "what" I said looking at her, "so Calum made you come on time today" she said staring at him, "what no" I said looking at her. "Sure he didn't" she said smiling, "seems good that someone can tame you down" she said giggling, "I'm not changing for anyone" I said just as my phone rang. "I'll be back" I said getting up, "hello" I said answering, "hey desi, it's Shelby" said the voice, "oh hey. What's up" I said looking at calum, "you remember when you said if I ever needed anything you'd help me" she said, "of course" I said watching Calum eat, "well can I come stay with you" she asked sounding scared, "of course you can" I said making eye contact with Calum he smiled. "Okay can I bring Nathan" she asked, "sure, when are you coming" I asked still looking at Calum, "actually I'm on a plane, I'll be there at 8" she said nervously, "sounds great. Which airport" I asked waving at Calum, "Sydney international" she said, "okay I'll be there" I said ready to get back toThe table, "thank god I illegally called you from the bathroom" she said laughing, "haha bye shelby" I said hanging up and walking to the table. "So what's up" Calum said looking at me, "nothing just my cousins coming to stay with me for a bit" I said looking at him, "oh okay" he said looking back at his food, "wanna ride with me later" I asked looking at him, "who" he said looking up, "you" I said laughing, "sure princess" he said smiling. After lunch Taylor walked up to me, "and you say you aren't changing for him" she said before walking away laughing. Damn I hate when she's right.