
"So. I hear you guys are a couple" Michaels mom said looking from me to Calum, "yeah" he said giggling and looking down, he was so cute when he did that. My phone started ringing, "be right back" I said getting up and answering it, "what" I said making sure she could hear the annoyance in my voice, "have you seen Nathan" shelby said slightly panicky, "he's not at Calum's" I asked looking over at Calum watching me, "no" she said about to cry, "alright calm down" I said running my fingers along the bottom of a picture frame. "How can I calm down?" She said yelling "the love of my life is fucking missing. Have you seen him. He could be hurt. Anything", "and we're gonna find him. Chill" I said leaning back on the wall, "what's wrong" Calum mouthed from the table, I shook my head no and walked down the hallway a bit more, I was standing looking out the door when shelby started up again, "he could be anywhere. Do you know how small he is. For fucks sake I protect that boy." "Okay okay calm down, we're going to find him" I said again, then I felt two arms wrap around me and Calum say "what's up princess" right in my ear, "look I'll leave and help you come look. Where are you" I said as I turned around to see a very puzzled Calum, "I'm at Calum's" she said about to break, "okay" I said squishing Calum's adorable face and watching him slowly swat at my hand and smile. I hung up and said "well we have to go" "where" he said smiling, "your house" I said putting my phone in my pocket, "why" he said smirking, "to help shelbs find Nathan you pervert" I said smiling. He hugged me, "oh just wait. I'll get you soon enough" he said smirking and letting his hands fall way to low, I smacked his upper arm and laughed. "What was that about" Michael said as I sat back down, "shelbs freaking" I said taking a bite of pizza, "then shouldn't you be leaving" Ashton said laughing, "hmm pizza" I said raising one hand high, "highly distraught cousin" I said barely raising the other, "pizza" I said taking another bite. "Eat this" Ashton said holding up a jalapeño, "you eat it whimp" I said smiling at him, "no. They're nasty" he said holding it out, "fine" I said taking it and eating it. "Wow" he said smirking, "God damn that's hot" I said fanning my mouth, "that's because I coated it in hot sauce" Michael said laughing, I took off the flannel I had over my crop top, "damn desi why don't you just wear that more" Luke said smirking, "Luke" I said laughing, "watch it mate. She's mine" Calum said coming up behind me, "for now" Luke said winking at me, I looked down and lowered my head, "Luke I swear to god I'll rip your fucking nuts off. Back the hell off" Calum said putting his hands on my shoulders. "Alright. Chill mate" Luke said smiling, "your way hotter" he said laughing and winking at Calum. "Princess don't we have to go" Calum said "yeah we do" I said hurriedly eating my pizza, "well hurry up" he said whining and laying his head on mine, "alright alright babe I'm coming" I said standing up and looking at him, he smiled super big, "babe?" He said smiling, "problem with it" I said looking at him, "nope" he said smiling. "Bye guys" I said waving at them, "bye" Michael said grinning, "later delum" Ashton said walking past us and laughing. "I love you" Calum said as we got in his car, "your an idiot" I said looking at him and smiling. He started up his car and started backing out, when he got out on the regular road he grabbed my hand and pressed it to his lips, "don't be so cliche" I said laughing and pulling my hand away.