
"There's a monster hiding in the mirror,
when I lean in close he comes nearer,
he looks deep into my eyes and sees the fear
"hush baby hush baby", he whispers
"you're the only one who knows i'm here"

Dearest Noel,
I couldn't help her Noel, I couldn't save her from him, the monster.
I couldn't save mom from him, i'm such a failure Noel. He kept screaming, yelling, hitting her and she couldn't help herself.
She was already in pain, she was sick, but he still hurt her. I tried to stop him Noel, I pushed him, he punched me, slapped me, kicked me to the ground. I couldn't save mom. I couldn't do anything. My head was pounding and my vision was blurred. All I could hear were her helpless screams and cries of pain. All i could feel were the helpless tears running down my face.
I am so weak, Noel!
She was bleeding and she got sicker.
She began yelling at me too!
She said i'm the reason for all this, I'm the reason for her pain, I'm the reason she's living in this hell, and I'm the reason nothing is right. My own mother! My own mother said I am a burden, mistake and if it weren't for me she would have made it out.
She would have made it out a long time ago, but because of me Noel, she had to stay...
She had to stay with the monster, for me...
How noel?
How am i supposed to live with that?!
It hurts so much, Noel, I broke down, I couldn't stop myself.
The voices wouldn't go away. They kept whispering in my ear; "you're worthless", "you're useless", "you deserve the pain"
I was tired of crying. They were right, I deserved the pain. I deserved every ounce of pain that I had got. I was the real monster here.
Not dad, Not mom. I was the monster. the perfect destroyer of me... And I deserved everything.
But the pain didn't last long, Noel. Everything slowed down, everything was on pause in the moment. That moment when the shiny, smooth metal slit parted my skin, everything was okay again.
There was no more pain...
I was numb...
It was the only relief.
I watched as the crimson red run down my thighs staining my white bedsheets. I didn't even care. I loved the relief so much. It felt so damn good, Noel. A smile grazed my lips as the warm blood trickled down and in that moment nothing mattered anymore. It was only my blade and I. Everything was just a blur.
I felt at ease...
...numb...
...numb...


