
dearest noel,
it's 3 a.m in the morning on a friday night and here i am sitting in the room, staring out the window at the stars.
there's a deafening silence. i could hear my heartbeat sounding off the walls of this enclosed hell.
suddenly somehow sad music isn't sad enough anymore. i've turned into this numb, cold shell. it's like i'm a dead soul, noel.
i feel nothing.
just emptiness and numbness.
mom is laying on the hospital bed helpless and lifeless.
the doctors said she's in the coma and they're not sure when exactly she's going to recover.
they're not sure what the cause is yet, noel.
how do you expect me to do such a thing, do this life without the two people in my life who are my rock?
I already lost you and now I'm losing her.
i can't do this thing called life anymore, not without you. do you remember those nights when i couldn't sleep, you'd sneak out from your room? and you'd come meet me and we'd sit on the rooftop? and mom would somehow know we were up there and she'd come down and bring us some coffee? and you on the other hand always carried some skittles in your back pocket
we'd sit on the rooftop with some coffee and skittles. though i always found that to be an odd combination, you loved it. and if you did, i did.
and we'd sit up there and giggle till we couldn't anymore. we'd make out every constellation in the sky. we'd cuddle into each others arms. i felt so safe, secure and invincible when we were together.
we talked and talked till the sun rose and the birds began to chirp once again. we never stopped talking. we could go on for hours and hours and we'd never get tired.
i know there will never be anyone else in this lifetime, noel.
everyday i'd have to live with what happened. every flashback. every memory. every moment of happiness and joy. every laugh. every smile.
you will forever have left that permanent scar on my heart. nobody can never replace you noel.
so tonight once again, i go to bed with tear-stained cheeks and a broken heart.
i'll join you soon in paradise, noel.
soon.
soon.