
"Some people come into your life and you just know you will never be able
to replace them"

Dearest Noel,
It only seemed like yesterday, Noel, the first time we met. I can remember every single detail so vividly in my head. I was only five years old, bright eyes, playful laugh, deep dimples and a joyful smile. I remember the autumn gushes, chilling the air and blowing the clouds and the trees.
I remember how the leaves blew away, in a final flight they danced, beautiful yet dead...
Crisp golden leaves lay like a blanket on the forest floor, startled birds shot from the empty branches like a bullet, as twigs snapped and leaves crunched under my feet.
The sun hung low in the sky, its rays shining through the last few hanging leaves, illuminating the auburn, yellow and orange veins that ran through them. Mommy brought me to the park and I was seated under my favourite tree, right beside the lake.
I remember the leather jacket I wore and my two pigtails, I remember how I held the thin, white string so tightly in my tiny palms but I wasn't strong enough for the wind took it away from my hold.
I remember tugging on my mommy's jacket for I wanted my precious gem back. It was colorful, full of light, happiness. It brought me joy and yet it was only a balloon...
But not just from anyone...
It was my last present from my sister.
I remember the tears filling up my tiny, beady eyes as i watched the balloon float away effortlessly in the wind. I remember mommy's vain efforts, I remember burying my head into her satin jacket and sobbing uncontrollably.
but then...
I also remember you Noel. I remember your gentle, warm touch on my shoulder. I remember your beautiful, gleaming baby-blue eyes. I remember the way it lit up, filled with millions of stars, I remember your adorable, lop-sided smile and curly, brown locks falling into your eyes, I remember the way you pulled your hand from behind your back and handed me the thin, white string.
The way you smiled wide, giggled and softly said: "I tried getting it back for you but the wind was stronger than I was, you can have mine." and there you handed me your balloon, completely dark, only a drawn on smiley face done in white.
and I remember the way my eyes lit up and I giggled.
I knew it would never replace my sister's own but it did help my tears subside.
I remember the way I slowly gripped onto the string tightly and touched your warm, soft hand.
I remember the way we both flickered our gaze to meet each other.
I remember the way our faces morphed into silly grins and we giggled effortlessly.
And i may have been too young to know but in that moment, in that one moment, I met my best-friend. I met the one  person i'd always love no matter what. The one person who I will always choose. The one person who I would never give up on. The one person who suddenly comes into your life and changes everything...
The one person who is your soulmate...
that was you noel...
...that is you, noel...


