
Another day at Death Weapon Meister Academy finished. Everyone started to walk home and socialize, not really aware if what was going on around them. Maka walked out with Soul, she was on a rush to get home and study, there was no time for socializing! Well, for Maka that is. Black*Star and Tsubaki both headed home as well, but they talked about how cool and awesome Black*Star was, like always. Then came Liz and Patty, but wait a minute, where was Kid?! "Kid! Kid!" Patty yelled running around. Little did they know, he was actually still in the building.
Crona was as well, but not in the same place Kid was. Kid was actually looking for Crona, even though she was wandering the hallways. As Kid was practically panting, running around the school, he bumped into someone, causing him to fall. Crona felt someone bump into her and she fell as well. She then sat up and saw that Kid was there. "I-I'm sorry! I-I didn't mean to bump into-" she was then interrupted.
"You pansy! Quit apologizing!" Ragnarok yelled and started pounding on Crona's head. "Ow Ragnarok stop it!" Crona cried, she hated when he got involved in stupid little things. Kid sat up and helped Crona up, also getting Ragnarok to stop bothering her as well. "Are you alright Crona?" He asked. Crona looked at Kid nervously, she had no idea how to deal with this. "Y-yeah. I-I'm okay Kid.." She said shyly, like always.
"Okay, just making sure. And also, my father called us both for a mission. Do you have an idea what it might be abo-" Kid paused. He sensed something in the school, close to where him and Crona were standing. Wait.... Was this madness?! No, it couldn't be! Crona saw that Kid looked a bit nervous and tapped his shoulder. "K-kid are you alright?.. Y-you seem... Nervous.." Kid looked at Crona and his nervous expression vanished, as if someone slapped that expression off of his face, he didn't want Crona to worry about him. "Yeah, I'm fine. Anyways, we should go to see my father now." He said. "Y-yeah.. We should." Crona said shyly. Then after a few minutes of walking around the school, they finally find Lord Death.