
"Tick-tock Mr Bray." Jaede Novembre Cassia, the official Head Gamemaker for the 145th Hunger Games, threw her head back to look at her assistant - Wendelle Bray."Yes ma'am, coming." The young man hurried to put away his paperwork, forgetting their importance as the overwhelming significance of this day passed before him, he thrust them into his satchel, crinkling the vast majority of them all."I've been waiting." Jaede cooed, claws dragging along the surface of her deep mahogany desk to emphasize on her cruel character. Mr Bray understood, and came dashing as quickly as he could to her side, kneeling by her chair and offering up his services to her majesty, the Gamemaker."Thank you Wendelle." She smoothed over his head of naturally blonde hair, tinted with a skyblue hue, his defining mark which distinguished him as a Capitol citizen. While here it was customary to adorn yourself with some sort of flashy, colorful style which defined your personality, the rest of the world remained grey and lifeless -- peasants in the eyes of these upper-class people.
Jaede gracefully swept the TV remote out of Wendelle's hand, flipping on her usual channel before delving once again into her work. She let the news play and only listened to the charismatic voice of Ceasar Flickerman, their host. Her eyes scanned through file after file, her ears picking up the sounds from behind her. Gently a smile crept onto her lips, when Ceasar's words began to illustrate a subject which she quite fancied. The annual Hunger Games event was coming up, she wanted to revel in that. This year she managed to secure the position of Head Gamemaker -- the most coveted position of all in the world of Gamemakers. Every year hundreds audition for the spot, and every year the President hand-picks only one of them to run his show. He must decide on only the most ruthless, and cunning. Only they could possibly bring a thrilling twist to each new game, to each new year. In this cutthroat business only those who wielded blades with honor could afford to step foot inside, and fill the shoes of their predecessor.
"Turn it up, Mr Bray." Jaede commanded, a reward for her request presenting itself almost immediately. She continued to smile and to even chuckle at the mentions Caesar made to her certain finess - that thing in her which gave everyone a feeling of excitement for this year. "Wendelle, bring me all the paperwork on our tributes. Now." Mr Bray hurried through his desk, pulling out twenty-four files for Jaede to look over."Thank you, Mr Bray." Jaede spoke as she eyed the pile that was sat down on her desktop. It was a lot to sort through, but totally worth it. If Jaede could get inside these tribute's heads before they even saw a glimpse of the Capitol, she should have her first twist idea within the hour it took for the first ones to arrive.
¤ ¤ ¤ ¤ ¤ ¤ ¤
:Reservations:
Assistant Gamemaker: Daedalus Roux by RebellionAuthor
Sponsor #1: Despina Murilegus by unobtrusive-
Sponsor #2: Silver Stradivarius by AwesoMEbeing_
Sponsor #3: Cassiopeia Daring by -LovelyButterfly-
Sponsor #4: Erectica Lolli by burn_with_us463
Sponsor #5: Alessa Katsaros by mockingjayspartan
(extra) Sponsor #6:
¤ ¤
The limitations for how many tributes you can sign up for is two.
District One Male: Daschel Bayne by MockingjayGirl100
District One Female: Zelie Stevens by XxTheTributexX
District Two Male: Bryan Warside by Natsumi_Akiyama