
BEEP..BEEP..BEEP
'ughhhh i dont wanna go to school' Kacey mumbled to herself
(Kacey mom=KM btw)
KM-KACEYYY HURRY UP!!!!
K- OK!!
(Kacey takes a quick shower dresses in all black and goes downstairs)
KM- are u ready to go honey
K-ig so
KM-whats wrong kacey
K-mom do i have to go to public school why cant i just be homeschooled?
KM-because i work during the days and if i leave you hear by yourself anythi g could happen to u and i dont want to loose u
K-ok
(They leave the house and drives to kacey school)
AT SCHOOL
KM-have a great day kacey (kisses her forehead)
K-ok bye mom (waves goodbye)
Kaceys thoughts'sigh... another day in hell lets see whats gonna happen'
As kacey is walking to her locker people began to stare not the good stare the 'why are you here your not wanted here' stare..
Kacey continued to walk until she got to her locker. When she wasat her locker there were notes all on her locker. There were notes that said 'kill yourself... your not wanted..... your stupid ugly and fat..... freak' kaceys eyes filled with tears as she read the notes posted on her locker. After she put her stuff in  her locker she walked to class. As she walked in class a girl came behind her and tripped her and the class started laughing at her
The girl-little bitch thats what u get for being in my way
Kacey had tears streaming down her face. Kacey got up and went to the back of the class and sat by herself and cried silently to herself until class was over..
SKIPPING TO LUNCH>>>>>>>
As kacey gets her lunch she sits by herself and out of nowhere somebody comes up and pours food all over her hair.
The girls-oops let me help you (splashes juice in her face and they laugh)
Kacey runs out of the cafeteria and she goes into the bathroom and cries. She began to clean herself up and she walks to her locker and gets a long black shirt and some black skinny jeans abd goes in the bathroom and changes and heads to class.
The rest of the day passes by and she gets ready to leave to go home. When kacey walks in her house she goes to her room and cuts herself with a razor blade until her leg is covered in blood. Then she showers and cries herself to sleep.
Poor kacey.... :'(.. what would u do in a situation like this would u help her???