
Azelyn P.O.V
I was awaken by alarm. I picked it up and threw it across my room. I got comfortable back under my zebra bed sheets, I layed my head on my soft blue pillow and went back to sleep. I slept for another good 30 minutes untill my phone went off. I grabbed it and answered the call.
(M-me JJ- Jack J JG- Jack Gilinsky Ma- Mahogany A- Aaron)
M- hello?JJ- OMG ITS AZELYN SPENCER!M- Shut up Jack.JG- NoM- You shut up to Gilinsky. Ma- Is that Azelyn?JJ- Ya. The famous Azelyn has decided to talk to us again.M- I'm not famous and I always text you Jack.A- You don't text me *fakes crying in background*M- Sorry but I get busy and only text people who text me first.JG- See she's too good for us.I roll my eyes. Ma- Shut up guys! So when are you getting on the plane to go to Los Angeles?M- I'm actually gonna eat, get dressed, probably get starbucks then get on the plane.JJ- Basic white chick!M- Jack stop being a bully. A- I'm not a bully.Ma- Guys! Stop changing the subject. Anyways, we are heading there soon. I can't wait to see you!M- I know I haven't seen you since Elementary school! It's been so long. What do you look like again LOX?Ma- I think you remember the sexy LOXI laughed. M- I'll see ya guys.
I hung up and went to my closet. I wore a floral tube top, black skater shirt, and mint green vans. I put my long dirty blonde hair into a fishtail braid. I stuffed my phone charger into my sutcase and my iphone into my skirt. I took my suitcases downstairs. See I was moving their from my small apartment. I took my stuff to my taxi and went to Starbucks. I got out and got a strawberry and creme frapachino. I then rode to the airport. I boarded the airplane and sat by a little kid. I put my earbuds in and listened to Fifth Harmony. I woke up with the kid tapping me.
"Miss the plane is landing" he said.
"Thank you" I said smiling to him.
I got off the plane and waited for the guys & girls.
Jack Gilinsky P.O.V
I can't wait to see Azelyn again. I missed her and I still want her to be mine, but I know I have competition.
Matthew Espinosa P.O.V
All the guys & girls are excited to see Azelyn. I really still like her. But I know I have competition, like Jack G, Sammy, and Cameron.
Cameron Dallas P.O.V
I really miss Azelyn. I'm glad shes coming back, I may still have feelings for her but I'm not fighting for her.
Sammy Wilkinson P.O.V
I know I know. The guys miss Azelyn and they all love her. I just know I need her to be mine. She's probably flawless. I can't wait to see her.
One of them P.O.V
Azelyn returning will mean all the guys will want her and not me anymore and I can't let that happen. I still need to be the girl out of or group that all the boys love. So I have a plan to break up her and who ever she dates....