
" kylie wake up" my mom yelled
"kylie get up "she yelled again
" what Shannon" I asked rubbing my eyes
" it's Mom not Shannon" she said
"uh fine so what do you want "I  whined
"get up Thayer is here" she said
"tell him I'm sleeping" I said rolling over  and pulling the covers of my head
" fine " she mumbled stomping away then I smiled to myself then close my eyes then I felt someone come up behind me "mom go away" I yelled
" I'm not your mom" he said.
" Justin" I screamed pulling the covers off.
" When did you get back oh my god I missed you so much" I said pulling him into a tight hug
" I missed you too now get ready " he said pushing me to my closet then the nearest bathroom  I came out wearing skinny jeans and a band t shirt and grabbed my white supras
" are you ready" he asked
"yes" I said grabbing my phone then sliding it in my pocket.
"   Leggo"  he said motioning towards the door
"your such a dork" I said smiling
" where's Thayer " I  questioned as we got downstairs
" he had to  do something but he wouldn't tell me what so looks like its just us " he smiled
" park " I asked hopefully
" yes park " he said
OK I know I sounded like a kid but I'm only 16 and I love the park
"Kylie ?"  He said waving a hand in front of my face
" huh " i said
" do you wanna walk? " he asked
" uhh yeah "  I said  walking  with him
"so what do you wanna do first "  he asked
"Ice cream" I said   happily
"ok ice cream it is  but I'm paying" he said smiling.
" fine only this time next time I'm paying "  I said  running to the ice cream
"what ice cream would you two like" the ice cream man said
" 2 cotton candy ice cream  on a cone please "  I said.
" coming right up "  the ice cream man said handing me a cone then Justin
"thank you" i said handing him a five
"keep the change " I said. Walking away with Justin.
" told you I was paying " I  said to Justin.
"No fair " he said
" Where to next. " I said smiling
" swings " he yelled out licking his ice cream.
" we will swing and some stuff then I have to get back for my date " I said
" with who " he said finishing his ice cream
" I'm not telling " I said crossing my arms
"please " he pleaded
"tell me" he said tickling me
" no... Justin ..stop ... Tickling me .. Justin! " I screamed