
" nooo Justin's its too cold " I screamed. Trying to get out of his grip
" oh well " he said pulling me in with him
" its collllldddd " I screamed.
After a while I got used to the water and swam with Justin and swam over to the steps to sit
" what's up " he asked swimming over to me
" nothing just tired " I lied
Truth is the boys have been staring at me for the past few minutes and I hope Justin doesn't notice I mean we just made up and they are his best friends I don't want to ruin that
Then christian and that other guy got in the pool
" what's up Kylie " Christian asked me
" nothing " I said looking at my hands then christian pushed my chin up with his thumb
"You so beautiful so if its Justin don't worry " he grinned
" thanks " I smiled
" your welcome " he said still holding my chin up and staring into my eyes
" can I tell you something " he asked
" sure" i said
" I like you and if you weren't with Justin I would have kissed you right here " he said
" christian " I said scolded silently so I wouldn't draw attention and got out the pool and walked in the kitchen
I went over to the fruit bowl and grabbed an apple and took a bite out of it
Then the other. Guy came in
" hey I'm Alex by the way " he said smiling
" Kylie " I stated.
" I know " he said
Then he walked closer to me and pushed me against the wall and I went to scream and he covered my mouth
" shh don't speak " he said rubbing my face
Then I started to cry justin was. Right out there but I couldn't run or scream. He had me pinned with a tight grip on my mouth and waist
" don't scream ok " he said
I nodded and he slowly uncovered my mouth and I tried to scream but he covered my mouth with one hand and smacked me with the other
" you tell Justin and I'll kill you ok " he threaten then he slid his hand from my cheek down to my hips and pulled me closer I started to cry even more and then he started kissing me and I tried to pull away but he had me pinned and I tried to break free then I heard someone gasp and run off.
...................................................................................................................................................
Justin POV
I walked in the kitchen I saw Kylie walk in there then Alex but I just walked in noticed him kissing her and she wasn't doing anything. She cheated on me. I thought then felt a warm tear roll down my face I never cry I thought walking up to my room. It hurts I really loved her I thought crying even harder and sliding down my door and burying my head in my knees
I Loved Her and she broke my heart.
But I need to get myself together I thought wiping my tears
I thought she loved me