
...................................................................................................................................................
Kylie POV
" now. Don't tell anyone what just happened okay" he threatened
" ok " I whimpered then he let me go and I ran to find Justin I needed him after what just happened
" have you guys seen Justin " I asked everyone
" no he went after. You and Alex but I haven't seen him since then " chaz said
" Justin " I yelled in the house
" go away " he yelled back
" no why would I do that " I questioned then I heard him cry through the door
" baby open the door ". I said sitting outside his door
" don't call me that " he said
" what why Justin let me in so we can talk about this " I pleaded
" fine " he said opening the. Door then pulled Justin into my arms I could see him cheeks were stained by tears and I hugged him and he pushed away
" what happened to us " I said with tears in my eyes
"Why don't you go ask Alex its seem y'all are really close now " he hissed
Which struck me like an arrow to the heart
" you don't know what happened " I said crying
" I saw everything he kissed you and you didn't push him away " he said raising his voice
" he threatened to hurt me Justin he had me pinned to the wall he had a hand over my mouth so I couldn't scream for you I felt so weak I couldn't save myself I couldn't yell for the one guy I wanted to save me " I said breaking down in tears
Then I saw the anger leave his eyes and it was Replaced with guilt and sadness and concern
" kylie baby I'm so sorry " he said
Pulling me close and holding me tight
I didn't push him away yeah I was mad at him for not listening but I can't blame him plus I feel safe in his arms
Then he kissed my forehead and I smiled
"I love you baby" he said
" I love you too" I said kissing him
When our faces came back to normal we walked down stairs hand and hand
" oh hey Justin. And kylie is it " Alex asked acting like he didn't know me
". Don't play dumb I know what you did to my girl " Justin growled clenching his fist
" she told you didn't she" Alex yelled
". She didn't have to. I saw it " he growled pushing me behide him
" touch her again I'll kill you got it " Justin threatened. But I knew Justin wasn't lying
" you will never be perfect to him trust me he will leave you for someone far more prettier " alex said to me
" don't talk to her that way. " Justin yelled
" make me " Alex said grinning then he whispered something to Justin and Justin tackled him and started beating the crap out of him
" chaz ' Ryan get in here " I yelled.