
"Justin stop following me around" I whined throwing a chip at him it landed on his shirt he grabbed and ate it
" baby please don't go " he yelled still following me and he got on one knee and pleaded then added puppy eyes
" Justin get off the floor and quit begging I'm leaving and that's final" I yelled at him then he pouted and I apologized then kissed his head which made him smile
" how about the three days your here I get to try to convince you to stay and at the end of the week you can decide ?" he offered I sighed again
" fine but no tricks" I said glaring at him and crossing my arms
" I love you Kylie Marie Braun " Justin screamed smirking
" Justin" I whined
" what babe ?" he smirked in a teasing manner
" screw you" I said crossing my arms
" well" he started to say but I hit him
" don't even think about it" I yelled the door opened and I turned in that direction
"What's going on in here? " Kenny said and I turned to see Pattie and the kids and other people
" can we talk?" someone whispered in my ear I turned around to face none other than Selena
" why are you here ?" I sighed pulling her away from everyone so i wouldn't end up fighting in front of Justin
" I heard you a jb broke up so maybe its time that he dates some tens times better " she smirked
" never in a million years would justin leave me for you" I hissed pushing her to the ground then walking back to the group and wrapping my arms around Justin and snuggling into his neck for comfort
" so does this mean we are still together? " Justin asked I could tell he was grinning
" it means she can't have you" I whispered and glared over at Selena who just walked in the room
" oh so its jealously" he cooed
"Me ..jealous of her.. never " I whispered
" so I can go talk to her " he teased knowing the answer but I just gave him a fake smile and nodded my head .
I released him and he walked to Selena but first looked back at me
Justin POV
" why are you here?" I asked her crossing my arms
" can we go somewhere private to talk? " Selena whispered I nodded and walked out the room behind her
" let's go up to your room so no one can hear our conversation unless you want your little girlfriend to know" Selena said signaling to upstairs then making her way upstairs I slowly followed behind and shut the door after we entered my room
" so our arrangement... does it still stand? " Selena asked
I thought for a moment then nooded then selena went to touch my face and I grabbed her wrist
" don't touch me " I hissed
" I do plenty of that already our arrangement remember " she smirked putting her hand on my chest I pushed it off
" get out " I said sternly looking at the door then back at her then I opened the door and my mouth dropped and I heard Selena's stupid laugh in the background
"Good luck " Selena smirked patting my chest and walking out the room I glared at her