
"  say you love me " I said tickling her
" I love   Justin Timberlake "  she yelled
" wrong justin baby girl" I said
"   whatever Channing Tatum is sexy doe " she whispered
"  what about me " I asked
" oh idk " she teased
"  tease much" I asked
" yes . .yes I do" she said
"   wanna marry me " I joked
" never " she said
" never say never kylie " I winked
" creep " she said walking to her moms room
" mom  this lost puppy is following me around can we keep him"  she said looking at me
" sure sweetie " she said laughing at our stupidity
" mom I'm prego " kylie joked
" what justin she's joking right "  her mom said flipping out
" yes  Im joking I'm  bored what else do you want me to do"  she said
"  you could go back to sleep"  her mom said
" nah "  kylie said
" wanna go to my place " I asked her
" yes " she screamed
" swimming or movie or we could go to my house"  I said giving her ideas
" your house  " she yelled smiling
" should have know you would say that "  I smirked
" let's go "  she said pulling me
"   ok miss bossy go get ready " I said twirling her  pushing towards her room
"  one last kiss " she smirked
"  yes now go " I said pecking her on the lips then sending her on her way
Kylie POV
I stripped out of my clothes then hopped in the shower
I washed my hair my hair face and body and turned the water off and grabbed two towel and wrapped one  around my body and one  in my hair  and stepped out and walked into my room.
Then I slid on the outfit I had laid out from earlier and slid it on
When justin walked in
" help me clean up in here " I said
" ok I'll go make my bed " he said turning around to leave, he had one hand on the door about to run out when I called out his name obviously annoyed.
"Why should I help its your job" he mumbled aggravated.
"Stop being such a lazy butt and just help me" I said glaring over at him, he walked up beside me eyeing my outfit up and down his eyes darkened at what he saw and was starting to make me uncomfortable.
" nice outfit you have on really sexy" I saw him smirki g out the corner of my eye.
"Oh my god how rude just get out!" I yelled pointing at the door, he looked at me like he had no idea what I was referring to. So that gave me an idea when he looked back at the door I took my chance and brought my knee up to his manhood, as soon as he crouched down I twisted his arm behind his back and lead him to my open door shoving him out. "Pervert!" And I slammed the door.