
"  see ya in a few " I said walking to my car

Kylie POV
I parked my car and  walk into my house  then walked upstairs to my room as usually my mom wasn't home probably with the girls again  .  I sighed then walked into my closet and grabbed everything I needed  and walked around my room putting what I needed in my bag  and then  walked downstairs
then I read the note on the counter ...
Gone out with the girls be back tomorrow  ~ love mom
OK so I sat the note down and  walked out the door I think I'll walk to Justin's its not that far besides I needed to lose a few pounds. What I can't help I think I'm fat im paranoid I can't help that?

Justin's POV
I decided to change real fast into my PJ so I'm comfortable then I hear a knock at the door and I go to answer it and see Kylie standing there
" did you walk? " I asked
" yeah but I'm.."  She started to say but I cut her off
" kylie  that dangerous its almost dark you could have gotten hurt or something.." I said  till she  cut me off " Justin I'm fine can I come in its kinda cold "  she  said  shivering
" oh yeah come on in  " i said  moving out of her way
" wanna watch a movie " she asked
" yes " I said
" what movie " I asked looking through the movies
"  Friday the 13th" she said
" you hate horror movies " I said putting in it
"  I have you for that  " she said cuddling into my side  I loved  this moment , I wish we could stay like this forever, should I tell her how I feel ? I questioned myself
" uh Kylie.. " I studdered but she cut me off by putting her finger over my lips
" shh the movies starting " she said cuddling into my side more
Man I was gonna tell her I liked her but she cut me off I guess I'll tell her at the end of the movie
We were watching the movie well she was, I was paying more attention to her, I was staring at her and I felt a smile creep across my face then she looked over and saw me staring and so she  looked away and blushed,then kept watching the movie.
Then I put my arm around her waist and pulled her closer to my body, I could feel her tense up
does she feel the way I do
She couldn't shes my best friend she couldn't possibly like me.... could she ? Did she just blush ? Then my phone went off and I frowned and  put it away
Kylie POV
" uh Kylie " Justin studdered  but then I cut him off because the movie was starting
I wonder what Justin was going to say  I thought to myself ,  then  I caught him staring at me I wonder what that was about is there something on my face I thought wiping my face  nope nothing on my face so why was he staring at me so  he was staring at me so I looked away and blushed   why did I do that ?  I don't know   but  as I was thinking  he wrapped his arm around my waist and I tensed up ,did he notice? , I hope not OK  I started watching the movie