
"Cause baby when you're with me
It's like an angel came by, and took me to heaven
(It's like you took me to heaven girl)
Cause when I stare in your eyes
It couldn't be better"
And. She just smiled  for a few seconds then looked up at me and blushed slightly then hid her face behind her hands
" I love you" I  said kissing
Her forehead softly
" love you too " she smiled then returned her view to  the TV
......................................................
Kylie POV
"Cause baby when you're with me
It's like an angel came by, and took me to heaven
(It's like you took me to heaven girl)
Cause when I stare in your eyes
It couldn't be better
Justin sang quietly in my ear which made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up.
"I love you " I whispered softly
" I love you too"  He whispered kissing the top of my head and planting a soft kiss on my lips and returning to the movie then he pulled me closer to him
..................................................
After the movie we help clean up Then. Jusin walked up to me and wrapped his arms around my waist and pushed my chin up so I was looking at him... his eyes where .all I could see was  love. . I knew right then and there he loved me as much as I loved him I dont deserve a guy like him..he's perfect I  Wonder what he's thinking he's just staring right through me I just stared at him curiously then he just stopped staring at me and grabbed me by the hand and led me upstairs to his room and he pulled  in the room and locked the door he still kinda looking distant like he was deep thought but then he surprised me by crashing his lips into mine at first I didn't kiss back then I did and we continued.  Then he stopped and. Stared at me then spoke
" you love me right " he said awaiting my answer
" oh course where is this coming from"  I said worried is Justin feeling insecure or is something wrong... with me I thought feeling a tear threaten to slip from my eye when it did Justin wiped it away
" don't cry baby" He said kissing my cheek softly then I quietly  sniffled
Then he pulled me onto his bed and made me face him and he cradled my face in his head Nd as he did another tear slid done my face he wiped away once away then as another tear threatened to take its place he looked at me with what was once was love was now sadness and worry
" what's wrong baby girl " he Said stroking my cheek
"What did u mean by. Asking me if I loved you is something wrong with me "  I cried
" no baby nothing's wrong with you thats the point. I don't deserve someone like you your to perfect for me " he said. With a lot of insecurity in his voice
" if anything it's the other way around " I laughed
" never " he said
" I love you" I yawned loudly
"Iloveyoutoo  " He said laying us down and pulling a cover over us and he sang the song from earlier while stroking my hair softly I was asleep in no time.