
JustinPOV
I walk into Carson's diner and looked around, where is she I thought to myself then I saw her sitting down at a booth wow she looks so beautiful and the dress really outlines her figure   wait a minute shes my best friend I shouldn't  be thinking like this  but that dress  but she does look beautiful stop it I thought to myself that's my bestfriend.
I walk up behide her and cover her eyes with my hands
"guess who " I  asked seeing a grin creep up on her face
" Elvis" she says
" no " I say sitting in the booth with her watching her play with her fingers
" so wheres Thayer "  I ask seeing the look of disappointment on her face
" He didn't show up "  she said  looking down like she was gonna cry
" well I'm here now so  smile" I  said  smiling pushing up her chin so I could see her beautiful smile
" better? " she said with a wide grin on her face
" yes "  I said smiling removing my hand from her chin
" so are you gonna order or do I have to? " she asked
" yeah but its on me " I said looking through the menu eyeing all the great looking foods.
" funny your not paying " she said looking up from her menu
"  you will see " I said grinning and still looking at my menu
" would you like to order " the waitress said getting out her pen
" no not yet " she said looking down at her menu again "
"and sir what  would you like a drink " the waitress said looking at me smiling
" a sweet tea please " I said giving her my best smile and she nodded.
" coming right up sir and ma'am would you like more coke "  the waitress asked
" yes ma 'am " she said telling her  want she would like also.
" I'll be right back with drinks and food " the waitress said
We just sat there talking and laughing and just having a really good time, a few mins later our food arrived we sat and ate laughed and joked till we were ready to leave.
" so wanna get out of here " I asked
" yes please " she said enthusiastically
Then we walked to the cashier ready to pay.
" hold on Justin I forgot my purse back at the table "  she said walking off as soon as she turned her back I handed the cashier  the money then put the change and receipt in my pocket
" Justin I told you I was paying " she whined obviously she saw me paying
" so  get over it  and let's go " I said holding the door open for her, she looked at me smiling and rolling her eyes, we started walking to my car when I broke the silence.
"   wanna stay over at my house " I said hoping for a yes
" YES " she yelled then a old couple stared at us and chuckled
"  OK then get your stuff and meet up at my house "   I said
" yay sleepover " she said I love that side of her that little kid side I'm allowed to say that about a best friend right?
" OK " she said smiling  and walking to her car