
Janae sighed it was another beginning to another boring day in the Lovano household. It was almost time for her to go to school and her mom was going on and on about something Janae really didn't care about. 'Bring,Bring' Janae looked down, her friend Scarlet had texted her, 'Bus in two' was all it said.
"Bye Mom. Love ya" I told my mom giving her a kiss on the cheek and getting the f*ck out of there. Sure enough there was the big yellow bus right outside. Welp, here is where the fascinating life of a catholic school girl starts . When I get on the bus it was crowded as usual I walked to the middle of the bus where I usually sat and sat down next to my best friend Scarlet. "Hey girl hey" I said poking her cheek.
"Hey" she replied not even bothering to look up from her huge history text book on her lap. This isn't like her. Usually she talks my ear off, to the point where even the nuns at my school tell her to shut up.
"What's up with you?" I ask again poking her cheek. "What did Cole not text you last night?" I said teasingly. Cole used to be a friend of hers but now bullies the two of us. Since he is ugly a common insult to us is to say that Cole was in love with the other girl.
"Ewww" She said immediately her perky brunette head shooting up. I laughed "I would never do that to you" She uttered in a sickly sweet voice. "Nope he is ALL yours I'M stressed because I heard from a little birdie Mr. Smithe being Mr. Smithe decided to give us a pop quiz and NOT tell us!!!"
"Well Scarlet the whole point of a pop quiz is to NOT know" I said sarcastically. We both chuckled. I realized we were at the school. I live two stops away so there's not really any chance to study on the bus. Not that I would anyway. Me and Scarly Marly linked arms and got out the bus walking to the school we all knew and hated. As a throng of kids passed by us we realized we were going to be late so we ran into the school and down the halls laughing all the way. Little did I know this would be one of the last times I would be happy in a long, long time.