

"Johnny, I'm sure. But if you don't hurry you won't by any tonight." I said. Johnny smiled and pulled me against him.

"Then I'd better hurry huh?" He asked and kissed me again. I succeeded in undoing his belt and grinned as I started to work on his jeans. I felt Johnny's hands move to my jeans and I could feel him struggling with the button. I managed to undo Johnny's pants and push him towards the bed. Johnny finally got my pants undone and we broke away long enough to take off our pants. Johnny walked behind me and wrapped his arms around me. He kissed my neck and I leaned back against him. "How'd you want to do it? Tie me up or traditional?" Johnny asked between kisses. I shivered at his touch. His hands trailed down from my stomach to my underwear.

"Why not both?" I asked. Johnny shivered behind me.

"Alright. That can be arranged." Johnny growled. I liked this side of him. Johnny trailed one hand back up and behind my back to undo my bra. I leaned my head back as he continued to attack my neck. I yelped when he gently bit my neck. I giggled when our eyes met. In this light, he looked a bit like a vampire. Johnny turned me around in his arms and I slipped my bra off. Johnny quickly pulled off my underwear and I stood there, naked, in front of him. Johnny growled and walked forward. I stepped back and fell on the bed. Johnny smiled and I reached for his underwear. I grabbed it and pulled it down. My eyes  went wide when I saw him. I was starting to wonder if this was really a good idea. Johnny seemed to notice. "You good? I'll stop whenever you want me to." Johnny said. I met his eyes and saw his sincerity. I nodded.

"I'm good. I'm ready. I want you Johnny." I said. Johnny smiled and gazed at me, laying on the bed in front of him.

"Damn. How did I get so lucky? You're smart, pretty, and got a great body. I'm the luckiest man in the whole world." Johnny murmured as he lowered himself onto me. He started to kiss me all over. He started at my stomach and gradually made it to my lips. He moaned against them as he settled on top of me. I wrapped my arms around him. Suddenly Johnny jumped off me.

"What?" I asked. Was he chickening out?

"Well I need protection don't I?" Johnny asked. I blushed. Even I forgot. Oops. Johnny quickly did what he had to and we went back to making out. Then Johnny held himself above me. "Are you ready?" He asked. I nodded. "Are you sure? Cuz once I'm in, there's no going back. Now's your last chance. Speak now or forever hold your peace."

"I'm sure. Just do it already." I said. Johnny nodded and leaned down to kiss me. He ran his tongue along my bottom lip and entered me at the same time. I gasped and that's when Johnny explored my mouth with his tongue. We fought and he won. I could feel him trying not to move until he was sure I was ready. I was and I didn't want to wait anymore. If he wasn't going to move, I was. I lifted my hips towards his and Johnny groaned. After a few more times, he finally started to thrust into me. It was odd at first, having not felt anything like this before. But I got used to it quickly. I matched him thrust for thrust and soon I felt my lower stomach tighten. Johnny moaned and I had realized we both had gotten pretty loud.