
The press conference ended without any trouble. Johnny and Samantha met Tim back in their room once they had gotten away from the cameras.
"That wasn't so bad." Johnny said as he rested his chin on her shoulder in the elevator. Samantha laughed as she turned her head to look at him.
"No but I almost hated every second of it." She said. Johnny raised an eyebrow.
"Why? What was so bad that you almost hated it?" He asked. Samantha smiled and turned around so she was facing him.
"The cameras. I'd much rather be behind one than in front of it. They make me uncomfortable when I can actually see the lens. And there is just something about the flash that makes you wanna cover your face but you can't so you have to be blinded." She said. Samantha wrapped her arms around johnny's torso and laid her head on his shoulder. Johnny placed his hands on her waist.
"I know what you mean. I hate every second I'm in front of those cameras. It'll be better when it's just Tim, me, you, and a few other people there with a huge camera. But the great thing is if you mess up in anyway at all, you can start over and no one will ever be the wiser when it's all said and done." Johnny said. He started moving back and forth in time with the annoying elevator music that was playing. Samantha laughed.
"I thought you absolutely hated dancing and were scared stiff of it!" She said. Johnny nodded and kept moving in time with the music.
"I do. Can't stand it." He said. Samantha laughed and lifted her head from his shoulder.
"Then what do you call this? Oh and that little thing you do when you play guitar? What do you call that?" She asked. Johnny shrugged.
"Just fun. Goofing off." He answered. Samantha shook her head.
"I don't think I'll ever fully understand you." She said as she rested her head back on his shoulder. Johnny laughed.
"There isn't much to understand love." He said. Just then the doors opened and they broke away. Johnny took Samantha's hand and they went back to their suite. Johnny opened the door and let Samantha in first.
"Well I think that went well. I think you should have warned me about the whole dating thing before you said it though." Tim said once the both were in the room with the door closed.
"Oh well. Too late now." Johnny said as he took a seat on the couch and motioned for Samantha to join him. She did and he laid his arm over her shoulders.
"I don't see what the problem about that is." She said. She laid her head on johnny's chest and he wrapped his arm around her more. Tim sat on the edge of the table in front of them.
"You don't see what the problem is? Well now we have to be careful about where you two can go without getting mobbed. Now we have to find ways to make sure you don't get torn apart by his fans. Now we have to find ways you two can be together when we finish this and started promoting the film." Tim said. Johnny brushed him off and stood up with Samantha.
"I have faith in you Tim. You always find a way to make things work. Why should this time be any different?" Johnny said as he walked towards his room. "Oh and if you need us, we will be sightseeing this afternoon so just call me if you need us." He led Samantha to his room and closed the door.
"So where do you want to see first?" Johnny asked as he pulled his t-shirt over his head. Samantha sat in the bed and laid back. Staring at the ceiling, she thought.
"Uh I guess 221b Baker street would be a great place to start." She said, sitting up. What she saw made her gasp quietly. Before her stood a shirtless johnny depp with his back facing her. He was pulling out different dress shirts. He finally settled in a light blue one. He already had on dark grey dress pants. Turning back to Samantha he held up the shirt.