

'But he didn't come after you.' A voice in the back of my head reminded me.

"Tim, if it was you on the phone, why didn't he answer my question? Why didn't he run after me to bring me home and explain?" I asked. Tim just smiled at something behind me.

"Because I.........I needed to get somethings first." I heard. The voice sounded slightly broken but filled with love. Tears appeared in my eyes. I knew who it was before I turned around. He had come after me. Once I saw Johnny, a smile broke across my face. He was just how he was when I'd run out. Looking broken, but now slightly put back together. I couldn't help but wonder if he'd read my diary. Because there he was standing with a bouquet of red roses and the teddy bear he'd bought me now long after I'd moved in with him. My hands went to cover my mouth. I smiled behind my hands and I met Johnny's eyes. I could tell he was trying his best not to cry. I felt my tears run down my cheeks and I took that step forward and hugged Johnny. Johnny returned the hug and I felt him put his head on my shoulder. I copied him and let my tears fall. Johnny pulled back and looked me in the eye. "Uh could you take one of these? It's kind of hard to be romantic and wipe away your tears when I have my hands full." He joked. I laughed and took my bear from his hand. Johnny smiled and wiped away my tears. He gently kissed my forehead. I smiled and put my head in the crook of his neck.

"Now I feel bad. I meant to help you guys out and I almost broke you guys up. Johnny do me a favor." Tim said.

"What?" Johnny asked.

"Don't ask me to help ever again." Tim said, causing me and Johnny to laugh. "Well I'm gonna go and leave you lovebirds alone." Tim waved as he walked away but Johnny and I were too caught up in smiling at each other to respond.

"I'm so sorry I jumped to the assumption that you were......."I started.

"If you say it I'll never kiss you ever again." Johnny cut me off. I stopped and just smiled at him. "That's better. God don't ever do that to me ever again."

"Okay but I have to know. Why?" I said. Johnny sighed and sat down, pulling me with him. I leaned against him and waited for him to answer.

"You know how you said you'd never leave me? Yeah well.......I'm sorry." Johnny said. He held out his arm. I glanced at him, almost knowing what I'd find under his sleeve. Johnny nodded and looked off at the city. Carefully, I pushed his sleeve up and saw his forearm wrapped him a bandage. I frowned and ran my fingers over it. I shook my head and pushed Johnny's sleeve back in place. I put my hand on his cheek and gently made him look at me. "I'm sorry. I know I said I wouldn't. But I panicked. You left and you said you never would. I was worried about you. I just stood in the same spot for hours." I smiled. "Why are you smiling? This isn't funny."

"I'm not smiling because it's funny. I'm smiling because when I left, you didn't know what to do. I find it adorable. I really mean that much to you huh?" I asked. Johnny nodded.