
AN: warning there will be mentions of self harm in this chapter
The day went on and it wasn't what Samantha had expected. Tim made them do a kissing scene twenty times because it didn't look real enough. After they finished the final scene Samantha took off for the trailer and johnny went to deal with Tim.
"What the fuck were you thinking Tim?! Working her that hard on her first day!" Johnny said. He was very upset with Tim.
"I was doing what had to be done. You and I both know this movie could make or break us. It needs to be amazing. And if all you can think of is her, then you need to remember why you agreed to do this in the first place." Tim said. He started to walk away.
"I know why I did this. I also know that you just pushed me and my girlfriend to the limit! Come on Tim! Making us do a simple kissing scene twenty times is not you! Ease up!" Johnny yelled. Tim spun around to face him.
"You want to make everything perfect for her but you have to remember nothing is perfect. Ever. You of all people should know. Once you get that through your thick skull, everything will be fine." Tim said as he walked away.
"Fuck you Tim!" Johnny screamed. He ran his fingers through his hair. He started to take the long way to the trailer so he'd have cooled off by the time he got back to Samantha.
Meanwhile, Samantha was standing in the bathroom of the trailer, leaning against the sink and staring at herself. She had change into sweatpants and one of johnny's shirts and washed off all the makeup they had put on her. She had also put on one song she knew showed exactly how she felt (song to the side). To say the day wasn't trying would be an understatement. She sighed and tears started to run down her face.
"Maybe dad was right. I'm not cut out for this. Maybe I should just give up." She muttered as she walked to her luggage. She opened it and started to look for what she called her sanity. She found it. Sitting down on the couch, she held the silver razor blade above her wrist. Just as she was about to press down, she thought of johnny.
"I'm sorry johnny. I'm so sorry." She said.
"Sorry for wha......." Johnny started. Samantha dropped the blade in surprise. She tried to kick it under the couch but she was too late. Johnny had seen the blade. He closed and locked the door. He walked over and picked it. He sat on the couch next to her as she started to cry more. He stared at the blade. He was trying to figure out what he should do. He fought with himself. He held the blade over his own wrist. He wanted to bring the blade down on his own wrist either before or after he let Samantha finish what she was going to do when he walked in. But he knew how hard it would be to stop afterwards. He kept staring at the blade as Samantha kept muttering sorry over and over again. Johnny finally broke the trance and, moving the blade away from his wrist, put it on the table in front of them.
"Why?" He asked. His voice sounded heartbroken to Samantha. She just started to sob. Johnny pulled her close to him and held her close.
"Because all of this is too much!" Samantha sobbed. "This movie, this lifestyle, you!"
"Me?" Johnny asked. Samantha nodded into his chest. His shirt was getting soaked but he didn't care. He just cared about the broken girl he loved.
"This movie is too much. They are making me look like the people I always hated. This lifestyle is too trying. Getting up early, having people wait on you hand and  foot. And...." She broke off.
"And what?" Johnny asked. He held Samantha away from him. She shook her head.
"And I don't deserve you. I'm just a nobody from a no place town and yet I've become the girl Johnny depp wants. I don't think I could handle if you ever left and I'd be lost and alone without you." Samantha whispered. Johnny leaned down and kissed her. He pulled her close and wrapped his arms around her. They broke away and johnny gently pulled her into his lap. He took her arm and pushed up the sleeve to reveal several scars. He frowned and pulled her arm to his lips. He kissed every scar she had. When he was done, he repeated his actions with her other arm.