
Samantha ended up falling asleep on the couch. Johnny sat in a chair and turned on the tv. Flicking through the channels, he couldn't find anything to watch that didn't have their faces plastered all over it. Sighing he turned off the tv and went to Samantha's iPod. He picked it up and opened the lock screen. Glancing at her sleeping form, Johnny racked his brain to figure out the passcode.
"Lets see. Four numbers. Five tries. Well it's not 1,2,3,4. She's too clever for that. Or maybe....." He trailed off. He typed in those numbers and smiled when it came up wrong. "I was right. Too clever. Let's see. My birthday?" He asked the phone. He typed in 6,9,6,3. Once again it came up wrong. He glared at the phone. He only had three more tries left. Johnny looked at Samantha again. He debated waking her up to get the code. Shaking his head, he decided to try two more times. If he couldn't get it by then, he'd let her open it on the last try. Sitting down in the chair again, he thought about what the possible combinations were. Then he realized something. He quickly put in the date that he asked her out. The screen changed to show Samantha's apps. Johnny smiled in triumph. He instantly found the music app and opened it. He put the iPod on random and let the music play. He wasn't really paying attention to it. Johnny opened the camera roll and looked through the pictures. There were a lot of pictures of him that she had saved. Then there were pictures they had taken together. Johnny frowned as he saw some pictures that he didn't know where she would have gotten them.
"I took them." Samantha said. Johnny jumped. He looked up at her as she sat up and rubbed her eyes. "I took them whenever you weren't looking. Sorry for scaring you."
"It's ok. How did you know I was looking at them?" Johnny asked. Samantha smiled.
"You were frowning and looked pretty confused. Unless you found my tumblr account, it had to be my pictures." Samantha shrugged. She looked at johnny. He had the chair backwards and was sitting on it. She smiled. Johnny held out her iPod.
"Sorry I hacked into it." He said. Samantha shook her head.
"I have nothing to hide from you. How many tries did it take you?" She asked.
"Three. I thought it was something easy but that didn't work. Then I tried my birthday and I almost woke you up to get it. Then I thought hey what about our anniversary. That worked." Johnny said. Samantha giggled. "By the way, I didn't wake you up did I?" He was concerned.
"It's more the music than you. You do realize it is just playing the last song I listened to over and over right?" Samantha asked. Johnny listened as the song ended and started up again.
"Oh. What song is it anyway?" He asked. Samantha smiled sadly at her iPod.
"The last night. By skillet." Samantha said. "My friend showed me this song shortly after I lost someone close to me. I thought about cutting then but was always able to stop myself. After a while, I just couldn't help myself anymore." Johnny nodded.
"I know what you mean." He said. He rested his arms on the back of the chair and put his chin on his arm. "I remember the first time I heard it. I was in my car going to meet my girlfriend. Well ex girlfriend. I had just made a bad cut and needed to tell her before something happened." Samantha nodded.
"Yea. I heard it when i went to her the first time I cut. She was pissed. Whacked me upside the head and then cleaned me up." Samantha laughed. Johnny smiled.
"What's her name?" He asked.
"Jessica. We grew up together. I miss her so much. She probably rolled her eyes when she heard about us. She was the only one who didn't say anything about my crush on you. In all truth I think she is the one who helped make it last as long as it had. Because she knew your movies made me happy so we always tried to find new ones to watch or even just watched the same ones over and over again. I don't know if I'd be here without her." Samantha said. Johnny nodded.
"Well I can tell you one think." Johnny said. Samantha looked up at him. He motioned her over and got up. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into a hug.
"What's that?" She asked.
"This is the last night you'll spend alone." Johnny whispered.