
I don't know how long I sat there under that tree but I couldn't cry anymore. I didn't have anymore tears in my broken heart. I had faced the fact that Johnny probably wouldn't come. I pulled my knees to my chest and rested my head against them.

"Samantha?" A familiar voice asked. I looked up. Tim Burton was standing in front of me. I frowned.

"Hi Tim." I said. Tim looked around.

"Here's Johnny?" He asked. I sighed. I didn't want a reminder.

"I don't know." I said honestly. Tim looked uncertain. "Seriously Tim. I have no idea. We kinda got into a fight and I came up here and he hasn't come over that hill yet." I saw understanding flash across Tim's face. He looked at the spot next to me.

"May I?" He asked. I nodded. "What did you guys fight about? If I can ask." I sighed.

"Johnny was on the phone with someone and wouldn't tell me who. He said he'd meet them later. When he didn't tell me who it was, I asked him if he was cheating on me." I fell silent. Tim just sat next to me, not forcing me to continue.  After a while, I continued anyway. "He didn't answer so I assumed he was. I walked out. I have this feeling he isn't though. He did try to stop me by pleading with me; saying he loves me and needs me. But he didn't follow me and he hasn't come yet. I don't know if he will." I finished. Tim chuckled next to me. "What?" I asked.

"The way you phrased it, it makes it sound like you don't even believe yourself. And besides you said he hasn't come. Yet. You still have faith in him. Don't you ever wonder if he's worth it?" Tim asked. I frowned. He was right. Was Johnny worth it? The torture of not knowing every detail of his private life even though I lived with him, the secrets I know he had, the attempts to get me in bed. But weren't all those outweighed by everything else? The sweet mornings in bed, the jokes, the racing hearts, the cuddling, the days Johnny had to be shoved out the door to get to set or when he needed to do something only for him to come back two seconds later, and the affection. Not to mention the kisses. I smiled and ran ny fingertips over my lips when I thought of those. I shook my head.

"He is worth it Tim. You two have been friends for a long time. You should know. But if you still don't, then you should learn. He's the sweetest, kindest, shyest, most considerate person I've ever met. I'd be lost without him. I love him. Even if he is cheating on me, I love him. I've spent years trying to become the girl I was when I first saw his movies. The happy, no care in the world girl who adored the man the second he stepped of that sinking ship boat thing in pirates of the caribbean. But I never could. I'd seen too much and been through too much." I said. Tim looked at me. His eyes flicked to something behind me but I didn't pay any attention to it. "But with Johnny, I can be both that girl and someone who knows just how cruel life is. Through my personal hell, I gained a small piece of heaven. And that's Johnny." I sighed, shaking my head.

"Sounds to me like you really don't believe he would cheat on you. Samantha, I actually have a confession." Tim said.

"What do you mean Tim?" I asked. Tim stood and offered me his hand. I took it and he pulled me up.

"It was me he was on the phone with. He had called me and told me to meet him here. He wanted to set up dinner up here and bring you just before sunset. He didn't think you'd been up here yet. It was supposed to be romantic surprise. But I guess it's ruined now." Tim said. My eyes went wide and I looked out over the city. I squeezed my eyes shut and I felt the need to scream. How could I be so stupid?! The hurt, the disbelief, the way he fell apart, the reason he tried to stop me. It all made sense now.