
"Why thank you love but I don't think that I'm one of the best actors ever. But that's your opinion. Pleased to help make your dream come true." Samantha gasped and turned slightly.
"Oh my God! You........But.........you are..........Johnny depp!" Samantha stuttered, covering her mouth. 'Well there goes my good work.'She thought. Johnny smiled at her. Then recognized her. He remembered her as the girl who he couldn't take his eyes off of at the concert the night before. And she couldn't stop looking at him. Johnny removed his arm from her shoulders and held his arms open for a hug. Samantha removed her hands from her mouth and wrapped her arms around his torso. Johnny wrapped his arms around her waist. Tim smiled and got up to leave. He went to tell everyone else the role was filled then he left. Soon Johnny felt his shirt getting wet. He gently pushed Samantha away to see her crying. She had hung her head as soon as she felt him pushing her away. Johnny placed his index finger under her chin and forced her head up. She looked at him.
"What's wrong? Why are you crying?" Johnny asked. Using his thumb, he wiped away her tears. Samantha moved her head, trying to make him stop but Johnny moved one hand behind her head to hold it in place and used the other to continue wiping away tears. Samantha shook her head.
"You'd think I'm crazy." She said. Johnny shook his head. Samantha saw in his eyes he was telling the truth. He wouldn't laugh or say anything to make her feel bad. "Ok then. I was told from a young age I'd never make it this far. I'd never be good enough to be in a movie. But I still dreamed of working with you. Ever since I saw Charlie and the chocolate factory. You were the one I idolized more than anyone. You and Mr. Burton. And now here I am. Crying in front of you. My favorite actor. And last night, I went to a concert just to see you. It was a one in  million chance that you would be there and you were. I'm sorry for crying but it's just a bit too much to handle right now."
"It's ok. And don't apologize for something like this. I remember the first time I was told I had a role. I went crazy thinking why ME. Still do with some roles. I'll be right by your aide the whole time. Trust me. I've got you." Johnny said.