
"I think you already said that." I pointed out. Johnny shrugged.
"It's true though." He said and we fell silent. I was already starting to doze off when Johnny sat up straighter. "We're here. Look." He breathed and pointed out the window. I looked where he was pointing and froze. I looked up at the Disneyland sign as we passed under it.
"Here you leave the world of today and enter the world of yesterday, tomorrow, and fantasy." Johnny and I breathed. I looked at Johnny's smiling face and let out a squeal.
"I can't believe you brought me here! I love Disney! Oh thank you thank you thank you! You are the best boyfriend ever! I love you!" I squealed and pounced on Johnny. I wrapped my arms around him tightly and looked up at him. "We have to see Peter! For sure Peter. And Jack! We can't forget Jack. Not to mention the mad hatter and Alice and Wendy and hook and Anna and Elsa and......" I started to fangirl before we even parked!
"Whoa! Calm down there love. I'll make sure you see everything and everyone you want to see. Just relax. And have fun. It is the happiest place on earth after all." Johnny said as the limo parked. I smiled at him and started to bounce with anticipation. We got out and headed into the park. I looked around and completely ignored everything else. If it wasn't for Johnny's grip on my hand, I'd never have gotten into the park. A smile was on my face the entire time. While looking around, I spotted one of my new friends.
"Tyler!" I called out. Johnny turned towards me at the sound of my voice and so did Tyler Oakley. I waved and he waved while coming over to us.
"Hey! Funny running into you here." He said as we hugged.
"Well this is all Johnny's doing." I giggled as we pulled away. Tyler nodded.
"Oh! Congrats! I didn't think you saw what I put on Twitter when you got engaged." Tyler said. I shook my head.
"No. I didn't. Sorry." I said. Tyler looked at me and I knew what was coming.
"This bitch. Girl, next time you go on you better look. Anyway it was just some cute little joke that you need to see. I'm not telling you." He said. I laughed and Johnny raised an eyebrow. He'd seen a few of Tyler's videos but I knew he didn't fully get what was happening. Oh well. "So since you're here, did you wanna hang out or would I be in the middle of something?" Tyler seemed to catch on to why we were there. I looked up at Johnny who smirked down at me.
"Please Johnny?" I pouted. Tyler hid a laugh and Johnny smiled down at me.
"If he doesn't mind being a third wheel and going wherever you wanna go then I'm fine with it." Johnny said. I squealed and hugged them both.
"Yay! A full day with my boys!" I laughed.

AN: ok so this shows you how big a fangirl is. So I decided to put Tyler Oakley in here cuz I've been watching his videos all day and I just had to. If you haven't seen his videos, they are hilarious. If you wanna watch them, go to YouTube and search Tyler Oakley. He is so amazingly funny. Things will happen in the next chapter ;) . I think this is a nice little intro to what's to come. The next chapter (which will probably be up next week maybe sooner) will be their date with tag along Tyler and its gonna be a long one. Thanks for reading!