
"Then you have nothing to worry about. Johnny, I felt how much you love me in that kiss. I've loved you for years. You heard what I told Tim when I auditioned. I've never had a boyfriend before so I'm afraid I won't do this right and or get my heart broken. To be truthful, when you kissed me, that was my first kiss. I had always imagined, and hoped and dreamed it would be you who would kiss me first. And it came true. It seems you make my dreams come true. So please let this one come true too." Samantha said. Johnny smiled.
"Then I guess that is what happens to us." Johnny said with a smile. Samantha smiled and wrapped her arms around his neck. Johnny pulled her close and rested his chin on the top of her head. "But are we going to tell the press?"
"If you want. Personally, I don't care." Samantha said. She rested her head in the crook of his neck and glanced up at him.
"Really? All this rush earlier and now you just don't care anymore? Wow. I have some affect." Johnny joked. Samantha laughed.
"Well what was it, just before mortdecai came out maybe? You said you didn't give a fuck what anyone said about you. So I'm gonna say you've had that affect since I was sixteen." Samantha said. Johnny chuckled. He stood up, releasing Samantha.
"Come on. We need to get dressed. Tim will be at the door in ten minutes." Johnny said as he backed out of the room. Samantha gave a sad wave which johnny returned. Once the door closed, Samantha started to get dressed. As she slipped the shirt over her head, a smile grew on her face. She stood in front of the mirror and spun in a circle. The outfit was perfect. She walked into the living room and waited for johnny. He walked out a minute later.
"I missed you." Samantha said. Johnny laughed.
"It was only ten minutes. By the way, you look amazing." Johnny said. He walked over to Samantha and adjusted the beanie a bit then wrapped his arms around her waist. She smiled.
"Thank you. You look very handsome. Then again you always do. And johnny ten minutes is a long time. Especially when you are a fangirl like me. Ten minutes could make or break you and they broke me. Cuz I missed you. A lot." She said as she leaned into johnny. He smiled.
"Well that makes me feel better. Cuz I missed you too." Johnny whispered into her hair. She giggled and pulled away. She grabbed his hand and pulled him towards the door.
"Come on. We are gonna be late and Tim will hate us and I won't be in a movie or introduced as your girlfriend. Whoa." She said. Then she stopped walking altogether. Johnny looked back at her. "I'm gonna be introduced as your girlfriend. As johnny depp's girlfriend." Johnny laughed.
"That's just finally catching up with you?" He asked. Samantha nodded. He gave her hand a pull and she was moving again. "Don't worry. You will be amazing. Both as a girlfriend and at the press conference." Johnny said while kissing the top of her head. They reached the lobby of the hotel and walked into the ballroom which served as the conference room. They took seats next to each other and the interview began.
"Mr. Depp what can you tell us about this movie?" A reporter asked.
"Well uh let's see how much I can get away with here. My character falls in love with this beautiful singer but she doesn't really want him there I guess. Then she goes through a life changing experience when she ends up in the hospital and is discharged to him. She falls in love with him and its basically the story of how she falls in love and how their lives work out." Johnny answered. He kept looking at Samantha whenever he mentioned her character and the reporters noticed. Big time.
"Mr. Depp, what can you tell us about your costar? I mean no one has ever heard of her or seen her before." Someone shouted out. Samantha looked at johnny. To say she was scared was an understatement.