
Johnny looked over at Samantha running around trying to find the right outfit.
"Relax. No matter what you wear you will look amazing." Johnny said as he stood up. Samantha paused in her search for clothes.
"In your eyes yes johnny, I will look perfect. But in the media's eyes, it truly must look perfect. For all I know, I could walk out in one of your t-shirts, my favorite pair of ripped jeans, converse, a beanie that I stole from you, and I would look like miss. America to you! But I'd.........wait that actually sounds good. Where are your t-shirts?" Samantha said as she finally focused on Johnny 's face.
"Right here. Wait you aren't actually going to do that are you? I mean sure I'm gonna be on cloud nine as will you but like you just said the media. And when did you take my beanie?" Johnny joked. Samantha grabbed the suitcase from johnny and unzipped it. She lifted each shirt carefully and searched for the one she wanted.
"Uh on the plane ride here. It was sticking out of your back pocket and when he were settling down, I kinda knicked it. Sorry. I can give it back if you want it. Ah! Here it is! See I knew you would pack this. I just knew it." Samantha said as she pulled out johnny's 'we are you' shirt. She tossed it on her bed and zipped the suitcase back up. She handed it back to johnny who put it next to the couch he was standing in front of.
"Which beanie is it?" Johnny asked. He wasn't concerned that she had taken it, just concerned he didn't notice she took it. For him that could be bad. Samantha sighed.
"Its that black and grey one. Here." Samantha said as she pulled it out of her pocket and tossed it him. Johnny caught it and threw it back to her. It landed on her bed next to the shirt and the jeans she had just pulled out. Samantha looked at it.
"Keep it. I can always buy another." Johnny said. Samantha looked up at johnny and smiled. He nodded. "Uh I'll just leave you to get dressed then." Johnny turned around and was about to leave.
"No!" Samantha said, stopping him. He turned back around and raised an eyebrow. "Uh what about us?" She asked. Johnny looked confused.
"Us?" He asked. Samantha sighed and sat down on her bed.
"Yes. Us. Me and you. You and me." She said. Johnny sat down next to her and shook his head.
"I'm sorry. I don't understand....." He started.
"The kiss johnny. The kiss we shared this morning. What does that make us? Does it change anything?" Samantha said. She refused to look at johnny. She knew the way she was wording it was terrible. To her, it sounded like she didn't want things to change and she didn't feel anything when he kissed her. But how she felt was the complete opposite.
"Oh. That." Johnny said. He had a trace of a smile on his lips as he remembered. "Well........what do you want? I mean do you want to stay friends or become something more.....to be honest with you, I know how I feel about you but I'm not too sure if I can take another heart break." Johnny knew he had just said all the wrong things and wished he could take them back the second they left his mouth.
"I want to be friends but I also want to be something more." Samantha sighed. "Tell me you felt something in that kiss."
"I did. Of course I did. Samantha, I kissed you because I was too afraid to actually say I liked you out loud. The kiss was my way of trying to tell you how I feel." Johnny said. He took Samantha's hands in his. She looked at their hands then up into the deep brown eyes of the man she had loved for years. "I definitely want to be something more. It's just I'm afraid that if I let myself fall deeply in love you without being sure you love me back, I'll get my heart broken again. And I don't want that." Johnny said. Samantha smiled.