
It had been a few days since Johnny proposed. Although I loved the one Johnny actually proposed with, Johnny thought I need to have a real one. He had since gotten me a proper engagement ring. It was beautiful in my opinion. It was a rose gold with a rose on it and a diamond in the middle of the rose. It was so cute. I was sitting in Johnny's study admiring it with the tv on in the background. I had long since finished Don Juan de Marco and had moved on to something Johnny could watch with me if he wanted, the godfather series. I glanced up at the movie at times but my gaze always trailed back down to my hand. A smile had been permanently etched onto my face. Johnny was currently out doing a read for a new movie. He'd be back in an hour and I had no clue what to do to pass the time. Signing, I turned off the movie and went upstairs to play a game on my phone. I walked into our room and looked around for my phone. I frowned when I had trouble finding it. I jumped when it went off next to me. I picked it up off my nightstand and opened the text message. It was from Johnny.
'Hey baby, I might be a bit late. But do me a favor and wear that stunning black dress you have with those black heels you have. Be ready by the time I was supposed to come home. You'll find a surprise at the door at that time. The second I'm out, I'll be home and I'm taking you out doll. It's gonna be romantic. I love you. See you soon. Johnny x'
I smiled as I read his text. Then I frowned. Which dress did he mean? I quickly texted him, asking him which one he wanted.
'The casual one. That's more comfortable right?' He replied. I answered that it was and I'd see him later. I ran to my closet and pulled out the dress. I smiled as I took it off the hanger and laid it out on the bed. I went into the bathroom and took a shower. I walked out into our room in just a towel and quickly got dressed. I found the heels Johnny mentioned and put those on. I stood and looked at myself in the mirror. I smiled as I twirled around and laughed when the dress billowed out around me. I fluffed my hair and went down by the door. I had ten minutes before Johnny was supposed to be home. I clutched my phone, knowing I could always give it to johnny to put in his pocket for the night. I saw I had another text from Johnny saying he just got out and asking if I was ready. I told him I was. Then the doorbell rang. I hesitantly opened the door. I smiled when I saw Johnny standing by a light blue 1985 mustang. He looked up when the door opened. Johnny smiled and I closed the door behind me. I walked over to johnny who wrapped an arm around my waist and kissed me sweetly. He pulled away and pulled a bouquet of flowers from behind his back. There were a dozen red roses and a white carnation. I smiled wider as I took them from Johnny.
"They're so beautiful." I said. Johnny smiled and kissed my cheek. "But what's with the white carnation?" Johnny smirked.
"That's a long story I'm not sure I wanna go into love." Johnny said. I nodded.
"It's still beautiful. Thank you so much." I said.
"Samantha, i want you to know I'll love you until every single one of those flowers dies." Johnny said. I frowned. It would be soon then. Flowers, especially roses, never lasted long. Then something caught my eye in the bouquet. One of the roses was reder than the rest. I gently touched it and laughed when I realized what it was. Johnny smirked and I kissed his cheek.
"You sneaky bastard." I giggled. Johnny smiled at me.
"Why am I a sneaky bastard?" He asked.
"Because one of the roses is fake! It'll never die." I said, my eyes shining as I looked up into Johnny's eyes. Johnny smiled.
"That's why it's there and that's why I said what I said." He said. "I will love you forever. Just like that rose is forever. I love you."
"I love you too." I said, hugging Johnny tightly. "So what was the reason for the dress and heels?" I asked pulling away.