
Johnny and I got back pretty late last night. He promised me he'd take me on another date today. I laid in bed, tracing little hearts on Johnny's chest while he slept. I swear that man could sleep through anything. I looked at the clock and smiled. Johnny had told me that I had to wait until at least six in the morning to find out about the date. It was now six thirty. I looked at Johnny's sleeping face and debated with myself. He had wanted to be up by seven so we could get there on time. Half an hour early  was fine right? I leaned up and gently kissed him. At first he didn't do anything. Then his lips moved under mine and I knew he was up.
"Morning. I see you waited." Johnny said as he rubbed his eyes. I nodded.
"Yes. And I got you up with half an hour to  spare." I said. Johnny smiled up at me. I smiled back. "So, where are we going?"
"That's a surprise love. But get dressed. Oh and make sure it's comfortable. We are gonna be doing a lot of walking and its gonna be kinda hot out today." Johnny said as he got up. He kissed me quickly then went to take a shower. I went into the closet and pulled out a pair of shorts along with my favorite Peter pan shirt. It was a tank top with Peter pacing in front of the lost boys with the words never grow up written in white above them. The back had a cut in it and it was tied. I quickly got dressed and laced up my Peter pan custom converse. I looked at myself in the mirror.
"You look beautiful." I looked over my shoulder to see Johnny standing in the doorway of the bathroom in nothing but a towel. I blushed and smiled.
"Thanks." I said. I scanned his body quickly. "Planning on going like that?" I joked. Johnny smiled and winked at me.
"Oh you wish." He said and went over to the closet. I watched as he pulled out a pair of jeans and a white polo shirt. He went back into the bathroom to change.
"You know I've seen you naked before right?" I called. Johnny's laugh could be heard through the closed door. I went over and opened it a bit. I watched as he changed and smirked when he caught me.
"Hey! There's this thing called privacy and I'd really like some." He said, coming over to the door. He opened it all the way and I stood up straight, rubbing the back of my neck. Johnny had a wide smile on his face and my eyes trailed down. I bit my lip when I saw he was only wearing his underwear. His jeans lay on the floor by the sink. "My eyes are up here you know." My eyes snapped up to meet his and I let out a nervous laugh.
"Sorry." I breathed. Johnny held out his hand and I took it confused. Gently pulling me, Johnny brought me into the bathroom and closed the door behind me. "Uh if you plan on doing what I think you are, wouldn't the bed be better?" I asked. Johnny laughed and picked me up. He gently seated me on the sink.
"Yes it would. But I'm not.....No.....Well not right now. Maybe later. You wanted to watch didn't you?" Johnny said cheekily. I giggled and nodded. "Well, here you are. And here I am." I let out a laugh and Johnny started to get dressed again. He pulled his shirt on and I pushed his wet hair back. Johnny smiled and my hands rested at the back of his neck. He had moved closer and his hands were on the sink on either side of my legs. Johnny looked up at me and gently brushed his hand against my leg. "You really do look beautiful." He whispered. I gave him a tight smile, knowing better than to argue with him.
"And you look absolutely handsome." I whispered. Johnny smirked and I leaned down and kissed him. Johnny's hands moved to my waist and he picked me up. We continued to kiss as he set me on the ground. Johnny pulled back and kissed my forehead.
"Come on. You're gonna love where I'm taking you." Johnny said. We ran down to the lobby and I opened the door. Johnny took my hand and grabbed his sunglasses on the way out the door. A limo was sitting in the turnabout in front of his house. Johnny opened the door and let me get in first. He sat down and closed the door. Nodding to the driver, Johnny put his arm over my shoulders and pulled me close. I rested my head on his shoulder and looked up at him. "I think you are absolutely positively going to love this date." Johnny said. I giggled.