

"But my movie Johnny." I complained. Johnny got off me and picked me up.

"You can finish it some other time. Right now, you need your sleep." He said. I frowned as he shut off my movie. We started to go upstairs and I realized I was still in Johnny's arms.

"Johnny, you know you can put me down now." I said. I saw Johnny shake his head and smile.

"I know. But I don't want to." He said. I smiled and laid my head on his shoulder. "You know what tomorrow is right?" He asked.

"I know. But do you know?" I asked. Johnny laughed.

"Of course I do. Six month anniversary. I have a huge surprise for you." Johnny said. I smiled. "And before you ask, it's a surprise so no I can't tell you."

"Oh please Johnny. I'll tell you what I got you." I complained. Johnny chuckled.

"As if I didn't already know." He said. I frowned and lifted my head off his shoulder.

"What do you mean?" I asked. Johnny smirked down at me.

"Honey, next time you decide to try and hide a guitar from me, try putting it somewhere other than under the bed. I think you forgot that's where my scripts go most nights." Johnny explained. I pouted and buried my head in his neck. Johnny could sense something was wrong. "If it makes you feel any better, I didn't actually see the guitar. I just saw the case." I tried not to smile but I did anyway. Johnny kicked the door to our room open and walked to the bed. He sat down on the edge with me in his lap. I felt him stroke my hair and I started to get sleepy.

"Johnny, why are you still with me?" I asked. I truly was curious. I mean the past six months weren't what I wanted from my first relationship. I wanted cuteness, cuddling, kissing, and over all no cutting. But I had gotten the kisses and the cuddling and the cutting.

"I don't understand love." Johnny said. He laid back and looked down at me. I was now laying on his chest and could feel his heartbeat through his shirt. It seemed a bit fast to me. Did I have this effect on him?

"I mean after everything you've seen, everything you've learned about me. Why do you stay? Most guys would have run at the first mention of it. But you didn't." I explained. I felt Johnny sigh.

"Because I've been there too and I know that no one should go through that alone. And not to mention I'm head over heels in love with you." He said. I heard his heartbeat pick up a bit. I giggled and shook my head. "It's true. I love everything about you. Your hair, your eyes, your smile, your laugh, how you never believe me when I say you are drop dead gorgeous or when I tell you just how much  I love you. Everything about you is perfect to me. Every single thing."

"Johnny, that's great to hear but it's just words. No offense, but technically you lie for a living. I do too now but I know every word I say to you is true. How can I be sure that you are telling me the truth?" I asked. I thought I knew the answer. It was echoing in my ears right now. The pounding of his heart. I felt Johnny tighten his grip on my waist. It upset me to know I had just caused him some pain by telling him that but it was true.