
Thanks to JohnnysAngel18 for the new cover. This is for you.
"Samantha. Time to get up Johnny said. He smiled as Samantha started to stir. "Come on. We are landing now."
"Landing where?" Samantha said, her voice slightly husky from sleep. Johnny just smiled as she woke up slowly. She looked around and remembered she was on a plane. She couldn't recall where she was headed though. She looked up at Johnny and squinted.
"Rise and shine." Johnny said. Samantha realized she had been sleeping on his arm. Then she remembered everything.
"Oh! London right. And I'm so sorry for falling asleep on you. I just hate flying and all that kind of things." Samantha said. Johnny just laughed.
"Don't worry love. I let you. Or did you forget?" He asked. Samantha just nodded. The plane started to descend. Samantha jumped and squeezed his hand. She forgot she had been holding it for hours, even as she slept. Johnny rubbed circles on the back of her hand with his thumb in an attempt to calm her down. Samantha looked up at him.
"Thank you. You have no idea how much this means to me." She whispered.
"No problem. Mind telling me why you hate planes so much?" Johnny asked. He looked at their hands and intertwined their fingers.
"I will once we are safely on solid ground." Samantha said as she squeezed his hand and her eyes tight. Johnny nodded and kept trying to calm her down. Before long, the plane landed and the two were on solid ground. They were waiting for the car from Warner brothers to pick them up when Samantha spoke.
"You wanted to know why I hate flying. It's because when I was little, I saw so many movies with plane crashes and not to mention I was pretty young when 9/11 happened. Things like that just stay with you when you grow up I guess." Samantha said. She wouldn't look at Johnny. He reached over and put his arm over her shoulder. Samantha looked up when she felt his hand move up and down her arm. They smiled at each other.
"So London. They city you have dreamed of. What do you think so far?" Johnny asked.
"All I've seen is Heathrow!" Samantha laughed. Johnny laughed too.
"Yea but what do you think of it?" Johnny joked. Samantha shook her head. Johnny let the matter drop.
"Mr. Depp and miss. Hoffman?" A man asked. The two said yes and followed the man to a limo. It took them to the Warner brothers studio. Tim was waiting for them.
"Damn you two look tired as hell." Tim said. Johnny laughed.
"Yea nice to see you too Tim." Johnny said as he leaned against the building. Truth was, he hadn't slept at all on the plane. Samantha had but he wanted to make sure she was ok.
"Well I don't know about Johnny but I slept the whole ride here." Samantha said with a yawn.
"And yet you are as tired as me." Johnny said, yawning too. Tim laughed.
"Why don't the two of you go right to the hotel and get some rest. Just meetings for the next few days anyway. Sleep then tourist. See you guys later." Tim suggested. The two nodded and got back in the limo. Samantha fell asleep in the limo. Johnny smiled at her as she slept on his shoulder. The limo soon stopped and the driver looked in the rearview mirror.
"If you want to take her up, I can get the bags." He said. Johnny smiled.
"Thank you." Johnny said. He shifted and picked Samantha up bridal style. He walked into the lobby and rreceived a few stares as he went to check in.
"Yea Warner brothers should be picking up the tab ." He said. The lady behind the desk handed him a key. He shifted Samantha in his  arms a bit and took it. He smiled his thanks and walked to tell elevator. He once again shifted Samantha and hit the button for their floor. Tim had them sharing a suite. It made it  easier on Johnny since he didn't need to make two stops. Once they reached their room, Samantha stirred a little. Johnny made a "shh" sound and she buried her head in his shoulder. He set her down and opened the door. Once again, Johnny picked her up and carried her into the room. He set her on one of the beds and went to get the bags from the driver.