
"Sounds good to me. Do you think this goes?" He asked. Samantha nodded.
"It definitely does. Then again you should know it does." She said. Johnny looked at her confused. "It looks like the same outfit you wore at one of the lone ranger premieres." She clarified. Johnny nodded in understanding.
"You weren't kidding when you said you were a fan were you?" He joked. Samantha shook her head. He sat down next to her and put the shirt to the side. "That's just one amazing thing about you. I mean sure it is a bit weird dating a fan but at the same time it is amazing. I mean I know I would be able to come to you to tell me what you think of my movies. Or anything else for that matter." He said. Samantha looked down at her lap and blushed a deep red.
"I mean I get what you are saying. It's weird to date the guy I've dreamed of since I was sixteen. But amazing at the same time because now I'm in the place I would have killed for just a few years ago and I know exactly how the other fans probably are feeling right now. I know what it's like to watch the man you like go through a break up then find someone amazing only to find out a few short years later they weren't all that amazing. I watched the whole Amber heard era. Then I saw the couple years you were single again and saw all these fans practically throw themselves at you. And when you met your last girlfriend, I'm sorry to say, but she looked like trouble from the start. But then you said you guys had broken up and I'll admit, I didn't follow you with social media. Because I knew if I really wanted to know what you were doing, all I had to do was call you or text you. Now you are with me and I feel like, even though I finally got most of the things I've wanted, I'm not the one for you." Samantha said. Johnny looked at her in a new light. He smiled. Placing a finger under her chin, he gently pushed her head back up.
Leaning in, he kissed her with as much passion as he could. Samantha was slightly shocked but soon kissed him back. They pulled away breathless. "I get what you're saying. Well kind of but I have the general idea of what you are saying. I get it. Because I feel like I'm not the one for you. I've got this laundry list of character defects, all the mistakes I've made most of them largely public (AN: cheers to those who recognize this. Not something johnny depp related but still amazing), and especially the track list of ex's." Johnny said. He looked into Samantha's eyes. "But I'm still gonna try and do my very best to be the perfect boyfriend I can be for you. Sure there will probably be fights, drunken rages, alcohol fueled craziness, and when that happens, you can bet your life I will be apologizing with no end because I would want to make it up to you. And you can bet I will try until I die of heart break or exhaustion." Johnny leaned his head against Samantha's.
Samantha leaned in and kissed him. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him as close as she could. When they pulled away, she was crying. Johnny wipped awAy her tears with his thumbs. "That's the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me." She said.
"Well you deserve it doll. Every last word." Johnny said. He leaned in and kissed her again. Samantha kissed back and felt him wrap his arms around her. One of his hands was on her cheek while the other got tangled in her hair. Soon she felt him run his tongue along her bottom lip asking for entrance. She pulled away.
"Sorry. It's just I've never kissed anyone like that before." She stuttered. Johnny nodded.
"It's ok. I'll walk you through it.You just open your mouth, and I open mine, and we wiggle our tongues together. And it feels real sexy." Johnny said with a smile.
"Cry baby. Cute. But johnny could we possibly just take it slow?" Samantha asked. She looked at her lap again and glanced at johnny quickly.