
"Well, let's just say I'm taking you on one last date." Johnny said as he opened the door on the mustang. I climbed in and smiled.
"21 jumpstreet?" I asked. I knew Johnny knew what I was talking about. He nodded as he got in on his side.
"Yeah. I forgot I had this and I know you're a fan so might as well. Besides, only the best for you." Johnny said. I smiled and ran my hand over the dash.
"I love it." I whispered.
"Good. cuz it's yours." Johnny said as he took my hand. I smiled and settled into the seat, the bouquet of flowers on my lap. We passed many familiar things and soon we were pulling up a familiar pathway. I giggled and Johnny smirked as he glanced at me from the corner of his eye. "What?" He asked. The expression on his face told me he already knew.
"The Hollywood sign. Are you making up for our anniversary?" I asked. Johnny smiled and nodded.
"The dinner we missed and I've been putting off. I figured now was the best time seeing as we don't have much time to have dates anymore." He said. We stopped in the parking lot and Johnny got out. He opened my door and I took his outstretched hand. Getting out of the car, I held his hand tightly. Johnny intertwined our fingers and I held the flowers and my phone in the other.
"Oh! Johnny could you put my phone in your pocket?" I asked. Johnny nodded and took my phone from me, putting it in his jacket pocket. We walked up to the sign and Johnny covered my eyes. "Johnny!" I giggled and grabbed his hands.
"I got you. I got you. Don't worry." Johnny chuckled. I smiled and let Johnny lead me where we needed to go. "Ok. Now you can see." He took away his hands and I was met by the sight of a table set up on the pavement right behind the sign. The chairs were next to each other and facing the city. I smiled and Johnny wrapped his arms around me. "You like?" He asked while putting his chin on my shoulder. I could only nod. Johnny laughed and led me to the table. He pulled out my chair for me and I sat down. Johnny sat down next to me. I looked out at the city and shook my head. A smile was on my face.
"It's so beautiful and romantic Johnny. Thank you." I said. Johnny smiled and took my hand in his. He brought my hand up to his lips and he gently kissed my knuckles.
"Anything for you my dear." He said, rubbing circles into the back of my hand. "Anything."