
The day after johnny took Samantha sightseeing, they started filming. Johnny was up and out of the hotel room before she even heard her alarm go off. He had carried her back up to their shared suite the night before since she fell asleep in the limo and she had woken slightly to ask him to stay with her. He had. But now he was on set trying to talk Tim into helping him make the experience an easy and great one for her.
"Please Tim. You know as soon as she sees the first scene we are filming she will freak because of the set. Help me out man." Johnny said. He was close to getting on his knees and begging, something he never did. 'Man what is she doing to me?' He thought.
"I'm sorry johnny. It's hard enough to get everything set for today after you two decided it was a good idea to announce your relationship and then promptly go out on a sightseeing date. Cut me some slack. I've been working my ass off to make this a good movie so you don't become box office poison again." Tim said, sticking his finger in johnny's face accussingly. Johnny sighed in defeat.
"Fine. I'll try to do it myself." He said. He walked off and went to his.....Well the trailer he was sharing with Samantha. He wasn't gonna have her use that dirty, tiny one they had. She would share with him. He was about to open the door when he saw Samantha dash past with a robe over her pajamas. Johnny turned and raised his eyebrow. "What the?" He said. Johnny took off after her. He found her in the costume trailer.
"Hi. What's the rush sweetheart?" He asked. Johnny saw she was trying to find her costume to no avail.
"I'm late. I'm late. For a very important date. No time to waste hello goodbye. I'm late I'm late I'm late." She said. Then she groaned. "Why can't I find it?!"
"If you are looking for your costume, it's in our trailer." Johnny said. She looked at him questioningly. "The one they had set aside for you was so small. I'm happy to share mine with you." Samantha smiled then ran out the door.
"Uh........" She said. She had no idea where the trailer was.
"Follow me." Johnny said with a laugh. He held out his hand to her. Samantha took his hand and followed him to their trailer. She saw the costume hanging in the bathroom. She turned to johnny.
"Thank you. But next time please either wait for me to get up or wake me up. I'm so very late and I was so very worried something had happened to you." She said giving him a hug. Johnny sighed.
"Of course. I'm sorry." He said. Samantha nodded then broke away backing into the bathroom. She quickly changed and opened the door. She saw johnny wearing a stained white shirt and dark jeans that she assumed were his and Tim was letting him use as his costume. They were on a tight budget after all. Due to the last few movies johnny had done, Warner brothers weren't giving them a lot of money because they didn't think it would make anything. Tim and johnny were going to try to prove them wrong.
"All ready. Let's go." Samantha said with a smile.