
Johnny led Samantha outside the hotel.
"Come on! Didn't you wanna go see Sherlock's house?" Johnny laughed. Samantha nodded and laughed along with him.
"Yea but do we really have to go now? I thought we were going to relax and then go out." She laughed and fell into step with johnny. He smiled.
"Guess you were wrong love." He said. He led her to a limo that was waiting for them. He opened the door and waited until Samantha had gotten in before he got in. He smiled at her and gave the driver the address. They left the hotel and started towards 221b Baker street.
"I can't believe you are actually taking me there." She laughed. Johnny smiled and kissed her cheek. Samantha smiled and pulled out her phone.
"What's us doing?" Johnny asked. Samantha opened Facebook and showed him. Johnny grew worried. "Love I'm not sure if you wanna be looking on there especially after that press conference." He said. Samantha raised her eyebrow.
"I don't care. I'm gonna look." She said. She looked at her news feed. Her friends had shared several things about the movie and tagged her in it. She laughed when she saw the poster one of her friends found. It showed her and johnny standing with their arms around each other. She shared it and saved it to her phone. Samantha showed it to johnny who smiled.
"I'll send it to you if you want." She said. Johnny nodded and she texted it to him. She kept going through the feed when she came across her name. It was trending. "Oh no." She whispered. She went through the entire trend.
"What's that?" Johnny asked. She handed him her phone. He scrolled through the tee nd just as she had. He looked at her. "I guess my fans actually like you. For once, they don't want to do something to my girlfriend." He smiled and handed her back her phone.
"Yeah. I love how they love my choice of clothing for the conference." Samantha laughed. Johnny smiled. He kissed her cheek again. Samantha smiled. She leaned up and kissed Johnny. He smiled and kissed back. Both were glad that the fans had taken well to her and they were glad that they were able to be together without fear of what the fans thought.