
Time had passed kind of quickly since I moved in with Johnny. Our six month anniversary was coming up and I had no idea what I should do. Should I get him something? Should I make him something? Just do whatever? Do it with him? I didn't know. I was becoming a mental wreck. He was my first boyfriend and I had no clue what so ever about how to do these things. I knew he'd been hurt terribly in the past and I know I wanted to be the one to end it all. I wanted to be the one he stayed with for the rest of his life. But I didn't know how anything would play out. I didn't know how to secure that spot as my own. Nothing would prepare me for this. As the day ticked closer and closer, I settled on buying him a new guitar and making him something I swore I would never make again; a painting. Not just of anything. Of an old fashioned microphone. I knew Johnny loved those kind of things. That was one of the reasons we got along so well. Once I had finished his painting, there was only a day left. I had picked up the guitar and hid it under the bed. I was actually kind of surprised Johnny hadn't found it.

Something else that had started to happen was we shared a bed. After that one night when he had gotten drunk, I couldn't sleep alone anymore. And neither could he. I thought it was kind of sweet. Tim had contacted Johnny and told him that about a week after our anniversary, we had to start the press conferences and tour the world and such. Johnny was fine, I mean he's done this a bunch of times, but I was a nervous wreck. Johnny thought it was sorta cute but I had different ideas entirely. Today was one of those days where I was just about ready to have a nervous breakdown. I had pretty much locked myself in Johnny's "study" which was the room with all the props. I had found a huge tv in there and I was currently curled up in the wonka chair (which actually was very comfortable) watching some movie with Johnny and Marlon brando. Not sure which one it was though. I heard knocking on the door and I paused the movie. Groaning, I opened the door.

"Hello to you too babe. Why are you locked up in here?" Johnny asked. I sighed.

"Avoiding a nervous breakdown." I said as I turned and walked back to the chair. I curled up in it again and actually looked at the screen since I paused it. I had to mentally remind myself not to drool over a shirtless young Johnny when I had the real thing right next to me. Johnny came over and grimaced when he saw the screen.

"Don Juan de Marco." Johnny said. I nodded although I hadn't known until now. "Wonderful." Johnny said sarcastically. I suppressed a giggle. "What's so funny? Huh?" Johnny asked as he pretty much attacked my sides. I curled up even more trying to lessen the space he had to tickle me all the while trying to stay in the chair. I gave up and fell to the floor laughing. Johnny was grinning down at me as he tickled me. Soon he started laughing as I tried and failed too tickle him back. I felt Johnny straddle my waist and I felt my cheeks heat up even more. I could tell Johnny was concerned he was overstepping his boundaries. Not to say he was but we had set ground rules like I hadn't wanted to do it with him until after we were married but I would consider it if he gave me a good enough reason. And to tell the truth, I liked him on top of me like that. Soon I was out of breath and Johnny could tell. He slowed down and stopped. He stayed on me and I gazed up at him from my position on the floor. We smiled at each other and Johnny leaned down and pecked my lips quickly.

"I actually like Don Juan de Marco. I don't see the problem." I said. Johnny chuckled.

"I just don't like it  because I'm in it. I thought you'd know that." Johnny said. I shrugged. "Anyway, I figured since its late I should get you so you can sleep. You know that thing that where you get in bed with me and we cuddle and then go unconscious." Johnny joked. I giggled and shook my head.