
"Hello little girl, hark and hush the birds are singing sweetly" Samantha jumped as her alarm went off. She looked at the time and got out of bed. She ran to her closet and grabbed her clothes that she had put out the night before. She quickly dressed and ran to her kitchen. She grabbed a quick breakfast as she waited for the car that would take her to the airport. There was a honk outside and Samantha went to the door, grabbing her bags on her way out. She walked to the car and was shocked to see Johnny leaning against the car.
"Morning!" Johnny said. Samantha looked at him.
"Morning." She answered. "Why are you...."
"Why am I the one to pick you up? Well it's cuz I offered to. We have the same flight from the same place to I figured why not. Plus I would get to see you again." Johnny said as he took her bags and put them in the trunk of his car. He opened Samantha's door and closed it once she got in.
"Well it's great to see you again Johnny. I was glad you called yesterday. And I think I'll take you up on that offer to help you unpack sometime." Samantha said once Johnny got in the car.
"Next time you are LA give me a call and we can." Johnny said as he started the car. The drive to the airport was a quiet one. Johnny got their bags from the trunk and they checked in. Once they were through security, Johnny offered to buy Samantha breakfast. She agreed.
"So what have you been up to since we saw each other last?" Samantha asked. Johnny smirked.
"Not much. Rehearse, helped a friend open a club which I also own, and well became single." Johnny said. Samantha nodded.
"Other than becoming single it all sounds fun." She said.
"I guess. What about you?" Johnny said. Samantha smiled.
"Packed, rehearsed, hung out at a club which just opened, and talked to you a few times." Samantha said.
"A club? Wouldn't take you for the type of person who would go to a club. Which one?" Johnny said with a laugh.
"The viper room. And why wouldn't I go to clubs?" Samantha said laughing.
"That's my club!" Johnny said. "When did you go?"
"The whole week it opened. You never answered my question." Samantha said.
"Well you just seem like someone who would rather have her nose in a book than someone who would love the pounding music, dim lights, and crowd that a club has. I guess I figured you wrong." Johnny said, playing with a bit of the breakfast he bought at McDonald's. Samantha laughed and took a sip of her tea.
"I guess you did. What else did you figure about me?" She asked. Johnny pushed a bit of pancake into a pool of syrup and shrugged.
"I figured you weren't someone who was fully.....well here. Like you were half in the real world half in some fantasy. Hence the books. Not to mention you love movies. And I guess just the fact you love into the woods and Peter pan and Alice in wonderland and doctor who and Edward scissorhands just seemed to be a sign you are different than most. You believe in things but what those things are I don't know." Johnny answered. Samantha smiled.
"You are right. You just would have to add books into that whole thing." Samantha said, reaching across the table to put her hand on his. Johnny looked up from his food and smiled.
"Thanks. How do you figure me?" Johnny asked.
"Well you are a bit off, like different things. Obviously that's why you do Tim Burton movies. And you like it. You like to do things most don't: read, play guitar, clubs, things like that. Odd mixtures and such. You believe in things like me. You know what I believe in, you just need to think about it." Samantha said. Johnny smiled and she smiled back.