
Johnny and I were laying in front of the fireplace in his study, just enjoying each other's company. I had my head on his chest and his arms were wrapped around me. The tv was on quietly in the background. We had fallen asleep several times already it was so quiet and peaceful. I started to sit up when Johnny complained.

"Why?" He whined. I giggled and sat up. I looked back at him and his nose was scrunched up. It was adorable to say the least.

"My hungry that's why." I said and stood up. I turned to look at Johnny. He was still lying on the floor. "Want anything?" I asked. He nodded and I rolled my eyes. "Besides me." Johnny pouted and sat up.

"Then no. But hurry." He said. I saw him slip a hand into his pocket and I turned away curious. I went to the kitchen and found the ice cream. I grabbed two spoons because I knew Johnny. The second I showed up with this he'd want some. I headed back to his study and Johnny picked me up. I giggled and rolled my eyes. Typical Johnny.

"Johnny careful. I have ice cream." I said. He set me down and I went to the mini fridge he had and put the ice cream in there. I set the spoons down and turned back around. I gasped and almost fell to my knees. Johnny was on one knee with a ring in his hands. He was smiling nervously at me. "Oh my God." I whispered. Johnny took a deep breath.

"If you, at any time, feel like you can't do this, tell me and I'll stop." He said. I nodded. Johnny took a deep breath and started. "We've been together for a little over six months and I keep falling in love with you every day. We've had our ups and downs but we've always made it through them together. I'm lucky to have you by my side. But I'm afraid you'll leave me. The other day showed me just how afraid I am. I love you. I'd die for you. I don't want to worry about how long you are gonna stick around. But I do. I think I have a solution but I can't help but think it may be too early to ask you. But here goes anyway. Samantha, I love you and want to be with you forever. So will you make me the luckiest man on earth and be my wife?" Tears appeared in my eyes and I didn't know what to say.

"Johnny.......I......I love you but I don't know........" I whispered. Johnny nodded.

"I knew you'd be unsure. I'm prepared to wait as long as I need to." He said. I nodded and started to pace.

I loved him with all my heart but recent events made me wonder if we'd make it as a married couple. Sure he always fixed everything, my worries, my fears, all of it. But sometimes he caused them. Then again, every couple fights. We haven't fought that often. My heart was pushing me to say yes but my mind said no, wait. I took a deep breath and turned back to Johnny.

"I've thought it over. We have had ups and downs. We've fought but we've gotten through it. I love you and I want to be with you forever. Your fears that I will leave have got to be nothing like my fears that you will leave. I agree that those worries need to go. For the third time since I've met you and the second time in my life, I'm listening to my heart. I will marry you." I said. Johnny smiled and stood up.

"I'm glad to hear that." He whispered. "Can I have your hand?" He asked. I put my hand in his and Johnny slipped the ring onto my finger (http://s9.thisnext.com/media/largest_dimension/A08518EB.jpg). I giggled when  I saw the ring. "What?"
