
Three months had passed since the audition and Samantha was packing her bags. She looked around her room to see if she missed anything. Her walls still held most of her posters.  There were the beatles, Paul McCartney, Robert Downey Jr., Sweeney Todd, finding neverland, Peter pan live, and quite a few Johnny depp posters still hanging up. She checked her bag one last time. "Shirts, jeans, sneakers, class ring.....wait where......Oh yeah I'm wearing it. Sweeney Todd, transcendence, 21 jump street, breakfast club, iron man, avengers, fright night.........straightener, shampoo, body wash, camera, phone, doctor who, TARDIS, wallet, passport.........three Johnny posters, corpse bride, Mary poppins, Jack reacher posters.......I think I'm good." Samantha said. "Phone is charging. All is good." She sighed and fell on her bed. It was the last night before  she had to leave for London to start filming. Samantha rolled over and turned on her iPod. Contagious by avril lavigne started blarring. Samantha smiled and rolled back over. Closing her eyes, she thought back to the day of her audition. After Johnny had gotten her to stop crying they went to a little cafè she knew where he wouldn't get bothered by paparazzi. They talked like old friends. She learned he had no clue how much longer he wanted to act but he felt like his fans just didn't like what he was doing anymore. She had tried to convince him otherwise and told him about her childhood. By the time Johnny had to leave, they were really good friends. Samantha smiled as she recalled what happened next.
*flashback*
"I had a lot of fun today." Johnny said, standing up. Samantha stood up too.
"So did I. Kinda sad it has to end though." She smiled sadly. Johnny nodded then smirked. "What?"
"You got a phone?" He asked knowing the answer.
"Of course." Samantha said, taking out her phone.
"I'll give you my number. This way we can hang out again before filming." Johnny said getting his own phone out. They swapped numbers and each went on with their lives.
*end flashback*
She had only heard from him twice in the three months they hadn't seen each other. Samantha jumped when she heard the pirates of the Caribbean theme. She smiled, recognizing it as the ringtone she gave Johnny. Falling off her bed, Samantha grabbed her phone from where it was charging and answered it.
"Johnny!" She answered.
"Hi love. Sorry it's been so long for me to call. So tomorrow huh?" Johnny said.
"Yeah I know. Kinda intimidating for me. Where you flying out from?" She asked, silently hoping he'd fly out from Chicago like her.
"Midway. What about you?" He answered.
"Same! Hope we are on the same flight. There are some things I'd like to talk to you about." Samantha said.
"Oh?" Johnny said.
"In the script weirdo." Samantha laughed. Johnny joined in.
"Oh! Sorry I'm trying to pack. I hate this so much." Johnny sighed.
"Yeah me too. What's worse: packing or unpacking?" Samantha asked.
"Both are pretty bad." Johnny muttered. Samantha smiled.
"Same." She answered, laying on her bed again.
"I think I still got bags from Edward scissorhands packed in storage somewhere." Johnny laughed. Samantha laughed.
"Seriously?" She could hardly get it out in her laughter.
"Yep. Wanna come over some time and you and me can try and unpack it?" Johnny said.
"Sure. But only if it were that easy. I hope you know I'd probably run off with a few shirts or props or something." Samantha joked back. They talked for about an hour then hung up as the both needed to sleep.
"If only it were that easy." Samantha thought before she fell asleep.