
AN: there is smut in this chapter. Also thank you for holding in there while I try to balance school and writing these stories along with my nonexistent life. Please enjoy.
-----------------------------------------
"Yes."

Johnny just stared at me sitting in his lap.

"I'm.....I'm sorry........What?" Johnny asked. He was clearly surprised.

"Yes." I said. Johnny still just sat there and I started to wonder if I made the right choice when I noticed his cheeks were pink again. "Johnny, I just agreed to have sex with you. Isn't that what you've wanted for months?"

"Yeah but you've always said that you were gonna wait til we were married. I didn't expect.............to say that now..............after that fight...........Why now?" Johnny asked. He was clearly flustered and probably embarrassed. I smiled at my lap.

"I figured I'd say yes because of the fight. You've been trying to make it up to me so I thought I'd make it up to you. Plus......I kinda wanna see what it's like." I whispered the last part. Johnny smirked. "You've read my diary." I said.

"Yeah. Why do you think I've asked you so often? I thought you'd jump at the chance to tie me to the bed." Johnny said. I blushed when I realized what he was referring to. I blame mortdecai.

"I would yes. But I didn't. But when you asked and I finally said yes, I thought you'd jump at the chance as well. But you didn't." I said. Johnny leaned his head against mine.

"Look, I just need to know that this is what you really want. I'm not gonna go through with this is you don't want to or you are afraid to. I can wait if that's what it takes. I love you so much. I can wait." He said. I smiled and kissed him. Our lips moved against each other. This time when Johnny ran his tongue along my bottom lip, I wasn't afraid of what would happen. Johnny pulled away slightly to smirk at me.

"What?" I asked. Johnny just sat there smirking at me.

"I remember a time when you didn't even want to do that. And look at you now." Johnny said. I blushed and Johnny kissed my cheek. "You are too adorable." He leaned in and kissed me again. It started to turn heated and Johnny stood up. I wrapped my legs around his waist as he walked towards the stairs. He carried me up the stairs and the second we reached the second floor, Johnny set me down. Our lips were still locked together. Johnny played with the hem of my shirt and I let him take it off. I unbuttoned his shirt and ran my hands up his shoulders, pushing his shirt off. Johnny pulled me close and started to kiss my neck. I felt him press against me and I giggled.

"Do I have an affect on you Johnny?" I asked. Johnny stopped kissing my neck and I felt him laugh.

"I think that speaks for itself." He said and went back to kissing my neck. I moaned and my head fell back. Johnny's hand was at the back of my  neck so he caught it. "Someone's enjoying this." I moaned again and started to work on Johnny's belt. My hand brushed against him and I felt Johnny's sharp intake of breath against my neck. I smirked and hadn't realized we'd reached our room. Johnny quickly opened the door and kicked it closed behind us. Then he pushed me against it. "Are you absolutely sure that you want to do this?" Johnny asked. His hands were pressed against the door on either side of me. I gently touched his cheek and nodded.