
AN: so this is my first official fan fic on here. I'm on quotev more often so follow me there I'd you want. I'm Samantha depp there. Hope you all enjoy! Oh and Stand by me is my own creation. Everything else I'm only borrowing with every intent on giving back to the rightful owners.
Chapter one: I've got you
Samantha was running late. Like really late. She ran down the street to the theater for the auditions for the new Tim Burton movie Stand By Me. As she ran, tears gathered in her eyes and her short brown hair got pushed back even more than how she combed it back earlier. "I should never have gone to that concert last night. Even if I did see Johnny depp. It cost me way too much." She thought as she rounded the corner. Finally reaching the theater, Samantha opened the door to see the stage half empty. "Shit! I've missed it! I've ruined my shot and for what? An impulsive concert ticket buy in hopes that your favorite actor would show and you got lucky and now you ruined your only chance at being in a movie!" Scolding herself, she turned to leave.
"Miss? Are you here to audition?" A voice asked. Samantha whirled round.
"Yes I am. Am I not too late?" She said, her voice full of hope. The man shook his head.
"You actually are very early. Like you are the first one here." The man, who turned out to be Tim Burton himself, said. Samantha smiled and ran up onto the stage. "So who are you auditioning for?"
"I'm auditioning for Clara." Samantha said. She could have sworn she heard him go wow. She took a deep breath and started to recite her lines. "But honestly, I don't want you to go."
"And why not? You said yourself, you are fully capable of taking care of yourself. Why should I stay after everything you said?" Another voice said from behind her. Samantha shivered. Whoever this guy was, he was good. Really good.
"I know what I said. And at the time I meant it. But now......I'm not so sure what I think. Or what I want. All I know is I want you to stay. I want you to stand by me and never let me fall. Please don't leave me." Samantha continued. She fought everything in her. She wanted to turn around so bad. She wanted to see who this new man was but didn't want to mess herself up. Somehow, she stayed facing Burton.
"And then what? When you are done, when you are bored you throw me away like a toy?" This man really was good. The way he was reciting the lines made Samantha almost turn around. She stopped herself just in time.
"No. I stand by you. And you stand by me. Until the very end. Because you know something? I'll never get bored of you." Samantha said. She was stopped before the next line by Tim clapping. The man behind her started to clap too. Samantha raised an eyebrow. She couldn't comprehend what was happening.
"You are the first audition. And I think the last. Congratulations miss hoffman, you have the part." Tim said. Samantha smiled.
"Thank you. Thank you so very much. You won't regret this. I'm sure of it. I'll do my very best." Samantha stuttered.
"Tell me, do you know who the lead actor is in this movie?" Tim questioned with a smile. Samantha nodded and smiled.
"Of course. He is the reason I'm here in the first place. In my opinion, he is the greatest actor ever. I grew up on him and its been my dream since I was young to work with him. You just made my dream come true for which I thank you. Mr. Burton, that man is Johnny depp." Samantha said. Not once did she stutter like she thought she would. She was shaking but not stuttering. She smiled at that little thought. Tim nodded. He was smiling and Samantha just thought it was because she got it right. Never in a million years was she prepared for the arm around her shoulders or the voice next to her ear or the words she heard next.