
"I love your hair. Reminds me of all the times you played characters with blonde hair." Samantha giggled.
"Which one most right now?" Johnny asked. Samantha thought.
"I forget the character's name but astronaut's wife." Samantha said. Johnny laughed.
"To be honest, I think this suit is from that. I kinda just found it in the closet. Do you think it was Tim?" Johnny asked. Samantha shrugged.
"Anything is possible." She said. Johnny smiled at her. She smiled back and giggled. Shaking her head, she looked around the restaurant.
"What is it?" Johnny asked. Samantha looked back at him.
"First, your smile is so damn contagious. Second, this is amazing. Third, I can't believe you did this for me." She said. She smiled as the song by Avril lavigne started playing in the background. Johnny laughed.
"I doubt mine is Samantha. It's your smile that's contagious. You asked me to get your mind off you know what so I am. One night with me to get your mind off anything bad." Johnny said. Samantha blushed.
"That's really sweet Johnny. Thank you so much. It's working." Samantha said. Johnny nodded.
"I know it is. I can tell. You are back to being the girl I fell in love with." Johnny smiled. He tried to catch her eye but she avoided looking at him. Johnny frowned. "What's wrong?" He asked. Samantha finally looked up and Johnny saw her tears. He carefully reached across the table and wiped them away.
"It's just no one has ever done something like this for me before. Not even Jessica. The most she did to help me get my mind away from the dark side I guess was marathon your movies. This is the most considerate, sweet, romantic thing anyone has ever done for me." Samantha said. Johnny made a sound that sounded like 'oh'. He moved is hand away from her face and went to hold her hand, almost knocking the candle over in the process. "Careful Johnny." Samantha giggled. Johnny turned a slight red from embarrassment. He rubbed his thumb over samantha's hand absentmindedly. Samantha watched as his thumb moved back and forth across the back of her hand. She looked up and caught his eye. Johnny was smiling almost sadly at her. But it wasn't from pity or even sadness for what she had done. He was smiling sadly because he saw someone like him in so many ways that it was almost unbelievable. They were both broken and he made a vow to fix her. Little did he know that she was making the same vow at the exact same time.