
My name is Lucy Reese i just graduated high school and I'm moving in with my friend, Hayley, she lives in England. She moved there after she graduated, so last year we were apart from each other. We skyped a lot and talked on the phone but mostly we texted each other.We weren't able to contact each other that much because our times have a 7 hour difference I think. And since I'm turning 18 in a month or so I'm going ahead and moving there. Hayley nearly made my ears fall off for how much times she begged me to go. So I finally agreed last week."Are you sure your alright?" My mother spoke very weakly like she was gonna cry any second. I opened my mouth but instead I just nodded because the intercom interrupted me "LAST CALL FOR FLIGHT 182 TO ENGLAND." Tears fell down my face as I hugged my mother. She kissed me on the head and I walked in the doors the lead to the plane.When I sat down in my seat they started to give out those boring instructions. While they were giving everyone the instructions I glanced at my outfit and my hair. My beautiful brown hair fell a few inches under my shoulder and it was lightly curled. I had on a loose crop top with a pair of lips on it then I had white shorts with sandals. Its a shame barely anyone could see me in this flawless outfit.When they were done with the instructions I fell asleep. I got no sleep last night because of Hayley texting me non-stop. I woke up and it seemed like I slept for 2 hours. When will this flight get exciting? I thought to myslelf in my head then I looked at my left and saw a really cute boy. Shit. His blue eyes were a glistening blue I've never saw on a guy before. He was wearing a pair of blue beats while watching a movie on the screen above him. (If you didn't know beats are headphones) then I realized that I had the exact same headphones! He glanced at me when I looked away and he tried to hide his smile."Hey I'm Cole" he said in a deep British accent. He.was.hot. that's all I had to tell him, but instead I just said "hi I'm Lucy" I tried to say it sweet and I did the sweet voice perfectly. "Soo...." He said fading away "what brings you to England?" I could tell in his voice that he was nervous to speak to me. Why would he be nervous...to speak to me? "I'm moving in with a friend" I think I spoke to quick.He stared at me for about five minutes smiling. Dam hes so cutee I thought to myself. His teeth were perfectly straight and white. "What about you?" I finally broke the silence. He shook his head like he was in a trance or something. "Uh... Just moving back home to finish college." I winder what college cuz I'm going to a private university once I get there. Did I forget to tell you that my mom is filthy rich?"What college?" I felt so stupid invading half of his privacy "Because I am going to a private college once I get settled in to my new place" his eyes lit up "there is only one private college in all of england and I'm going to it" he smiled "so I will see you around?" He looked behind him cuz a kid kicked his seat then he looked back at me "at the college of course" I nodded and ate some peanuts the flight attendant gave me
"10 MINUTES TIL LANDING" the intercom said. I texted hayley.
Lucy: heyyy met a cute guy on the plane that's going to my college :)
Hayley texted me back in a matter of minutes
Hayley: OMG are you kidding?!?! Its obviously fate ;)
Lucy: yeah yeah save that shit til I get off the plane I hope Ur waiting cuz 10 minutes til landing XD
Hayley: OK see u then :)))
Hey guys its the writer baileyyyyy now I know that this was a short chapter but it was just the beginning and I don't check my writing so sorry if there are any errors but I hope u like the story!:) and I'm hoping someone will make me a cover for the book cuz I honestly don't know how the cover should be XD now go eat a cookie and drink a milkshake guys and the picture is Lucy's crop top. Vote and comment please :)