
PrologueKorey's POV
My name is Korey. Since the day I was born my life has been hell. For fourteen years I have gone through abuse, both physical and emotional. My mother would treat me and my older brother Aaron like crap. Our dad was the only person who helped us, but he left because my mom made his life worse than ours. It wasn't just my mom it was my entire family. They loved Aaron though, he was a king to them.
My mom had two more kids with two more men. She did what she did to my dad, take the kids and get rid of the Guy. The younger kids were treated like royalty by my mom, me and Aaron loved them still. Soon after I turned fourteen my mom finally died. My moms family took Aaron and our siblings, but I was sent to a Foster home.
There were six other kids in the house, they all acted like I wasn't there. I didn't care though, I had the yogscast.End of prologue
I've been in this hell for two freaking months, it's gotten worse since I came here. My 'siblings' completely ignore me I haven't spoken at home or at school since I got here. They don't tease me, but they could I am chunky, have so many medical issues, and I am slower than one mile per hour when I run, they just ignore me.
My Foster parents try to get me to talk but I just stare at them. I never did talk a lot before, but I was never this quiet. Back to the story.
I woke up feeling very tired. I look at my phone it's six in the morning. One hour before school, I walk to my dresser and get dressed, then I go to the bathroom and brush my teeth and take shower. I stop to look at my appearance, the only things that I like are my bright blue eyes and my pure white hair. Everything else is horrible, I'm fat, short and my teeth are crooked and I have an underbite.
I look away and go back to my room and take my many pills. I go downstairs to breakfast. Everyone else is already up, my Foster mom smiles at me I don't return it.
"Good morning buddy", my Foster dad says to me. I just sit down and start to eat my eggs, I look over to my Foster siblings three boys, John, Drake, and Andrew, and three girls Sierra, Drew, and Jo. They all say nothing to me, or show any sign that I am in the room. "Korey, are you ready for school?", asks my Foster mom. I say nothing, just continue to eat, she knows I have everything ready, I always do. "Please say something.", dad demands. I stop eating, go to my room to get my coat, it is November first tomorrow, and my bag then go to school twenty minutes early.Eight Hours Later
After a long day of Science, Acting, Law Class, and Spanish I finally went home. I am glad that none of my siblings go to my school. They all go to Aaron's which is a public school. Mine is the top school, we rely on graded so much we don't have any sport programs. Just academic clubs and I'm not a part of any.
I go home and find my laptop, my Foster parents give them to all new kids, I go to YouTube and check out the yogscast videos, there a ton of new videos out from all of them. I watch all of them, but what I'm really waiting for is Sjin's videos. He's my favorite yogscast member and he always will be, as long as he keeps being the way he is.
After watching all of the videos, I decide to take a walk. Nothing says Halloween like going for a walk at night.Two Hours Later
I've been walking around for so long, my feet are so sore. I look up for the first time in awhile, it's night time and all around me is a forest. Gosh, I must have been really occupied, heart shattering pain can do that I guess. I'm snapped out of my thoughts when I hear footsteps, I look around in the dark and see nothing. I start to walk home, it must be really late, then I hear more footsteps and the snap of a stick. I look around, no one is there, then I realize the steps are coming towards me and they haven't stopped.