
Brooklyn
Two years later
"This is my...old friend..."
"Shaun! Seriously stop messing around I have to get back to filming that's me right there!" I struggled to get out of my boyfriends arms, he had a firm grip on me and wasn't letting go. "One last kiss before you go?" He begs and I just laugh and peck his lips. "There now let me go so I can finish filming." I giggle and he dramatically sighs. "I'm gonna head to your place see you after?" He asks and I nod my head. "Sure thing baby." I peck his lips and he releases me and I walk back to the set of my music video.
"Alright Ronnie let's go." I pull my co star onto the set. "That's me right there, yeah that's me right there." The music booms through my ears as Ronnie grabbed my hips and swayed it to the Rhythm of the beat. "yeah that's my man." The track sings, and I do the dance moves I had been rehearsing for weeks. "That's a wrap!" I herd the director shout and I turn to hug Ronnie.
"Good Job Ronnie, it was nice to work with you, now if you excuse me, my boyfriends waiting for me." I giggle and Ronnie nods. "Ok, tell Shaun I said hi!" Ronnie grabs his bag and heads out. I grab my phone an call Shaun.
"Hey Babe, you done?" Shaun's voice booms through the phone. "Yeah, I was thinking about heading to the pizza place by our house, if you wanna drive there, I'll take a cab and meet you there?" I ask. "Yeah sure that sounds fun." He says and I smile. "Alright I'll see you later babe." I hang up the phone and call a cab to the pizza place.
Life has changed dramatically for me. two years ago, in June, after I graduated high school I was offered a record deal in LA. I took it and worked on releasing new music. Since then I had a mixtape and I am now releasing my EP. Crazy just two years ago I thought I would be spending my summer with the one I thought would be my forever, and now I'm here with someone new.
Of course I still think about him, he's everywhere. It would be hard not to, I atleast see him on something once a day. To say I didn't miss him would be a lie, I did miss him, he was once the love of my life. The one I thought I'd be forever with. But he choose his music career over me, and I'm completely fine with that, I want him to succeed and if he had to leave me behind then it's ok. Just sometimes I wonder what would have happened if I was with him...
"Alright Ms.Santiago, here we are that'll be 2.50 please" the driver turns, I reach in my purse and grab a ten dollar bill and hand it to him. "Keep the change." I blow a kiss before exiting the cab and making my way over to the pizza place. I grab my phone and text Shaun.
"Oh I'm so sorry." I mentally face palm myself for not paying attention. "No, No it's cool." A familiar voice answer, I slowly left my head. "Justin?" My voice cracked when I said that. Shit get yourself together, don't show weakness. "Brooklyn?" His eyes widen, and I shyly smile. "Yeah that's me.." Justin just chuckles. "Still the same you, and you look good." He almost went for a hug but hesitated when he saw the paparazzi across the street.
"Soo how are you doing?" Justin shoves his hands in his pocket and I just shrug. "Eh I'm doing fine, just release my EP and finished my music video. What about you?" I ask waiting for his response. "Well I'm fine , working on this new tour, trying to find a new opening act." He shrugs and I nod, I wanted to say maybe I'd open up for him, but being on the same tour as him would probably be too hard. "That's great.." I shyly smile.
"Babe?" Oh my god, Justin was dating Selena Gomez? She was like the Britney Spears of today. I absolutely adored her, but I kind of felt a pinch of jealously. Her holding on to what used to be mine, but I knew I'd never get him back. I mean she's stunning, and I'm...me... Although people have told me that I looked like her, but that's not the point, she's just amazing and I'm...me. "Whose this?"she raises an eyebrow at me.