
"Wake up Lena.." Jeff gently shakes me out of my sleep. "Here." He hands me a tray with scrambled eggs and waffles on them.
I smile at him. "Thank you, you didn't have to do this."
"Well I want you to rest up for a couple days." Jeff tells me. "And I like cooking, anyways."
"Well this is very kind of you." I say, sitting up in bed.
"Don't say that." Jeff says, crossing his arms. "I'm not kind." He mimics my voice.
"You're kind to me." I smirk, fully aware I'm annoying him. "Why are you kind to me?" I ask, taking a bite of my waffles.
"I don't know." He shrugs.
"Well there has to be some kind of reason. I mean, You're a serial killer for god sake's. You're not just nice to anyone." I say as I chew.
"Did anyone ever tell you it's rude to speak with your mouth full?"
"You're stalling, Jeffrey." I cross my arms.
"I really don't know Lena, I guess it's because You're so accepting of all of this." He finally answers.
"Yes, but you didn't know how accepting I was when you found me on the street. Why didn't you kill me?" I ask.
"You ask a lot of questions, Lena." Jeff says, his tone becoming more angry. "can't you just eat your goddamn breakfast?" He stands up and exits the room.
Last night we were communicating so well. He was opening up to me, and just like that, I get shut out. I don't know what to do about him, how am I supposed to trust him when he doesn't trust me? Who am I kidding, I trust him way more than I should for someone I've only known three days. A serial killer I've only known for three days, I might add.
Jeff's POV
I don't know how she gets into my fucking head like that. I don't know where she gets that ability, to make me want to tell her things I wouldn't even tell my closest friends. She does something to me. And I hate that I feel so attached to her. Why do I feel so goddamn attached to her? She's just a girl. I've met far more attractive, far more intelligent women Who haven't even gotten close to making me feel the way Lena does. And it's only been three days. Three fucking days. After she hugged me in the motel, something in my head make me want to protect her. To Care for her. And I still don't understand how she did this. The only person I've ever wanted to protect in my life was my brother. And I killed him. So what the hell is this girl doing to me. This random girl I found on the streets three days ago.
I hear a knock on my bedroom door. I sigh and roll out of bed, not bothering to put a shirt on. I open it to see Lena holding the tray.
"Sorry to bother you," Her soft voice starts. "But what do you want me to do with the dishes?"
"Uh," God, my voice sounds like I smoke 3 packs a day. "Just put them in the sink I'll wash them later."
"I can wash them, thank you." She nods and walks away.
I close my door and go back to bed. Hello what I've never thought about, she only gets violent when provoked. Me? I get aggressive at random times, doesn't matter where IM or what I'm doing I just get aggressive for no apparent reason. So do most of the killers I met, aggressiveness is just in their blood. But Lena? Only when provoked. The rest of the time she is calm and collected Lena, sweet and innocent. Almost like a wolf in sheep's clothing. Because I've seen it, and when she is set off, she turns insane. Catastrophically mad. When she gets into blood lust mode, She's worse than I am. I could control it if I really want to do, she can't. It's like animal instinct in Lena. That's something I've never seen.