

"I'm going out." He says, walking out. I know what he's going to do.
"In the morning? Not smart Jeff.." I advise following him down the hallway.

"Shut the fuck up Lena." He says before leaving.

I began to say something but quickly decide against it. I follow far behind him just to watch him stomp out of the house in daylight. My stomach churns at the idea of Jeff getting arrested, as well as me.

I walk out into the living room to see Wyatt still doing as told, sitting on the couch, watching TV. "He's just a big baby." Wyatt says not taking his eyes off of the television.

"Yes. He is." I cross my arms and go search for cleaning supplies.


Jeff's POV

Fucking shit.

This is bullshit.

That is my fucking house, And I still let her in. I still let that fucking child in! I told her that if he was to stay with us, that child would be her responsibility. Not mine! She has no right to fucking snap on me for not treating him like some fucking Mini-king.

She's lucky I have a couple drops of fucking sanity or she would have been black and blue really fucking quick. She's lucky I walked out when I did.
I don't care if it's the morning, I'm not about to wait around to relieve my stress. I decide to go to the Mexican neighborhood a couple blocks down, the city doesn't really care about it. I doubt they'll be much media coverage of a murder. The neighborhood is super run down, gang violence is super common, nobody will think it out of the ordinary. Lena probably thinks I don't plan murders, they're just spontaneous, and while that might be a bit true, I know where and when to strike so that I never get caught. She probably thinks I'm dumb. How dare she. I'm a fucking genius.

Walking down the street, I make sure my hood and hair cover my face. If anyone were to see me they would surely assume I'm not even human. I can still see slightly through my hair, and I notice that I'm coming close to a group of guys. They look like they're in their teens, tattoos, bandana around the ankle.. shit. A fucking gang. I'm 6'2, but some of these guys tower over me. I don't have the fucking energy to take out 6 guys.

"Hey man.." One of them calls to me. I try to pass them without being bothered, but one blocks me with their arm.

"Haven't seen you around." Another, one of the bigger ones, growls, moving closer to me.

"Because I'm not from this dump." I bark back at them in the most intimidating voice I can deliver.

"Hey, watch how you talk!" A younger kid, not older than 14 or 15 yells at me in an obviously pre-pubescent voice.

"You want to start something, man? Because we can start something.." I hear the familiar click of an opening switch blade.