
Hi, you can call me Brianna this is my first story i really hope you enjoy. Fairy Tail does not belong to me all rights belong to it's real owner! Well here goes nothing the story begins here

Hi my name is Lucy, Lucy Heartfilia i live in a mansion with my mother and my father Jude and Layla Hearfilia, oh yeah and my older brother Luke Heartfilia. I am curently 15 and my brother is 17. My mom and dad dicided that me Luke would go to a school named Fairy Tail academy.
Luke: hey, Lucy do you think i can get all the ladies well i mean i am pretty hot if i do say so myself
Lucy: Yeah hot headed but i guess you can try though
Layla: Com'on you 2 stop teasing each other and get ready now you limo is waiting for you outside do you want to be late on the first day?
Jude: Yes, your mother is right let's go and hurry and Luke watch out for Lucy i don't want girls teasing her because she get's all the boys attention and when she ask for your help, help her do i make myelf clear?
Luke: Yes, dad i wont let no one hurt her as long as she keeps away all those girls that try to flirt with me away!
Lucy: Nope, i wont now let's go we cant be late
Luke: Ugh, fine
As Lucy and Luke hop in the car they start teasing each other on thre way to FTA
Capicorn: Miss Lucy, Sir Luke we are here and please stop teasing each other your in high school now act your age!
Lucy and Luke: Ugh fine
Luke: wow this school is big but i'm not complaning
Lucy: Let's go Luke i can't wait!
Luke: LUCY!! watch where yur going your going to run into that guy behide you
THUD!!!!
Lucy: OW! sorry sir i was not watching where i was going I'm so sorry....
.....?: It's ok! need help up? oh and i'm Natsu,Natsu Dragneel are you new here along with that guy over there?
Lucy: Yes, thanks Natsu Hi i'm Lucy Heartfilia and yes we are new here that's Luke
Natsu: nice to meet you Lucy need help finding your class thinking: wow she is the new girl she is pretty i hope i get to know her better i hope we are in the same homeroom!
Luke: Hey, Natsu nice to meet you Lucy i was wondering why haven't you run away yet? that really surprised me!
Lucy:thinking: yeah why haven't i oh no how come i didnt realize i was talking to a complete stranger he's really hot! (end of thinking) sorry Natsu i have to go i can find the class by myself
with that Lucy ran off
Luke: Hey, i don't think i should of metion it to her sorry Natsu she is really shy.... i think she ran off when she finnally looked at your face she told me once before she runs off only to guys because she does nt want to embarrass herself or she think the guy is hot (facepalm) she is so weird
Natsu: HaHa, she thinks i'm hot well she is really cute i love her eyes shes adorable i hope she is in my homeroom well sorry Luke but i better go i might be late see ya!
Luke: dang i hope he does not try to flirt with her i will kill him if he does i know she's pretty but alot of guys fall over ger like that.... (sigh) i better get to class