
Luke: how the heck can you trust him!!
Lucy: he helped me when i needed it now please go back to class  will i okay
Luke: ok ok ok as long as you feel safe around him if he does anything stupid let me know
Lucy: ok thanks i will i love you Luke thanks for everything
Luke: i love you too Lucy
Natsu: ( did she just say i love you to him but... is that her boyfriend or something hope not)
Lucy: bye Luke see ya later Natsu let's go back to class ( she grabed his hand )
Natsu: ( she i mean we are holdong hands i really happy now) yeah let's go
Levy pov
....?: hmmm... i saw  blond hair girl enter the class with NATSU?!?!?!?! oh yeah her name is Lucy right? she is pretty
Lucy: there is the blue hair girl she sat next to her she said very soflty trying to say hi and try not to think about her shyness..... Hi i'm Lucy Hearfilia what's your name
....?: oh hi Lucy i'm Levy McGarden ( they talk and laugh until the teacher came back with one of the troubled students who also tranfered here from sabertooth academey a week ago just like Lucy but she just came today his name is Sting )
Sting: Lucy? LUCY!! yay i get to see you again
Mr. gildarts: be quite i'm ganna start the lesson sit near Natsu ( Sting shook his head he headed to Natsu Sting looked at Natsu who was giving him the death glare)
After class
Levy: Lu-chan come and i will introduce you to my friends! this is Erza Scarlet, MiraJane Strasus, , Lisanna strasus, Juvia Locksar, Wendy Dragneel, Cana Albrona, Carla (the white cat Wendy's best friend), Evergreen and these are my other friends Gajeel Redfox, Gray Fullbuster, Elfman strasus , Happy ( the blue cat Natsu's bext friend), Loke Lion ( Loke winked at her ) Jallal Ferndas , Laxus , Bixslow ,Freed ( let's just say i introduced everyone you know everyone
Lucy: Hi....... ( Lucy felt uneasy and scrared and just then something flashed back into her mind Natsu saying " Lucy i will alway's protect you" Then Lucy started to run where ever her feet take's her then she found herself in Natsu's arms trying to calm her down) Lucy wispered to Natsu Thank you!
Natsu: Levy what is wrong with you Lucy is very shy i know she will like her friends but right now is not good she shaking from being scared i know she ganna cry soon so why do we introduce them later
Levy: Oops, i forgot i'm sorry Lu-chan
Natsu: shhh.... Lucy calm down hey to make you feel better hang out with me during lunch plus i have to show you something very important
Lucy: All Lucy did was nodded her head as she was sobbing from being startled by the presents of everyone Natsu..... let's go to out next class
Natsu: of course!
sorry if this was boring but it will get good in the next few chapters again sorry but i have to end i hoped you liked the first chapter and sorry if i miss spelled words and some of the Fairy Tail students last name i didn't know how to spell them so i tried my best in the comment tell me ho to spell them thanks bye!!!
