
My eyes widen in the mirror and I realize his intentions. My thrashing becomes more violent and my screams stronger.
He slams my neck on the side on the tub, knocking the breath out of me and I gasp for air. Toby begins to pour bleach over my head, running through my black hair. I shudder each time I feel the bleach burn my scalp. I hear the disturbing sound of his neck cracking.
When he is done, he throws my down on the floor of the bathroom and holds up the handle of his hatchet. "Don't worry, I'm not gonna kill you. But you aren't going to remember any of this."
Toby hits me with the handle of his hatchet, only millimeters away from my eye. I can feel the skin on my face bust open and start gushing blood. He cracks his neck.
And it comes.
The feeling, that feeling of pure hatred and evil.
The mark doesn't even faze me. I want to kill Toby. I want him dead.
But I won't be the one to do it.
Oh no, I'm smarter than that. I snatch his hatchet away from him and slam the handle against his elbow. He instinctively pulls back and I use this moment to scream.
"JEFF! JEFF HELP ME!" I scream as loud as I can.
Jeff appears almost immediately from the darkness into the bathroom.
He is only in loose sweatpants with no shirt but he wastes no time lunging at Toby and throwing him in the tub.
I push myself up against the wall and try to collect myself while Jeff slams Toby's head against the tile. Over and over again.
"Jeff!" I call to him.
He growls and looks over at me.
"I-if you get blood everywhere we'll make it easy for us to get caught. And if you make too much noise the other guests will report us." I tell him.
He quickly thinks over my words, looks at Toby and says; "You don't speak to her! You don't touch her! You leave her the hell alone! Got it?"
Toby nods quickly.
"Get the fuck out!" Jeff snaps and Toby scrambles for his hatchet and then runs out.
Jeff takes deep breaths and then steps out of the tub.
"Take a shower, you don't want that sitting on you scalp for too long. It's already done enough to your hair." He says walking out. I stand up and look in the mirror. My hair is bleach blonde, almost white.
"Oh my god," I gasp.
The gash on my head clearly needed stitches.
I walk out. "Jeff?"
"Yeah?" He asks.
"What do we do about my head?" I ask, pointing at the bloody mess on my head.
"I can patch it up when we get back. It didn't break into your skull or anything." He says, moving closer to me. "How 'bout you just rinse your scalp to make non of the bleach run off gets into the wound."
I nod. "Okay." He nods and turns away. "And Jeff?" He turns back.
"Yes?" He asks, turning back around.
I embrace him in a hug. I don't care that he's shirtless. "Thank you." He reluctantly returns the hug.