
"I-i don't want to kill again, Jeff." I tell him as he packs a bag for me and him.
He ignores me as he shifts through his closet. "You'll have to wear some of my clothes." He says as he stuffs random black clothing into the duffle bag.
"Jeff, didn't you hear me?" I ask him.
"Do you think we'll need snacks?" He asks me, ignoring my question again.
"Jeff! I don't want to do this!" I yell.
"Yes you do!" He yells back only inches away from my face. "We're all killers here, no one is going to judge you if you want this, okay?"
"But I don't."
"You are going to have a good time, Lena. I promise you that."
"We all ready to go?" We both here Toby's voice from outside of the door, along with the cracking of his neck.
"Almost." Jeff replies, looking me directly in the eye, then turning to finish his packing.
Toby walks away. "What's with him always cracking his neck?" I ask Jeff.
"He has Tourettes. And a lot of other things wrong with him."
"Like?"
"He has this condition, something to do with his nerves.. anyway, it takes away his ability to feel pain." Jeff explains.
"I would see that as a blessing."
"Yeah? Well he sees it as a curse."
"Why?" I ask, sitting on the bed.
"Get your ass off of my bed. No one is allowed on my bed." He pushes me off and I fall to the floor.
And something inside me just.. Wakes up.
My heart fills with this crippling rage. I can feel the anger build up inside me as I reach for knife beside Jeff. He tries to grab it, but I am faster. I jump on top of him, ready to stab him, but he fights back and holds my arms in place. I use all of my strength to pierce his heart, but I only graze the skin on his chest. There is still a cut, though. And as soon as I see the blood I begin to laugh like a maniac, just like I did when I killed my father. Jeff eventually gets me pinned down and takes the knife away from me. I'm still laughing. And thrashing around, trying to release myself from his grip.
"Lena, stop!" He yells. "Toby!"
Toby runs into the room to see Jeff straddling me as I continue my violent movements and sickening laughter.
"What the fuck is this?" Toby asks.
"Come hold her down!" Jeff yells.
"Uh, why?" Toby asks again.
"Just fucking do it!" He shouts. Toby quickly takes Jeff's place of holding me down and Jeff holds my face.
"Lena you're okay! No one is going to hurt you! You're okay!" Jeff yells at me. This is so strange. I know what he is saying to me, but it's like I have no control over myself. I need to kill.
"You're okay, goddammit!" He slaps me. Again. And Again, but nothing works.
"She's really fucking strong, man!" Toby says, his voice strained from trying to hold me in place.
"She isn't going to stop until she kills something." Jeff finally realizes.
"There's isn't anyone here for her to kill." Toby says as Jeff stands up and takes the lamp off of his nightstand.
"I know." Jeff says. He takes the lamp and hits me over the head with it.