
I step out of my room and walk to the living room. I've been rolling around in bed all night and couldn't get to sleep. Might as well watch some TV. I click on the television as smile climbs into my lap. I pet him and some cheesy sit-com comes on the screen. I chose to leave the lights off so I wouldn't disturb Jeff.
My uncomfortable realization tonight made it impossible to sleep, I had too many things on my mind. I felt disgusted with myself.
Attracted to a serial killer. You must me truly desperate and sad to stoop that low.
I keep thinking to myself over and over. It's impossible to sleep with those kinds of thoughts running through your head.
I click to a different channel, and the news comes on. My face is plastered all over the screen. My neighbor's give speeches of how brave and independent I was. All possible information is given out on me. My birthday, my favorite color, my middle name, my interests, the name of my fucking cat that died when I was eleven, They've even put out an award for anyone who finds me. There's a hotline for any information on my whereabouts. These people are all convinced I'm the victim. That I'm being held captive by my father's killer.
I can't help but feel scared. Not for me, but for Jeff, What will they do if they catch him? They're never going to believe that I was the one to kill my father, they are never going to believe that Jeff isn't holding my hostage. They'll probably just think i've got stockholm syndrome or something.
I feel the burn of tears in my eyes as I continue to watch this mess of a search. I don't want Jeff to go away. I don't want to be what gets him sent away.
"Lena?" I hear Jeff's husky voice behind me. "What are you doing up at this hour?" He asks me walking closer to me. "Lena, are- are you crying?" He asks kneeling in front of me.
I wipe my tears quickly and shake my head. "No, no."
"Hey, Lena.." He pulls my hands away from my face. "What's wrong? Why are you crying?"
I sigh. "I'm just kind of, Kind of scared."
"Why are you scared?" He asks me.
"The search for me is getting out of hand, They're going to find us, Jeff. I don't want you to go to prison, Jeff, I don't want to be without-" I stop myself before I say anything I'll regret.
It doesn't matter, though. Jeff catches on, but thankfully doesn't acknowledge the creepy thing I just said. "Lena you don't have to worry. I've been doing this for 10 years, I know how to hide."
I shake my head. "They're not going to stop until i'm found or found dead."
Jeff nods and sits for a minute. "Do you really want this to go away?"
I nod.
"I have an idea." He says. And with that he stands up and leaves theroom. I chase after him.
"Well? What's the idea?" I ask Jeff, following him to his room.
"Too much to explain," Jeff says, packing a small bag with random medical supplies and one of my shirts. "I'll be gone for about two days."
"What? No. Jeff, don't go." I grab his arm.
"I'm doing this for you, Lena. Do you want me to stay or end the search?" He asks, slightly annoyed. He jerks my hand off of him.
"Well, can't I go with you?" I ask.
"No, Lena, It's too risky and too advanced for you."
"You said I needed training, right? That I needed to be some type of Apprentice to you? Here's our chance! I mean, most people won't recognize me, I have white hair. And this giant scar right next to my eye." I ramble on. "Please."