
I back away, My knife pointed outward towards them. I count up my odds.
One, two, three, four, five and six guys here. One me.
Only two have knives, they'll come for me first while the rest try to hold me down or take my weapon.
"What the hell is it, man?" One of the younger one asks the armed one beside him.
"I don't know." He looks me dead in the eye.
The other armed one is angry enough to come charging at me before anyone else, what an idiot. In one swift move I push away his hand and force my knife into his chest. He falls to the ground as his friends watch the life leave his body.
"You motherfucker!" The other armed one begins to charge me, a smaller boy following behind him. I smile and kick the armed man in the groin and quickly slash his throat. The smaller one punches me in the head, just enough so I'm disoriented for a bit. Another runs up and kicks me in my shin, I drop to my knees in pain. I see some people staring out of their windows, but no one dares to go outside.
While I'm down I slit the ankle of the smaller boy, causing him to fall back and scream. I laugh a bit, only to get kicked in the head by the last guy. The two that were still standing continued to beat the shit out of me until I couldn't get a clear shot of either one of them and I was coughing up blood.
Fuck, everything was going so well.
They keep kicking me, every hit feeling like another brick to my bones. They're laughing and speaking some shit in Spanish, I'm cursing at them profusely but it doesn't change the fact that I'm getting my ass beat in the middle of the street.
Then, one of the stops. My vision is blurred and I can't hear all that well but, he points behind the other guy and says; "the fuck?"
The other one stops and turns to see what's behind him. "Damn, she cute."
"Hey mama what you doing all alone over here?"
Douchebags.
They're so thirsty for some ass that they stop beating the shit out of me just to cat call some girl.
"I'm here for him."
Lena?
"This little shit?," He points to me. "What business you got fuckin around with this freak."
Lena giggles and bit and walks towards him. I want to jump up and protect her but, everything hurts so fucking much.
Lena runs her hand down his chest, and he smiles this creepy ass smile. every bone in my body wants to run his perverted-ass over with a steamroller, and I kind of want to slap the shit out of Lena too. What the hell is she doing?
Lena bites her lip and leans in to whisper something in his ear. He laughs and puts his arm around her waist.
"Don't you fucking touch her!" I yell out to him, and he steps on my chest which makes me wince.
I'm such a pussy.
Lena bends down and pulls something out of her boot. I catch a shimmer coming from it.
It's a knife.
I smile and watch as Lena digs it into him abdomen. He coughs up blood onto her shirt and her fist collides with his face to make the loudest bone cracking noise I've ever heard. Lena yanks the knife out and shoves it in the throat of the last guy.
She turns to me and holds out her hand. "I'm sorry, truce?" She asks me.
I take her hand and lift myself up. I look her directly in the eye, trying to push out some words that my mind can't put together.