
I quickly walk up the stairs. but I must be quiet. I can't be heard. He'll hear me. He hasn't been back for months, but now that he is, I can't be too careful.
I tip-toe upstairs as quickly as I can, when a board creaks under my feet. My eyes widen and shoot towards his room. Did he hear that? I think to myself. I hear his heavy breathing, he's sleeping. I rush to my room and put my school bag in my closet. I close my door, making sure not to make a sound. I tie my black hair up and crawl into bed to take a nap.
I quickly drift off to sleep.
I open my eyes, and for a moment my vision is blurred, but after a few seconds it clears. My whole room is dark, apart from my alarm clock which reads '12:30'. I had slept for 8 hours. I outstretch my arms in bed as my joints crack. I step out of bed. I'm only wearing a pair of yoga pants and a tank top, but it's what I usually sleep in.
I slip on my knock off Ugg boots and exit my room to get a glass of water from downstairs. I take a glass from the cupboards and get some water from the tap.
"Lena." I here the deep growl of his voice. I drop the glass and turn around.
I remain silent as I stare at him.
"Haven't seen you in months," He comes closer. "How did you manage to keep the house?"
"I got a job." I tell him.
"Look at you, taking care of yourself." He steps closer until we're centimeters away. I shake in fear. "You know I missed you."
I bite my lip as a tear rolls down my cheek. "Oh don't cry baby girl," He wraps his arm around my waist, I look away.
"Please don't do this." I whisper.
"You're all grown up.." He says ignoring my plea. "And what a beautiful woman you've become." He whispers into my neck.
"Dad! Stop it!" I scream as I knee him in the balls. He falls onto is back.
"You little bitch." He groans as I run to the other end of the kitchen. He slowly gets up and rushes towards me. I panic as my eyes search the area for a weapon. I refuse to be abused again, I won't let him touch me like he used to.
I grab the biggest knife out of the holder behind me and hold it up high, he immediately stops his running.
"Hold on, Lena." He backs away as I walk forward.
I get this feeling in my heart. This hatred, a hatred I've never felt. I was never an angry or violent person but right now I felt it coursing through my veins. A feeling that I need to inflict pain, and In a blind rage I jump onto my father and plunge the knife in his stomach. Blood gushes out of the hole as he screams. I begin to laugh- no -cackle at the sight of his panicked face. I drag the knife down, carving a deep line down my fathers abdomen. His entrails become exposed to me, intestines, kidneys, liver, stomach all of that was out in the open. I pull back the knife and place in directly in front of his eye. He's a fighter, he's still awake, but not for long.
I laugh once more and I push the blade into his eye. He last scream echoes throughout the house and probably the neighborhood.
I laugh for a while, and my hatred boils down just enough for me to realize what actually just happened. I killed a man. My dad. The police will never believe that he had be raping me, there isn't any evidence. I decide my only option is for me to flea. I got upstairs and quickly rinse myself off, getting all the blood of my father off of me. Then I change into a black hoodie, black jeans and my converse. I put my bloody clothes and knife in a bag to take with me. I can't leave evidence. I pull my hood over my black hair and exit the house with nothing but the bag and my clothes. It is now 2 AM. No one is outside on the streets. I walk at first, but I as I continue to think back on what I just did, what I left behind, well, I start running. Running as fast as I can. I'm homeless now. I'm a criminal now. But I feel so vulnerable to the world.