
In class with Lucy
Lucy Pov
Lucy: ha finally made it to the class ( Lucy looked in the little glass and gasped) oh no Natsu is here what am i going to do?
Mr. Gildarts: excuse me miss but are you in this clas because i am the teacher
Lucy: Hi, yes i'm in your class i am Lucy Heartfilia the new student i was wondering if you can introduce me to the class i am really shy....
Mr Gildarts: of course! come on in and can you sit next to Loke i will show you where he is
Lucy:ok, Let's go
Mr. Gildarts: Quit, making so much noise we have a new student Lucy Heartfilia please come in and sit next to Loke Lion
Lucy: Ummmm.....ok......
Loke: ( Loke smirked he thought she was beautiful so he stand up walked to Loke grabed Lucy's hand and sat her in the chair next him and pushed her and her desk closer to him) Hi, Lucy i am Loke ( still holding Lucy's hand while smiking)
Natsu pov
Natsu: man, why couldn't she sit here i want to see her beatiful eyes again yet looking over at Loke and Lucy he got agrey seeing Loke keeped holdong her hand. ( Natsu's eye's widen seeing Loke got closer and closer to her face and wishpered to her Natsu used his dragon ear's to hear him clearly " Lucy please be mine always mine" with that Natsu stand up went over to Loke and Lucy and grabed Lucy picked her up bridel style and carried her out the classroom)
Lucy: i quickly opened my eye's when she felt someone picking me up i'd imagined it would be Loke sence he said that but i was wrong she gasped when she saw Natsu she close her eye's tightly until she heard his vioce
Natsu: stay away from him he is a player he tries to hit on so many girls
Lucy: Natsu......
Natsu: yes... what is it?
Lucy: please put me down i wanna go back to the classroom don't worry i will sit next to someone else i will sit next to the blue haired girl just please put me down...
Natsu: why don't you sit next to me? besides you don't know anyone in there but me don't worry i will protect you
LUCY!!!
Luke: put her down Natsu she asked you to put her down twice now
Natsu: your not the boss of me i will put her down when i feel like it so leave us alone now!!!
Luke: I SAID PUT HER DOWN NOW NATSU!!! NOW I CAN'T TRUST YOU SENCE YOU DIDN'T LISTEN! (Luke quikley grabed her from Natsu he held her hand tightly and sighed)
Lucy: As Lucy got down from Natsu she ran torwds Luke and hugged him
Natsu: Lucy during break please meet me in the libray please
Luke: she will not i forbid her from seeing you and you can't change my mind
Natsu: i was not asking you your not the boss off her you can't tell her who see can see and who she can't please Lucy say something
Lucy:......( should i say something i mean he did took me away from Loke i really didn't want to be with him) Luke.... i will meet him besides i trust him please don't worry to much i can also take care of myself too but thanks i apperciate it...
Natsu: (i'm so happy she trusts me!!!)