
"Ouch." I whine as he weaves the thread through my skin.
He chuckles. "I'm surprised you're doing this well. Most people would be screaming."
I smile. "Yes, well I'm no stranger to pain."
"Can I ask you a question, Lena?" Jeff asks, finishing the stitches and cleaning my wound.
"Yes, you may."
"You said that your father was.. evil. How was he evil?" He asks me.
My heart stops. I don't want to have to explain all of this to him, I barely know him.
"I'd rather not say, Jeff." I respond.
He takes a seat in front of me. "If I tell you why I look like.. this. Will you tell me?"
I ponder over his offer. "Yes." I nod, and criss-cross my legs, excited to hear his story.
"Alright." He prepares himself. "It started out with my family moving into a new neighborhood. And me and my brother Liu, we got confronted by these bullies. They got physical quickly, and I jumped in the way to protect my brother. When the fight was over the kids had knife wounds and broken wrists, and I quickly learned that I enjoyed inflicting pain on others. Liu took the fall for me and went to jail or whatever, but he got let out pretty soon there after. Anyways, after the kids healed they came back for another fight. Now this one, this was in front of the whole neighborhood at a kid's party. It got really serious, for some reason no one stepped in to stop us. Then again, even though we were just kids we were battling it out like full forced killers. I wanted them dead, and they wanted the same for me. Somehow in the whole process, a bottle of alcohol cracked over my head and bleach poured over me. The last kid.. I don't quite remember his name, but he was smart. His last dying breaths, he threw a lighter on me and ignited flame. I was literally on fire, the alcohol kept me burning while the bleach, well, bleached my skin. At the hospital, my parents hoped for the best, but when the bandages came off, I had tight, white, leathery skin covering my whole body. I loved it. I thought it fit me quite perfectly. I was.. beautiful. I couldn't stop staring in the mirror and smiling. But after a few days, the smiling started to hurt and I couldn't keep my eyes open forever. So I carved myself a permanent smile, and burnt off my eyelids so I could always see myself." He finishes.
I am shocked. Awestruck. Dumbfounded.
"Woah." Is all I can say.
"What happened to your family? where are they?" I ask, wanting to know more about his past.
"That's a question for another day. Now answer mine." Jeff demands.
"Oh." I nod. "He.. he raped me. Ever since I was 12. My aunt told me that he wasn't always so crazy, that it was only after my mother died that he became so aggressive. But I have no memory of the kind-hearted person my aunt spoke so fondly of. Just a tragic, hateful mess of a human being." I tell him. "Almost every night he would come into my room. Tell me he had a "present" for me. But it was a "secret" and I could never tell anyone because they would think I was a "bad girl" and they wouldn't like me anymore. When I was around 16 my Aunt started taking care of me more and more and my dad was around less and less, but for those 4 years. I was trapped. And I could have gotten out. But I was stupid. I was stupid, I was-"
"Hey, hey, hey.." Jeff says softly. "You weren't stupid. You were scared. None of it was your fault okay? It was that sick bastards fault, every last moment of it. Not all the torture in the world will be enough to punish him for what he did. But you killed him, okay? He's gone and he's never coming back. And no one will hurt you like that again." Jeff holds my hand.
I let out a small, soft laugh. "Because you're going to protect me?" I ask sarcastically.