
"Careful, don't drop her." I hear Jeff say as I open my eyes.
"I got her, Jeff. She's only like 120 pounds." Toby says and cracks his neck. I feel my weight shift as I'm given to one person from another.
"Put her on the bed." Jeff instructs Toby. Toby drops me on the bed.
"Dumbass you don't drop people when they're asleep, now she's awake!" Jeff snaps.
I rub my eyes. "Jeff it's okay I feel better anyways." I sit up.
"Fine. Go get dressed." He demands.
"But I'm already dressed.." I say, confused.
"I mean in black, all black." He says. I nod and walk to the bathroom of the motel room.
I hear Toby click on the TV. As well as the cracking of his neck.
"...and as we continue to investigate the murder of single father, Walter Holt, neighbors are beginning to suspect the murderer might possibly be Walter's daughter, Lena Holt. We go to the neighbors for testimonials." I hear the channel 8 news reporter say as my stomach ties into a knot. I exit the bathroom and sit beside Jeff and Tony who are watching attentively.
"Couldn't have been Lena." My neighbor, June, says to the reporter. "She was a sweet and quiet girl. She would never to anything like this."
"But mam, when Walter's body was found, Lena was nowhere to be seen."
"Yes, but her phone, clothes and everything else was still there, right? And the only think missing from the crime scene was the knife, right? I think that poor girl's father was killed and the murdered took Lena for his own sick reasons." June hissed.
"Well folks, seems as though we have a missing person on our hands." The reporter says with fake sympathy in her voice.
"Yes! Lena is 5'6, has black hair, hazel eyes, and very pale skin. She has a tattoo on her ankle and her wrist." June gives a brief description of my appearance.
"Shit man!" Toby snaps and stands up, cracking his neck. "She's gonna get us caught!" He shouts.
Jeff steps in front of me. "Man we both went through this when we both went 'missing'. It'll blow over we just have to be careful. No killings for her until they think she's dead. We'll go back to my place and hide her, okay?"
"Are you fucking kidding, Jeff? A pretty white girl goes missing? The whole fucking city is gonna go nuts." Toby sighs. "We have to kill her."
"Woah what!?" I ask, shocked and scared.
"You're not going to fucking kill anyone Toby!" Jeff snaps.
Toby looks enraged but then calms down and backs away. "Fine. Fine." Toby looks at me. "Sorry I freaked." He cracks his neck.
"It's.. it's okay." I nod reluctantly.
"So," Toby begins, turning off the TV. "There's two beds. Who's sleeping with who?"
"I'll sleep with Lena," Jeff turns to me. "If that's okay with you."
I shrug and nod.
Toby smiles an unsettling smile and cracks his neck. "Okay."
"We'll leave in the morning." Jeff says to us. "No killings for a while."
_________________
I awake to a hand over my mouth. My instinct reaction is to scream, but my screams are muffled. And Jeff continues to sleep only inches away from me. I try to reach for him but the hand pulls me up and drags me over to the bathroom. as I struggle to release myself from this persons grip, the bathroom is illuminated and I see that the person in the mirror is Toby, with his goggles and mask.