
"I assure you there's no reason to be frightened."
"You're a killer." I point out the obvious.
"As are you." He says. "If I wished to kill you I would have done it by now. Go in, Lena." He demands.
I know the last thing I want to do is anger him so I do as told and climb into the cellar. Jeff climbs in behind me, closing the door behind us and locking it. He pulls a chord on the ceiling and the space is lit. It looks like a fully furnished apartment, except, you know, underground. There's a couch, chairs, a kitchen, a TV, a hall, its looks cozy.
I hear barking come from the back hall as a Siberian husky comes charging at me, but something's off about this dog, it has human teeth. I jump back and Jeff laughs.
"Lena, this is Smile." He introduces me to the eerie looks dog who just stares at me with a wide smile.
"W-what's up with his teeth?" I ask, shaking.
Jeff shoots me a glare. "I already think I've made it very clear that we embrace these kinds of things here." He growls. "There's nothing wrong with you Smile, you're beautiful." Jeff assures his dog as he pets his fur. The dog nudges at my leg. I reluctantly stroke his head, and a smile tugs at the corners of my lips. I like this dog.
"See?"
I nod at Jeff.
"So, let's talk." He says, sitting on his black couch.
"Um, about what?" I ask him.
"Your first kill."
A knot ties in my stomach as I think back on what I did. "Could we not."
"No!" Jeff snaps. My jump a little and even he seems surprised by his little outburst. "We're going to talk about it, Lena."
"Okay." I nod.
"So, why did you do it?"
"He was attacking me." I answer quietly. "I didn't want to kill him at first but then something just.. just took over me. Something inside me was pushing me to-"
"Kill him?" Jeff finishes my sentence. I nod.
"So I stabbed him and stabbed him and stabbed him and I kinda.. started-"
"Enjoying it?" He finishes for me again. I, Once again, nod.
"Yes, I started enjoying it and laughing, I didn't even feel like myself, the laughing wasn't myself, the happiness was not mine.." I tell him. "Then, when it was over I freaked out, got rid of any trace of myself and ran."
He nods. "You have much potential."
"I don't want to have potential. I don't want to kill." I say.
"Yes you do, you just don't want to see yourself as the monster you truly are. You can't deny you enjoyed it, Lena."
"I only enjoyed it because he had been abusing me, it was justice."
"It was revenge."
I bite my lip. I did enjoy it. So what if I did? He had been raping me since I was twelve, he deserved what he got.
But any normal person wouldn't enjoy murder no matter who it was, no matter what they did. You're crazy.
You're crazy.
You're crazy!
"NO! I'm not crazy!" I shout out loud. "I'm not crazy, I'm not crazy, I'm not crazy." I mumble to myself, over and over, holding my face in my hands and shaking.