
Jeff's POV
"I like your house, I've never had a house before." Wyatt says, walking around and placing his sticky child fingers on every fucking thing. "How long have you had it?"
"2 years." I reply, annoyed.
"How long have you had your doggie?"
"I don't remember."
"How many kids do you have?"
I roll my eyes. "None. Zero. Zilch. Nada."
"How long have you and Lena been married?"
I throw my hands up in anger, I'm ready to murder Lena's little fucking field trip souvenir. "We aren't married you aggravatingly inquisitive little slime ball!" I snap, still trying my best not to swear and call him a fuckface. a Which he is.
"Well that wasn't very nice." He crosses his arms. I sigh and rub my temples.
"Why don't we play a game, okay?" I ask him, exhausted from having to put up with him for this long. I told Lena she could sleep and I would watch the kid. I already told her this... this... thing was her fucking responsibility and here I am chasing after it. I have such a fucking soft spot for that damned woman.
"Okay.. what game?" Wyatt asks me, peeking over the table top with his hazel eyes.
"It's called, sit on the couch and do nothing." I smile. "And the loser doesn't get to eat for a very, very long time." I move closer to the boy to make my point very clear.
"Prepare to starve." The kid chuckles and races to the couch to sit quietly.
I sit and stare at him. Though I can't do much else with the whole "no eyelids" situation. Finally some damn silence.
"Hey," He begins. Goddammit! "Why do you look like that?"
I flip over the coffee table, breaking the legs and everything on it. Wyatt cowers in the corner of the sofa. I take a few angry breaths and stare at him before rushing down the hall to bust into Lena's room.
"WAKE THE FUCK UP AND TAKE CARE OF THAT GODDAMN BEATLE YOU BROUGHT INTO THIS HOUSE!" I scream. She jolts awake and jumps back in fear.
"What did he do?" She asks quietly.
"HE ASKED ABOUT MY FUCKING FACE!" I roar and slam the door shut. Wyatt is standing right outside.
"You don't like me?" He asks, looking up at me.
"NO! I DON'T LIKE YOU!" I scream at him and run into my room.
I can't believe I let these two fucking children into my house.
______________________
Lena's POV
"He's crazy." Wyatt says, playing with Jeff's switchblade.
"Yes Wyatt. Yes he is." I nod, yawning halfway through my sentence. I'm completely exhausted, I wish that Jeff and Wyatt could have gotten along for a couple more hours.
"So do you know what happened to his face?" Wyatt asks me.
"It's not my story to tell, Wyatt." I shrug. "He'll warm up to you eventually."
"When do I get to see my mom?" He asks.
"Um," Now how do I tell a little boy he'll never see his mother again? "Not for a while, kid."
"Why?" He asks me.
"You ask a lot of questions. Let's not do this, okay?" I say. "I'll answer your questions tomorrow but for now I'm very.. very tired." I tell him, holding my head. I always get headaches when I haven't had enough sleep. I suppose I brought this on myself. Wyatt is my problem.