
"Can you tell me what the plan is now?" I ask Jeff as we walk through the dark back alleys of the city.
"We find a girl with the same blood type as you, preferably a homeless one so no one will care. We leave a shirt with your blood some where close to where they're searching, then we kill the girl, and mutilate her face to the point where it is unrecognizable. We dump her body in the river, they'll think it's you, and boom! No one's looking anymore." He explains.
"Where will we find a girl so similar?" I ask him.
"There's a blood bank downtown that pays for donations. A lot of the homeless go there for money."
"How do we know she won't be a smoker or something?"
"They have all donors on file, and they're all clean. Do you really think they'd accept blood from some dirty addicts?" He asks me, rather amused.
"You're right, you're right." I nod. "I'm AB negative."
"Well of course you just have the most uncommon blood type on earth." He says sarcastically.
"All DNA is different though, isn't it?" I ask.
"Yes, that's why we're going to the extreme. We're going to burn of her fingerprints, rip all her hair out, drain her of all fluids and cut out her tongue. They'll be no way of identifying her DNA. And with the bloody shirt and all lack of other evidence, they'll just have to believe it's you." Jeff smiles and disturbing smile.
But this plan doesn't unease me in the slightest. It makes me feel a bit, well, excited.
"Here's the blood bank." Jeff points out a small building about a block ahead of us.
"How are we getting in undetected?" I ask.
"You worry too much Lena." Jeff laughs. "I got this." Jeff takes my hand and leads me to the back of the building. They're is a small window leading to a basement. Jeff takes out two sharp tools from his bag and picks the pad lock open in less than three minutes. He hands me the lock and slips into the window. He then extends his arms. "Here, I'll help in you." I look around to make sure there is no one around. Thank god the streets are nearly deserted after eleven at night. It's like everyone has the same schedule in this small town or something.
I go in the window, feet first and slowly slide down. Jeff grabs my waist and gently places me down on the tile floor. He closes the window behind us and grabs my hand. "Records are over here in the back room." I click on my flashlight, and Jeff snatches it away from me and turns it off. "Are you crazy? Do you want someone to see that through the windows?" He says, angrily.
"Sorry." I quickly apologize.
"Amateur." He scoffs, still leadinf me through the darkness. Once we get to the very far end of the floor, he opens a door and pulls me through it, shutting it behind us.
"Alright, now you can turn on the light." He says to me. I quickly obey and turn on my flashlight.
"You see where it says, 'Female, eighteen to twenty-five'?" Jeff asks, pointing to a filing cabinet behind me.
I nod.
"Okay, start from the very back of the drawer. We're looking for type AB negative, blue eyes, about 5"5-"
"I know what I look like Jeff." I roll my eyes and begin searching through the files. Everytime I come across someone with the same blood type, they have no similar physical traits to me. And when the do look similar, they have different bloodtypes.
______________________