
Copyright© Lyrics Sparks 2014

Chapter One

Yeah... Maybe I should had thought this out more.
The night sky seemed to reflect even the darkest of hearts.  I've never understood. Never understood why the world was the way it was. Greedy and selfish. I never... Got it.
The humans hated the Tribes, and the Tribes hated the humans.
Unspoken law.
We just never seemed to add up quite right. I mean, come on. We're basically wolf children. Wolves, foxes, bats, wild cats. To them is just seemed something out of a... Fantasy. Something you would give your child to read, to let there imagination take flight. Something that didn't seem, normal.
I guess we aren't.
And I don't think we'll ever, be...

*** The Holf of a Wolf. The Whisper of a Fox.  The  Beats of a Bats Wings. The Cry of a Tiger.  The Song of The Night.  Can you hear it? Cause I can. I can hear a lot of things. A lot of things, you and I will possibly  never understand. Things that you can hear, but you can't see. You can hear the howl, you can hear a whisper, you can hear the beats, a cry, and a song. But you can't touch these things.   But you can know the meaning of them.   I know the meaning, do you?   As I stare out my window located on the second story of me, my Mom's, and my sister's Rain and Bulma house. Perched on a litte curve, over seeing Soren Mountian, giving you the full, breath taking view of everything in the distance. The Temples, The Ice Castle located only miles away from the Villages, and The House. All  of these things actually have some pretty intreasting names, and some... Well I wouldn't sayspectacular stories, but something of that nature.   Soren Mountian, happens to be the home of the most of the Kindly Tribe members, located in Washington, the state. The "Temples" is the one huge temple of Cama Zotes, where the Silents ones of Washington are located. ( Yes, before you ask, the tribes are mostly in Washington. But I'll get to that.) The Villages and the Ice Castle, belong to the Beasts. The Beast Tribe that is.   Then The "House", is home to the Flourished Ones.   Now funny thing is, ( Oh you might want to kick me for this) Yeah um...  The tribes are half animals, like... For real. And some of us... Some of us have, Special powers. Plays dramatic music.  As simple as controlling the elements, or able to control something as simple as the rain, or as comlicated and dark as death.  Each tribe is ruled under a leader. My Mom, Savanah Sparks, happens to be the leader of the Kindly Tribe. The half human, half animals for each tribe is based of what they are. Kindly Ones are foxes, wild cats, wild cats  are the tiger, the lion, the cheetah, and the leopard. My Mom, the leader of the Kindly Tribes, happens to be a fox. I'm a Fox. ( Damn am I happy for that) My Sisters Bulam and Rain, well Bulma's a cheetah, while Rain's a leopard. Now before you ask how the hell that happened, my Mom had blood from eveything, and I mean everything. My Dad... Was a fox, the Ice Fox that is... Well... before he went missing... When I was three... I had most of his looks. I'm glad I do...   And no, we can't shift into some creepy animal, only the Beast can do that. Instead, I have fox ears, on the top of my head, nestled in blond hair, and a fire red fox tail, that dances likes living flames.  And I, as in the weird six-teen year old half fox chick that's telling you this, is me. Nerissa Sparks. And why my tail is fire red. Let me finish the rest of my intrduction. I'm Nerissa Sparks, the fire fox. I think that fit's. Does that fit? I believe it does. The Beast tribe is like your modern day WereWolf. They had slightly pointed ears, and a wolf tail. Except, they don't need the night of the full moon. They just need a will. They're ruled under a wise old lady, ( well shes not that old.... ) name Jade. Her eyes color matches her name. She hwas short black hair, and has been leader for a long time. Since her Dad passed when she was six-teen. Her husband Shadow is one of the strogest people you'll meet.  The Silent Ones and the Florished Ones, aren't that differne.t They're both bats, except, one of the happens to be vampire bats... Like the ones that suck blood... Yea... Painful. Every Florished or Silent One has ten foot long wingspans, either long, or smaller. Silent ones had pointed fangs, and dark rugged wings. They're know by "Kill and show no Mercy,". The Flourshied Ones are what I think, the kindest, and most forgiving Tribe out there. Like, they know the meaning of second chances. And The Flourished Ones leader, knows the meaning of just, that. Ah yes, anyone there on that day remembers it all... Now as you read this, pretend I'm speaking in a Britsh tone of voice.  Emily, her mother Stella, and her Father Shade, we're all born in the U.K. It happened to be London. Emily's Mom Stella, happened to be the Flourished Ones leader at the time. But that would soon, all change, to fast. The current leader and leader of the Silent Ones then Dark Star, was out looking for blood. He flew to the U.K, coming to murder Stella, Shade, and Emily.Stella knew of the approching disaster, and knew if she fled to to the Staes in Washington, Dark Star would not be able to get away with it, with the other tribes leaders there to see it all, to protect her and her family.  As they took off into the night, Emily was four years old... At the age of four.. she saw her Dad, Shade get knocked out of the sky by Dark Star, and her Mother fly down to save him. She lost both her parents that day, and was pronocuned missing for ten years.  The Flourished Ones army Commmander look leader ship, for Stella had been his sister, and his niece he knew in his heart was still alive. What no one knew... Was that Emily, had been a live, living off the land at the age of four, and an elderly man had found her at the age of nine, and raised her. Now the man, had been human, but had loved evreyone, tribe, or not. He admired Emily's wings. Long, dark purple, with a kind of design, that seemed like it was from her home, like her Mother.  The Man didn't know, that he had taken in the Flourished Ones leader, Emily herself didn't know. Now as the army commander decided he was going into town, he saw Emily, and i guess he thought " Damn that look's like Emily when she was four, and damn that looks like Stella," Well... he was right. That girl he was... Was Emily Sky. He reported his findings, and sent off both his and Stella's sister, and confirmed. Emily was later returned to the Floruished house at the age of four-teen.  Now that's not the end of the story. Yes, I'll shut up soon.  While she was seven-teen, a young leader surronded my friends and what little family she had left, the Flourished Ones, and Silent Ones, went to war. Dark Star, had two kids. Jake, and Selena. Jake fled, for Dark Star and Selena had threatned to kill him, next time he showed his face. He fled to the Flourished House, and met Emily. He promised to throw away his thirst for blood... And she believeed him. She truly understood second chances... And later... She found him, suck a deer dry. Emily promised she wouldn't tell... And she never did. They both told each other, that they actually had feelings for each other... And Now, Emily Sky, now twenty- One, is now Emily Moon, wife of Jake Moon, leader of the Flourished Ones, cousin to now current Army Commander Sun Sky.  It was always sweet to me... How... She fixed everything, and followed her heart.  How she fell in love with Jake, even though, he was born Silent. It never stopped amazing me. Just like what my baby blue eyes were seeing outside my window.  A dark forest, with swirls of light dancing inside, telling a sotry no one really understood, unelss you were there, or knew the meaning. Mom always told me and the rest of my family do not go in, for something dark lived in the forest, something she knew personally.. I always wondered, and I had a dashing idea.  Why not go find out?  I gently proped open my window, and slipped out, landing on my feet, dusting my hands on my shorts and tee shirt. My tale didn't seem to be harmed, nor my ears. And I could hear something...  Almost like crying from the forest...