
"MAMA!"
"LUCY RUN! DONT LOOK BACK RUN!"
"BUT MAMA-"
"GO TO YOUR FATHER!"
"LAYLA!"
"JUDE TAKE LUCY! KEEP HER SAFE!" Suddenly a hand grabbed both the two adults leaving the small seven year old crying on the ground.
"LUCY RUN!" The small child nodded her head and began running away, but she stopped when she heard two pain filled screams. She turned to see but what she saw her parents on the floor...
.
.
Without their Lower half...
.
.
.
"MAMA!!!!! PAPA!!!!!!" She screamed and began to run towards the two adults.
"Keep moving forward,Never look back, And Just remember... Your Family Is Always by your side.I love you Lucy." With that, the monsters grabbed the two again and ate them. Lucy stayed on the ground with tears rolling down her face, everything started turning dark. she slowly stood up and looked at the two monsters with emotionless eyes, but there were still tears falling from her eyes.
"You killed mama and papa...I will avenge them! OPEN THR GATE OF THE WATER-" before she finished calling for Aquarious she appeared with an annoyed expression until she saw Lucy. Her eyes widened and she instantly looked at the monsters.
"Aim for the back of the neck."'Aquarious ordered and Lucy nodded. A pair of wings appeared on her back, one was Dark blue and the other was black. Aquarious' eyes widened 'she discovered her hidden magics...' Aquarious thought to herself. She flapped her wings and flew behind the dragon.
"SPACE DRAGON'S ROAR!" She attacked the back of his neck and it fell to the floor.
DREAM END~
Lucy's P.O.V.
"GAHHHH!! Dang... another nightmare- errr flashback..." I sighed and stood up. I walked into the bathroom and began to strip off of my blue tank too and pajama shorts. I hopped in and took a bath.
After I was done I changed into a white tank top, blue skirt and black boots. I cooked up some breakfast and ate.
After I finished my house chores It was 1 PM already. I walked into the guild and walked up to the bar.
"Hey Mira!" I smiled happily at her.
"Hello Lucy! How are you?" She asked in her usual happy voice.
"I'm good how are you?" I asked back.
"I'm fine, thanks for asking! Ne, Lucy?"
"Hai?" I replied.
"Are you still having those flashbacks?" She asked me seriously, I sighed and nodded my head.
"Lucy... you need to kill the second monster... That dream will end up killing you!" She whisper/Shouted
"I know! It just... it disappeared and... ugh!" I banged my head on the table.
"Lucy. I think it's time you tell the others." Mira's right.. I need to tell them...
"I think so too but, I can only tell a few persons..."
"And that would be?"