
We move through the woods behind the school with a hunters grace.We've reached the fence between the out side and Caster Valley.There are guards but we shoot them down with stunner blasters.Hen shuts the force field gate while I take care of company.
''Done, come on'' calls Hen
''One last one ''
''No Star ,it is not worth it''
''It is to me''
I shoot the last Guard in the chest with perfect accurcy I have perfected after years of training, he tumbles over the rail with a yelp. I smirk it took longer then I thought for impact.
''Star hurry''
I turn and run and summer salt through, landing perfectly on my feet right when the gate closes.
''That was close, don't do that again'' says Henry
''No promises''
''Lets move Hen we don't have long''
We pull out our solar boards and zip through the air faster than anything you could image.We reach our destination in 2 hours.Our location is some where in Michigan , we're off the grid.
Hen and I put away the solar boards and make our through the market towards a pawn shop table.The pawn shop is owned by an old time friend.
''Marco is the shipment in''
''Yes ,Star the shipment is in''
''Good,hand it to us and we will be on our way''
''Oh and thanks you didn't have to''
''Yes I did'' replies Marco with some odd hint of sadness
Then from behind the stall bursts out five thugs, blasters aimed right at us.I push Henry to the ground and dash behind the stall.Then sounds of BANG PILL BANG and SMACK is all that is heard until I come out from behind the stall with our shipment.
''Come on Hen lets leave before reinforcements come''
''Star I didn't want to, they have my family '' pleads Micro
I am so angry at him, at every one that I say
''I don't blame you for ratting out your friends to get killed when all they have done is help you,but of course your family was involved so that makes it all right now doesn't it?
I ask daring him to answer but Hen does instead
''We are sorry your family was taken and will do all we can to help and please excuse our hostility,it has been a long day''
I glare at him so hard I think I will burn holes in his skull but he just stares at me with ''you know its right'' look to make me get back my composer.
''Star is right I shouldn't have ratted you out, you should be on your way off this planet as soon as you can'' says Micro
Henry gives me another look like ''are you just going to let this happen'' and I cave in.
''Where are you suppose to meet your family''