
Ray's POV:
"What?" I asked Ben, moving my arms that had once been around him.
"Who the heck are you and why are you hugging me?" He asked.
That question brought tears to my eyes.
"You don't know?" I asked.
"No." He said, pushing up his cute round glasses I always liked.
"It's me. Ray. Ray Johnson? I've been your friend for years and then on my birthday I...kissed you and we dated and then....and then you...you died..." I said, my voice cracking multiple times because I was crying. He started to laugh.
"Why do you think you have the right to hug me? 'Ray Johnson.' Haha." He said to me.
"But Ben...."
"Oh yeah, you're that girl at school. But Why do you suddenly think you can talk to me?" He asked before walking away.
I slumped down on to the bench next to Leo.
"What's wrong?" He asked me.
"That...That was my ex." I told him.
"But I thought you told me he died...?"
"He did...but...but that's him...I know it." I told Leo.
He wrapped me in a little hug as I sobbed about Ben.
"You have to believe me. It's him. He just doesn't remember me. Or he doesn't remember us. Or something." I said.
"I believe you. Sometimes things happen and they just don't have an explanation, but things always have a purpose. And that means that he was....um...." Leo started to cry a little bit himself, "That means he was brought back for a reason, which means you have to try to get him back."
I sniffed a little bit.
"Thank you." I said, smiling at Leo.
"You're welcome." He said as he wiped his eyes with his hoodie sleeve.
"Should we go home now?" I asked him.
He nodded a little.
He texted his chauffeur to come pick us up and we got in the car.
"I wonder...since he was...like brought back from the dead...if his old phone number still works." I said to Leo.
"That's a good question that I do not know the answer to." Leo told me.
When the limo stopped at my house, Leo and I got out and he led me to the door.
"I'll...um..." He looked at what I think was my chin, "See you later. I hope you can get Ben to remember you."
"Bye."
Diana's POV:
(A/N: cue evil music that plays in Once Upon a Time when Regina came in the scene in the earlier episodes)
I was at the fair, watching Ray once again from the bushes. Leo and Ray had just gotten off the Ferris Wheel and Leo started to confess his love toward her, but then she saw him. Ben. The Master, since he was actually on Ray's side, brought him back to life, but of course he wasn't the same. He lost his memory and he kept getting nightmares and visions about dying ever since he was brought back to life. Ray became devastated and they left.
"Tell me you finally got it all." Madame Mazia said as she materialized next to me.
"Ugh. No. It's kind of difficult, you know. I told you, I only have the tears, not the blood and fur." I told her.