
"I've given you plenty of-"
"Could you shut up for a minute?"
"Dian-"
"Blah blah blah Payment payment blah blah, I've given you plenty of time blah blah. Shut up. I'll get it to you later. "
"Diana if you don't pay your debt, you know what'll happen." Mazia said sternly.
"I know. Now leave me to wallow in my loneliness." I said.
Then, Mazia disappeared.
I got up from the bushes and stomped out of the fair.
Ray's POV:
So, nothing really happened for the rest of my thanksgiving break week, me and my mom kind of just went to the movies and then to a restaurant for thanksgiving because she said that I looked depressed recently and she didn't want me to put me through a normal thanksgiving. Now, let's skip to the next exciting part: The school play. I hadn't heard yet what play it was, but people kept saying I would love it. I was walking down the hallways of school when Emma crashed into me screaming, "OH MY GOSH YOU HAVE TO TRY OUT YOU JUST HAVE TO!"
"What?" I asked her.
"IT'S YOUR FAVORITE OH EM GEEE!" And then she went running down the hall the opposite way. I kind of shrugged it off and kept walking.
"Hey." Leo said as he walked up.
"Emma just did the weirdest thing." I told him.
"What did she do?" He asked me as we walked toward our 5th period classroom.
"She ran up to me screaming about me having to try out for something?" I said, confused.
"Oh, it must be the school play. I'm trying out for that." He told me.
"What play is it?" I asked.
"Oh, you probably don't know what is is." He said, shaking his head.
"Oh, well, whatever. That's cool that you're trying out." I said.
"Um...If I make it, will you come see me?" He asked nervously.
"Of course." I nodded.
A/N: Guys. So sorry that I haven't posted it, I've had a lot of crap to do 😆 there's this test I'm going to take that's like what around 5 or 6 years above my grade level in a couple weeks so until then I'll prob only post once in a blue moon, but I am still working on my upcoming stories but for some reason since The Spirits is kind of all over the place😆 it takes me longer to write it compared to my upcoming stories so I've been writing those in the spare time that I have. But Thank all of you guys that stayed around after like 2 months of no sequel. ILYSM.
BAI
-RYE