
SETO'S POV:
"SETO!! GET YOUR FUCKING ASS IN HERE NOW!!" My "father" yelled at me from down stairs. I don't really consider him my father. He never acts like it.
I race down, knowing what was about to happen. I reach the bottom, and run to the living room, where my drunk dad is holding his belt and his rope."It's beating time!!" He says, and smiles evilly. He ties me up, and hits me. Hard. I cry out in pain, seeing white for a second. He keeps going until the belt snaps. Then, the worst thing happens.
(WARNING!! SEXUAL ABUSE!! There's a trigger warning for you!!)
He pulls off my pants, and I start to shake. I hear the zipper and button on his pants come undone, and I whimper softly. Then, without warning, he slams into me. Tears run down my face. He keeps going and going, until he cums inside of me. I feel cum and blood running down my legs.
"Clean this up, and pack up all your stuff. We're moving to Bulgaria. Hurry up, or I will leave you," he says, and leaves.I really don't care that were moving. It's not like I have any friends here. Not since Adam and I got into a fight, and the whole group turned against me. I pack up everything I want to take, and bring it downstairs after I clean everything up. We get on the plane, and ride it 14 hours to Bulgaria from our home in L.A.
BODIL'S POV:
I wake up in the morning and expect the usual warm Bulgarian winter. But it was actually cold. It's never cold.
I look out of my window, and see snow. It's snowing!! I quickly get dressed, and run to go get my friends.
First I run to Simon's house. I walk right in. His parents know me very well, so they really don't care. Hell, this is practically my second home.
I sprint to his room, and start jumping on his bed.
"SIMON!! SIMON!! GET UP SIMON ITS SNOWING!!" I yell while bouncing. He falls out of his bed and glares up at me.
"What the hell Bodil?!" He says angrily. I show him the snow, and he quickly gets dressed. Up next is Double.
We knock on the door, and his mom opens the door holding a cup of coffee.
"I'm sorry boys, but he's not up yet," she says. But then she looks behind us and sees the thick blanket of snow.
"Go get him," she holds the door open, and we race into the room, and start jumping on the bed. He sees, and up next is Ghost.
*TOME SKEP*
Soon we have everyone. It's me, Baki, Simon, Ghost, Double, and Vikkstar. We run to the park.
SETO'S POV:
After we get to our house, I grab my backpack, and fill it with some stuff. Sketch book, art pencils, blades. All I need.
"GOING OUT!!" I yell at my dad, and walk out. I heard there was a park near by, so I try to find it.
I go there, and am surprised that it is mostly empty, except for a group of boys wrestling in the snow. They kind of remind me of bear cubs.
I climb up a tree, and start sketching.