
-Harper-
"Harper, Wake up it's time for school" My Dad's deep accent spoke. It was Autumn, I didn't particularly want to get up, I needed my beauty sleep.. Well I needed sleep. "NO! It's a good dream!" I argue back. It was just another excuse to stay in bed."I'll go get the water then.." My dad's promising voice said."I'm up, I'm up, I'm up" I say and stand up in surrender. As my dad left the room I walked over to my wardrobe. I was going to wear a burgundy cardigan, with a top underneath and some black skinny jeans with some black boots. After I got changed, I puck up my phone and went on twitter. My twitter name is ☁️Harper, Yeah.. My Dad is still obsessed with clouds. I have the newest iPhone out, it's only recently just come out.
I walked down the stairs and I was going into the kitchen. We've got stools by the counters to eat, we don't use the dining room only for parties and stuff like that. I walk into the kitchen and spot my Mum preparing breakfast."What do you want for breakfast Harp?" Mum asked me. I hated being called Harp, I didn't even like the name Harper. You see I was born in Los Angeles and then I got called Harper because it's a traditional Welsh instrument and then when I was 3 and my brother was born we moved to London and we lived there until I was 9 and we've stayed here from then. "Pancakes will be good" I say."Mum, can I have pancakes instead of an omelette?" Archie asks Mum."Sure" Mum says and gets back to cooking.
Once we ate breakfast Dad was taking us to school, Archie was in the back of the jeep and I was in the front on my phone. "Guys.. If you had to pick for another dog or a kitten what would you have?" Dad asked"A kitten!" I shout."Another dog!!" Archie also shouted."We've already got Wishbone, how bout a kitten?" Dad tried to ease Archie into it."Fine.." Archie sighed.
We pulled up at school there was paparazzi waiting for us. Dad helped Archie with his things and then we went. Archie went off to his group of friends and I went off to mine."Dude. Have you heard about Harry's party? Everyone possibly in the school is going! You have to come" Jessica, my best friend said to me. I'd have to check with Mum and Dad first."I'll ask I suppose".
We had a free period first lesson basically, you didn't have any lessons and you'd get to stay in rooms and talk, go on our phones, etc. I hated labels in school especially on me. I got labelled spoilt and things like that. I couldn't help that my parents decided to make me.. Ew. As much as I hated this, I was a popular girl. Me,Jessica,Emily,Lauren,Bella,Katie,Candice and Skylar. We were all being loud and eventually we got told off. It was Me,Skylar,Candice,Bella,Lauren and Katie on a table and the rest on another table flirting with the boys. Skylar pulled out her phone and started uploading videos onto Snapchat and such. My friends are quite popular from hanging around with me. I know they're my true friends, not just using me for my fame. It's actually weird to think I have fans even though I'm just trying to live a normal 15year olds life. As we were all talking the door went open and in walked a smiling Harry. He was the one having a big party on Friday, he's one of the popular boys, he's 16 and soon he'll be turning 17. He has roughly around 40 tattoos. He's seen as the Class Clown, he'll say stupid things to disrupt the lesson and everyone with laugh, and of course mostly every girl wants him. Now I'm like that 2% that don't have a crush on him. Sure he's attractive but not my type! As cringy as this might sound he's a bad boy. Our and the other girls table were right next to eachother and there was a spare seat next to Jessica and he was walking that way. He pulled open the chair and gave us all a dimpled smile. He was nearly two years older than us so he thought he had more power."Hi ladies, how are we?" He asked, his piercing green eyes staring us all in the eyes."W-Were fine?" Candice spoke because Skylar nudged her to speak up."Good! So there's a party in my house on Friday, you lovely ladies going to be there?" He asked again."You might see some of us there" Skylar spoke, she's quite sassy."Some? That's not quite good enough! Who's not coming?" Harry asked and each and every girl in our group looked at me."I said I didn't know yet" I say."Hopefully I'll see you there" he said as he got up and winked, I blushed a tad bit of course!