
Period 5 -P.E.-
There was exams in the hall so boys and girls had to go on the field. Harry was in the boys class for P.E. So no doubt he'll be there. We were all getting changed in the changing rooms and I was talking to Skylar and she was saying how we both really need to go to the Gym. She's not saying were fat but that we spend too much time on twitter! We walk onto the field still giggling about the fact that Skylar can't even do one push up, I wasn't laughing at her I was laughing with her!! The girls and the boys were going to play football. The teacher was picking out teams and I got put on Blue Team with Jessica, Skylar and Harry! Can you hear my excitement? As I got puck to go on the Blue Team, Harry handed me a bib."There you go Darling" he said and winked. I just frowned I didn't think anything of it.
Halfway through the match Harry scored 6 and I scored 2, we were in the lead. When it was time to go back to the changing rooms, me and the girls ran off so we could get changed and leave straight away. After we got changed we were waiting for Skylar's Mum to pick us up but.. She had a call saying her car had broke down and we'd all have to find another way to get home. It was only Me and Skylar though, I would've phoned my Dad but he's got a meeting and so has my Mum."Girls! Have you got transport?" Mr Phillips asked us."No, Skylar's mums car has broke down" I said."We've got a student with a car whose just finished after school detention if one of you'd like to go with him! Harry? Where's he gone?" Sir said. I wasn't going to go with Harry."Yes Sir?" Harry's deep voice spoke."Which one would you like to take, preferably the one closest to your house?" Sir said."That'll be Harper, she only lives down the road!" Harry said smirking. That wasn't true, I live in the Calabasas and he probably lives in a apartment in Beverly Hills."Ah! There we go" .
Harry unlocked his Volvo and I got in the passenger side."Right where do you live?" Harry asked grinning."The Calabasas" I smirk back."That's like 40minutes from my home!! But just because I like you Harper I'll do it!" Harry grinned back. There was a big awkward silence and it had been going on for a few minutes now."So.. Harper tell me about yourself?" Harry asked as we came to a traffic light."What's there to know?" I say, nothing about my life was particularly interesting."Well where were you born?" Harry asked, he had an English accent like mine, I almost wanted to ask him that. "I was born in Los Angeles, then we moved to London and lived there for a while that's how I got my accent then we moved back over here and I've lived here ever since!" I say simply."So where's your Mum and Dad from?" He asked."My Dad's from Texas and My mums from England" I say."Is this your house?" Harry had probably guessed."Sadly yes, Thanks for the ride home" I say and climb out the car."See you later Caylen" Harry said and drove off.
AN: I'm back :)! Iknow in my other story, Harry Styles was Chloe's friend but I kinda want him to play Harry! It makes sense so forget about the whole One Direction thing in LFK and Harry Styles plays Harry but... He's the Harry from 2013 hair put back and such. 💕 -Chloe xx