
~C~
I love setting up the Christmas tree. It's just such a joyful time, and it's something that makes me smile. Especially when I'm setting it up with Tweek, my little boyfriend of a year. Even if he such a jitter-bug, and knocks things over and occasional breaks things. It's still fun.
"Tweek, wanna put the star on the top of the tree?" I asked the smaller blonde, holding up the golden star.
"A-Are you s-sure that's s-s-such a good idea...?" Tweek asked stuttering "I'll drop it1 And we won't have a star and you'll beat me like one of those scary BDSM master things!" And at that the small blonde started taring at his hair.
"No you won't, stop doubting yourself." I chuckled, laying the star in his hand and lifting him up by the hips "Just set it on top." Tweek screeched when he bacame airborn and quickly, and clumsily put the star on the tree.
"See not that bad." I stated blankly, setting him down. Tweek squeaked, and stepped back, a loud crunch sounding throughout the room.
"J-Jesus! I JUST SNAPPED MY ANKLE!" Tweek screeched, looking at his foot and screaming as he lifted it. A crushed Candy-Cane under it.
"It's just a candy-cane!" I laughed, picking it up and throwing it away. Looking back at the jittery blonde, I kissed his nose. "It's okay."
"C-Craig I broke your candy-cane! How can you be fine?!" Tweek exclaimed making me laugh harder.
"It's candy, it's replaceable. I'm just happy it wasn't you ankle." I said gently pulling him into a hug "Or was it?" Reaching down, I grabbed his foot and examined it. Tweek squawked and bounced on his one foot.
"I guess it wasn't your foot." Chuckling, I set it down and pulled him into a brisk kiss.
"C-Craig your the best" Tweek giggled, cuddling into my chest.
"I know." I stated bluntly, patting his bottom. Kissing him gently, I lifted him up and onto my waist. Tweek mewed softly, parting his lips for my tongue.
"I-I love you...oh and when y-you checked my ankle you checked the wrong one.." Tweek giggled. I just rolled my eyes and resumed our kiss.

~!~!~!~!~!~!~!~
Well that sucked donkey shit.
:3 I need two votes and two comments before I update #Vote&Comment
Disclaimer- I do not own South Park or anything to with it at ALL!