
"No buts. You can start by sweeping Kyle's room."
His eyes bulge. "Kyle's room is completely un sanitary!"
"So your saying your room is clean?"
"I never said that."
"LEAVE." She turns back to me. "You're making dinner."
My jaw drops. "You know I can't cook."
"Here's a thought, learn. You're seventeen, what are you gonna do next year when it's time for college?"
"Eat takeout and Ramen noodles."
"Wrong answer. Now go."
Thirty minutes later, I'm slaving over a pan of burning grilled cheese. This is completely impossible.  When I manage to finish, I pile about eight of them on a plate.
"Dinner is served!" I announce walking into the dining room.  I find my parents, Kyle, Quintin, my four year old sister Izzy, and my eleven year old brother Henry sitting around the table eating Chinese.
"Unbelievable."
"Sweetie, I was punishing you. Not us." Mom says, slurping up noodles.
"They aren't that bad. Kyle. Eat one." I say chucking the crumbly black crisp at him.
"No way!" He says barely missing it.
"Did you know that in the UK, grilled cheese sandwhiches are refered to as 'toasted sandwhiches' or 'toasties'? Henry ask. He's REALLY smart. "In Australia they call them jaffles."
"Jaffles?" Kyles snickers.
"Toasties?" Izzy ask excitedly. "I want a toastie!"
"Sweetie, no you don't. Eat your noodles." Mom responds with a chuckle.
"Winnie, just take the Chinese." Dad says handing me a takeout box. I let out a fustrated groan before snatching it out of his hand and stomping off to my room.
Even Kyle wouldn't eat my food, and he eats everything! Not to mention he has a huge crush on me! Kyle is Quintins best friend.  He's been living with us for a few months now.  His parents don't get along, so while they 'figure things out' he's staying with us. He has a really hot, but obnoxious older brother, Joshua.  He's been living with his aunt, but they got in an arguement. If I heard correctly, my souces tell me he got caught sneaking in drunk on multiple occasions. Mom says he's moving in tomorrow. Yipee. Note the sarcasm.
Joshua is a year older than me, but he got held back in second grade. Don't ask me how, cuz I don't know.  He's really popular with the girls at school. Kyle and Quintin have been best friends since diapers.  Through all of the years of family dinners and vactions, Joshua probably hasn't spoken more than ten words to me.  The only things I remember him ever asking me, are 'Are you gonna eat that?' and 'Can I copy your homework?'
To both of his questions, I responded 'no.' Which must have been really weird for him. He seems to always get what he wants when it comes to girls.  I mean with tousled shiny brown locks and dark chocolate eyes with specks of green and gold, not to mention an award worthy body, who can resist giving the boy what he wants? I can.  Joshua is no good.
I finish my noodles and fall asleep to the thought.
Joshua Carter, is no good.
------------
Don't forget to vote! :)
-Gabrielle (sourgummywormss)