
(Beware of spelling errors. I try to correct them bu I may have missed a few.)
---------
"I'm, in the club, high on perk, with-"
no way.
"I can't be tamed!"
um, no.
"Fucking bangers!"
You're kidding me right? I keep clicking through the songs on my MP3 player.
"Everybody makes mistakes, Everybody has those days!"
I smile and start dancing and singing like an idiot.
"Everybody knows, what, what I'm talkin bout. Everybody gets that way!"
I sing my heart out and jump around until a few songs later, there's a knock at my door.  Well, more like a banging.
"Winnie! Turn that off!" my little brother Quintin yells.
"No! I do what I want when I wanna!"
I am Winifred Jones and I am 17 years old. Quintin is 16, a whole year younger.  Quintin and I have a lot in common, but our taste in music, is a completely different story.
"Turn that crap down or else I'm coming in!"
"Then come in!" Did I mention we're both completely stuborn?
Quintin opens the door, stares at me for like, two seconds, then grunts and slams the door.  What the heck! He litterly opened the door and stared at me! He didn't even come inside!  Who does he think he is?  Opening my door like that!  And before you roll your eyes, no.  I am not being over dramatic, I ( just as I mentioned) am a very stuborn person.
I hear a door slam and emo punk music starts to play.  Oh, it's on.  Music blast off, it is.  I run to my speakers and turn the volume up.  I change the song to 'Pumpin Up The Party' and smile an evil smile.  I will win. I always do.
Quintins music gets louder.  And so does mine.
"WINIFRED AND QUINTIN, GET YOUR BUTTS IN THIS HALLWAY, OR ELSE!"
oh no, it's MOM.
I jump over various idems of clothing and nail poilishes scattered around my room until I get to the door.  When I meet my mom in the hall, I give her a dumb look.
"Oh no, don't give me that look young lady, you know what you did.  And you!" She turns to Quintin. "I told you no more creepy music!"
"It's not creepy!  And it's better than girly Disney channel pop music from 2007!  Winnie it's 2014. You need to get over this!"
"Never."
"Mom! You told me like, six years ago that this would just be a phase."
"Well obviously Quintin, I was wrong.  If you two don't get your act together, you're going to regret it." She shoves a broom into his hands. "Go sweep the house."  While her back is turned, I slowly tiptoe back to the safe zone. AKA my room.
"Mom!" Quintin spazzes once he sees what I'm doing.  He points and wiggles his finger at me.  "Y-You gonna do something about that?" he ask her.
I glare at the child.  "Shut your mouth before I do it for you."
"Threats! Do you here this mother? I'm the angel child. Personally, I think Winifred should be sweeping the house."
Mom arches an eyebrow. "Did I ask for your personal opinion?"
"No, but-"