
"Shhh!" I hear as I awaken from my slumber.
"Be quiet! You're gonna wake her up!"
Boys. Male voices. In my room. In my territory.
I peek one eye open and see just enough to make me respond with cat-like reflexes. I jump up and block the door before they can even realize I was awake.
"Put. It. Down."
Kyle and Quintin look at each other with a combination of fear and regret. Until they creepily smile at each other, reminding me of those weird siamese cats from Lady and the Tramp.
"Plan B!" Quintin shouts.
In a flash Kyle is across my room, mp3 player in hand, heading for the bathroom that connects to the guest room. I manage to trip him so he topples onto the ground.
"Quin! Catch!" The mp3 player flys through the air.
*dramatic slow motion movie scene here*
"Nooooooooooooooooo"
Quintin makes a jump for it.
"Caatchhhh iiiiitt."
*slow motion over*
"Ugh! I got it!" He screams before dashing out of the door. I turn to glare at Kyle but he's already gone.
Just great. I shower and touch up my naturally curly hair. Then I change into a pair of baggy sweatpants and t-shirt. I plop onto my bed and whip out my phone to text my best friend Payton.
convo:
Win: Heyyy
Pay: Hiii
Win: busy?
Pay: nope. why?
Win: need help getting revenge
Pay: oh gawddd
Win: it'll be fun
Pay: fine. on my way
Win: bring food :P
Pay: *eyeroll* of course. see ya.
I toss my phone to the side and make my way downstairs. "Mom, Payton's coming over."
"Okay. Don't trash the house. Got it? I've got work."
"Can't promise you anything, but I'll try."
"Joshua's moving in today but I'm not sure when. Make sure his room is ready before he gets here."
"I'm sure he won't mind the un-made bed, Mom."
She glares at me. "If that bed doesn't get made, you're grounded. Got it?"
"Got it." I sigh.
"See ya."
When she's gone I make the bed. There's a knock on the door and I fling it open to reveal my best friend. I quickly pull her inside and dash for my room with her right behind me. We dine on chips and soda until I tell about this morning.
"Okay. I've got a plan."
"Can't we just watch movies and talk about guys? You know, normal girl stuff." Payton ask hopefully.
"Maybe later. Okay, so..." I tell her my plan. "You might wanna change." I tell her motioning to her pretty dress.
We both change into a t-shirt and jean short, because this will get messy.
Payton goes to a small store around the corner to get some suplies while I get everything else ready. When she gets back, she takes her place outside and I take my place by the door and begin.