
Your POV
You and Eren circled each other, you crossed your feet and kept your breaths even. You were giving Eren a hand to hand combat assessment, since you were one of the best in the Survey Corps. This was already the 46th round and of course you had 46th wins and 0 losses.
But luck wasn't on your side when your when your hair fluttered in front of your face as the wind caught it. Taking this rare opportunity, Eren immediately lunged forward. With a light laugh you stepped back with his punch, keeping his fist in front on you, before ducking under his arm and bringing your fist to meet his stomach. It should have connected but at the last second Eren twisted away, out of reach of your fist. He was grinning. However that grin disappeared when you pivoted on one foot and swung the other to sweep under his feet and knock him over.
You quickly leaped on top of him, seated on his broad chest, his arms pinned under your knees. He wiggled under you and you just grinned down at him, your arms crossed over your chest.
"47 wins to me, 0 to you~" You smirked proudly
"Dammit." Eren muttered and was pouting over the loss.
"Awh~ Don't pout like that! You're still really talented" You complimented him and Eren's eyes widened in happiness.
"Really???" He asked eagerly
"Yep but just no where near my level" You laughed poking his sides playfully
"Whatever.. Squad leader (l/n) please get of me" Eren grumbled
You were about to get off when you saw Eren's eyes widen again, but this time it was in pure horror. Before you could look behind to see the what caused Eren's reaction, a hand gripped you under the arms and pulled you up off Eren. Eren scrambled to his feet and saluted, he looked half scared and you realized who it was that was holding you. Your feet dangled a few inches off the ground  and you didn't like the current position you were in, since it made you feel short.
"Levi, let me go!" You whined shaking your legs.
"Tch," was all the response you got before he put you down. With you feet firmly planted on the ground you spoke.
"Eren, i'll talk to you later." You told him before turning an angry gaze at the corporal.
"What are you doing?" You asked with both your hands on your hips.
Again "Tch," was all you got in response from the emotionless robot you had known since training.
"Look just because I'm the only person you know that's shorter than you doesn't mean you can just lift me up and rub that fact in my face all the time!" You scowled him.
"I wasn't rubbing it on your face" Levi grizzled
"If not, then what?" You asked slightly curious
"Tch," you felt your eye twitch in annoyance. You turned away, you didn't have time to deal with his childish behaviour, you had better things to do. From the corner of your eyes you saw Mikasa talking with both Eren and Armin.
"Oh Mikasa! Let's settle our fight from before!" You called out to her a bit excited, you and Mikasa have fought countless of times but it always ended in a draw but this time, you were going to win no matter what.
"Squad leader (l/n), you can do that later. Come to my office now" You stopped stretching as Levi ordered you from behind. You turned to face him again and tilted your head confused. Levi never invites anyone to his office unless it's work related but you were certain you had no business with him what so ever.
"Why?" You asked