
I walked onto the plane waiting for the long journey to South Africa and back in one day.
People stare at me as they walk past because they think I look too young to be a flight attendant. I am only 19 and my mum works as head of flight attendants for this company so I got the job because of favouritism.
I stood at the front of the plane and greeted people on, looking at their tickets as they pass. People walk past, yay looks like the normal day of the old men being flirty with me and I can't do anything about it.
A tall blonde boy walked on. He isn't that fit but he is in the first class section? What? That's not right surely. I read his ticket closer. Yes it said 5a extra leg room. They are expensive those tickets.
"Is there something wrong?" He asks taking his earphones out."Ohh sorry no it's just unusual that someone who doesn't look posh or like a stalker is in first class" I reply giggling "Don't judge a book by its cover" he says leaning down and whispering in my ear, making me get goosebumps. He tugs his ticket out of my hand and plonks himself down on his seat stretching out his legs whilst winking to me.
We sit down and buckle our seatbelt a ready for take off.
-1/2 an hour later-
"We will now be coming around with some meals and beverages for you to enjoy" I speak into the mic.
I start heading around and have to deal with the perverted men. The young blonde boy is still asleep and he looks so cute. He looks like he hasn't slept in a long time.
"Sir" I say awakening him from his slumber"Go awa..... oh it's you, hi" he said his eyes beaming when he saw me. "Do you want anything or not?" I say getting impatient because he is looking down at the menu and every so often looking up to meet with my eyes.
"Ooh you don't want to say something like that and if your boss finds our you said it you are dead" he said"Okay I'm sorry but please go abit faster""Ohh faster" he says winking which makes me chuckle "I will just have a j20""Are you bieng serious? I have been waiting here for hours and yet you just get a j2o anyway?" I said my voice rising"Calm down" he says."Okay sorry, what flavour?""Hmm I don't know" he says slowly lookin at the Menu again. I got impatient and just took the menu off him and gave him a orange and passionfruit one
"Ohh how did you know that's my favourite? Have you been stalking me?"
"why would I stalk an attractive person like you?"
"You just said the reason... Because I'm attractive"