
Hi guys. This is my first time writting a islamic romance soo hope you Enjoy :)
●●●●●●●●●●● ■■■■■■■■■■●●●●●●●●●●●●
Ibrahim Rehans P.O.V
"Byeeee loserss" I shouted in the large,hollow hall where my class, 6KF was standing. All my annoyed class mates threw scrunched up papers at me.Today was the last day of primary and as much as i hate to say it; i will miss it."bye Ibrahim, even though i hate you im still gona miss you."Khadija smiled as she hugged me tightly.Her soft touch sent fireworks in my tummy. Wow i did not expect that. After that i can't remember what happened.The rest of the remaining day went in a daze.
"Ouch!" I winced. Snapping out of my daze.My older brother Adam had always had a annoying habit of slapping my head whenever he saw me."Stop daydreaming about your girlfriend!"He teased as he grabbed his car keys from the messy, wooden desk knocking over a bunch of papers."I dont have a girlfriend and look what you done."I whined,
"Oh well, ill pick that up later, now hurry up ill be downstairs."He said.
I rolled my eyes and quickly put on the black jacket my sister has bought me as an early birthday present. Today was the first day of secondary,the day i have been dreading had finally come.Adam was dropping me of today because he wanted to show off with his new car.Typical Adam always showing off.The secondary school I had gotten into was not that far from my house but only a handful of people i knew were joining me there. "IBRAHIM IF YOU DONT GET YOUR LAZY ASS DOWN HERE RIGHT NOW I WILL LEAVE! !!"Adam hollered .I rushed down in a flash and out the house kissing goodbye to my mum and heading for the new red car,and jumping in and heading to my new school.
Khadija Ali's P.O.V
"Khadija get up you will be late it's already 6:00"My mothrr whispered-yelled.
"please mum i dont want to go,im too tired." I whined
"Have you prayed your fajr,bet you haven't"mum smirked .As soon as I heard the word fajr I remembered I hadn't prayed yet.I rushed to the bathroom, done my morning routine and did my wudu and quickly prayed . After praying i got ready and went downstairs.
"Asalamulakum beti!"My grandad greeted me.Today was the first day of secondary school and sadly no one that i knew will be joining me today so i have to make friends all over again.At exactly 7:00 my mum,my grandad and I went in the blue 5 seater car and drove of to my new private girls school,Which i was great full for as i would never have to see the face of the devil :Ibrahim.
●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●●So guys thats the first chapter done this chapter is just to show how different the two were as little kids, and just to let you guys know the first couple of chapters will kinda be boring but after that it'll be interesting. Insha'Allah (if Allah wills)
Beti: Daughter/darling (show of affection)Fajr:Morning prayer
Comment and vote.Thank you