
I returned his smile. "Reece Collins. My favorite barista."
He blinked several times at me, as if he were seeing a monster or something. "Don't take this the wrong way... but what happened to your face?"
I shook my head. "Long story."
"Oh. Okay," he said suspiciously. "Let me guess. Serena wants a caramel macchiato and a Danish pastry. Jasmine wants a chai tea latte and a croissant. And you, Chamberlayne, want black coffee and a blueberry bagel," Reece said. He flashed me a grin.
I nodded. "Perfect." Reece got to work on our breakfast while I waited by the counter. He looked at me over his shoulder while he poured something from a machine to a cup and grinned cheerily.
After about seven minutes or so, Reece placed three paper coffee cups with lids and a white paper bag in front of me. He smiled again. "Here you go. That'll be nine dollars and forty-seven cents."
I handed him a ten and dropped two dollars into the tip jar. "Thanks, Reece. Keep the change. See you at school." I turned to walk away but...
"Hey! Chamberlayne, wait. The band has a gig on Saturday at the Zodiac. Thought you might be interested in going," he said with a twinge of hopefulness.
I smiled apologetically. "I wish I could, but I have to go to that stupid fair-festival thingy at East Brook Prep. You know, because my mom's a teacher there. But if you guys record anything, let me know. I'd love to listen to it sometime. Or if you book another gig or whatever."
Reece deflated like a popped party balloon, but there was still a bright smile on his face. "Aw, that sucks. But okay, cool. I'll let you know if we make a CD or get to play at Vortex or something."
"Alright. Great. See you later then, Reece," I told him before following Jasmine and Serena out to the car. Once everyone was seated and buckled, I passed out coffee cups and wrapped up treats to their designated person. And just to please Serena, I turned the radio to the local pop music station.
Serena took a small bite of her Danish before she said, "So, Nora, what'd Reece say when he called you back up there?"
I shrugged. "Just that his band is playing at Zodiac on Saturday and he wanted to know if I could go. Which I can't because of the festival thing at EBPS."
"Eeeek!" Serena squealed excitedly. "Reece definitely has a crush on you. With a capital C."
Not this again. "No, he does not. He knows that I like music, and his band isn't terrible. That's all. Besides, I don't like him like that, and I don't want a boyfriend."
"Okay, first of all, he flirts with you like every chance he gets, and, two, what girl doesn't want a boyfriend?"
"Girls who are content with being single- and lesbians. And all of those other sexualities that I can't even begin to name," I answered. "Can we just drop it? Please?"
Serena groaned dramatically. "Fine."
Reece Collins was my next door neighbor. He and his family have been our neighbors for as long as I could remember. Reece and I have never been particularly close. I mean, we have conversations on a regular basis, but we don't really hang out that often. Reece and his friends- Milo, Gabe, Will and Andre- have a band called Parental Advisory Not Required. Reece is the drummer, Milo sings, Gabe plays the bass, Will's instrument is the piano/keyboard and Andre plays the guitar. Serena, Jasmine and I have been to a few of their performances, and I will say that they don't suck.