
Sav nodded. "What time will they get home?"
I glanced back at the green numbers on the oven clock. It read 10:22 p.m. "They should be back by eleven, I think. You know it takes like half an hour to get from East Brook back to West Brook on the weekend."
Savannah licked the vanilla ice cream off her fingers and tossed the balled up wrapper in the general direction of the trash can. She missed by about, oh, three feet. But, of course, she didn't bother with going to pick it up to properly throw it away. Instead, she said, "Yeah, I know," and hopped off the bar stool, starting for the staircase that led up to both of our rooms, the guest bedroom and Mom's office.
I turned out the kitchen lights and followed her upstairs. "Are your demented friends still here?" I asked her, passing her on the stairs.
We reached the top of the steps. I was heading to the left, and she was going to the right; our rooms are on opposite ends of the hall, the guest bedroom is next to mine and Mom's office is across from the staircase. She faced me, her hand on the doorknob of her neon blue door. "Yes, they are," she said matter-of-factly.
"Why do you hang out with them? They're horrible people," I added, hostility lacing my tone. If there's one thing that I hate more than boys that are total jerks, it was girls that are catty and downright mean.
"They may be rude, but at least I have friends," Savannah shot back, smirking like she always does when she insults me. Which is basically all of the time.
"I do too have friends! They're over here like every other day," I retorted, but Savannah was already shutting her door. I rolled my eyes before entering my own room and flipping on the lights.
I grabbed my teal headphones and my phone off my dresser before carrying them, my yogurt and the bottled water over to my bed. I sat with my back against the plethora of pillows, my legs stretched out in front of me. Through the headphones came the angelic voice of the lead singer of the alternative rock band Stalker Status. I tapped my foot to the beat, eating my yogurt and surveying my room.
The walls were a vivid red hue like that of a male cardinal's feathers. The wall adjacent to the one my headboard was pushed against was almost entirely covered (there's still some blank spaces) with posters, magazine cut-outs and photographs of friends, family, the forest and a lot of random things. I have creatively titled it The Wall of Pictures. Original, I know.
Anyway, the wall across from my bed has a bay window; the window has a sort of cushioned bench where I read on a regular basis. Placed to the right of the window was a large bookcase where I, obviously, keep all my books, (and I have a lot of books) but it's also where I keep my snow globes. I collect them. My dad buys me a new one every year for my birthday from this quaint antique shop on the edge of West Brook.
The fourth wall has two doors and a space in between them. The door on the left opens into the bathroom, the door on the right leads to my small closet and my dresser is sandwiched between the two. The whole area of my floor is covered in black and white shaggy rugs that are super soft. And, finally, my ceiling.
I leaned my head back and stared up at my black ceiling that glimmered with hundreds of glow-in-the-dark star stickers that cost me two years of allowance. Mom and Dad had been skeptical, at first, about allowing their eight year old daughter to have a black ceiling and red walls, (apparently parents get worried when one of their little girl's favorite colors is black) but they eventually came around. And for my fourteenth birthday, my dad even got me a Home Planetarium Star Projector, so now I can just hook that up and stars will cover my whole room and not just the ceiling.