
"Oh, goody! Now the games can begin," Skippy the clown exclaimed, drumming his fingers together.
"Merde," I cursed to myself as the clown came forward, arms outstretched. He tried to grab me, but I dodged him and swung out my leg, kicking him right on the side of his face. He clutched his face before coming at me again. This time I wasn't so fast. He was able to grip my shoulders and knee me in the stomach. I fell to the ground and held my middle. I looked up, only to find Skippy's arm coming down on my head; there was a large object in his hand.
Skippy struck my head with the item, and I felt my head hit the grass. Everything around me was dark. I could still hear, and I was aware of what was going on. I just couldn't open my eyes or speak or move, really.
Skippy picked me up and carried me somewhere. Things got even weirder when he started talking to me in a normal voice. It was then when I remembered there was an actual person under that clown costume, a person whose name probably wasn't Skippy. "Look, I know you can hear me. I hit you in a spot that only knocks you halfway out, if that makes any sense at all," he said. "You need to stop looking for your sister. If you continue on this current pathway, you and your friends will be harmed. It's in your best interest to let the police handle this."
I don't really remember what happened after that, but next thing I knew I was awake and spinning faster and faster. I was sitting on a horse on the carousel; my hands were tied to the pole. The lights were on and so was the music. I was disorientated, but I'm one-hundred percent sure I saw Skippy, or whatever his name was, standing in the distance. I swear I saw him wave before walking away.
"Nora! Nora, what's going on?" Serena yelled. I whizzed past her and Jasmine.
"I... Don't... Know!" I called back. "Turn it off! Turn it off!"
"I'm trying," Jasmine hollered back. "There's a lever right here... Gimme a second!"
I watched in intervals as Serena and Jasmine tugged on the lever until it finally gave way, and the merry-go-round gradually came to a stop. I closed my eyes and waited for the dizzy spell to subside.
"Oh God... this is why I don't ride carousels," I mumbled.
⏳⏳⏳
Serena dropped me off at my house after dropping off Jasmine. I was about to get out of her car when she latched onto my arm. "Hey, Nor, if you need anything, don't hesitate to call, okay? I'm here for you and so is Jasmine. We'll help you get through this," Serena told me. She smiled reassuringly.
I returned her smile even though I didn't want to smile until my sister was found. "Thank you, S. Your friendship means a lot to me. And thanks for going to the school with me. One piece of the puzzle is solved thanks to you. Goodnight."
"Goodnight, Nora," she said after I'd shut the car door. I hurried up the sidewalk and then my porch steps. When I stepped inside, my parents stood up from the couch, both looking hopeful. They sighed in relief when they saw it was me. I locked door back before going into the living room. I hugged my mom.
"Any news?" I asked. I walked over and hugged my dad. I sat down on the couch in between him and Mom.
"None," Dad said. He buried his face in his hands. "None whatsoever."
I seriously debated whether or not I should tell them. If I told them, I'd be in so much trouble, but we'd be a little closer to finding Sav. If I didn't tell them, no one would know the truth except for three high school students and the criminals themselves. And Savannah, of course. I sighed after seeing their distraught faces. I was totally going to regret this later, but... "Mom. Dad. I have some news of my own."