
And, finally, Maddie Anderson. She was the only one with a real brain, as mean and harsh as that sounds. I disliked her the most. She was constantly trying to outshine me in all of my classes since Kindergarten. Although she's never earned better grades than me, she has on several occasions dated any guy I even found slightly attractive. And she always criticizes everything I read or present to the class. There was never much to criticize because my grammar was impeccable and the content was always fantastic (I'm so modest, I know), but she was always able to pick out one tiny detail and exploit it until my grade was brought down one or two points.
"If you're just going to stand there staring, I'd prefer if you did so elsewhere. You're blocking my reading light," I said politely with just an edge of sarcasm. "Wait; do you even know what reading is?"
Maddie scoffed. "That is so insulting. Of course we know what reading is."
"Oh, I know you know what reading is Maddie, but I didn't think Heather and Donna had quite mastered the concept yet."
"No wonder you don't have a boyfriend," Donna countered. She flipped her long brown hair over her shoulder and smirked.
"Wow. A-plus comeback. I'm so totally offended," I deadpanned. I leaned back in my chair and crossed my legs. "As much as I'd love to sit back and exchange witty remarks all day, I do actually need to read this book. If you could just make yourselves scarce at the moment, it would be greatly appreciated, and in return I will never speak to any of you ever again. Deal?"
"Whatever. I was told to give you this," Heather said, handing me a folded piece of paper. I took it, and they walked away, clacking in their heels. It was clearly newsprint. I unfolded it and immediately dropped the scrap as if it were contaminated with a deadly disease. Considering who the sender was, it could've been.
On the newspaper was today's headline: Local Girl Goes Missing
Not very catchy, was it? Underneath it was a picture of Savannah and an article about the events and the little evidence we had. My name was in it, and Mom's and Dad's. I wasn't surprised, but it was weird to see them there in black and white– almost surreal. I skimmed through the article before I had even noticed what was written in red ink in the margin of the paper. I turned the newspaper article sideways and read the message.
Missing? Try kidnapped. Maybe you should tell them what you think you know. But who would believe you with a bump like that on your head? Have fun in Macro.
I crumpled up the paper in my hands and stuffed it into my pocket. I looked around and scanned my eyes over everyone in the classroom. A lot of people were looking at me. Reece, who was sitting to my left, leaned over. "Nora, are you all right? You look really pale."
I nodded absentmindedly. "Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine. Just cold."
"Want my jacket?" he asked, already peeling his hoodie off. I put my hand on his arm to stop him.
"No, thank you. I'm okay, really," I said, hopefully convincingly.
"Hey, I heard about your little sister. I'm sorry. It must be devastating. If your family needs anything, my parents and I are more than willing to oblige," he told me kindly.