
Chapter Four
"Can I have a volunteer from the audience?" Moira Swanson asked in her elegant voice.
Hands shot up all around me, but out of everyone here, the clown approached me, or more specifically, my sister. She handed me her popcorn container before standing up. I didn't have enough time to protest; she was already halfway to the stage when I realized what was going on. I set both her popcorn and mine in her chair. I leaned forward and watched anxiously as Skippy helped my sister into a large, rectangular box the color of night; it was decorated with little silver stars. When she was inside, she waved to me discreetly. I gave a small wave back. I couldn't help feeling like this would be the last time I saw her. The feeling was irrational, yes, but I had it nonetheless.
Skippy closed the door. Moira said something I believe was in Latin before opening the door. My heart was racing, and I was scared out of my mind. She opened the door, and there was no Savannah. Moira shut the door, said something else and opened the door. Savannah was standing there, perfectly fine. Perfectly alive.
I and the rest of the crowd clapped. Savannah was talking to Moira while the audience filed out of the enclosed area. I stood up and stepped into the aisle after everyone had left. I was opening up my bag to find my phone so I could take a picture of Savannah near the box and with Moira Swanson, but Skippy the clown bumped into me. The contents of my purse spilled out onto to the ground.
"Sorry!" he exclaimed before spinning and skipping off. I bent down to pick up my belongings, and when I did, another crowd of people swarmed into the area. There must be another show at this time, I thought. I threw the rest of my stuff in the bag and stood up, holding my phone. I looked to the stage, but Savannah was gone. I whipped my head in every direction and looked all around the magic show space. I ran up to the stage where the curtains were still open. I looked all around and inside the box until the clown came back. He gave me a wicked look and winked. He knew where Savannah was.
I pushed down my long-time harbored fear of clowns and marched right up to him. "Where's my sister?" I asked, gulping.
"I don't know," he trilled perkily. He gave a small giggle before skipping past me. I spotted the female magician reapplying her red lipstick and ran over to meet her.
"Hi Ms. Swanson. I'm sure you're plenty busy, but I was just wondering if you'd seen my sister. You were just talking with her, and now I can't seem to find her," I rambled.
She barely glanced at me. "Sorry, doll. I haven't seen her for at least a minute. I believe she went off to find you," she said. I hesitated before leaving the stage. Something didn't feel right. Moira looked away from the mirror after setting her tube of lipstick down. "Can I help you with something else, doll?"
I shook my head. "I don't think so... Have a good show."
I walked off the stage and hurried out of the magic show area. I clutched my phone so hard that the design of my case was imprinted on my hand. I searched frantically for Savannah; I must have looked everywhere.
"Savannah!" I called, cupping my hands around my mouth. "SAV!" I hollered again and again. People were starting to give me weird looks, but I ignored them. Now, I was really starting to panic. "SAVANNAH!" I yelled, and my voice cracked. The tears were starting to come. This was great. Really. My sister had disappeared, and I was breaking down in tears in the middle of a fundraising festival filled with wealthy people who were, with no doubt, judging me.
My dad found me hastening about calling for Savannah and grabbed my shoulders. "Nora. Nora, calm down. What's wrong? Where's Savannah?"