
⏳⏳⏳
"So, everything is already hooked up to an outlet. All you have to do is press these buttons right here," Mr. Basil said, indicating the buttons at the top edge of the popcorn maker, "and pour a packet of oil, kernels and salt into the kettle. Give it a few minutes, and once the corn is popped, turn the kettle over and let the popcorn drop into the glass box. Use the scooper to shovel popcorn into the plastic boxes. Can you handle that?"
"I think a monkey could handle it and has probably done so before," I responded, stepping into the small booth. The traditional popcorn maker was sitting up on a temporary counter. I don't know why I got a whole booth just to make popcorn. Maybe the wraparound counter in front of me was for protection from the anticipated swarms of people with grubby, greasy fingers grasping for their next carton of popcorn.
Mr. Basil forced a smile. "My, my. You are so delightful. I don't know why your mother doesn't bring you around more often," he said in his normal high-pitched voice, but he was obviously being sarcastic. I am supposed to be the Queen of Sarcasm, not this imposter. Although, he is a drama queen. I will give him that.
"She prefers that I steer clear of company that will tempt me to blow my brains out," I said sweetly, smiling brightly and falsely.  "Now if you'll excuse yourself, I have a job to do." I made a shooing gesture with my hands and Mr. Basil, who looked very appalled with my rudeness, scurried away.
I started to follow his instructions and prepare popcorn. To pass the time, I started to make a list of things I could be doing if I weren't here at the moment.
Ten Things I Could and Would Rather be Doing: A List by Nora Chamberlayne:
1) Binge-watching Alias on Netflix
2) Sleeping
3) Having a Rocky movie marathon
4) Homework. (Yes. I actually went there.)
5) Sleeping
6) Shopping for books at Barnes & Noble [aka my third home]
7) Did I already say sleeping?
8) Hanging out at Coffee & Toffee with Serena and Jasmine
9) Reading
10) Oh, yeah. Sleeping.
But the one reason why I was here was far more important to me than sleep: my mother. She wanted me to be here and to help out, so that's what I was going to do. Even if I had to give up a whole Saturday just to serve popcorn to a bunch of snobby rich folk.
While I waited for the popcorn to pop, I glanced around at my surroundings. Parents of students, actual students and teachers were rushing about and putting the final touches on various parts of the festival. Savannah was holding a stack of red papers; she was handing them out to people that weren't busy. She glanced my way, and I waved. She quickly headed to my booth. "Hey," I greeted. "What do you have there?"
"A list of activities people can do and such," she said, sighing and holding one up for me to see. I took it and read the items on the list.
"Cake walk, magic show, a raffle, bake sale, game booths, dunk-tank booth, carousel, snack venders and an outdoor movie showing at five o'clock," I read aloud. "Sounds like a blast."