
"Geez, Nora, you look awful," Savannah said sardonically. Her face was still but a muscle at the corner of her mouth twitched, and I knew she was trying not to smile.
Rage bubbled underneath the surface of my skin like the water in a kettle or a teapot being heated up to the point that steam screeched through the spout. And boy was I about to have steam coming out of my ears. "What. The. Hell," I seethed through gnashed teeth.
The pimply faced brunette seated on a log next to Savannah- her name was Lauren, I think- suddenly keeled over in a fit of laughter that sounded not unlike a hyena. "You should've... seen your... face," she gasped out in between cackles.
Defensively, I crossed my arms over my chest and leaned slightly forward. "My face? You mean the one covered in pricks, bruises and blood?" I stepped out of the dimly lit shadows into the orange glow of the fire and lifted my chin up so they could see the injuries I'd acquired while thrashing through this blasted forest. "I ran like hell," I spoke slowly, my voice unwavering. "I thought you were in trouble. God, you were screaming like you were being brutally murdered!"
All the girls, with the exception of demonic Lauren, sobered up. Savannah stared at me, her electric blue eyes wide with shock as she looked at all the droplets of blood, purplish-yellow bruises and swollen skin. "W-we thought," Savannah began quietly, but I held up a hand, indicating that she should just stop talking.
I wasn't in the mood for another one of my sibling's half-ass apologies. All I wanted was to return to the house, shower, tend to my many wounds, and resume my Saturday night ritual of being an anti-social homebody. I rolled my eyes and bit out, more venomously than I had intended, "Yeah, you thought it'd be funny. Well, news flash, sprinting through the woods at night in nothing but threadbare pajamas and bedroom slippers because your moronic sister and her idiotic friends are screaming bloody murder is not fun."
Savannah opened her mouth to speak again, but I closed my eyes and inhaled sharply, partly because I was fuming but also because the adrenaline rush was wearing off, and all of the pain that had been repressed was quickly surfacing. "All of you go back to the house," I said firmly, pressing a hand that was slick with a crimson fluid– blood– to my forehead.
Savannah, Lauren and the other two girls– Connie and Brionna, who were both blonde and one was short and the other tall– stood up and walked wordlessly past me. I walked forward to the fire pit (it's really just medium-sized rocks strategically placed in a circle with a fire burning in the ring) and kicked dirt onto the flames until it was only a pile of soil and embers. Faint tendrils of smoke rose up from the ashes and curled at the ends like elongated, bony fingers.
I navigated my way through the forest with ease; I knew the pathways of these woods as well as I knew the way around my own home. Savannah and I have been exploring this forest since she was two years old and I was four. She used to teeter around while holding my hand with her chubby toddler fingers, and I would point things out to her, like the vibrant colors of a cluster of wildflowers or a squirrel scampering across the forest floor, scouring the ground for acorns.
When she was five and I was seven, our mom and dad helped us to build a rather large treehouse in an oak tree of intimidating stature. The live oak tree is the center of life in the vast woodland located behind our home. The oak tree is literally in the middle of the woods. I stumbled upon it one day when I was out wandering in the woods alone when I was six. I didn't see it at first because it's hidden behind a copse of wide, towering and flourishing European beech trees, but once I made my way through those I saw the live oak tree. As soon as I laid my eyes on that particular tree, I knew it was the perfect one for my dream treehouse to be built in.