
Serena looked like she was ready to say something, but I leaned forward. "Wait, there's more," I said. "So my dad found me and I told him I couldn't find Sav. We got Mom and went back to the magic show. Moira Swanson, the magician, and Skippy the clown were gone. A couple was there, a Mister and Misses Taylor. And get this: they were supposed to come at three o'clock, but someone called them and told them to come a half hour later."
"Something's definitely not right," Jasmine said.
"There's still more," I stated. "I couldn't find anyone that had gone to the same show Sav and I had attended. No one. It's like they had all vanished, too. I feel like I'm caught right in the middle of a mystery novel or something."
"Well, is there anything else you can tell us?" Serena asked.
"Actually, yeah. You might think I'm crazy, but every bit helps, right? The night Savannah, Lauren, Connie and Brionna were out in the woods I heard something. I'd just taken them back to the house, and I was about to go inside when I heard a stick crack. I could sense someone was there. And then Monday night I heard another sound outside while I was in my room. I looked out the window, and I saw at least a hundred red balloons caught in tree branches. But when I woke up the next morning all of them were gone. Poof!" I confided in them. "Do you think I'm crazy for linking all of these things together?"
"No. I think you're being sensible. If all of these weird things are happening around the same time, it'd be stupid not to consider that they're connected," Jasmine said.
"I agree with Jazz. I think they're connected. I think someone's been watching you, and now they've taken your sister. The why is what I can't figure out. The how, on the other hand, we can figure that one out on our own," Serena said with a mischievous gleam in her eye.
"What do you mean?" Jasmine asked, looking between Serena and me.
"She means we should go back to the crime scene later and do a little investigating on our own," I said, also grinning. "Are you in, Jazzy?"
"As long as you don't call me Jazzy, hell yeah."
"Great. We go at eight," Serena said, popping a salsa covered chip into her mouth.
