
Chapter Six
Just when I thought I couldn't have been more of a walking, talking freak show, my sister got kidnapped. Now, if you looked up the word freak in the dictionary, you'd find my picture there next to it. That's how I felt this morning when I walked into the school building. People were staring at me; some pointed, some whispered (which was just so beyond rude). I sighed, rolled my eyes and continued walking to the cafeteria. I spotted Serena and Jasmine at our usual table and sat down.
"Good morning. Any news?" Jasmine asked upon my arrival.
"Only what I told you yesterday about the security footage," I said. "But I've been thinking a lot about what Skippy said to me."
"You mean, after he clobbered you in the head with a rock? BT Dubs, how's your head? I see you've decided to sport a beanie today," Serena chimed in.
"I had to; there's a small bump and a mark. If my parents saw it, I'd have to explain to them that I was bashed by a criminal clown or lie, and the only other hat I have is that pink and black, plaid fedora I purchased during my newspaper reporter phase," I said, cringing. "Anyway, Skippy told me to let the police handle it, but any capable kidnapper wouldn't want the police involved. So maybe, this is a longshot, but maybe Skippy and Moira have someone on the inside."
"It would make sense. They obviously have some connections if they were able to pay off an entire crowd and have someone wipe the footage clean," Serena said, clearly processing. "We should talk to my dad. Maybe he could help us manufacture a list of sorts."
Serena's dad, William Vaughn, was a homicide detective in the West Brook Police Department. If there was anyone who could help us identify our infiltrator, it would be him. "Okay. Let's talk to him after school," I suggested.
"Alright. But we need to think of a reason why we would need to know about his fellow officers," Jasmine commented.
"Leave that part to me," I said just as the bell rang, signaling we had five minutes to get to first period. Serena parted ways with Jasmine and me; we all have different first periods, but Jasmine and I are on the same hall.
"How are you holding up?" Jasmine asked.
"Not very well, but what can I do other than push it down and hope we find her soon," I admitted to Jazz. "It's just, she's my little sister, and I love her so, so much. She's my responsibility, you know? It's an unspoken agreement between an older and younger sister. I take care of her, and she is occasionally nice to me. That's how it works."
Jasmine and I stopped in front of her class. "I'm sorry you have to go through this, Nor. Let's just make it through today, so we can speak with Mr. Vaughn. Maybe we'll get a lead. See you in third, okay?"
I nodded. "Yeah, okay. See you soon." I carried on to my classroom. I walked in and sat down in my usual seat. I pulled a Leo Tolstoy novel from my bag and began to read, but I had to turn back to the same paragraph four times because I couldn't focus on reading. I was returning to the first line when shadows were cast over my book and desk. I reluctantly looked up.
Just when I thought life couldn't get worse.
Before me stood Heather Moore, Donna Quaid and Maddie Anderson– also known as the embodiments of everything I couldn't stand. Heather Moore was the daughter of Principal Addison Moore. Heather got by in life because of her looks and her ability to cheat without getting caught. It was how she survived in the advanced middle school classes and in the honors classes this long.
Donna Quaid was about as clueless as they come. Last year, in our government class, we were given an assignment to design a local government system, and I told her she could be the secretary for our pretend city hall, and she continuously told me she didn't want to be a secretary; she wanted to be a model for Calvin Klein or the housewife of some rich actor. I was ready to pull my hair out by the time the class period was over.