
Chapter One
I was so going to kill her.
Leaves crunched beneath my feet; twigs cracked. Every branch that I pushed away snapped back at me and either cut into my skin or simply whacked me, stinging slightly and swelling up. Sometimes I even fell down and skinned my knees. Gashes caused by thorn bushes, sticks and sharp, gnarled tree branches that I had tripped over bled heavily in various places on my body, mainly my arms, legs and face. Each step made my legs tighten in a way that burned worse than fire. I imagined my lungs as two accordions, inflating and deflating, air being forced in and out to keep the music playing— to keep me running.
The only sounds that registered in my ears were the ones that I myself were making– my desperate pants of breath and my heavy footfall– and the nearby, echoing screams escaping the throats of four girls, one of them being my sister.
Another scream reverberated off of the various trees surrounding me in the bleak darkness of the forest: tall, slender pine trees with pointy needles; oak trees with knotted roots and branches; pretty magnolia trees that seemed out of place in the eerie woods; weeping willows with limbs that drooped as if the trees really were sorrowful; and the elm trees where owls perched, watching me with their wide, curious, yellow orbs. I pushed myself to run faster, harder, pumping my arms at my sides with more power than I thought I had. I guess adrenaline does do wonders for those staring danger in the face.
I skidded to a stop, slipping and ungracefully landing on my backside with a dull thud. I scrambled to my feet and reached for a branch that looked like it could inflict as much pain as a wooden baseball bat. I suppose it'll have to do, I thought as I crept forward in the direction of the whimpers.
I heard another round of terrified cries and quickly darted through thickets of brambles and briar patches. The thorns and pointed leaves pricked and sliced my skin. I glanced down at my bare arms and saw red drops of blood gliding from each cut and prickle as if they were teardrops running down a face.
If Savannah's not dead or dying when I find her, I thought grimly to myself for a second time, I am so going to kill her for coming out here at night. Her and her juvenile friends.
I finally found the derivation of the screams and immediately dashed to the right, sprinting until my legs no longer ached. I had run through the soreness.
"Savannah," I shouted with urgency. Even I could detect the panic in my voice.
A high-pitched wail pierced my ears, and my heart pounded more violently than it had been. I took the final strides toward the sound. I prepared myself for the worst: my sister and her friends bloody and mutilated as if by an animal, all of them on the verge of death; the four preteens tied to trees while a man that resembled my creepy uncle watched them, grinning maniacally and calmly drumming his fingers on his chin; or even an indescribable monster looming up over them, waiting to attack its petrified prey...
I really needed to stop watching murder mysteries and horror movies.
I charged though a clump of blackberry bushes, and I raised the large, thick tree branch I had been carrying, readying myself to attack—
But the situations I had conjured up from the foulest, deepest, most frightening crevices of my thoughts were nowhere near as scary as the sight that was unfolding before my eyes.
I dropped my makeshift weapon and ignored the resonating thunk it produced when it landed on the ground blanketed in fallen leaves. I stared blankly at the four tweens– who were unharmed and laughing, I might add– sitting primly on either a log or a wide tree stump around a crackling fire. I stepped closer and sensed that the flickering light of the flames was casting an eerie shadow over my face. I hoped that I looked as menacing as I was imagining.