
So those are the toned-down descriptions of my sister and me: Savannah and Nora, the sisters who don't need misters, double trouble, the deadly duo... yeah, you get it.
At around 11:15, I was lying on my plum colored, satin duvet watching Fight Club on my laptop when there was a rapid succession of knocks on my door. I pressed pause on the movie and called out, "Come in!"
My mom and dad walked in. "Hey, sweetie," Mom greeted.  "Just wanted to come tell you good night..." she trailed off after, I'm assuming, she really looked at me. "What happened to you? Are you okay?" She brushed her fingers against the bruise on my cheek, which was, fortunately, no longer swollen.
Rolling my eyes, I said, "I'm fine. Savannah, Lauren, Connie and Brionna were out in the woods tonight, and they were screaming at the top of their lungs. So, I ran through the forest and, apparently, this is what happens when you do. The girls were playing a 'prank,'" I said, using air quotes when I said prank.
Dad immediately covered his face in his hands and shook his head. "I don't know what we're going to do with that kid," he said to no one in particular. Dad removed his hands and looked at me sympathetically. "We'll deal with your sister tomorrow, okay, Nor?"
"All right, Dad," I said smiling at him.
Mom and Dad were just about to leave when Mom noticed, of course, shirtless Brad Pitt on my laptop screen. "Annora Chamberlayne, are you watching Fight Club again?"
With mock panic, I said, "Mom. 'The first rule of fight club is you do not talk about Fight Club. Second rule of fight club is you do not talk about Fight Club.'"
Dad started laughing, and Mom smacked his upper arm playfully. "Peter, don't encourage her." Mom turned to me, the trace of a smile on her lips. "I would hit you, too, but you look injured enough. Good night, Nora. Love you."
Dad trailed behind her. Before he shut the door, he said, "I thought it was funny. Good night, Nora. I love you."
I said, "Thanks. I love you too, Dad."
I listened closely as Mom and Dad talked in the hallway, making their way towards the staircase. "Shelby, our daughters are insane," I heard my dad say jokingly. Mom giggled. "They take after you, Pete. You're the one with all the crazy genes..." And that was all I caught before they disappeared onto the first floor, out of earshot.