
I stared at the article in horror. I would have continued to stare at the newsprint if Caesar hadn't called me. I whipped out my phone and snapped pictures of all of the articles on the so-called Coterie of Killers. That name did not ease my concern for Savannah at all.
I filed the newspapers back into their original order and placed the boxes in their designated spots. I followed Caesar's voice; he was behind a large stack of copies of War and Peace. "Do you need assistance, boss?" I queried amusedly, watching as he struggled to move the books onto a cart.
He glowered at me. "Yes, actually. Would you mind loading these books onto the cart and delivering them to room 104?"
"Sure. No problem," I readily agreed. Caesar sighed in relief; he wasn't big on manual labor. He was very much the bookish type. "After I deliver these, I think I'm going to just head out. Is that okay with you?"
He nodded. "Sure. That's fine. Thanks for your help, Nora. See you Thursday."
I moved the novels from the round worktable onto an old, squeaky cart. Once I'd placed all two-hundred copies onto the shelves of the pushcart, I rolled it down the hall to Ms. Richardson's classroom. The door was unlocked, so I rolled the cart in and left it in the front of the classroom.
It was eerie while walking around the school when all of the students had gone home. And my current situation with the Coterie was not helping my present state. My heart was pounding in my ears, and I could feel myself starting to shake. Every time I saw a slight movement or heard a soft sound, I practically jumped out of my skin.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a dark figure, and I immediately increased my speed. When I sensed they'd done so also, I began to jog towards the front door. I made myself glance back once, and I almost peed my pants. There was a man wearing all black following me! I couldn't see his face because his head was titled towards the floor and his hood was pulled up at an angle that didn't allow a view of his face. I ran the last few feet between me and my freedom, and I didn't stop running until I was safe in my car. I checked to make sure there wasn't anyone in the backseat before I started the car. I locked the doors and turned on the radio at once. I tried to catch my breath and stay calm, but that made it worse somehow.
I dialed Serena's number and tapped my hand against the steering wheel while it rang. "Pick up; pick up," I mumbled to myself, turning down Snow Grove Street.
Serena finally answered on the sixth ring. "Hey, Nor. What's up? How'd the research session go?"
"Great, actually. I discovered quite a few things, but, uh, S?" I said shakily.
"What's wrong?" she queried. I could hear the raw concern and worry in her voice.
"I was leaving the school building when I noticed there was a man wearing all black following me. It was totally cliché of him to wear all black, but I was terrified nonetheless! I ended up running out of there," I told her.
"Did you see what he looked like?" she asked hopefully.
"No. He had his hood pulled up, and besides, his head was tilted down. I know what you're wondering, and yes, I know it was a man. I could tell by his shoulders and his legs. They just seemed too masculine to be any woman's, including built women."