
I squeezed his hand. Partly because of his generous gesture, and partly because I wanted to make sure I wasn't having a nightmare. "Thanks."
Reece grinned, and I tried my best to smile. But what he got was an awkward, half-smile, half-frown. The teacher entered the room with a coffee from the teacher's lounge in his hand. He started his lecture, but I couldn't pay attention, besides taking the notes on the board. The article was burning a hole in my pocket; it was adding fuel to my flaming rage and my frigid fear.
I'd decided that I wasn't having a nightmare. I was living in one.
⏳⏳⏳
I hardly ate my sandwich. I had two Lays potato chips and a fourth of Serena's honey bun. I'd even turned down a bite of Jasmine's ice cream sandwich. That's when they started giving each other the look. The panicky "No, you ask her what's wrong" and "Me? I asked her last time" expressions. They did this a lot; but that was only because there was usually something bugging me. A couple weeks ago I was upset because I'd found out that Holly had fleas and I'd need to start monitoring her time in the woods and giving her the medicine. Before that I was freaking out over the extra requirements I'd have to take care of before I could even think about attending NYU. All in all, my friends were no strangers to my hysterics and prolonged moments of self-doubt.
Jasmine volunteered this time. "What happened?" she asked, her brow knitted into a frown.
"Look," I said, handing her the note I'd received first period. I waited for them to read the damned thing. I'd read it a total of one hundred and twenty eight times since Heather had handed it to me. Not only had these people kidnapped my sister, but they were literally gloating and rubbing it in my face and practically stalking me! What sick, evil, twisted person does such a thing?
They asked their questions so quickly that I couldn't determine who said what:
"When did you get this?"
"Who gave it to you?"
"Did you see who it was?"
"Why didn't you show this to us earlier?"
"First period. Heather and her disciples delivered it to me. She said someone gave it to her to give to me, so, no, I didn't see who the bastard was. And I wasn't sure how to show you. I wanted to figure it out first. Like, why would they give this to me? What's the point? I thought they wanted me to back off. I mean, I'm obviously not going to do that, but why couldn't they just pretend that I would?"
Serena scowled. "Because they're evil, evil people who don't give a damn about human lives," she said angrily.
The three of us remained silent for several minutes after her comment. On Saturday morning I'd woken up and taken a shower and carried on with business as usual, and then, suddenly, usual and normal disappeared from my vocabulary. Because there was no way I could go on with life as usual and handle things normally. Now, my life solely revolved around my missing sister and the people who kidnapped her and God knows what else.
I think Serena and Jasmine were coming to the same realization as me: nothing was going to be the same ever again. In that moment, I felt like we were all aware of what we were really signing ourselves up for: unpredictability, pain and lying almost all of the time. Fan-freaking-tastic.
"Have you come up with a reason for why we'd be visiting Dad's office and asking questions?" Serena asked.
I nodded. "We could say we want to start a school newspaper, and the only way we can start one is if we have a great debut story; our debut story will be about West Brook's law enforcement."