
I glanced up at her briefly and shook my head. "No thanks." I paused a second, putting the First Aid kit back into the cupboard. "But can you hand me the blue ice pack out of the freezer?"
Savannah nodded and retrieved the ice pack. I took it and hesitantly placed it on my cheek where a tree limb that resembled a switch parents used to punish their children with had flung back at me suddenly and struck me in the face. The impact had knocked me flat on my ass. Can't believe I got beat up by a bunch of plants...
Savannah unwrapped her ice cream bar and took a huge bite out of it, half of it already in her mouth. She chewed, almost choking, before climbing onto one of the backed retro bar stools placed at the elevated counter where we ate dinner most nights. Savannah sighed softly. Once she saw that I hadn't looked up, she sighed again, but louder this time. I didn't look up that time either, so she sighed once more; it sounded a bit like she was hyperventilating. I rolled my eyes and finally acknowledged her. "What is it, Sav?" I asked, using her time old nickname.
"I'm really, really, really sorry Nora. We thought it might be funny, just a dumb prank, but it obviously wasn't," she said with the utmost sincerity in her voice. "I'm sorry you got so banged up. If I'd have known you were going to come crashing through the woods like a mad woman on steroids, I wouldn't have gone along with it. I'm really sorry."
I inhaled and exhaled deeply and gazed at Savannah wearily. "Savannah, you're my little sister, and I know that at times it may not seem like it, but I love you and it's my responsibility as your big sister to protect you. Do you have any idea at all how scared I was?"
Savannah cast her eyes down to the sleek, black galaxy granite countertop and solemnly shook her head. "No," she muttered quietly.
"Well, I was terrified," I said, "that something was happening to you Sav. You shouldn't cry wolf like that."
She groaned in annoyance. "I know, I know," she insisted. "You don't have to lecture me." Savannah hesitated before continuing. "You're not going to tell Mom and Dad, are you?"
I scoffed in a way that said Yeah, right. "You can bet your sorry butt that I'm going to tell them."
"Nora," Savannah whined like the child she still is. "Do you know how much trouble I will get in? They probably won't let me go with Lauren to the beach next weekend!"
"You should have thought of that before you made it seem like you were being killed," I told her. "Besides, how would I even explain the scratches and bruises?"
Savannah sat up straighter in her seat. "You could tell them that Holly attacked you," she suggested.
I scoffed again. "They'd never believe that. Holly loves me, and anyway, she'd never be able to do this much damage." Holly is our Bengal cat. She couldn't have been more than five weeks old when I found her sprawled out and licking her paws next to a holly shrub. So, I adopted the adorable spotted and striped kitten and named her Holly because of the nearby shrubbery.
Savannah huffed out a breath. "You're right."
"As usual," I responded arrogantly before sliding off the counter and heading to the fridge. I pulled out a bottle of water and a strawberry yogurt.
"So," Sav started, her mouth full of the remaining half of her ice cream sandwich, "where are Mom and Dad again? I forgot."
I extracted a spoon from the utensils drawer and dipped it into the cup of pink yogurt. "Mom had to go to a teacher workshop in East Brook, and Dad didn't want her driving alone at night, especially through Midtown, so he went with her."