
I sipped on my black coffee while I made the familiar drive to West Brook High. Jasmine scrunched up her nose at me. "I don't know how you drink that stuff," she said to me.
"What? The black coffee?" I asked her.
Serena nodded. "Yes! It's so dark and bitter..." she trailed off.
"Like me," I said flatly, but I broke out into a grin while Jasmine laughed. Serena rolled her eyes and flipped her hair. I pulled into a parking space in the school lot before this kid in a pickup truck got there. We all threw our trash away in the nearest garbage can before heading towards the entrance of the school. We parted ways since we all have different homerooms. I wouldn't see either of them until lunchtime.
⏳⏳⏳
Later that night I was doing homework at my desk in my bedroom when I heard a noise. I ignored it, assuming Savannah was doing something she wasn't supposed to be doing. But then I heard the noise again, and this time I realized it was coming from outside. I stood up and walked to my window. I peeked out through the blinds and saw a flash of movement in the illumination of our porch lights.
I dashed out of my room, down the stairs and threw the backdoor open without even considering the possible dangers of my actions, but all reasonable thought flew from my mind when I looked around at my backyard.
A hundred red balloons, give or take a few, were stuck in the trees in the woods behind my home. There wasn't a person in sight. Nothing but bright red balloons caught in the branches of the trees.
I didn't know what it meant. I had no clue. Could they be from a nearby party? Could they be a message or present? Or could they be a warning given by the person who was snooping around here Saturday night? I didn't know.
"Nora!" my mom called from inside. "Nor, dinner's ready!"
"I'm coming," I called back. I glanced at the mysterious red balloons once more before locking the door behind me. I shivered as I thought about them, all resting in the tangles of limbs and red, orange and yellow leaves. I felt stupid for being afraid of balloons, but I couldn't shake the uneasy feeling in my gut.
The next morning when I woke up I instantly took to the bay window. When I looked outside and surveyed the trees, I jumped back at least a foot. There were no red balloons.