
As I struggled to pull one pants leg up, I glanced over at Jasmine. "You're cool with this?" I asked. "I thought you were above going to the Zodiac."
She shrugged. "Serena is very persuasive... and she blackmailed me."
"The eighth grade sleepover pictures?" I guessed.
Serena nodded, laughing. "Those would be the photographs, yes."
I rolled my eyes and buttoned my skinny jeans. I finished dressing and took in what they were wearing. Serena, as always, looked magnificent. Her strawberry blonde hair was curled to perfection, and I swore she should have been the face of Maybelline cosmetics. She was wearing a white pleather skirt and a black button-down with sleeves that reached her elbows; she was also wearing red platform pump boots. Jasmine, on the other hand, was sporting black high-waisted shorts, a sleeveless white blouse tucked into the shorts and gray ankle boots Serena had probably roped her into wearing. They tended to make somewhat bold fashion choices, so my parents wouldn't suspect anything on their end. But if I were to come downstairs in something like a leather skirt and heels, they would know we weren't going to the movies.
I quickly dabbed on some eyeshadow, eyeliner and mascara before grabbing my bag and following Serena and Jasmine downstairs. Mom and Dad were curled up next to each other on the couch. I smiled at them on my way out. "I'll be home by twelve," I said. "Bye. I love you."
"Love you, too," they called before I closed the door. We made our way to Serena's T-bird parked on the curb and slid into the car. I sat in the backseat and began to change into the lacy blue heels. Once I'd changed into those, I discarded my sweatshirt and straightened the halter crop top.
"I'm assuming you're dragging me to the Zodiac in particular because Reece's band is playing," I said primarily to Serena. She grinned at me over her shoulder. "I'll take that as a confirmation."
Jasmine shifted in the passenger seat and faced me. "So what happened with your run-in with Porter?"
"It was weird," I responded. "He really rubs me the wrong way... Oh, I received another note today. It said that I should stop looking for Savannah if I valued her life, my friends' and mine."
Jasmine rolled her eyes. "Do they want you to back off or do they want you to keep searching? They need to make up their minds!"
"Tell me about," I muttered. In about ten minutes or so, Serena parked in The Zodiac's lot. The Zodiac was a club, but they didn't check for ID because it was one of those all-ages places that didn't serve alcohol. A lot of local bands played on the weekends, including Reece's. We'd been a few times before, but Jasmine and I weren't really the nightclub type. The only reason why we went to the Zodiac or Vortex was because of how excited Serena got when we were there. If it weren't for Serena, Jasmine and I would probably never leave our houses or go farther than the movie theater.
Serena grinned and checked her crimson lipstick one more time; she smacked her lips and wiped off the excess lipstick with a Kleenex. "Are you girls ready to have some well-deserved fun?"
"No," Jasmine and I replied in unison.
Serena ignored us, rolling her eyes. "Oh, well. Prepare yourselves to have fun, anyway."