
I nodded. "Must be tough...."
"Excuse me?" he said, raising his eyebrows inquisitively.
"I just mean that it must be tough, you know, being a detective and not being paid much even though the work you do is so important," I said. I watched his face carefully. I didn't know where I was going with this, but I was hoping I would witness something suspicious. I needed to confirm my own reservations about him somehow. Something was off about Detective Porter, and I was determined to figure out what exactly it was that he was hiding.
He shrugged, smiling at me. "I know what I do is important; if I didn't do it, who would?"
"I see your point," I stated. I forced a smile. "Well, I better get going if I'm going to make it home in time for the Harry Potter movie marathon. Have a nice night, Detective Porter."
"You, too, Nora. Give your mother and father my best wishes," he said as he passed by me. "Oh, and tell them I'm doing everything I can to discover Savannah's whereabouts."
"I'll be sure to mention it," I said before I pushed my cart away from him and towards the dairy section. I glanced over my shoulder at Porter, and then, he turned down an aisle, disappearing from my line of vision. I shuddered and continued grocery shopping.
When I'd retrieved everything on Mom's grocery list and added a few things I needed (aka Rocky Road ice cream), I went through the check-out line and headed out to my car. I loaded the groceries into my trunk before I rolled the shopping cart over to the little area where you return them. When I came back to my car, there was a piece of paper tucked underneath my windshield wiper. My heart palpitated in my chest as I plucked the note out from under the narrow piece of modified plastic.
In red ink that matched the color of those balloons was a typed note that read: Stop looking for your sister if you value her life, your friends' and yours.
I turned my head left and right, searching the parking lot. There was Mrs. Taylor, the old redheaded woman who'd long-since retired from being the secretary at the dentist's office. Opposite her were the Paynes, the first gay married couple West Brook ever had. Elsewhere, I saw Alaina Lewis, a single mother with three kids and another on the way. I babysat for her sometimes. Then, finally, I saw Detective Noel Porter packing bagged groceries into the bed of his truck.
I held the note firmly in my hand. I wanted to run across the parking lot and confront him about being a member of the Coterie, but I had no evidence. I had nothing to go off of except for a gut feeling I'd had since the day I met him.
So, I pushed the urge to be impulsive down and slid into the driver's seat of my car. And I drove home.
⏳⏳⏳
Dad had helped me put up the groceries when I got back home. I told him I would come downstairs when the marathon began on television before running upstairs to my room. I locked the door and sat down at my desk. It took a minute for Google Chrome to load, but once it did, I typed the Coterie of Killers into the search box and hit 'Enter.'
Most of the results on the first page mentioned the word coterie or killers, but none of the links took me to something related to my situation. I clicked over to the second page of results; everyone knows that you only go to the second page if you're desperate. And I had reached the peak of desperation.
I scrolled down until I came across an article about the Coterie of Killers and their involvement with Alexis Ellington's abduction and eventual murder. I read over it with no luck. I already knew all the details outlined in the article because I'd read about them in the newspaper archives.