
"Honey, what are you thinking right now?" Dad asked Mom. He was lightly holding her elbow, and they were doing that husband and wife thing in which they communicated through a single, simple expression.
"I'm starting to think my daughter was taken."
⏳⏳⏳
"No, Detective, I did not see the clown kidnap my sister, but he kept smiling creepily at me and winking. And he bumped into me, causing me to drop my things, and when I stood back up, my sister was gone. Coincidence? I think not."
"It sounds more like this clown guy liked you," Detective Porter said, and the surrounding officers all laughed.
"Skippy did not like me!" I exclaimed, growing more and more agitated. My sister was missing, and it was my fault. No one was doing anything about it. Not really. The police were interviewing people, but I couldn't find a single person that had been at the first, unauthorized, show. The police didn't believe me, and instead, they were wasting valuable time by looking for someone who had been there. "Is this so-called interview over?"
Detective Porter nodded. "Sure. If you don't want your sister to be found."
"Oh, I want her found. But I can figure out a better way to do it," I said, spinning on my heel and leaving Detective Porter in the dust.
I pulled my cellphone from my pocket and dialed Serena's number. "Hey, can we meet up? Tell Jasmine, too."
After I told my mom where I was going and why, I walked down to the bus station to take a bus back to West Brook. I was extremely paranoid. I swear I flinched every time someone moved, coughed or breathed. And when the bus pulled up next to my stop, I practically ran out of the vehicle. I hopped into the backseat of Serena's mint green 2013 Thunderbird. "Hey," I greeted.
"Hey," they said in unison. They glared at each other momentarily, and then Serena put the car in drive. She pulled out into the road and started to drive to one of our favorite restaurants.
"So, what happened? You sounded frantic on the phone. Urgent, too," Serena said.
"Yeah. We were both freaking out," Jasmine chimed in. She turned in her seat to look at me.
I shook my head. "I'll explain when we get to Carvalho's," I said. We rode in awkward silence until we reached the restaurant. Even then we were quiet until the waiter brought us our drinks and the cheese dip. I broke a tortilla chip in half and dipped it into some salsa. "Stop staring at me," I said.
Serena dropped her chip onto her napkin. "Will you please just tell us what's going on?"
I sighed. "Savannah's missing."
"What?! What happened? Start from the beginning!" Jasmine cried.
"Savannah and I were attending a magic show at EBPS. There was this female magician and a clown assistant named Skippy. Well, Sav was picked to participate in the closing act, the disappearing one. She was fine after the trick was over. I was rummaging through my purse for my phone so I could take a picture, and Skippy bumped into me. I dropped everything. When I'd put everything back in my bag, Savannah was gone. I looked everywhere, and there was no sign of her."