
Chapter Five
"This is the second most insane thing we've ever done," Jasmine whispered.
"What was the first?" Serena whispered back.
"Going swimming at the beach in January last year. We almost contracted hypothermia."
"You're right. Not our best moment," Serena agreed.
"Guys," I whispered urgently. "While I also agree that was not our most brilliant idea, we need to focus. We have a mission, and we will follow through."
People say you don't know who your real friends are until you've majorly screwed up, and the true friends are the ones who stay and have your back. Other people say you don't know who your real friends are until you're going through a difficult time, and the ones who bring you ice cream are your true friends. But me, I say that your true friends are the ones who are willing to give up a Saturday night to drive across town to a school to trespass on a crime scene in order to obtain real answers about why your sister would have been kidnapped by people pretending to be a magician and a clown.
That is true friendship. Also, wearing matching black outfits while doing so is a major true friend factor.
The three of us crept out from behind Serena's car. We crossed the parking lot to get to the school. Everything was still set up; all of it would be cleaned up as soon as the cops gave the OK. Which could be as soon as tomorrow and I'm sure as hell not going to waste this opportunity.
Seeing the festival at night like this made me hate carnivals and clowns even more than I previously did. I switched on my flashlight and headed for the stage. "Let's just get this over with," I whispered.
Jasmine and Serena also turned on their flashlights. I led them to the stage; the curtains had been taken down by now, and I'm sure they were packed away somewhere in that big, fancy, boy school. I sighed in relief when I saw the disappearing act box was still there. Actually, it hadn't been moved since the unofficial magic show performed by criminal masterminds.
"Guys, this is the box," I said, hurrying over to it. I held my breath as I opened the door. I didn't know what I was expecting, really. But I didn't think it would be empty. I stepped inside and pushed on the back of the box. I felt it slightly give way. I smiled to myself. The magic box had a false back. I found a small handle that would go unnoticed to someone not deliberately looking for it. The space behind the false back was small enough to hide someone during a magic trick. "Well, I solved the mystery of how a disappearing act works."
"How?" Jasmine asked. "I've always wanted to know."
"False back," I answered. "It's a door, and the person steps behi- AHHH!" I screamed when the floor collapsed beneath me, and I landed underneath the actual stage. I stood up and brushed the dirt off my black pants. I shone my flashlight around me and was relieved to find no dead bodies.
"Nora? Nora, are you okay? What happened?" Serena called down.
"Duh. Isn't it obvious?" Jasmine retorted. "Moira Swanson and Skippy set this box up over a trapdoor in the stage. You must have triggered something while you were in the box, Nora, therefore releasing both of the trap doors. And you fell. By the way, are you all right?"
I chuckled humorlessly. "I'm fine. But now I know how the sons of bitches kidnapped my little sister. I've never hated clowns so much in my life."
"Just try to find a way out," Serena said.
"Okay," I said, crouching down and continuing along. I moved my flashlight around and looked for a way out. At the very end of the stage, I saw a gap large enough for someone to slip through. I quickly crept to the exit and slid through. "Guys, I found the exit..." I trailed off and dropped my flashlight.