
Something wet and rough touched my arm and I jumped in surprise. I looked down to see Holly, who had just licked my arm. I set my empty container of yogurt and the spoon on my nightstand before picking Holly up and setting her on my lap. I stroked the spot behind her ears, and she closed her eyes, softly purring. "Where have you been today, huh? Probably down by the brook trying to catch that slippery, sly fish," I said to my cat.
Holly glanced up at me briefly, her eyes in slits. I swear, sometimes I think she actually understands what I'm saying. I try not to talk to my cat in "baby talk," you know, that stupid voice people use when they speak to babies, or even their pets. Like that'll make them understand you any better...  And I'm almost one hundred percent sure that my feisty feline would gouge my eyes out if I ever talked to her in a high-pitched screech.
Without a warning, Holly sprang off of my bed and to the floor before pouncing up onto the window bench in the bay window where the plum curtains were shut tightly over the three transparent panels. During the day, when I draw the curtains back, Holly likes to bask in the sunlight while I curl up with my latest literary endeavor. I usually find Holly napping on the window seat, though, regardless of the time or if the window is covered. The window seat is her spot as much as it is mine.
I glanced over at The Wall of Pictures and spotted one photo of Savannah and me taken just a few months ago on her fourteenth birthday. Everyone says she and I look alike; it's true that we do share similar physical traits, but we are very, very different when it comes to our personalities.
Savannah and I both have dark chocolate brown hair, but she has natural blonde highlights, and I have red undertones. In that particular photograph, the sun was illuminating us, making her hair look a little caramelized and mine more auburn. We were standing in front of bright green trees in the photo; the green made Sav's bright blue eyes pop with color. My gunmetal gray irises were still as dull and gray as the lead on an unsharpened pencil.  Savannah and I both have somewhat fair skin, though she tans more easily than I do... actually, I don't tan at all. I just burn.
Savannah is the average height for a fourteen year old, I suppose. She's slim, though I don't know how what with all the junk food she consumes. I eat like a health nut, except for the occasional ice cream sandwich or a Hershey's chocolate bar with almonds, and my stomach is still a tad pudgy. Then again, she is flat-chested while I am certainly not. I only wear a 36C, not that that information needs to be repeated or circulated, but every bra fits every female differently because we are all "unique in our own special ways."
Moving on to our disparate personas now... Savannah is outwardly friendly, key word there being outwardly. She's really only unkind to me, as is the tradition with siblings and especially with sisters. She's pessimistic, rude, mean, outspoken, finicky and downright difficult, but she's also funny and, on rare occasions, actually nice to me. Despite her seemingly negative nature, she's the one that wears bright colors and listens to gross, upbeat, pop music...
Whereas I try to be nice to everyone; admittedly, it's a struggle to do that. Do you even know how many jerks and idiots I have to associate myself with on a daily basis? Honestly, I don't know how I've survived for this long. I am, or so I'm told, intelligent; most days I don't feel very smart, though. Sarcasm is my reflexive defense mechanism, and I think that verbal irony pretty much runs through my veins at this point in my life. I'm not extremely patient, and I'm often ill-tempered– but I blame Savannah for that.