
Chapter Nine
"Brandon said the man had gray hair, was in his early forties and wore gray slacks, a gray sports coat and a white button-down. And black sunglasses," I told Serena and Jasmine as I perused the canned goods aisle at the local market. Mom had sent me on a grocery run since I had done nothing but pace back and forth across the house since I'd gotten home from school. I hadn't had a chance to relay Brandon's tidbit of information to S and Jazz when I'd arrived back at West Brook High, so I was in the middle of a three-way call with them. Thank God for the conference call app.
In the background, I could hear two little kids fighting with each other, and I knew those must have been Jasmine's siblings. She had a brother and a sister, twins, who were both seven years old. She had an older brother, too, but he was away at college. Harvard, actually. Jasmine's parents were divorced, and she and her siblings lived with her dad; her mom resided in a couple towns over. Jasmine didn't see her mom much after the split; she was remarried now and had several children. I heard a door shut and figured it had been Jasmine. She was munching on potato chips which made my stomach growl. "Okay. So now we have a mystery man who is most likely in charge of this operation."
"No... I don't think he's in charge of the operation," Serena said. I could imagine Serena in her overwhelmingly pink bedroom with posters of bands and beautiful landscapes taped up on her walls. She was most likely lying on her bed, one hand supporting her head and the other being used to flip through the latest issue of Seventeen. Her phone would be next to the magazine, on speaker so she wouldn't have to sit there and hold it. And her old hot pink CD player that doubled as a radio would be resting on her nightstand and turned to the Today's Hits radio station.
"Elaborate," Jasmine said, crunching on another chip.
"Well, Mystery Man is more than likely second in command; the true director of the operation wouldn't be there in person. That's too dangerous. So, he'd send his second-in-command... someone he trusted," she explained. I heard her turn another page and smiled to myself. Only Serena Vaughn could be a genius and up to date in the world of fashion and celebrities.
I finally grabbed two cans of ravioli off of the shelf and placed them in my cart. "Alright. Now, we have a list of suspects, Mystery Man and Mystery Man's Boss to worry about," I said, sighing. "Not bad considering it's almost been a week since she went missing..."
"And still nothing from the police?" Jasmine asked.
"Nothing. It doesn't surprise me, though," I said. "If the Coterie has someone on the inside, who knows what kind of information they're withholding?"
I reached the end of the aisle and turned to the left... and collided with another shopping cart. "Oh! I'm so sorry...." I trailed off. "Detective Porter, hi."
"Nor, what's going on? What's Porter doing?" Serena asked. "Does he look as hot as he usually does?"
I rolled my eyes. "No, S. He does not. I'll talk to you guys later," I said before ending the call. I slipped my phone into my back pocket and faced Porter. "I'm sorry for bumping into you."
He waved his hand dismissively. "You're not entirely to blame," he said. "I apologize as well."
I nodded. I glanced at his shopping cart. He had light bulbs, a flashlight, double-A batteries, three packs of Ramen noodles, bottled water and a few Lunchables. "I see you're on the Ramen noodle diet, too," I said.
He immediately looked down at his cart before peering into mine; he must have noticed the packs of Ramen in my cart. "Yes, well... when you're on a government salary, you can't really afford much more."