
"Either way, we need to discuss this... in person," he said. There was a brief pause. "Of course I'm paranoid! The CIA has been on our tail since the Ellington operation. We have to be extremely careful. I'll meet you at a secure location. Any suggestions? ... The place on the corner of Fifth and Monroe? Yeah, I know the place. I thought it shut down. ... Oh, really? When? ... Huh. Well, I'll see you there in a week's time. Don't get yourself killed or caught in the time being, kay?"
He ended the call just as I slipped on the steps. I felt him turn my way; I pressed my back to the wall and hoped he wouldn't walk towards the club. I heard footsteps, but I couldn't determine if they belonged to Geiger or someone else. My question was answered when I saw Detective Porter walking down the sidewalk. He lifted his hand at Geiger Sutton. "Evening, Sir," he said.
Geiger mumbled something and turned, walking in the opposite direction. Porter drew closer and saw me with my back to the wall. He looked me up and down. "Nora? What the hell are you doing?"
"Um. Nothing," I replied quickly. "Just getting some fresh air; it was pretty stuffy in there."
"Uh-huh..." he trailed off. There was an "Unlikely story" comment hanging in the air; he didn't even have to say it aloud.
I reached for the door handle. "Well, I will see you around, then, Porter. Have a nice night." I darted inside the building before he could respond. Serena and Jasmine were backstage, now, and as soon as they spotted me, they walked over to me.
Serena cocked her hip and rested her hand on her side. "Where did you go? Reece said you just ran off!"
I stepped closer towards them. "Guys, I know who Mystery Man is."
I expected a "Yay!" or even a "Who?" but what I received was Serena throwing her hands up and groaning agitatedly. "Seriously? The Coterie manages to worm its way into every aspect of your life, doesn't it?"
I shrugged sheepishly. "I'm a killer magnet; they find me, S."
Jasmine, always the voice of reason, said, "Okay. Here's what we're going to do. We're going to get out there, and watch the band perform. And then we're going to leave, and on the way to Nora's house, she can tell us everything she discovered. Sound good?"
We nodded before heading out to the dance floor. Parental Advisory Not Wanted played for a solid thirty minutes, and they were pretty good. They weren't, however, able to distract me from what I'd witnessed outside. I kept playing Geiger's conversation in my head over and over again, but nothing was clicking. We had all these suspects and suspicions, but we didn't have any substantial facts, no evidence, nothing. I was starting to think we'd hit a bump in our search for Savannah.
⏳⏳⏳
It was barely eleven o'clock when I got back home from the Zodiac. I'd told Serena and Jasmine everything I knew, and they were baffled, too. Things just didn't add up.
Mom was sitting on one of the bar stools, and Dad was opposite her, leaning against the counter, when I came into the house. Mom had a cup of hot tea in front of her, and there was an open can of Coca-Cola in front of Dad. Their faces were solemn, grim even. I instantly thought of Savannah. "What's wrong? Is it Sav?"
Mom shook her head right away. "No, sweetheart. There's still no news," she answered. She patted the stool next to her. "Come sit down."
I dropped my bag on the couch and sat down next to Mom. She took my hands in hers, wrapping her chilled fingers around my own. She opened her mouth, but she second-guessed her ability to speak. Dad jumped to her rescue. "Nora, your grandmother has taken ill. The doctors are saying she might not make it," he explained.