
They shared a look. "What is it, sweetie?" Mom asked, rubbing my back soothingly.
"I know for a fact it was Moira Swanson and Skippy who kidnapped Savannah. Now, don't be mad, but I went back to the school. And when I did, I found something. I stepped into the disappearing act box and fell through it. The box's bottom was placed over the stage's trapdoor. I triggered something and fell through. I was underneath the stage, and I found an opening at the end. That's how the kidnapper was able to take Savannah without anyone noticing; they waited until no one was watching and made a run for it. While I was distracted, Savannah must have stepped back into the box or she was forced into it," I told them. "I know it's a little farfetched, but... it's something."
"Do you think this is funny, Nora?" Mom asked sternly.
I was taken aback to the max. "No! I think this is a very serious matter, Mom."
"Okay, then why did you invent such an unbelievable story?" she asked. She stood up suddenly, crossed her arms and began to pace. "Go to your room. We'll deal with this later. We're expecting a visit from Detective Porter soon, and I'd rather you not be down here when he comes."
I glanced at Dad and pleaded with my eyes. He shrugged. "You heard your mother, Nor."
I grabbed my messenger bag and ran upstairs, purposefully slamming my door. I threw my bag onto my bed, and I was about to jump onto the bed, but the doorbell rang downstairs. Well... a little eavesdropping never hurt anyone, did it? Actually, I can think of several cases in which it did, and I will keep my fingers crossed that this will not become one of those cases.
I opened my door quietly and slipped into the hallway. I couldn't hear very well, so I crouched down and perched on one of the steps on the staircase. I could see Detective Porter standing in the foyer. Upon further examination, I found that Detective Porter was rather easy on the eyes. He had inky black hair, soft brown eyes, deep brown skin and a few days' worth of stubble that really accentuated his strong jawline. He wore dark jeans, a light blue collared button-down and a dark gray vest. He couldn't have been a day over thirty.
Well, I've officially lost my mind by checking out the detective who's going to try and find my kidnapped sister.
"I'm sorry to drop in so late," he apologized. "It's beyond chaotic down at the station."
"It's quite all right," my mom said, hugging her jacket closer to her body. "So, what can you tell us?"
Porter shifted nervously. "Not much, Mrs. Chamberlayne. Your daughter was right; we couldn't find a single person that attended the first show."
Told you so.
Porter continued, "We were, however, able to gain access to the security footage from EBPS. After watching the video, we learned that all of the audience of that first show immediately fled to the parking lot and left. We've concluded that Moira Swanson and Skippy paid them to attend the first show and then leave. That was the only evidence we obtained from the footage. The rest of it had been wiped out."
I heard my mom and dad sigh loudly. They didn't know what to make of this. My mind, however, was buzzing with possible explanations and ways to piece the puzzle together. But my sleuthing would have to wait until Porter left.
"If you have any questions or need anything at all, please call. Here's my number," he said, handing them a card. Porter was about to leave, but he hesitated. "I know times like these are difficult, but try your best to maintain hope. Your daughter will be found, and she will come home."