
Savannah doesn't visit the treehouse anymore. She thinks it's "lame." However, I do not think it to be lame, and I go there often. I frequently retreat to the serene place to read, study or simply to seek refuge with my best friends from our chaotic lives. The three of us hang out there all the time; it's practically a second home for our trio.
I finally reached the backdoor and pulled it open, half-expecting Savannah to have locked it as she does time and again. Just as I was about to cross the threshold, I heard something like a stick being stepped on and instantaneously jerked my head in the direction of the noise.
My heart palpitated and beads of sweat started to form on my forehead and the back of my neck despite the chilliness of the November night. I listened carefully, straining my ears to pick up any and every sound, even the rustling of leaves in the evening breeze, but there was no sign of movement; the only noises were the animalistic ones coming from birds of the night, insects and other nocturnal creatures in the woods. I resisted the urge to stupidly call out and ask if anyone was there. I would imagine that if someone was in fact lurking in the forest behind my house that they'd be smart enough to not alert me of their presence.
I stepped inside after a moment longer and bolted the door shut. I scanned my eyes over the area warily before closing the curtains tightly over the window part of the door, blocking the view of the inside to any creeps that might be out there. I took a deep breath and attempted to slow down my racing heart. There's nothing out there, I assured myself. Your nerves are just getting the better of you. I backed away from the door, doubting my own reassurance.
⏳⏳⏳
"Merde," I muttered under my breath as I gently cleaned my injured skin with a washcloth doused in rubbing alcohol. (Merde is French for a certain "S" word...)
It's odd, I know, to swear in a language that is not my first and foremost, but my parents would sew my lips shut without hesitation if they ever heard me use such language in English. Neither of my parents speaks French. And, anyhow, I've grown accustomed to swearing in various languages– French mainly, seeing as I take it as my foreign language class, and everything sounds better in French. I could just not use curse words altogether, but it's a habit I don't intend to break. Besides, I'm a teenager; cussing is like a rite of passage.
After I showered and changed into a T-shirt advertising my favorite band (Ladylike Leather) and a pair of soffe shorts, I headed downstairs and into the kitchen, straight to the medicine cabinet. Just to be extra careful, I decided to clean all the nicks with rubbing alcohol. The last thing I needed was one of the cuts getting infected or something. All of the injuries stung now, and my body felt stiff and bruised and I groaned every time I moved. I felt a lot like one of the ancient sycamore trees deep in the woods, the one that creaks when the wind blows, moaning and groaning as if the slightest movement is causing its prehistoric limbs to ache.
I sat on the kitchen counter in a spot close to the medicine cabinet, bandaging a big slash on the palm of my left hand. "It's a good thing I'm right-handed," I mumbled as I heard footsteps on the carpeted stairs. I didn't look up from my hurt palm. There was no need; I knew who it was.
Savannah walked into the kitchen and went to the refrigerator. She pulled open the freezer door and extracted two rectangular objects wrapped in white paper. Ice cream sandwiches. "Want one?" she asked, holding a bar out to me.