
In five short minutes, I was at Jasmine's ranch style house, idling on the curb with the top down. I texted her saying that I was outside. I waited another two minutes for her to actually come outside. She walked across her front lawn clumsily, dropping her purse three times. I was laughing when she opened the passenger door and slid in. She merely glared at me. "Just drive to Serena's. And quit laughing. You're the one who got her ass kicked by Mother Nature," she said, smirking at me.
That shut me up. I knew I shouldn't have called and told her and Serena... I pulled away from her house and started for Serena's. I glanced over at Jasmine. Today she was wearing a pink and black plaid skirt, a white blouse and an open black cardigan. The fuchsia pink on her skirt was bright against her dark brown skin, and her silky, onyx black hair was pulled back into a high ponytail. Jasmine Reid had the preppiest style and attitude of anyone I've ever met. But hey, she's my best friend, and I loved her for it.
Serena lived about three blocks away from Jasmine, so we arrived there in no time at all. Serena was already waiting for us when I pulled up in her cobbled driveway. Jasmine and I both rolled our eyes when we saw our best friend. Serena Vaughn is what you might call a fashionista. Serena was wearing a top with Marilyn Monroe's face emblazoned on it, a black blazer and black high waisted shorts. And flamingo pink wedges. I didn't know how she wasn't freezing; although, her pale pink rose skin was tinged with a darker pink as if it had been nipped at by the wind. She walked gracefully to my car and carefully climbed into the back. Quickly, Serena tied a silk scarf over her wavy strawberry blonde hair to keep it from being ruffled by the wind. "Nora, I don't understand why you must leave the top down on my good hair days," she said.
I started driving in the direction of our favorite coffee shop and peered back at Serena. "S, every day that it's not raining is a good hair day for you. I can't help that the rain makes your hair frizzy, and I obviously can't leave the top down on rainy days."
"Well, her hair wouldn't be frizzy if it were wet," Jasmine pointed out. "It'd be straight and slicked back."
"True. But the interior of my baby would be ruined," I said, patting my dashboard.
Serena made a noise that sounded like she was gagging. "Ugh, Nor, this music is atrocious."
"No, it's not. It's Guns N' Rose Greatest Hits," I told her, turning up the volume. The three of us had different tastes when it comes to music. I liked rock and indie music. Jasmine preferred classical and instrumental songs. And Serena liked the Top 40 and electronic dance music.
The three of us were different in general. Jasmine was preppy, smart and logical. She played volleyball and volunteered at Memorial, where her dad worked as a surgeon. Serena was fun, quirky and smart; she was the president of drama club, and also captain of the debate team. And me, well, I was smart and wore whatever was clean and really into music and literature; I helped the kids at the elementary school read and take AR tests on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays... and I was in the drama club with Serena and Jasmine, but that was about it.
I parked in an empty space at Coffee & Toffee. They served coffee and toffee, hence the name of the café, but they also served a lot of other things, too. Their coffee was the best in town, and the toffee was delicious and well-known for its deliciousness.
The silver bell on the door jingled when we entered. Serena and Jasmine sat down at a booth to wait while I walked up to the counter to place our order. The boy behind the cash register had curly blonde hair and warm brown eyes, and he was smiling at me. "Nora, Nora, Nora. My favorite customer," he said.