
"That could work, but why would we want to start a school newspaper?" Jasmine asked.
"Universities. We'll say it's to pad our college applications," Serena said, nodding. "That's good, right?"
I nodded, slightly smiling. "Perfect...."
"What is it, Nora?" Jasmine asked, looking concerned.
"I just– I'm so thankful for you two. I don't want either of you to get hurt, but I'm so glad you're helping me. I don't think I could do this by myself. I know this is risky, like beyond, beyond dangerous, but I think we'll be okay," I said. I was on the verge of tears. I hadn't cried because of Savannah's abduction yet, and I wasn't planning on letting myself cry now. I steeled myself and looked up at the ceiling. Breathe, Nora. Breathe.
"Nothing's going to happen to us," Serena assured me. I was uncertain, but I kept my doubts to myself for the time being.
As soon as the bell rang at three forty-eight, I was practically running out the classroom. I slowed down as I merged into the massive crowds. I made my way through the spaces as best as I could. That was one of the things I liked about myself. I was basically invisible to these people. I could blend in or stay quiet, and you'd never know I had been there. Most people would see this as a bad thing, but I looked at it in an entirely different perspective. Being able to blend in and go unnoticed was a godsend. I could easily make my way through the crowded hallways. Slip through people at the mall. Pop up on the other side of one of my friends or Mom or Dad. It freaked them out so much.
In about three minutes I was walking across the student parking lot, careful not to stand in the way of any impatient high school students. Serena and Jasmine were coming from a different direction, and we met at the car at the same time. "Wow. Perfect timing."
"I keep trying to tell you guys we're in synch," Serena said, climbing into the backseat.
"Nora and I never disagree with you," Jasmine stated. She and I both sat down in the front. I inserted the keys and lowered the top before I did anything else. Serena and Jasmine started to talk about their last class, microeconomics. I was listening, but I was focusing more on the road. I pressed the audio button and waited for 94.5 to stream through my speakers. Instead of the classics playing, creepy carnival music floated from the speakers. I pressed several buttons, but the music wouldn't stop. I finally hit the eject button and out came a cassette tape.
I glanced at the tape while I drove. This wasn't one of mine. I would know. I know exactly what all of my tapes look like and what songs are on them. I turned the tape over, and my heart pounded harder in my chest. On the tape label, this was written in red ink:
Did you get our note this morning? I bet you did. Thank Heather, Donna and Maddie for us, would you?
I handed the tape to Jasmine, keeping my eyes on the road. "What's this?" she asked. I heard her gasp and knew she'd read the message. Jazz passed it back to Serena who also inhaled sharply.
"Are they serious? They're telling you to back off while simultaneously provoking you. That's so messed up. This whole situation is messed up," Serena ranted from the backseat.
"Tell me about it," I muttered, pulling into a parking space at the West Brook precinct. We got out of my car and headed inside.
"Hey Frankie," Jasmine, Serena and I said in unison. Frankie has been working in the WB police department for as long as I can remember. He's a big guy with a little bit of blond hair; he's one of the sweetest people on the planet, but he's not afraid to be tough when it's necessary.