
"It will be when I win the cake," she said with a hint of arrogance.
I laughed. "Please. I will need some cake after this day is over."
"Me too," she agreed. "Can I have some popcorn?"
"Sure," I answered. I turned around, used the scooper and filled a small container with popcorn. I handed it to Sav. "On the booth."
She rolled her eyes. "Oh my gosh. I'm going to walk away and pretend I don't know you now."
"Bye Savannah! My dear, dear sister; how I love you so!" I called after her. I watched as she walked away faster, and I laughed. I stared after her and her red fliers, and slowly the memory of a hundred red balloons drifted into my thoughts. At first, I thought I imagined the whole thing, but after thinking about it extensively, I'm absolutely positive I didn't imagine it. I know what I saw; I'm just unsure of why exactly I saw it and what it meant.
My investigative inquiries came to an end when a boy my age and who I'm assuming was his little sister came to the counter. I smiled and went to work, all the while thinking about those stupid red balloons.
⏳⏳⏳
The clock was about to show that it was finally three o'clock. And my mother was walking over to me, right on schedule. "Hi Nora! You're doing great. You can take a break now..." she said, but hesitated at the end of her sentence.
I sighed. "What is it, Mom?"
She lit up, pleased she didn't have to bring it up herself. "Would you mind taking Savannah to the magic show?"
"Of course I don't mind," I mumbled unenthusiastically.
"Great! Now hurry up. It's about to start." She shooed me out from behind my safe, cozy booth stocked with delicious popcorn. I grabbed two full containers before hurrying off to find Savannah. I spotted her waiting for me near the magic show entrance. She waved when she saw me, and I walked faster, trying not to spill anymore popcorn than I already had. I was out of breath when I approached her.
"What took you so long? It's starting in two minutes," she whined.
"I'm... sorry... other side... of campus," I said in between deep breaths. "Here." I handed her a plastic box of popcorn.
"Thanks," she said, popping a few pieces in her mouth. "Let's go."
I followed her to the entrance where a boy with sandy blonde hair awaited in a purple suit. I was about to walk in when he held out his cane. "Six dollars," he said flatly.
I glared at Savannah. "I thought you already paid."
She laughed. "Like I have money... You're hilarious, Nora the Explorer."
I rolled my eyes at that ridiculous nick name and dug six ones out of my wallet. I handed the crumpled bills to the student before following Savannah into the large, closed off area. We found two seats in the middle and sat down right as classic carnival music began to play. And if the carnival music wasn't creepy enough, out came the clown.
I instantly turned away from the stage, shielding my eyes. Oh no. Oh no. Ohnoohnoohno. No, no, no, no, no, no. Not a clown. Not a clown. Anything but a clown.
Savannah nudged my arm. "Quit being a baby. It's just a person with powder and paint on. Chill."
I squeezed my eyes shut, took deep breaths and then opened my eyes. The clown was walking down the center aisle now, the center aisle I was conveniently sitting next to. The clown made it to my row and paused. The clown had curly hair the color of those balloons that had disappeared from my backyard. His face was painted a ghostly white color, and black diamonds had been drawn over his eyes. He wore a red nose on his face, and his mouth had been painted red; it stretched over his lips and spread to his cheeks. He wore a typical clown outfit: puffy, polka-dotted, pajama-like with a wide white collar. When he paused by my row, he did a little jig, spun around and held his arms out to me, gesturing. The audience clapped. While they were distracted, the clown winked at me, smiling lethally. I stared at him, almost challenging him to do something. He simply cackled before moving on through the audience.