
Chapter Seven
Mr. Vaughn took a bite of his turkey sandwich. When he'd finished chewing, he wiped his mouth with his napkin, eyeing us suspiciously, and said, "So. What do you want to know?'
Jasmine pulled a notebook out from her bag, and with a pen in her hand, she began to ask the questions we'd thought of during the course of the day. "How many people are currently employed at the station?"
He thought about this for a moment. "Um. Let's see. We have four detectives, including me, about twenty-five officers and three secretaries who work the desk at different times. So that's thirty-two employees."
Jasmine scribbled that number down before asking the next question. "How many of these employees were hired in the past year or so?"
"Uh, just four. Officers Michael Whitmore, Joan Walker, Stephanie Morris and Detective Porter," he answered.
While Jasmine wrote the names down in her notebook, Serena leaned forward and asked, "Could you please give us the dates they were hired?"
Her dad's eyebrows contorted together, and he tilted his head curiously. "Girls, what's this really about?"
Serena smiled innocently; she was brilliant at that. "The school paper, Daddy. We just want to give the new guys and the rest of you proper recognition."
"Okay. Okay. Ask away," he said, rhyming. Jasmine, Serena and I alternated the roles of the interviewer, and after an hour of interviewing Mr. Vaughn for our own surreptitious reasons, Mr. Vaughn drove us back to the station, and he waved at us as we drove off towards my house. We didn't talk about the interview on the way there. I would have preferred that topic to the one Serena was carrying on and on about.
"Oh my gosh, Nor. I know this probably isn't the time, but it was so cute the way Reece was so attentive to you, asking if you were okay and stuff. I wish boys were like that with me," she said wishfully.
Jasmine and I glanced at each other and laughed. "S, you have every boy at West Brook High wrapped around your finger," I stated.
She sighed. "Even so, none of them really care about me; they just care about my undeniable beauty and tasteful fashion choices."
Jasmine shook her head. "I cannot believe I am hearing this..."
Soon enough, I pulled into the driveway. The three of us climbed out of the car and headed through the woods to the treehouse. Once we were all inside, I lowered the hatch back down and brushed the dirt off of my hands on my jeans. I crossed the floor and plopped down onto the red beanbag in the corner. Jasmine sat crisscross-applesauce on the purple one, and Serena elegantly sat on her pink beanbag. We'd had these since we were ten.
"Now, it's time to address our first order of treehouse business," I said. "Jasmine, the interview notebook, please."
Jasmine extracted her notebook from her backpack and placed it in her lap. "So... based on Mr. Vaughn's responses and attitudes towards certain coworkers, and the facts, we now have a grand total of... fifteen suspects."
Serena and I visibly deflated. "Well, at least we've eliminated seventeen other people. That's a start," Serena said with positivity springing from every fiber of her being. I envied her ability to be optimistic.
"Yeah," I agreed. I let my head fall into my hands and sighed loudly. "We're never going to find her, and neither are the police because the kidnappers have someone on the inside... How did everything get so out of control? One minute, I'm at a carnival and shoveling popcorn into cartons, and next thing I know, my sister has been abducted! Like, does that not sound totally bizarre?"