
Jasmine reached out and took my hand. "We will find her, Nor. Have hope. Savannah is strong; she'll be all right. And I'm a technological genius, Serena is connected, and you're a badass. There's nothing that we can't accomplish," Jasmine said.
I nodded, trying to convince myself she was right. "Yeah. Exactly. We're SNJ. S, Nor and Jazz. We're like... Charlie's Angels or something."
"That's the spirit!" Serena exclaimed. She pulled her hair back into an elegant ponytail and crossed her long legs before leaning forward in her seat. "So, what's our next step?"
I considered all of the possibilities long enough to concoct a plan. "I say we continue to narrow down our suspects list, and I also think we should dig into some archives and see if anything like this has ever happened. Maybe if kidnappings like Savannah's have taken place before, we may be able to determine who's behind this scheme."
Jasmine nodded, deep in thought. "Serena and I could interview our current suspects while you get started on the research. I mean, the library is like your third home."
"True," I admitted with a slight smile. I worked at the school's library in the mornings before and after school, but only on some days. I wasn't being paid; although, I didn't really mind, seeing as it was kind of the perfect job. I was surrounded by a ton of books! What could be better than that? "I'll stay after school tomorrow and ask Caesar to help me go through the newspaper archives."
"Newspapers? This is the 21st century," Serena stated very matter-of-factly. "Aren't the articles online?"
I rolled my eyes. Of course she'd say that, Ms. I Can't Go Anywhere Without Wi-Fi. But I did agree with her; Brookfield needed to start posting the articles on a website, and the school really needed to transfer the newspaper info into the computer. Jasmine and I would most likely be the ones doing that... "Nope. I'll have to do my research the old-fashioned way."
Jasmine clapped her hands together. "All right; it's settled. S and I will interview the suspects, and Nora will do what she does best: read."
⏳⏳⏳
As soon as the last bell of the day rang, I hastily walked through the halls to get to the library. I pushed one of the two doors open and stepped inside, searching for the librarian. I observed that there were no students staying after school to use the computers. This would make my task so much easier.
I found Caesar in the storage room; everything from the laminating machine to the old VCR tapes was stored in here. Wow, our school really was outdated; we seriously needed to catch up with the times... I knocked on the door, scaring the daylights out of Caesar so much that he dropped the construction paper in his hand. Pieces of the colored paper were scattered everywhere. He glared at me. I shrugged and smiled sheepishly. "Oops. My bad," I said.
He rolled his eyes. "I bet you did that on purpose. Come on. Help me pick them up, now, would you?"
I automatically bent down to help him collect the papers. I handed him the stack I'd gathered, and we both stood up. "Now that my ungraceful moment has passed... Hi. How are you?"
Caesar's tender smile faltered. "Good... How about you? I heard about Savannah."
"Who hasn't?" I asked rhetorically. "But I'm okay. Thanks for asking."
"If there's anything I can do to help, let me know, okay?" he told me; genuine concern was showing over all of his handsome facial features. Caesar wasn't very old for a librarian; he was only in his mid-twenties. He had dark brown hair and inviting brown eyes. I felt like we'd become good friends... now that I think about it, other than Jasmine and Serena, all of my friends were adults. Leave it to me to have grown-up friends...