
Chapter Ten
Inside the Zodiac, nothing had changed since the last time we'd been there. The walls were painted a dark blue color and had been decorated with a multitude of constellations; their names were printed underneath them. Strobe lights flashed all around the building as people, mainly teenagers, danced to the deafening electronic music blaring from the speakers. I recognized most of the kids from school and around town, but I assumed the unfamiliar teenagers were from East Brook. As far as I knew, there weren't any all-ages places in East Brook, just here.
Serena held Jasmine's hand, and I held Jasmine's as S guided us over to the bar. She ordered three lemonades which we drank while sitting on the silver barstools; the barstools looked like they belonged in a retro, star-themed diner from maybe the fifties or sixties. The floor beneath us was littered with silvery, reflective confetti. All around me I saw silver and dark blue; they really liked this whole starry-night theme, and I meant that in a way unrelated to Vincent van Gogh's artwork.
I spotted Jada Thompson on the dance floor, and I waved. Jada was the daughter of the Brookfield mayor, Paul Thompson. She was in drama club, too; that's how we knew her. She made her way across the dance floor and smiled when she reached us. "Hey guys. I didn't know you were coming!"
"Last minute decision," Jasmine said, glancing at both Serena and me.
"Well, I'm glad you guys came," she shouted over the music. "Reece and the guys are about to go on; wanna say hi and good luck?"
Serena grinned and practically shoved me out of my seat. "Nora does," she said loudly, laughing. I shot her a look, but followed Jada backstage. Reece, Gabe, Milo, Will and Andre were setting up behind the blue velvet curtains. They smiled when they saw us approaching.
Reece finished with his cymbals before coming over to us. Jada flashed me an all-knowing smile and skirted around me to say hi to the rest of the band. Reece slid his hands in his pockets and smiled. "Hey, Nora. I wasn't expecting to see you here," he said.
"I didn't expect to be here," I said. "Serena persuaded me to come."
"I'm glad she did," he said. He began to talk to me about their set list, and I was listening... until I saw a man with gray hair walking towards the stage exit; he wore a black suit with no tie, and his cellphone was ringing. And his ringtone was that song: "Takin' Care of Business" by Bachman-Turner Overdrive. Something had already told me it was who I suspected, but the ringtone confirmed my suspicions about it being Mystery Man. I knew lots of working men wore suits and talked on their cellphones, but I didn't think that many people had the same ringtone; besides, nothing ventured, nothing gained, right?
I nodded at Reece and mumbled, "Excuse me one second," before following the possible Mystery Man. He pushed the backstage exit door open and stepped outside. I waited a moment, and then I followed behind him. I heard him say, "Put Ignacio on the phone." A few seconds passed before he spoke again. "Hello, Cabrera. It's Geiger Sutton."
So Mystery Man had a name: Geiger Sutton. (If this was in fact MM.)
He paused by a tree and placed a hand on his hip. I ducked behind the brick wall and listened in to what he was saying. "Cabrera, that's an order directly from Murdock. Now, if things were different we wouldn't have taken Savannah, but you know who her parents are," he said. "Cabrera" must have been saying something now. At least I knew for a fact this Geiger Sutton character was connected to the Coterie and not just some random man I was following.
I was so confused; beyond that, actually. I didn't know who Ignacio Cabrera was or why Geiger Sutton was talking to him. I had no clue who this Murdock guy was, but he did not sound pleasant; maybe he was Geiger's boss... And what did my parents have to do with this? My mom was a math teacher, and my dad fixed cars; they didn't lead double lives. They were completely normal!