
I felt like the worst person in the whole world. I actually felt relieved they weren't telling me something bad about Savannah. I was still worried about my grandmother, though. Grandma Ann was my maternal grandmother; she'd lost her husband around the time Savannah was born. She visited us frequently back then, but once her health diminished, her trips became less regular. My dad's parents had both died in a car accident before I was born, so I never met them. Dad didn't like talking about them much... So Grandma Ann was the only grandparent I had left. "Well, what happened? What illness does she have?"
"It's coronary artery disease, or atherosclerotic heart disease. Her coronary arteries have narrowed which limits the blood flow to the heart. It's treatable, but your father and I need to help with the medical insurance and such," Mom told me. "So we'll be going to Maine."
I nodded. "Okay. When are we leaving?"
Mom and Dad shared a look. "Nora," Dad began gently, "we're going. You, however, are staying here."
"Alone? For how long?" I asked.
Mom shrugged. "A week tops," she replied. "Look. We wish we could take you with us, but we need you to stay here. Someone needs to be here in case they find out anything regarding Savannah, and you can't miss a week of school, Nor. Not with Thanksgiving break in two weeks and all of your tests coming up. And someone has to feed Holly and take care of the house... It's just better if you stay here."
"All right. I understand. I have a few questions, though," I said, and they nodded for me to go ahead, ask away. "When are you leaving? Do you really trust me to stay home alone with the house and possible fire starters? Will you be home in time for Thanksgiving? Can you call me every day, or can I call you? Please tell me you're leaving money for pizza. I can only cook, like, ten things and six out of the ten come with instructions on the package."
"We're leaving on Tuesday, November tenth. And we trust you to stay home by yourself," Mom said. "We'll be home, we think, by the eighteenth. Of course we'll call, and yes, you can call us."
"Do you really think we wouldn't leave you money for pizza? You wouldn't last a day if we didn't," Dad said, smiling.
I returned his smile, though it was half-hearted. "Yeah. You're right."
Mom and Dad hugged me, and they each told me how much they loved me and how they'd miss me while they were in Maine. I turned to go up to my room, but Mom called me back. "One more thing, Nor. We've asked Detective Porter to check in on you every once and while to make sure you're safe. He has a key, and he'll come inside to check up on you; then, he'll do a perimeter search before he leaves. Mrs. Collins might drop in as well to see that you eat something besides Ezra's Pizza every day."
"Detective Porter?" I echoed incredulously. "Why Porter? Why not Mr. Vaughn?"
"Because Will has other things to do and a family of his own. I think you're familiar with his daughter. Blonde hair, slightly taller than you... kind of your best friend..." Dad said sardonically. I frowned at him.
"Okay, okay. I get the point," I muttered. Once we'd all said goodnight, I trudged upstairs and collapsed on my bed. So... not only was my entire life revolving around my sister's disappearance and how I was going to find her, but now my parents were going to travel all the way to Kittery, Maine to visit my ill grandmother while people known as the Coterie of Killers were playing a game of cat and mouse with me. Oh, and the man I suspected to be a member of the Coterie now had a key to my house.