
I closed out of the file and logged out of Mom's computer; she walked in a few seconds later. I smiled and swung my messenger bag back over my shoulder. "I should probably go now. I don't want to be late for class." I hugged Mom and gave her a peck on the cheek. "Bye, Mom. Love you."
Mom looked confused. "Bye, honey. Thanks for the sandwich."
I nodded and swiftly exited her room. I pulled the folded map out of my pocket and tried to locate the cafeteria. I probably should have glanced up every once in a while, but that hadn't occurred to me until after I'd bumped into someone.
The boy who'd also fallen onto the ground sat across from me; he had sandy blonde hair and hazel eyes. He was wearing the EBPS uniform, except his tie hung loosely around his neck and his shirt wasn't tucked in. Maybe he could tell me where the cafeteria was. "I am so sorry," I apologized. "I wasn't paying attention, and I'm a total klutz. Very bad combination."
He shook his head and laughed. "No, no. It was partly my fault." He stood up and offered his hand to me. I grasped it, and he helped me up. "I'm Caine, by the way."
"Nora," I said, gesturing to myself for some odd reason. "Um, could you possibly tell me where the cafeteria is? I'm looking for someone."
"Um, sure. Keep going straight until you reach the main concourse area, take a right and it should still be there unless some idiot's burned it down again," he said.
"Someone's burned the lunchroom down before?" I asked incredulously.
He nodded and rolled his eyes. "Yeah... It involved a fork, a microwave and a very stoned freshman."
I laughed at the ridiculousness of the incident. "Well, I will keep my distance from the freshmen. Thanks for your help, Caine, and I'm sorry I bumped into you. See you around," I said, already starting to head to the cafeteria. My lunch period would be over soon, and I still had to drive back to West Brook.
Once I was in the cafeteria, I scanned my eyes over the faces of the boys. It was much harder than I thought considering they were all wearing the same uniforms. But... I eventually spotted Brandon King seated at a table of kids who were presumably Goths. I wasn't sure how they could look so gothic with the prep school uniforms, but they were doing a very nice job of pulling it off. "Brandon King?"
He looked up; he seemed bored out of his mind. Then again, he was at school... "Yes?"
"Hi. I'm Nora Chamberlayne. Do you think I could talk to you for a second?" I asked.
A boy with dark black hair and thick eyeliner pointed at me. "Hey, aren't you the girl whose sister was kidnapped?"
"Yes," I bit out. I turned my attention back to Brandon. "Please? It's a matter of life and death, and I wish I were exaggerating."
He sighed and reluctantly stood up. We walked a few feet away from his table, and he folded his arms over his chest. "What's up?"
"I need you to tell me if you saw anything out of the ordinary at the carnival. Like, did you see Moira Swanson do anything... strange? Or did you see Skippy the Clown throw a girl into a van or anything like that?" I asked him. I knew it sounded silly, but I was starting to grow rather desperate.
Brandon shook his head. "Sorry, but no. They seemed like legitimate magicians at the time."