
Finding Savannah Bree Chamberlayne
· Kidnapped at 3:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.
· Location: magic show stage/disappearing act box at EBPS
· Suspects involved: Moira Swanson, Skippy the Clown (real name unknown at present time), Michael Whitmore, Stephanie Morris, Ted Hewitt, Riley Bates, Sasha Grayson and Detective Porter.
· Men who could possibly be involved based on extensive hacking: Jeremy Lawrence, Nick Carpenter, Austin Miller, Ralph Davis, Tyrone Willis and (no surprise here) Noel Porter
That was all the information I could contribute to the notebook for now. I sat back in my chair and tapped my pen against the paper, thinking. They'd already taken the carnival down at the school, and they hadn't been able to find a single person who had attended the magic show. But I distinctly remembered my mom telling me that the boy allowing everyone in was one of her students... Oh, what was his name? Brad... Brody... Brandon! Brandon King. Why didn't I think of this earlier? No, why didn't the police think of this earlier? Unless... unless they did, but the one who did the interviewing was the insider for the Coterie of Killers.
Oh my God. I am losing my mind. This whole thing is ridiculous. But was I going to stop looking for Savannah now? Hell no.
⏳⏳⏳
The next day I drove all the way to EBPS during lunch with the intention of attaining answers from Brandon King. I'd talked it over with Jasmine and Serena; they'd wanted to come with me, but I told them I could handle this one by myself.
I pulled into one of the parking spaces and grabbed the Subway bag in my passenger seat. I went into the front office and signed in; the woman at the front desk gave me a visitor's pass and a map after I'd asked her where my mom's classroom was. I didn't come here often; this place was swarming with teenage boys. I have nothing against boys. I mean, I like them, but teenage boys? Seriously? If you've met high school boys before, you should understand.
I followed the map, or I thought I followed the map. I got lost three times, but I eventually found Mom's classroom. I knocked on the door before entering. She was alone in the room and smiled when she saw me, but that smile quickly faltered. "Nora? What are you doing here? Why aren't you at school?"
"I brought you a flatbread sandwich from Subway," I said, holding the bag up.
Mom eyed me suspiciously. "I'm listening."
I rolled my eyes and walked over to her desk, and I gave her the sandwich. "Can't a daughter do something nice for her mother? And don't worry. It's lunchtime. I signed myself out," I told her. At least that part wasn't a lie.
Mom took a huge bite of her sandwich, and mayonnaise spurted all over her blouse. "Aw, crud!" Mom exclaimed. "Did you get napkins?"
I shook my head. "Shoot, that's what I forgot."
"Wait here. I'm going to the restroom to get this out," she said, standing up and leaving the room. I waited until she was out the door before I walked around her desk and sat down in her chair. I shook the mouse of her computer; it required a password. Luckily, I knew the username and password. The user was sachamberlayne (Shelby Ann Chamberlayne), and the password was savandnor (Sav and Nor).
I followed Jasmine's instructions and went to the file that contained student records. I quickly found Brandon King's file and clicked on it; according to his schedule, this was his lunch period. Great. I could have spent this time finding him at lunch, not sneaking in here and trying to figure out his schedule.