
I grinned mischievously. "Actually, it's funny that you said that because I do need your help with something." He raised his eyebrows and waited for me to continue. "Would you please help me go through the archives?"
He frowned. "The dusty old newspaper boxes?"
"Yes. Those are the ones," I replied, nodding.
He groaned like a teenager who'd just found out there was going to be a pop quiz in class. "But there are so many of them, and they are so dusty. I have allergies, you know!"
"Believe me. I'm aware of the fact, but please, Caesar? Pretty please? Come on. It's of the utmost importance," I begged. "You don't have to look through them. I'll do that." I contorted my features into a hopeful-looking expression, and it paid off, too, because a few seconds later Caesar threw his hands up and led me to the second story of the library.
We walked all the way to the end of the left wing of the upper level. There were boxes and boxes and boxes full of newspapers. Luckily, the boxes were labeled with the years in which the newspapers were from; that would make this somewhat easier. I smiled my thanks at Caesar. He was about to leave and return to his librarian duties, but he hesitated. "What's this about?" he asked.
"Nothing. Just doing some research for an extra credit project. I'm supposed to use old resources, not the internet," I lied.
He eyed me, dubious of the truth of my answer. But after another moment, he said, "Alright. If you need any help I'll be in the stacks."
"Okie dokie," I said absentmindedly, already reaching for a box of papers dating back to 2000-2002. I stumbled when I lifted the heavy box off of the shelf, and when I placed it onto the table, a cloud of dust puffed up from the box. I coughed and fanned the air in front of me. I blinked the dust out of my eyes while I opened the box. I sighed. Oh, Savannah. The things I do for you...
It took me a total of two hours and forty-five minutes to go through the boxes labeled 2000-2002; 2003-2005; 2006-2008; and 2009-2011. I was prepared to give up when I was ruffling through the 2012-2014 box. I lifted a paper out of the box and skimmed over the front-page article.
The headline? Local Teen Declared Missing
I read the article from beginning to end several times. In 2012, a girl named Alexis Ellington was separated from a group of friends on their way back to the playoff game from the concession stand for East Brook Preparatory School, and she was kidnapped. The paper states that this extremist group, apparently called the Coterie of Killers, was holding Alexis for a ransom of one million dollars. The story was written early on in the kidnapping from what I could tell, so there was no information about the outcome for the girl or her family.  I frantically flipped through the other papers, and I found two more articles regarding the same case.
In the first article, I read that not much progress had been made; the journalist mentioned how the missing girl's older brother was receiving cryptic messages from the group, just like me. I read on, but there wasn't any more useful information. I unfolded the second newspaper and instantly dropped it when I laid eyes on the headline:
Alexis Ellington Found Dead
A wave of dread washed over me, and I read the news article with a heavy heart. Alexis Ellington was reported dead on the twelfth of January in this new year of 2013. The details pertaining to her cause of death will not be released due to the family's wishes. However, it has been revealed that the Ellington family paid the large ransom, but the Coterie heedlessly killed Mr. Jack Ellington's and his wife Marcie's daughter. The funeral service will be held...