
I sat back in my swivel chair and tapped my fingers against my laptop. The Coterie of Killers managed to stay out of the press, for the most part, and they hadn't been written about very much which meant the organization was highly secretive and probably highly classified in the government. Their motives were unclear, but based on their desire for a ransom from the Ellingtons, they could simply be after money. But that wouldn't be the reason for Savannah's kidnapping because we didn't have a ton of money. My family was practically the definition of a working middle-class family; we scraped by every month...
If I really wanted some insight about the Coterie, I could talk to Jack and Marcie Ellington, but I couldn't do that, reopen the wound. It'd been three years since their daughter's death, and they were probably just now making peace with it. What kind of person would I be if I were to show up and start asking questions? I would just have to obtain information about the Coterie in some other way.
Until we figured out who Mystery Man was, he was a dead end. Serena, Jasmine and I wouldn't be able to determine a suspect until one of them actually did something suspicious; we'd been checking in on each of our suspects occasionally, but none of them seemed remotely involved in criminal activity. So I was pretty much stuck.
Downstairs, the doorbell rang, but I didn't bother going down to see who was there; it was most likely Detective Porter, and I really did not want to see him right now.
"Nora! Come downstairs," my mom called. "Serena and Jasmine are here!"
I hurried downstairs and saw my best friends standing in the front hall. I smiled at them. "Hey. What are you guys doing here?"
"Um... we came by to see if you wanted to come with us to the movies. We thought it would be a nice distraction," Serena said. She bit her lip and raised her eyebrows. That was her way of letting me know we wouldn't be going to the movies; no, she most likely had a different place in mind.
I glanced at Mom and Dad. They shared a look before shrugging. "I suppose that would be alright," Mom said. "Just be home before curfew."
"Okay," I said before grabbing ahold of Serena and Jasmine's hands and pulling them upstairs. I shut the door behind us. "Where are we really going?"
Serena made her way to my closet and flipped through my clothes. She smirked at me. "Zodiac," she replied. She tossed one of my halter crop tops at me, and I caught it, unfolding it. I hadn't worn that top since last summer when Jasmine and I stayed with the Vaughns at their lake house. It was cerulean and exposed most of my stomach when I wore it.
I shook my head. "No way," I said. "I am not wearing this."
Serena nodded, placing her hands on her hips. "Yes. You are," she said. "Look, Nor. I know your sister has been kidnapped and all, but we need to go out tonight. Have some fun, you know. You do remember what fun is, don't you?"
I frowned. "Yes, but-"
"No buts," she interjected. "Now, change into that halter top and your dark blue skinny jeans. Wear a sweatshirt over the top, and put on a pair of ballet flats. You can change into the heels I have for you when we get in the car."
I groaned and walked over to my dresser to retrieve my jeans. I began to strip out of my sweatpants. Serena, Jasmine and I had known each other since we were five years old; we'd been friends for eleven years, almost twelve. We didn't have secrets, and we'd seen each other at our worst and at our best. We didn't really have boundaries, which was why we were totally comfortable changing in front of each other. Except we didn't change undergarments in front of one another... that was one thing we'd probably never do.