
"Male. Dark hair. Twenty-four years of age. Blue eyes. That's all it says, and besides, the picture was blacked out. That could be a quarter of the men in Brookfield," I exclaimed exasperatedly.
Jasmine smirked. Her fingers started flying rapidly across the keys until a page with numbers on it appeared. "Actually, according to the district-wide census completed in 2012, there are only twenty-one matches, and of those matches, six of them are or have been employed at the EBPD in the last few years."
"Jasmine, you are a genius!" Serena cried, hugging Jazz. I hugged the both of them before S and I drew back.
"Alright. Let's write those names down, and we'll reconvene tomorrow with a plan, yeah?" I suggested. It was starting to grow dark outside, and I didn't want my parents to worry about me. Moreover, I didn't want to be outside after dark. Not with the Coterie of Killers hunting me.
"Okay," Jasmine said. She wrote the names down in her notebook, and I wrote them down in mine.
Once I'd said my goodbyes, I drove home, and when I went inside, I found Mom sitting in Savannah's spot on the couch. I shut the door and made sure to lock it. Mom looked up when I'd walked about halfway through the front hall. "Hey, sweetheart. How was school?" she asked.
"Fine," I replied. "How was your day at school?"
She glanced up at me. "How do you feel about us switching places for a while? You can be around the teenage boys all day, and I'll go to your co-ed school and promote social justice like you do."
I shook my head and laughed. "I don't think so," I said, scrunching up my nose.
Mom patted the empty space next to her. "Come sit down, Nor." I set my school paraphernalia down and sat down next to my mom. I noticed she was already wearing her pajamas and had a cup of tea in her hand. It seemed as if she hadn't even taken a sip of it. Mom and I hadn't talked much since the night of the kidnapping; she'd never really talked to me like that before-after I told her about my theory and all. Mom took my hand and smiled apologetically. "I'm sorry, Nora. I didn't mean to sound so harsh. I'm sure you were just trying to help, but your story seemed so outlandish... Please don't attempt to find your sister. Let the police handle it. I don't want you to get hurt."
I felt guilty for what I was about to do, but it was necessary. "Okay. I won't."
Mom smiled a little. "Good. Now, I'm sure you have homework to complete," she said pointedly.
I sighed. "Yes, Mom. I'll go do my boring homework, and by homework, I mean go on Tumblr for a little over two hours... and then, I'll probably watch Netflix until I begin panicking over my homework."
Mom rolled her eyes. I grabbed my school stuff and headed up to my room. I locked the door. I wished I didn't have to hide this from Mom and Dad, but they'd flip if they found out what I was doing. And if they found out I'd lied to them... What was I doing? I was only sixteen years old! I couldn't solve crimes and find bad guys! I couldn't even find matching pairs of socks in the morning! What the hell was I thinking?
Well... to be fair, I was thinking that I could do this and that I could be the one to find my little sister. I've done a swell job so far; more accurately, Serena, Jasmine and I had done well. We'd created a list of people who may be "double agents," and I managed to find out the name of the organization that's most likely behind the kidnapping. It's more than the police have done, that's for sure. I wanted to tell the police, but I didn't know who to trust.
I pulled my hair up into a bun and sat down at my desk; after throwing a glance at my door and then my window, I extracted my spiral notebook out of my bag. I flipped to a page and started manufacturing a bulleted list of all the facts, plus snippets of information we'd uncovered.