
Chapter Three
The rest of the week flew by in a cycle of Dad's cooking, picking up Jasmine and Serena, dumb school, dropping off Serena and Jasmine, hours of homework, Savannah being grounded, Savannah being annoying, me silently freaking out about  the whole balloon thing and Mom's constant reminders about the festival. Which is today. Whoo-hoo.
At eight o'clock this morning, my mom woke me up by throwing a towel and a washcloth at my face, telling me to go take a shower. So I did. When I got out, I found an outfit laid out on my bed. Mom obviously wanted me to look nice for this fundraiser festival, but I really just wanted to wear some jeans and my sweatshirt that depicted a bat with the words "BITE ME" written under it. But no.
I got dressed in most of the outfit Mom had picked out for me, which was made up of a maroon infinity scarf, a black double breasted pea coat, dark blue skinny jeans, black sheepskin boots and wool socks. I was supposed to wear a pink and blue striped shirt under the coat, but I put on a long sleeve Black Sabbath shirt instead. No one could see it anyway because the coat was buttoned and it was going to stay buttoned.
I clomped down the stairs and into the kitchen. Dad was sitting at the round table by the sliding backdoor; he was eating scrambled eggs and bacon, and he had a glass of orange juice by his plate. Mom had, without a doubt, designed his outfit as well: navy blue sports coat, nice jeans and a white dress shirt. His brown hair was mussed, and I noticed a myriad of gray splashes in his hair. He looked tired. "Good morning, Dad," I greeted chirpily as I walked over to the stove to fix a plate of eggs and bacon, too.
He smiled brightly at me. "Morning sunshine. How'd you sleep?"
I shrugged. "Eh. I think I've reached that point in my life where no matter how much sleep I get I'm always tired when I wake up. Are you that way too?"
Dad nodded slowly. "I think so."
I sat down next to my dad and began eating breakfast. "Where's Mom?" I asked him.
"She's trying to find something for your sister to wear," he said. "She's been on the phone with people all morning."
"Oh. Fun," I muttered. "Do we really have to help out at this fundraiser thing?"
Dad opened his mouth to answer, but someone else answered for him. "Yes. You do," Mom said in a clipped tone. Savannah walked around Mom and into the kitchen where she started to pour a bowl of cereal. Sav doesn't like eggs... but she does love bacon. She probably loves it more than she loves me.
Savannah sat down at the table across from Dad and started shoveling Fruit Loops into her mouth. Mom was pacing back and forth across the small dining room. "Okay. Listen up; here's the plan. Peter, you are going to be helping the service crew and the other volunteers with setting everything up. Annora, you will be working at the popcorn station. Mr. Basil will show you how to operate the popcorn maker. Savannah, you are staying with me, and I will tell you what I need you to do when I need you to do it. Everyone's clear? Good. Let's go."
Mom grabbed her huge purse and walked to the front door. Dad, Sav and I all looked at each other. "Let's go!" Mom yelled, and the three of us jumped out of our seats, not even bothering to clear the table. I grabbed my last two pieces of bacon from my plate and my messenger bag off the hook on the wall before exiting the house.
"Thank you," Savannah sang, plucking a piece of bacon out of my hand.
"Hey! That was mine," I whined. So maybe I loved bacon too.
"Key word: was," she countered, climbing into the backseat of Mom's SUV. I followed behind her and buckled up. Dad turned on the radio, and then Mom turned it off, yelling at the poor soul on the other end of her cellphone. It was going to be a long, long day.