
"I don't know," I sobbed. "I can't find her. I can't find her, and I've looked everywhere. I even checked the car."
"Have you checked inside the school?" Dad asked, glancing around.
"No one can go in. All of the doors are locked," I told him. "Dad... I bent down to pick up my purse and items, and when I looked back up, she was gone... and I.. I can't find her!" I sobbed harder. Dad pulled me to him and hugged me close.
"It's okay, it's okay. We'll find her," he said softly. "Let's find your mom, look around a little bit. We can ask around, too."
"Okay," I said, sniffling. I drew back and wiped my eyes. "Okay."
Dad and I found Mom talking to the man who had set up the projector. She was asking him to go through the instructions one more time when she noticed us. "Hey guys. What's up?" she asked. Her face fell. "Nora, what's wrong? Are you all right?"
I shook my head. "I can't find Savannah."
Mom shook her head. "I don't know what I'm going to do with that girl," she said. "If she pulls another stunt like this–"
I cut Mom off, something I wouldn't normally do. "Mom, Dad. I have a really bad feeling about this. I don't think she wandered off. I think she was taken."
"What makes you think that, Nor?" Dad asked. He crossed his arms over his  chest and made his serious Dad face.
"Certain details. The clown and the female magician... something was so off about the whole thing," I said. And the red balloons... and Saturday night...
"Okay..." Mom said slowly. "Let's go talk to them."
Mom, Dad and I headed for the magic show. The student in the purple suit was no longer there. The three of us went to the stage where the curtains were closed, and when we walked behind them, a man and a woman were setting up their magician equipment. "Excuse me?" my mother said.
The duo looked up at the same time. For one, the man was dressed in a tuxedo with a coat tail while also wearing a top hat, rather than a clown suit. And the woman who was not Moira Swanson was wearing a sparkly evening gown and had bright red hair. "Yes?" the woman said.
"Um, hello. I'm Shelby Chamberlayne, the event coordinator," Mom said. Before she continued, I tugged on her sleeve.
"These aren't the ones from the show," I whispered.
Mom smiled at the man and woman before guiding me a few inches away. "What do you mean these aren't them?"
"The female was the magician. Her name was Moira Swanson. And her assistant was a clown called Skippy. He was terrifying, but that's beside the point, which is that these two people are not the people from the previous show," I explained.
Mom frowned. "Are you absolutely sure?"
"Yes," I stated firmly.
Mom turned back to the pair. "Sorry about that. What are your names, again?"
"I'm McKenna Taylor, and this is my husband Stuart Taylor," the woman said.
Mom titled her head slightly. "And what time did you arrive?"
"Um, we were booked for three o'clock to five, but someone from the school called and asked if we could come from three-thirty to five instead," Stuart said, scratching his head. "Is there something wrong?"
"I'm not sure," my mom said, dumbfounded. She must have a thousand thoughts flying around in her head. She mumbled an excuse me before exiting stage right; my dad and I followed suit. I caught up with Mom. "Annora, will you try to find someone who was at the show when you were? See if they saw Savannah or the two imposters. I'll get in touch with Headmaster Wallace and other faculty and volunteers who helped set up this festival. Peter, will you please call the police?"