
Chapter Eight
Jasmine flung the door open as soon as I raised my hand to knock. She grabbed my wrist and pulled me inside, and she ended up dragging me all the way to her room. She folded her arms over her chest, and Serena joined her. "What did you find out? And some guy followed you? What's that about?"
"I think he was just trying to scare me; it worked, by the way," I said while I took my phone out of my jeans pocket. "Check these out. I found them in the archives. If I'm right, this means that a criminal organization has kidnapped my sister."
I waited for Serena and Jasmine to read through the articles. When they finished, they looked up at me with wide eyes. Jasmine handed my phone back to me. "Oh my gosh," she said. "But why on Earth would they kidnap Sav? It seems so random..."
Serena shook her head. "Organizations like these are very meticulous; they don't go through the trouble of abducting someone without a purpose. I guess we'll have to figure out why as well as the where she is part."
"Serena's right on all accounts," I stated. "I just don't know how we're going to solve this mystery before they kill her. They must be called the Coterie of Killers for a reason."
Jasmine wrapped her arm around my shoulders and gave me a small smile. "We'll solve it the way we do everything else: together, while eating lots of gummy worms."
That actually made me laugh. "So. How'd the interviews go?"
Jasmine walked over to her desk and retrieved her notebook. She flipped to a page and read aloud. "Michael Whitmore, Stephanie Morris, Ted Hewitt, Riley Bates, Sasha Grayson and Noel Porter are our remaining suspects."
I knew Detective Porter would be on that list; there was something... off about that man. But anyway, I thought we'd made good progress if we were down to six suspects. However, the Alexis Ellington case took place in East Brook. What if... what if there could be more suspects there? Or maybe one of our suspects worked at the EBPD before the WBPD. It was unlikely, but possible. I told Jasmine and Serena what I'd thought about the matter.
Serena groaned. "More interviews? No way. Cops other than my dad freak me out with their doughnut obsessions and always having a cup of coffee in their hands."
I frowned. "One, that's stereotypical, and, two, we don't need to do any more interviews. This part we can do right here," I said cryptically. I directed my attention to Jasmine and raised my eyebrows.
She caught on to my idea and shook her head vigorously. "No. I told you I was never going to do that again. Just because I have the knowledge, it does not mean I should utilize it."
"Knowledge is power," Serena sang while coming to stand next to me. We stared at Jasmine expectantly.
She threw her hands up in defeat. "Alright! Fine. If I somehow get caught, I'm throwing you two under the bus without a moment's hesitation," she promised, sitting down at her desk. She turned on her high-tech laptop and small laptop that didn't look normal. I still had no idea what it was, and at this point, I didn't think I wanted to know.
"You hack into one thing, and suddenly, you're the master hacker," Jazz muttered as her fingers flew across the keyboard. In no more than seven minutes, Jasmine had the EBPD classified police records pulled up. I've mentioned my best friend is a genius when it comes to technology, haven't I?
She scrolled through them while S and I read over her shoulder. "Wait! Scroll back up," I mumbled, pointing to a file. It had been wiped out for the most part, but there were still a few things listed on the document.
Serena scanned her eyes over it. "Someone tried to erase this file- someone who had no business doing so..."