
Chapter Two
Monday morning I awoke at five a.m. as always. The only difference between today and all the other mornings was that I was feeling particularly stiff and sore and like I had been beaten up. Only worse and slightly more embarrassing.
Taking a shower was difficult and everything stung. Putting on minimal make-up didn't hurt as much; I only had to move my fingers and hands, really. Getting dressed was the hardest thing to do. My limbs ached, and I really felt like an elderly person. If that's what it's like being old, count me out.
I walked downstairs at around seven to find Mom sitting on a bar stool drinking a cup of coffee and Dad flipping pancakes on the stove. Mom was dressed in an ironed navy blue pantsuit with absolutely no creases. The darkness of her clothes starkly contrasted with her pale white skin. Her black Mary Jane low heel shoes were glossy as if she had just polished them with shoeshine; knowing my mother, she probably had. Mom's dark chestnut brown hair was pulled back into a tight knot. Not a flyaway in sight. Her austere appearance was mainly just to intimidate her students. My mom was a teacher at East Brook Preparatory School for Boys. It's a prestigious, private establishment designed to shape the minds of today's male youth. Or at least that's what Mom keeps trying to convince me, but I think it's just a school for all of the snobby rich boys of East Brook. Dad was dressed in his usual jeans, white tee and an unbuttoned flannel overshirt. My dad owned one of the few automotive repair shops in West Brook. Most of the ones in East Brook were too expensive for us middle-class West Brookers.
Here in Brookfield, Vermont the city/town/whatever is divided into three parts: East Brook, Midtown and West Brook. EB is urban, has tall-buildings... it's the wealthier part of town. All of the malls, fancy stores and nice houses are located there. Midtown is commonly known as "no sane man's land." It's scary and dangerous and no one in their right mind goes there at night... or during the day. WB is the suburban part of Brookland. We have all the neighborhoods, small businesses and considered to be a tight-knit community where everyone is involved. Yes, even me.
Dad snapped his fingers to the rhythm of the song playing on the radio, simultaneously snapping me out of my reverie. He was belting out the lyrics to "Sweet Child O' Mine" by Guns N' Roses. My dad loved rock music and apparently passed that love on to me. When he saw me lingering in the kitchen doorway, he motioned for me to come into the kitchen. I did and sat down next to Mom at the counter. We both laughed as Dad head-banged and proceeded to play his air guitar during the awesome solo nearing the end of the power ballad.
Once the song ended, Mom and I clapped while Dad bowed. "Thank you, thank you. I'm here all week," he said, returning to the pancakes on the stove. Dad glanced back at me, smiling. "Want any pancakes Nora?" he asked.
I shook my head. "No thanks. Jasmine, Serena and I are getting breakfast at Coffee & Toffee before school. And since it's my turn, I have to go pick them up. Like right now. So I guess I should get a move on," I told them. "Mom, have a nice day at school. And Dad, I hope you have a wonderful day at the auto shop. I love you both."
Mom kissed my forehead. "Have a nice day sweetheart." Dad came around the counter and gave me a one-armed hug. "Have a good day. Love you."
I slung my colorful, paint splattered messenger bag onto my shoulder and scooped up my notebook binder that I had decorated with band stickers. I walked through the living room to the front door. Dad called out, "Drive safe!" from the kitchen before I exited the house. I locked the door behind me and walked across the lawn to my car parked in the driveway.
I drive a black 1963 Mercury Comet convertible with red interior that's been in the family for a while, I think. It was my grandfather's before he gave it to my dad. Dad never fixed it up, so it just sat in our garage for years. When I was fifteen, my dad and I restored it so that I could have it once I got my license, which I have now. Thank God. I couldn't handle another year of taking the stupid bus. Savannah still rides the bus, though. I only give her a ride to school when I absolutely have to.