
I  was thinking up excuses when she interrupted my thoughts with those green eyes of her.
"Bret, I love you-"
" I love you too," I interrupted her with concern.
"I understand if you panic, faint, or even need to take a little break, but just know that if you want to leave-"
"Maria, why would I want to leave you, the love of my life," Ok, I thought, something is wrong. She definitely found out about the letters.
"Just know that my family and even your brother, Matt, will find and kill you."
How did Matt find out and didn't tell me? Man, I'm in trouble now.
"Honey, please tell me. You're giving me a heart attack," I said while dragging her hand to my heart for her to feel my heart beating extremely fast.
She laughed. That's a good sign, I thought, maybe she didn't find out. "Remember when I keep throwing up?" I take back my thought.
"Was it the dinner that I cooked," I asked with wide eyes, "I didn't mean to add that much butter. I swear it was only a little bit."
"No," she laughed, "I went to Doctor Tyler and you're going to be a daddy!"
"Are you sure?"
"Yes," she replied with tears in her eyes
"Maria, I love you so much," I said with gratitude. "And I love you too," I said before I kissed her stomach.
"Bret, we have to go shopping tomorrow. The baby is coming in 6 months exactly. Oh! We must come up with names. How about Ellie if it's a girl and Allen if it's a boy?"
"Honey, how about we focus on getting you to bed," I said with concern. "We have some shopping to do."
"Ok," she said and gave me a kiss. "And Bret?"
"Yes?"
"Don't watch Oprah without me again," she said sweetly.
Thank god she didn't find out about the letters.
"Bret?"
"Maria?"
"Not so loud. He just stopped crying."
"Sorry," I whispered as I tiptoed over to her side.
"You want to hold the baby," she asked as she handed the baby over to me as I sat down. He began to move in my arms.
"I'm going to be the best father you'll ever had," I whispered to him. "I-"
"Sorry for the interruption," Doctor Tyler said, "What do you want to name the baby? I don't want the baby to be nameless."
"Ummm.....," We begun to say. We have been arguing back and forth on the names once we discovered that we'll have a boy. I wanted him to be named after my great-grandfather, Jarrent, while Maria wanted to name him Allen for some reason.