
"It is not the oath that makes us believe the man, but the man the oath."

Aeschylus

Sierra Pearl

April 15, 2004

"Do you accept the offer presented in front of you by your lord," is the question that seems to penetrate the silence my tribe seems to have brought to themselves. I looked at my family for an answer. Their eyes made my heart drop to the ground as I continued to stare. They began to shake their heads when one of the generals blocked the path of vision.
"Sierra, must I simply remind you of the consequences that follows if you refuse to answer the question," asked my tribal leader with a scar that ran from his right cheekbone to his mouth
I shook my head to my leader's satisfaction. "Then Sierra," he said while attempting to ease me by smiling, but only made it worse, "Do you accept to take up the position that would bring honor and protection for the innocents and especially the Azomans?"
I nodded my head.
"Do you also accept the name, Jolie Conlindale, a name that will prove your dedictation to the world?"
"Yes, Mr.Lucan Caiside."
He smiled when he heard his name. "Then raise your right hand."
Raising my right hand, "I, Sierra Pearl," swearing to an oath my ancestors long ago said, "swear upon the River Styx to bring honor and protection to the Azomans' tribe," I shivered as I began to spoke the last part of the vow, "And accept the name of Jolie Conlindale along with the blessing from the gods and goddesses themselves." As soon the lasts words of the oath slipped out of my tongue, I was whisked away along with the other children. Lightning struck one of the trees outside, burning it to a crisp. Knowing that if those who broke the oath they swore to the River Styx would have unthinkable consequences, cries of protests followed from the families who just watched their children swore in to become fighters.
I turned around in time to see my family trying to break the barrier that the warrior made to prevent any interruption. My father pushing a warrior aside, my mother and aunt begging them to let them talk to me, and my brother shouting at his best friend to let him hug me one last time. That moment will forever be imprinted in my mind. That was the last time I saw them.

Bret Reynard

October 14, 199

"Mr.Reynard, are you ready," is the question that brought fear to him.
Come on, Bret, he thought, Go see your son and your beautiful wife. He received the news when his wife, Maria, sat him down at the dinner table after a busy day. The scene played in his head as he followed the nurse to the room.
"Honey, I need to talk to you," she said in a serious tone.
Uh oh. She must have found out that I send that letter to her mother. I didn't mean to. I was angry that she insulted my brother and needed a way to vent out my anger. I mean I know Matt can be a jerk, but he didn't spill the wine on her curtains... I think. Also, Oprah said it helps expect for the letter sending part. Oh lord. What if she found those other letters? What if she knows I watched Oprah without her?