
(TEACHER / STUDENT RELATIONSHIP)
VAGUE SUMMARY
A story in which an overly guarded, anguished girl is imprisoned by a restricting boarding school, but gets an addicting taste of freedom from his lips.
-
"You are the most fucking disrespectful student I have ever come across. If you don't start fucking listening to me, I'll—"
"You have nice lips."

LONG SUMMARY

Voice velvety and reassuring but firm, touch caressing and feathery but confident, eyes honest and beautiful but stern, Mr. Malik's entirety consumed her mind, her thoughts overflowing and dominated with recollections of him.
He was ice, all cool and confident, while she was fire, a ticking bomb ready to be set off and burn others with her every word. Like fire to ice, she burned out his control and poise, enraging him with every breath she took, setting him off his perfect balance.
While he was calm and collective, she was wild and impulsive. Somehow their oppositions were like a magnetic attraction—one could attempt to pull them apart, but they'd draw back together irreversibly and unstoppable.

+ +

Warning: I'm going to warn in advance – this story is not going to have a lust based relationship that is quickly paced and they have anal on like chapter 3. I DO NOT LIKE READING THAT AND I WILL NOT WRITE IT. I'm going to make it more personality opposed to "oh hey there hawt mama let me suck ur clit" because that isn't a true relationship to me.
BUT THERE IS GONNA BE SMUT OK DON'T THINK IM SOME PRUDE AUTHOR : ))
Before reading, please read this:
-I don't accept any criticism. Not because I don't want to improve my writing, but because I'm hella sensitive ok.
-I will promote the idea of gay rights so if you're homophobic, I highly suggest either not reading or keeping comments regarding your homophobic ways to yourself (if this rule isn't followed and you say anything hateful towards gays, I will report you and delete your comment).
-please resist using the following words as terms of insult: gay, fâggot, retard/retarded. Thank you.
-this story's romance is slow as hell. They aren't going to have séx any time soon, or even kiss soon. I don't like fast paced romances, so I won't write them. Don't complain about how slow the story is please.
-the main character, Lacey, is annoying at first and I understand that—it was intentional. Please understand that not everybody is perfect and I do not promote the idea of perfection in my story. Every single character - yes, even Zayn - will be filled of flaws, just as you and I are. If you can't handle imperfections in characters then bye
-
oh, and i'm 14. I like writing, but in no way am I even remotely perfect at it. I make a couple grammatical errors, but other than that I'm pretty obsessive of perfect grammar. Since I type fast I often make spelling mistakes (yikes).
IM ALSO ABSOLUTE DIRT SO I SAID IN THE BEGINNING THAT THE MAIN CHARACTER, LACEY, HAS BLUE EYES. NOPE, HER EYES ARE HAZEL-ISH BROWN-ISH.

if you want to translate, please message me FIRST and ask. I'll probably say yes, unless the language you're wanting to translate in has already been done.

-beth



