
Can I just say, this is going to be a sexual book. I'm not even sorry. Also this is probably going to be badly written as it is my second book and my first one was pretty crap. Anyway hope you enjoy anyway! .....Harry's POV (point of view)
"Fuck fuck fuckity fuck shit fuck." I mutter to myself as I kick off the covers of my bed and jump up. I was late for work. Again. I quickly get dressed in a plain black shirt, black skinny jeans and black shoes that probably need replacing. Stylish. I head to the bathroom attached to my room to do my hair and guy liner. Don't judge, I look hot in it. Brushing my teeth and skipping breakfast because there is no time, I head out the door and practically run down the road.
I work at 'Hot As Hell' a small tattoo shop with only 4 staff there, me being one of them, along with Niall who is my best mate, Ed and Michael who I am not as close with but they are alright lads.
I turn into the street with my head down not looking at anyone. People judge me a lot due to my looks but I block them all out.
Slowing down as I reach the bookstore next to where I work, I see a boy around the age of 19 inside. He was absolutely breaktaking. He had beautiful Caramel hair and bright blue eyes. I just couldn't look away. Yeah I am gay. I don't see any problem with that. Love is love, right?
Someone bumped into me, knocking me back into my senses. I realized I was just standing there staring and quickly walked into "Hot As Hell"to began my shift. I was 15 minutes late, oops.
2 hours later my shift was over, I quickly shouted a 'goodbye' to the guys and walked out. As I passed the bookstore, I was disappointed to see the boy wasn't there. I walked slower than before towards my small apartment complex, trying to get the beautiful boy off my mind.
I opened the door to my apartment, heating up some leftovers for dinner then ran up the stairs to my bathroom, I had a quick shower washing off my eyeliner and just changing into boxers because I enjoy feeling free.
I quickly brushed my teeth and hopped into bed despite the fact it was only 3 in the afternoon. I felt tired because I had gone out late with Niall the night before. Soon I drifted into a peaceful slumber, thoughts filled with a certain beautiful boy.