
'Um hey everyone.' Aria giggled through the microphone, tucking her wavy long hair behind her ear. 'I'm Aria and well... This is me! Haha... I'll be playing guitar for you today and singing, so um yeah I hope you enjoy!' No one was listening, but she was getting paid for performing at the Terrace Cafè, so smiled anyway, just as the waitress behind the till widened her eyes, nodding directly at her, making Aria remember something. 'Oh yeah sorry, I forgot to announce on behalf of the cafè that the 'caramel espressosa' is now a bit more expensive than before.... 75 cents... I think...' The waitress smiled, while the majority of the cafè gasped in disbelief. Aria simply smiled and started playing Atlantic City by Bruce Springsteen, and played pretty much his whole album. At the end of her gig she smiled as the pensioners watching clapped for her. She laughed, rushed off out of the cafè, catching her money and thanking the waitress as she did so. As she slid her back down the wall at the slide road beside the Terrace, trying to take short quick breaths, as she found her inhaler in her leather jacket. As she got her breath back, she realized that her stupid under cover asthma attack made her forget her guitar, which was still in the cafè. Just then, a man ran out of the cafè carrying her guitar, he looked around until he saw her right beside him. Only on the ground... Still clutching her inhaler. 'Hi.' She said exasperated. 'Hi...Aria, right? Here's your guitar, you left in a bit of a rush, so i... Yeah. You were amazing up there, wish I knew how to play. And your voice is amazing... Are you okay by the way?' 'Oh thanks, I just stopped breathing, nothing major.' They both laughed, and gazed into eachother's eyes for a while;his chocolate button eyes and her pale green eyes collided like two planets-literally, as Aria stood up to meet him, but fainted. But he caught her just in time, while awkwardly laying her guitar against the wall.
Aria opened her eyes to a messy Brown head of hair dangling over hers, and big mud puddles of eyes staring into hers. His rosy lips were hovering over hers, was this CPR? 'Am I dead or..' he retreated his lips from hers immediately. 'Aria are you okay? I thought you'd died actually.. nah I'm just kidding. I hope you don't mind, but I tried CPR on you so you'd regain conciousness, I guess it worked?' He smiled, as did she, blushing also. 'I'm Matthew by the way, and we are on an alley way outside the cafè that you just played excellent guitar in and you're lying on the ground and I'm on top of you so let me help you up before anyone gets suspicious,' he jokes, taking Aria's hands in his, to pull her up onto her torn Doc Martens. 'Thanks.' Aria smiled, fluttering her long dark lashes which made him blush somehow. 'Well um nice to meet you and thanks for being the perfect stranger, if you know what I mean.' She began to walk away, strapping her guitar to her back, 'Well, I'd kinda like to think that we're not strangers anymore..' Matthew said,
Catching up with her. 'Well yeah I suppose... You...um...wanna meet up sometime?' Matthew gave an innocent grin, 'I'd like that yeah... Sounds cool. Let's say tomorrow? Only if you're free, I know I am. We can meet here, maybe 10.30am
and carry on from there?' She couldn't believe what she was hearing. There were so many invisible thought bubbles floating out of her head, and only one became visible for Matthew to see. 'Of course. Thank you.'