
6:30- Get up and have breakfast6:45- Get dressed7:00- Brush teeth, do hair and makeup7:30- Make lunch and do bag7:45- leave for school
The same tedious routine, everyday, 5 days a week. I'm just getting sick of it. The same boring routine. The same miserable life.
I'm Leah Morgan. One of those girls with the supposed 'perfect lives'. Apparently I have the perfect friends, perfect grades, perfect family, perfect life. The thing is everyone says I'm perfect and I have everything together but in reality I'm falling apart, I'm so lost that I can't even remember where I was going in the first place. I like to think of myself as an iceberg almost, you really only see a small portion of me. The majority is hidden deep below sea level.
The thing is I've had depression for about 3 years and have been picked on and teased by the malicious children of my generation for my entire school life. So I know what it's like to feel worthless and unwanted.
But the sad thing is, no one and I mean no one knew about my depression, that was until a few months ago. Thanks to my former 'BFF'. It really sucks how I have anything I could ever want in life and still feel like absolute shit all the time.
I have a group of 'friends' if you could call them that, most of them put up with me. They may tolerate my presence, but I can see that they secretly loathe me. I know exactly why they hate me.
Even though I have been bullied and know exactly what it feels like, I still did it to so many other students. Only because I was friends with the school bitch, but I know that is a pathetic excuse. I simply ruined lives of other innocent people and didn't even give it a second thought as to what I was doing.
After the 'big scene' with Darcy I haven't spoken to her and never thought about hurting someone since. Once I left Darcy I had no one. But thankfully two of the most amazing girls I have ever met granted me their friendship, instantly forgiving me for all of the disgusting things I had said in the past. Faye and Indie. They have been there for me throughout the increase in bullies over the past few months so I'm eternally grateful for that. They stick up for me when I'm getting harassed by people at school or pushed around in the streets. They have helped me in ways that no one has ever done before and what have I done to repay them?
Well...----------------------------------
Photo- picture of Leah