
DaddyDomH: Good morning baby girl
I smiled hard opening the Kik message. Aww he was thinking about me. Happy someone was. He was a stranger pretty much but I was the same to him yet he messaged me every morning.
This was our daily routine: Starts out sweet then, it turns dirty.
Me: Good morning :) How is your day going?
This started a few weeks ago and now I loved it. I finally had someone to talk to even if it's mostly just sexual. I was a horny twenty one year old virgin that was scared to act on the sexual urges.
I wasn't yet comfortable where I could expose myself to someone completely. I barely talked to people around me either. So I talked to guys far away from New York on Kik and we pretty much sexted. It's weird I know but, I liked it.
DaddyDomH: Not too bad but you know what would make it so much better?
Here it comes
Me: What?
DaddyDomH: Me pounding in that tight pussy of yours baby girl ;)
And with that, my core was throbbing and I smiled laughing. If only it could. I honestly think once he saw my face he would stop messaging me. He wouldn't want to do all the stuff he said we would do once he saw how I looked.
I wasn't very pretty and I was a bit overweight. Probably the opposite of what he thought. My icon was a random picture of a guy and girl kissing while, his was him.
He was fucking flawless. Green eyes, curly hair, amazing body and tattoos. He was from London which meant he had a British accent. Bonus!! I heard it slightly in a video he sent me of him pleasuring himself. It was the hottest thing I've ever seen but I couldn't return it.
I was too scared to, I was scared he would be disgusted but I have sent pictures of my chest. He liked them so I did what I could to keep him happy.
Me: Really? What else would you do? ;)
I loved this thing we had going on even if it wasn't serious. It was fun and I really enjoyed it. He seemed to too since he always messaged me. Maybe one day I will just build up the courage to send a full nude but right now, we would just talk dirty.
DaddyDomH: Tie you to the bed and fuck you mercilessly as you scream out my name. I would do anything to please you and I know you would love it. It's a shame you're in New York and I'm in England :/
Trust me the distance between us is for the best. I wouldn't get this anymore. He didn't even know what I looked like. I could be a man- no I sent him my chest duh! Well I could be and he was talking to me.
Me: Yeah sucks. Maybe sometime we'll actually meet up or something.
DaddyDomH: Yeah sometime :) What are your plans princess for today?
I smiled hard at the name he called me.
Me: Going to the mall you?
DaddyDomH: Take care of some business. Guess we'll finish conversation later?
Me: Definitely :D
DaddyDomH: Good... Talk to you later princess <3
Me: Okay <3
DaddyDomH: Okay what?
I sighed rolling my eyes with a smile. I hated using this but whatever.
Me: Okay Daddy <3
DaddyDomH: Good Girl :)
I sighed smiling locking my phone to continue getting ready.