
****
I bobbed my head as La La La by Naughty Boy and Sam Smith came on. Me and Demi sat in the food court eating and singing as I got a message.
I smiled as I saw it was Harry. I took a picture of lingerie as Demi bought some things and asked if he liked.
DaddyDomH: I fucking love it. Too bad it won't last long on you princess. Buy it for when we meet love :P
I laughed and Demi looked at me confused. "So who has you laughing so hard?" She smiled and I shook my head. "No one just a friend" "Name?" "Harry" I said and she got excited. "So this is the guy that has you smiling all the time huh?" I laughed but nodded.
I wasn't going to tell her about this thing we had going on. To her he would be a friend, that she would never meet. I doubt she would even approve of it "Yeah just friends but he's funny and cool guy"
Me: Maybe I will
DaddyDomH: No you will for daddy, no exceptions princess.
I rolled my eyes but giggled shaking my head.
"What does he look like?" She asked and I went to his icon showing.
"Damn... That's my girl, he's cute" she said smiling hard and I laughed agreeing. Cute was an understatement for him though.
"How old is he?" "Twenty" she looked at me surprised "That's it? He looks really mature for his age" I nodded. I thought he was older than me till he said he was born in 1994. One year younger wasn't a problem, I liked him even if I didn't know him that well. Sounds dumb but, it was really good to have someone who wanted to talk to you.
"So will I be able to meet Harry?" I froze then looked down. "I don't know, one day we hangout I guess. So are we still going to Sophies after?" I asked changing the subject and she nodded "Yeah she-" she froze looking behind me smiling. "Your boo is here" she said smiling and I looked confused. "Who?" I asked turning and instantly freezing.
It couldn't be.
That wasn't him. That wasn't Harry. That was NOT DaddyDomH!
I looked away from him walking in the entrance confused. What the fuck? Only one explanation... I wasn't actually talking to him. It was someone else hiding behind his picture. "Go say hi" Demi said excited and I instantly shook my head. "Come on stop being shy Har-" I instantly covered her mouth panicking and she looked at me confused.
I wasn't even sure if that was his name but, I didn't want to chance it. "I will explain it later" I whispered and she shrugged. "Alright" I got up going to get a refill of Fruit punch trying to look around for him. I pulled my phone out going to kik.
Me: Whatcha doin? :)
If he said he was at a mall then fine but that still didn't explain the England crap. Once I got my refill I checked but no response. I walked back till someone tapped my shoulder. I turned and my heart dropped.
"Umm you dropped your money" he said as the accent hit me like a ton of bricks. I froze looking down at the money.
"It's yours. I saw it drop" I looked up seeing his green eyes but looked back down feeling my cheeks heating up. I took it from him and gave him a smile looking at him.
"T-thank you" he smiled and nodded. I instantly I felt like it wasn't him. Someone was using his face. A part of me wanted to tell him but then what?
I looked down and turned walking "No problem princess" I froze as my heart when down to my stomach. No. I quietly turned to look at him again nervous. He had a smirk on his face "Wh- what? I stuttered and he chuckled taking a step closer.