
I had a dream, once upon a time. I was running through a field of waist high grass, my fingertips brushing against the soft flowers that poked their heads out at random intervals. The sun shone down and encased me in a warm cocoon of light. The sweet smell of honey filled the air and left me in a feeling of euphoria.
Soon enough the dream turned to nightmare. The grass turned into a bed of needles, flowers transformed into claws that reached out to grab me. The sun quickly set, instead replaced by a blood red moon that loomed overhead, bathing the world in crimson. The rotten smell of carrion filled my nose, choking all of the oxygen out of me. I gagged and stumbled, falling and expecting the needles to pierce through me like skewers. Instead I fell, fell, fell, into what seemed like an endless abyss.
Finally I jerked awake on the cold bench I had fallen asleep on. Thank god thats over. But the nightmare wasn't really over. I had woken up and fallen straight into another one. Looking around nervously, I could barely make out a figure that had been slowly making its way towards me.
'Lord why oh why do they turn the park lights out after 10?' Picking up the backpack that held my meager belongings, I made my way away from the person as silently as possible. I even held my breath for good measure! Yet I only got five feet away from the bench before the strange figure began chasing me.
"Shit," I cursed, sprinting as fast as i could out of the park. I made a sharp turn and was about to take another when a hand reached out and pulled me into an alley. I was about to fight but decided against it when I heard the figure's approach. As it passed by, I finally identified it as a male wearing a tan trench coat. Not sketchy at all. His dark brown hair whipped against his face as he blew completely past my hiding space.
Turning around I was about to thank my savior, but was met instead with a steel barrel pressed to my head. "Wh-what are you doing?" I stammered, trying to see past the darkness that hid their face.
The voice that answered me was unmistakably male, and reminded me of grating bones. "Tell me your name," it demanded.
Hardly believing this was the time to play games, I answered immediately. "Katlyn Sanders, sir."
"Okay, maybe I should rephrase that." I heard the click of the gun. "Who are you." The man's voice had a strange rise and fall to it, making him seem foreign.
I swallowed hard and managed a choked reply, "K-katlyn -"
He cut me off. "Wrong answer."
I panicked and started running on auto pilot. First, I knocked the gun away from my forhead with my wrist. I grabbed his wrist and twisted until he dropped the weapon, but before I could do anything more he burst into laughter. It was... unsettling to say the least.
He easily broke my hold, taking a step back to distance himself. "You won't be able to do anything in that condition." He cackled again, and I faintly heard the sound of the gun being slid into its holster.
When did he get that back? I eyed him, or the general space he occupied, warily. I was begining to think that I had the misfortune of meeting a psych patient that had just escaped the looney bin. Either that or I was the patient. "I-I don't know what you mean then..."
He sighed in an exasperated manner. "Your real name girl, I want your real name!" He must have seen my confused expression because he exhaled slowly and continued in a calmer voice. "No matter. I'm sure you'll find out in time. This should be interesting. Even if they don't know if you're her... I'm sure their curiosity will get the better or them." This last part was muttered and I just barely managed to make out the words.
A street light that I hadn't noticed before flickered on right outside of the alley, allowing me a glimpse of the stranger's face. I saw dark brown eyes and a small scar that lifted half of his mouth into a permanent grimace. This was all I saw before we were bathed in darkness yet again.
"Well then, my fair lady," he drawled sarcastically. "I do believe we'll meet again." He brushed past me, exited the ally, and disappeared around the corner.
Fluttering behind him was the same tan trenchcoat as my pursuer...
-------Why hello my darling readers! This is a new story of mine that I started on a whim and don't know if I'll ever finish (much like my other stories). Vote or leave a comment if you think I should continue please.
Thank you and until next time ;)