
HEY GUYS WHATS UP?This chapter has not been edited yet so excuse some errors
NEW UPDATE FOR DESTINY. HOPE YOPU GUYS LIKE IT.
VOTE AND COMMENT.
The rain poured down as Anna looked out the window of her room; she saw the rain 'smash' against the grass. She kept looking and zoned out until she noticed that the rain had stopped at place, the drops were just hanging at a place, as if the whole world had paused. She stood up and looked around, everything looked dull in color, something was wrong.
'she walked out of her room and headed downstairs, she saw he mom on the sofa and she was not even moving, she was holding a cup of tea and was about to drink from it until she must have froze'. 'Anna checked her phone and it had no signal.'
Anna was now freaking out, she felt so 'lost'. There had to be an explanation. Suddenly there was a bright light and a thunder crackle. Anna was started and jumped. When did you get here, 'Anna' heard she turned to look at her mom looking at her with her cup of tea. Oh umm.' I just got here Anna said bluntly ran off upstairs to her room and shook her head to get things running in her head.
She sighed and fell back in bed, she thought to herself that why was this all happening to me, cant it be someone else. She closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.
*
The next morning Anna woke up and got dressed and decided to head down to the library, she had been waiting Dylan's call but he did not call.
She walked outside to the cold air hitting her face. She walked along the path with a hood over her head and a few blonde hairs spilling out.
When Anna got to the bookshop that she had come earlier, she looked at the sign and sighed. She walked in and was the only one there. There was a new woman there, she was older, she smiled and I headed to the bookshelf's that could relate anything to her or the catalyst. She looked through books until she felt something vibrate in her side back. She thought it was her phone but no, it was that old brown book. She was sure that she had left it home, but here it was in her back vibrating. She quickly went over to the back of the room where desks are arranged for people to read. She went to the last desk and took a seat.
She took out the now slightly vibrating book, as soon as she placed it on the table, it flew open and the pages flipped on its own and air was generated from the flips and finally it stopped at a blank page.
*
Dylan walked down the footpath towards his home. He went over to the builder had had been denied access to meet. He was angry at the way he was treated, he could have killed the guard at the spot but he chose against it.
The sun was shining high above today, as Dylan look out he sighed and grabbed his phone out his pocket and texted Anna to meet him at the old park quick.
He sent the text and walked over to the old park, there were not much people here, the benches and everything had died out and it looked like a ghost park, but it was a good place it meets up.
As he sat down on a bench, he thought of how his life was before, when he had wings, he remembered when he and his friends would fly high up to clouds where the was thin and no human to could breath, they would fly to the cloud strands and through storms to find the light above the storm clouds. He missed his wings.
*
Lucifer walked up the busy streets on New York; he looked at the humans with disgust. He walked by them, as any normal person would do, in black suit and tie, a casual dress code for the devil.