
BhavishaKumar Hey readers, how are you guys? Hope all good.So this is a early update and I hope you like it .***********
The clouds turned black like a perfect storm. Natalie watched from the high towers, with her wings spread out, watching the human world in wonder. She wonders what would happen in place like this. Such a cruel world she thought, there is no place for light in this place, yet.She turned to her heels towards the golden doors of her balcony, her wings touching the floor as she walked back, her robe sliding down the floor her blue eyes glisten to sunlight.She walked to the thrown room and opened her wings, showing her strength and power as she took her seat and smirked, rising up and declaring war against earth.*****It's has been a day since Dylan had told Anna that they had to go to New York for her to learn to control her powers, she didn't want to go, she wanted to stay with her parents and the people here. And she didn't even like such crowded places. Anna preferred less crowded and less noise places and based on what people say a city that never sleeps. She sighed as she came to the conclusion that she does not have much of a choice on this matter.As Anna thought about what kind of stuff She will be taught and what all was she suppose to do, her thoughts were distracted with her phone ringing. She quickly grabbed it out of her bag slides the green button and put the phone to her ears.Dylan's voice came from the other line," hey Anna you need to start packing, we need to leave tomorrow morning " ."Ill start packing tonight, plus I have enough time"."Okay", Dylan said."I'll call you later", Anna said before hanging up but she could feel that Dylan wanted to tell her something that she didn't want to hear, she can't deny this for long but... She shook her head to get these thoughts of head. "This has to be a secret she thought "to her self.********Dylan grabbed his bag and went over to Anna house in a blink of an eye, he was now at Anna's front porch as she just opened the door slowly and was walking out slowly, she came towards Dylan,and nodded to let Dylan know that she was ready. "Dylan waved a candle over Anna and blew it and it's smoke blew towards the house and it soon formed into dummy of Anna that will fill her place while she was away.They both walked in silence towards the woods, until Anna broke it "where are we going Anna asked while fiddling with her hands.Dylan looked at her and smiled," we are going to a willow tree or a relay" he says." It helps us to travel from on place to another or from one dimension to another."Oh" Anna says kinda nervous.After sometime Anna found her self, in a clearing place, where there was a tree in the middle and she thought that that must be the tree that Dylan was telling her about. "Stay here Anna I'll be right back" Dylan says and walks over to the tree and goes at the back. After sometime she could here foot steps and breaking of twigs while someone walked, Anna looked towards the place of sound and she saw a young girl about the age of 17. Her black hair flowed by the wind, she was a bit tall and big but she looked young, she had brown skin she looked towards Anna as she raises her hand to Anna, Anna walked towards her but she started to fade away.The wind slowed down, Anna didn't even notice that the wind had fastened until it dialed down to just a light breeze, moments later Dylan walked by. "You ready to go" he asked. "Anna nodded and decided on not telling Dylan about the mysterious girl , she had encountered.They headed to the tree and Dylan says to follow his lead and take his hand."Anna took his hand but kinda uncomfortable at this but she did and Dylan connected his palm to the tree and they both closed there eyes and within a blink of an eye they were in the city of light's, Anna looked at the beautiful lights that felt like they were telling her she belonged here, she smiled at her self looking at the large buildings as the came out of the alley where they had spawned ".Dylan looked at Anna and smiled taking her hand and calling a cab, to go out there destination.*********
Vote and comment Comment or inbox on what you want next to come.I open to suggestions Thanks again for reading and voting