
It was the weekends and I had decided that I will research on this matter. But to be honest I was doing it because that what happens in movies. So in the morning I got up early and got a toast, from the kitchen table, which I guess mom had left before heading out to work.I went out and began walking to the bookstore not far from my home. While walking I saw Mr. Smith on the way, hello I greeted keeping my good and sweet girl image. Well imp being nice even though I didn't care coz he was as mean to me when I was younger.Oh hello Anna, I have no seen you in sometime, he smiled.Yes Mr. Smith, it has been sometime, I have been really busy these days.I understand Anna; I have been to high school. Okay see you later Anna. I have to get to work.Bye.Well now his trying being nice and sucking up to me, I thought to myself.But I don't have time for people like that, I need to get to the point and get to the bookstore.I walked into the bookstore and went straight to the supernatural category.Would you like some help dear, an old lady said.Oh no imp just browsing, I lied.Okay dear anything specific, she insistedOh imp okay I say, kind harshly.She went back to her desk and started talking to someone.I looked through the books and saw a book called "the catalyst".I was now kind of weirder out but then I saw something move from the corner of my eye.It was one of those shadows, I didn't even bother getting the book and ran, and I remembered that I was supposed to stay away from the shadows. I ran for the door, a den the lady said are you okay, I did say anything and ran out the door.I could feel whispers, I ran across the street and was almost hit by a care and I was lucky I didn't get hit.I kept running and not looking back. While running I felt like something running after me, I could hear heavy footsteps, I ran to the foot ball field and it was empty.I just got tired half the field and stopped and turned around, and shouted WHAT DO YOU WANT?To my surprise when I turned around I saw Dylan, trying to catch his breathing.Dylan what are you doing here and why were you running after me, I snapped.What, I can ask you the same thing; you were almost hit by a care, so I ran after you to see why were you running. Why you were running anyway, Dylan asked.Nothing I was just jogging, I clearly sounded dumb now.What stop lying to me Anna, you are acting weird, please tell me, is someone threatening you, please tell me, Dylan begged.No one's doing anything to me and I don't want you asking me question about me, it is none of your business, so just get away from me, I snapped.I'm sorry Anna, I'm just concerned about. I could help you he said, with a concern look.I just need to be alone for now Dylan.Okay, I understand, call me when you want to talk, I'm always here.Okay.Dylan walked away leaving me alone, just what I asked for.After he left I cried. I'm tired and confused and I don't want to go through this, I want to be ordinary.Anna doesn't ever wish to be ordinary when you are not and will never be, I heard.I turned around and I saw a little ball of light floating behind me.What, who, what are you?I'm your guardian and I have been assigned to help you understand.Whets your name? I askedI'm razeil.I'm a memory of an arc angel.A memory I asked.Yes a memory, I have been with your since that time of your birth. You are the crucible.Help me understand I ask?Gladly razeil said, of course that is my sole purpose.

SO HEY GUYS HOW ARE YOU?HOPE YOU LIKED THIS UPDATEPLEASE VOTE AND COMMENT