
Short chapter but it's important
..........Just close your eyes and breath, William said to Anna. Anna closed her eyes, and began to breath in and out at a steady pace.In and out.Now think of a memory, any kind of emotion related, don't over think .To harness energy you don't need knowledge, you only need emotion. To control it though you will need knowledge of how it works, now go into your deepest thoughts and let the emotion flow through you.Anna took deep breath and started to focus.Just think of a memory that you wish to relive and the rest will all come over you. Come one Anna just feel and don't think.I closed my eyes and than I felt I left the room.
"I found my self standing on my own on a old bridge, I was certain this was not my memory, I walked over to the lights that were coming from a distance. The trees rustled, it looked like I was headed toward a town in the wood because there were a lot trees on the road, but what was weird is that I have never been here and I'm certain it's not my memory."I walked even further in to the town I went, there were lights on but it didn't look like it was my memory. I walked further until I foundation open door "leave me alone" I heard. I walked even further into the apartment and saw a young boy hurdled in the corner of the room, I walked over to him but he kept shouting and staring at something but there was nothing, I went and asked, "What's the matter", he looked up at Anna and reached out his and Anna took it but as soon as it touched her hand there was a flash of light and Anna found herself alone, the scene she was in began to suck into the middle room and I found that everything came tearing and breaking down . Soon as she looked around there was nothing but black void, her surroundings were pitch black and what she was standing on was pitch black.Than suddenly there was a sharp light came through a distance, Anna looked and there was formation her surroundings changed into something she was not expecting, she was in a dark room with little light and than she saw it, a large object that was afloat. It was just dull and it looked very big, I went closer but her breathing had become difficult. Anna tried to gasp for air but failed. Suddenly she was back where she was. With William, he smiled and said" so I guess you found the catalyst".-----Vote and comment