
I opened door and a gust of air hit me.
Dylan had left when I looked behind. I began going inside my house even though i was terrified.
No one was home,  so mom was at work and dad was away for a week.
I went to my room and changed. After changing I decided to do my homework, so I would not have to do it later and I can go to bed early.
I started on my history homework, which was a essay.
I wrote for about 2 hours when I was done I saw a book on my study table. I had never seen it, it had a leather cover. I took it out and I was correct that I had never seen it before.
I opened the book and was shocked. The book had writings that I had no idea what it said, there were diagrams and instructions, which seemed.
I took the book and put it in my bag so that no body could see it, because people would think I'm some weirdo who has these books.
I did some final touch ups, to my essay and I finished it.
I head my phone buzz and saw Dylan had texted. Hey :-)...what's up.
I smiled to my self and replied Hey, nothing much. Just finished my history essay it was boring. You. :-)Buzz Oh forgot about that  I gotta go get started. Xxx
After the text I was surprised to see Xxx. Did he just kiss me on a text. I just couldn't stop my self from blushing. Haha maybe I do have a thing for Dylan I thought in my head.
But that again, I don't know why he like me.
Anna......Anna..... AnnaNot this again. I thought
The book is the your answer. Read and you shall see.
I went to my bag and took out the book. I opened the book and to my surprise, I saw that it was in English  so I decided to read.
In the beginning when God had finished creating the world. He made the angels and the mortal race. God created the builders, the builders made the multi verse. The multi verse had the power to teleport matter and change the design of life. It was created to balance the universe.
The builders later designed and built the Catalyst . The Catalyst was a machine that had the power to restart life cycles and destroy entire world's . But the catalyst need the Crusible to do this. The cycle is a system that has the collection of life and each cycle has its own keeper. And thats you Anna. You are the solution, the Crusible .You were designed with the power to change the cycle and balance the power in the universe.
After reading all the writing faded away.
I was left confused. ......Hey vote and comment please