
I had been trading for weeks now, I had mastered all of abilities, I could feel everything. The universe, the life and the dead. I Had no idea of how strong I was, until now. William has been a great teacher so far, I could imagine anyone else teaching me all this than him."Hey Anna", I heard a voice, it was Dylan."Hey what's up", I asked looking at him, he was breathing heavily and looked like he had run a mile or something."Follow me, I gotta show you something, it's really important that you see"."What is it". "It's a surprise , just follow me.We ran through the halls and corridors until we came to the garden, I had been here many times, I would come here to escape the training and the pressure of everything relying on me."Look over there", Dylan exclaimed happily,I have never seen him this happy before, what has gotten into him.I headed over to where he was pointing at, my eyes grew wide as I saw right in front of me a dragon."It's friendly if your wondering", I heard William come from behind looking at the big white and black scaled dragon."It's magnificent ", i looked at it in awe. " I didn't know that they were real, I mean all this but I thought this was fiction, honestly"."Well it's all and all real, a lot of things are real, you just have to look in the right places to see"."And guess what's the best ", Dylan smiles and walks closer to me. "It's yours to keep". "What, you have to be joking", I was so excited. "Why"?"Because", Williams began," you need a ride".They both left and I'm left alone with the big and strong dragon I from of me. Normally people get a car as a ride and here I'm getting a dragon. A freaking dragon. It had a saddle on it and looked trained. I came over to me, looking into my eyes, I stared at those orange fire lit eyes. At that moment I could feel that she was a part of me now and we were bonded. I climbed up to the saddle and with a mind thought, we were air borne.How this was awesome commanding her through my mind. We flew high above the skyscrapers, I had made us invisible, didn't want to scare the people down below. I took a deep breath as we swooned up towards the cloud, the clouds were dark and looked like a storm was headed, we dove into the clouds, everything went black. Within a few seconds we burst through the darkness and into the light, up here it was windy and the dragon hovered over while we both seemed to admire the Beauty of the white and golden clouds. I decided to call my dragon crystal. We descended down with full speed and coming down the tall building that is my school and home.I got of and headed to William to thank him for crystal."Hey william", I spoke out when I headed to his room. I knocked but got no answer. The door was unlocked, so I decided to enter. I looked over the room but no one was there. That's odd I thought to my self. He was always in here during the day. I headed more into the room and into the small library. He wasn't there to.I looked over to the high standing shelfs, maybe I should look around I thought. I scanned through the books, they were very old but looked well preserved and were in good condition. There were books on so many interesting things. I read through the titles, they were all Latin, so I didn't bother to read. I was just Turning around to leave when a gust of wind blew to my face. I looked around , I was in a room with no windows where did that come from. Just than a book on the top shelf moved and slipped out and fell to the floor. That was odd I went over and picked it up. The title was "The Great War". I had some reading to do now . I grabbed the book and headed out of the room, I'm sure william wouldn't mind me borrowing this. ----------Well here its hope you guys like it. The next chapter will directly go in depth with the Great War and all .....I'll update soon.?Like, vote, fan