
A/N so hey im sorry if the chapter is kinda boring, but i promise what happens next is awesome and the next update will be using third person narration.
please vote and comment , i would not mind negs on this chapter coz i hate it too. but things will get better. BUT ITS STILL PART OF THE STORY BUT NOT MUCH ACTION JUST THE STUFF THAT WILL MAKE YOU UNDERSTAND STUFF AHEAD XXX
fingers crossed xxx
After the Great War, there was silence in the universe. A new cycle was started for the remaining of the mortal race.
.................................
Finally the time had arrived for god's solution to come about, she was blessed with the great knowledge and her fate and destiny was never written. As she came to life on the mortal world the world it self had become in danger, as the Lucifer would sense the power of the multi verse and try his best to kill the child before she could come of age and use her powers.
God created it her guardians; he had the arc angel razeil to be her her guardian and to watch over. And reveal truth to her when she was ready.
................................
PRESENT DAY
Anna walked down the path to her home. She had just returned from seeing her therapist.  She had been recently seeing non existing things.
Her power is growing and trying to find its way out.  She keeps hearing voices in her head and she is going crazy. Seeing the doctor has made stuff worse.  As she worked soon the path she heard it again Shhhh I see you, are you ready, open the gates, it's time.  She heard the whisper and immediately ran the down path, she is terrified with all this. She is a scared and confused, she has no idea what is happening.  Or i she going loosing her mind.
While running she suddenly bumped into something and fell down felt on the ground. She looked up and saw a boy with blonde hair and blue eyes.
Oh sorry, I was not seeing where I was going, Anna spoke. Oh it's actually my fault I was distracted by myself.
Are you new here, Anna asked
Yeah, I recently moved here from Manhattan
Wow, what's a city boy doing in a country town such as rock vile?
Yeah actually, my whole family moved here, oh and my names Dylan.
Oh I'm Anna, I'll see you around. She half smiles and heads down the path to her house.
When she got there it was almost dark.
When she entered, her mom was seated near the fire place, she was sleeping.
Anna silently went up stairs and locked her room
She fell asleep while reading and like every night, she had the same nightmares.
...............
so next update will have the dream and more fillers also its gonna be good and amazing.
vote and comment and i wanna dedicate the next chapter to someone or some people so comment please i would love that.
*NEXT UPDATE IN LESS THAN 24 HOURS.
VOTE AND COMMENT