
Short update and late Gonna update everyday now ...exams are over ...
(Anna's pov )"I couldn't believe of what I had just seen", it was nothing at all that I had expected."There was such a blow of energy she thought to herself. She could feel everything for a split second but than it wall went away.......\--------(Dylan)Dylan walked along the path, in the cold New York air, he had come out to clear up his head. He didn't like William at all, there was something that made him believe that something is wrong in this.
"I cant believe that I am questioning the wisdom of bring her here", I thought to my. But none the less, Destiny book one.
he cant just stand and watch while my curiosity took over while I did nothing.
He kept walking down until he came to a familiar place. A little bookstore that had no longer had a name because it was worn out by the years that has passed.
I walked into the store. The bells chimed signaling that someone had entered the store. After a few, a old man that look withered by the years appeared from the back of the store.
"what may I help you with young boy" he smiled. I looked at him and we both fell into a fit of laughter's.--------------Lucifer-
I stood at the edge of tomorrow, in the ocean as I saw the line between light and darkness move.This was it I thought to myself. I could merge the light and darkness together and summon all my powers. I could rule this entire world and once I have earth, I can have all the rest.But I knew that this will take time. For my powers to rise, it needed time.-------------(William)I kept replaying what Anna had seen in her visions. I had connected my mind to hers to see what she saw. Right before her stood the the most powerful weapon that this world has ever seen. It could end everything or bring balance.Anna had to do this but there was something I feared that could happen. What if she changed her mind and decided to reset the entire cycle. If she did that everything was gone. Everything after the catalyst would burn. Only the builders who created it, including my self would be left unharmed. I had faced this before and it is not a easy to see sight. But last time it only affected part of the universe