
Anna walked down the steps to get breakfast, she had to go to school and Dylan said that he would pick her up. She was still afraid after she vaporized that flower. She was afraid that if she could vaporize a flower what if she can do that to someone.
She picked up a toast and said her mom goodbye and left out the house. When she walked out Dylan parked near her house. She flashed a smile and walked over and she got in to the passenger seat.
Anna kept quiet during the drive and didn't say much. Just awkward silence. After a while Dylan broke the silence, so Emma you must be wondering about that night .
Yes, she said and nodded, Dylan sighed and began, look Anna I don't wanna lie to you, I was sent here to protect you and watch over you. But I just started to like you and sorry.
Anna looked at him and nodded, it's not your fault, you did what you were supposed to do. And there is no need to apologize.
Dylan smiled and after 10 minutes of random chats they finally arrived at school, Dylan dropped Anna at the entrance and told her to go on and that he will catch up later.
Anna headed to the doors buy stopped and looked back and smiled for some reason at the boy, he smiled back and and Anna knew that she couldn't be just friends with him.
Anna walked towards her locker and opened her locker to get books, when she opened it there was a note on it, it was not English that much she knows we off, it was written in some weird language, she looked around and put the note in her pocket, she decided on showing the note to Dylan maybe he knew what to do.
She walked over to her class, she hated history, it was boring and the teacher was boring.
She sat in class and drifted off after the teacher started, she kept thinking of all that has been happening.
While she sat she started to get sleepy. But them she snapped from it when Ashley poked her to wake up. Emma alerted and looked over at Ashley, she didn't even notice that she had entered or come to school, she hasn't talked to her much lately and she feels bad about.
She smiled at her and returned her attention to the class.
During lunch Anna and Ashley headed to there usual place I'm the cafeteria, once they sat Ashley looked at her and said, whats going on with you ?
Anna sighed and decided to spill it all.
VOTE AND COMMENT