
A/N
IF YOU SEE ANY ERRORS PLEASE POINT IT OUT, SO I CAN EDIT.
What is it Dylan, tell me now or else I swear to god I will kill you, I threatened. I was so afraid yet I was so strong, I could feel everything around me, I could intercept every energy and life around me. It was like the whole universe was on my side and I was its master.
Let me explain, Dylan says trying to calm me down, while failing to do so. Look I m a paladin, I was sent to be alongside you in your quest.
You what I said, you lied to me, you knew everything, you were just playing with. You will be punished, the storm returned, I could felt the rage through me, I could destroy him at that spot, but something else happened, I felt a sudden loosening up in my body and everything blurred out.
............
I woke to a dark place, was I dead I thought to my self, there was only a pitch black. Than all the memories came crashing about what happened after the party. I was freaked that I really did that, make the sky burn and trees. I was snapped from my thoughts when there was a bright light igniting at the far end, I didn't know what to do, I just stood there while the light got brighter and brighter until it covered the whole room and there was no darkness but bearable white surroundings.
Then I saw a white blurred out figure heading towards me, and it spoke in a broad voice that was clear and fine.
Anna the world and order is falling out of state, return the balance. Cleanse the universe with the catalyst you are its key.
I do not understand, how am I suppose to do all this, for the past few days I've learned to control my powers a bit and use them.
He chuckled a bit and then he spoke, look Anna I have been keeping an eye on you. In addition, what you did last night was something that was magical. You are the crucible and the entire universe and balance appeal; to you and respond to you. You are all connected. When you ran, the world responded to you and gave you space, the skis felt your pain and responded.
However, I was angry with Dylan and kind of with myself
, I should have never let him in.
I am the one who sent him to earth as your protector, the subject of you and he falling in love was unexpected but there is no harm.
I was somewhat shocked but I did not know what to say. Who are you I finally asked?
I am a builder; I helped in the creation of the multi verse and everything in it.
Oh, I say. What is the catalyst? I ask hoping to make things simpler. I want an exact answer.
Yes, of course I will share what I have. I was part of the team of builders to create the catalyst, the catalyst is a machine in basic, with the power to change the world, and it can modify, claim it, or even reset and destroy it.
After the catalyst was created, we lost the knowledge of the catalyst, only the crucible has the power to seek it out of it resting place.
Therefore, no one knows what the catalyst is and you all are relying on me, wow. Yes as a fact.
The book that you have is a instruction manual to your powers, now that I have briefed this to you, you should be able to do more, razeil will help you long the way, but remember the balance rides on you and everything responds to you.
With that, a bright light forced me to close my eye.
I woke up on my bed. How did I get here and there, I was stunned but then magic is weird.