
Yeah you got me and after a few dances later, I said I am tired and went to take a seat.
I was really warned out. I just sat there trying to bet my strength back when I saw someone familiar coming my way, Dylan. Hi, you came I said.
Yeah since you said you would come, he smiled.
He sat down beside me, I just shifted uncomfortably, even though I had a little crush on him, I just could not trust him, what if he was a demon or whatever.
So you want to dance he offered with a smile.
I nodded even though I was tired.
While were dancing a slow song came on, we started doing that slow dance, I think a couple has asked for it, but it's funny how it walked out, for me and Dylan. Wait what am I thinking, Dylan might be a demon, and I am here thinking about us. I need help for once.
You okay Dylan asks. I am fine, just tired.
Oh, you want to sit down, he offers. I nod and we make our way back to where I was seated. Soon were just talking about random stuff and all. Then suddenly he kissed me, at first, I just sat there frozen and not responding but then I kissed back. He backed away and smiled, I could hold back the blush I had turned red. I will get something to drink him offers I nod and he goes into the kitchen where all the drinks are, and no, it is not alcohol, well not all.
It had been 10 minutes gone. It cannot take so long to just get drinks. I went to the kitchen and regretted shocked height in front of Dylan and some blonde chick from my math class, were making out. I just stood there frozen, I could not move. I had fallen for a cheater and I felt so angry that I gave my heart to someone and he just did this to me. Dylan saw me and was shocked; I just backed away and ran outside to tie cold air hitting my face as I ran. I was just heartbroken even though I accepted my feeling for him a couple of minutes ago, I ran into the woods. The tress were so close and twisted but as I ran they cleared, I didn't have time to think about it and kept running, I felt footsteps and heard Dylan shouting to please stop and let's talk, I just ran and shouted that I don't want to talk coz I have seen what I hat to see, you are a lying jerk. I hate you Dylan.
Let me explain he shouted but I did not listen.
I could feel tingling my body, the clouds were becoming dark, and I knew that I was doing all this. There was lightening and the wind was picking up. I could feel so much power, fueled by rage.
I was surprised that Dylan did not get scared; he must be familiar with all this. I finally stopped at an open field, I suddenly had the courage to face Dylan, and I was so raged.
What do you want me?  My voice was so heavy.
I need to explain myself, please let me explain.
Fine, I said. I could feel the clouds swirling above me and lightening flashing, I could see that I had blue flames coming from my hands, I was so enraged.
Just hear me out Dylan said, still panting. He must have gone tired of running but I was still so active.
That girl just jumped on me, I did not kiss her back, and I could see he was telling the truth but I knew that this was the perfect time to get the truth about what he was.
I just have one question, I ask somewhat harsh.
Ask ill answer truthfully.
What are, I am sure that you are not human Dylan? Tell me this truthfully, please.
I could see that he tensed for a bit.