
In the beginning there was god and he created the heavens and the mortal race. There was balance in the universe and happy were the mortals and angels. Later ,on earth he filled the world with life. To fill the earth he made the mortal race as the apex and all the else part of them. He made the angels to fill in the heavens to be with him and watch over the earth. The builders were created to build the multi verse which would allow travelling of mortals and angels to different dimensions.
After the creation of the multi- verse the doors to all dimensions were open. Using the power and knowledge from the builders, god created the arc angels. The arc angels had the power to travel all the diminutions at free will without the use of the builder's machines because they had its power.
One of the arc angels know as Lucifer was created as perfection and created by wisdom and understanding. He had power beyond the other arc angles he was born from the flames of knowledge.
But too much knowledge could lead to something else.
As Lucifer learnt, he began to question his own creator to why should he rule and why there must be the mortal race.
As a result Lucifer chose to rebel against god and take control of the heavens and use the multi verses power to destroy all mortal life forms and start a new cycle that would enable him king and ruler of the universe.
Lucifer convinced 1/3 of the angels and 5 arc angels to join his mutiny. The war broke out, destruction was everywhere the balance broken apart . The heavens was burning, the earth was on the verge of oblivion.
God was angered by this betrayal and he summoned the all the powers and cast out Lucifer and his army. They were thrown on earth and striped of their power.
God could not let history repeat itself again so he closed all the doors to the multi verse only allowing the arc angels that remain to use its power. The bi frost was left dormant.
The heavens and the earth were separated and all contact from the mortal race was lost.
But god kept contact with the souls that were worthy and watched over his creations.
Whereas Lucifer and his army went underground on earth to preserver there power and having revenge in there corrupted hearts.
After centuries the balance has been created and peace was in order.
The angle Lucifer became Satan and his followers became the devil and they gain their power by fear and all negative emotions, from the mortal apex race.
God knew very well that the demons would want to take over the world so he made a solution, to prevent this, he would choose a human to guard earth and make a true balance of power.
A solution was designed.
A/N THERE IS MORE TO THIS . THERE WILL BE FILLERS THAT WILL HELP YOU UNDERSTAND ABOUT ALL THIS . :)
HOPE YOU LIKED THE FIRST CHAPTER
PLEASE VOTE AND COMMENT ON WHAT YOU WANT TO BE INCLUDED
Vote please