
SO HEYHOW ARE YOU GUYS?GOOD I HOPEI SAID I WOULD UPDATE LATER BUT IM UPDATING EARLY BECAUSE I DID NOT HAVE ANYTHING TO DOSO READ  AND I HOPE YOU LIKE IT.LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINKVOTE AND COMMENT
...........................................................
I saw what had I been seeing for so long in my dreams, a dark distorted figure. But I had only seen it in dreams and not awake. I told myself that it's only in my head. There is nothing on the wall. I'm not crazy.I shut my eyes tight trying to ignore the fact that I'm going crazy.When I opened my eyes the figure was gone.I let out a sigh of relief. I headed down to my locker to get my history book.Hey I heard from behind.I turned around it was Dylan, I smiled and said hi.What class you have now, Dylan asked.History and what about you?Same, want to go together? Yeah sure my friend is nowhere in sight so yeah lets go.OkaySo how's the teacher, Dylan asked? Since it was his first day he must have been nervous about the teachers and what type are they, honestly some teachers are like really annoying and jerks.Well she's good, you'll like her. She is funny and a good teacher.Oh good, I was kind of scared.Yeah I understand you.We walked up to class together, and I noticed he kept looking at me. It was weird.During class I could sense that he kept looking at me and not focusing on the class. .........................skip to lunch ..............Hey ash. Hey Anna.How was history, Ashley asked, giving me that weird face that's she makes when she is meaning something else.What it was okay.Hmmm just okay or okay, Ashley said making that face again.I have no idea what that means, I say crossing my hand.Ashley rolls her eyes. Don't play dumb. That new guy was checking you out.Noooooooooo.What look?Nah uh yes. He was looking at you, all class. He is into you Anna. I can tell.No his not, his just a friend. Come to realize I'm not even sure if we are friends yet. But he seems to be.Stop it Ashley, his not into me and there will never be anything more than friends.Suit yourself Anna. Yes, so anyway what's your story I ask.Nothing, it's just so lonely.By the way, what was his name?Who.Don't act dumb, I mean the new guy who was checking you out. He does not and his name is DylanOh I like it. I tried hitting on him, I'll be honest but then I saw him checking you out.Oh go for it, because I'm not interested.Ha-ha, no he clearly like you.Speak of the devil, here he comes.Anna makes eye contact Shut up, Um hey Anna. Hey Dylan.Hey I'm Ashley; Ashley said with a huge grin that she looked to me with.I rolled my eyes.Hey Anna I was wondering if I could talk to you.Oh look at the time ash says looking at her hand, even though there was no watch on.I have to go to the library; she lies because ash and books don't go together. I looked at ash and gave her the look to please don't go.So I wanted to ask you something Dylan asks. I nod So I was wondering if you were free after school. He asks while scratching his head, showing his nervous.Oh I would...I was cut off by the voices.....Anna........Anna...Anna.....Well Dylan asked. Oh umm I got to go, I panicked and ran out the hall, leaving Dylan confused and myself scared.I walked fast in the hall trying to get out.I suddenly saw the dark figure again.I didn't think one second and started to follow it.It moved faster, I ran faster.I bumped into people, but I did not care. I just wanted to know what was happening.The shadow went into a room. I followed it in, when I eyed the room it was pitch black.I looked around, I was scared. I didn't know what to do and what was happening.I saw I light in the center of the room, I walked closer. I didn't know what to do.I heard in a whisper, touch it, and touch it.I didn't know what to do so I just went with the voice and suddenly I felt a huge bang in head and everything started moving. Wind hit my face, as if I was moving so fast.Than everything started spinning and there was a voiceAnna,What I snapped. What do you want, leave me alone?This all in my head I said to myself.No Anna this all too real, this is reality.It is time you learnedWhat do you mean?You birth your creation was a design, a solution, and now it is time that you learned the reason.You are the living crucible, the key to life.I don't understand I screamed.I will make you understand Anna. We do not have time. You must trust me.Okay I just said, I was so confused I had no idea what else to do.Anna my time for now is out. I will come back till than try to control your powerWhat power. You must believe and all will happen.Till my next visit stay away from the shadows.With that everything blacked out...When I woke I was in the med bay in school. The first thing I saw was Dylan sitting next to me.Hey you're up, what happenedI don't know. I had no idea what just happened, was it a dream or it really happened. I just wish it was a dream.What happened and how I got here, I asked.Well after I asked you out, you looked scared and ran.And I followed you but then I lost you. I asked a guy if he saw a girl with glasses on and he said you went in that room, so when I got there, you were passed out.I'm really sorry about. I didn't mean to do that, I mean asking you out since we don't know each other much.Oh no, Dylan it's okay. I was just startled I lied.So um are we cool, Dylan Asked?Yeah we are. I chuckled.So yeah can I walk you home, Dylan offered.I nodded I just didn't want to be alone. I was scared......after school...........so what happened back there in school, Dylan asked.I don't want to talk about Dylan.Oh ok. He looked disappointed; I didn't mean it in that way I just don't want to think about it.Oh I get it Dylan smiled. He looks cute that way.So um why did you ask me out, I asked Dylan?His eyes grew wide and I was sure he did expect that question.Well I uh, he hesitated.Well I'll be honest; I really liked you the first time i bumped into you.Really, I blushed.Yeah, so you can say I had my eyes on you.I didn't know what to say.    Oh here is my house. Thanks for the walk and I'll see you tomorrowYeah see yeah than, oh wait can I have your number, if you don't want to its okay.No, its fine.I gave him my phone and took his we both exchanged numbers.Okay so ill text you, Dylan said. With a huge smile.Yeah okay .byeI turned around and opened my front door and a gust of wind rushed out.