
im dedicating this chap to taranmatharu because i was inspired by you to write
.SO HEY
HOW ARE YOU GUYS THIS MY NEW UPDATE, LIKE I PROMISED THAT ILL UPDATE IN LESS THN 24 HOURS.
SO IF YOU HAVE ANY SUGGECTIONS PLEASE LET ME KNOW , I COULD USE THE HELP
HOPE YOU LIKE IT
LIKE AND VOTE PLEASE
.
Somewhere underground,..............present day
I feel the power growing; I can sense the solution had been born.
Do you fear it, Lucifer? Said death
No, never. I fear nothing that is mortal.
I will destroy that child and take over the mortal race.
When
Once I have gained my strength.
The child may hold great power, but to destroy me, it will need the catalyst.
Without the catalyst, the child is powerless.
But I do not understand, death said.
Well it's simple that the child is a crucible, it's only a key to something much greater than all of us.
The child is a key to a weapon that has the power and energy to change and modify the cycle.
The cycle is self sustained, death claims.
No, it is not, the cycle was built out of the collected emotions and thoughts of the once before us. But as it grew it gained a conscious of its own.
The catalyst had the ability to control it.
But also has enough energy to destroy a single form of life.
So you are saying that the catalyst can wipe out the shadow world and all darkness.
Yes, but the catalysts energy can be redirected to change its course and make it start a new cycle.
So you are going to use the child against its reason.
Yes
I have already begun my plan and this time I will succeed
Send the watchers and keep an eye out on the child and make sure to go according to plan.
As you command, Lucifer.
..............................................
Anna ......Anna...........ANNA.......find .....The .catalyst.............FIND.........seeks and find...........I SEE YOU.
....
I woke up screaming.im tired of these nightmares, I can see myself in a dark place and these sounds keep playing over and over again.
I was snapped from my thoughts when my phone buzzed. It said Ashley on the scream. I slided my hand across to answer it.
Hey
Where you have been, Ashley shouted from the other side.
I'm in bed and why the hell are you shouting.
You promised you would meet last night and go out for a party, you totally ditched me to hang with losers.