
Hey what's up people ?I'm sorry about the spelling error or anything ..I didn't have time for editing I'll do it later So I hope you like it !!!!
-------Luifer watched from the high sky scrapers. He looked at the human race and felt disgusted to such life forms. He belived that they were use less. He always dispised them and would go to any limit to destroy them. But he begged to differ, he preferred to be king, he wanted power and the humans and all the realms to bow before him. He only cared for power.
As he watched over the busy humans doing there there worthless and boring things. Suddenly he felt a pang of energy unsettling within him, it was so strong it made him feel weak for a few seconds, but then it came to his senses that the crucible has arrived.
He smirked to himself as he had been waiting for this for so long, that day has finally come, she has walked into his trap.
He took a deep breath in and exhaled it out feeling the dark energy flow through his body, he could feel the darkness closing in on him and the clouds started to to turn black with lightening that were created from hell.
A full scale storm was headed. This was it the beginning of a perfect hell storm.
.
Anna and Dylan walked over to a crappy building that looked like it was gonna crumble down to dust the moment they sat foot on it.
Why are we here Anna asked kinda looking weirded out by this place. Dylan just flashed her a smile and they both kept walking onto wards the building, but as soon as Anna touched the gate p, it changed, a light flow occurred, the gates turned gold the building now a huge tower that was very modern and by the looks and what she observed so far that is was hidden from all . They bother walked into the front and the massive doors pushed open. It was a beautiful place, there were designs that were of true art.A few steps inside boy walked over to us, he had a a white coat that was stiff and blue patterns were drawn on it, he had blue eyes That were literally glowing. He had white boots on that suited his appearance.Hello he greeted with a smile and looked over to Dylan and me. I'll be your teacher he smiled and looked at me . Hello Anna and Dylan said together and he ushered us to follow him, we both followed after him, "so I never expected to see a paladin or the crucible in my home", he chuckled .Well I didn't expect to be here my self,Dylan announces , in a kinda annoyed tone."Well I guess they are not in good terms",Anna thought to herself.She looked around the enormous room, it was huge, there were book shelfs , that had books that looked like they were from the 1700s, and they were certainly not English, or close to it."Follow me and I'll show you to your rooms" he announces and indicates to follow.Umm just wondering what's your name" Anna asks fiddling with her fingers, if that was okay to ask, well after all he was her teacher p, she thought."Oh forgive" where are my manners, staying here alone has certainly changed that he chuckles, but for your information young lady, my names "william", william Ackerman." I was responsible in the restoration of the relays after the war, which we will learn soon he smiles and we walk over to the hall way with Dylan following behind Anna. *****⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️Lightning strikes sending a Burst of light over the land. The sky turned black, the wind grew to strength, the flowery meadows that bloomed with flowers, now just withering away, turning black and rotten. Loosing there colors. Dark smoke emerged from thin air over the meadows, as she gained form, her arms came to be her body found shape, her hair now stable as it flew back in the wind, she opened her eyes revealing a dark red eyes. Her pupils turned back as she took complete from, throwing a wave of energy that caused every thing to burn. I'm coming for you Anna .....Anna suddenly woke up trying to get her breath even. Than it came to here sense that it was a dream, but it was so real it seemed to her, as she looked around the empty room.She got up and decided to walk around the place to see if anyone was awake.She headed down the spiral stairs. She stopped when she saw bright light coming from one of the common rooms, which she believed was the library or study as assumed because books were everywhere in this building from the entrance to even outside the rooms. She headed to space and was met with William standing, showing his back at Anna and reading something out of a book. It looked old and washed up.What could he be doing out at this late at night Anna thought to her self as she knocked was about to knock on the side to his attention."There is no need for that Anna , I already felt your presence please come in," William said. I was kinda startled by him being aware I was watching."What are you doing up so late", I asked, trying not to be nosy but was in a way."Well I was catching up with some reading and all, I have been looking at designs on the relays that I designed, there have been some errors lately and I can't get a firm grip on how to fix it", he says while still looking in his book and not bothering to look up."Come here Anna I want to show you something, he say. Anna walkes up to him and he ponts to the book his reading. "Look at this what do you see.Ummm.. Some drawings.It's not just drawing these are the machines that are called relays, the are on high space and are used to travel from one dimension to another, but there is a problem, they are not responding well. Maybe you can help .And how is that Anna says looking concerned cause she has no idea what are they in detail and wants her help on this."Well he says" you see that you are not very different from this. You power was designed from this and it is relevant that you connect to them and even travel from dimension to dimension without the help of relays, buts it's only possible through when you connect to the catalyst first,Anna nods in understanding what he just said."So how do I do this."