
So when are you going to tell me stuff, I asked the razeil.
This is not the best place to have this conversation, and for the information only you can see me and anything not of mortal race.
Wait what; I looked confused, thinking about the part not of mortal race.
Well by your questions I can say that you do not know of the link between your world nab the shadow world.
No, I said sarcastically.
Well I believe that this will be a long day, because you do not have any knowledge about our world.
Wow I really don't, I roll me eyes.
Okay Anna I will enter your brain, in order to implant memory verses that will be activated during proper times.
What, enter my mind and put something there, are you crazy.
No I'm not, but these verses will help you understand, you will not feel anything.
Okay go for it I say, even though I wanted to run away. Without any warning he just came at my face and I almost fell back but I kept balance.
What just happened, I thought to myself. I saw that I was getting dark so I got up and made my way back home and decided to get the book from the book store tomorrow first thing in the morning.
I opened my front door and saw that my mom was watching TV.
I started going up stares.
Anna wait I heard my mom say.
Yes mom.
Can we talk love?
Umm what about mom, I said I bit worried.
Well dear I heard from your teachers that you are not paying attention in class and always lost.
Well who ever told her was right, coz I have been zoning out a lot in class every time.
But moms I still get good grades and complete all my work.
Yes dear but we are concerned, if there is anything that you want to talk about, imp hears.
Ok mom, I'll keep that in mind. I shrugged.
And sweetie, who's that boy you're hanging out.
My eyes went wide, she must referring to Dylan.
Oh mom his just a friend.
Oh ok just a friend, my mom says with sarcasm in her tone.
I roll my eyes and go back to my room.
As soon as I went up stairs and get in my room my room door slammed suddenly behind me. I jumped and I realized that my room is pitch black.
Anna it is time to learn................. I heard
Learn what, I say into the darkness.
Look into yourself what do you see, I hear.
Believe in yourself and you shall see what you can do.
Raise your hand, summon your powers, believe, and try it.
I held my hand out and tried concentrating but nothing happened.
I can't I say, there's nothing, I'm angry now
Calm down Anna, just believe.