
It has been 3 days since I mastered telecannises; I had been practicing and had gotten pretty good with it. I could even crush things now, but I was scared if I ever cause someone to get hurt. I normally practiced in my room and used books and other stuff to levitate.
It was weird that this all happened so fast that it was almost hard to believe it was true. But I did understand that this is a big deal and I had decided to accept all this but I still needed answers.
Greeting I heard, and jumped, I looked back to see razeil in his orb form.
What are you doing here I asked. Well I came to check on you and vie seen you practicing, which is good, he said. I just shrugged. Well now that you have mastered half your mind power now let's
Start with telepathy. Wait what I asked. You mean that I can read minds too.
Yes he stated. How I asked, kind of

.
Well you have to focus.
Just focus on trying to get in there heads.
So I can read anyone's mind.

. No not all he said.
You can only read minds of human beings and with more practice the higher beings such as

Warlocks, but for now humans.
Once you master this you will be able to see the mood of a person and how it changes, also you can control people, which I hope you don't.
Okay ill try my best I said and he was gone
Okay so I guess I could st
I headed out side and went down the road, to the bus stop. I decided if I was gonna practice mind reading , the best place would be where a lot of people are. I headed to the west mall.
When I arrived, I went to the café shop and bought
To just sit at a place and focus on people. But nothing it

Was a weirdo looking at people and raying
That's it I said. I'm going to master this right now.
I closed my eyes and blanked everything out and focused on people. And then it happened I started to hear
. They were not loud just whispers of people from the mall. I focused it on a girl and I could hear

.
I can believe this, the top was not my size, I heard in her mind. I chuckled by her thoughts.
I focused on the boys in the corner.
I can't
Believe

That was going too. I was distracted when I saw Dylan walking towards me with a huge smile. I smiled back and decided to wave at him, even though he was surely coming my way. As I saw him coming I could see something in his chest. It was an orb and it was glowing with happiness I felt it.
Hey Anna, he said, her I said.
What you are doing here all alone, he asked. I'm just here, like that, I lied. Okay Mind Company he smirked. Come lets hang he insisted. I thought for a sec and nodded. We walked to shops and just locking around and having small talk.