
After what I read, I was so scared. It's like everything is changing so fast. I could not even focus straight on what was real. U just wished that the world would pause for me.
I was snapped from my thoughts when my phones buzzed. I picked it up and ash had texted me.
-hey, how was the walk home.
-shut up ash, I can't believe you were spying on me
- I was not; I heard it from the gossip girls in school.
-what. Just what I needed, night.
-night.
After that I could not believe that people were thinking that Dylan and I am a thing. I barely know the guy.
Plus I got this whole thing about; well I don't know what to call all this.
I went to bed and fell asleep trying to process all that happened today.
...................the next day............
I was sitting in class and zoning out.
I was thought of what I read in the book, and what happened in that room.
I was so confused but I had decided that now imp going with this. There must be a reason to why this is happening and I wall get to the bottom of this.
I came back to reality when the bell rang for lunch.
I waited for ash to come out so we could go together.
Hey Anna,
Hey Dylan, I didn't see you standing there.
Yeah I just pass by.
Oh
So you going to lunch
Yeah.
Oh.
Ok Dylan why are you so nervous when you talk to me.
Nervous, really .well I honestly don't know, Dylan says.
Okay I can tell that you want to say something, so say it. I don't bite, I say
Well I was wondering if you want to have loch with me, I mean as friends, I mean so we can get to know each other. As friends I mean. But I mean I like you. No I mean that no I don't .no I do.
Stop, yeah I would be happy to have loch with you.
And you have rambling issues, I say laughing
I'm sorry dean says.
Oh no I think it's cute, and immediately blush, thinking what I just said.
Oh imp glad than Dylan says nervously.
So let's go.
We walked down the hall to the loch room. We had a good time. He told me jokes and we enjoyed the laughs. He was something else. We just clicked I guess. So Dylan tells me about your family I asked changing the topic.
Well actually my parents died when I was young. I hardly knew them.
Oh imp sorry, I hold his hand.
It's cool, I live on my own.
Oh
Tell me about yours,
Well I have mom , she's cool and tryst getting in my life an d my dad, his always away on business trips so yeah that pisses me of. But imp used to it.
Oh, Dylan chuckles.