
A/NHey hey new update hope you like it .VOTE AND COMMENT
After dropping off Anna, Dylan drove of to the east side of town, he skipped school which didn't matter much. He drove and came up to the woods, he parked near it and went in on foot, he walked from tree to tree until he came where he was too.
It was an old oak tree that was huge in size but it was not ordinary, it was a simple relay tree that allowed people who knew about it or magical beings to jump from one dimension to another, he walked forward and out his hand in the tree and closed his eyes, he said thesea and within moments he was on the planet thesea, a wonderful world ruled by the beings know as Asari
The planet was beyond magical, the Asari used magic and science to unlock mysterious of the universe, they were very indeed evolved, only a selected Asari knew as the the Asari council know about the angels and about the other magical realms, this is for the protection of the universe and prevent war.
Dylan went up to the main city site and headed for the the northern council.
The Northan council were capable of entering other peoples mind and they could accsess memory's but in this case find the resting place of the catalyst, the builders had briefed Dylan on the catalyst and crucible.
"soon he was at the gates of the enormous  type structure ". The golden gates glowed by the three sun's the planet had. "
Dylan went over to the gate guard and told him that he was expected. He let him through to the gate. Once in he was still stunned by the beauty of this planet, the trees here the life here seemed so pure. If only earth was the same he thought.
He walked into the structure and headed for the hall where he was to meet the council.
He waited for them patiently until he heard footsteps and he turned to see five figures all wearing hoods and long cloths hanged down to prevent Dylan from seeing who they were. They councils member were to remain a secret, it was custom.
What do you search for  young paladin, one of the members asked Dylan, with a heavy voice.
Dylan moved closer and spoke with no fear, I have to ask for the help of the council, to find the resting place of the catalyst, Dylan said, knowing that the asari have been studing all this for a long time and they must be familier with these things.
And how do you suppose we can help you with that, a women's voice came from the third council in line.
Well Dylan went one, that we have discovered the crucible and according to the knowledge provided  by the builders that the secret of the catalyst lies deep in the crucibles mind, and I was hoping that you use your powers to draw out this knowledge from her.
The council looked at each other and than talked a bit and arguing. Than the middle one spoke. We can draw the knowledge out but it will take a lot of power to do so and the crucible is very power full. One mistake we can all die.
What do you mean Dylan asked kind of confused. Well you see the council spoke, the crucible has a lot of energy in it, the catalyst is not powered  at all, it's the crucible, the catalyst only allows the power of the crucible to be dispersed in certain way but with it magnifies the power to such strengths that it can rip apart the time space axis and the multi verse will be disturbed.
Well I don't understand what this has to do with you looking into Anna's mind, Dylan asked annoyed now. Well you see young paladin that the crucible is the source of energy and what if it released its power without the catalyst, the energy cannot be controlled, so if we look into her mind and she feels like theirs something wrong the energy can be dispersed from there and destroy everything.
There is great risk in this, considering she has not been trained properly and hasn't mastered her full powerd, the council said. But there is a solution young one. And what is that Dylan asked.
You can help her train to the greatness she can be and allow her to find it herself. We can try but its up to her.
We will be waiting for your answer paladin.
The council walked away and Dylan headed back out, he had to talk to anna but how, he didn't know how to train her, he needed to ask the builders on this, he headed for the heavens gates.
HOPE YOU LIKED IT VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE NOW