
Hello sweaty, she smiles and gestures for me to come over. How was school she asked?
Oh, it was fine. I am going to a party tonight mom, I say.
Oh, okay, just no alcohol.
I nod, yes mom, I would never to that. She smiles and hands me a muffin, I take it and head up to my room. I quickly get all the things I need and head top Ashes house for my makeover, which I was totally against but I think I needed some change. I headed downstairs and waved good-bye to my mom, and headed to Ashes house down street. After sometime I was at Ashes front door, I knocked and Ash opened it up for me and had a huge grin on her face, I just knew she was planning stuff for the makeover. I went inside and greeted Ashes mom, she was a lovely woman, she had light blade hair, short up to the shoulders, and she wore a red poker dotted dress. She smiled a greeted. So ill be going out today, do not burn the house, while I am gone, she says jokingly, heading for the door, when she was gone, Ash turned to me with a grin. Time to change you, she says proudly.
Well after what seemed like ours was practically only 30 minutes. We were done and I had not seen myself in the mirror yet, I was somewhat scared but excited at the same time. Go ahead and look Ash says, with an idiotic smile. I went over to the full-length mirror with my eyes closed, I really was excited. Then I opened my eyes.
I just stood there, staring at the mirror, I looked amazing, I have never felt or seen myself this amazing. Well what you think Ash says. I do not know what to say ash, it is just wow. Do not need to say anything, I know I have done a great job, now let us get ready for the party.
Ash and I went to the car and ash agreed that she would drive us up the lake house. About half an hour later, we could hear the faint sound of music blasting. So we were close, I saw ashes orb become kind of hyper active, meaning she was excited. We found a parking spot and headed towers the house. The door was locked and ash pushes it open to reveal people dancing and laughing.
I went in after ash and I could feel people staring at me, well I also would stare at me self, but people dancinging had stopped and were just looking at me, I have never felt this kind of attention before, it was warming but somewhat creepy, I just flashed a smile and walked on. They are all checking u out, ash says with a huge smile. Yeah I see that, I say.
So ill be outside if you need me, ash says and walks outside to the lake. I stayed inside and decided not to get to much attention. I the place was full of people with hyperactive orbs. Hey I heard, I looked around and saw a blonde person that I have never seen in my whole life, must have been a college. Hi, I waved back. You look amazing he says. Umm thanks I say, somewhat nervously. Do you want to dance he says. Oh, sorry, I say, I do not know how to dance. I will
Teach
You he smiles. Before I could respond, I was dragged to the dance floor.
Just move around like me he says and I follow his moves and soon I am dancing with, just a casual dance that is all.
So my names James, and yours.
I am Anna I say with a smile. You do not go out much do you he says smirking.
Umm no, howdy you know. Well you are somewhat shy and it is clear you do not like this kind of stuff.