
HEY GUYS. I HOPE YOU DONT MIND A FEW SPELLING ERROR. I HAVE SCHOOL COMING UP SO I DID NOT REVEIW THIS YET. ILL EDIT LATER.
2205
call  weird or what but I have been avoiding Dylan for 2 days now, I thought I would talk to razeil but he said he is just a memory and does not have the power to check. His words exactly. I walked into the cafeteria with Ash; she was annoyed that I have not been spending much time with her lately. Well could not blame her cause she was right, ever since this whole, whatever has been happening I just kind of shut everyone out. I guess I need to loosen up a bit, and the best person to help was Ash, coz she's a pretty much a party freak, also out going, whereas me I'm her total opposite, I wonder why does she hang with me. So anyways, I agreed that I would go, to this party up in a lake house. I really do not want to go, but what can I do.
So are you ready to party, Ashley says smirking at me. I just nod and roll my eyes, coz she clearly knows that I do not like this sort of things. However, she just pushes me to go. Oh come on she whines, live a little, it will not kill you meet new people.
Fine ill go and fake smile, and for the record, it could kill us to meet new people, whose knows maybe they are serial killers. Oh, you are such full drama, Ashley retorts. I just roll my eyes and sat down at our usual table. Therefore, what are you going to wear to the party? Umm I was thinking cloths and shoes, I say jokingly. Ash just laughs that insane laugh which is. Wear something loose, she grins. Why would I do that I ask. Well come on, she says.andForever alone
If you keep doing this. Maybe I want to be forever alone and not bothered by people. Your just saying that coz you have nicer been with a guy and your just in books and all nerd stuff, she puffs. I seemly roll my eyes. Fine what do you want me to do that?  She just grins at me gives that evil look, I am going to dress you up for the party. Fine I groan, now can I eat in peace. Yes, you may.
I began eating when I heard a familiar voice say hello. So much for the peace I thought. I turned around and put on a fake smile a draw Dylan standing there. Umm hi I say, with a go away tone. However, he surely does not catch on.
So umm have you been avoiding me, did I do something wrong, coz I am sorry, he says apologetically.
Oh no, it is nothing like that, it is just that I have been umm, busy, yes busy, I have been busy lately.
Oh so we cool. Umm yes, I smiled even though I was lying.
So are you going to the party, he asks. I nod in reply. Are you going I ask? Yes now I am going. What I say, you were going to go if I was going to go, I ask somewhat surprised. Yeah he says smiling like an idiot.
Therefore, I will see you than he says and walks away to his table. I sigh in relief.
So seems like his really into you are, Ashley teases. No Ash, I just do not see him in that very now. Wait now, so you saw him differently before, interesting Ash grins.
Cut me some slack will you, I ask. Fine but now, I have a better motive for your make over that I will personally give for the party.
Your insane Ash, I am telling you need to help. Yes, I am crazy she laughs like a psycho.
...............................
It was the night of the party, I was walking home from school, and I had to get some things before I headed over at Ashes to let her give me a makeover. I went down the road, saw people walking, and decided to look at their thoughts and feeling / orbs. Mostly they were calm, must be coz of the nice evening. However, I still could not get my thoughts why I could not see Dylan rod, it was frustrating, coz he was really a nice person. I just really did not want him to be a devil or anything bad, coz I kind of do have feeling for him even though I do not admit to Ash, but I do, me really to like Dylan. However, I just have no idea what he is, I am sure his not human, hack I do not think I am human, myself. Before I  knew It I was on my houses door step, I pulled out my key and went inside, I saw my mom making something in kitchen so I headed over to her.