
Anna flipped through the pages and read about a story that was told by the book. As she read the writings, the writings would disappear. The book was telling about a story of how a machine was created.
It read after the war between the heavens, the creator ordered the builders to create a machine that would be strong enough to destroy or rip apart a cycle. The builders spent years to make the machine. But they added more to it than asked. The builders had made the machine in such a way that it could change the course of life and create, destroy or even modify the cycle of life. The cycle of life is the entire living population of the universe. Each cycle has its own alpha race and its own force. The builders after making the all powerful machine named it, "the catalyst". The heavens feared its power because they could also be destroyed by it. The catalyst was so powerful that it could destroy anything below the creator. The builders understood there plead and knew that if it were to fall in the wrong hands there would be chaos. So they separated the catalyst. They removed its power source, and when removed the energy was so strong that it needed a living host to host it. Therefore, the builders created the "crucible". A living child that would be born on the planet earth.
As she finished the last words, the writings disappeared and the book closed. Anna now understood more on what was happening around her. She checked her phone to see that she had a text from Dylan ten minutes ago to meet him at the old park. She sent him a text saying that she will be down there in ten.
The sun was blocked away by the passing clouds as Anna walked down the road towards the old park where she had to meet up with Dylan. She walked silently to the park. She reached there on time and saw Dylan typing away on his phone. She walked up to him.
Hey Anna, Dylan said as he looked up from his phone and gestured her to take a seat.
Anna smiled and sat next to him.
Well Dylan started off, I went to some friends of mine and they think that you should take training to control your powers, cause you are not stable and if you release your powers without the catalyst you could destroy a lot because there will be no order in which the energy will be dispersed. Anna nodded, as she understood his concern.
So what are you suggesting that we do Dylan, Anna says with nervousness in her voice.
Well I have been given the advice that, someone could train you.
Well that is fine with me, Anna answers
However, well you see Dylan scratched his head and then sighs. It is in New York. You will have to come with me there.
Anna looked at Dylan as if he was crazy. Are you crazy Anna says in a hush loud voice? I cannot leave my parents, what will they think.
Oh, I have that covered Dylan smiles.
How?
Well there is this spell where we can make you a dummy and it will fill in while you are away.
Wont they get suspicious its not me, Anna pushes her eyebrows up.
No, they will not get a clue because it is a powerful spell.
Okay, Anna nodded understanding that this was important to him and the world.
She sighed and said, when do we leave?
*
As Dylan and Anna talked, they did not know that the shadow watchers were spying on them listening to what they spoke.
Once they discovered that, in a blink of an eye the watchers were with Lucifer and they told him of their arrival.
In addition, as for Lucifer, everything was going as he planned.