
Bonnie POV
Bonnie was smiling, yet frowning at the same time when it all happened. Those emotions were mixed due to going to English class, but it being her last English class. Bonnie's heart wasn't set on being late, so she broke into a slow jog, and soon it was a sprint, using flexibility and agility to get through the mob of excited teenagers. As she ran, Bonnie felt her phone buzz from inside of her hoodie pocket, and looked down at it to see a text from her mom. But before she could reply, she was blindly slammed down to the ground by two other people, both running as well. Bonnie rubbed her head in pain, and looked up at the students lying in front of her. It was Chica Delaine, who had won the end of the year talent show last week, with singing, and Foxy Tear, the boy who has dressed like a pirate since 4th grade. Bonnie stood up quickly, while Chica took deep breaths and Foxy just stared at her, and flipped up his eyepatch. "Lass, you'd better watch out next time." Foxy said, after finally standing up. "I'm gonna be late for music class! Nice bumping into y'all, but I have to go!" Chica hopped up to her feet and squeezed between the gap of Foxy and Bonnie. Bonnie tightened her ponytail awkwardly and said, "I'd better go to. Nice seeing you." She smiled lightly and then whipped around to the direction of English class. Somewhere behind her, Foxy smirked, shifted his backpack on his shoulders, and then walked to the auditorium.
Foxy POV
Foxy was starstruck, pretty much. Bonnie, the girl he's had a crush on since 6th grade, just bumped into him. It was practically the closest he has ever been to her! After fixing his eyepatch again, Foxy started walking towards the auditorium for drama class, and made a note to himself to text Bonnie after school.
He got to class only 2 minutes late. "Foxy.." His teacher, Mr. Bogatz started as he walked into the door at 2:17. "Lad, I'm sorry, I fell in the hallway and it bumped back my schedule." Mr. Bogatz's expression lifted and he clapped his massive hands. "Well, why don't we set up a prompt for today?"