
Bonnie POV
Bonnie woke up in a crouched up position and her phone buzzing. Seeing it was from Chica (and that it was 3:00 PM), Bonnie ran into the bathroom and locked the door before answering. "Chica? Where on earth are you? Why are you calling me?" Bonnie asked in a hushed voice. From the other end of the line Bonnie heard "Bon, I need you to come into my room and remove your 50 pound challenge dumbbell from in front of my bathroom door. Please." Bonnie arched her eyebrow, but threw on her fuzzy purple bathrobe and walked to her old room. Sure enough, Bonnie saw her 50 pound challenge dumbbell in front of the yellow door for Chica's bathroom. Carefully bending over, Bonnie removed the dumbbell and opened up the door. Inside, she saw a red eyed, raggedy haired Chica restif her cheek in her palm. "Chica! What are you doing in here??" Bonnie exclaimed. "That crazy b*tch Angelina locked me in here." Chica breathed. "Did all this time in a bathroom go to your head?" Chica weakly stood up and slapped Bonnie. "No! She's crazy and demented and she wants to kill us all!" "Alrighty then." Bonnie turned around and walked back to her room.
Chica POV-ish
That night was the Oscars. Gold was staying another night so they all crowded on the couch to watch together. Bonnie was holding their prediction ballots and a purple highlighter that smelled like grapes. "So, whoever gets the most winners correct gets the plastic Oscar at the end. Alright?" Bonnie explained. Everyone nodded as Chica stood up to go to the bathroom and Angelina stood up "to get a drink". Angelina ran in front of Chica and then stood in the bathroom entrance. "Um, aca-scuse me?" Chica asked silently. "You may have thought you got away with getting out, but I know all your weaknesses." "That's a little creepy. Now can I release my urine?" Angelina growled, rolled her eyes, and then muttered, "wish I still had some dumbbells." She walked off as Chica shut herself inside of the main bathroom.
After the Oscars were over, Bonnie announced the winner of their broken down plastic Oscar Chica had gotten when she went to college in California. "In 3rd place, with 4 correct answers, Freddy Mass!" Bonnie shouted, standing on the seat in front of the fireplace. "Dang it." "Our 2nd runner up with 6 correct answers, is Gold Mass!" "Fredrick." "Fine, Fredrick Mass!" Gold did a weird dance. "And our winner of the 2015 Oscar is...... Chica Mass with 7 correct answers! Congratulations! We have no time for speeches because I am dead tired so goodnight everyone!" Chica accepted her Oscar and Gold and Angelina unfolded the pull out couch. Everyone else went into their rooms and changed into their fuzzy warm pajamas. Chica was relieved to be in her own bed again. After Freddy was for sure asleep, Chica took our her phone with the yellow chicken/duck case and opened up her text messages. It was a long shot to see if Bonnie was still awake, but she decided to try it. She texted Bonnie, "u still awake? I need someone to talk to" it wasn't long before Bonnie replied, "sadly, I am still awake. What would you like to talk about?"  "I still think Angelina is out to haunt me. Any ideas why?" "The only thing I can think of is the stupidest reason ever." "What is it? Every thought counts."  "Wasn't there always that one girl who tried out for the choir solo and you always got it instead of her?" "Would that be a reason to break my nose? "SHE BROKE YOUR NOSE AND YOU DIDN'T TELL US?" "Oh, must have left that out." "Chica I am so tired, so please just let me sleep. We can talk more after I get home from work tomorrow. Make sure you tell Freddy about your nose before you go to work. Heck, don't even go to work. Goodnight, Chica. We'll try and find out more tomorrow." So Chica put down her phone and closed her eyes, but it wasn't long before she had a nightmare.
Chica was standing in her bathroom, and her phone was dead, her stomach was just about dead, she was thin and her hair was falling off by the second. "How long have I been in here?" Dream Chica questioned. Soon enough, she heard Angelina's voice from outside the door, sweeter than ever. "15 years, honey. They all think you're dead. Even Bonnie's idiotic daughter does, because she was told about you. I took over your music class by the way, they love me." She cackled and Chica's dream faded out.
Chica woke up breathing heavily and grabbed her pillow. She put her pillow on her stomach and squeezed it. Picking up her phone and looking at the clock, she saw it was 3 AM. Chica threw the covers off of herself and wandered to the kitchen to get a glass of water. There, she had a view of Angelina and Gold asleep on the couch, and Chica formed a plan...