
Photo is characters in the story. There are 2 models of Chica because why not, but the first one is more of the one in the story. Thanks!
Descriptive POV???
After college all of them had moved into a small condo together, one room being Bonnie and Chica's, and one being Freddy and Foxy's. It was a three bedroom, 4 bathroom house with a large kitchen that had an attached breakfast bar, a nice family room, a great living room, a big attic for storage, and a concrete finished basement. They now lived in Louisiana again and they all graduated in their majors. Bonnie in education, and Chica, Freddy, and Bonnie all in preforming arts. They bought a "family" dog whom they named Mangle, due to the mess of fur she was when they got her, and they also had a hamster named Mark, for no apparent reason.
Bonnie and Chica's room was purple and yellow, and home to Mangle, with her pink and white, fluffy dog bed. Bonnie had her four years of gymnastics posters set up on the bottom wall of the bunk her and Chica shared, and Chica had her musical promotion posters taped up on her top bunk wall. Foxy and Freddy's was red and brown, with varsity posters from their colleges and play/musical posters. Mark's red cage was sitting on Freddy's dresser, and an extra pillow for Mangle was put in a corner, in case she wanted to sleep in there with them. Freddy had his promotion posters on his bottom bunk walk, like Chica, and Foxy had movie posters on the top bunk wall.
Their fridge was decked out with alcohol first of all for the boys, but also healthy stuff for Bonnie, and junk food for Chica. Chica was always the person to clean everything, since Bonnie doesn't like to clean, Freddy is lazy, and Foxy messes everything up when he tries.
Bonnie is a daytime 4th grade teacher, and usually stays up until about 11:00 each night writing, making lesson plans, and grading papers. She also gets up at 5:00 to get the classroom ready for the day. Chica is a choir teacher at a preforming arts school, and Freddy helps her from time to time. Foxy is still looking for his big break, though, and stays at home most of the time, if he's not at an audition.
Anyway, they settled into their house very well after 6 months, and all was well. Sort of...