
Freddy POV
How do you describe a boy who loves to sing? First of all, you can just describe him as any band. Beatles, Wonders, 5SOS, 1D, anything! But what I would like to call him, is-
A gleek.
He's that kind of perky male singer you would see on glee, right up on the stage in his colorful outfit, with the braces and weird parted hair. Yes, he did get his braces off 2 years ago, but let's not focus on that. Let's focus on how he loves to sing.
Singing has been Freddy's passion since 4th grade, when he joined his school's choir. And he never looked back.
He auditions for every solo he can, and gets pretty much all of them.
Freddy may seem like all the girls want him since he's an amazing singer, but no one does. That's because first of all, he's considered a gleek. And second of all, he always wears a black top hat and bow tie, no matter what happens. He says it is part of who he is, and his hat won't come off no matter what. That's his only excuse.
Freddy has brown, close cropped hair parted in the middle, and gentle blue eyes. He also always has a sly grin, making pranks in his head that he will never use.
He loves most classes, except for PE. Freddy's always been a failure when it comes to Physical Education, so he's obviously made a disliking to it. But otherwise, he smiles the rest of the day, and mostly in music class and choir practice.
Freddy has a twin brother and basic parents, along with a brown cat named Choco. His brother looks opposite of him, with blonde hair instead of brown and gray eyes that look completely different from Freddy's blue ones. Since his brother is about an hour younger than Freddy, he always copies him, being the "younger" one. The second day Freddy started wearing his hat and bow tie, he came home to see his brother sporting the same look, but blue. And they call his brother, Gold, due to the menacing hair. His real name is Fredrick though, mimicking Freddy in one more category.
Now that we have the gleek covered, let's move on to our last test subject(lol just kidding), the actor...