
Foxy POV
It was 4 years, 7 months and 18 days after they had moved into the condo, and they had all became even closer than they were before. All 4 of them made a tradition of going out on double dates every 2 days, which brought them as close as they are. One romantic night, the boys woke up somehow drunk in the middle of the night and climbed into Chica and Bonnie's beds with them.
Anyways, it's was November 13th 2013, Bonnie's 26th birthday. The 4 threw a crazy party for her, inviting some of her gymnastics teammates from college and other friends of theirs. It's was halfway through the party, with music beating and lights streaming, when Bonnie, in her high heels and purple dress, stood up on the coffee table in the living room. "Hello friends, friends, and friends," she smiled. "I was born on November 13th, 1987, which makes today my 26th birthday. And I would like to celebrate it with all of you, and make it one of my happiest birthdays, ever. So let's get this party started!" Bonnie shouted as she held up her glass of champagne. She jumped down was agility and then met Foxy by the breakfast bar. "Bon, can I talk to ye?" Foxy asked her, playing with his fingers. "Foxy, you can always talk to me." "Okay." Bonnie waited patiently as Foxy scratched the back of his neck. "Um, Bonnie," he started, his accent shaken for this serious moment, which must have been hard, depending on the fact that he's had it for 16 years. "I've known you for about 8 years, and I've kind of come to notice that you, have so much meaning to me, and I sure wouldn't be the same without you. I love you with all my heart, and I hope you do the same." Tears welled up in Bonnie's eyes as Corey kneeled down and took out a red velvet box, opening it to reveal a silver ring with a purple gem shaped as a heart, and words engraved in cursive on the side that read, 'Sorry, I've got to get to class now..' "Will you-" he was interrupted by Bonnie dropping to her knees in tears and quietly sobbing, "Yes, of course." She embraced him and they kissed, long before either of them noticed that all of the guests were watching them and clapping. Foxy kissed her cheek and stood up, blushing as red as his hair. Meanwhile, Chica looked at Freddy with jealousy in her eyes. "Why haven't you asked me yet?" She kissed his nose. "Just waiting for a special moment, sweetie." Freddy replied, secretly embarrassed that he hadn't thought about it yet.