
Chica POV
2 years later, in 2015, Bonnie's students were now calling her Mrs. Tear, instead of Miss Orson, along with Chica's music students calling her Mrs. Mass instead of Miss Delaine. But there was a problem brewing up. 2 years of marriage seemed about the time to have kids right? Well 3 people out of 4 understood that, which explains why Bonnie is 2 months pregnant! But here, Chica wants to have kids, while Freddy is rejecting extremely. "Kids are too much work! We're already gonna have Bonnie's baby to take care of when she has it, and you want to add one more?" Freddy had broken out when Chica first asked. Chica cowered down and ran to her old room in tears. Freddy and Foxy had given up their room for another master bedroom. As Chics crashed into her old bed, it erupted into a cloud of dust. Soon after that, Bonnie raced in. "Chica, what's wrong?" She asked, sitting on the edge of Chica's bed. "It's stupid. Doesn't matter. You can go back to doing whatever." Chica muttered through her yellow pillow. Bonnie stroked her blonde hair down her back. "Chica, talk to me. Whoever made the mad, I'll personally beat them up." Chica shook her head. "No, because it was Freddy. But just go." Bonnie's eyebrows furrowed. "What did he do?!" She stood up and opened the door a bit to look at Freddy, who was scowling. But just as Chica's mouth opened to say something, the doorbell rang through the house and Foxy ran from his and Bonnie's room to answer the door, with a script in his hand. It was a shock to all 4 of them of who was there. Freddy's twin brother, Gold.
"Ayo!!" Gold shouted. Freddy ran from his spot on a stool in the breakfast bar and hugged him. "What are you doing here?" Freddy asked, and then leaned in and whispered something else to Gold. "I wanted to say hi, make sure Bon's doin' okay, and yeah, this is my girlfriend, Angelina." Angelina stepped in and waved at everyone. She had curly dirty blonde hair that went down to her- bigs. She had the bluest blue eyes and a shining smile. Angelina was wearing a blue crop-top and ripped jean shorts, along with purple ankle booties. She reached up and pushed her hair behind her ear. Bonnie soon walked out and said hello to Gold and Angelina, and then went to the fridge to get one of her leftover avocado and tuna sandwich. Don't blame her, she's pregnant and has weird eating habits. Meanwhile, Gold was wondering where Chica was. "Last time I saw her she was running into her old room." Freddy said while arching his eyebrows and crossing his arms. "Why?" Gold asked him. "I dunno." Freddy replied. Bonnie glared at him when he turned around and then continued to eat her sandwich. "I'll go check it out." Angelina said smiling. She walked to the girls' old room and Gold wiggled his eyebrows.
Chica looked up, with her eyes red and saw a person she didn't recognize. But the girl was downright perfect right down to her perfect tan. Chica sniffles before asking her, "Who are you?" "I'm Angelina Jen, Fredrick's girlfriend." She smiled, almost looking evil. "Oh, Gold is here?" Chica asked, sitting up and looking out the crack in the door. "Yes, Fredrick is here." "Well that's nice." Chica smiled. "Sure is." Angelina said before shutting the door. Then, without one blink, she pounced at Chica and pinned her to the bed, her elbow pushing on Chica's throat. "Why are you sad?" Angelina asked, with fake sympathy. "Get away from me you crazy-!" Angelina cut Chica off by throwing her against the wall and stepping on her nose, breaking it in the process. Then, with surprising strength, Angelina picked Chica up by the shirt collar and threw her in Chica's bathroom, then put one of Bonnie's heavy dumbbells to block it. "Have fun, Chick." Angelina said, as she walked away and laughed. Angelina walked out and put on her gleaming smile again. "She says she didn't want to talk about it since it's a family issue." "Is her brother going to war again?" Gold asked. "I'm not sure. Maybe."
_______________________________
So far I'm kind of basing Angelina off of Jenny from @Strahberri but not with the same story or whatevs.