
Freddy POV
Kids were not number 1 on Freddy's Christmas list. In fact, they didn't appear at all, in the list. And no matter what, Freddy was keeping him hurting Chica off of everyone else's mind, because even he felt bad about it. He snapped at his sensitive, innocent wife about something he believed in. That doesn't sound bad, right? "Well, who needs her now?" Freddy thought. "I have my brother to do stuff with, and Angelina took care of her, so I'm fine now. Even if I do feel a bit bad, I also know that Chica isn't mad, because she told a lie about what happened."
So now Freddy didn't feel as bad about being so mean to Chica. He told Gold that if he wanted to stay overnight, their couch was a pull out, and he and Angelina could sleep there.
[Bonnie POV]
Meanwhile Bonnie sat in her and Foxy's room, sitting on her bed with her purple headphones, listening to the That Thing You Do! soundtrack from 1996. Foxy sat at his desk, reading over a script, and he could hear Bonnie muttering a couple words. "Come on, baby, baby. There's a party goin' on." Foxy smiled and looked at her. "What?" She asked picking up a speaker from her ear. "Yer a dork." He smiled at her. "Why thank you." Bonnie put her speaker back on, and then closed her eyes. "And you. Don't mean to be cruel, you never even knew about the heartache, I've been going through.."
[Gold POV]
That night, Gold and Angelina slept over on the pull out couch. Freddy got his whole bed to himself, since he was told Chica was in her old bed (thanks, Angelina.), and he was actually happy about that. Bonnie listened to the That Thing You Do! soundtrack in her sleep, and Foxy wore earmuffs. Gold was happy he decided to come, since Angelina was able to work out everything with Chica so well.
[Chica POV]
Being locked in a bathroom wasn't fun. (FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDYS [Fanfiction] reference!) Chica lied on her back and cried in pain, emotionally and physically. Her nose felt like it was shattered, and she could barely breath. She stood up and tried to opened the door, but she was too weak from the fight that had taken place earlier. Chica fell back down and her breath fell in short heaps. She stared at the ceiling with tears quietly rolling down her cheeks, and she muttered the words to her favorite song weakly. "Baby I got love for thee, but deep inside of me I don't know how to start." She closed her eyes and soon fell asleep in more pain she's ever been in.
When Chica woke up it was already noon, according to her yellow wrist watch. She decided to try her luck on the door, because arms might have regained strength in the night. Standing up, Chica grunted in pain as she moved her back, which now hurt due to when Angelina threw her against the wall. Chica pushed with all of her might, but the door barely budged.
[Freddy POV]
Meanwhile, Freddy started to feel a little bad. He had yelled at Chica just because of an idea she had had, and he just wanted to apologize. So after he woke up, he made a breakfast and planned on serving Chica breakfast in bed. He knocked the her old bedroom door and then let himself in. Chica wasn't there. "Caitlin?" Freddy shouted, using her real name. There was no answer. But what there was, was a tiny speck of dry blood dripping down the wall. "Hmm," Freddy thought. "Must be from when Bonnie cut her arm on the picture frame a couple years ago." And he left, to look for Chica somewhere else.
[Chica POV]
Chica sat almost motionless on the gold bathroom floor for 3 hours before she was awaken from a blank canvas by a voice calling her name. "Someone's coming to rescue me!" Chica thought. She stood up quietly and waited for her name to be called again. "Caitlin!" "I'm here!" Was on the tip of her tongue when she recognized the voice. It was Freddy. "Why would I be rescued by the person who caused all of this? No, Angelina caused this. But, Freddy made me come in here. Uh, I don't know." So Chica decided to stay quiet. She slid down the wall next to the toilet and once she was sure Freddy had left, she slammed her head on the porcelain lid.