
A bit emotional but not much.
Freddy POV
A month exactly after Bonnie's birthday and when Foxy had proposed, Freddy decided to take Chica out to a fancy dinner. Everyone knew his plan except for Chica. "Go get dressed in something fancier." Bonnie warned Chica once she looked at Chica's sweatpants and baggy tanktop. "Why?" She asked. "Just do it. You'll thank me later." So Chica left to her and Bonnie's room and went into her private bathroom. She changed into a sleeveless, knee length yellow dress and 2 inch heels the same color. She applied makeup and jewelry before walking out to see Freddy right in front of her. "You're already ready? I haven't even asked you to go out yet." He said, confused. "Bonnie told me to get dressed in something fancier. Are you taking me out to dinner or something?" Freddy's cheeks blushed red as he looked at his exercise pants and old raggedy t-shirt. "Yeah, but you'll have to wait for me to change." He laughed. "Of course I will." Chica smiled at him. She went over to the couch and sat down gently. 5 minutes passed and her back slouched. 5 more minutes and Chica's chin was now supported by her palm, where her elbow was being supported by the stained wood coffee table. Finally, Freddy came out in khaki pants and a suit top. "Ready, my lady?" He asked in his best British accent. "Of course, sir." Chica replied, mimicking him. As they were driving in Freddy's car, Chica started to get a bit nervous. "Where are we going?" She asked. "I was thinking that new fancy restaurant like fransy swon." Freddy replied, stuttering a bit. "You mean François?" Chica asked, chuckling. "Of course i do." They pulled up in the glimmering parking lot of François and got out. At the reservation desk, Freddy simply said, "Mass, party of 2." The person behind the desk nodded and pointed to a closed off area in the backyard with a fish pond and crickets playing sweet songs. "Freddy, y-you did this for me?" Chica asked, hugging his arm. "Of course I did, Chica. I love you." He kissed the top of her head as they walked over to the table. They sat down, ordered their meal, ate their meal, and everything was normal. Until, after Freddy payed the bill, he took Chica over to the even more secluded area by the brush of trees. He took Chica's hands and looked deep into her eyes. "Caitlin Delaine, you are one of the most important people in my life. I love you so much and I always will, no matter how far you are from me, how much you hate me, or how much anyone else hates either of us. I will love you, forever and always, and I never want that to change. So will you, Caitlin Delaine, give me the honor of being your husband?" Freddy kneeled down on one knee in front of Chica, who was getting teary, and opened a black velvet box to reveal a silver ring with a whiteish-yellowish pearl in the middle of it, along with a notecard that said, "WE'RE MOVING ONWARD" , which was one of the choir songs they sang a solo together in. "Yes... Yes." Chica said through tears, grabbing Freddy's cheeks and pulling him up. She kissed him and Freddy multi-tasked by sliding the ring onto her finger while they were deep in the kiss. "I love you." Chica muttered through the kiss. Freddy said the same.