
Bonnie POV
After getting a gymnastics and writing scholarship to UNL, Bonnie headed out to Lincoln all the way from Louisiana, where the group lived. Her and Foxy now had a steady relationship, and Chica and Freddy as well. They all chatted every day, from Nebraska, California, Louisiana, and Washington. Bonnie's roommate, Emily, was also on the gymnastics team. They were the best of the best on the team, both being all-Americans and getting many 1st place all around titles.
For one of Bonnie's meets, after the awards ceremony, when she went to sign autographs with the rest of the team, she was surprised by Foxy, Chica, and Freddy in the autograph line. "Oh my gosh!!! I can't believe it!" She stood up and and hugged them all individually, along with kissing Foxy on the cheek. "Why did you come?! I've never come to one your plays, or one of your concerts, or yours! So why did you come to one of my meets?" Foxy grabbed Bonnie's hand. "Because we love ye. Also, would ye sign the poster so we can get moving?" Bonnie laughed and put her signature next to her picture on the poster her friends were displaying in front of her. They scooted down the line and Bonnie looked at her next fan, a little girl wearing a gymnastics team warm up jacket. "Hi!" Bonnie said to her. "Hi." The girl smiled. "Did you have fun tonight?" Bonnie asked while looking down to sign her name. "Yeah." The girl shyly said. "What was your favorite event?" Bonnie asked, looking about once again, and passing the poster to Emily, who was seated next to her. "I love bars." She said. "Me too!" Bonnie exclaimed.
Foxy POV
Seeing Bonnie in person again was so exciting. Foxy got in line right after the awards ended, but still had to wait a long time. When he finally saw Bonnie, his excitement was overwhelming. But it only felt like a second before they left. They went to the gymnast seated next to Bonnie, who they knew was her roommate, Emily. Emily knew them too and smiled. They chatted for a second before the poster was then passed onto the next girl and the next girl, who all asked about Foxy being Bonnie's boyfriend. When they got through the line, Foxy looked at the poster. He noticed that next to Bonnie's signature, she had drawn a heart and written, "I love you guys!".
That made them all extremely happy. Especially Foxy.