
Chica POV
It wasn't long after school that Chica decided to be friends with the people who had bumped into her. She knew Bonnie Orson had a pretty sick guitar talent, and she thought that might be great for her band she wants to form. So, she looked Bonnie up in the school directory and called her house. It was Bonnie's sister who answered when Chica called.
"Hi, is this the Orson family?" Chica asked once the phone was connected.
"I'm Luna Orson. Who do you want? Are you Corey's friend? Or Jack's friend?" Luna said.
"No, I'm looking for Bonnie. Is she here?" Chica looked for patience to use to deal with the little kid.
"Yeah, she's playing on the wii. Do you want me to get her for you?" Luna said, looking over at Bonnie who was being beat by made up characters on wii party.
Chica tapped her foot impatiently. "Yes, please give the phone to her and tell her it's someone from school."
Luna nodded and held the phone out to Bonnie. "It's someone from school." Bonnie looked confused but took the phone and started a conversation.
"Hello?" She asked.
"Hi! This is Chica Delaine, the girl who ran into you in the hallway?" Chica explained.
Bonnie's expression softened. "Let me guess, you want to be friends with me?"
"Of course! You seem like a cool girl, and I'd like to add that guitar into my band that I'm making. So, could I maybe come over today?" Chica said, while taking a big huff at the end since she had said it all in one breath.
"Well, sure!" Bonnie said in an enthusiastic voice.
So later that day, Chica appeared at the door with her hair as bouncy as usual.
They began playing wii party after making Chica's mii, and after that, Chica came over 3 times every week all summer. Once, in about the middle of summer, Chica noticed a mii that wasn't there before. "Is that, Foxy Tear?" She asked, confused. Bonnie put on her famous crooked smile. "Yeah." "Why did you make him?" "We've been texting and stuff, and I kind of like him." Chica laughed. "Well, then can I make someone?" "Sure..." She waited as Chica silently made a mii and then typed in the name. 'Freddy M'.
"Freddy Mass? You like him?" Bonnie asked.
"Yeah, remember we both had the solo or duet whatever, last choir concert? We started talking after that." She smiled and then unlocked her phone to show Bonnie some crazy selfies her and Freddy had taken. "Wow," Bonnie said. "I didn't know that."
"Well I didn't know about you and Foxy."
There was a long silence as Bonnie put in the wii party disc. Then, Chica broke the silence.
"What college do you want to go to?" She asked, curiosity in her voice.
"Why would you ask that?" Bonnie replied.
"I don't know. I don't want to be far from you, or Freddy, or even Foxy." Her eyelids drooped.
"Well, I'm planning on going to UNL. Getting a gymnastics scholarship." Bonnie explained.
"UNL? What's that?"
"University of Nebraska Lincoln. Duh."
Chica's face was confused as she said, "Oh." "Well, I want to go to Ledderant College for music in California." (I completely made that up on the spot)
"Well, that's makes sense." Bonnie shrugged.
"Now, let's play."