
What's Left To Say » Chapter 1
~~~~~
"Please tell me why exactly she's with us."
I had arrived at the guys house with them exactly two days and already Jerome was complaining on why I was here.
I was currently drinking some tea I had made and sitting with Mitch and Adam on the couch watching some old cartoon show about a boy who was like this super genius with a big head.
Adam let out a sigh of air, "Jerome, she has a name, it's Ella-Mae. And she's our friend and we wanted her here. We've been telling you this for forever." he said to Jerome, still watching the cartoon.
"She's not our friend, she's your friend. And it's not been forever, it's been two days." he huffed and went to the coffee machine and started brewing some for himself while Adam just rolled his eyes and continued to watch the show.
The guys house wasn't even really a house at all, it was more of a smaller mansion I'd say. It had this big space when you walked in with the living room on the right and a medium sized gaming area with a Wii U and a XBox with a tiny flat screen tv on the left.
If you'd walk straight was the kitchen with a very big fridge with a bunch of food, and their was peanut butter in their which made no sense at all. Don't ask, I was hungry and found it in their.
Their were two grand staircases on the sides by the walls that led up to the second floor with a whole lot of bedrooms and one big recording room.
Within the two days I've been here, I've learned just a bit about the guys. They were all YouTubers who played a game called 'Minecraft' and they sometimes did other things like vlogs and other games.
They were pretty famous in the YouTube world which was awesome for them because they got to do what they loved.
Adam was engaged to a girl named Alesa who I met briefly already and he said she was seriously the best and he really loved her which I could tell by the way he talked about her.
Mitch and Marina were both together as boyfriend and girlfriend and I could see that they really were alike and different but that was good for them, they had their differences but I think that helped their relationship.
I had also learned that Marina was also 'famous' in her own way in the Vine world from what I think was what she said.
"So, what do you guys wanna do. We have the rest of the day to do anything and we can't just sit and watch cartoons." Mitch said as he sat up from the couch and started to stretch from sitting down for so long.
"Hey! You will not take me away from Jimmy Neutron, their having a special on!" Adam yells defensively and Mitch just rolled his eyes at the curly haired dude.
"Come on Adam, it's nice outside and as much as I can tell you love Jimmy Neutron, why don't we head out?" I suggest to him and with a long sarcastic sigh, he gets up from the couch and stood up and looked at me expectantly.
I raise my hands in defense as I stand up and started to type.
"Well what do you suggest, I'm the newbie here." I tell Mitch and Adam.
"We could go to Nite Court's?" Mitch suggests and Adam and I both agree. "Cool, let me go and see if anyone else wants to go." Mitch says as he went up the staircase to ask anyone else.
I go up the stairs just a few seconds after him and get my hoodie since all I had on was an old t-shirt. I grab my wallet and put my blond hair up in a pony tail and head back down the stairs a minute or two later.