
"Everyone ready to go?" Mitch asks us since it was only Adam, Mitch, and Jason and I. Both Ian and Ty were recording something for their channels, Jerome was nowhere to be seen and Jason was the only one who said yes to come.
With a quick nod of our heads we all left the house and headed our way to Nite Court's which was only a three block walk away which wasn't so bad.
As I stick my hands in my hoodie's front pocket, I feel something inside and pull it out to see it's a pack of cigarettes with a lighter. I quickly put them away so the guys wouldn't see and made a mental note to remind myself I have some source of sanity with me as we continued to walk to the restaurant
-=-=-
I end up actually having a pretty good time at Nite Court's with Adam, Mitch and Jason for the most part. The food was amazing, mainly because I got this big burger with fries and a pepsi which must I say was heaven on earth.
We talked and had a few jokes -they mainly said them- and I felt a bit happier coming here with everyone.
When all of us came back it is around 4 so we had been there for about an hour which seemed to pass by so quickly. Adam and Jason said they had to record a video so they left, and only Marina and December came down to see us so Mitch suggested that we should do a stream.
"What the hell is a stream?" I ask him.
"It's basically where you play a game live so people can watch you and interact with you through chat." December explains and I nod my head and we go off to the big recording room.
Mitch starts up one of the computers and sets up everything to start a stream. While he was doing that he told me to tell his fans that a stream would be up soon, I quickly took his phone off one of the tables and turned it on since he didn't have a lock on it.
I went to his Instagram first and took a picture of myself and the girls sticking our tongues out with Mitch by the computer in the background and said 'Hi I'm Mitch and I'm doing a stream soon'.
I did the same for Twitter only sending out a tweet without a picture.
"Okay I'm set up, you guys ready?" Mitch asks and we all nod our heads to say yes.
He opens Minecraft on one of the monitor screens and had the site where he was streaming called 'Twitch' on the other one showing the chat.
"Hey what's going on doods! It's Mitch or BajanCanadian here doing a stream with some very awesome people behind me." He says and immediately the chat on the other monitor was going crazy.
Some saying hello, others saying have my child which I though was absurd since most of them are like thirteen year olds, and a lot of them saying who was the girl with the hoodie on, meaning me since I'm guessing they know December and Marina.
"First we have my very lovely girlfriend Marina here with us." Mitch says showing Marina to the camera. "Hey guys! How are y'all doing." She says smiling at the camera.
"Next we have an awesome friend of ours December here with us." and December waved and said, "I'm being forced here against my will, send help!" she yells and we all start laughing.
"And lastly, we have a new person here with us that most of you are asking who she is, and this is our new friend Ella-Mae!" Mitch says and I wave shyly and I take my phone out and type, "Uh hey, you can just call me Ella."
"Ella doesn't talk or doesn't like to talk so when she does its through her phone." Marina adds and I send a thankful smile at her.