
I hate myself. Why am I so ugly? So hated? What did I do to deserve all this? I want to die. Please, someone notice me suffering. Oh ya that's right. No one even sees I'm here.
These are all the things I say to myself as I sit on my bed with a knife, cutting my wrist. I watch as the blood falls down to the floor in a big puddle. My vision starts to fade. All I hear as I fall to my altimet death the door to my room opening and as I die, I hear, a scream.
So this is death? Cold, sad, and white.
"Daniella, you aren't ready to be with me yet. You need to find happiness and love. Your 15. Your life has barely begun. I'm not taking you yet. I'm sending you back." I hear a female voice tell me.
"What is there in life for me? I hate everything!" I scream. Just then the whiteness turns black and its as in I'm being sucked into a time fortex.Fast. Faster. Faster! FASTER!
My eyes, they snap open. It takes me a moment to get my libs to work again. As I do, I look around the room I'm in. Looks like a hospital. Smells like a hospital. Sounds like a hospital. The beep of the heart monitor, the sobs of the mothers that have lost there children,the wet, dry air. Just then, the door opens, my mother walks in. My mother. I may not say this enough, but I do love her. She's probley the most important thing in my life. Her eyes go on me. She rushes to my side, grabs my hand, puts it to her mouth and kisses it.
"My little angel. I love you. I am so happy. If I lost you, I don't know what I would do." She says. I smile. My little angel. Her and my father gave me that nickname when I went into a coma after I jumped from our roof, 6 years ago.
"Momma,What happened? Why am I here?"I asked.
"Angel, you almost died of blood loss.I walked in your room screamed and rushed to your side. I falled 911 and I thought I was gonna loss you!"She told me as a stray tear rolled down her cheek and fell onto my hand. I looked and i seen stiches on my wrists. "I'm gonna go get the doctor Angel. Okay?"
"Okay." I said. She kissed my hand put it down gently. Smiled and walked to the door. She opened it and fled the room. I hate hospitals, ever sense I lost. Just then the door burst open and two men in white clothes ran in, they grabbe me, put me on another bed. Just then my mother and another woman walked in. The men straped my arms to the bed. My eyes went wide.
"Mother, what is happening?" I asked.
"I am so sorry my little angel." She said as another tear rolled down her face.
"Hello, I'm doctor Jane.I will taking you to your hospital." The woman said.
"What hospital?" I said. One of the men put a needle in my arm as I screamed and tried to get to my mother. My eyes started to close again. But before they did, the woman said.
" A pshychiatric hospital."