
"I-I'm so sorry Harry, but I was afraid she might hurt me I'm sorry." I didn't let my tears fall; I kept them as much as I could, but they fell .
"Jadey, I'm so sorry I didn't mean to shout at you like that, it's just I'm so angry that you didn't tell me, what did she tell you if you told me what she did?" He said calmly or at least trying to be calm.
"She said if I told you about what I saw she won't leave me alone and you know she can do anything to me maybe she can hit me, take me somewhere where nobody is going to find me and treat me bad she can do anything." I wiped me eyes.
"She won't dare to touch you! she's afraid of you Jade she knows that you can tell me and I will believe you, she will act so innocent to make me believe her but I'm not an idiot." Maybe Harry is right that's why she warned me.
"Sorry because I didn't tell you I was so afraid." I said putting my hands behind my back looking at the ground like a child who made a mistake .
"Oh Jadey it's okay, you look so adorable." I smiled looking up again, Harry suggested cleaning the room; I helped him we removed all the broken glass, I hurted my finger but it wasn't a very big deal. We finished cleaning we decided to go shopping to buy the things he broke.
"Thanks alot Jadey I was going to take alot of time cleaning alone." Harry left me to dress up when he came back, he drove his car to the mall. We bought the things he needed and I tweeted ' Shopping with @Harry_Styles ' The notifications blew up alot of questions and replies such as 'Are you and Harry together?', 'Is Jarry  real?' and 'I totally love Jarry together' and alot of replies.
"Oh my god!  Harry can we take a picture with you and Jade?" A group of fans came, they hugged the both of us then we took a picture with them. Before leaving they said that we're cute together, but we told them that we're just close firends nothing more.
While walking I galnced Sam I didn't want to see him again.
"Hey Harry, Sam is here look there can we leave please?" I whispered to Harry , I don't want him to see me because if he came to me I will shout at his damn face .
" Okay let's leave . " Harry put his arm around my shoulder . He held all the bags in his hand so I helped him by holding some bags in my hand .
" I'm hungry let's go to eat . " Harry suggested and I agreed we went to his house and ordered pizza ; we ate and watched the tv ; Harry bought a new tv instead of the one he broke .
" I had so much fun with you Jadey . " He smiled looking at me .
" Me too , I want to take a nap I will go home . " I said putting my phone in my bag but Harry held my wrist .
" You can sleep here if you want because I'm so tired and I can't drive . " He offered .
" No  it's okay I can walk home , I will go now see you later . " He stood up and hugged me then I left his flat heading to my house .
I went back to my house , I decided to call Perrie but she said she was busy getting ready to go out with Zayn so I called Jesy and she was sleeping . Leigh-anne told me that she's going to visit her family . I was so bored so I called Niall .
" Hello Niall it's Jade . " I love this Irish lad alot he's so cute and adorable .
" Hi Jadey , what's up ? "
" Uhm..I was thinking if you can come and watch a movie with me . " I wish he can come , I'm really bored and lazy and that only one who can share this moment with me is Niall .
" Well I don't know if I can come . "