
I can't forget the last night, the night that made me feel happy again. I don't feel broken anymore Harry is here for me and that's all I need a friend who is here to listen to me when I need to talk. I don't tell the girls things as much as I tell Harry, there's something special about him. I took a quick shower and went downstairs.
There was a note on the counter says: Jade I left early for work we're going to have a fashion week so we're preparing for it take care of yourself sweetie I love you.
- your mum
I made a cup of coffee and turned the tv on, there was a show about celebrity news I love watching it, one of the news was about Harry caught his girlfriend with another guy. Harry has a girlfriend and this girl is Ashley Benson. I wasn't surprised, I already knew it , I saw her once but she told me if I said one word about what I saw, she wouldn't leave me alone.
Harry's eyes were bloodshot, he shouldn't cry too much because of this bitch, his hair was a mess. It's hard to see your best friend like this so I decided to call him.
"Hello Harry, I saw the news and I don't want you to be mad." I thought she won't cheat on him again she said she was drunk and she won't do that again, I didn't believe her but I should have told Harry.
"Jade I need you, can you please come to my house? I can't believe she did this to me." He was crying, hearing Harry sobbing breaks my heart.
"Okay I'm coming 15 minutes and I will be there."
"I'm waiting." I got up and went to my room, I wore a cute outfit next I went to Harry's house; when I was walking I met some fans they took pictures with me,one of them asked me a question.
"Are you and Harry Styles dating? I saw a picture of you and him yesterday in the park he was hugging you and you kissed his cheek. You're so cute together" Why everyone think that we're dating not every girl he goes out with means that he is dating her!
"No we're not dating besides it was a friendly hug because I was in a bad mood." I said smiling to the girl .
"I have to go now girls nice to meet you." I left those fans, not every time I go out with Harry it means that we're together. I arrived at Harry's house when he opened he didn't look at me he was looking at the floor.
"Harry are you okay?" I lifted his chin up to make him look at me. When I entered the house, there was a big mess there was a broken glass on the ground and the TV was broken and blood on Harry's hand.
" No I'm not Jade, I need you I really do." He hugged me tight, he was sobbing. It's hard to see him like this .
"Just don't cry I'm here and I'll always be for you." I rubbed his back to comfort him. When we pulled away from the hug; I wiped his tears.
"I don't like to see those wonderful eyes cry again for unworthy woman. " I decided to tell him about what Ashley told me before, I don't care what she is going to do with me all I care about is Harry.
"Thank you very much Jade, sorry there's a big mess but I will clean it." He looked around the room checking the mess he did.
"The mess doesn't matter right now, I need to tell you something." Maybe he will mad at me because I didn't tell him but there's nothing I can do.
"I-I knew that Ashley cheated on you before and s-she warned me not to tell you anything or she will do something to me." I shuttered but I was afraid of Harry's reaction.
"What!! You knew and didn't tell me, what the fuck did she told you." He shouted loudly, he looked very angry. My eyes were filled with tears, he never shouted at me like this.