
"Hey Harry." I said putting my hand on Harry's arm.
"Hey Jadey, I'm glad you came." Harry quickly turned around then he hugged me tight , I've always loved his hug. It makes me feel safe and protected.
"How are you cupcake?" I asked kissing his cheek, he smiled and his dimple appeared. He looks so beautiful when he smiles he's gorgeous as always.
"I'm great because I saw you, what about you?" I was staring at his magical green eyes.
"I'm good. What are we going to do?" I asked wondering if he noticed my new dress maybe I don't look good that's why he didn't mention anything about the dress.
"We can do anything you want and you look so pretty Jadey." He mentioned that I look pretty!! Like he reads my mind.
"Really Hazz , thanks alot." I blushed smiling at the ground.
"But when you smile at the ground it ain't hard to tell you don't know , oh oh , you don't know you're beautiful." Harry sang to me, I couldn't help, but smile at his words he's always nice to me.
"You're so cute when you get shy." He smiled making his dimples appear lifting my chin up to look at him. I couldn't stop blushing. I don't know how people don't see this side of him, they always see him as a bad person, but he's not like what they think he's the cutest person you can ever meet.
"You're the cute one here cupcake." He pulled me into another hug. His phone was ringing making this perfect moment end.
"Hello Simon, I'm outside with Jade what do you need?" Harry answered snd it was Simon his manager.
"Alright, I'll will be there uhm can you tell the boys because I can't now." I was wondering what they are talking about. Maybe they're going to do a new music video or there's a new song.
"What's wrong Hazza is it something important?" I asked.
"Nothing wrong, Simon wants us now but I told him that I'm with you so he will see us tomorrow." He replied.
"You can go now, we can meet later." I was a little bit disappointed I want to stay with him. What if he is going to leave? What do Simon wants from him? Too many questions in my head I don't why I even care maybe because we're close friends and I want to talk to him.
"No !! I won't leave you, I'm tired and I want to have a little break. " Now I feel comfortable, he won't leave.
"Okay Hazza." I smiled. We started to walk together the weather is really good.
"So how is Sam?" Harry asked. I remembered Sam, we broke up the last 2 weeks. We had a big fight. Sam told me he can't continue with me I felt broken, I loved him really loved him I never thought that we'd end like that. I felt tears streaming down my face. I didn't even realise that I was crying. I still care about him, but the only thing I should do is to forget him.
"Jade are you okay? Why are you crying?" Harry asked in worry.
"Yeah I'm fine it's just me and Sam broke up last week." I cried even harder Harry hugged me so tight and start rubbing my back to comfort m .
"I don't know what happened Harry, we had a fight he wanted to break up with me. I told him that I still love him but he said you know what Jade I've been cheating on you with another girl prettier than you. I couldn't believe what he said I cried so hard Harry how could he do that to me I loved him. Then he said Jade I didn't mean that I'm sorry I-I didn't cheat on you. I slapped him then I left crying." I sobbed in Harry's arms everytime I remember my heart breaks.
"Shhh Jade it's okay he doesn't deserve you don't cry sweetie I'm here." He hugged me tighter. I feel so broken, but Harry's word comfort me. He's always here for me when I need him. That's why I'd never let him go.