
" Hey Hazza , I'm not busy and how about coming over to my house ? " She can read my mind . I want to make her happy I know she loves flowers , chocolate and probably biscuits so I'm going to bring them to her .
" I'm was going to ask you if I can come or not and since you asked me , I will come bye Jadey ." I hanged up with her . I put on a white shirt and my tight black jeans then I left the house . I bought flowers , chocolate and biscuits for my sweet little angel I arrived at her house and knocked on the door .
" Hello beautiful . " I was putting the bouquet of flowers in front of my face when she opened I removed it from my face smiling at her .
" Hey Hazza . " She smiled at me opening the door more . I handed her the bouquet , chocolate and biscuits .
" Awww thank you alot cupcake . " She hugged me , wrapping her arms around my neck . I lifted her up bridal style .
" I can walk . " She laughed lightly . When I see her I feel so happy . I wish I could tell her .
" But I love to lift you , you're a princess Jadey and a princess should be treated good . " I looked in her beautiful eyes . I wanted to press my lips to her , but I can't .
" Hey Harry ! " Her mum said . I freaked out , I let go of Jade as she fell .
" Hello Mrs Thirlwall and sorry about Jade . " I helped Jade to get up and apologised to her .
Jade thanked me about the flowers and stuff . Her mum sat with us for a while then she excused to leave because she has some work to do . Now we're alone . I'm thinking about telling her how I feel towards her , but I'm afraid .
" So what are we going to do now ? " Jade asked putting her head on my shoulder .
" Anything you want Jadey . " I placed a kiss to her forehead . She giggled .
" We can go outside to a night club . "
" Okay , go and dress up . " I said . She went upstairs and when she was done we left . We went to a night club I met an old friend there .
" Hey Sam , it's been a while since we met . " I smiled .
" Hey Harry , I missed you man . " Jade was sitting staring at me .
" Look at that hottie who's checking you . " I felt anger when he said hotte.
" Back off this hottie is mine , she's my girlfriend . " I had no idea what I was saying . I hope he doesn't go and talk with her .
" I wanna talk to her . " He started to walk towards her , but I stopped him.
" No ! She's so shy . " I don't want to make things worse .
" Oh , okay . I should go now see you later . " He left . I took a deep breath and went to Jade .
" Sorry for late . " I sat next to her .
" It's okay . " She had a cup in her hand . I ordered vodka sour mix to drink .
" Want to dance ? " I asked taking a sip from my drink .
" Yes , sure . " We put our cups on the table in front of us . We danced and talked . We sat after a while . We kept drinking alot until we got drunk. A girl came to stay with me , but Jade gone wild she told her to leave . I took her to the V.I.P area .
" Don't let any girl stay with you only me Harry . " We were so drunk and I bet that I was going to kiss her soon .