
"Okay girls that's enough for today you did very well." Our songwriter said.
"Girls let's go shopping I want some bows and some clothes." I stood in front of the three girls telling them to go with me.
"I will go of course." Leigh-anne replied quickly, she loves shopping a lot. She doesn't get bored of it. Perrie said she won't come because she's going to get ready for her date with Zayn. Me, Jesy and Leigh-anne went to the mall we entered Vintage shop Perrie's favourite shop. I bought a white dress and a black hat then we went to Zara I bought pair of brown boots, Leigh boughg a beautiful long black dress and Jesy bought a white batman short dress, she looked so stunning in it. Finally I bought two bows.
"Girls let's have a drink, I will go to buy some biscuits get me a strawberry milkshake and wait for me here." I told the girls, I'm so tired it's 5 o'clock. I bought some chocolate biscuits and went back to the girls.
"Take your strawberry milkshake bow girl." Jesy said giving me my drink.
"Thank alot Jesy the pie." I giggled at the name.
"Jesy the pie?!" Both Jesy and Leigh said at the same time.
"Yeah that's her new name, hope you like it pie." Both of them smiled.
"You're so cute Jadey." Jesy said hugging me I didn't want Leigh to feel alone so I pulled her into a hug.
"I will leave now I'm so tired see you later girls." I took my bags and gave a quick kiss to every girl on the cheek. I checked my phone I found a message from Harry.
Harry : Are you busy tonight Jade ?
Me : No I don't have any plans.
Harry : Okay would you like to go out tonight ?
Me : Yeah sure .
Harry : Great ! Meet you at 7 in the park .
Me : Okay .
~End of texts ~
I arrived home and I was really hungry, I ordered pizza. I changed my clothes into a comfortable pyjama, I opened twitter to tweet. I tweeted ' Going to meet Harry tonight @Harry_Styles ' then I pressed tweet butto . Harry replied immediately saying ' I will get some biscuits with me for you @JadeThirlwall ' I smiled at his tweet.
' Aww that's nice of you cupcake @Harry_Styles ' He retweeted and favourite it. I closed my twitter when the door bell rang. I paid for the pizza boy and ate my mum came after 2 hours.
"Welcome home mum." I hugged my mum tight, we're very close to each other.
"Thanks Jadey, are you going anywhere tonight?" She asked taking off her Jacket.
"Yes I'm going out with Harry, why?"
"Oh okay, because I was going to celebrate with the manger of the company and my friends in work we did a really good work in the magazine so I thought about taking you with me."
"Congratulations mum, but I'm sorry Hazza is going to get me biscuits and you know I love biscuits alot I'm so weak." I gave mum a bright smile, she laughed at me.
"Okay Jadey go and have fun."
"Thanks mum I will now I have to get ready." I took my phone and went to my room. I chose to wear the new dress. I finished wearing my clothes; I put a simple make up not too much I don't wanna look like a clown. I looked at the clock and it was half past seven I'm going to be late. I took my bag and went downstairs.