
"Don't be nervous around mum and Gemma. They like you so you don't have to worry." I placed my hand over hers. She nodded, mum and Gemma came back with hot chocolate for all of us and some biscuits. I told mum that Jade loves biscuits so she baked some for her.
"Harry can't stop talking about you Jade." Gemma said, I felt myself blush. Gemma finally said a word yay! Maybe she's sad or something or maybe she had a fight with Ashton.
"You're so cute when you get shy." Jade laughed lightly and I giggled. We all talked for a while, but it was a long while. We laughed and watched a movie, tonight was perfect. I'm very happy that she's next to me right now. She's not nervous anymore and that's good.
"Excuse me." Jade walked away to answer her phone, after few minutes she came back and she was worried.
"Harry, I have to go now. Thanks for having me today Mrs.Styles, I had a great time with you all." She said goodbye to them then I took Jade to my car.
"What's wrong? You look worried." I said, looking dirctly in her eyes. I'm sure that there's something wrong.
"Nothing, no I'm not." She turned her face, but I cupped her face and forced her to look at me. She didn't talk for a few seconds, then she decided to talk and tell me what's wrong.
"My mother's friend called me and she said that mum is in the hospital and I'm very worried about her." Now she was sobbing. I rubbed small circles on her back to comfort her.
"Don't cry Jadey, hope she gets better. You can sleep in my house tonight, I can't leave you like that." She nodded and we went outside the car. I opened the door to let her in. (They didn't go to Jade's house, they talked in the car.) Mum and Gemma sat up quickly and came towards Jade who was sobbing without stopping.
"What's wrong Jade?" My mum asked.
"Her mum is in the hospital and she's not in London now." I explained, mum and Gemma tried to comfort Jade and she stopped crying. I took her to my room. I made some tea for her then I went back to my room.
"Jade calm down and everything is gonna be alright." I said, handing her the cup of tea.
"I don't know what to do Harry, she's in Italy now and I don't know which city they are working in." She sobbed, I hugged her tight, rubbing her small back.
"Shh, it's okay we will find out tomorrow, now go and get some sleep. I'll be sleeping on the couch." I pulled away, heading to the couch in my room. Jade tried to make me sleep on bed instead of her, but of course I refused. I took a pillow and drifted to sleep.
"Harry, I can't sleep." Jade's soft voice wake me up, she was sitting on the floor in front of me.
"Okay c'mere." I said in a raspy voice, opening my arms for her.
"The couch won't handle the two of us, come to bed." I nodded, getting up and heading to my big, comfy, warm bed. I laid down and opened my arms for Jadey. She laid next to me with her head on my chest, I put my arm around her shoulder and kept playing with her smooth hair. Soon Jade slept, I closed my eyes and drifted to sleep again. Next morning when I woke up, Jade wasn't next to me. I went downsatirs and everyone was having breakfast and they were having a conversation without Jade. She must be left.
I went to the studio, I was the first one to arrive. I never went early. After few minutes, the boys came. We worked on our new album FOUR, this album contains amazing songs and the music is just perfect. I'm sure that the directioners will like it. We worked on a very cool song called 18. It reminds me of me and Jade when I loved her since I was 18, I'd probably sing that song to her to express my feelings for her. It would be easier than saying to her that I love her.