
Harry's P.O.V
This text is just weird, I can't deny that I'm worried now. What if something bad happened to Jade? No that can't happen, no one is going to touch her; not when I'm alive. I want to tell that person who sent me this warning message, that in not going to leave Jade no matter what. Liam was talking to me, but I wasn't paying attention. I even forgot that we were going to an interview.
"Mate, what's wrong?" Liam asked, interpreting my thoughts. Should I tell Liam? I trust him, but I don't know why I don't want to tell anyone, even Jade. I have to keep that secret and the only person who is going to know about it is me.
"Nothing is wrong." I faked a smile. The car stopped and we all entered the studio where we're going to have the interview. We sat down and made sure that everything is good.
"In 3..2..1." We started the interview and I was nervous. This is the first time I get nervous on an interview except when it was the first time we went on an interview.
"Today we're having special guests and they're One Direction." The people yelled as the interviewer said the band's name.
"How are you boys?"
"We're fine." Louis replied, smiling.
"You're working now on your new album so when are you going to release it?"
"Uhm..when we finish all the songs, we recorded four songs and there's still 12 songs left. We're going to release a song called Fireproof after three days." Niall replied.
"That's really good, your fans are going to like it for sure so Harry you have been quite, how is things between you and Jade?" I trembled, I was nervous like the first time I performed on a stage. What if I said that we're fine and something bad happened to one of us? If I lied, Jade would be mad at me. I'm confused, well I shouldn't act like that. I pushed the bad thoughts away and tried to focus on the Interview.
"We're great." I smiled widely which made my dimples appear. Aftera while that seemed like hours for me; we finished the interview and everyone decided to go to the house we shared, but I decided to sleep in my house. Liam asked me countless times if everything is alright and every time I lied to him. The boys wanted me to stay with them so I agreed. I called mum to tell her that I won't be home tonight.
Liam looked worried, he's the only one who noticed that there's something wrong with me. Everyone went to his bedroom to get some sleep, we had a lot of work today and we probably need some rest. I went to my room and laid down on the bed, thinking about every single thing happened today. Liam interpreted my thoughts again when he sat next to me.
"Mate, I know that there's something wrong. You have to trust me, I won't tell anyone I promise." I just stared at him, I trust Liam, but what will happen if that person knew that I involved my friends with me? Maybe he/she will hurt them and I don't want this to happen. I'm giving this situation a size bigger than it usually takes, it's just a damn text. Nothing is going to happen and I'm not going to think about this text again.
"Okay Liam I'll trust you, but don't tell anyone. Only me and you will know about this. There's a threatened message was sent to me by unknown number and the message says that I have to stay away from Jade and I-I can't do it, Liam." I explained.
"Harry, just ignore that annoying text, no one is going to do anything. Remember our fans, they will stand by your side if someone hurt you, and if that person annoyed you, they wouldn't leave him and he would regret because he messed with you." I think Liam is right, I totally forgot about our fans, they'll help me with that blackmailer, but once again they won't understand anything and that won't help at all. I won't get anyone in trouble or make anyone get into my private life...I don't have enough privacy, but I still can have a little bit of it.