
I'm mad at Zayn , I don't want him to do that every single time we have to work , sometimes I feel regret that I told him . I remembered the last night ; I spent my day with my princess Jadey I can't describe how beautiful she is ; isn't she lovely.
" Don't do that again Zayn it drives me crazy , let's work now and hang out after work . " I tried to change the subject . We worked on our new album for about 5 hours , I'm tired as hell , I didn't even hang out with the boys I went home . I wanted to text Jade , but I was so tired after a while I fell asleep .
Jade's P.O.V
My day was so boring , I didn't talk with Harry so I went to the girls and they told me that we're going to perform at Britains got talent tonight . We went there I was so excited to perform the new song salute . When the music started alot of people screamed , we started to dance and sing , we finished performing the new song , I was so glad that people liked our performance.
My mind went staright to Harry wonder what he is doing now , I'm so tired I told the girls that I'm leaving . A car was waiting for me outside , I put the headphones in my ears and turned some quiet music until I arrived home . Home sweet home . I opened the door , my mum was sitting on the sofa .
" Hello mum . " I put my keys on the table below the sofa , my mum looked tired too she works very hard I hope they have a good fashion week .
" Hello Jadey , how was your day ? " She asked turning off the TV.
" It was good , today we performed in Britains got talent and people liked our performance , I'm so tired now , I'll go to sleep nanite mum . " I went upstairs , I changed my clothes into a comfortable pyjamas then I jumped in the bed .
I woke up next morning , my mum already left for work , I took a quick shower then I dressed up in a black shirt and dark blue short skirt with black heels shoes , but not long heels and dark blue jacket . I pulled my hair into a pony tail although my head hurts when I do it , but I like how I look with it . I put a little make up before leaving when I finished ; I took my black bag then left the house.
I went to the studio . The girls arrived before me I'm always the late one , We started to record another song called ' Towers ' It reminded me of Sam I stopped for a moment to prevent myself from crying .
" What's wrong Jade ? Why did you stop ? " Adam asked , Adam is the one who plays with sound , he fixs the sounds when sing .
" Nothing , can we take a break , please ? " I lied , I don't want to remember Sam again I want to get him out of my life , but I can't get him out of my head like he's stuck forever in my mind .
" Take break for 10 minutes . " I went outside the studio ignoring all the voices that calls my name . I went to a near park to stay alone for 10 minutes . After the 10 minutes had finished , I went back to the studio .
" Where have you been Jadey ? " Perrie asked giving me a hug .
" I was walking around , let's continue working . " We recorded 3 songs in the new album . I looked at my hand watch and it was five o'clock I remembered that I didn't eat from the morning so I went back home . For my good luck mum was home , we ate together then I went to the bathroom to take a shower and relax .
Harry's P.O.V
I didn't talk with Jade today I'm worried about her so I decided to go to her house and see if she's okay or not . But first I have to make sure that she's at home . I took my phone and dialed her number .
" Hey Jadey , are you busy now ? " I missed her alot , I didn't meet her yesterday my day was terrible without her I love to talk to her everything , but I really tired . I knew that they preformed at Britain's got talent I watched their performance and I didn't take my eyes off Jade .