
I went home , the house was so quiet I guess my mum is sleeping . I decided to go to bed now , all I'm thinking about is what people say about me and Harry . Why they see us good together ? We're not I don't see this I mean Harry isn't bad but I'm not good enough for him , I don't know why I'm actually thinking about him ; don't even think about it Jade , don't let them control your mind .
I went to my room , I checked my twitter there's a fan sent me a video of her singing DNA I liked it alot her voice sounds good she told me in that video about an application for live karaoke , I retweeted her video and replied to her saying ' Then let's have a live karaoke . ' I decided to do live stream while singing we sang too many songs like DNA , They don't know about us by one direction , wings , who says by Selena Gomez , the way by Ariana Grande and alot of songs .
I didn't get bored I enjoyed singing with that fan , I was her favourite , I followed her and thanked her for singing with me . I decided to make a surprise for her .
I'm going to buy her a ticket for the performance of ' Move ' in the x factor show . I ordered her a ticket then I talked with her in the DM ( Direct message ) on twitter and I told her about the ticket .
She told me she was so happy , she couldn't stop thanking me , I feel happy to help her to see us . It feels good to make someone happy . I went to sleep , I put my headphones and turned the music on.
My mum woke me up , I didn't want to get off the bed . I removed my headphones then I took a shower and got dressed . Mum already left for her job . Harry texted me.
Harry : Jadey are you busy now ?
Me : No , why ?
Harry : Would you like to have breakfast with me ?
Me : I'd love to .
Harry : Great , I'll come to you then will go to any restaurant you want .
I didn't feel like I want to go out so I decided to make the breakfast in home so I made cupcakes because Harry loves it , I made orange juice , bacon and eggs with some cheese and bread . When I finished organising the table , Harry was knocking on the door.
" Hello Hazza . " I smiled opening the door more for him .
" Hello my beautiful Jadey , I missed you ." He hugged me , I love his hugs alot I can hug him all day. I want to spend my day with Harry but I will leave at 3 to know what my manager wants from me .
" I missed you more cupcake , look we're not going outside we will have breakfast here and we will spend all the day together . " I kissed his nose and he smiled . Our phones rang at the same time so I answered and it was my manager .
" Jade don't come today when I need you I will call you and tell you to come . " I wonder what is the thing he wants to do about me .
" What is that thing you want ? " I asked playing with my hair .
" You will know later now I have to go good bye Jade . " We haged up .
" So let's eat now . " I turned smiling at Harry . We had our breakfast and Harry liked the pancakes , the thing I really want to know is what does my manager want from me . I checked my twitter while Harry was choosing us a movie . There's a twee saying ' Why Jarry aren't real ? They look so cute together . ' I replied to her saying ' Because we're our friends nothing more . '
That annoys me alot me , they keep repeating the same words ' Jarry are cute , I ship Jarry and alot of other sentences . I don't know how doesn't Harry notice them or maybe he did but he just ignored it , why don't I do the same it will be better .