
" Harry did you notice that Jarry thing on twitter ? " He looked at me then smiled widely .
" Yes of course , they like us together Jadey . " He hugged me tight kissing my cheek , I laughed lightly .
" And why don't you say anything about what they say ? " I asked playing with my hair .
" Because I enjoy what I read so I let them say what they want . " He smiled widely .
" Really ? " I looked at him , is he talking seriously ?
" I'm kidding Jadey , you know they will never stop talking . " He let his arms spread over the sofa taking the remote control to watch something on the tv .
" Oh you're right , they will never stop talking and what they say won't be real in one day , excuse me I will be right back . " I felt a little bit disappointed I wasn't expecting that from him . I went to tmy room I closed to the door then I started to cry I don't why I'm even crying ; I shouldn't cry . I wiped my tears quickly heading down stairs .
" Are you okay ? Have you been crying ? " Harry stood up walking towards me cupping my face in his large hands .
" I'm totally fine and I haven't cried . " I removed his hands heading to the kitchen to get a glass of water .
" Can you tell me what's wrong Jade ? " He stood at the door of the kitchen watching me .
" Well nothing is wrong Harry , move from the door way Harry . " He was blocking the door way so I couldn't get out .
" I won't move until you tell me what's wrong . " I pushed him then I turned the tv taking a bit from the apple I brought from the kitchen .He sat beside and he put his arm around my shoulder but I removed it .
" You don't want to tell me what's wrong fine Jadey I'm leaving . " He stood up heading towards the door but I stopped him .
" Harry nothing is wrong , can you please stay ? " I was upset from what he said like he doesn't care if it's going to hurt me or not and I shouldn't be upset at all he's my best friend and Jarry won't be real, Never .
" Jadey I know you very well what's wrong love , did you get annoy from what I said ? If the answer is yes I'm so sorry Jadey I didn't mean it . " If i said yes it will show that I like or even love him which is not true .
" The answer is no Styles I'm not mad from what you said why would I be , both of us know very well that it won't be real fans just like to say what they want hoping that it comes true and all the things they say happen but some happens . "
I want to prove to him that I'm okay with what he said it doesn't matter if it hurts my feelings or not he's right and they won't stop saying that they like us together at first he seemed happy the way he smiled at me made me felt like he had feelings for me even if it's not strong feelings .
" Are you sure ? " Now I feel better and I feel like an idiot for crying for no reason the whole thing doesn't deserve what I did yes it annoyed me but I'm okay with that .
" I'm postive 100 % . " I went back to the sofa , we watched a romantic movie sometimes Harry was loooking at me but I ignored his looks , I continued watching the movie after the movie had finished I got bored .
" Harry I'm bored , let's do something . " I put my head on his shoulder closing my eyes waiting for him to say any suggestions .
" Something like what ? " He looked at me making a really cute face which made me smile .
" Jadey I want to tell you how beautiful you are but the words aren't good enough to describe how perfect you are , you mean alot to me I can't lose you because you're my everything you're like the second half of me you complete me and I can't live without you my little gorgeous Jadey . "