
I went to the London bridge, but this mysterious haven't shown up yet. After a short while, I felt someone's hand on my shoulder.
"Hey I think you're the set up boy." A soft voice said, I know that sweet voice. It's Jade!! I was shocked. It was a good chance for me to tell her my feelings since she's my set up girl. It your chance Styles. She realised that I looked shocked. I decided to talk, but she said that we're going to pretend to be in love in public, I felt broken. She doesn't love me or maybe she's saying that because she want to keep our friendship and I want to keep it too, but I want it to be a relationship. I decided to tell her.
"But Jade-" She cut me off. Oh god no stop cutting me off Jade let me tell you how I feel about you.
"I know what you're going to say Hazza, don't worry they won't know that we're pretending." Great just great. She thinks that I'm worried about the goddamn managers. But I don't want to pretend Jadey. I'm so desperate. She decided to leave because she's going to work with the girls. I envy the girls because they spend more time with her. I kissed her forehead then she left. I have to make her fall in love with me, I will try in every possible way to make her mine. I won't stop unitl that girl is mine. I went back home. I have to tell mum everything, she will be happy! I found her sitting on the couch.
"Mum! My set up girl is Jade. I can't believe it! I'm so happy, I will try my best to make her mine." I said happily. My mum looked at me in a very lovely way and kept smiling. I love this woman.
"I'm so happy for you sweetheart, but what do you mean about trying your best to make her yours? Now you're dating so what is the problem?"
"Well she told me that we'll pretend that we're in love in public just infront of the people. I think she said that because she wants to keep our friendship forever. But I want something more than being a friend with her." She nodded.
"You're growing up so fast honey." She hugged me tight and I giggled. She thinks that I'll stay her baby forever. She's the cutest mother ever.
"Now I'm going to get some sleep because I'm going to take my Jadey to a date tonight." I went to my room and Gemma was there.
"Hey Gem, what are you doing here?" I sat next to her on my bed, she looked sad. I don't like to see her sad.
"Harry, me and Ashton had a big fight and he said that we need a break and I'm afraid that after that break, he will break up with me." She hugged me and sobbed. I ran my hand through her smooth hair.
"Shh Gem it's okay don't worry, he loves you and he won't do something like that. Go and talk to him and I'm sure that you're going to fix things between you and him." I placed a kiss to her head, she wipped her tears and gave me a smile.
"Thank you Harry. I'm going to talk to him now." As soon as she had left, I fell asleep quickly. I didn't bother myself by changing my clothes. I'm so happy, I love you Jade Thirlwall.
-------------------------------------
Jade P.O.V
I'm glad that Harry is the set up boy. I love you Harry, but I'm sorry I can't have you. I want to keep you forever. I checked my phone and there was a text from Harry.
Harry: Get ready at 8, we're going on a date * wink * I giggled and replied to him.
Me: Okay Hazza.
I looked at the clock and it was 7 o'clock. I slept a lot. I have one hour to go on a date with Harry. I went to the kitchen and took an apple to eat, I wasn't really hungry. I decided to choose my outfit, I went upstairs to my room again and opened my closet. I decided to wear a black topshop texture tee, mesh grey tulle tutu skirt and pair of asos picture-perfect pointed high heels. I finished dressing up, I put some make up, but not too much. When I was done it was 8, I finished on time and that's good. I put my phone and keys inside my purse as soon as I had finished, Harry came. I heard a knock on the door. I took a deep breath and opened it. Harry was standing with flowers in his hands. They looked beautiful.