
Harry's P.O.V
I went back to my house and I couldn't stop thinking about my little Jadey , I  found that Ashley was standing in front of my door . I wonder what she wants , there's nothing I want to talk about with this bitch now she means nothing to me I can't believe how stupid was I to love her .
" What do you want ? " Maybe I'm going to be rude with her but she deserves this from me if she didn't cheat on me I wouldn't be rude with her or even hate her like now , I don't like to treat any women bad but she's the only one who deserves this from me .
" Baby I missed you alot , please get back to me . " She kissed me but I pulled away from her, I'd never get back with her , never !! I didn't miss her and when I knew her dirty games I didn't feel bad very much. Yes I cried and crashed alot of things but after few days I became better .
" Do you think I'm that stupid to believe you ? Well the answer is no Ashley , forget about me and don't come back again because I will never get back to you so get out of my life and leave me alone go and cheat on someone else ."
I tried to be calm as much as I can , I don't want to hurt her although I actually did but that's the only way I can be free again , the only way that I'm going to live my life without any problems . I just want to be me again . I changed and I don't like the new me so I want to be the old Harry again.
" But Harry I still love you please baby give me another chance , I won't cheat on you again " Her eyes started to be filled with tears I know she's acting , I will never give her another chance .
If I did , she would cheat on me again besides I don't love her anymore , I love Jade .
" Sorry Ashley there's no other chances for you just forget me . " I took out my keys from my pocket then I opened my door before closing it I looked one last time at her , I went inside I feel guilty , but I shouldn't be she deserves this . I can hear her sobbing outside .
I can't forget what happened today , I enjoyed alot with Jade . I went to my room , I changed my clothes into a white shirt and a gray sweatpants I fell asleep quickly as my head touched the pillow I didn't feel myself . This is the first night I sleep happy .
I woke up next morning because of my phone it was Zayn . I wonder what he wants in the early morning . I looked at the clock next to my bed and it was 12:00 PM oh my god ! I'm late . I slept alot .
" Hey Zayn uhm...good morning or afternoon anyway I'm coming . " I opened my phone speaker , I talked quicklyas I was running through my room like a mad searching for my clothes .
" Okay lad you better come now guess what , Perrie and Jade are here in our house and Jade is talking with Niall and they're enjoying alot with each other I can hear them laughing , keep quiet a little guys can't hear Harry . " He teased shouting to them to be quite . I was happy because I was going to see my Jadey but angry because she's laughing and talking with Niall well I'm jealous . I took a quick shower .
I dressed up in a black tight jeans and a red pullover when I bought that pullover Jadey was with me that's why I love wearing it . I took a cup of coffee from Starbucks then I went to the boys . I opened the door of course I have the keys .
" Hey lazy boy . " Zayn waved at me putting his hand back at his pocket .
" Hey , where's Jadey ? " Zayn knows my feelings towards Jade we made a deal not to tell anyone about it , I kept looking around to see Jade .
" She's not here I only told you that to make you come quickly because we need to work on our new album we only recorded three songs besides we're going to make a new music video , directioners going to love it . "