
" I understand Harry . It happened with me once , I had feelings for a girl and I decided to tell her , she felt the same so don't lose hope . " What Niall said made me think a little that I can do like him . But it's different because she said forget about the whole thing , it means that she doesn't think about me . I told Niall about the last night .
" But it's different Niall , because we can lose our friendship if she doesn't feel the same and besides she told me to forget what happened ...I'm so desperate . I never loved a girl like that . "
" Don't lose hope Haz , I hope she feels the same about you . " I smiled a little smile . Niall is the type of guys that give me hope even if it's impossible to happen , but  he gives me a little hope , when I talk to him ; I feel comfortable whenever I talk to him .
" Thanks a lot Ni , you're the best . " I gave him a tight hug . I had a long day we kept working for a long time . NowI feel so tired and sad . Tired because of working and sad because Jade is not mine . I went back home and went upstairs to my room without saying a word , my mum kept calling my name , but I ignored her . I fell to my bed and went asleep fast , I didn't even change my clothes .
Next morning I woke up late , I checked my phone and I found 3 messages from Jadey . I didn't have the energy to do anything so I ignored the her messages , but I saw one of them and went to sleep again . After a couple of hours ; my mum to have a little conversation with me .
" Harry , what's wrong sweetheart ? You didn't get out from your room since the early morning and you've been sleeping alot . Look at the clock it's 6 p.m , Jade called twice and I told herthat you're sleeping . Can you tell what's wrong  ? "
" Mum promise me that you won't tell Jade . " I may sound like a child , but who cares , I know my mother very well and she can tell Jade my secret .
" Okay , I promise . "
" I love Jade mommy and she doesn't feel the same , I didn't ask her , but yesterday we went to a night club and we got drunk , we kissed and I took her home , but we didn't do anything ; she wanted more , but I didn't use her when she was drunk even though I wanted it so badly , but I couldn't do anything and today when I went to see her . She told me to forget about the whole thing . It hurts my feelings and I saw one of her message and she said in it that she has a boyfriend . "
I couldn't hold back my tears , I start crying and sobbing , mum hugged me tight . I kept holding her for a while . This is the first time I feel like I really love a woman , it's so hard to see her with another man . I wanted this man to be me . Oh how I wish that was me .
" It's okay son , just don't cry . " She placed a kiss to my forehead before getting up taking my hand to get me out of bed . I didn't want to , but I got up . When I went downstairs I found Gemma sitting with Jade . I wanted to return back to my room , but Jade saw me and called my name .
" Hello Hazza , you've been so lazy today . " She hugged me and I did the same .
" I'm tired , that's all . " I sat next to Gemma and Jade sat in the opposite chair . I didn't want to face her . The only thing I wanted to do is leaving them sitting together and going back to my bed .
" Take care of yourself Haz , now excuse me , but I have to leave . " She grabbed her bag and stood up . She looks happy .
" To where ? " Gemma asked instead of me . I didn't say a word . I was sure that she was going to meet him .
" I'm going to meet Sam , we got back together yesterday . " She said happily , I felt that I was dying from inside . Gemma and mum hugged her , but I didn't do anything , I went to my room again . Mum kept calling my name few times , but I ignored her . I shut the door behind me and cried out in anger . How could she get back with him ?! That drives me crazy , he hurt her and treated her badly . He doesn't deserve her !! I can treat her way better than him . He will never understand how lucky he is to have Jade , he will never appreciate her and I'm sure he's going to hurt her again .