
He held me close to him telling me this beautiful words all this words makes me feel like he loves me but it's not true ; he doesn't mean that he loves me but I have to face that I started to like him I hope it doesn't last for a long time .
" Awww thanks alot Hazza I love you so much my sweet little cupcake , you will always be my close friend . " I hugged him tight , maybe I'm lying to him but it's the truth at the same time me and Harry will never be together .
Harry's P.O.V
As Jade's words left her lips I wanted to kiss her but the word ' close friend ' hurt me , I dore her , she's my everything I didn't mean to act like an idiot and hurt her with my words , she doesn't desevre to be hurt , she should be treated like a princess because she is a real princess . I'm afraid that she doesn't feel the same towards me oh if I can tell her how much she means to me .
" I love you more my princess . " I kissed her cheek as she smiled , I can do anything to see her magical smile , she's like my drug I can't stay away from her . I don't want to lose our friendship that's why I can't tell her that I love her . She's the only who stood by my side when I needed someone .
I actually didn't love my ex girlfiend I was forced to date her but I was hurt when she cheated on me because I started to like her but now she's gone and she means nothing to me all I care about is Jade only Jade .
" Jadey let's go to any place we can go to the cinema together and then we can go to the park to have a walk or we can go anywhere you want to go . " I said in excitement , I want to go anywhere with her I want to spend every moment of my life with . I wish she was mine forever .
" Okay I will get ready wait for me . " She got up heading upstairs .
" I will wait for you forever . " I whispered I'm sure that I have a disappointed look on my face , I should be happy now I have the most beautiful girl in the world with me and we're going out together , Iam happy yes Iam . After 15minutes Jadey came down stairs .
" Do I look good ? " She was wearing a black short dress reaches the middle of her thighs with white hearts and a white belt the dress looks like my chemise it's a blue chemise with white hearts , she looked very beautiful I stood up walking towards her .
" Very gorgeous Jadey . " That looks very cute on her and I'm so glad that we're wearing the same thing , I will take a picture with her and post it on instagram and twitter and I will change my twitter icon and put our picture together but if I did that it's going to prove that I have feelings for her so I will post it on instagram only . ( Not the picture at the beginning of the chapter , imagine their selfie )
" Thanks alot Hazza I wore that dress because it looks like your chemise and I like it . " She said shyly looking at the ground , oh how much I love that smile she lights up my world .
" Let's take a picture together baby . " I took out my phone and I opened my front camera we took a selfie she looked very gorgeous like always .
Jade's P.O.V
He told me baby ! this word melted my heart okay Jade you have to stop , Harry likes to say this word so maybe he didn't mean it like what I think , he doesn't love me anyway so I will try to forget about the idea of me and Harry together .