
I woke up at 4 in the morning because of the unlimited notifications of my phone. I made a twitter account from 5 days ago. A lot of people are asking me to follow them, some of them send me nice tweets and others send me hate. I'm used to get hate, but it really hurts, I didn't do anything to them. I followed some people and tweeted ' Woke up because of the notifications. ' then I turned off my phone.
I closed my eyes, I didn't feel myself until I had woken up on the morning. I looked to the clock next to my bed it was 8 in the morning. There was a smell of delicious pancakes which my mum was doing it in the kitchen, she's a good cook. I took a quick shower, I dried my body then I wore a blue skirt and a white t-shirt written on it ' 35 '
I checked my phone I found a morning tweet from Harry. Yeah yeah Harry Styles the famous kid from one direction, he is a really good guy we have known each other since the X factor. He's one of my best friend. The tweet says ' Good morning little Jadey xx ' .
I tweeted him saying ' Good morning little cupcake . ' I giggled pressing the tweet button. I took my phone and went downstairs.
"Good morning mum." I gave mum a cute smile then I placed a kiss to her cheek.
"Good morning Jadey, did you sleep well?" She asked placing her plate on the table she sat in front of me.
"Well I woke up at 4 in the morning because my phone didn't stop buzzing I forgot to turn it off. The fans were sending tweets you know they send tweets every second of the day. Then I slept again ." I replied taking a sip from my apple juice.
"They just love you Jadey, what is your plans for today?"
"I will meet the girls then we will go to the studio and we'll go shopping I want to buy some bows." I giggled.
"Hahaha you will never grow up Jade , now finish your plate and go to your work." She said taking her plate to put it in the dishwasher.
"Alright mum I will wait for Perrie to come she will pick me up." I stood up to hug my mum I really love her .
"Okay Jadey take care of yourself, I have to leave now sweetie see you later." Mum kissed my forehead before leaving . I took my phone to dial Perrie's number and she answered.
"Hello Jade." Perrie said in excitement.
"Hey Pezz where are you? I'm waiting for you."
"I'm outside your house c'mon get out bow girl."
"Okay, I'm coming bye." I wore my white shoes and took my keys then I left, I saw Perrie standing in front of her car. I smiled at her.
"Hello Perrie." I said hugging her, Perrie is so cute and crazy we have a lot of fun together I thought I won't be happy with the girls, but I was wrong they are the best we became so close they're like my sisters, they're my other family.
"C'mon let's go to the studio, the girls are there." Perrie said opening her car door.
"You seem so excited Pezz what happened?" Maybe Zayn promised her to give her a gift. She's addicted to Zayn. I wish someday to have a lovely boyfriend like Zayn.
"Nothing I'm going to see Zayn today." She said in excitement, after 15 minutes we arrived. We entered the studio Jesy and Leigh-anne were singing a new cool song.
"Hey girls what are you singing?" I asked taking the paper that contains the lyrics of the songs it's called salute.
"Hi Jade, we're singing salute the new song you're going to like it." Leigh replied giving Perrie her lyrics paper. Jesy started singing her solo they gave me the next solo I liked the song. Everyone of us sang his solo we practiced for a few hours.