
Jade's P.O.V
Yesterday my manager called me, he told me that he was going to put me in a set up date with a guy. So I woke up early and took a long relaxing shower. I was excited, but I don't want to be forced to love someone eventhough I know him, but I don't care. I don't want to be forced. I dried my body and hair. I decided to wear givenchy bambi sequined t-shirt, blue jeans and mesh high heeled bootie. I finished my simple make up and went downstairs, I took my phone and keys and kissed mum goodbye then I left. My destination is the London bridge.
I bit my nail, due to the excitement pumping through my veins. My manager had told me that I knew this guy, and this made my levels of nervousness rise even higher. He casually dodged off my question about him, but curtly told me to get ready and arrive at London bridge perfectly. Here I go.
I arrived at time and there was a curly-haired boy standing and looking into the water. He looks fimiliar to me, of course he is because I know him! He turned around and I was completely shocked. It was Harry my bestfriend!! I know that I have some feelings for him, but no! I don't wanna lose him because of a relationship. Now I'll go and talk to him, and I should act like I didn't recognize him.
"Hey, I think you're the set up boy." I put my hand on his shoulder, he turned around and his green eyes met mine. He looked shocked. Well not only you Styles.
"J-Jade? You're the set up girl! I can't believe it" He moved his hand through his curly hair. I think he looks annoyed.
"Look Harry, I know you're shocked and same here so we're both forced to love each other, but we don't have to. We can pretend that we're inlove in public." I had to push my feelings away to keep Harry forever.
"But Jade-" I cut him off, he will say that the manager could find out, but that's not going to happen because in public I love him.
"I know what you're going to say Hazza, don't worry they won't know that we're pretending." He didn't look comfortable, he looked like he wanted to say something, but he can't.
"Okay." He smiled. But I know that he's hiding something behind that smile.
"We should act like couples from now." I smiled and interwined our fingers, holding Harry's hand feels so different from holding Sam's hand.
"That means that I'm going to kiss you in public and you will accept it Jadey." He smirked and I laughed, he loves to kiss a lot.....I think.
"I think I have to go now, me and the girls have a lot of work to do. Goodbye Harry." I was about to turn around, but he pulled me back and kissed my forehead. Aww he's so sweet!
"Take care of yourself bow girl." He smiled against my forehead. My feelings started to grow even more, but no Jade you're not going to let this happen. You're not going to let your feelings win.
"Okay cupcake." I smiled, then I left. I'm glad that he's my set up boy, I really don't mind dating him, but I don't want to lose him. I won't be happy if someone else was my set up boy. I went to the studio and worked for hours with the girls, I want to go home; 'cause I'm extremely tired, I need some sleep.
-------------------------------------
Harry's P.O.V
My manager told me to go to the London bridge today, I was going to meet the set up girl. I'm beyond annoyed, I won't love someone else except Jade. I won't be nice to that girl, I want to be rude and very annoying so she can break up with me. Why they don't see my good side? I'm not a wonenizer! Why they can't leave me alone? I don't want to be forced to love someone. My manager also mentioned that I know that girl, I think she will hate me after treating her badly.