
"Thank you, you're way more cuter." Believe me Harry, I want to kiss you too, but I can't. He drove his car and we stayed in awkward silence.I hate awkward silence.
"So, today I met the Parkes sisters and Lily stepped on my shoes. I don't know why I feel like they're planning to do something. I'm worried." I said breaking the silence.
"They're so mean, just don't think about them and don't worry they won't do anything. I'm here to protect you Jadey." He squeezed my hand. I smiled warmly at him.
"I love you." I whispered, but I hope that he didn't hear me.
"Did you say something?" He asked, my eyes widened, please don't say that you heard what I said and want to make sure that what you heard was right.
"N-No."  I pulled my hand and stared outside the window. We didn't talk after that we styaed in the same silent. We arrived at Nandos and Niall was there.
"Why did you come late? I came before you. Now let's go inside 'cause I'm hungry." I giggled and entered Nandos.
"You're always hungry Niall, now what are going to eat?" I asked, Harry didn't look comfortable, I think he wanted us to be alone.
"Let me order for us, when you're with Niall you don't have to ask about what we're going to eat." I laughed and looked over Harry, he looked at me and smiled, I did the same. Niall told the waiter our order and started to tell some jokes.
"Now let me tell you one, knock knock." Harry said in excitement.
"Oh no Harry." I laughed lightly, his jokes are bad to be honset.
"Fine, I won't say it." He crossed his arm and faked a cute sad face.
"Aww you look so adorable, I'm sorry for making you sad my cute cupcake." His sad face disappeared and replaced with a big smile. I leaned and kissed his cheek.
"Okay love birds enough, the food is here let's eat!" Me and Harry giggled and started to eat, the food tasted amazing now I know why Niall loves Nandos.
"Excuse me, I have to make a phone call." Niall said, getting up from his chair, leaving me alone with Harry.
"Did I mention that you look so pretty tonight?" He smirked.
"Yes." I giggled.
" Jade I want to tell you some-" Niall interrupted him.
"I'm back, did you miss me?" I nodded. I really want to know what was Harry going to say.
"You're so cute Jadey." I blushed.
"Back off mate, she's mine." Harry said, pulling me closer to him.
"She's all yours." I didn't stop blushing. I tried to change to the subject so I thought for a moment to come up with something.
"So how about walking for a while?" I suggested and they both nodded. Niall payed for our food after a short fight with Harry about who's going to pay, but it wasn't really a fight. Harry held my hand and interwined our fingers, I looked at our hand and a smile appeared on my face. After a while Niall decided to leave and that left me with Harry alone. Now it's my chance to ask him about what he was going to say.
"So what were you going to say when we were in Nandos?" I asked.
"N-Nothing, it's not an important thing." He replied.
"Okay." We kept walking until we reached my house.
"I guess I'm going to get inside now, thanks for tonight I had fun with you and Niall. Good night Hazza." I stood on my toes and placed a kiss to his cheek.