
I'm sorry for updating late, but I had no internet connection. So here's the chapter.
Enjoy reading and don't forget to vote.
Please Vote, comment and spread the world.
(Read the A\N at the end of the chapter, it's kind of important. I just want to know answer for my question so please read it when you finish reading the chapter.)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
I woke up and took a shower, I dried my hair and brushed it, today I was going to meet The Styles family. I feel so nervous and excited at the same time, I'm excited to meet Gemma and nervous because I'm going to meet Harry's mother. I ate my breakfast alone, mum left early for her trip. I looked at the clock and it was 10 AM, I still have time. 8 hours left, I feel so bored and I don't know what do to. I decided to go outside for a walk, I changd my clothes and went to Starbucks. I bought my latte and went to walk in the park. For my bad luck, Lily Parkir was there. Great!! I tried to ignore her, but she came towards me and blocked my way.
"Get away, I want to walk" I said coldly. I really hate her and her sister. They used to bully me in school and make fun of me, they also made me get in a lot of troubles and I couldn't tell anyone because I was scared so I had to handle it alone. Now we all grew up, but they keep following me and getting me in troubles again, they don't want to leave me alone. Lily once told me that she feels jealous because I became in a band and I'm famous. Now Lily works as a model and Maria works as a hairstyler. I see no reason to make them jealous of me.
"Look Jade, I'm warning you stay away from Harry." She pointed at me, I rolled my eyes and pushed her aside to walk. "I won't stay away from him no matter what. This time I'm not afarid of you." I left, feeling a little proud of myself, I never thought that I would stick up for myself, but I did. I walked to the house that I shred with the girls. I knocked on the door and Jesy opened it.
"Jesy the pie!" I hugged her tight. She hugged me back and let me get inside, I hugged both Perrie and Leigh-anne. We started to have a little talk about our boyfriends, but I actually didn't have a boyfriend or maybe I have a fake boyfriend. I don't think that Harry is fake, but we're faking it in front of people and I never wanted it to be like this. I wanted Jarry to be real, but I'm only doing that to keep him, I don't want to lose him if we broke up.
"So how is things between you and Jordan?" I asked, taking a bite from my biscuit.
"We're okay now, he brought me flowers yesterday and took me out in a date." She replied happily. I smiled at her, her relationship with Jordan is very strong. I wish I could have a relationship like this with Harry.
"What about you and Harry?" Perrie winked, she really loves Jarry. Perrie is a huge fan of us.
"We're faking it, there's no Jarry." I said in disappointment.  I shouldn't be disappointed, I'm the one who made this desicion so it means that I have to handle what I've done.
"But why Jade? you look so adorable together besides people really love Jarry." Leigh said and she was right about people loving Jarry and probably right about us being adorable together.
"I'm just afraid to lose him, I love him very much. He means a lot to me." I looked at the floor.
"Look Jadey, he seems to love you too so don't be stupid and go for him. Let him kiss you when you're spending time wtih him and don't fake it in public." Jesy advised me. I think I should listen to her this time. But I don't know if I can really do it. We talked in different subjects that probably took hours. I looked at my hand watch and it was 2. I still have four hours. I left the girls and went back to the house.