
" I won't baby . " She straddled my lap . I knew that this moment was coming soon .
" We're so drunk Harry . " Jade laughed wrapping her arms around my neck .
" Yes, we are Jadey . " She snuggled into my neck . She started to kiss my neck , I have to make her stop because it won't go well .
" Jade stop please . " I moaned as she sucked harshly where my neck meets my shoulder .
" I don't want to . " She smirked .
" But you have to Jadey . " She looked up at me , she stared in my eyes for a moment before crashing her lips to mine . I kissed her back ; I wanted the moment so badly . We pulled away .
" Jade , you're drunk and I'm drunk we can't kiss each other here , the media can take pictures of us kissing. Let's go home . " I took her to house. I don't know how I drove , but thanks god we didn't die .
" Come inside for a while . " She opened the door turning around to face me . She kissed me again pulling me inside .
" Take me upstairs . " She whispered in my lips as she wrapped her legs around my waist . I went upstairs to her room , her mother wasn't at home . I kissed her neck , she moaned , that voice is one of the most hot voices I've ever heard . She opened her room door . We got inside I pushed her to the door which made it close .
" Harry . " She moaned . I have to stop my self .
" Jade , we need to stop . We're going to regret it tomorrow . " I put her down .
" But Harry I don't mind it . " She said looking at the ground .
" You don't mind it because you're drunk Jade . I'm going to leave good night Jadey . " I kissed her forehead .
" Please don't go . " She pulled my arm .
" I can't stay I'm sorry . " I went downstairs to find Mrs Thirlwall sitting on the sofa .
" Jade is in her room Mrs Thirlwall goodnight . " I closed the door and drove my car back to my house . I hope that I see no pictures of me and Jade kissing in the night club . I arrived home safely . I went straight to my bed I didn't even change my clothes .
Jade's P.O.V
I can't remember what happened last night , but all I can remember that I told Harry please don't go . I looked at the clock and it was 12 pm I slept for a long time . I took a shower and went downstairs to drink some coffee . My mum left for work ; the fashion week is starting from today so I'm going to stay alone for a whole week . I turned the tv on , I found pictures of me and Harry kissing at a night club this is a big disaster .
---------------------------------------------------
I'm sorry for updating late I was having some problems . Here's the chapter enjoy reading it and don't forget to vote ily all xox