
I decided to call mum, I missed her even though she left from few hours ago, but I miss my mum like every second of the day. I dialed her number, but she didn't answer. Maybe she's busy and can't talk. I opened the TV and I turned every channel, all of them are boring. There's nothing good is playing until I stopped at a channel and there was some news about me, Harry and Niall. Harry looked annoyed at one of the pictures, at that moment I was laughing with Niall. Maybe he's....jealous. I turned the TV off and went to the kitchen to eat something, I had no idea what to do. I haven't cooked in ages so I don't remember anything about cooking. I decided to go to McDonald's with Jesy so I called her and she accepted. We met there and we ordered our food.
"Today, I'm going to meet Harry's family." I said taking a bite from my sandwich. I shouldn't be eating junk food, but for god sake I love it, I don't care about my weight because I'm skinny...very skinny.
"That's great, but don't get nervous or lose control. Everything is gonna be fine and act normal." I nodded, but how can't I be nervous? I'm going to meet The Styles!!
"I'll try." I said simply. We finished eating and Jesy went back to my place, she decided to help me with my hair, make up and clothes. I took a shower and dried my hair. Jesy made my hair wavey, I wore a white blouse with long sleeves, a pair of black trousers and a pair of red high heels. My make up was simple, I had put pink lipstick, mascara and black eyeliner. We took a long time to finish my look and finally I'm ready. Jesy left and after 15 minutes Harry came. He drove us to his house, we had a little conversation. We arrived, I took a deep breath and stood beside Harry.
"It's okay, don't be nervous." He squeezed my hand gently. His mum Anne opened the door with a wide smile
"Come in." She opened the door more to let us in, Gemma was standing behind her mum simling. I hugged both of them as I was trying to keep calm. We went to eat dinner and I wasn't really hungry so I didn't eat much. The food tasted amazing, I really loved it. I was about to get up to wash my hands when Mrs.Styles called my name.
"Jade, where are you going honey?" She asked with a nice smile. She always smiles, this is one the things I love about her. I know we haven't talked much, but I feel comfotable around her. Her smile is warm and I'm sure that she's a great woman.
"I'm done with eating, the food was great." I smiled widely. She nodded, I went to the bathroom, I washed my hands and my face; trying to calm myself. I feel so nervous and I don't know why.
Harry's P.O.V
I'm so glad that Jade is meeting my family, but my little Jadey seems so nervous. The way mum smiles at her makes me feel like she likes her and that's good. I wonder when I'm going to tell Jade that I love her, it kills me everyday, sometimes I cry 'cause I can't do anything about it. But I know that one day, I'm going to tell her and she's going to be mine....I hope.
"So mum what do you think about Jade?" I said with full mouth.
"We haven't talked much yet, but I'm sure that she's a sweetheart." I  think mum likes her and I'm very glad about that, Gemma didn't say a word about her and that me made worry a little bit.
"Yes, she's so cute and adorable and oh the food is amazing." I giggled. We finished eating when Jade came back, she helped mum and Gemma. I went to watch the TV as I was wating for Jade to come back.
"Hey Hazza." Jade said, placing a soft kiss on my cheek. She sat down next to me.

"Hello Jadey." I kissed her cheek, she giggled. She's so cute! I want to kiss her so badly right now, but I can't.