
This is a big disaster, I was straddling his lap and kissing  his neck !! I remember thathe told me last night we're going to regret it tomorrow, but I can't remember  when.He's right I regret going out to a night club and getting drunk. I hope no one sees it, but I know they will I'm afraid.I shouldn't be afraid that much, people do mistakes and I'm a human so probably I'm going to do mistakes too.But neither of us wanted this to happen.I decided to call Harry.Before I could dial his number, the door bell rang.I opened the door and it was Harry.Oh great.
" Hey Jade. " He said giving me a hug , I was mad at him, but his warm hug made me forget my anger.
" Hello Hazza , get inside . " I said coldly . I tried to look like I'm mad at him ,but I failed .
" I saw the news and I'm so sorry Jadey I never wanted this to happen so I told you that night that we can't stay in the night club ; I took you home and we kissed again here . I'm sorry . " I kissed him again wow . I don't want to get drunk again if it's going to end up like that . I don't want my feelings towards Harry to get stronger , but I remember how perfectly our lips fit together like we're made for each other .
" It's okay , we were drunk and I'm the one who should say sorry because I'm the one who kissed you , you tried to stop me , but I didn't stop. " I looked at the ground , feeling ashamed of myself . Harry lifted my chin up so I can face him .
" Well I'm not mad at you because we kissed ; I actually liked it . " I smiled .He looked at me in a very adorable way . I wanted to kiss him again ! But I have to get rid of that idea . No more kisses for Harry !
" Just forget about the whole thing like nothing happened and let's watch a movie . Watching movies is the one of the most things  we do together . " I went back to sit down on the sofa then I took the remote control to turn the channel . He sat next to me , but wait he said he liked it ! No way he doesn't love me . We watched a comedy film it wasn't a bad film .
" Zayn just sent me a text sayingthat I have to go to the boys now so I'm going to leave Jadey , see you later . " He hugged me then he left .
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Harry's P.O.V
As I left Jade's house , a huge amount of people with cameras were standing in front of the house . I tried to walk away from them , but they kept following me .
" Harry , are you and Jade dating ? We saw you two kissing . " One of the people asked .
" No we're not dating and we were drunk that night . Leave me alone !! " I said in anger , I rode my car and headed to the studio ; we're going to record a new song . When I arrived there , Zayn was calling me . I ignored the call and entered the studio . We recorded ' Alive ' song , I loved recording it alot , but the picture of me and Jade kissing didn't leave my mind , I wanted to go back to her and tell her everything ; tell her that I'm truly madly deeply in love with her . But the problem is that I can't tell her and it annoys me alot .
" What are you thinking about  lad ? " Niall asked putting his hand on my shoulder . Maybe Niall can help me ; he can ask Jade if she loves me , but no ! I don't want to lose my friendship with Jade . I should get rid of that idea .
" I'm thinking about Jade , Niall ..I love her so much ; I wish that I can tell her , but I just can't do it . " I put my head in my hands , I'm really upset .
" Then tell her . " He got a phone call , he excused to answer . When he finished , he came back .
" I can't Niall , maybe she doesn't feel the same and if she didn't feel the same , I would lose my friendship with her . "