
" Does Harry have feelings for me ? Because there's alot of situations make me feel as if he loves me and I'm not dating Sam , I only said that to make sure that Harry loves me ir not . Yesterday I became sure that he has feelings for me , but today he was a little bit cold with me . So I want to know if he loves me or not ? " " Well Jade , he didn't mention anything about this to me , but if he did , I will tell you . " Now I was wrong and I feel that I'm embarrassed .
" Okay thank you Mrs Styles , I have to go now I'm having some work to do . Whenever you see Harry , tell him to call me . " I went back home , I lied about the work , but doesn't matter if I'm lying or not . I spent the rest of the day at home . I talked with mum and went to Perrie's house for a while then I went back home . I waited for Harry to call , but he never called .
Maybe I shouldn't have done this from the beginning . I think I didn't move on and I still have feelings for Harry ; but I have to hide them . He means alot to me and I don't want to lose my friendship with him . Finally Harry called me , I was so glad that he called .
" Hey Jadey , I missed you . What are you doing with Sam now ? " He thinks that I'm actually with Sam .
" I missed you more , he left . " I'm thinking about telling him that I'm not dating Sam , but let's wait for a little bit longer to see what is going to happen .
" Okay , so I guess I have to go now , I'm very tired . Talk to you tomorrow bow girl , good night . "
" Nanite Hazza . " I took my headphones and turned on some music and laid in bed . I couldn't sleep and it annoys me alot when I can't sleep . I talked to Leigh on phone for two hours then I finally fell asleep . It was a long night for me and I hope things get better soon . A week passed and I didn't talk with Harry , it felt like a year not a week , I have to forget him . I know it's not easy , but I have to try hard .
I woke up next morning and went to the studio . I worked all , I thought about going out to walk alone . On my way I met Niall and we walked together . Niall is a great friend and I know that he will keep my secret . I told him about everything and he told me that maybe Harry feels the same and he ship us together then he started to fanboy over us . I spent a good time with Niall and after a while I went home and went straight to my bed .
--------------------------------------First I'm sorry for late and second the chapter is less than 1500. But I promise next time I'm going to make the chapter longer .
Enjoy reading and don't forget to vote ily all xox