
"Besides Harry is a good guy, don't believe the media in everything they say, Harry is not a womenizer like what you think." I never thought like that about Harry, I know that he's a good guy and I really don't know why the people don't the good side of him and Perrie is right again because not everything the media says is real.
"I don't think like that, Perrie. He's my best friend and I spend a lot of time with him, he's very friendly and lovely. I'd never think about him like that." We payed and left the shop, while walking I met two people that I hate the most The Parker Sisters. Lily walked so close to me stepped on my shoes.
"Ouch! Watch out idiot." I shouted, she looked at me when an evil smile on her face. I hate her. She didn't say a word she took her sister and walked away.
"Go to hell bitches." Me and Perrie said at the same time. We looked at each other then we laughed lightly.
"We have the same brain." I nodded. After a while of walking with Perrie, I said goodbye to Perrie then I went back home, I kept thinking about the two annoying sisters there's something behind their appearance at the mall. I'm worried because I'm sure that they are going to do something. I really want to know what thery're thinking about. I decided to text Harry, I haven't talked to him today.
Me: Are you busy tonight?
Harry: No, why?
Me: Do you wanna hang out ?
Harry: Sure, I will come to pick you at 7.
~ End of texts ~
I din't reply and decided to take a nap. I changed my clothes into a comfortable pyjamas then I took my nap. I slept for few hours and when I woke up it was 7! Oh my god I'm going to be late, Harry will be here in any minute and I'm wearing a pyjamas and my hair is a big mess. I heard the door bell rang, I quickly got off the bed and headed downstairs. I opened the door and Harry was standing trying not to laugh.
"H-Hey Harry." I said trying to fix my hair.
"Uhm..I was sleeping I'm sorry so wait to for me, I'll be ready in five minutes." He nodded, I ran to my room and opened my closet. I decided to wear a pair of tight dark blue jeans, a grey jumper with Olaf in the middle of it and a pair of white vans. I pulled my hair into a pony tail and put some make up. I went downstairs and Harry was checking his phone.
"I'm done." I smiled, he checked my outfit and laught lightly.
"What? Do I look bad?" I asked, looking down at my clothes.
"No, no you look so pretty and your jumper is so cute." I laughed lightly. You're the cute one here Harry. Stop it Jade!
"Thank you." I blushed, he looks like he's not at me for not kissing him and I'm very glad that he's not mad. That's a good thing!
"So where do you want to go?" We went outside the house and headed to his car.
"Nandos!" I said loudly, I go there a lot because of Niall and Jesy, they both love Nanods.
"Tell Niall to come too." He nodded and dialed Niall's number.
"Hey Niall, me and Jadey are going to Nandos want to come?" He doesn't have to ask, Niall will probably say yes.
"Okay, meet you there goodbye." He hanged up then looked at me and gave me a wide smile that showed his dimples.
"You look so cute when you smile like that." I cupped his face and kissed his nose, he closed his eyes. He thought that I was actually going to kiss him.