
"Here's the flowers to the most beautiful girl I've ever seen." He smiled widely and I blushed smiling shyly.
"Thank you." I took them and placed a kiss to his cheek. I placed the flowers in a vase then Harry took me to a mexican restaurant. We ordered tacos, I looked at my plate hungrly my mouth watered at the sight of the plate. Although I wasn't really hungry, but I ate the whole plate. They tasted so good. Harry finished and payed the bill then we left. He held my hand and there was some paparazzi attacking us. He held me closer to him.
"Since when you're dating Jade Thirlwall?" One of the paparazzi shouted.
"Since today, now leave us alone." We were going to get in the car, but one of the paparazzi said a rude comment about me.
"Jade is so ugly and so untalnted, why would you date her Harry?" Harry turned around and shouted at them, I waited for him in the car. I felt tears form inside my eyes.
"No, no please don't cry. You're so gorgeous and talnted love it's okay, they're just annoying." He hugged me and drew small circles on my back to comfort me.
"They're right Harry. I'm ugly." I sobbed into his chest. He pulled away and cupped my face in his large hands.
"No, baby you're so beautiful and I love you the way you are. I-I mean friends accept each other in every condition and even if you're not beautiful, I still love you my cute Jadey." He kissed my forehead, I smiled and hugged him. Now I don't care about the paparazzi are going to say, I should trust myself I know that I'm not ugly and the only thing I care about is myself.
"Thank you Harry." We stayed in silence until we arrived at the beach. The weather was wnderful. He held my hand and started to walk on the beach.
"You look so beautiful tonight." He smiled. I blushed looking to the other side.
"You too look beautiful." I interwined our fingers and looked at his gorgeous face. He was looking at the sky. I only kept staring at him and smiling like an idiot. He noticed that.
"What?" He laughed lightly.
"Nothing, you looked very beautiful looking at the sky. I enjoyed today thanks for everything Hazza." We stood infront of each other. I wonder if he loves me? I kept looking at his eyes searching for an answer. He got closer to me, I could feel his hot breath against my face. We were about to kiss, but I looked down. I can't kiss him. He's my friend. He looked disappointed a little bit.
"I'm sorry Harry, please take me home." I let go of his home and headed towards the car. I ruined that moment and I feel bad about that. He didn't say a word the whole ride. I arrived home.
"Harry I'm sor-" He cut me off.
"Good night Jade." He drove his car fast and left me alone standing infront of my house. I went inside and went straight to my room to avoid any conversation with my mum. I changed my clothes into a comfortable pyjamas and went to sleep.
--------------------------------
Hey, I'm so sorry for updating late. I made a stupid mistake so I rewritten the chapter. Hope you like it and if did please vote. Ily all xox
I made a new book go ahead and check it out!