
I ruined all this, we're supposed to be in love with each other in public so he can kiss me. I don't know why I didn't let him kiss me, I wanted to press my lips to his so badly, but I couldn't do it. I'll sleep now and talk to him tomorrow and I'll try to make things better, I went to sleep. I woke up next morning and I needed to talk with my mum, I'm sure that she's going to tell me what to do. For my good luck she hasn't left for work yet.
"Good morning mummy." I smiled and placed a kiss to her cheek.
"Good morning my little Jadey. I'm going to miss you so much, we're having a fashion week in Italy and I have to leave tomorrow. Take care of yourself." She said before taking a sip from her coffee.
"I'm going to miss you, mum. I want to talk to you." My mother doesn't know about the set up that happened.
"What to talk about Jadey?" She said putting her cup in the sink.
"I was put in a set up with Harry." I said putting a spoon full of cereals in my mouth.
"Really? Since when?" She asked.
"Since yesterday, we went on a date last night and he looked very happy. I was happy too,but he tried to kiss me and I ruined the moment by looking down." I don't know why I feel so guilty about now kissing Harry. I'm only doing this to keep him, I may sound selfish, but I love him and I don't want to lose him for any reason.
"Why didn't you kiss him?" Mum thinks that we're in love, maybe she is right, but no one of us wants to tell the other about his feelings.
"Mum, you know that Harry is my best friend and I think that I have feelings for him, but I can't be with him because I don't want to lose him." I explained to her, I know that she's going to understand and she's going to advise me.
"Look Jadey, you look so in love with each other and even the fans love yo together so why don't you give him a chance? I'm sure that Harry is a good guy and he won't hurt you." She's right, I remember the night when we kissed and he told me that he liked the kiss. I think that Mr.Styles loves me too.
"Thank you mum, I love you." I gave her a tight hug, I had to leave soon because I'm going to the mall with Perrie.
"No need Jadey, now I have to get ready because I have to go to work." I nodded and went to my room, I opened my closet and kept watching it for about ten minutes. I didn;t know what to wear. After another ten minutes I chose to wear a white blouse with long sleeves, an orange short skirt and a pair of white heels. I took a small white bag to put my keys and phone in it. I went to the mall and met Perrie in front of Vintage shop. She bought dresses then we went to Zara to buy shoes. After we had shopping, we went to Starbucks to drink something. We ordered our drinks and sat down on table.
"So I heard that you were yesterday with Harry and he held your hand, is that right Jadey?" Perrie asked.
"Well yes because we were put in a set up together." Perrie smiled widely, she knows that I love Harry and she supports Jarry.
"I'm so happy for you Jadey, finally you're going to date the guy you love. I'm sure that Harry is going totake care of you very well." I smiled, our  drinks came and we started to drink them.
"I told him that we're going to pretend to be in love in public, I only did that because I don't want to lose him, Perrie. I really want to tell him that I love him, but I'm so afraid to lose him." Perrie nodded , taking a sip from her latte.
"Look Jadey, you don't have to be so afraid like that I understand, but you have to give yourself a break, you're not afraid of losing him, you're afraid that he might do what Sam has done to you." I nodded, she's right I'm scared because I don't want to be hurt again.