
Harry's P.O.V
My mum opened the door of my room and came to sit down on my bed. I'm so angry at Jade. She didn't mention that her new boyfriend is Sam and she looks so damn happy. I want her to be happy, but not with him.
" Harry, you shouldn't have done that ! "
" She got back to this asshole and I should act like I'm happy ?! Sorry mum, but I'm not an actor and you don't know anything about him. He hurt her and he cheated on her ! And you think that I should be happy !" I tried not to shout, but I did shout . All I'm thinking about is how did she accept to get back to him.
" I didn't know that he cheated on her. Harry I understand how do you feel , but son you have to be patient and wait a little bit longer . I'm sure that you're going to be together one day . " What mum said made me calmer . I really hope that one day we will be together .
" Mum , I'm tired and I'm going to sleep good night ." I pulled the covers over me and closed my eyes . Soon she left the room . I cried again , I'm so in love with her and now she's with another man who doesn't love her and I'm sure that he's using her .I thought for a while until I fell asleep . I woke up at the sound of my phone . Jade was calling me , I powered off my phone and went to sleep again . I decided to ignore Jade for a while maybe I can forget her although it's going to be hard , but I have to try . I'm going to move on and have a good time with my friends . I will work even harder than before to pass the time fast and I will success . I'm sure that I can do it .
" Good morning mum . " I smiled , kissing her cheek .
" I see you in a good mood today . " She smiled widely , handing me a cup of tea .
" Yes , I'm better now because I decided to forget about Jadey . Now I have to leave now . " I took my keys and went to the studio . I turned the radio on and isn't she lovely was on the radio . I mumbled some of the song's lyrics . It reminds me of Jade . I arrived at the studio , we were recording all day , I got few calls from Jade . When I took a break ; I decided to call her .
" Hey Jade , I'm sorry I didn't answer because I'm at work now . How ya doin' ? "
" It's okay , are you busy tonight ? " She asked . I don't feel like I want to hang out tonight . I'm not going to forget her like that . I'm running away from her . I should face her , but when I'm strong enough to face her .
" Yes ,I'm busy . I'm going to celebrate with the boys . " I lied , I don't want to go out with her .
" Oh , okay . I guess I'm going to spend the night with Sam . " I felt angry when she mentioned Sam's name .
" Look Jade I gotta go now , bye . " I hanged up and went to Niall , I told him about what happened yesterday and after that we continued our work.
--------------------------------------
Jade's P.O.V
" Look Jade I gotta go now, bye . " He said coldly then he hanged up . Actually I didn't get back with Sam . I only said that because I thought that Harry liked me so I wanted to make sure that what I'm feeling is right .I went to Harry's house to have a little conversation with Harry's mother .
" Hello Mrs Styles . " I smiled . She let me in . I wanted to talk to her about Harry , now I don't have feelings for Harry . Finally I controlled my feelings , it was hard for me to hide my feelings , but now I don't have this feelings . I'm lying to my self . I still love him .
" Can I talk to you about Harry . " I was a little bit confused at first .
" Sure sweetheart you can tell me anything . "