
"I hope that that person gets away from me and leaves me alone." I said, moving my hand through my hair.
"Don't worry, now get some sleep. We have a lot of work tomorrow." Liam said as he left my room. All I was thinking about was this text and why he/she wanted me get away from Jade? Those blackmailers are mire annoying than the paparazzi. I pulled the covers over my body and drifted to sleep.
__________________________
Jade's P.O.V
The whole day was boring, I went to the studio with the girls and we worked on our new album for hours. Probably now I'm exhausted, I slept quickly due to how tired I am. In the next morning,  I called my mum's friend to know how is my mum now. I booked a flight to Italy and I was leaving today. I didn't tell anyone except Perrie and of course she will tell the rest of the bsnd. I had breakfast and went to the airport.
I tried to hide my look as much as I could because I didn't want to get caught by the fans. I waited for my flight. After few hours; it was the time to leave.
__
In Italy
I arrived in Italy and I was like a lost child, I didn't know any placeto go. I called my mum's friend by using someone's mobile to  pick me up. We went to the hospital and mum was laying on her bed. My eyed teared up when I saw her, I ran to her arms and gave her a tight hug.
"Mum, I really miss you. Tell me what happened to make you come here?" I sobbed into my mum's arms, he moved her hand back and forth on my hair.
"Don't cry sweetie, I miss you more. We were crossing the street when a fast car came towards us and it hit me." I pulled away and sat on a chair next to her bed. This is so bad, I'm very sad about what happened to mum.
"Are you okay now?" I asked, wipping my tears. She nodded. I had to stay with my mum at least for one day so I decided to go back to London tomorrow. I couldn't text or call anyone because I'm in a different place and my mobile line won't work.
Next Day
"Mum I'm going to leave now, see you after few days. Take care of yourself." I hugged my mum tight. I went to the airport and flew all way back to London. When I arrived in London, there was a group of paparazzi walking around me, shouting at me and some of them saying mean things to me. I tried to ignore them as much as I could until I had reached to Perrie's car.
"How is your mum?" Perrie asked as soon as I had entered the car and sat on the passenger seat.
"She's better." Perrie drove us to my house. When we arrived; Harry was standing at my door, moving his hand through his hair. He looked worried.
"Jade! Thank god that you're alive. Are you okay baby?" He hugged me tight, placing a kiss to my head.
"I'm fine, why you look so worried like that?" Perrie was staring at us and smiling.
"Because you weren't answering your phone and when I came to your house, no one was inside so I got worried." He stared into my brown eyes, we kept staring at each other's eyes for a while until Perrie spoke. I forgot about her.
"I'm going to leave now, love birds. Take care of my friend or I'll kill you Styles." Perrie warned him playfully. Perrie left us and we went inside the house. We stayed in silence for until Harry decided to talk.
"Where have you been?"
"I travelled to Italy to see my mum." I replied.