
Ariana p.o.v.
"And cut great show you guys ." The director said after the first episode of Sam and Cat . Of course normal people we'll be be glad to be in the acting career but somehow I'm not satisfied with this career . Sam hugged me and said " Hi what's wrong kid ?" I smiled and answered " Its nothing Jennette just thinking ." "Ooh come on Ari you know you are a terrible lier I know you now tell me what's bothering you ?" " Okay but you might not understand ." I said softly. " Hey I won't judge now piz tell me !!!" Jennette said impatiently ." KK it's just that sometimes I wonder who was I really meant to be , well it's because when I was a little girl I always wanted to be a singer but never thought I'll be an actress known as Cat Valentines." I said in a sad tone well because what If she doesn't get it and What If ..... I trailed of into many thoughts until I heard her answer " Have you ever tried to sing a song in a performance or your old show Victorious ! " Sam said in a quit angry tone . A tear left my eye I knew she wouldn't understand no one well ever understand !
Jennette's p.o.v.
" Have you ever tried to sing a song in a performance or in your old show Victorious !" I said angrily , well because is she trying to tell me that she wants to cancel the show Sam and Cat and just become a singer while I might tell the fans of the show and just tell them this ( SAMs thought ) " UhhI have some important news to say your new favorite show Sam and Cat well have to be CANCELED because somebody that I don't want to say that persons name , um hum cough Cat ,wants to fulfill her dream to be a singer ! Then I just drop the mic and then bow and say "HAVE A GOOD DAY BYE !! ( back to conversation )I snapped out of that thought when I heard crying next to me. Then I turned to see Ari crying well I didn't mean to make her cry " oh Ari I'm so sorry I didn't mean to I just don't want to lose another friend ever since Miranda moved to Italy ,Please Ari I'm sorry I didn't mean to !" I said until she just ran out of the studio but then getting attacked by paparazzi , then heard random questions from like " Um Ari why are you crying !" So I tried to get back to her until she made it out to her car and got her engine running and drove off while I'm hear getting attacked by paparazzi and then getting asked " Do you know why Ariana is crying ?" Then I answered " "That's none of your business and why don't you get these cameras out of my face until I break all of them and throw them at you !!!" They answered " Ooh you are really violent just like in your shows Icarly and Sam and Cat !" I had to answer this " Well you think this is violent wait til I'm done with all your remember is getting your ass kick by me !" I jumped at him while two security gaurds and a police and my managers had to hold me back from getting those paparazzi !!