
"Okay bay, whateva you say." Cindy giggled. " I know ass watching when I see it." They laughed a little harder.
"Why ask me something you already know?" Jazmine defended.
"I wanted to know what you was gon say. This is the first time I caught you ass watching." They laughed harder they laughed until it hurt. Then they sat in a painful silence waiting for the other to speak.
"Cindy, are you still.." Jazmine wasn't able to finish her sentence. Cindy had already knew what she was asking and answered.
"Yes, I am. I still ain't told nobody. I know you wanted me to, but for once jazzy I'm scared. Me C-Murph is scared half to death. I could die Jazmine." Tears brimmed her blue eyes and slipped down her pale white cheeks.
"I know that's why I want you to tell them. They can get you help. I don't want to lose you and you don't want to lose everything you worked hard for." Cindy lowered her head and stared down at her lap. Jazmine watched her and bit her lip. "Cindy, you need to tell them, please I'm begging you. Don't you wanna live long. There is so much you can do. Please I can go with you if you want. I don't mind. Your parents have to know that you are anorexic. " She took her best friends thin fingers from her lap and gave them a light squeeze. Cindy looked up at jazmine, hope swimming in her horrified eyes.
"You will, you promise?" Jazmine nodded.
"I promise." She smiled at Cindy and kissed her cheek to conform her promise. "Now, did you talk to Riley today?" Jazmine questioned her now smiling friend. Trying to change the subject to something she can smile about.
"Hell yea I did. He's ma crush. Jazzy you smarter then that." Cindy joked.
"Well, I still don't understand how you manage to act like you just wanna be friends with him. When I had a crush on Huey, all I would do was act completely obvious. I don't know how you do it." Jazmine shook her head.
"Na, that's because you so girly jazzy. You wanted to hold his hand and hug him and wear those cute skirts. Not me I just keep doing what I do and enjoy ma feelings for da nigga while being ma self." Cindy smiled
"Why don't you just ask him out? I mean it's worth a shot." Jazmine tried to convince her friend. Cindy Blushed.
"Na, I don't wanna ruin our friendship and all, plus I don't wanna tie da nigga down. You know him, always wanna fuck a bitch. Anyway he should ask me. If he don't, then whateva." Jazmine looked at her friend pursing her lips.
"Mkay, alright you don't care if he tapping every ass but yours, you obviously don't give a crap." Jazmine mocked. "Cindy, I know you care. I know you want him so I'm not gonna believe that excuse." Jazmine pushed her friends shoulder. "I'm gonna find out how he feels about you, and if be does like you, you owe me 50 bucks and if he asks you out, you owe me another 50. If I'm wrong I owe you the money, deal?" Jazmine held out her hand for Cindy to shake. She took Jazmine's hand.
"Deal." They shook hands and giggled. "Ight jazzy lets get our asses inside before we late. Plus I think yo boyfriend waiting fo you." She nodded. The two got out the car and headed inside. Huey stood by the entrance waiting for Jazmine and scowling at Cindy. "Calm yo self nigga, I brought yo girl back." She gave Jazmine a shove towards him. She landed in Huey's arms. She pecked his lips and took his hand. The three of them walked to their next class.