
Hey guys its StellaBellaDonna, and obviously in starting a new story. I'm so excited and I hope it actually goes well. The picture is Jazmine. So is the cover, I wasn't sure if I should use a drawing or a real person so, yeah. Well It's not an accurate pic because Jazmine has green eyes but it will do. Plus I like it. There is also a video it isn't exactly like the changed lyrics I have. She changed the lyrics as well, but it will do. Anyway, Thanks for checking it out! Enjoy! Kiss kiss \(*^*)/
"Jazmine." A loud and deep voice said. "Jazmine!" The same voice shouted shaking the orange (blondish brownish) haired teen. "Jazmine!" The light skinned girl quickly shot up looking around. "Yes." She said waking up.
"You fell asleep in class, again." The voice said, clearly annoyed.
"Oh, thanks Huey!" She said in realization. The 16 year old girl took his hand, stood up and walked to her next class, gym. Jazmine DuBois and Huey Freeman, a 16 year old as well, have four out of nine classes together. Ela, gym, lunch and science. Huey is a tall black male. He has an Afro filled with curly hair, and it suits him well. He has beautiful wine colored eyes and nicely shaped eyebrows. His lips were a perfect size and when he smiles it's beautiful, but he hardly ever does.
Besides leaving the class late, the two managed to make it on time to gym. Today there gym class was playing volleyball. She changed out of her nice clothes and put on her gym clothes. It was a shirt that was to small for her, it showed the small of her flat belly when she reached up. The shirt was accompanied by a pair of shorts.
Jazmine has a perfect figure. Her chest is big but not to big, her rear is nice and big, her hips are perfectly wide. She is tall for a girl, her legs are long and toned. Her back has dimples above her butt and her face is a whole different story. She eyes are green and are surrounded by long and beautiful eyelashes. Her lips are pink and plump and her skin is clear. She is very beautiful and won the hearts of many.
Cindy was also in her gym period. She wore an her old basketball jersey, and a matching pair of shorts. Cindy is also tall but a bit shorter then Jazmine, she is very thin but beautiful. She has blond hair that is always in two braids on each of her shoulders. Her lips are thin and pink and her eyes are beautifully blue. Her breasts are and average size and her butt is a little bigger then the average white girl's. The two are the best of friends.
Cindy jumped on Jazmine's back . "Hey Jazzy!" She laughed.
"Hey Cindy." Jazmine said trying to resteady herself. Both girls walked out of the locker room with, Cindy still on Jazmines back, and out onto the volleyball court. The girls were on the same team, so they stood next to each other. While playing the game a ball from another court went astray and sped towards the court Jazmine was on, hitting her rear and bouncing off into the gym. Jazmine hands flew to her butt and she rubbed it. "Ouch, that really hurt. Who hits that hard anyway?" She complained. Cindy on the other hand was laughing up a storm. "Hahahahahahaha, girl you shoulda seen da way dat ass jiggled when da ball hit it. Hahahahahahahahaha!" .
Cindy walked over to Jazmine who was now crouching down and held out her hand. The girl took it and he friend pulled her up. She moved her blond hair out of her face and wiped away the tears that brimmed her ocean blue eyes from laughing too hard. Cindy snickered and Jazmine hit her shoulder but not hard enough to leave a bruise on her pail white skin. Cindy looked around at the boys that were staring at her ass. "Y'all niggas betta stop staring at her ass cause her bae is watching y'all and he ain't so happy bout it." She smirked nodding towards Huey who was glaring holes in the boys. Cindy laughed agin. They all returned to their games out of fear of death by the Freeman.
Class soon ended and the girls returned to there normal clothes. Jazmine wore black jeggings, a white crop-top with a pink T-shirt underneath. She also wore a pair of pink converses and a pair of white hoop earings. Cindy was wearing camouflage pants and a black shirt with "Bad B*tch" printed in white. She wore a snapback that matched her pants and a pair of black Tims.