
"I wasn't." He lies.
"I am sick of the lies and the secrets Ross. Every time I think we are doing so great.."
"I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to keep it a secret, I was just waiting..." Ross' thoughts seem jumbled. I can almost see an internal battle waging behind his hazel brown eyes. His eyes frantically scan the room and his panic worries me.
"I can't keep doing this you know that don't you?" I tell him.
"Yea...I know." He sighs and pulls his lip ring between his teeth and runs his hand through his damp hair.
"Can we go home and talk about this?" Ross asks and I nod.
I follow Ross back to the booths where everyone is seated.
"We're going to go." Ross announces.
"So soon?" Jace smirks. I notice Ross' shoulders tense.
"Yea." Ross answers.
"Back to your apartment?" Crystal asks and I shoot a glare at her. Not now, I silently scream at her.
"Your what?" Lisa cackles. I could have went the rest of my life without seeing her and I would have been content.
"Their apartment, they live together." Crystal says in a sing song voice. I know she is only trying to shove it down Lisa's throat and usually I would applaud her for it, but I am too angry at Ross to focus on Lisa.
"Well...well...well..." Lisa taps her long crimson nails on the table.
"That's very interesting." She says and looks at Ross.
"Lisa..." He warns. I swear I see panic flash across his face.
"You're really taking this whole thing a little far aren't you?" She raises an eyebrow.
"Lisa I swear to god if you don't shut the fuck up..." Ross threatens her.
"What thing? What is he taking too far?" I can't help but ask.
"Laura, go outside." He commands but I ignore him.
"No, what is he taking too far? Tell me!" I yell.
"Wait...you're in on it aren't you?" She laughs and continues, "I knew it! I told Jace you knew but he wouldn't believe me. Ross you owe Noah some big bucks for this." She throws her head back and stands up.
Ross' face is completely pale, all the blood seems to be drawn from his entire body. My head is swimming and I am so confused. I briefly glance at Calum, Derek and Crystal but they are all focused on Ross.
"Knew what?" My voice is shaky. Ross grabs my arm and tries to pull me away but I jerk out of his grip and stand in front of Lisa.
"Don't play stupid with me, I know you know. What did he do? Split the money with you?" She asks.
"Laura..." Ross reaches for my hand and his fingers are ice cold. I jerk away.
"Tell me! What is she talking about!" I yell to him. Tears threaten my eyes and I struggle to swallow down all the emotions running through me.
Ross astounds me by opening his mouth and then closing it again.
"Oh my god, you really don't know? Oh this grand. Everyone pull up a seat!" She mocks.
"Lisa, don't." Crystal says.