
"It wasn't too bad, my body was numb the second I hit the water." He laughs.
My food appears along with Derek's wings and a round of beer's for the three of them.
"You sure you don't want a beer? She won't card you." Calum tells me.
"Oh, no I have to drive. Thanks though."
"So how is your new dorm?" Crystal asks and steals a fry from my plate.
"My what?"
"Your new dorm?" She repeats slowly.
"I don't have a new dorm." Did Ross tell her I moved into another dorm?
"Uh...yea you do because you don't live in mine anymore. All of your stuff was gone and Ross said you changed dorms, that your mom flipped out on you or something." She laughs.
"Ross and I moved into an apartment." I tell them. I don't care how pissed he gets at me I am not going to lie. I am infuriated and embarrassed that he is still hiding our relationship.
"What?" Crystal, Calum, and Derek say at the same time.
"Yea, last week. We moved in together about twenty minutes off of campus." I explain.
All three of them are looking at me as I have grown a second head.
"What?" I ask harshly.
"Nothing...it's just...wow...I don't know. That is just a really huge surprise." Crystal says.
"Why?" I snap. I know it isn't fair to direct my anger towards Crystal when it is meant for Ross but I can't help it.
"I don't know, I just can't picture Ross living with someone, that's all. I didn't know you two were that serious. I wish you would've told me." She frowns.
As I am about to ask her what she means by that Calum and Derek's eyes dart to the door then to me. When I turn around Lisa, Ross and Jace are standing in the doorway. Ross shakes the snow from his hair and wipes his high tops on the straw mat. I turn around quickly with my heart beating out of my chest. There are too many things going on at once, Lisa is with Ross which honestly pisses me off beyond words, Jace is with Ross which confuses the hell out of me, and I just told Ross' friends that we moved in together.
"Laura." Ross' voice is angry from behind me.
I look up at him and his face twisted in anger. He is trying to control it, I can tell but it's about to boil over.
"I need to talk to you." Ross says through clenched teeth.
"Right now?" I squeak.
"Yes. Now." He answers and reaches out to grab my arm.
I quickly climb out of the booth and follow him to the corner of the small bar.
"What the hell are you doing here?" He says quietly, his face inches from mine.
"I came to hang out with Crystal." That's not exactly a lie, but not the truth either.
"Bullshit." He calls me out, he is struggling to keep his voice down and we have drawn the attention of more than a few patrons.
"Well you need to go." He tells me.
"Excuse me?" I steal one of his famous lines.
"You need to go home."
"Home where? Back to my new dorm?" I challenge.
The color drains from his face.
"I told them. I told them that we live together, how could you not tell them? Do you know how stupid that makes me look? I thought we were past you trying to keep me a secret."