
It's finally time! Well you guys I'm super excited to introduce Immortal Affliction to you all! I'm actually really proud of the effort I've been putting into this so I hope you all like it! Tell me what you think loves! You guys are the best! Love, Sami <3
Chapter One:
Harry's POV:
"Happy new year!", me and my three favorite people cheered as we watched the ball drop and the fireworks shoot up into the air.
I kissed Zayn for quite a while before Louis rolled his eyes and groaned, "Could you two go get a room or something?"
I pulled away from my extremely pale yet beautiful boyfriend and laughed, "Sorry Louis. I think I might just be a little tipsy."
We were all huddled up at our beach house drinking champagne and talking about how fast the past year had gone by. Of course Zayn, Louis and Niall couldn't really get drunk but I on the other hand was far more than capable of doing so.
Zayn smiled, "Maybe you should go to bed darling. I don't want you to be too hung over in the morning. You said that you wanted to go out shopping."
I sighed, "I'm ok Zayn. I just want to stay up with you guys and have a good time. It's not fair that you all never sleep and you try to put me in bed so early all of the time." I crossed my arms and pouted.
I knew Zayn knew that I was just messing around but much to my delight he scooted closer to me on the couch and planted a gentle kiss on the top of my head, "Fine. You can stay up. I'm just trying to look out for you."
"I know. And that's why I love you!" I smiled and pecked him on the lips making him smile in return.
Louis groaned again, "Seriously guys! You're so gross and corny! It's disgusting!"
Niall hugged Louis, "Don't be so grumpy mister. Maybe you should be more like they are. Zayn is always doing romantic things for Harry."
"What? I don't do romantic things for you?"
Niall gave Louis a skeptical look, "Did you really just ask that?"
Louis stood up and put his hands on his hips, "Hey! I do romantic things! Just yesterday I went out and killed a posh woman in a Porsche for you!"
My smile faded and I shuddered at the thought of Louis killing a person and Niall draining the blood from its lifeless body. I still wasn't quite used to that part of this life.
Zayn noticed my discomfort and leaned down to whisper in my ear while Niall and Louis still fought about romanticism in the background, "Come outside with me."
I nodded and quickly sighed when Zayn was already out the door in a flash (literally). I stood up from the couch and walked out of the back door where I saw Pyro and Mavis (our dog and cat) rolling around in the cool beach sand. I smiled at the two then made my way over to where Zayn was standing by the edge of the water.
"It wouldn't kill you to walk at a human's pace you know."
I came up behind him and rested my head on his shoulder as he chuckled, "Sorry love. I'm still not used to the slowness of your kind."
"You know you were human once too. It's not like I'm the weird one in this relationship. My kind is all over this world. Way more of us than there are of you."
He nodded, "True. But we could always destroy the lot of you if we really wanted to." As I was about to respond he cut me off, "I know love. You don't like me talking about destroying human kind."
I laughed, "You know me so well."