
He turned around to face me before wrapping his strong arms around my waist, "This has been one of the best years of my life."
"Mine too Zaynie."
He snickered, "Well that's hardly anything compared to the time I've spent alive."
"Maybe.", I shrugged. "But I still cherish it."
We stood in silence for a little while just enjoying each other's presence and admiring the fact that we both had someone that we loved so much. I reached up to play with the tiny glass vial hanging from the long chain on my neck. No matter what I was doing I never took it off. It was a symbol of our love and I knew that it meant a lot to Zayn. It meant that we were soul mates. And it meant that we would never be alone as long as we were alive (or undead in Zayn's case).
I snuggled closer into Zayn's chest and sighed happily, "I don't care if you're a cold creature of the night. You're so damn cuddly."
He laughed, "Do you always have to refer to me as that? I don't make fun of your wimpy human muscles or your love of pizza."
"True. But you do make fun of how much I eat."
He kissed me, "Well you eat more than anyone I've ever known. I don't think eating pizza all of the time is the best thing for your body."
"Well to me feasting on raw meat isn't good for your body so I think we can just agree to disagree on this argument."
"Touché" We both laughed a bit then Zayn backed up a step to look into my eyes, "You know you have the most beautiful eyes in the whole world. They're so beautiful."
I blushed and looked down at the sand but Zayn pulled my gaze back up to his. I shook my head and he looked confused, "What?"
"I just can't believe that you're standing in front of me. Like how did I get so lucky?"
He shrugged, "You just looked delicious." I gently hit him on the arm and he smiled, "Well it's true. You were the most succulent thing I had seen in a very long time."
"I should've been the most succulent thing that you've ever seen."
He pulled me in for a quick hug, "Don't worry love. You're the only one that I want."
Zayn picked me up and sat on the ground setting me on his lap. I still would never understand how he was so strong whether he was a vampire or not. It just baffled me that he could lift anything without breaking a sweat.
"Harry. I need to ask you something."
I looked back at him, "Anything, love."
"Well we've officially been soul mates for a year now and I know that this isn't something that I ever planned on doing but I know it's what you've been wanting."
My eyes went wide, "Are we gonna have sex?!"
Zayn nervously shook his head, "No. You know that we can't do that."
I sighed, "I know. Sorry. Go on."
"Well..." He fumbled in his coat pocket, "Close your eyes. I did as I was told and only seconds later he told me to open them again.
I looked down at his hands where a little box was resting. He motioned for me to take it so I hesitantly reached for it and opened it slowly revealing a gold ring.
"Harry. Will you marry me?"
"What?!" I shot up from my spot on his lap. "Is that even a legit question?!"