
Melissa's pov So let me start by telling you about myself. I'm 19, I live in California, I live with my mom dad and brother, I'm 5'3, I have long brown hair, I Have anxiety really bad, And I dropped out of high school my senior year.
"Get up" yells my mom "I don't want to" I reply "We're going to the beach so get your lazy ass up" she yells at the top of her lungs"Fine calm down" I say finally agreeing to get up and get ready*at the beach*"Go look for a spot while we get everything out of the car" said my mom "Ok" I said agreeingAs I was walking I ran into some one "I'm so sorry" I said "It's fine" said the person I ran into When I looked up to see who it was I was so shocked"Oh my GOD your Kian Lawley" I was finally able stay "That would be me" said Kian "Can I have a picture with you" I asked"Of course" Kian said "Thank you and sorry for running into you again but I have to get back to my mom" I say As I was walking back I heard Kian yell wait I didn't get your name "I'm Melissa" I reply to him a few seconds later "Can I have your number",asks Kian "Of course" I reply giving him my number"But, I really must get going now but I'll text you soon" I say *after the beach* When I get home I go up to my room and decide to text Kian. (k= Kian m=Melissa) M- hey Kian its Melissa K- oh hey Melissa I was wondering would you like to hang out tomorrow?M- yeah sure what time?K- around 3?M- yeah that sounds great I'll see you then bye Kian K- bye Melissa *the next day* When I wake up it's already 12:00. I get up and eat some breakfast and take a shower. After I take a shower I get dressed in a crop top that says it's my day off and some bleached denim shorts with black vans. I put my hair into a fish tail braid and I decide to only wear some mascara. at 2:45 I get a text from Kian asking if I had a penny board. I replied saying and did and he told me to bring when he picked me up. 15 minutes later there's a knock at my door and its Kian. I grab my penny board and tell my mom I'm leaving and she told me to have fun. Kian and I decided to penny board to Starbucks. When we get to Starbucks we order and he insists that he pays, so I agree. After Starbucks he takes me home and when we get to the front door and he starts to lean in and so I started to lean in to, next thing I know me and Kian are making out. After about 2 minutes we finally pull away and Kian says he needs to ask me something. I start to get nervous and Kian noticed this and tells me to relax. W will you go out with me Melissa Kian asks while stuttering. I was shocked and didn't know what to say. Kian starts to say I'm sorry I shouldn't have done that and keeps rambling on, but I just lean up and kissed him to shut him up. he kisses me back and says can I take that as a yes? Of course I'll go out with you Kian I reply. Oh my god I'm dating Kian Lawley I thought to myself. what is everyone going to think about this?Authors note sorry this is really short it's my first time writing on wattpad, but the parts will get longer and a lot more characters will be introduced