
Basically Troye and Tyler are together and are having a baby.
(Warning) Mpreg, Sex, Mpreg birth in later if I continue this.
Okay that's it on with the story.
-----_-----_-------_-------_-----_-----
I sigh as I slowly came down the stairs, my hands securely around my five month  old belly.
As I walked down the stairs, my ankles started to ache...god, I was starting to hate these stairs.
I slowly walked into the kitchen to see Troye cooking breakfast back faced to me.
I walked over and sat down at the table giving my legs a rest, I grab my phone out my sweats going threw twitter witch was blowing up nowadays since I had came out saying I was pregnant.
I answer a few tweets and ingnored some mean ones before I felt a kiss on my cheek before a plate was sat in front of me.
"Thanks baby" I said looking down at my plate.
"Not craving anything else" he asked his green eyes sparkling with concern.
I shake my head giving him a small smile before digging into my food.
Witch was two omlets covered in ketchup as crazy as it sounds that's what the baby wanted.
After I was done we cuddled on the couch and negative thoughts started to pour into my mind as we watched Family guy.
"Troye"? I asked in between his legs on the couch his light hands on my stomach.
"Yes babe"? He said behind me.
"Do-Do you think I'm fat" I studderd out.
I feel him peck the back of my neck
"Of course not tyler, why would you think that" he asked his deep voice leaking into my ear making me weak.
"You shearching Twitter again" he asked concerned then rubbed my visbal baby bumb in soft angelic patterns.
"No,just thinking" I said with a sigh
We were in bed when I had my first break down in the pregnancy.
Were in the bed and it was about 11:46 and I was getting cranky.
I was writing my new Script for a new YouTube project on my laptop and I was on my fourteenth page out off sixtyseven.
And Troye had already told me to rest about an hour ago before he had went to sleep.
I scratch the back of my neck before going back to my laptop.
I was almost done with a sentence when I pushed the computer off my lap slamming it shut before bursting into tears witch made Troye wake up, I start crying harder when I realized that I woke him up.
God I was such a fucking cry baby, I cover my face.
I feel a shift in the bed and thin arms wrap around my waist, his hot breath on my neck soothing me.
"What's wrong baby"? He asked his chin on my shoulders.
I suck in sob wipping my eyes.
"Its nothing sorry I woke you up" I said leaning into his embrace.