
'Turn around and you will seeA figure in the distance, that's meWaiting, waiting, for you...' I hummed, zipping up my hood and opening the front door.
'Whoah there Carson, you can't go out now. Don't you remember?' Mrs Bitch grabbed me. No, her real name is not Mrs Bitch. If you figured that out yourself, wow! You're a fricken genius.
'Why the fuck not?' I spat. If I wanted to go on a walk, no one could stop me.
'A, because you're grounded-' she started but I cut her off before she could go any further.
'What is it for this time? Not brushing my teeth?' I scoffed, giving her the middle finger and reopening the door.
'And b, don't you want to meet Taylor Swift? Remember she's coming to sing for us!' Mrs Bitch added, knowing perfectly well I didn't give a shit. I completely ignored her now and walked out the door.
Well, my name is Carson Hudson, and I'm fourteen. Tip for y'all- don't try saying my name thirty times fast. You just tried it, didn't you. Yeah, it's a tongue twister, I've heard that before. I've heard it all before.
Anyways, I live in an orphanage, that dying breed of institutions. It's okay here. Everyone hates me here, but that's okay cause I hate everyone too. Whatever. And as you've probably been able to tell by now, I have an attitude problem. A major one.
So where was I? Oh yeah, when I walked out the door. I didn't get far, because I kinda collided with something. A person. A popstar, actually, if you can call them people. I think most people wouldn't. But trust me, they hurt just as much to collide into as anyone else.
See? Celebrities really are just like us!
Enough with the gushing. Ew. Anyway, I picked myself up and brushed myself off.
'I'm so sorry! Are you okay?' Taylor squealed. And no, I am not exaggerating. That was a squeal. My ears were ringing for a while afterwards.
'Fucking fantastic, thanks.' I said perhaps a little rudely. Okay, that was rude. Kill me now. I started just walking off but she grabbed ahold of me.  What is with people grabbing me today?
'Wait, do you live here?' she asked, and I discovered to my surprise her voice was relatively normal. The squeal must've been a one off. I nodded impatiently and made a motion to go.
'But I'm singing for y'all there! Why are you leaving?' she frowned, and I gave her my best creepy grin.
'Cause I was going for a walk. Now if you could please FUCKING LET GO OF ME and let me continue, that would me lovely.' I bellowed in the middle making her jump and let go. I started running off, turning around to give a little wave once I was halfway down the street. She looked a little dazed, and to be honest I didn't blame her.
I have that effect on a lot of people.
:
:
:
:
:I just wrote a short chapter cause I want to see if there's an interest. If you want to see the story continue,  please vote or comment.