
"Woah, you're Liam's sister?" Harry asks handing his pictures over and following me out the door. Liam Payne, my brother, was the ideal stoner. He's not anymore though. I haven't talked to him since last year. We haven't seen each other on campus or had anything to discuss. I love him to death though. I should make an opposition to talk to him soon.
"Yes." I sigh and spin around to him. "Is that a problem?"
"No! Not at all." He says fixing his bag. "He used to go to the parties until him and Sophia hooked up. Now they're like all goody two shoes and whatever."
"Oh." Liam is a senior at NYU and I'm a freshman. Curiosity strikes me and I wonder how old Harry really is. "Harry?"
"Mm?" He puts a hand on my lower back and leads me to the front doors of the college.
"How old are you?"
"Twenty-one." He says and pulls his glasses off. He opens the door and we walk outside. I nod and we walk along the pathway.
"Can you see without your glasses on?"
"They're reading glasses, I can still see, why are you so worried about my eye sight?" He smiles and looks down at me. I roll my eyes and decide not to answer his question. We walk in comfortable silence towards my dorm. "Hey so.. Do you want to maybe go with me to town and get some pictures?"
"Yeah sure." I say crossing my arms over my chest. "What time should I meet you there?"
"I'll pick you up at noon, we can get lunch then head to town."
"Okay yeah, thanks."
"No thank you." We stop outside of the entrance and bid goodbyes. Then I head upstairs to my dorm and enter my room. Sammy sits on her bed scrolling through her phone. "Hey doll."
"Hey how's school?" She asks looking up briefly. I set my bag down and sigh.
"Good." She glares at me then sits up straighter. "What?"
"Who's the boy?"
"There's no boy." I say taking my shoes off and sitting on my bed. I pull my jeans off and shirt off leaving me in a white bra and panties. It's crazy how she can pick these things out!
"You're lying." I pull on cotton shorts and a t-shirt.
"Nope." I pop the p. I grab Divergent off my night stand and flip open to my marked place.
"Cmon tell me!"
"There's no one." I glance up at her and she pouts. She throws her brown hair over her shoulder and groans.
"Whatever." She says laying down. "Can we order pizza?"
"I don't care. You're paying."
"Fine." She orders two medium pizzas from Little Caesars that's right down the street. She gets one pepperoni and one with everything. After about ten minutes, there's a knock at the door and she open it. "Thanks." She hands the boy a twenty and shuts the doors. "Bon appetite." She sets the boxes down at the end of my bed and I close my book. This makes for a peaceful rest of the night.
<><><><><><><><><><><><><>
first chapter omg!!!
I'm actually really proud of this book and I'm really excited to post the rest of the chapters :)