
"Yeah, are you sure your girlfriend wouldn't mind?" I ask moving my bag out of the way so he can sit down.
"I don't think so." He chuckles brings out his laptop. "So I never caught your name."
"Alexa." I say and he smiles.
"I like it."
"What my name?"
"Yes." I blush and look back down at my laptop. "You like photography?" My head snaps up and his eye brows raise.
"What?"
"You like photography right? You have a camera bag and you're in my photography class." He smiles and I sigh loudly. "What's so wrong about me knowing you like photography?"
"You're popular and I'm not and enjoying something so much makes me a geek." I say and shut my laptop off. I take another sip of my strawberry smoothie. "Please don't say anything to anyone... The only people who know are Sammy and my brother."
"I won't, if you don't say anything about me and my camera." I nod and hold my pinky out. We connect pinkies. "Maybe we can go take pictures together."
"Yeah totally." I smile and look down at my watch. Twenty minutes until class starts. "So what do you like to take pictures of?"
"Scenery and sometimes people." He says and I smile. He smiles as we'll and his lip ring moves making it glimmer. The silver suddenly becomes very interesting. My eyes travel around his face. His curly hair springs out in different directions but comes together into a quiff. The Panera door swings open and Harry glances back. He spins back around quickly removing his glasses and pretending to be busy on his laptop. He runs his fingers through his hair as a boy makes his way over to us.
"Hey man." Him and Harry do a little bro hug thing. "I'm Louis." The boy says smiling at me. I smile back and grab my bag.
"I'm Alexa. I should get going." I take another bite of my bagel then wrap it with a napkin. "See you." I say standing up and slinging my bag over my shoulder along with my camera bag. I pick up my strawberry smoothie then head out not breaking contact with the ground.
I sit at an empty seat in the back of the classroom and take out the homework assigned to us a week ago. Five unedited pictures of nature. Sunlight should be used as natural lighting and no filters obviously. I'm late today as I talked to Harry for a while. Well I'm not late, I arrived right before the bell should ring. Usually I arrive ten minutes before the bell rings so I can check over my assignments. I finish my bagel and take another sip of my strawberry smoothie. I look up just as Harry walks in.
"Jesus Christ." I mutter under my breath while rolling my eyes. Harry's eyes land on me and he makes his way up the stairs. "What do you want?"
"Wow, feisty yeah?" He smirks sitting down next to me. His glasses are now on and his hair is fixed.
"Shut up." I turn towards him and he raises an eye brow. "You know that you shouldn't change for your friends. Be who you want to be." I say and he looks down. "Do you even need your glasses?"
"I guess that's for me to know and for you to find out." He sings looking up. I roll my eyes and the bell rings. I face the professor and he starts his lesson. Throughout his lesson about different changes in lighting, Harrys foot kicks mine. I ignore him and continue to write notes.
"Today's homework, over the course of two weeks, I want twenty pictures of people. Random people or people you know, using natural lighting and whatever filter you'd like. No acne fixing or slimming though." I write the homework into my planner and pack up as the bell rings. "Have a good day kids. Hand me your pictures on the way out." I make my way down the steps with Harry on my heels. "Thank you Mrs. Payne."