
"Oh c'mon! It's just a party!" Sammy exclaims searching through her closet. She pulls out a pink crop top and ripped jean shorts.
"A party with a bunch of older kids. Maybe even drugs and alcohol." I say not looking away from my book. I've been really into the Divergent series lately.
"It's not a party without older boys, drugs and alcohol." She chucks a blue Destin Florida t-shirt at me and my black jean shorts. "Get dressed, do your hair and let's go." I continue reading my book. "I'm going to throw your fucking book across the room." She says smiling like an idiot. I groan and shove my pink strawberry book mark into the crease of my book.
"Plug in my straightener." I say setting my book on my nightstand. She squeals and does as she's told. I get dressed then take my glasses off and put in my contacts. I straighten my hair while Sammy applies makeup to her flawless face. It takes me about twenty minutes to get my hair pin straight as my hair is naturally curly. "Ready?" I ask.
"You need some make up, come here." She says holding out eye liner.
"I have on mascara though."
"Shut up and let me put eyeliner on you." She says. I step closer to her and she holds my head still while applying a thick line of eye liner. "I hate you."
"Why?" I ask when she finishes.
"You have such long thick eyelashes I'm jealous." I chuckle and bat my eyes. "Let's go you whore." I gasp and slap her arm.
We exit the dorms and head to Sammy's car. I sit in the passengers and open the glove compartment. I grab her Ellie Goulding cd and shove it in. I sing along to the lyrics while she drives to God knows where. I hope we don't get lost. After a while, she pulls into a neighborhood of frat houses? Oh no no.
"Are you sure we're invited?" I ask glancing out the window. She pulls into the drive way of a light blue with white trim house and I bite the inside of my cheek.
"Of course silly!" We get out and I follow her to the front door. Loud music booms and it rattles my chest. The sun is just starting to set which calls for a gorgeous sun set. Gosh I wish I had my camera with me! I don't want to take out my phone though and be seen geeking out. Not many people are into photography as much as I am. Sammy raises her hand to knock but ends up pushing the door open. "Cmon! Let's go get a drink!" She grabs my hand and begins to find the kitchen. Friendly people greet us and I smile nicely at them.
"Samantha!" Someone shouts and we spin around. A blonde girl pushes through the crowd and embraces my best friend in a hug.
"Hey Chloe!" Sammy says and hugs her back. The girl, Chloe pulls away and smiles at me.
"It's nice to meet you finally! Sam has told me about you!" Chloe says towering over me. I look down at her feet to see she's wearing what looks like five inch heals.
"I hope good things." I smile meeting her eyes again. She's very pretty. Blonde shoulder length hair and big brown eyes. She's extremely skinny and wears some what covering clothes. She seems really nice.
"All good things." She chuckles and grabs two beers off the counter. "Here you go." She smoothly pops the caps off and hands the drinks to us. "I want you two to meet some of my friends! C'mon!" She shouts over the music playing. Sammy takes a sip of her beer and I set mine back down on the counter. We follow Chloe to what looks like the living room and she suddenly stops. I look around to my surrounds and roll my eyes towards the couple making out on the couch. I want to shout "get a room" but I have a feeling I should keep my mouth shut. "This is Ariana and Perrie." She points to the dark haired girl which must be Ariana and Perrie who has a nose ring. I've always wanted one.