
"Nice to meet you." I shake their hands politely and they both smile towards us. "Did it hurt when you got your nose pierced?" I ask starting a conversation with Perrie.
"No not at all! I mean it was sore but not excruciating." I nod and she takes a sip out of the red cup. "Why are you thinking of getting one?"
"Maybe." She smiles.
"I'd totally go with you. What's your number?" She asks me pulling out her phone. I give her my number and she types it in. "Cool."
"I love your hair!" Ariana says pulling at a strand of mine. "Is it naturally straight?"
"No curly." I say.
"It's so long!" She must be tipsy. "Almost down to your butt." I nod and she takes another sip of her drink.
"This is my brother Niall." Chloe says and Niall shakes my hand.
"Hi." I grin towards him and he returns the smile. He's a cutie. Black jeans fit his lean legs and a red flannel rests upon his shoulders. His blonde hair is styled messily. He's extremely attractive. I catch Sammy's eyes lingering over him for a while and I chuckle.
"And this is my boyfriend Harry." My eyes meet his green orbs and I melt instantly. Boyfriend did she say?
"Hello." His British accent cuts through me like a knife. He holds out his hand and I shake it.
"Nice to meet you." I say and he smiles. His lip ring stretching with his lips. Tattoos cover his left arm and he has only one his right. I see a few tattoos peaking out from the top of his black v-neck. He has thick curly brown locks and towers over me but who doesn't? Chloe kisses his cheek and I see a glimmer of disgust in his eyes as he watches me intently. My heart beats a billion times a second and I can't seem to pull my eyes away from his. He seems extremely familiar but I can't put a finger on it.
For the next hour, I watch Sammy down three shots and four beers. She's wasted as she stumbles toward me.
"Why aren't you having fun!?" She shouts, her eyes blood shot. She stumbles and tries to lean against the counter smoothly.
"I am having fun. I'm just tired." I say and catch Harrys eyes. He's watching me while his wasted girlfriend kisses all over him. "I think we should go, we have school tomorrow and I don't think you should be here any longer." She doesn't argue with me so I take that as a yes. "Let's go." I grab her vans off the counter and grab her hand. I pull her through the crowd and towards the door. My shoulder bumps Harrys arm on the way out and I mutter a sorry. After I get Sammy in the car and drive back to the dorms, I wait until she's asleep before I go to bed myself.
The next morning, I wake up early so I can take a quick shower. I braid my hair back into a loose French braid, apply some mascara and put my glasses on. I change into jeans which I roll up to my mid shin and a light pink button up. I slip on my white converse and grab my brown sling bag. "Bye Sammy." I whisper and she waves a tired hand at me.
On my way to NYU, the college I attend, I stop at Panera and get my usual. A strawberry smoothie and a cinnamon bagel. Once I get my food, I sit at a little table in the corner. I take my laptop out and open up IPhoto.
"Hi." I look up from my laptop to see the boy, Harry. He looks different, a good different. He definitely is not hung over and looks very cleaned up. Black glasses sit upon his nose just like mine. I now notice the eye brow piercing in his left eye brow.
"Hi, you're Harry right?" He nods and points to the seat across from me.
"May I?"