
Rich had the finest clothes, he had a sports car and a mansion.
Penny had homemade clothes, she had a bike and an old little apartment.
Rich had alot of money, he could have anything he wanted.
Penny could only afford the essentials, food, water, and bills.
Rich isn't who you think he is though. Neither is Penny.
Rich was very sad, even though he had everything he could ask for.
Penny was very cheerful, she had what she needed.
One day Rich was sick of his money, he thought that it was the root of his problem.
That same day Penny was in the park, enjoying herself with her kids.
Rich ran up to her, and through the money at her feet, "Here take this evil paper! It is doing me nothing but bad
Penny picked up the $1,000,000.
Rich went home, and tried to think of things to do besides cut his money all day.
Penny went home, and treated her three children to a fine dinner with the new money.
Rich went mad, he couldn't pay his butler, his maid stopped coming, and no one talked to him now that he was broke.
Penny was still as happy as ever, she used the money to pay off her debts, stock up on food, and start a college fund for her children.
Rich went back to the park, he had to find the woman he gave the money to.
Penny regularly visited the park with her kids, to give them a break.
Rich went up to the woman, "How have you not become mad with the money?! It is the most evil thing in the world!"
Penny smiled, "Dear sir, the money is not evil, your use of it is. If you had used the money for only the things you need you would have been fine."
Rich scoffed and walked away. He had heard enough from the woman.
~10 years later~
Penny heard the doorbell and answered sweetly, "Yes, can I help you sir?"
The man coughed slightly, "You were right. My money was not evil, I was."
Penny smiled and handed the man an envelope, then shut the door.
The man looked in the envelope and saw $1,000,000 inside.
Rich said to himself, "The money is not evil, I am."
*A/N- Don't ask,I don't know. The moral of this tory is not to let money go to your head, I suppose. Don't ask, it's late and I'm writing this off the top of my head.*