
She looks over the railing of the bridge. She stares at the fast-moving, cold, unforgiving, river. It suprisingly doesn't scare her. The water almost gives her comfort. She climbs over the barrier. The girl can hear the people behind her. The bystanders telling her not to jump.
Her eyes fixate on the water below. She knows if she lets go of the railing, the river will swallow her whole. By that twisted thought, she smiles. A weak, sad, pain filled, smile.
She then looks at her wrists, more specifically the new cuts. The girl watches as the blood gushes out of her wrist, and into the water. The blood pollutes the rapids such as the dark thoughts of suicide pollute the young woman's mind.
Again, she brings her eyes back to the river. But now the water doesn't give her so much pleasure, as it begins to bring her  pain.
The girl thinks of her mother and father, the grief they would have if their little girl was gone. She thinks of her baby sister, the crying she would do if her big sisternly never came home again. She starts to think of her older brother, the agony he would have because his little sis was in a coffin. She thinks of her boyfriend, the guilt he would have if she took her life the day that they had fought. The girl thinks of the screaming that would come from her best friend if she committed suicide.
Then the girl's mind finally fell to herself. She thinks, is this really how she wants her life to end, at the mercy of the freezing river? She wants to end her pain, but not her life. The girl realizes that she can't go through with the act of suicide.
Before she goes back over the barricade, the girl lets one fighting tear escape from her eye. The tear cascades down her cheek, then falls from her face. It falls through the atmosphere and goes into the water. The girl says to herself, "That tear could have been me. I could have been the one washed away by those waves. But I wasn't, the tear was the one who was washed away. If only that one tear could have been saved."