
Self harm is a silent addiction- Anonymous
People say that where there's life there's hope, and I have no quarrel with that, but I also believe the reverse. There is hope, therefore I live.- Stephen King
The bravest thing I ever did was continuing my life when I wanted to die.- Juliette Lewis
I need... thinner legs, a flatter stomach, longer hair, whiter teeth, softer skin, a prettier face, more friends. But most of all... a higher self esteem.-Anonymous
Not all scars show, not all wounds heal. Often we don't see the pain someone feels.- Anonymous
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will rip my skin apart.- Anonymous
Every thought is a battle, every breath a war. And I'm afraid to say, I don't think I'm winning anymore.- Anonymous
Sometimes the person who's there for everyone else, needs someone to be there for them.- Anonymous
I like to be alone but I hate being lonely.- Anonymous
I wear my self harm scars proudly. They represent the battles through which I have gone, and I am proud because those battles are something I have won.- Anonymous
How will you know I am hurting, if you cannot see my pain? To wear it on my body tells what words cannot explain.- C. Blount
The lines on my wrists are there to prove that I exist.- Anonymous
Life is a gift, Death is a wish- Anonymous
I didn't want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that's really sad. It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare, you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.- Ned Vizzini
I am constantly torn between killing myself and everyone around me.- David Levithan
Suicide is not cowardly, you know what's cowardly, driving someone to the point of wanting to kill themselves.- Anonymous
When you're different, sometimes you don't see the millions of people who accept you for what you are. All you notice is the one person who doesn't.- Jodi Picoult
Let me tell you this:
Of you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it's not because they enjoy solitude. It's because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them.- Jodi Picoult
Could we pretend that airplanes in the night sky is like shooting stars, I could really use a wish right now.- Hayley Williams
Everything is a theory, God is a theory, the big bang is a theory, we are one big theory. But you have to believe in something or life is simply not worth living. We are not just here for nothing because nothing is never nothing it's always something.- Erica Finnerty
None of these were by me, the Anonymous ones are from pictures I got off the internet