
Jassiah POV
I saw Chynah leaving out the house and this light skinned lady hugged her. I'm guessing that's their mom but she looks to young to be they mama. I came and got out to open the door for Chynah. Hayyy she says. Wassup ma I say we gave each other a hug. She looked good asl fr. Then I saw her blinds moving in her house tf. Ummmm y yo blinds moving I asked her. Ohhh my bad I'm sorry that's most likely my nosey ass mom and Shay ass watching us she says. I laughed wow. I opened the door for her and she said thanks then got in. I walked back around to the drivers seat, got in then buckled my seatbelt. I started the ignition then pulled off. So what was that all about I said laughing. Well my ma nem think we gotta thing going on she says, I laughed. I wish we did have a thang if u ask me I thought to myself. Like I neva felt this way about a girl, is it wrong for a thug to be in love? People think of us as niggas who just hit it then quit it, I guess they expect that from thugs, but with Chynah its different. Aw I say laughing. Yea they are a hot mess my mom really wanted to meet u because twin told her about u she says. Aw well I don't mind going to meet her I say. Nahhh cuz my mom is too dramatic she says. I laughed and said she doesn't even look old enough to be y'all mom's she look like she in her 20's I say. Yea everyone says that she says and in plus she works out and get on a diet sometimes to keep her body lookin good like that. That's wassup I say but now I see where u get yo skin color from and your looks, your mom looks Korean I tell her. She laughed and said me and my mom look alike she says lookin shocked. Yea I say u both are light skinned and are very beautiful I say. She started to blush. Thanks and really she says I never heard any boy call me beautiful before. I don't know why you should here people calling you beautiful everyday cuz u really are. Thanks Siah she says flashing her eyelashes looking at me then blushing.
***********************
We walked in to find our seats inside the theatre. We was about to see beyond the lights. We sat down next to each other. The movie started and it was aight ig. We was now halfway through the movies and Chynah layed her head on my shoulder. This was my moment to wrap my arm around her and I did. She looked up at me then turned back around to the movie.1hr and a 1/2 later
So did u enjoy the movie I asked her. Yea I liked it she said smiling shyly. We was pulling up to the restaurant. Then once I parked we got out. We walked inside DiCaprio's restaurant(a fake restaurant I made up). Hello the lady at the front desk said. Hi we would like a table for 2 I say. She smiled and said right this way. She led us to this table by the window. Thank you we both say. No problem she says well be right with you, then she walks away. I started looking through the menu and so did Nay. So what you gettin I asked her. Ummm Im just gon get some ribs she says. Aw that's coo I say still scanning the menu. Excuse are you guys ready to order the waitress asked. She was good looking thoe no lie. Yea she will take the riblet meal, I'll take the same with some French fries I say. What type of beverage would you like she asked. I'll take sprite Chynah says. And I will take coca cola I say. Alright will that be all the waitress says. Yepp I say. OK she winked at me then walked away. What was all dat about Chynah says with one eyebrow raised. Shii ion know she just winked at me I'm confused myself I say. Wow she says then laughs. Sooooo I say trying to start up a convo. Ummm she says. I laughed so why don't u have a boyfriend I asked. I don't know why that question just came out of my mouth. Well its to many fools out here who just wanna hit it and quit it and I need a committed man she says and I know that's what boys mainly want from girls. Correction I say not all boys some boys, we all are not alike I tell her. I know but I guess I'm just looking for the right one she says. Aw I getchu I say. So what about u she says. Wat about me I say. How come u don have a girlfriend she says. Well u kno its to many thots out here that's not committed and would been and messed around and did it to yo whole team or squad I say I just want a pretty lookin female that just likes to chill, ion want no nag now I say. We both laughed. True she says. Then the waitress came and brung us our food. Here you go she says sitting the food down. Thank you we both say. She said let me know if u need anything then walked away. We got our food then start smashing. Then Chynah started to laugh. I was clueless. Wats so funny I ask her. U she says u got barbecue sauce all on your face. Aw really so u wasn't gon tell me u was gon just laugh at me I asked her. Noooo don't u kno me betta den dat I was gon tell u she says smirking. Mmhhm I say. Once we were done and full we took a to go box. Here go the bill our waitress said. It said $26.78 this was cheep I didn't have change I had mostly all bills so I gave the waitress 2 $20 bills, she was about to give me change but I told her to keep it. Cuz ion carry no singles nor change just bills. She looked happy asl. As we was about to walk out the waitress whispered to me and said call me. Then I looked and it was her number written on the receipt. Chynah laughed and said I see u trying to Mac. I laughed I'm not trying I'm already a mac with no hesitation I say. Oh really she says. Yepp I say. We walked to the jag then got in. I'm thinking about buying me a Rolls Royce. We just listened to music for the ride. When we pulled up to her crib I parked the car. Thanks Nay for coming to kick it with me I really had a good time witchu I told her. No problem I had fun with u to Siah she says shyly. Well I hope we can hang out again I say. That will be perfect she says showing her perfect teeth. Then we got out the car I walked over on the sidewalk and gave her a hug. Our hug lasted long too. Then as we pulled away I felt a spark I can tell she felt it too because the way she looked at me. Then I saw her blinds moving. Ugggh If they asses don stop bein nosey she says as she pulled away. I got back in my car as she walked to her porch. She unlocked her door and waved goodbye to me. Then I pulled off