
Jassiah POVToday was the big day, me escorting Nay to Prom. I adjusted my bow tie then looked in the mirror. I checked myself out and I looked fresh to death. I had on my gold suit wit my gold shiny blue bow tie. I had a fresh haircut in erthang. I got my linin trimmed up and the sides, then had my part on the side. I put in my 50K studs dem bitches had a whole bunch of ice. I grabbed my car keys and walked downstairs. Mama was already downstairs wit da camera. OHHH MY BABYYYY!!! my ma said in excitement. I laughed then said calm down. I can't believe my baby's going on prom you look soooo handsome. Thanks ma I said. JEREMI BRING YA ASS OUT HERE my ma yelled. Wat, twin said. Look at your brother doesn't he look so handsome. Ma dats gay to say anotha boii handsome, twin said buhh bro look flee he said putting his arm round me. Mama shook ha head and said lemme take a pic of y'all. We stood by each other and twin put his arm on my shoulder and I did da same. OK OK na move Jeremiah dis is not bout chu she said shoeing him out of the way, u cudve been going on prom if u wouldn't have knocked nobody up, twin just shrugged. OK come on y'all we riding in my car to Chynahs house mom said. Oh we going ova dere I ant going, twin said. Boii if u don't getcho ass up! Ma said. Nahh I'm fr, I'm not going ova dere I'll just stay here cuz its alotta stuff I ant got time foe he said. I just shook my head, I already kno wat dat is. Him and Ayshah can't keep trying to avoid each otha, I swear dey crazy! Boii if u don't get up na ima drag u by dem big ass ears of yours she warned. Mmmhm yea rite do it, twin dared. Mama grabbed him by his ear so fast and start dragging him outside da door and to ha car, I was dead bruhh. Ouchh! Lemme go dis hurt Jeremiah begged. She let him go, smacked him upside da head then said dontchu ever dare me again. Ouchh! mann watchu do dat foe Jeremiah said getting in da car. I got inside the front seat. Mom went to lock up the house, then she came back to the car. She buckled her seatbelt then we pulled off. **********************
Everybody was already in front of Chynah's crib. You ready my ma asked. I'm as ready as I'll ever be I said. I then opened the car door and stepped out adjusting my tie. Everybody start saying Ooo and Ahh. Damn all dese ppl I'm not even a ppl person twin said. I shook my head. Shut up Jeremi it ant like they here fo u mom said. Twin shrugged. People start walking up to me congratulating me and telling me how handsome I look. It was mixed me and Chynah's family was here. I just can't wait to see how bae look. Twin was sitting to the side complaining as usual. I'm ready to go home wtf is taking ha ass so long dis ant no fuckin fashion show he says. Dude chill I told em. Yea wateva. Everybody just talked and ate. Ayshah walked up and told me how cute I looked. Th