
You're all done Kenyatta tells me. She gave me the mirror and I looked, I looked different. I looked cute doe. I had my side bang whipped and my hair was wavy. So do u like or nah?? Kenyatta asked me in her or nah voice. Yep fo sho u hooked me up gir thanxs chu I tell her. No problem. I gave her the money and sat in the chair and waited for my twin and mom to get their hair finished. Once they were done I was glad. Chynah looked cute now she was a blonde, her hair was ashy blonde and she had a side bang and the rest of her hair was flat ironed bone straight. My mom had gotten a sew-in(yes our mom where's sew-ins). She had her hair curled in the ombre style. Yall look cute I tell them. So do u they say to me.
************************
We had just made it back to the crib I was a little exhausted, shit I might just sleep for Valentine's day. Chynah went straight upstairs to get ready. I just took a couple of selfies and layed on the bed and scrolled down my phone. 20 some mins later Chynah comes in with a tight fitted white dress that showed clevage with some white red bottoms on. She also had on her pink lipstick with her purse that goes all around her body, which was a white MK. So how do I look she asked me. U look cute ugly I tell her. How u gon say I look cute and then gon call me ugly u slow she tells me. Wateva I say flicking through channels, all this lovey dubby Valentine's shit was all over the TV. So are u just gonna sit in here for the rest of the night Chynah asked me. I mean it's possible I tell her. She just rolled her eyes. Ding dong the bell rung. That's Siah she says looking in the mirror trying to make sure she looked good. Chynahhh u have a guess my mom yelled from downstairs. Girl go u look fine I told her. OK thanks. I walked down the stairs with her I wanted to see how Jassiah looked, my nosey ass. My daud was ova there talking to him while Siah was just looking nervouse I laughed. Jameem leave that boy alone my mom said and hi I'm Paris. Hello Ms. Paris he says shaking moms hands. Hay Siah sorry about my daud Chynah says eyeing dad. Wat dud I do our daud said trying to sound innocent. Its coo Siah says to Chynah. We all kno u I told daud. Mmmhhm watava my daud says. Anyways hayy Siah I say. Wassup Shay he says so wat u got planned for the rest of the night. Shii ion even kno I say to him. Watcho mouth lul gayl my dad says to me. Oo I actually forgot they was right dere. Yea did u just forget we was right here my mom says. My bad y'all I say to dem. Chynah laughed then said I guess we should be heading out. Alright see y'all my mom and daud said to dem and be careful. Ight bye I said. Chynah and Jassiah waved, then walked out the door.
We are about to leave Ayshah u know how to behave yourself right they asked me. Duhhh I say I'm 18yrs old. Alright enjoy yourself if u do decide to go out my mom says and be careful. Ight I say. They grabbed their keys and daud opened the door and their was a red shiny Bentley in front of our crib. U lik my daud asked my mom. No I love it she says then they walked to the car. I locked the door behind then and went back to my room. And texted up one of my girls. Texting convoMe:so wat y'all on toniteKiesha:prolly fina go to the club for they Valentines BashMe: aw coo cuz rite na its dry asf.Kiesha:so u cominMe:hell yeaKiesha: ight bet we gon pick u up be ready in like 30 minsMe: ight i gotchuEnd of texting convo