
Jeremiah POV
I woke up out my sleep man cuz I been having nightmares every since I killed that lul girl. Its like she is huntin me or some shit. Her ass always popping up saying y u kill me, sense you killed me u have to come along with me and my ass be running in them dreams and she be trying to chase me. Or like the one I had yesterday she was playing double Dutch with some little girls turning the rope for her. And one of the little girls looked like me somehow and like Ayshah, then she disappeared. And the little girl I killed start saying come play with me. Mann dat shit scary that shit starting to depress me fr. Don't no body know about my dreams doe. I think I'm going to hell lol. I walked to the medicine cabinet and took a Aspirin to stop my headache. My ass gotta hang over and shit. But no lie yesterday was turnt foreal. I remember some of the shit not everythang. One thing I remember is me and Ayshah dancing and me and her tongue kissing afterwards. We was tipsy asl I also remember her and me treating the shit out of that girl, Tiny I think ion know what tf the bitch name is and really don't care. I got me a cup of orange juice and 3 little Debbie cupcakes and walked back to my room. I sat down on my bed, put in my Beats and rolled up a blunt to smoke. I started to pull from it slowly making a cloud of smoke. This shit was easing my mind and I could feel my high coming. If anybody blow my high I'm going to go the fuck off. I got on I.G. and took a selfie of me smoking. @Polo_King_Miah: Wassup I.G. goodmorning punk posts???
#Smoke cloud
#high as a kite
#Weed is bae
#If u smoke loud be proud
#RNS
After that I went and hopped in the shower. Once I got out I looked through my clothes to see what I was gonna rock today. I got out my white shirt that said King and red letters with a gold crown on it. I found my cargos, and my ones and put my shit on. I put me some Axe hair spray in my thot boy haircut then put on my stud earring (this bitch cost me nearly a whole band). I added my gold chain. And I gotta say a nigga was flee asf. I got the keys to the Jag and walked to the car. Once I got in I turned on the radio and Bobby Shmurda- Hot nigga was on, that made me want to start doing the Shmoney. I drove to Mc Donalds and bought some breakfast. I ate my shit in the car while I was driving. I called up Tutu (this girl I fw).Phone conversationTutu: HayyyyMe: WyoTutu: shit nothing missing uMe: ikr can't nobody resist me.Tutu: yea I was wondering can we pop out or linkMe: I'm on my wayTutu: k I'm bout 2 get ready.Me: Ight bro and where somethin nice if uk wat I meanTutu: OK daddyPhone convo ends
I pulled up to Tutu crib and told her to come out. She walked out in a crop top that said I love my bae and some ripped booty shorts. Hayyy bae she said then leaning over to give me a kiss. Wats good I say. So where we going she asked. To the movies and maybe go chill I tell her. Aw OK that's cool she says. So what's up witcho hair I asked her, cuz her shit was getting staled. Ik bae I needa get it done money been tight rite na she says. Aw well u need to get that shit done and fast cuz yo ass not fina be with me walking around looking like that's nun of my business I tell her. (Tutu in the mm) OK she says. Once we pulled up to the theatre we hoped out. Wat u wana see I ask her. The sponge Bob movie. Ummm Kevin hart new movie. Ight can I have 2 tickets for the new Kevin Hart movie I say to the lady. That will be $20 she says. I pulled out a whole stack of money out my money and found a 20 I usually don't carry 20's. Here I gave her the 20 bill. She gave me the tickets with a little peice of paper crumbled up with her number on it. I looked at her and she winked. I laughed, and me and tutu walked to go get some stuff to eat.