
Jassiah POV
It was lunch time and it was hella bitches on me and twin. Like some of these bitches looked rachet and some of they breath was stanking in shit like ughhh! Me, twin and the ⛽ang was walking to lunch. Ayee we eatin off campus because fuck niggas eat on campus Jeremiah said. Truu true everybody said. Hollup twin I'm fina go ask these sexy ass twin sistas do they wana come pop out with us I said you wana come? Its some otha twins that go here and they girls and they sexy Jeremiah said. Yea my nigga and they cool to fuck with i said. Ight bet twin said, I laughed. Wait here bitch niggahs we gon be back you leave u get fucked up twin says. I just shook my head, he talking to them like he they master or some. We walked up to they table. Aw that's them twin says. Yepp I said. I'm fina get my mac on twin said rubbing his hands together then poppin his collar on his polo shirt. U ant fina do shit I said. Aw u thought that he says. I cudnt do nothing but shake my head at this fool. Wassup twins I said to them. Heyy Jassiah they both said waving at me. They started looking at twin. Aw my bad y'all this my twin bro Jeremiah I said with a stank look. Bitch ion need yo bobble head ass introducing me Jeremiah said. They start laughing y'all too funny they said. Apparently I did niggah they knew me first they didn't know shit about u until now so stfu I said. Fuck you he said but anyways I'm Jeremiah ladies he said rubbing his wana be beard and was licking his lips. Hey they said laughing. He just smiled. Ug dude get that kool-aid ass smile off yo face I said. He gave me a real nasty stank look and gave me the finger. But anyways we fina go get some pizza off campus for lunch do y'all wana link with us or nah y'all can bring y'all friends too I said. Cuz I saw they friends just smiling at me and twin the whole time lookin like they fina drool. Yea we up for it they both said. So where we going my niggas Ayshah said as we start walking. Out to go get something to eat duhh my twin said doing the tf face. Niggah don't play with me ik that I'm talking about what place Ayshah said. Wait to u get there smart ass and stop asking so many damn question Jeremiah said. U don't own me nigga fuck u thought this was if I wanna ask questions I will simple she said. Me and her twin laughed. I can tell Chynah was a little shy because of the way she laughed. We caught up with squad and everyone hopped in their cars. The twins decides to ride with us in the Rover. And Ayshah and Jeremiah ass was still arguing going on and on treating each other me and Chynah was dead. I decided to drive. On the way there we all just talked laughed and kicked it. Then twin stupid ass gotta say some. Ayee gurr redbone is you Chinese he asked. No why does everybody say this Chynah said. You sorta do I said. I've heard this plenty of times she said laughing. We are Caribbean they both said. Aw that's wassup I said. And that's what yo ass get for taking after moms skin color Ayshah said to her. Whatever Chynah said. Ant y'all named after states or something Jeremiah said. This nigga slow he need to crack open a social studies book more often I thought. Don't u mean continent/country they both said. Yea whatever but y'all ma must be a freak he said, she must was in Ayshah and Chynah getting it in. Ummm no Chynah said. Your a fucking idiot Ayshah said I swear. U ant never lyin  I said giving her a dap. He mugged us.