
Ayshah POV2 weeks laterI was on my way from my doctors appointment. I found out I'm having a girl. Me and Chynah are almost at the twins house. I can't believe I'm having a neice! Girl calm down I say. Nooo nigga u can't tell me, I'm jus happy. I'm going to be spoiling dat lul girl, she's gonna be tete's baby. I laughed u crazy. And when I go in dere I'm on Jeremiah ass foe not showing up to da appointment Chynah says. This was the most important time of all for him to be dere to find out the gender of the baby. Ik and I told his ass to be dere I say he can't do shit rite. Chynah parked the car and then cut the engine off. We both got out the car and locked it up, then start walking towards their house. Chynah rung the doorbell and Jassiah came to the door. Wassup y'all come in Siah says. Him and twin pecked each other on the lips, while I went and sat on the couch. Chynah came and sat next to me, then he sat next to her. Ayee y'all want sum to eat or drink he offered. Hell yea! Y'all got sum chips and Twinkies I asked. Jassiah laughed we got chips, donuts and sum otha snacks from lil Debbie ion kno bout no Twinkies doe. Ight well bring me the chips, a donut and a lul Debbie snack I say. Ight he says den walks to the kitchen. A minute later he comes back with the stuff and I start maxin. Thanks i say grabbing the stuff. No problem he says. So where y'all comin from he asked putting his arm around Nay. From my doctors appointment I say stuffing all dat in my mouth. Damnn twin slow down Chynah says laughing. Speaking of which where is ur stupid ass brother I asked. He in his room. Well his dumb ass did a no show at the fuckin Doctors office I say pissed. Wow sum wrong wit his ass Siah says. So how was the appointment Siah asked. Let's jus say were about to have a neice Nay says happily. Wat... Fr! Siah says. Yea I'm having a girl I say. Wow I'm fina have a lul neice crawling around Siah says happy. So twin don't kno dat he's having a daughter? Nooo cuz his slow ass didn't come to see for his fuckin self I say mad. Jassiah just shaked his head, well he said he wanted a son. Too bad I say nonchalantly. I'll be rite back I say getting up then going downstairs to the basement. I twisted the knob to his room door but it was locked. I start whamming on dat door real hard. Wtf man! I heard Jeremiah say. Open the fuckin door I say. Ayshah? He says then opens the door. Y and tf u beatin on my door like dat shorty have u lost yo damn mind he says. No apparently u lost urs I tell him pushing past him and going into his room. Did uk today was my fuckin appointment and u missed it! Dammm I forgot today was yo appointment, I  ova slept he says. So wat did dey say he asked me. Fuck you I say. Awww fr! C'mon den, watchu waiting on lay yo ass across the bed he says so i can tear it up. I hate you I say getting ready to walk out, when he grabbed me. Let me go I say mad. Calm down damm! he says I'm sorry I missed the appointment. Yea wateva I say. C'mon na dat stubborn shii blowing me Shay fr. U shudnt have missed the fuckin appointment den I say. I said srry damm! Wat else u want me to do he says. Ion even care it don't even matter no more I say irritated. Well wat we havin he says rubbing my stomach. Don't touch me I say swatting his hand, not long before he grabbed both of my hands and pinned me up on the wall. Lemme go I say u play too damm much! Not until yo ass stop playin wit me, and say sorry for actin like a bitch he says. No na let me tf go! Nope he says smirkin. Oh well I say den I bit his hand. Ouchh mann! He says sense u like to bite on ppl ima bite u back. No tf u not I say. Aight bet he says then he start nibbling on my neck. Lemme gooo I say. Omg Jeremiah stoppp! I said softly. And he just kept goin too. Then he start suckin on it. I want him to get off me and at the same time I don't. He finally let my arms go, but den he wrapped his arms around my waist. See Shay uk u want me stop playin hard to get he says whispering in my ear. I'm not playin hard to get I say softly. Well act like it den he says before he starts kissing me. I start kissing back, I'm sorry I can't help it. He grabbed my ass and start squeezing it. Then his hands start wandering up my shirt. I didn't stop em either. He den lifted my shirt ova my head. Then he began caressing my chest.  U den got thick sense u been pregnant he says. Ik I say looking at myself. Like my chest have grown. U more sexier pregnant he says. That's only cuz I got more body I say. True he says. Then sumbody came knocking on the door. Is y'all aight in dere Jassiah says. Uh-um yea were good I say. Yea we aight na fuck on Jeremiah says. Shut the fuck up twin Jassiah walking away from the door. Na where were we he says. Um I don't want to do dis anymore I say putting back on my shirt. Really Ayshah He says. Cuz I just don't feel rite doin dis, dis wat got us in dis position in the first place I say. Aight well I'm fina go, u coming or nah. Im comin I say. He went in his closet and start looking for something to wear. I just sat on his bed. He threw a pair of cargos on the bed and a lime green polo shirt. He slipped his stuff on then got some shoes to wear. He put on the white, navy blue, and lime green retro 6s. He got his Ralph Lauren cologne and sprayed it on. Aight G u ready he says grabbing his phone and car keys. I stood up and fixed my shirt. We both walked back upstairs to see Chynah and Jassiah cuddled watchin a movie. Where y'all fina go dey asked. Out we both say. Well call me if u need me Nay says. Ight I gotchu i say. He put his arm around me and we walked to his car. Dont make yourself comfortable I told em. Yea w.e. smart ass. He unlocked the door and we got inside. He cut on the A.C. becuz its hot asl outside, and then he started up the engine. As we pulled off I cut on the radio. Who told u to be touchin stuff he said. Myself duhhh I say. Ugh u irra he says. N like u ant I say. So u still neva told me wat da baby was goofy. Stfu dumb ass, its a girl I say. Damn I was hoping for a boy. Well too bad I say, we having a daughter. Dang I was gon be teachin my lil nigga how to shoot a gun by the age of 1. You wasn't fina have my baby playing with guns  I say. I'm fr and he was gon be getting all the hoes in preschool, was gon be a player just like his daddy. I rolled my eyes. To be honest I really didn't care what it was cuz either way my baby still gon be flee regardless I say. True but ima be buying my daughter every new pair of Jordan's dat come out. Ik cuz she gotta stay flee from top to bottom I say. Of course she is he says doing his duhh face, cuz I ant fina have my daughter lookin like no damn projects kid. My baby gon be dat thang I say just like ha mama. Yea aight he says giving me dis look, I just laughed. U mad or nah I say smirkin. Pssshh wat I'm mad foe he says. Ion kno u tell me I say but where we goin. Don't worry bout it smart ass just sit back and stop askin so many damn question. Wateva buhh I'm hungry I say. Watchu want he asked. Some Popeye's I say. Aight greedy. I then flipped him off. Rite here in the car? He says being sarcastic. I hate u u kno dat I say. ***********************