
Twin walked into the room she had on her purple and white polo shirt with her grape 5s and some tight true jeans then her hair was in her natural curls. We just sat on my bed and talked then chilled to they asses pulled up. We walked to they car and hopped in. Me and Chynah hopped in the back. Wassup y'all Siah says. Hayy we both say. Wats up shorties Miah says scrolling down his phone what ever he was lookin at on there shull caught his attention cus his ass was focused. Hi we both say, I laughed to myself. Wats funny lul girl Miah says. U and I'm not no lul gurl get cho shit straight I'm a grown ass woman I say. Yea rite he says laughing u thought dat. Nigga I know u not talkin fr ya auss de emature one who act lik a fool al de tim so don fuckin start wit me fr cuz my tolerance wit u is vary low I say. Plz don't start this shit fr let's just have a nice ride I ant ride witchall to here y'all arguing fr Nay says. Nahh cuz ha ass must be on ha period or some shit cuz I ant did shit to shorty Miah says. I was about to say some but I just kept my mouth close I promise u I can't stand his ass. We pulled up to the theater and went inside. We decided to go see the Sponge Bob movie. We got our tickets and bought us some popcorn and snacks then walked in and found somewhere to sit. Jassiah asked Chynah to come sit by him. And she did. I say next to Chynah then Doe doe came and sat next to me. Hmmm I say huffing under my breath. He turned around and looked at me like I was crazy. Ugg! his face is just disgusting me rite na. I ant got time for this shit foreal he says sounding mad. I'm trying to stay calm cuz i will cuss his ass out n this fucking show these people gon really have a show to see. I need me a blunt to calm and relax my nerves oms.The movie soon came on and this shit was blowing me. His ass was gettin on my last nerves he was laughing at this shit like he was a fuckin kid. Over grown ass I thought to myself. The whole purpose of this fucking movie was to find the crabby patty formula like fr! Siah and Nay was also laughing like fr this shit was fucking up my mood, I mite need me a blunt after this shii. Then sponge Bob ass was holdin on to Patrick shorts and Patrick shorts slipped down and his ass was showing people was dead. It wasnt that fucking funny, cuz this lady was sitting behind me laughing extra hard like tf. Nay, Siah, and dumbass were all looking at me. What's wrong Shay, Nay asked me. Nahh cuz mofos laughing extra hard like the shit wasn't that fucking funny I said. Then the bitch got the nerve to start laughing again. Dumb bitch I said. Excuse me she said back. Bitch u heard me I said. Who u calling the bitch cuz hunny u don't know where I come from, I will whoop yo ass she said to me. Bitch try me ik u don want to get ya auss dragged out dis movie, u dumb bitch ion care where de fvuck u come from I will sling ya auss and give these people a show to watch foreal I said. Sssshh people were saying we are trying to watch the movie we payed our money. Twin stop don do dis in here Nay said. Ayee ayee Chynah nah nah nah buddy u messin up the flow I'm trying to worldstar some shit Jeremiah said. I gave him the bird then nay said shut up Miah. U shut up miah said who u think u is shorty. Boii my twin sista said to him. Maynee twin shutcho instigating ass up Siah says. Mann u shut tf up ya ass always hopping in shit bruhhh Jeremiah says. U shut tf up yo ass always doin some or either u being irratating ass fu---- Jassiah says, then he was interuppted by this old ass lady. U can either be quiet or leave its your choice she says to us. Bitch u don own dis fvuckin theatre I told her. I dont but he does she says and the manager came in. I'm going to have to ask y'all to leave he says. But we payed our money Jassiah says. Well whose fault is that he says looking at all us. Its that bitch fault I said pointing and referring to the bitch who was laughing from earlier. Please make them leave they disrupted most of the whole movie we heard people saying. The old lady was just smirking. U old miserable bitch keep smirking I'm slap that mfing kool-aid grin off of yo fucking face Miah says. Nahhh we ant gowin no wheare we payed our muney just lik the rest of they ausses my twin said mad. Nahh man let's just bounce fuck dis place Jassiah says broke up ass theatre. Yea fuck everybody in here and they mama's Jeremiah says and spits on they floor. I couldn't do nunthin but laugh. Then we threw all of our snacks and food on their floor. And as for u bitch I betta not catch ya ass out in these streets or u mine I told ole girl from earlier. Then the funniest thing happened Jeremiah picks up his nachos and throws them in the old ladies face. SECURITY SHE SCREAMS GET THESE HOOLAGANS OUT OF HERE! Bitch that's y u look like a fucking hobbit Jeremiah says then we took off running. They're guards were chasing us saying get back here. We made it to the parking lot, Miah got the keys and started the engine, once the guards were getting closer he burned rubber in their faces and we was outchea.