
Jassiah POV
I was SnapChating Chynah and I told her I was on my way to her house. Right now we are in the friend zone where we just talk on the phone, and Snapchat sometimes that's it. But we mainly talk about the project. But anyways I had on my red shirt with some cargo's, my ones, and my stud earrings (something basic). I walked to the Rover sense twin had took the Jag where ever he went. Once I got in the car I cut on the radio and turned on Chief Keef Fool yah. I bopped my head as the song played. I stopped by a couple of stores and bought the material we needed to make the miniature for our project. I finally pulled up to Chynah's house and turned off the ignition. Once I got out I rung the bell. Ayshah opened the door. Hayyy Siah she says giving me a hug I hugged her back. Where u fina go I asked. Outside to hang out she says. Ight see u I say. Chynah's upstairs in her room you can sit on the couch until she comes down Shay says and byeeeeee. I waited on the couch for Chynah to come downstairs. She walked downstairs in a tank top hugging her body, some hello kitty pajama pants, she was wearing footies, and her hair was all over the place but it was really curly doe. Wassup I tell her. Hayyy she says giving me a hug. U ready to start I say. Yea but do u want something to eat or drink she says. Do y'all have some Pepsi I say and chips. Yea we do and OK. A minute later she walks out with a big bag of potatoe chips and a Pepsi and Mountain Dew in her hands. She sat them on the table. Thanks I say. No problem she says. I sat the material down. This is all the stuffi could find to make a miniature Tundra I say. OK she says. We got the material and started to make a model of a Tundra land form. These chips are good I say gettin some more out of the bag. Chynah laughed and says I can tell. Then she said u got a lul something on your face then she wiped it off for me. Then we started to look into each others eyes then it happened, we kissed. Once we pulled away it felt awkward and Nay had a blank look on her face. Ohh my bad Nay I shudnt have came on to you like dat I say. Ohhh um its fine it just happened unexpectedly she says touching her bottom lip. U can tell me if i made you feel uncomfortable i say. Um no u didn't she says let's just get back to the project she says. Aight let's I say.
We was now done with the project. So whose gonna keep the project I ask her. I guess ill keep it she says. Aight I say getting up off the couch. Ummm Siah wait Chynah says. Wats up I say turning back around her way. Do u wana stick around a little longer because I be feeling all alone and lonely here by myself she says. Really I say then laughed yea I'll kick it witchu I say. She laughed and said yea really, but thanks. (A/N readers quick note from me i want to shout out bunny-13 for liking all my chapters I just wanna say thnx u and I appreciate your gratitude shout outs go to the people who vote on the book and comment. I haven't received any comments so who wanna be the first to make a comment on the story. If u do u will be recognized and get a shout out TURN UP!!!!!)Buhhh anyways back to story.