
Jeremiah POVI was sittin here just watching D sneaky ass. He had Shay cracking up smilin n shii. Like wat tf do dis nigga think he doin he must think I'm stupid or sum. Ik she not my girl and I don't claim ha buhh she still my bm which means I got dibs on ha so D ass betta move tf on. Was it dat funny I asked ha cuz na dis shii was blowing my high. Boii pipe down she said. D was just looking n shii. Na u showin out I told ha. Wateva she says trying to wave me off. D laughed and I jus rolled my eyes. Ik she tryna piss me off and D is too. I got up off the couch and walked in the kitchen wit Fizz. Wats good Jay he said. Shii dey blowin me I said. Who he asked laughing. I brought my babymama ova here to show ha off to yall but ha and D giggling n shii and ion find shii funny. Aww sumbody a lil jealous, she is a pretty Lil sum u gotta keep a lock on ha Fizz says. Ion get jealous ova no female let's be 1 hunnit buhh she jus pissin me off how she think everything dis nigga say is funny. Well all I can tell you son is u check both of dey asses and let shii be known dat dey a lul too buddy buddy Fizz says. Yea u rite bro I tell em. But to let shit be known fr and let ppl kno dats all u she off limits u needa cuff ha. Ion kno mann if I'm ready to be settled down n shii n be n a relationship, I love my freedom. I getchu and I understand dat dats exactly how I was at yo age, and ion blame u but if u really care bout ole girl just consider Fizz told me. Mannn thanks Fizz bro foe the advice I said. No problem young blood. Then we gave each otha a guy hug. Buh fr Fizz ass be making alotta sense dis dude like anotha father to me all the advice he give me but dis my nigga doe fr. I walked back up in the livingroom while dey was talking n shii having a good convo too. Yo Ayshah come on I'm fina leave I told ha. She looked at me like r u serious. Hell yea! I'm serious I'm fina bounce u either comin or not I told ha straight up. Ight here I come she said rolling her eyes den she tried to stand up but D helped her up. "Such a gentlemen" fuck outta here. Aight see u bro he said to me. I lifted my head like nigga plz, I ant kno D ass was one of dem friends dat flirt wit his guy'z bitch. Bye D Ayshah said, he waved at ha. Iight see u girl RaeRae and erbody else said. N gurr u betta not be smokin no reefa cuz antie RaeRae don't want no retarded ass baby walkin round here. Shay just laughed. Awl n let me kno wat u n Miah do she winks. Gurr plz, bye Felisha Ayshah says waving her off. N stfu RaeRae and worry bout getting knocked up by the next nigga I say. Fuck u Miah she says.  no thnx i tell ha, den walked out. I unlocked the doors den got in. So ur not gonna help me in she asked wit attitude. Aww ask D I told ha. U actin like a bitch she said. Says da one actin like a hoe. I helped her in the car, got back on my side and pulled off. Fuck u! Jeremiah. U actin like a lul bitch! U don't own me I own my fucking self! I'm only pregnant by u, we are not together. So wtf u mad foe? I ant mad ion even care fuck it u not my girl u just my babymama so u can hoe around n do wateva tf u want to dats nun of my business I said straight up. Wateva dude just drop me off at home, I hate u don't say nun else to me she says. I shrugged I'm coo wit dat. I put in a CD it had songs from last year, sumtimes listening to the old shii be soothing ya mind. I got cash nd dey mad I pull up in dat jag my shoes red yo boo mad cuz I'm shittin on dey ass I got cash I pop tags rob me pop yo ass I stay flee I'm the man video on demand stripper bitches fat ass find ya face u dat mad smoking dope dat gas savage up hammer time calling up Jason 9 straight 8 down the drive pink bitches down the ride dats y dey mad at me 10 days to meet the president na gotta do da whole squad to be the shii na I gotta deal thinking I'm da shii na I'll neva change neva wife a bitch na To meet the president u gotta meet da bang Bros hella bank rolls all dem bank rolls ant urs spending flexin sooo much cash dat it can't fold up coming rappers man i don't see dose boy all dat cuffin u shud be a p.o. so much designer shii dat I can give a way clothes all dese new niggas all dat shii rapping is old to meet the president u gotta meet the bang bros... My phone vibrated and I checked to see who it was...Texting convoTutu: WyaMe: ridin roundTutu: come pick me upMe: ion kno I'll think bout itTutu: KEnd of convoI wanna go grab tutu n at da same time I don't. Buhh we'll jus see wat my mind gets me into;). I listened to Lil Bibby remix of Faneto, then I listened to Lil Herb Rollin. I pulled up to ha crib and waited foe ha to get out. I ant walk to ha side to let ha out or nun, cuz I'm tied of dese broads ion owe a bxch shii, 1 hunnit. Once she got out she slammed da door. I ant even watch to see if she got n da house. Dat shows how many fucks I give, NUN!.