
Ayshah povA month later Valentines day
Today was valentines day and me, mom, and Nay was about to get pampered. We was getting ready to go to the spa, get our nails done and our hair. Both mom and Chynah had plans today I didn't. We put on something simple, for now. Mom got the car keys to her and dauds Audi. Come on girls she told us. Alright mommy we both say. Jameem my mom told our dad were about to leave. Alrite my buetiful laddies be careful our dad says to us and gives each and everyone of us a kiss. But him and my moms kiss was a very long kiss, mmmm my mom moaned. Yuck y'all nasty we both say. Wateva lil girls my mom says, then we walked to the car and got inside. Mom cut on the radio and all 3 of us started jamming. We was singing Iggy azalea Fancy.  I'm so fancy u already know I'm in the best lane from L.A. to Tokyo , I'm so fancy remember my name oooooohhh oooohhh. Trash the whole town let's get drunk on the mini bar make the phone call feel so good dat we wat were going to keep on turning it up dancing were singing we don't give a fuck film star...then my mom cut down the radio. So what do u girls have planned for today my mom asked me and twin. Well I have nothing planned I might just go hang out wit some of my friends later on that don't have a Valentine I say. Well I'm going out wit a friend Chynah says, and we all know who she's talm bout. Omg Nay u talm bout the boy who u went on a date with a month ago my mom ask her all excited. Yes mom and it wasn't a date we were just hanging out Chynah says to her. Mmmhmm mom says it seems to me he has a thing for you sense he is taking u out for Valentines day. Yea Nay u might as well admit it u 2 are dating I say. Wateva she says brushing us off. But anyways so why doesn't my otha beautiful daughter have nothing planned mom says to me. Ion kno I say sarcastically shrugging my shoulders, maybe because I don't have a Valentine. Well i don't know why u don't have a date because my baby is gorgeous my mom says referring to me I laughed. Believe me mom I know dat I say. Why won't u and Miah do something Chynah blurts out. And who is that my mom asked us. Ma how many times we den ben through this he is Jassiah's twin brother I say to her. A.k.a Shay's "buddy" Chynahs says sarcastically making hand movements. Ohhh really my mom says, don't be holding out on me Shay. I am not holding out on u dang nothings going on between us we just hanging buddies. Like we just have stuff in common I say to mom. Yea rite Chynah mumbles. Wateva I say, mom just laughed at us, her daughters. So what u and daud got planned I asked her. Well I actually don't know mom says he just told me to take all 3 of us to get pampered, and told me to come back lookin nice. Well most likely daud's going to take you out somewhere fancy Chynah says. I hope so she says. Doesn't he always I say doing my duhhhh face. Y'all are something else she says to us but I love yall, y'all are one of the best things that happened to me. Awwwwwwn love u too mommy Chynah says. U kno I'm not up for these emotional sentimental moments but love u too ma I say. Girrr wateva my mom says brushing me off.************************
Hayyy girls the ladies in the beauty shop said to us we waved at them. My hair dresser Kenyatta said to me,come take a seat twin. We all had our own beauticians, y'all already know how we rock in. So how has school been Kenyatta asked me. Its been good I guess I say. So I see u must be fina go out for Valentines Day she asked me so whose the lucky guy. Gurrr I ant got nun planned just might go hang out wit my friends I say. Aw dats coo so are u getting the usual she asked me. Nope I won't a new look I tell her. So what do u have and mind she asked me as she was massaging my hair. I think I won't a new hair color I say. Mmmmm wat colors wud look cute on u she says. Ooo wat about honey blonde or dark blonde she asked me. Yep dat will be perfect I told her. Yepp baby gurr I'm fina hooks u up she says wen I get done witchu u gon be lookin sexy asf. I laughed and said ight bet. Mom and Chynah were getting their hair done and was just relaxing, I did the same. 1hr 1/2 later