
Jeremiah POV
Bro had just brought in some Mc Donald's and dis shit was fye asl I only have one bae and that's food. I was ctfu cuz Fizz, Javon and Rocky were arguing over who were going to get the 2 big macs and who was gon get the double cheese burger. Javon u gon get the double cheese burger cuz u the youngest Rocky and Fizz both say. Ohh hell nah just cuz I'm the youngest doesn't mean y'all take advantage of me and eat all the shit and leave me with one measley ass cheese burger y'all must be off the molly's he tells them. Well how about I blow yo head off and u want have shit simple Fizz says. Or this would be more easier I blow both of y'all brains out and eat all the shit that would be more simpler for everyone Rocky says. I'm dead. Just settle the shit by playing rock paper scissors I say. Aight bet they all say lookin oso serious. Smdh do y'all momas feed y'all I say to them. Nigga my mama dead Rocky says I been providing and feeding myself every sense I was 9 he says. Aw my bad bro I say. U coo my nigga Rocky says. Aight best 2/3 Javon says they agreed. They start playing when R-Dog came out and said who Mc Donalds wiping white stuff off of his mouth and nose, then scratching the back of his head. Mann move yo bitch ass on and go finish sniffing that Co-coe Javon says. I'm in love with the Co-coe I start singing. Mannnn but a nigga hungry let a nigga just get one burger mann he says and his lips were crusty asl like he was kissing concrete. Step away from the food or that's yo head Rocky tells em. But mannn I thought we was brothers R-dog says scratching his head. Brothers or not food is food and go get yo own Fizz says. Well my favorite buddy Jeremiah mann R-Dog says looking at my food licking his crusty chapped lips. Get the fuck on mannn ion play about my food u come near it yo head gon be splattered over this wall and yo ass gon be 6 ft under oms I tell him. But mannn ion want no problems I said just give me the fucking food R-Dog says angry asl. Man who the fuck u raising yo voice at I say Nigga u won't cho life don't chu I tell him. GIVE ME THE FUCKING FOOD OR THERE WILL BE CONSEQUENCE I LIKE U TOO MUCH TO HAVE TO KILL U OVER SOME FOOD NOW GIVE ME THE FUCKING MCDONALDS NIGGA he says yelling. Damnnnn R-Dog fina finesse yo ass they all say. What the fuck going on in here twin comes in from selling dope. Ight bitch nigga its time fo yo Fu ass to die u don't fucking disrespect u fucking crack head and he not gon finesses me out of shit I will slap the dog shit and black off of him and send his ass back to the 60's I say pulling out my gun. U think somebody scared of yo scrawny tall slangy narrow ass and yo Fufu ass twin R-Dog says. Mann wtf u just say about me and my twin yo ass might as well start picking out yo casket rite now cuz yo ass dead on my mama twin says. Shit then got real Fizz says. Yea I think we saved our Mc Donald's for the right time to watch a good ass show Javon says. Shutcho ass up Rocky says popping Javon upside the head. Ouchhhh man wtf u do that for Javon says. Then R-Dog came up and pushed the shit outta me. I got the fuck up and start giving him face shots and mouth blows back to back. Twin jumped in and start punching his ass in the stomach and all that. I start stomping his ass with my Timbs smushing his face in the fuckin ground. I fucked y'all moma R-Dog says choking up blood. Wtf u just say about our mama we both said. I fucked y'all mama he says still coughing out blood. Ight thats a wrap I say pulling out my pistol pistol whooping his ass. Bitch this for u talking shit Jassiah says shooting him in the chest. I then spitted on him and say don't nobody disrespect my mom's and get away with it. The boys were looking crazy. Wtf is going on out here Rozay comes out and says. R-Dog dead Javon says. I
Can clearly see that nigga I got eyes don't i boss says. My bad boss Javon says scratching his hair. He was being real disrespectful boss I say his ass was off the shits. Yea he had just got done from sniffing that powder Fizz says and came out here starting shit. Yea and I had just came in here and the nigga said some disrespectful shit towards me ion tolerate no b.s. Jassiah says mad. Alright ima let it slide that just means one of y'all gon have to have a extra shift and is going to have to take his place understood Rozay says. Understood boss we say. Now get this shit cleaned up he says and walks back to his office.