
We pulled up to I'm guessin his trap. Why we come here I ask. Cuz I got business to handle you said u wanted to ride rite? Yea goofy I say. Aight den be cool. Wateva I say walking on the porch. The guards was looking at me crazy in shii. Wassup y'all Jeremiah says giving dem daps. Who dis dey both asked, dis my bm he told dem. Awww they both said. They let us walk thru and I was just lookin around dis shit looked nice, had the flat screens and erthang. We walked into the livingroom and it was a whole bunch of guys and a few girls. Wassup Miah dey all said. Wats good he said. Shii buhh who is dat one dude asked. Dis my bm he says. Aww she cute he says lickin his lips. I rolled my eyes. Ayee mann back tf off and finish getting crackheads to give u sloppy. He gave Jeremiah the bird. Nahh mann u a faggot. Erbody start laughing. We sat on the couch and we start talking. They all seemed coo to fuck wit. Girl wats yo name the girl asked me. Call me Shay I said. Iight I gotchu she said buhh my name RaeRae. Watchu be on she said. Alotta shii I said. U smoke she asked. Hell yea! I said Bu-, awl yea my bad gurr u pregnant she said u can't smoke been and killed the baby. I laughed she funny asl. Yea no blunts for Ayshah she ant fina have us having no retarded ass baby Miah said. Shut up I said hitting him in his chest. They all laughed and shook their heads. Rocky are you gonna pass me the fucking blunt or nah Jeremiah said. Wait yo turn Rocky said and den passed Miah the blunt. Jeremiah got the blunt and hit it a few times. Ayee mann dats enough Javon said mannn u a hog. I laughed well ik not to smoke a blunt witcho ass I said. Fuck y'all Jeremiah said hitting it again den passing it. U and yo brotha sum damn hogs Rocky said. Well ant nobody worse den twin ass when it comes to being stangy wit weed. True dey all said. Damn Jassiah dat much of a hog wit passing da blunt I said. Hell yea! I just smh. Ayshah? I heard sumbody say I turned around to see D. Wats good ma. Hayy D and nun same shii. Truee he said and wassup Miah D and the other dude dapped him up. Wat up bro Jeremiah said. I see u brought Shay by D said. Watchu been on Shay he asked. Shii alot I said. So do y'all kno watchall having he asked rubbing my stomach. Ayee mann keep dem meat beaters to yo self Miah said. Eat ass D said. I laughed then said yea Miah stop actin like a lul bitch.