
Chynah POV
I was laying in my bed on the phone scrolling down Instagram liking funny pics. Twinnnn Ayshah yells walking into my room. Can u do my hair she says sense u are the one that messed it up. Ight I'll do it only cuz I ant got nun else betta to do I say. Go get the brush, comb, and flat irons I tell her. K she says and went back to her room to get the stuff. She then came back in with the stuff and a pillow. She sat on the pillow and sat between my legs and gave me the things. I got the comb and parted her hair and began to flat iron it. So do u think the twins are cute she says. Yea they are cute I say buhh that Jeremiah, something is wrong with him literally I say and we both laugh. Yea it is he lucky he's cute and funny she says because being silly and ugly does not combine. So u think he's cute I say I thought he was ignorant to u I say. He is a fucking moron but the dumb ass nigga is cute she says. So are you feeling them I ask. I was feeling Jassiah when he had bumped into me in the hallway he was fina spazz out I was like ooooo lawwd she says. I start laughing. But he seems a lil layed back she says. I like boys with a sense of humor and that we can both cuss each other out back and forth she says cuz ion want no nigga that's boring, let's me run all over them and says yes to everythang #Bad boy she says. U are something else I tell her. I'm more of the cool calm layed back one I say I just want a boy that's cool and likes to chill I say ion need no irra ass boy trying to crack jokes all the damn time like that shit gets annoying. We just finish talking and I did the rest of her hair.
I woke up and hopped in the shower for about 15 mins hurry up I heard twin say. I did my hygiene thang brushed my teeth and walked out the bathroom. Hayy nay Ayshah says I said hayy back and she went in the bathroom. I went to my closet and found my white, gold, and black Batman belly top. With my stone washed ripped blue jeans. I put on my gold chain, Timbs, and my MK gold and white purse that goes to the side. I made a part on the side part of my hair and did my side bangs. I then added my lipstick and makeup. Twinnn aw OK I see u we doing our super hero theme today shay says and she goes to go get changed. I just looked on my SnapChat and watched people stories until she was ready. Twin came in with her blue, red, and yellow Superman belly top with her stone washed high wasted jeans. She had her hair to the side just like mines and had on her Superman chain and a Blue and gold MK purse. She also had on her Timbs. She got out her phone and said insta pic. And we took a couple of selfies and she uploaded em. @The_Ayshian_Dall: Goodmorninnn posts??? From me and my stinka my big/twin sistaa  @The_Chynah_Doll #Super Hero Flow# On Fleek#Badd Bitches only#Born Caribbean princesses #Mad or Nahh???. Ight u ready she said I'm going to drive. OK and yea were going to stop by Mc Donalds because ma ant cook breakfast this mornin. Bet she said. We walked downstairs and left out the door. We hopped in the Benz and Ayshah pulled off.
⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽
We pulled up in the skool parking lot which was filled with people from our skool. Shay parked and cut off the ignition. We got out and caught up with our friend Tanya. Hayyyy twin y'all my favorite twins besides the fine ass Wright twins(Jassiah and Jeremiah). Gurrrr we both said. So its a party this weekend at Da'Shonds house is y'all going Tanya says and in plus the twins are going to be there. Damnnn gurr do u need some water u seem a lul bit thirsty twin says to Tanya. I was dead. Be quiet twin she says feeling shitty. So are y'all coming or nah?? I heard its gon be hella turnt Tanya says. Ion feel like going to no parties I just feel like chilling the whole weekend and eating I say. Fat ass Tanya says. I gave her the finger. Come on twin please what's a party without us twin says. Hmmmm I say. Come on twin don't be a square now she says. I laughed OK fine I'll go I say. Yasss they both say doing their little handshake I just shakes my head and said y'all are so irra I tell em. But u love us thoe they both say. Aw y'all thought that I tell em. They mugged the shit outta me and I just laughed. They walked together to their 1st class together and i went and met up with my friends Camise and Michelle. Hayy twinn they both say. Hayy y'all. So are u going to Da'shonds party on Saturday Mise says. Yea I am Tanya and Shay begged me I say. Why they have to beg you they ant gotta ask u your a nobody Chelle says. Shut the fuck up I say laughing then pushing her accidently making her fall into this boy. He looked like he was about to say something until he saw how cute Chelle was he just smiled and help her pick up her books and says here ma. Thanks she says and my bad for bumping into you. Its coo ma he says and he looks at his ones to make sure that weren't stepped on and kept walking. Camise was laughing so hard. That is not funny Michelle says nudging Camise. And Chynah y wud u do that she says laughing. My bad I didn't mean too I say being sarcastic. U lucky he was cute so I didn't mind Chelle says. Now if he was ugly I wudve fucked u up she says.