
No problem ma I say. So what u wanna do she asked. I was thinking to myself like u kno wat i wanna do, I really don't mind smashing you and making u mines, that's what I really wanted to do but I didnt say it lol. Ummm I'm fine wit wat eva I say. I wanted to ask her did she wanna maybe go outside to hang out or some cuz I'm a lul too flee to be in the crib, but I'll wait some other time for that. Ight a movie it is she says. Wat u wanna watch she says. Ummm u got boys in the hood I ask. Yepp u already kno she says. Coo I said lul wanna be thug . Ummm wat u mean I am a thug nigga where tf u been she asked. I laughed aw OK I see u I said. She put on the movie and came and plopped on the couch next to me. We watched the movie and ate snacks and shit its coo chilling with Nay ass. Then I saw her scrolling on her phone and shit. What you doin I asked her. I'm on Instagram she said showing me. Then she scrolled until she got to this funny ass picture. It said "the day after she takes her weave out" and it had a picture of Jammie Fox looking ugly ass fuck and his hair was short asf and slicked to the back we both was dead.(the funny picture is up that Nay and Siah are laughing at lol) yassss she said laughing. Fr bro oms this picture ant Neva lyin, like girls be trying to do they hair in styles and add that edge stuff and shit wat ever y'all girls call it, and be slicking gel on they shit knowing they shit short asf, like bitch get tf outta here u embarrassing yo self more I say I swear baldhead bitches need they weave in they head at all times cuz when they take that shit out they be looking like a man fr. We both start laughing. Yea like bitches be killing me trying to use edge control but ant got no edges, I be lookin like bitch how tf u using edge control and ant got no edges yo ass slicking nothing but yo forehead she says. We were both rolling na. These gurrs na a days don't be giving a fuck, they asses wud come out side looking rachet asf or like Medusa worm head ass that'd what I call bitches that got dreads I say. Fr she says giggling. Ayeee u wana make a SnapChat video I ask her. Boii u don lost ya min look at my hare she says using her accent. I laughed u look perfectly fine I assured her. Mmmhmm she says cutting her eyes. Yo ass look like a serial killer so stop I say, she laughed. I pulled out my IPhone 5c (the baby blue one ima be upgrading soon I like the color doe) and went to Snapchat recording us. Nay was covering her face y u recording me lookin like a muthafuckin uggghhh she says I laughed. I started trying to pull her hands off her face. Stop she says laughing. Then I got her hands off and put my arm around her saying this my G Nay. Say wassup to Snapchat I say to her she laughed then started waving saying hayyy Snapchat I look a hot mess rite na but its coo doe she says looking at me I laughed then stopped the Snap Story. U bogis for havin me on SnapChat like that fr mannn she says I laughed then patted her shoulders u gon be Aight I say. Whatever she says. Aight ma ig I betta be headin out cuz I got some stuff to handle I say. OK wanna be hustler she says mimicking me. I am a hustler ima Dboy nighaa I been gettin to the money where tf u been I say doin my 2chainz voice she laughed and said mmmhhm. She got up and walked me to the door. See u she says playing in her wild curly hair. Aight see u ma I say I leaned in for a hug and she hugged me back. After that we let go of each other and looked into each others eyes. Then she quickly snapped out of it. Ummm byee she says. I waved and she closed the door. I walked to the Rover and hopped in I'm out. I then pulled off and decided to go to the trap.Short chapter ik I was a lul tired but remember make sure to do as told.¶Chynah and Jassiah kissed!?!?!¶Siah and Nay was about to kiss again oooo!!¶The day she takes out her weave fse¶Bitches be trying to use edge control and ant got no edges, niggas be slicking they foreheads instead lemme find out ctfu!¶ Siah call's dread head girls Medusa!?!?!!¶Chynah was on Snapchat looking like a Muthafuckin uggggghhh