
Jassiah POV
Me and Chynah pulled up to the library and she cut off the ignition. The whole fucking ride u had me listening to Beyonce I say making her laugh. Awww your going to be alright she says patting my shoulder. We closed the car doors and began walking inside the library. Come on Chynah says sitting at a computer I pulled up a chair next to hers and pulled out my paper and pen. I'm going to look up the research and your going to write it down she says. U lucky I like u I say cuz I wudve really preferred doin the research instead of writting. Wateva she says. While Chynah looked up the research I wrote it down.
We was just leaving from the library and was in the car. I wonder did my bro and yo sis have a fun ride home i says smiling. Nay laughed well she thinks he's cute but thinks he's annoying she likes him she just don't want to admit it Nay says. Yea he feelin ha to but wana act like he to cool to have feelings for a gur and to be in a relationship I say. She laughed yea he is something she says shaking her head. U ant gotta tell me twice I say. Yea see me and my bro different he like loud mouthed girls I like the more shy type that are layed back girls that likes to kick it and chill I say. Aw dats coo she says looking a little shy. If she didn't know that was me trying to throw hints at her ass that I like her. Then it got silent. I like yo outfit its flee I say. Thanks she say focusing on the road. I look at her chain then began to hold it while its on her neck. How much did this cost I say examining it. About 200 I think my dad bought it when he was out visiting the fam over out some where in the Caribbean she say. Aw nice I say then let it go. Do u wana stop by Mc Donald's she says. Yassss I say and she laughed. She pulled up to the nearest Mc Donald's. Welcome to Mc Donald's may I take yo order someone says threw the drive thru intercom. Ummm I would like 2 big macs 2 3 Mc Chickens 2 Bacon Burgers 2 quarter pounders 4 small fries 1 10 piece and 1 20 piece of chicken nugget 2 Mango smoothies 2 Frappès and 6 cookies she say. Damnnn ma what y'all eating for about 10 or 15 people I say. She laughed then nudged me and said what do u want. Ummm I'll get 3 bacon clubhouse burgers the 2/$5 big Mac 2 large fries 1 double cheese burger 2 Mc chickens 2 10 piece nuggets 1 Oreo Mc Flurry a strawberry smoothie one hot fudge chocolaté  3 large fries 3 small fries and 5 cookies I say. OK your total will be $48.62 she says. I saw Chynah pulling out her credit card when I passes her a $50 bill. Nahhh I'm good she says smiling. Ma its coo money ant a thanggg I say she took it and gave the lady at the window the bill. U can keep the change I tell her. Cuz these Mc Donald's working hoes be getting paid minimum wage they need all the money they can get. Chynah looked at me and says if that was me my hand wudve been out like where tf my change at simple she says. I start laughing u some else shawty I say making her blush. For the rest of the ride we just listened to music, laughed and just talked.
Ma lemme getcho numba cuz how are we going to do the project and cant stay in touch i say. Aw yea she says and we swapped phones i put my number in and she put hers. Ight see u ma I say to her getting out infront of the trap. Bye siah she says waving. I dapped the security guards when they saw that Mc Donald's and got on charge mode. I just walked straight pass they ass and Nay drove off once I made it in. Wat up y'all I say walking in with the bags of Mc Donalds.  Oohh bring that ass here boiiii Jeremiah says.