
Ayshah POV
I was in gym class playing dodge ball I was about to whack the shit out of this girl name Tracy that I hate when dumb ass comes and snatch my ball out of my hand. Give me the ball dumb ass I say to Jeremiah. ight come and get it den smart mouth he says making me chase him and he throws the ball across the gym and it whacks the shit out of this light skinned girl named Ebony. TIME OUT! Coach says blowing his whistle. Ebony was holding her face and people were coming up to her asking was she OK. She was turning red I can tell she was embarrassed. She let go of her face and their was a big ass red mark where the ball hit her at. Some girl went with her to the nurses office to go get a ice pack. I turned around to see dumbass smirking and his friends saying u bogus asl. U are such a bimbo I tell em shaking my head. Ohh but u love it thoe he says smiling. Noooo I say. Mmhmm whatever with cho short ass he says. Shut tf up Green giant I say. Yo ass just mad cuz u one of Snow white's Dwarfs he says and his lul crew starts to laugh. Hahaha wit cho lul long neck giraffe neck ass I say. With cho crusty neck ass crocodile skin on yo neck having ass he says. Dats why yo ass got dragon breath yo ass can scramble some eggs with that hot ass breath of yours you don't even need a stove i tell em. Damnnn his friends say and I dapped em. Ight bet you betta getcho every time u open yo mouth yo teeth be singing I got sunshine on a cloudy day, yes I do he sings. Nigga don't play teeth never be buttery fuck you mean lul squiward looking ass yo tall light bright big bird looking ass stop talking to me and take yo ass back to Sesame street I say. Ight I'm on yo ole Humpty Dumpty short egg head ass, Lil leprechaun from the hood fuck body ass he says. I hate u I say laughing. Baby girl u know u love me he says. Aw buddy who told u that I say. I did he says. But anyways are you and yo twin going to D's party he says. Yea me and Tanya practically had to beg her. Who tf is Tanya he says lookin confused. She the girl who is in love with u and Jassiah and asked us to come cuz y'all was gon be there I say. Well its plenty of girls that love us but ion kno no Tanya that shows that she's a nobody and is irrelevant to my life he says. I started laughing u bogus i say. No I'm not if you're a nobody you're a nobody simple he says shrugging
⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽
It was the ending of the day my twin was going to the library with Jeremiah's twin. They were taking the Benz so they arranged for dumb ass to take me home. I walked to his locker when this thot was all up on him. Ummmm excuse me I say but Jeremiah we need to be leaving I say with attitude. Ight here i come smart ass he says. Who is she the bitch ask. Don't worry about who I am I say but don't worry I'm not hi--- then he interrupted me and says she my girl he says. I gave him the craziest look and says ummm who told u--- here he comes interrupting me again saying come on bae let's go he say grabbing me. The girl looked mad. Wtf is your problem I say to him y u tell her I was yo girl. We were walking out of the school. Cuzz that's the only how her ass wudve moved tf around and swerved he says. Mmmhm yo ass enjoyed her company I didn't see u trying to do nun when she was rubbing yo chest I say as he opened the car door for me. Oooh so u were watching me he says and in plus why does it even matter to u smart ass. It doesn't and wasn't nobody watching yo ass I say buckling my seat belt (I'm pretty sure if he's a moron he drives like a moron). Yea whatever he says starting the ignition. He cut on some music and Chris Brown song was on New Flame. I hate this nigga he says but this beat cole he says I laughed. Why do boys hate him I say. Cuz his lul light bright ass irritating Jeremiah says. Y'all just haters I say. Nah not really. Then this nigga started to sing and I know u came here witcho crewwww ooohh wooowww but I promise u dat it feels like its just us two ohhh I don't know what u had plans to do tonight but I jus wanna be the one to do u ritee riteeeeeee and we standing here looking at each other baby eye to eye and I'm hoping that u thinkin bout leaving with me toniteeeeee u said u came for the love in the club and I'm not gone tell anyone u can come and get me try a new thanggg u just sparked a new flameee u gon be my baby love me like u crazy tell me if u ready baby come and get me try a new thangg u just sparked a new flameeeee he sung then he stopped u can sing I say very surprised. Uggghhh u was listening to me he says smart mouth. Yea u can sing dumb ass I ant no thugs cud sing I say how come u don't sing u gotta talent my nigga. Cuz I don't like singing he says and shorty u beta not tell anyone u heard me singing that breaks the nigga code he says cuz its gon be u and me. Nigga I ant scared of u I say but I won't say nun goofy. Ight big mouth but u betta watch yo language u must've forgot it is just u and me he says smirking. And what's that suppose to mean I say. U know exactly what it means he says. No not really I say. Then after that he starts kissing me. I don't know why but I didn't even reject it I actually put my arms around this fool neck. Mmmmm I say pushing him off. He started to laugh lul ma cudnt take the pressure he says smirking. I catches my breath and then says ummm first off he gave yo ass permission to kiss me. My ownself duhhhhh he says and yo ass liked it I see u didn't resist it he says smiling. Ugghhh I say I don't like u u know that I tell him. If u didn't like me u wudnt have kissed me back he says.