
Jassiah POVWe had just made it back from handlin business. We had blood on us it was all coo doe cuz we was rockin all black. Watchall wana do na I say. I wana smoke some dope Rocky says. Yea I need me sum gasoline I say. Fizz den rolled up a blunt den took a puff. He passed to me and I blew it twice, dey say I'm hoggish wen it comes to weed. After dat I passed it to twin. I can't believe his ass fina have a baby, and by Shay. Uk wat dat explains alotta shii, y ha ass was lookin a hot mess da next day after Valentine's day. Dey asses a trip, dey act like dey don't like each otha den da next minute dey doin some crazy shii. Na I'm fina be a uncle. I knew twin ass was gone have a baby sooner or later. Damnn Miah u got Shay pregnant D says. Yea he says pulling off da blunt again. I can't believe you hit dat D says she fine asl. Yea ik Miah says already high asl. If I hit it ima tear it up D says. But nigga u ant gon hit it she off limits I'm not sharin the cake twin says. Ite bet D says. Wats dis I hear bout Lul J becomin a daddy Fizz says. Jeremiah laughed yepp ya boii gon be a daddy. I hope it ant by nun of dese hoodrats Fizz says. Cuz dey wud put a nigga on child support real quick. Hell nahhh buhh ima have to bring ha by here one day he tells dem, and she gotta twin dat Siah go wit. Woooo sense wen rocky says. Sense Valentine's day we both say. U been goin wit Shay sense Valentine's day? D asked Miah. Nahh dats wen I hit it Miah says. We ant neva claim each otha or say we was in a relation he says. Aww so u not gon cuff ha D says, cuz u betta b4 anotha nigga do. Ant no nigga gon get ha if I don't want em to, Shay kno betta, even if we not in a relationship she still my babymama and she kno betta den to give sumbody else a piece of the cake. I got da first slice if uk wat I mean Miah says then Rocky and Javon dapped him, I just shook my head. So watchall havin dey asked him. Ion kno dey said sum we find out like next month Miah says. So wat do u wanna have we all asked em. A son of course he says doing his tf face. Like my son would be flee asl and would stay wit da newest shoes out. I'll teach my lul nigga everythang ik, my son gon kno how to shoot niggas at 1 years old he says. We laughed u slow. Y'all think I'm playin buhh im dead ass he says wit a serious face. I just shook my head. And he wud be getting all da hoes twin says all confident n shii. True truee dey all said, I just pulled off da blunt sum mo times.************************
Me and bae was discussing wat colors we was gon wear to prom. Wat about blue and gold I said. Oooo yea dat wud be cute! Nay said all excited. I laughed den said witcho happy ass. Shut up she says pushin me n my chest. U betta stop before I unleashed da beast I say. And I'm suppose to be scared Chynah says laughin. Yeaa I say. Watchu gon do bust outcho shirt like incredible hawk? Well if u want me to I say smirkin. U so crazy she says kissing me. But chu like it doe I say kissing her den pulling ha close. UK u my foreva rite i say grippin ha by her waist. Yeaa I betta be she says with ha arms round my neck. Well lemme show u I say. I start suckin on ha neck. Siahhhhh... She says softly. U gon make my skin turn purple she says. I finally stopped cuz I ant want ha lookin like baby bop wit all dem purple spots. See I went easy on u, u only got 1 hickey I told ha. She grabbed da pillow and whacked me wit it. Ite bet I grabbed a pillow off ha bed and start chasin ha round da room. Bring dat ass here I ran towards ha like I was bout to tackle ha but instead I picked ha up and start swingin ha around. Say sorry I tell ha. Nope she says wit a smirk. Ite bet i say holdin ha n da air. Nooo u betta not slam me! She scream. Den I softly slammed ha on da bed. Na wat was dat shii u was tlking I smirk showin my dimples, while pinned on top of ha. U heard me she says wit a smirk. After dat I squeezed ha booty. Ouchh... She says. Wats all dat noi— ohhhhhh... Shay says wit ha eyebrows raised, I'll be leaving now. Chynahs face got red she was embarrassed. Ayshah gainin weight sense she got pregnant. If she gainin weight from bein pregnant imagine Chynah bein pregnant. A nigga wudnt be able to help his self. Why u do dat Chynah says hittin me n da chest.Chynah tried to pull up but I still had a type of grip on ha. Un uh where u think u goin I ask ha. Lemme gooo Siahh she says smirkin. Wats da magic words I ask ha. Lemme go or ima stab u she says laughing. Nope da words is im srry bigdaddy Siah I won't disobey yo sexy ass again I tell ha. Um I'm not sayin dat she says. OK den I say as I began to start tickling ha.