
⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽⛽
15 mins later we pulled up to dudes crib and I gotta say his shit was nice. Y'all ready Fizz says. I was onnat ass the whole ride gettin on his name some Fizz. Like Fizz that come out pop get tf outta here yo ass will been and got popped. But Fizz ass cool doe. Yea we ready we all say we put on our ski mask and popped out. This is like one of the stupidest things only a dumb ass wud do, how in tf are u going to be a trap lord and don't have no fuckin body guards surrounding yo house, what is the world coming to. We then busted in the door. Wtf is that I heard someone say I guess its that dude West or w.e. ight we gone split rocky says find somewhere to hide, and when he least expect it one of us is going to lay his ass flat. Twin nodded in agreement. I went in rolled my ass under the couch and hided. Ion kno where the rest of they asses crept off to. Who tf in here u won't be hiding for long bitch ass muthafucka when I found out who u are I'm really gon fuck u up West says. I just sniggled a little cuz this nigga sound like a straight cake u already know he's a dumbass he doesn't have no type of security to protect him or his family smdh. Whos there he says a here him loading his a.k. 47. Then I heard someone fire. Under the couch I saw somebody's body drop to the floor it was West laying there with a bullet in his neck his ass was jerking around like he was having a seizure. Fizz kept shooting his body with that glock blood was flying. Then his wife came down and said is everything OK West then she saw us and his body. Wtf have y'all done then she starts crying holding his body u stupid bastards. Bitch u betta shut up Rocky says then he shot her in the face. Her shit splattered all over the wall yuck. I start cracking the fuck up how he just blew that bitch head off was ridiculous. Then kids came running out saying mommy and daddy then crying looking at us. Y'all killed my parents one said. I'm calling the police one said and started yelling after that point I just shooted the little bitch in her stomach and she fell to the ground with blood pooring out her mouth. Twin Omfg u just killed a kid bro Jassiah says to me lookin shook. And a little girl at that he says. Well the little bitch shudve kept her mouth close I said without any remorse. Omg omg the little boy says crying looking at his family. Why did u guys have to kill my family he says crying on his knees with his head in his hands he was shaking like a crack head or some. I just shrugged. Well since u saw us kill your FAM were going to kill u to u look like u wud snitch Rocky says. Please please I beg of u I want tell he says on his knees crying begging for his life. Mann don't do it don't kill em twin says looking at the little boy pleading. Before anyway could say anythang else Rocky shot the little boy in the chest.  He flew to the ground with blood leaking out of his chest. We outta here Javon says with duffle bags on his shoulders draggin them down the stairs. Is that the merchandise me and Rocky says. Yea he says and everyone grabbed a duffle bag or help carry one, then  quickly ran out. We heard sirens we hopped the fence. And ran to the car hurry up drive the fuck off everyone rushes Fizz after that we sped off.