
Jeremiah POV2 1/2 weeks later
I was chilling at the trap with my guys. We was watching basketball it was the hawks going against the bulls. Bulls was getting they ass whooped. Jimmy had just made a shot for the bulls and tried to get they ass back on track that shit didn't work. Fizz passes me the blunt and I took a puff off of it. Mannnnn Rocky practically jumps out his seat when that white ass nigga Doug McDermott how ever the fuck u say his name made 2 3pt shots back to back. Man this shit fu gang fr Derrick says. I laughed at them I was feeling good rite na. Man they asses gon loose yall might as well cut this shit off Jassiah says pulling off of the blunt. Dis shit crap Javon says then gets the remote and turn off the flat screen. So what we on today he says. Shii wat y'all wanna do D says. Ion kno let's go to the strip club I say. Ight bet Ricki says. Erbody got up and we rode in the Rover sense it was a lot of our asses. On the way their we listened to some hood shit. Gas and mud leanin I'm smoking dope that molly water oh my gas and mud I pop a flex for turning up gas and mud don't come if u gas and mud ant got it all gas and bitch I smoke gas I'm leaning gas im sleepy gas and then gas I'm smoking dope I'm smoking dope gas I'm lea-lea leaning. Drugs drug drug slipping off them zanies she want to turn up got ha off the shits and out ha panties I ant gotta sprung with the molly she den came ready all ready light up a bi Marley smoking dead niggas my shoota cut a red nigga don't let them drugs get to yo head nigga get killed poon pun lotta lean lotta smoke lotta money lotta bitches lotta jokes that's turning up no 3 packs of Newport don't get smoked can't keep up wit my fashion cuz yo money to short from L.A. and my A alway to new York I be off them drugs boy I can't feel my face.... We kept singing. Then we listened to some Chief keef. Ricki u can't pull no hoes I tell em. Ight bet he says. U cant u don't get no P I say. Aw if I can't pull a girl well how come yo wanna be bitch was twerkin on me at D's party last month. Bitch she don't want u she was just drunk dats y she danced witcho goofy ass I say. Nahh nigga u just mad jealouse Ricki says in his lil Durk voice.  Nigga wat I'm jealous for wen I pull way more hoes den u, explain??? I say and yo ass betta shutcho muthafuckin mouth for I lay yo ass out like how I did last month. Ricki I just advise u to chill cuz he knocked yo ass out cold at my party, we had to pour cold water on yo ass to wake u up D says. Siah was just laughing shaking his head I can tell he was high asl. Damn he gave yo ass a reality check Rocky and Fizz says. Fizz shutcho ass up before I pop yo ass then some fizz gon come outcho body foreal Ricki says. Nigga u don lost yo mind lil boy do uk I will murder u in cold blood, where I come from which was Memphis,  if u talked too much or said some disrespectful shit we wud cut cho muthafucking lips off and put em and yo mama mailbox with a letter saying yo child got his ass killed for disrespect, so u betta shut tf up and watch yo mouth before yo moma be crying and screaming Fizz tells Ricki. Ricki was silent now. U a p.ssy Jassiah said to Ricki laughing extra hard then pointing at him. This dude was high as a muthafuckin kite. Man shut up talking to me Ricki says to twin. Hahahhhah Ricki u must not know who u talking to, u's a BITCH twin says to him I will fuck yo ass up then go and tell yo moma I did it then ill spit on yo muthafuckin grave Siah says all up in Ricki's face. I ant gon lie my twin is a muthafuckin savage wen he high. Javon starts laughing and says so u just gon take dat shit from them u gon let dem talk shit to u he says instigating and trying to send Ricki ass off. Nahh man ant nobody gon talk shit to me Ricki says making his voice husky then shrugging up his shoulders. He looks at Javon for approval. Javon just smirks at him. U ready to beat they ass Ricki asks Javon. Nigga who said I was helping u Javon says u must be dumb. Y'all kno wat let his lame ass out my car I say before I bust a cap in his ass. Quickly he was tossed out the car onto the curb by Fizz and Rocky. ************************