
Chynah POV
Today was one of dem boring days. Siah cudnt come spend da day wit me becuz he claims he had "biziness to handle". So most likely ima be in da crib. I think twin in ha room sleep. She been sleeping alot lately, and she's still sick. Tbh she's been actin closed off and weird. I decided to go to her room and knock on the door. Who is it she said with attitude. Its nay open up. Wattttt do u want she said still wit dat stank ass attitude. Just open de damn door i said getting irritated. Cuz ha ass starting to piss me off fr. She came and stood by da door. So wat do u want I was sleep she says. Are u going to let me in or wat I say. She rolled her eyes and opened the door all the way. She walked back to her bed and layed down. Soo y u in here she asked me. I came in here to check on u you've been actin real weird lately, wats going on Shay. Nothin nay damn shay snaps. You don't need to get smart wit mi I'm askin I wana help I'm ur sista not only dat ur twin. Nothin see dats ur damm problem na u sit n worry bout erbody else worry about cho fvuckin self she says. OK I just tried to help but fuck it I'm done I'll ttyl I say getting up. Wait! Nay Ayshah says about to cry. Why are u about to cry I say. I'm sorry for getting mad at you I got somethin to tell u she says. Wat I say. U promise not to get mad at me she says. Jus tell me I say impatiently. You member valentines day rite she says. Of course I say. And u member wen I came home da next day lookin a hot mess she says. Yea i remember y I say. Because the night before me and Jeremiah slept together she says lookin down. U did wat so ur not a virgin anymore I thought u and Jeremiah didn't even like each other WTF twin! I say I'm mad asl na. Ik I messed up she says crying. Yeaa u messed up alright did u guys at least use protection I ask. No we were drunk i wasn't thinkin she says. REALLY TWIN FUCK! I say angry picking up something and throwing it at da wall. You guys r too fuckin old to be actin so immature n stupid I say I'm very disappointed den u Shay mom and daud taught u beta den dis. Ik ik I fucked up Nay I'm just scared I think I'm pregnant she says. Like u r not ready to be a mom n Jeremiah sure as hell ant ready to be sumbodies daddy I say. U guyz aren't even fuckin together so ur just laying up havin unprotected sex wit someone ur not even in a relationship wit I say. OK Nay ik i screwed up im scared wat if I am pregnant wat will mom and dad think of me she says crying. I start to rub her back twin u really screwed up I say but I'm about to head to da store n buy a pregnancy test. OK she says. And you stay here I say walking out of her room shaking my head. I went to my room and slipped on my black and pink Nike sliders I had on a tank top and some pajama pants. I grabbed the car keys to da Lexus and walked downstairs then left out da front door. Once I got in the car I put on my seatbelt, cut on the radio then pulled off. I cut up feeling myself by Nicki ft Beyonce. Male or female it makes no difference I stop da world world stop carry on pretty on fleek pretty on fleek pretty gang always keep dem niggas on geek riding thru Texas feed em for his breakfast ertime I whip it I be tlkin so reckless he say dam Nicki u tight I say yea nigga u rite he say damn bae u so little but chu be really taking dat pipe I say yes daddy I do give me brain like myu I say teach me nigga teach me all dis learning here's by u. I cut off da car engine and got out. I walked inside and walked to da cash register. Excuse me do uk where the pregnancy tests are i asked the cashier. 2 aisles down she said. I walked into the aisle wit da pregnancy tests. I got a first response pregnancy test because they say dem da best. I walked back up to da counter and sat the test up dere. So gurrrr who got u knocked up da girl cashier asked. First off bitch its not for me so mind yo fuckin business and stay outta minds I tell her. Dang OK OK dats nun of my bizness she says with her hands up in surrender. I gave her the money grabbed the test and walked out. I went to the car hopped in and pulled off.************************