
Ayshah POV
I was down in V.I.P taking a couple of shots with my gurls and guys. Ayoo Shay u wana dance, Ricki asked. Come on I say we was dancing to Ca$h Out-She twerk it. I started twerkin on him surprisingly he kept up with my speed. He was holding my hips as if he was guiding me. Wtf is u doing I heard someone say. I saw Jeremiah with a wine glass in his hand. Who tf u talking to i ask him. I'm talking to u, yo ass ova here grinding and twerkin on his bitch ass Miah says mad asl. Who tf u calling a bitch Ricki says cuz we can T'up. After that Miah punches him in the face and knocks him out cold. Damnnnnnnnn I heard people saying. Talm bout T'up bitch ass ant even know competition Miah says drinking some more of his drink. Na come on let's dance Miah says. No nigga I'm not dancing withcho dumb ass I tell em. Stop trying to show out in front of these people Miah says. I'm not showing out fo no muthafuckin body u r not my daddy and u don't fuckin own me I say so nigha move arownd wit al dat I say. See this nigga making me mad and making my Caribbean accent come out. I went and sat back at a stool at the table with my friends. I knew Jeremiah was standing behind me but I didn't give a fuck. Shawty u wana dance Miah asks Layla staggering a little. Layla looks at me I guess asking for my approval I just shrugged. They started to walk away and went to go dance. I just finished drinking and talking. Why didn't u go dance with Miah fine ass Keisha asks me. Cuz I don't like his ass he just drives me to a point where I wana fucking kill him and strangle his ass I say. Aw well if that was me he wudnt be able to control this big ass country booty she says I laughed.
I was chugging I had to drink all this beer while Romelle poured it down my throat while I layed on the table. Goooooooo twin people were saying. Some people were saying CHUG CHUG CHUG CHUG they cheered me on. I kept gulping that shit down. I knew if twin came down here and saw me doin this she wud literally try and beat my ass, buhh shiii oh well YOLO. I finished and they was screaming Yay TWINNN TWINN TWINNN. I got up and D patted my shoulders and laughed. I hopped off of the table while staggering. Then D asked for a dance. I was jiggling my ass left and right. Once i was done I told my friends to come on the dance floor and we was dancing on each other. Sooo I see this is the turn down for wat clique Miah says I wana join he says smiling. I laughed and grabbed him. Try me by Dej Loaf came on and I start grinding on him. He was holding my hips and I felt him pull me close. Our chest were touching one another. Then I started rolling on him and twerkin my shit was jumping and jiggling everywhere. He pulled me close to where I was twerking in between his legs. Then the song switched over to Beyoncé song I think its called in the air or some shit like that, ion kno shit I'm drunk. I started making my hips go up and down like how Shakira does. He started holding them trying to guide them. After the song went off me and Miah kissed and then we start tongue kissing. A moan then escaped my mouth he laughed I did too. # I'm drunk asf. We then saw Jassiah and Chynah come in and they looked then spotted us. I see y'all having a good time Nay says eyeing me. Jassiah was shaking his head then says yea a little bit too much fun. I started smirkin and scratching my hair, and Miah was laughing. Come here twin says grabbing my arm pulling me to the side. What de fucking poort dont u onderstand about curry yurselve like the beutiful yang laddie u are she says. I can tell she was mad cuz when we get mad that's when our accent comes out. I laughed girl calm down its a party lighten up I say. No u don't tel mi to liten up ya ass needa briten up and act like u got some home tranin Nay says. I just walked right past her ass cuz she not about to kill my vibe fr. Bring ya ass here na she says yelling now her ass was speaking Caribbean language. I just ignored her and walked elsewhere. Then Big Sean I dont fuck with you came on. I started jamming. Tanya walked up to me and says so I see how u feel u ant come say hey or nothing to me she says. I just hopped on the top of the table where the drinks were and started to sing I don't fuck witchuu u lul stupid ass hoe I ant fucking witchu I gotta million trillion thangs I rather fucking do then to be witchu lul stupid ass ion give a fuck ion give a fuck ion give a fuck ion ion give a fuck about u or anything that u do don't give a fuck about u or anything that u do I sang pointing at Tanya ass the whole time. People were cracking up. Nay came and nearly drugged me off the table and said wtf is ya prablem twin we are leaving. Then I yelled TURN DOWN FOR WAT!!! Erbody was laughing and cheering me on a nigga feel loved. Sorry about what Shay did excuse her she drunk she dont know what she is doin Nay says. Yea wateva Tanya says walking away. I started laughing and said I ment erthang I said. We are ready to go twin says to Jassiah. OK he says lemme go get this nigga he says and grabbed Miah. Mayne lemme go Miah says to Siah trying to snatch away. I laughed we not ready to go u 2 square lame ass niggas can leave I say. Once wegot in the car Miah was having a hissy fit cuz he wanted to sit in the back with me. Nooo yo ass staying in the front twin Siah says to him cuz bout time the ride ova this gur wud been and have lost her virginity. I just smirked. And twin rolls her eyes at me. The ride home was mainly quiet besides Miah's snoring.