
Jeremiah's POV
When I opened the hotel room door, Ayshah jumped on me and wrapped her legs around my waist. We fell on the bed and began to make out. I started to pull up her dress. She was now only in ha bra and panties. Then she start unbuttoning my shirt, then pants. She took off my polo boxers and her eyes got wide eyed when she saw my friend I laughed. I unstrapped her bra and me and her tugged her underwear off. She rolled on top of me and we did our thang. She start moaning miahhhhhh!!! once I entered. Ooohhhh weee it was so tight I felt like I was gon sophicate. She was clawing me in my back and speaking her Caribbean language  and i was pulling her hair. We just kept going on for 2 hrs straight and she know how to ride she gon be my ride or die bitch fr. Once we were done we both were outta breath but she was breathing real hard. I tore it up, i be shutting shit down u already know. We turned to face each other and she laid on my chest looking at my tats. We just looked into each other eyes and before you know it we K.O.Next morning
Jeremiah wake up I felt Ayshah shaking me. Hmmmm wat I say groaning man im tied. Do u kno wat we did last night she tells me. Yea ik duhhh I was there I told her. I know u was idiot I jus can't believe it she says. U don't remember it well I do I says grinning. She smacked me on the chest. Ouch wat u do dat for I say to her. Like be foreal Jeremiah I just lost my virginity to you she says. I am bae calm down I say trying to spit game. Who said I was yo bae she says sitting up on the bed next to me. I did I say. Yea wateva she says waving me off. Mmmhhm gurrr u kno u liked yesterday I say. Well I'm not gon lie and say I didn't like it she says to me. Then come here and give daddy some smooches I say to her. U so slow she says to me. I grabbed her and pulled her close to me, as our chest connected  we started kissin really sloppy. I started kissing her on her neck and sucking on it giving her some hickies. Miahhhhhhhh stoppppp she said softly. I kept going cuz ha ass know she liked dis shit. U know I like u with honey blonde I tell her u shudve got light blonde we wudve had the same hair color I tell her. Wateva but I needa get home fo I get in trouble my mom, daud and Chynah prolly wondering where I'm at she says. Sooo, forget dem let's finish celebrating I tell her hopping on top of her. Fr Jeremiah my head is banging rite na I have a fuckin hangover she says.  Gurl calm down yo ass not the only wit a fucking hangover I tell her. OK but can u give me a ride home, I have no other way to get there she says slipping on her dress. Aight here i come where's my shirt I say to her as I was putting on my pants. Here she says tossing it to me. Thanks smart ass I say smirking. Wateva dumb ass she says putting on her heels. Don't tell no body bout dis she tells me. Why tf don't u want nobody to kno? u ashamed of me I say getting a lil mad. No, its nobody's fucking business I don't need people thinking of me as the sluttish twin, my sista still has her innocence she says to me. Goddam u r not yo twin y'all r 2 different people ik they say twins do erthang together, man fuck dat u yo own self me and my twin don't do erthang together I tell her. Jeremiah dats not de fvuckin point she says yelling. Stop fucking yellin at me I tell her. U know wat just take me home she says. Ight I say we walked to the Rover and got in. The whole ride was in silence. Drop me off at the end of the block she told me. I dropped her off and drove to my crib.