
Their mom in the mmA month laterChynah POV
It was lunch time and all of us was sitting at the table talking. So... Chynah, Jassiah says. Yea i say. U wana just chill and hang out just the 2 of us he says. Umm yea sure I say. OK coo I was thinking we can go out to the movies then get something to eat he says unless u wanted to do sum else. Ohh nah dats coo I say. Ight I'll be at cho crib at 6:30 he says. Ok I say. For the remainder of lunch we just talked, joked, and ate.************************
I was at my locker getting my stuff out to go home. Siah was right here with me talking to me. So are we still on for tonight he asked me. Yepp I say. OK coo he says smiling showing his pretty smile, I never noticed but he had dimples and they were sexy too. I was sorta staring at him but I don't know why. U know staring is rude right he says laughing. Boii bye I wasn't staring at chu I said laughing. Oh really he says. Yepp I say. Then he start staring at me back. Stop staring at me I say laughing. Na u see how it feels he says. We started looking at each other. Mmm mm mmm Ayshah says acting like she is coughing. We both laughed. I'm sorry to ruin y'all lul moment but me and twin gotta bounce she says. OK here I come I say. Dang Shay u so rude Siah says laughing. She just shrugged. Where yo bro at I ask him. Shit ion kno let me go find his ass he says. I'll catch up wit y'all later he says. Then he came and gave me a hug my heart fluttered for some reason. OK byee Shay says to him grabbing me by my arm then dragging me. Siah laughed then shook his head. I laughed to and waved good bye to him. Me and Ayshah walked to the parking lot, then made our way to the Benz. Ayshah hopped in the drivers seat, and I got in the passenger's. She cut on the radio and turned to Nicki Minaj only. I Neva f.ck wit Wayne I neva f.ck wit drake on my life man fuck sake. But if I did I wudve minajed wit em n let em eat my ass like a cupcake. My man full he just ate, ion duck nobody but tape. Yea that was a setup for a punchline on duck tape. Don't worry about if my but fake, worry about yall sittin up straight these girls are my sons wit dat john and Kate plus 8  . We sang. She then cut down the radio. So wats up wit u n lul August Alsina wanna be she says laughing. I laughed and said what are you talking about. I never did tell her me and jassiah kissed. And that we were about to kiss again. You know exactly what I'm talm bout the way u guys look at each other she says. What you mean the way we look at each other, regularly???. Its rude not to give eye contact with the person you are talking to I say. No u guys look at each other like there's something there like some feelings she says. Noooo I say fake laughing I felt my cheeks getting hot, we are just friends that's it I say. Yea wateva u say twin she says. U shudve seen the way u guys hugged each other, if I wudnt have pulled u y'all wudve still prolly been hugging she says. Mmmm wateva Shay I say. Fr Nay wud make a cute couple u guys are cute together she says. We just friends hun I tell her. For now she says doing a sneaky or mischeveious face. I just shook my head. So wats up witchu and the fake Chris Brown, we both laughed. Nothing I mean we get along betta then we use to she says. So do u have feelings for him I say. Noooooooooo we just conversate sometimes nothing special he still gets on my last nerves she says. I laughed then said yea rite u guys act like partners in crime. Pssshh she says. We pulled up to our crib. Ayshah cut off the ignition, then we got out of the car. I unlocked the door and we walked inside. Ma, daud we both said. I'm in the kitchen our mom says. Hayyy mommy we both say sitting at the table. Hi my beautiful daughters she says so how was school she asked us. It was coo we both say. How was ur day mommy we asked our sexy ass mom. My mommy a nice lul redbone the same complexion as me na y'all see where I get my color from. But she looks young and her body looks sexy and she is 38. But anyways back to the story. I'm cooking u guy's favorite tonight, biscuits with gravy, baked chicken, mash potatoes, and sweet creamy corn my mom says. Yasss we both say. Aww but mom I'm going out tonight can u wrap me up a plate and put it in the fridge for when I come home I say. And where are you going she asked me. Yea where are you going twin ask. I'm going out with a friend to the movies then we are going to grab something to eat I say. U going out wit jassiah twin asked me. I gave her a look. Then she gave me an apologetic looks meaning her bad. Whose jassiah, nay don't be holding out on me my mom says. I laughed. Is it a boy, u gotta little boyfriend dontchu she says sounding ghetto asl. Yes it is a boy but he is not my boyfriend he just a friend I say reassuringly. Awwwwwwn my babies are growing up on me my mom says wiping away a fake tear. Mom stop being dramatic my twin says to our mom. Gurrrr hush my mom says to her. But is he cute my mom asked me. Ohhhh yasss shay says to mom he is fineeee. I laughed and said yea he's a cutie ma. Ohhh but did I mention he is a twin I told her. He is and he does!! My mom says excited for some reason. Then I looked at Ayshah. She shook her head cuz she already knew what type of shit I was on. Yea his name is jeremiah, that's twins buddy I say smirking at twin. Oh reallyyy my mom says looking at twin. We are not buddy we just hang a lul he irratates me so much she says. U know what they say when a boy irratates you and bothers you he likes u, that's a boy's way of getting your attention mom says. Yea rite mom Ayshah says. Is he cute or nahh? Mom says in her or nah voice, I was dead. Yea he's cute we both say. Are they identical twins she asked us. Nope fertinal we guess, me and shay says. But his looks makes up for how annoying and silly he is shay tells mom. My mom laughed. I gotta go get ready he will be here by 6:30 I tell them. So does this mean y'all going on a date twin asked me from the kitchen. Noooo I yelled as I was going up the stairs. I walked in the bathroom and stayed in the shower for 20mins. I wrapped the towel around me and walked to my room. I walked to my closet and started looking for something to wear. I put on my hello kitty white and pink belly top with my overall stonewashed blue jeans with one strap hanging off my shoulder. I put on my all white Jordan 7s. I added a little makeup and blush, then I put on my pink lipstick. I put my hair into a neat high top bun, and then I put in my studs. Opps almost forgot then I added my gray contacts I haven't wore these in a while.and finally to top everything off I put on my silver necklace that said Chynah with carrots in each letter of my name. I walked to twins room to ask her how I looked. How do I look I said. Ayeee baby gurr let me get dem digits twin says making her voice husky trying to sound like a boy, I laughed. So does this mean I look cute I say. Duhhhh gayl she says. Thnx girly I tell her. No problem but u betta come back in here witcho virginity just like how u left outta here with it she tells me I laughed. Girl stop thinking negative and u don't have to worry cuz ant nobody getting in this cookie jar. We both laughed. But seriously u shud call up jeremiah and u guys go have fun or some I say. She gave me a stale face. Wat I say. U know wat she says throwing a pillow at me then texted on her phone. Who u talking to I say. One of my birds she said. I shook my head. I'm feeling myself I'm feeling myself I'm feeling im feeli-- hello I say. Aw OK I'm on my way out. Alright. I ran to my room grabbed my white and pink purse then headed down stairs. Can I meet em can I meet em pleaseee my mom says sounding like a kid. Not today ma maybe some other time I promise. Alright lil girl she says. I gave her a kiss and ran to his car and hopped in.Can y'all comment like I haven't had no comments and I got like a 1000 views like come on. Because I need to kno wat i can do to make it betta. But no rude comments cuz I ant wit all dat shit