
Chynah POV
Today was the party. Me and twin was getting ready we were riding with Jassiah and Jeremiah. I got out the bathroom and looked for something to wear. I decided to wear my overall stone washed blue jean skirt with my acid washed belly top that said Balling in pink letters. I then put on my blue and pink Jays. I added my pink Nicki Minaj Barbie chain. I put in my studs then applied pink lipstick. After that I did my hair and put some moose and oil sheen in it to make it wavy. I just sat on my phone texting and SnapChating people waiting until Ayshah was ready. I walked to her room and knocked on her door she looked cute. She had on her white stone washed belly top that said Baddie in baby blue letters with her faded overall skirt like mines and her white and baby blue jays. And her hair was wavy too. We was on fire. We took some pics in her room and uploaded em. Texting conversationJassiah: In front of y'all crib.Chynah:ite here we comeJassiah: lol ok
They outside I say to Ayshah. Ight gee lemme get my purse she says. Once she got her purse we walked downstairs to see my mom and dad cuddled on the couch. Yal have fon na my dad says in his Caribbean accent and curry yerselves like the buetiful yang laddies u are. And don't get into any trouble mama says. We then say and our Caribbean accent we  will daud and we won't mommy. Ight peace Ayshah says chunking up her dueces. We walked to their Jag(Jaguar) then we hoped in. Wassup y'all Siah says. Hayy Jassiah we both say. Hey Ms. Quiet as a mouse and the smart ass motor mouth Miah says. Hay idiot we both say rolling our eyes. I can't stand u Ayshah says. Feelings mutual Jeremiah says shrugging his shoulders. We listened to music and Jeremiah was trying to sing and shit like nooo my nigga. I think my ears hurt I say covering them. Jassiah laughs and says I feel u shaking his head. Like damn will yo big mouth ass stfu and stop messing up every song that comes on Ayshah says sounding annoyed. U can't tell me to stfu who tf u think u are this  is my car shorty and last time I check u wasn't saying that or complaining about my big mouth when we kis-- miah says before twin interrupted him and says ummmm can y'all cut on the music this is my favorite song she says looking nervous for some reason. He smirked, then she whispered something to him. They both were looking guilty?¿ why do both of y'all look like y'all den committed a crime Jassiah says. Damnnn manne don't worry about it Miah says sounding agitated. Nigga I was just asking don't be raising yo voice at me cuz u can pipe down with all that fr man Siah says looking a little mad. Then stop asking so many damn questions then Miah says. Ight fuck it then w.e. twin I'm not fina argue with u Siah says. Nobody said u was Miah says. OK then so wtf r u still talking to me Siah says. Cuz I can nigga Miah says simple. OK damn twin stfu man gosh Siah says mad. No I own my muthafuckin self im a grown ass man u don't tell me wtf to do Miah says. OK twin nobody says they did but u can stfu talking to me on some real nigga shit Siah says. Can y'all stop arguing I say. Ight I will I'm not gon even let nobody ruin my day cuz I'm having a good day Siah  says focusing on the road. OK so I'm going to ask and I'm going to ask nicely wtf is going on I say. Ight fine twin says me and dis nigga kissed. Me and Siah starts laughing, while Shay and Miah looked confused. What's so funny they both say curious. How come y'all just didn't say nothing we both says. Cuz maybe I ant won't nobody to kno I kissed this fool and actually embraced it and didn't pull away Shay says. And I didn't want nobody knowing I kissed this smart mouth motor mouth ass girl ha shit run like a car engine Miah says. Bimbo u the  one who talks to much and acts like a dumb ass like gtfo with all dat Shay says. See that shit rite dere that's wat I'm talm bout every time I say some  she always got some smart, slick, outta body shit or comment to say out of her mouth Miah says. Well I wudnt have to say nothing if your ass wasn't always saying sum dumb stupid ass shit out of yo mouth Shay says. Shorty u can swerve with all of dat fr Miah says waving his hand disrespecting me in my car. Nigga u ant my daddy u can't tell me shit who tf u think u is and thought this was nigga plz Shay says. Fo sho shawty u can bounce Miah says. Ayeeee y'all can stop with all of dat shit we trying to have a smooth ride Siah says. Y'all ova here arguing like a married ass couple Siah says. Y'all niggas act like y'all fina attack each other in a minute now I say. They both start mumbling shit under their breath. And for the rest of the ride we just listened to music.