
First i wana give a shout out to all the people who started following me and voted for my stories. My biggest shout out go to the first 2 people who commented on my story they know who they are and i thank them for dat. Everybody else just ghost readers I guess.Jassiah POVFew days laterI was lookin thru my wardrobe to see wat a nigga was gon wear. I wanted to go pick up Chynah cuz I owed it to bae. I cudnt hang out with her nun last week cuz I been busy cuz alotta shii been goin on at da trap lately. I found a pair of my robbin jeans with my black shirt that said overated in yellow letters. Then matched dem up with my black and yellow Jordan's. After that I put n my big stud earring. I sprayed on some Ralph Lauren and I was good to go. I grabbed my phone and waited for twin to come out cuz his lazy ass wanted me to drop him off at da trap knowing dam well he cudve drove the otha car. Twin hurry tf up before I leave yo ass yelled. Fuck boii here i come he yelled. Y cudnt u drive to da trap yo damn self I ask. Cuz nigga I ant feel like it today u my mfing chauffeur. U thought DAT I say locking up da house. We hopped in the whip real quick. So where u fina go bro miah asked. I'm fina pick up Chynah, drop u off at da trap, then head off to da mall. Aww so basically u n yo boo fina be cakin it miah starts laughing and says lul fruity ass. But I'm the one fruity wit a whole girlfriend aw OK bitch u guessin I say. Nahhh he says. We conversated the way dere, made jokes, and listened to some hood shit. I parked in front of Chynah nem crib and cut off the ignition. Ight bro I'm fina stop in Chynah crib for a min I say. You shud come in maybe u n Ayshah cud catch up I say. Mannn ion kno she too arrogant he say n I ant got time for dat shii foreal bro.  U coming or nahhh i say. Ig he says. We walked up to dere crib and rung da bell. Chynah came to da door in some tight fitted sport shorts and a tight fitted blue tank top. My bae looked sexy asl a nigga cudnt help himself. Siahhh!!! Chynah says hopping up on me with her legs wrapped around my waist n her arms wrapped around my neck. Wassup bae u wasn't expecting me was you i say. Nahhh i missed u last week she says. I missed u too Nay. After that we gave each otha a peck on the lips. Uggg yall ugly Miah says. Fuck u I say. N who are u to judge Chynah says cutting her eyes at Miah. Woooooo u look like u wana kill em Nay y u lookin like dat. I ant worried bout mini me she like a midget Miah says making fun of Chynah height. No dats becuz ur a fvuckin giant she says to him. I just shook my head. Where Ayshah I asked Chynah. She's in her room she not feelin good Nay says. Damm smart ass still sick she must got EBOLA EBOLA twin says. Nay just looked at him and rolled her eyes. Twin stfu I say. And who is u tf u thought u was tlkin to Miah says. We all sat on the couch and start tlkin. We hear noise den we see Ayshah come from down the stairs. She start walking towards the kitchen once she noticed us. Wassup Shay i say. Hey Jassiah she says lowly. She looked a hot mess like she haven't slept in days. She looked at Miah den turned away. Wats good smart ass Miah says staring at Ayshah. She just looked at him and rolled her eyes. Mannn I ant got time fo dis shii fr I ant gotta kiss no trick ass ima be in the car miah says. Ight twin I say shaking my head. Yeaa bye ur welcome to leave anytime Ayshah says walking towards da door to let him out. I'm out shorty I'll leave yo crib Miah says. After dat Shay just slammed the door rite n twins face. Omg dey asses r crazy i thought. Ayshah walked back up to her room and slammed the door. Well dammm. I'm bout to go change Siah ill be rite back. Rudeeee I say. Wat she says. U jus gon leave me down here I neva seen yo room b4 I say. Awww my bad Chynah says laughing. I followed her to ha room. She opened da door and I went and plopped rite on the bed. I'll be rite back she says. Where u fina go I say. To go change she says. So u can't change rite here I say. Promise not to look she says. I pinky promise I say smirkin. I'm fr she says. OK i ant gon look I say. Cover your eyes she says. I covered my eyes and when she took off ha shirt I start peekin. Damm bae look sexy wit ha bra n panties. She put on a black belly top DAT said rich with 2 c's like the coco channel sigh n dey were gold while the rest of the letters were white. Then she put on some all black skinny jeans with gold chain hanging from dem. Finally she put on ha black and yellow Jordan's like mines. Ight u ready I asked. Yepp she says grabbing her Mk black purse. I followed her outta da room and downstairs then watched as she locked the door. I look outside nd I don't see da Rover. Ik dis nigga didn't leave with the duckin car. Wow so he was dat pissed off he left with the car Chynah says. I guess we taking the Benz she says. We walked to da car and she unlocked it. Get in she says. See dis wasn't how shit was suppose to go I was suppose to drive us to the mall but dis dumb ass drives off with da fuckin car i say. Its OK bae she says laughing calm down. Nahh I'm beatin his ass wen I get to da crib I say. Nay just shakes her head, then pulls off.***********************