
We pulled up to the party and Jassiah cut the engine off. Him and his twin stepped out. Jassiah had on a purple polo shirt with some true religion jeans and his grape 5's. He also had on a Rolex and a gold chain. Jeremiah had on a red polo shirt some true religion jeans, his Rolex and 2 gold chains and the bred 11's. Y'all look nice or w.e. I tell them. Thnx they both say y'all look good too. Thnx we both say. We walked inside of D's house in the party was turnt already they was playing lil Durk Party. Wassup mannn I'm glad y'all cud make it D says. No problem we say. We came to turn up man were the drinks at Miah asks. The food is over their on the table the drinks are in the basement and smoke Da'Shond says. The basement is V.I.P section he says its set up nice down there like a bar. Ight thanks man Jeremiah says and catches up with some friends and goes into the basement. Have fun y'all lemme kno if y'all need anythang D says. Alright we said. I caught up with my friends and Shay went and wondered off elsewhere. Hayyyy twin Tanya says giving me a hug. U look nice she says. So do u I say. She had on a tight fitted floral top with ruffles at the bottom, some pink leggings and some brown boots with ruffles on them. Aw na dem brown ass boots messed the outfit up it don't match with shit. That's my friend and all but that's nun of my bizness. So where Ayshah she ask. She went and wondered off somewhere I guess with some of her friends I say. I'm her friend too and the bitch cudnt drop by and say hey and shit like damn I see where we stand Tanya says. I started to laugh. Mann dat ant funny I feel like Ayshah don't really like me like dat cuz I can tell when a nigga don't won't to fuck with me she says. Gurrr calm down I say Ayshah likes u she just went mingling for a lul. Can't tell Can't tell she says buhh where them fine ass twins doe. They wondered off somewhere with their friends I think prolly in V.I.P section. Ight what u waiting on then let's go she says. Really I look at her what u need me for I say. Cuz ion wanna look like no clown I need a baddie by my side she says. Fine I say. We walked downstairs into the basement when the smell of weed and hard liquor hit my nose. Boys start turning around when they saw me. Hayyy twin, wassup chynah, ayee dats my lul gee rite dere they say. Hey I say looking around for the twins. I saw them with a couple of their guys. There they go Tanya says so excited nearly pissing her pants I swear she act like they famous or some smh. ight calm down I say before u shit your pants. She mugged me. Then we walked over to them. Wassup Chynah Jassiah says. Hey Jassiah I say. He starts to look at Tanya. Then Tanya nudges me. Ohhh my bad Siah this is my friend Tanya, Tanya this is my friend Jassiah I say. Wassup he says. Hayyy she says twirling her hair. Who is she Jeremiah says I can tell he was a lul tipsy. My friend Tanya I say. Aw the thirsty irrelevant bitch who be all up on our cocks he says laughing, then his friends started laughing. Tanya started looking like she felt a lul shitty and quickly tries to stand her ground. Who u talking to I'm not no bitch she says. Aw u thought dat Miah says laughing. Mann twin stop being disrespectful moma taught us beta den dat Siah says. Man fuck ha we on love these hoes Miah says then him and his friend made a toast cheers to dat he says then finishes taking shots. I'm not a hoe don't compare to no other girls Tanya says. Miah starts to laugh and says bitches be like I'm not no hoe, pssshh bxch plz he say. His friends were now cracking the fuck up. Man stfu Siah says then turns around and give them this evil ass look like he not playing. They instantly shuted up. Are you OK I ask Tanya. Yea I'm fine she says. Sorry excuse my bro he's a lul mentally challenged Siah says to Tanya. She started to laugh.