
Anotha shout out go to Milasia for commenting on the story with a simple plz update.Ayshah POVWeek laterI woke up and went to the bathroom to pee. After I was done I decided to take a shower. I stayed in dere for about 20 mins. I put on some red sweats wit a red tight fitted tank top. I layed across the bed trying to think. I really don't want to tell him im pregnant n especially by him. I don't kno how I'm going to tell mom and daud its just alot. I hate dis but I gotta do da right thing. Texting convoMe: JeremiahHim: Watchu wantMe: we needa tlkHim: Im busy n y tf wud u wana tlk to me anyways shortyMe: Cuz its important can u come ova my houseHim: ion kno I was busyMe: y tf u gotta make shit so difficult its seriousHim: ight w.e. I'm omwEnd of convoI'm just so fuckin scared, stressed and depressed. I just sat dere watching TV wanting to cry my fuckin eyes out. I started to drift to sleep den da door bell rang. I walked downstairs to the front door then answered it. Come in I say. So shorty watchu call me ova here for he says with attitude. Like I'm tryna be nice n dis bitch pushin it. We needa go to my room. Wateva he says following me to my room. Both of us sat on the bed. So wats soooo important he says. Jeremiah I'm pregnant i quickly say. U wat he says n confusion. Pregnant I say. He just stood dere in silence. By who he says. You dumb ass who else ur the only person I gave my virginity to i say. He rubs his chin then looks at me. Shay ion kno wat to do wit no baby i ant ready to be nobody daddy he says. Ik im not either I say. Damnn Shay! Miah says n frustration. We really messed up I say. Dis shit all fucked up mannn dis too much Miah says with his head in his hands. I really fucked up my mom n daud is going to hate me I say everybody is going to think I'm the thotish twin who lost her virginity n whose pregnant I'm a total fuckin discrace I start crying uncontrollably. Miah start rubbing my back n says I'm not really a sentimental type nigga or up for dese type of moments. I kept crying n his shirt. Once I was done I wiped my eyes den looked up. We looked at each otha den start kissing. We looked at each otha awkwardly. Ummmm I gotta go he says. Yeaa ill letchu out I say wlkin him downstairs and leading him to da front door. Ight ima talk to u tonight ma he says. OK ttyl I say. He threw up da peace sign and then i closed the door. I walked back upstairs to my room. Now i just gotta figure out a way to tell mom and daud even if dat means getting my head knocked off. I need Chynah here wit me right now, she always knows wat to do. But dis is not ha problem she's not da one dats pregnant I am. So y shud I bother her while she's on a date with her bf. I decided to just lay down and think as I started to drift to sleep.***********************
Come here shawty uk i luv u. Miah bae I luv u too I say scooting closer to him. Watchu waiting on den come to big daddy he says lickin his lips. I den rolled on top of him. He kissed from my neck to my jawline. He was hitting the spot! Baby gurr got ass he says smacking the shit outta my ass. Ouchhh! U play too much I say laughing. But u like it doe he says rubbing his chin n licking his tongue out like a snake. I blushed, maybe I do?End of dreamI woke up sweating in shii wtf. I'm hot asf rite na. I'm so confused rite na wtf was dat dream suppose to mean. I cud neva eva! see me and Jeremiah in a relationship. It was just one measley kiss dats it dats all. But I guess we're goin to have to deal wit each otha for dis baby's sake.