
Ayshah POV
We was inside the Mamiã Pizzeriã sitting at a big ass table ordering the pizza. When dumb ass says. All I know is u muthafuckas betta not pick no nasty ass toppings on the pizzas cuz u will be getting cussed the fuck out, I want one of u bitches to say some anchovies or some watch what's gon happen Jeremiah said. And just letting y'all know this is not no free meal y'all will be paying for y'all shit. My goofy ass brother can pay for that shit or treat y'all wat ever the fuck he call himself doing but for me that shit dead I'm not paying for shit, not a nickel, dime, penny none of that Jeremiah said. This dude is so fucking stupid like nigga fr! Twin stfu yo ass talk to damn much got damn bruhhhhh Jassiah says. And bet if u ant paying for shit all I know is u not eating shit tf u thought this was a free for all my niggah Jassiah said. Everybody was laughing. Jeremiah was mugging him bitch fuck yo ugly ass he says. Bitch how do u sound were twins dumb ass Jassiah says. But bitch we look different Jeremiah says. Twin just stfu and do us all a favor Jassiah says. Devon lul strong neck ass look like he been getting shot n his neck with steroids Jeremiah says making them laugh. I think something is seriously wrong with this guy Chynah says to me. Yea this nigga a fucking idiot oms I said. And we both start laughing. Wtf y'all laughing at I know I'm funny but not that damn funny Jeremiah says feeling himself. Yea u rite we were laughing at how much of a fucking moron u are. Secondly we wasn't laughing at your jokes because they weren't funny not at all I say to him. Twin u bogus for ruining that poor baby's dreams of becoming a comedian my twin Chynah says. Damnn they onnat ass Ricki says to Jeremiah. Ricki stfu lul stomped up cock roach mushed face lookin ass in the middle of the road having ass bitch u look like a fucking beetle Jeremiah says Ricki u betta keep your fuckin mouth close for I bake yo ass oms u don't want nun my nigga. Everybody was dead. Twin don't try and take your frustrations out on Ricki cuz u got treated Jassiah says. If I was Ricki I wudve been treated Jeremiah and shut shit down but i guess he was scared smh. Jeremiah mugged his twin. Ayeee miah u need a napkin to wipe all that salt off your face Jassiah asks him. Jeremiah smacks the napkin out of his hand and says, no bitch I think u need it to wipe the cum off your face u kooch licker. Everybody was dead how his ass was acting like a big ass baby. For the rest of the time we just sat there, ate, chilled and laughed at the twins, Jeremiah and Jassiah argue and treat one another.
***********************
It was the ending of the day my ass was ready to go tf home. I walked to my locker and got my stuff out then walked to twin's locker. I saw Jassiah talking to twin I guess he was trying to spit game or w.e. ctfu. Hey Ayshah wassup Jassiah says. Hey Jassiah I said. Today was coo with y'all maybe we cud link again just me yall and my bro this time he said. And I'm sorry that my bro is a fucking fool ,because you know my daddy dropped him on his head when our mom first had us  Jassiah says. Me and twin both laughed. But something is seriously up with that nigga. Speaking of him, Chynah says as Jeremiah walks up. Nigga i heard yo fat neck, ant eater lookin ass sneak dissin but come on we got places to be Jeremiah says. Ight nigga here I come don't rush me lul big feet ass Jassiah says. Yea I can fuck boy bring yo noodle neck ass on Jeremiah says. Be tf quiet twin dammm bruhhh always got some slick shit to say Jassiah says looking irritated. But anyways we gon link with them sometime Jassiah says to his twin. Ight I guess I had fun with them Jeremiah says giving a stank look with they smart mouth disrespectful asses. Mmhmm we both said. Ight we will catch u latee