
Jassiah POV
I was sitting in my room eating a bowl of cereal, these froot loops were fye asl. I heard the downstairs door open. JASSIAH!! Go see who that is my mom yelled. Ight hold on ma I say dats prolly twin. YEA ITS ME!! he yells. I finished eating my cereal while watching re-runs of NBA On Demand. I was wondering what I was gon do today I just really wanted to chill wit my girl today. I got my phone out and texted her.Texting convoMe: Wassup Nay good morningChynah: Hayyyy Siah Gud Morning ☺Me: Wyd baeChynah: Nun laying down wbu booMe: Shii eating a bowl of cereal and thinkin bout u☺Chynah: Awwwwwn baeeee Me: so u got anything planned today cuz I really just wanted to chill witchu.Chynah: Nahhhh I ant got nothin to do I wana chill witchu tooMe: is it OK if I come chill witchu at yo crib, cuz twin here and ion wanna be around his assChynah: Lol yea dats coo cuz my mom and daud still out, but Ayshah just made it inMe: aw OK I'll be ova in a lil while and twin just made it in a few minutes ago tooChynah: OK but dats weirdMe: wat?Chynah: its a coincidence how they both make it at home around the same time and early in the morningMe: yea u rite I'm fina ask him where he was to see wat he sayChynah: I'm fina do the same but I'll ttylMe: ightEnd of convo
I got up and put my bowl in a sink and walked to Miah's room. Ayeeee I said. Wat do u want nigga have u eva heard of knockin. Nahhh I havent I say bein sarcastic with his ass. Aw well u shud try it its wen u take your hand, ball it up and keep tapping it against the door Jeremiah explains to me. I know wat knockin is u fuxkin idiot, didn't need to hear it from u I say. Well u said u ant kno wat it was so I was tellin u, but wat do yo bitch ass want he says. Fuck boy I just wanted to know how u spent yo Valentines day. Don't worry bout all dat he said. Wat did u do eat ice cream and watch chick flicks He says to me. Nahhh bitch I went out with my GIRLFRIEND I say. His eyes got wide, u and Chynah date, dats yo bitch na, dats all yours he ask me. Watch dat bitch word I tell him and don't worry about dat I say mimicking him. Fuck u bitch get out he says. Ight ima leave witcho stank breath ass I tell him. YO MOMMA he yells to me. He is so fucking slow my momma is his moma, I can tell he got dropped on his head wen we was little. WAT TF U SAY JEREMIAH my mom said with her hand all in his face. Nothing mama dang twin says nearly pissing his pants. Like I thought my mom says smacking him upside the head and saying y'all betta cut all dat shit out I'm trying to get my rest before I have to go to work my mom says. Our bad I tell her. She walked out then twin started mumbling. She can't be hitting on me lul Baldhead ass he says. Boy u betta shut up before I tell mama wat u saying I tell him. No no no no twin begs me. I laughed. Twin yo ass a snitch he said to me. Psssshhhh I say waving him off then getting in the shower. When i got out I walked back into my room. I start scannin thru my closet for somethin to wear. I found a pair of my true religion jeans and my black and white dope shirt. I picked out my black and white Mike's, then I added a stud in my right ear. I walked to my mirror to check myself out and a nigga looked fresh just to be coolin in the crib. Anyways I grabbed my IPhone and car keys to the Rover. I'm really trying to buy me my Maybatch. Bitch where u fina go twin asks me. Bitch don worry bout it I say to him. He gave me the finger and I did the same. Uggggg I hate u he says to me. Feelings mutual I say to him. I was walking past my mom's room when she asked me where I was fina go. Sense wen does she ask me where im finna go dats wat I wana know. Ova my gurr crib I say to her. Oooo u got a girlfriend it betta not be one of y'all lil thots dat u think is girlfriend material she says to me. Nahhh ma it ant nun of dat I been knowin ha for a while and I really like her, she's not dat type I assure my mom. Well OK so when do i get to meet her she asks me. Ion kno ma but soon I say. Alright because I gotta see how dis gur is I gotta make sure my sons ant dating no squallys she says. I'm not ma I'm tryin to be in a committed relationship I say. Aw OK u kno dey say squirrels chase after nuts so girls who chase after nuts are a squat if she begging for the D u know she ant the one mama says. I laughed and said ma u a trip. She laughed and said have fun as I walked down the stairs. I Locked the door and walked to the Rover. I got in and turned on the ignition. I decided to stop by Wendy's to get me and Nay somethin to eat. Once I pulled up to Wendy's this drive thru was hectic, so i decided to go inside. I got out the car and locked the car, then walked inside Wendy's. I stood in line and noticed this girl checking me out. Then she whispered some to ha lul friend, they looked like groupies. She told her friend to hold her spot and she came and walked over to me. Hayy she says to me. Wassup I say. So y u standing here all alone looking fineee she says. Her friend laughed and watched us. This bitch thought she was fina come ova here and get ha mac on. Aw um I dropped thru here to get me and my GURL somethin to eat I say. Ohhhhh she says with attitude den turns around walking away switching extra hard. Hayy it ant my fault bitches thought dat dey was spittin game. I ordered my food and waited to be called. They called my order and I checked to see if all my food was in the bag. Once it was I left out and got in my car, then pulled off.