
Shout outs go to Milasia, UmmiSani, Jonespurple, and Adrianjackson60. Also tayana_Michelle. I'm also thinking about making a sequel if u want me to vote and comment.Jeremiah POV3 months laterI was in traffic and on my way to Ayshah's doctor's appointment. This shit been crazy fo me fr. Like ha pops be trippin, not too much of ha og. And ik ha pops a Jamaican but he can't jus think he cud tlk to me any type of way ofn. My ma not to fund of dis whole thing. She met Shay once and she still be havin doubts, cuz she said y is it that her first time meeting Ayshah she gotta already be pregnant wit my baby. So ig she think Ayshah one of my hoes or as my og wud say a "squally". But anyways I been stressed in shit but don't get me wrong I still be gettin my mac on ofn. I just ant wit all dis baby shii, ion kno y I ant use rubber. My ma said she knew I was gon be da first one outta me n twin to get sumbody pregnant. Buhh hayy! U can't hate a player. Not my fault I got game and kno how to sweet tlk dese bitches rite to bed. But anyways we was talm bout abortions n shii buhh ha parents n my og decided dat she gotta have da baby to teach us both a lesson. Shii dey got me FUCKED UP!!! I'm still gon be doin my same shii n doin me, it ant no stoppin a Ghee. I just hit a stain Faneto... my phone sang. I picked it up to see who was callin me, it was Ayshah.Phone convoShay: hello?Me: Yea wassup?Shay: the doctors fina call me soonMe: Ight im on my way buhh I'm stuck in trafficShay: Oh OK buhh jus get here soonMe: AightShay: KEnd of phone convoI cut up the radio and listened to Lil Durk song Hitta like me. And finished driving.************************
I walked inside the clinic and walked to da front desk. Ayee u kno wat room Ayshah Williams gettin ha umm... prenatal check up I asked da lady at da desk. She's in OB4. Ight thnxs I say. I found da room and walked inside. Hello the doctor says. Wassup I say shaking ha hand. And may I asek who you are? I'm da baby daddy I say. Oh OK nice to meet you. Yea u too I say taking a seat next to Ayshah and pulling my pants up a lul. Damn tbh Ayshah look even more sexier pregnant. Wassup Shay I say. Hay she says. Wassup Mr and Mrs. Williams. Hi Jeremiah Paris says. Ayshah daddy just mugged me, buhh its coo doe i ant gon even trip im just not gon speak to his ass no moe. Ion owe a nigga shii. So let me catch dad up on a couple of things doc says. So UK as teen parents it makes it a higher risk of premature birth. And mom in order for u and the baby to stay healthy you must eat the proper foods with vegetables and fruits. Ayshah nodded. And have you been taking your prenatal vitamins like you should? So the baby could get its proper proteins. Yea I have Shay says. OK that is good. So you are in your last month of the first trimester. This stage is a major time of growth and change. By the fourth week of development you should be able to feel a heart beat. The baby's arm and leg buds appear and the eyes and brain begin to develop. Ayshah according to files you are 3 months, 2 weeks and 1 day. And dad you must be there throughout the pregnancy to help mom out. She's going to need a lot of support, also it is very important that you come to every doctor visit. Aight I say. Yea beleeve mi hes gowin to be here fore avary visit Shay's pops says eyeing me. Dude really testin my patience, I'm trying to be nice to his old ass. Now that that is understood let's discuss childbirth options. There are 2 ways to deliver a child. There's a c-section which is, a type of childbirth in which the baby and placenta are carefully lifted out of the mothers body by surgery. This only occurs when the baby is under stress inside the uterus. Vaginal birth is when the baby is delivered naturally through the vagina. Uggg dis shii nasty I feel like ima throw up. Now that we covered everything and checked on the baby here's the ultrasound and pic on how your baby should look during this stage (picture in the mm). The next time you come we should be able to determine the sex of the baby. OK Ayshah says getting up. Here is all of your papers and information I look forward to seeing u the next time. You too Ayshah says shaking ha hand. I look forward to seeing u too the doctor says looking directly at me. Yepp u too. Me and Ayshah walked out the room and let ha ma nem tlk to da doc. U wanna see da papers Shay asked. Nahh dat shii too much fo me to read I say. U slow she says shaking her head. I'm fr too much words fo me. So watchu been on I ask. Shii nun jus been thinkin boutta lot of shii she says and prom den graduation in a few weeks. I gotta walk across the stage wit a big ass belly Shay tells me. Yea dat sucks to be u I say wit a smirk. Then she flipped me off. When? I ask wit a smirk cuz uk I'm up fo it to be 1hunnit. Wateva u play too much she says. So how much do I play I say smirkin den leaning ha up to the wall. Ummm Jeremiah she says speechless and a lul nervous. Ight ima stop I say smirkin, den I let ha go. Dats wen ha ma nem came out. Shay u ready ha ma says. Yea she says. C'mon Ayshah ha pops says. Aight ill see u I say to shay. Ight she says. I walked out and walked to my car. I unlocked it den I got inside. I turned on my engine, cut on da radio den sped off.