
Jassiah POV
I walked to my next class looking around the school. Shit me and twin was new here a nigga had to watch his surroundings. I was walking when somebody walked into me. Watch where the fu-- my bad I looked up to be interrupted by this fine ass girl. Oh u coo ma I said helping her pick up her books. Because I saw a nigga fina spazz out or w.e. she said laughing. I started laughing too my bad I thought u was a nigga who bumped into me on purpose sense im new I said. Its cool she said smiling. She had some pretty ass teeth. What class do you have next she asked me. Pre Calculus I say. Well you're in luck because I have that class next too she says we can walk together. I carried her books for her. I don't believe we introduced ourselves I said putting my hand out she shook it. I'm Jassiah and you are I said. I'm Ayshah but people call me shay for short she said. I couldnt stop staring at her its something I liked about this girl. She was light brown(she wasn't a red bone doe) she had grey eyes. And was about 5"1 and her hair was curly and the tips were dyed red. She was cute and her outfit was raw asf. I see u witcho 11s on ma I said. She laughed. We walked into the classroom and I followed her and she went to sit next to this sexy ass redbone girl that looked just like her but lighter and their outfits were similar. I was walking away to go find somewhere to sit when Ayshah asked me to come here. Yea ma I said walking back to the desk. Jassiah this my twinn sista Chynah she told me and the red bone looking girl waved at me. Wassup ma I said shaking her hand I'm Jassiah. Its crazy how she a twin because I'm a twin too I thought. So yall twins rite I asked looking at them they looked just alike one was just a lil bit lighter than the other one and their tips were dyed different colors. Yea we twins they said. Aw dats coo and crazy because I'm a twin too I said. Fr they both said laughing. Is your twin a boy or girl they asked. I have a twin brother my ass would not be able to deal with having a twin sista that shit dead I said making them laugh. Excuse me young man I'm going to need you to take a seat this middle age nigga said he had them aging baldspots ctfu. I looked at his ass crazy they laughed. Y'all seem cool asf maybe y'all cud link with me and my twin sometimes I said. That's coo they both said. I found a empty desk by this dude that looked like a complete fucking nerd. This nigga had on bifocals and erthang smdh.