
Chynah POV
Hey y'all I'm Chynah I'm 18 yrs old. I'm light skin and my hair long. And I'm about 5"0. I know I'm short rite but don't fucking judge me bruhhh lol. But anyways I'm also a twin. Y'all wondering wats my twin name its Ayshah. We are identical twins thoe but I'm a little lighter but we still look just alike. The only how people can tell us apart is by are our skin color. She is almost like a Caramel complexion and I'm like sorta close to a red bone ig. We are a nice size to be small. We got curves some type of booty and hips. But anyways we mixed breeds thoe. Our mom is black and our daddy comes from the Caribbeans or the islands lol. That's why alotta people also be all up on our jock. That shit get annoying sometimes doe. Anyways... I went to twin room and said Twinnnnnnnn getcho ass up I said to Ayshah. Hmmmmmm she said. I went to her bed and yelled in her ear. Leave me alone she said still laying down and she had the nerve to wack me in the face with a pillow. Ight OK bet I said I went and got the water pitcher out the fridge and came into her room. I laughed walking my ass over to her bed and poured the cold ass water straight on her ass. Wat tf u do that for nay-nay!!! she said mad asl. I laughed I told yo ass get up u gon be late for school I said. U couldve just tapped me and try to wake me up shay said. I did mufucka apparently yo ass don't listen so guess what u did the ice bucket challenge simple I said. Uggggghhh she said u den messed up my fucking hair now its all curly and shit shay said as she stormed into the shower. Well next time I just won't wake yo ass up I told her. All I know is y'all betta stop cussing my mom yelled walking into the room with her robe and house shoes on. My bad I said hey mommy. Goodmorning
nay my mom said giving me a kiss on the forehead. And with that she went back downstairs to cook breakfast. I looked in my closet to find something to wear. I decided to wear my stone washed blue ripped jeans and my RUN DMC belly top with my red and black jordan 13s. I flat ironed my hair bone straight and put a part down the middle. It looked cute sense my tips were dyed honey blonde. I added my mascara and the rest of my makeup and applied my red lipstick. Twinnnnn shay called as she came into my room. Yea I said. What u wearing Ayshah said. Awwww OK ig we matching shay said. I laughed. But u look cute doe twin she said. Thanks go get ready we already late I tell her. Ight here I come don't be rushing me she said and left to go get dressed. I decided to wear my gray contacts(yes I wear contacts sometimes but that be making people think I'm chinese lol). 10 minutes later Ayshah come into the room. Me and my twin looked sexy asf. She had on her RUN DMC belly top with her stone washed blue jean overalls with one strap hanging off her shoulders. She also had her 13's on. The tips of her hair was dyed red but it was in silky wet curls. And she had in her gray contacts also. We posed in my mirror and I took a pic of us and put it on I.G.
@The_Chynah_Doll: Gm I.G. Me and my headache my twin sista!!! We curte ain't we. @The_Ayshian_Dall#RUN DMC flowww
#Bad bitches only
#Born Caribbean Princesses
#It just a twin thanggg!!! We instantly got hella likes. We grabbed our MK book bags and our Iphones and walked downstairs. Daddy and mama was at the table eating. Gm babygurls my daddy said with his Caribbean accent. Hey daddie in our Caribbean accent. We sat down ate the table and ate our breakfast and talked then we were out the door. We decided to take the Mercedes Benz. U going to drive Ayshah said. Ughhhhh I said and hoped in the drivers seat and she got in the passengers seat. We drove to school and listened to the radio. We pulled up to the school parking lot and got out. I walked to my locker and went to my first period class me and twinnn ant have 1st period together. I went and took a seat buhh 1st period was about to be over soon. Everybody was looking at me I guess because I was late I just rolled my eyes like I hate having so much attention. Hey twinnn Kiara said. Hey I said waving my hand. I sat next to this boy name Jaheem and he be flirting hella hard. Hey bae he said trying to put his arm around me. Boyy how many times we then been through this I told u u not bae now getcho arms from around me homeboy I tell em. Damn ma u fiesty to day witcho fine Chinese ass he said. First off if u knew anythang I'm Caribbean I'm not fucking Chinese doe doe I say rolling my eyes. He just smiled. Niggas nowadays be so damn thirsty its ridiculous I thought. The bell rang and I walked out the classroom with one of my friends.