
Jeremiah POV
Wassup wassup bitches!(in Martin Laurence voice). I ant never get to introduce myself because it took them forever to get to my point of view. Because they want to do ugly ass niggas POV first. But anyways I'm Jeremiah some people call me Miah or Jeremi. I'm 18, and y'all already know about me being a twin and my ugly ass twin Jassiah. Me and Jassiah are the same color but we look a lul different. People say I look like Chris Brown, and says he looks like August Alsina. So shit maybe we fertinal or some shit but idgaf. Also my hair is light blonde, and I'm about 6"1. We just moved from Virginia to ATL. All I gotta say is ATL ant ready for me!!! Ion know about my twin ugly ass doe. Me twin and Javon was in the car on our way to the trap. Twin decided to drive though. So are you feeling the twins or what he asks me. Yea they sexy or w.e. but they irritating I said. And like u r not Jassiah says. Shut up nigga I say but I'm sorta feeling Ayshah. Aw i did at first until I saw Chynah Jassiah says. Aw well I like Ayshah she the only bitch I know that talks back and talks shit to me, she don't fear me or nun and I like that I say. I like Chynah because she one of those layed back girls that looks calm Jassiah says. U like goody toochoes and she looks to quiet I need a loud bad bitch that talks shit that's what makes the relationship fun I said. U just saying she quiet cuz u like girls with big mouths cuz yo ass gotta big mouth and don't know how to stfu Jassiah says. Javon starts laughing. Wtf is funny Javon I say with yo lul muscle head ass, lul squidward lookin ass lil ugly pointy eared ass look like one of Santa's helpers or like yo ass belong on star trek or some. Lul ugly ass look like one of the telly tubbies or some how ever the fuck u say that shit. And I turned around and popped his ass upside the head. Ayeee nigga u can't be popping me and putting yo hands on me muthafucka keep yo hands to yoself Javon says. I laughed. For the remainder of the ride we laughed and listened to some yg and other shit then Try me Lil Durk version came on that's my ish. Dave got the 40 I got the mack up bullets to his face call his boys for back up and just because I rap I still will whack em niggas need grammies they straight actors see Rhondo#9 he just caught a body R.I.P. Nooski my cousin called me I seened my cousin bleeding I damn near lost it that's why I gotta ride thru all that opp shit I don't do relations so don't waste it they didn't send me money I had to face it and sense my car white they wud swear I'm racist she say she freak nasty so I want some of that shit. Then we sung the other part. I dont really eat her I just freak her past her to my niggas like a blunt of reeffa 30 on jam that's that augaphena free my nigga jam that Lil boy a demon and sense i got my deal I feel important I live wat I rapp I ant just recording they try to give me 10 if I ant have a lawyer niggas out here snitching they straight informers try me try me bullets got his name on it like a I.D. sipping on that lean its like my I.V. my crazy life I feel like Y.G.  gang gang!! Try me try me ima get his whole muthafuckin family and I ant playing with nobody fuck around and ima catch a body. We pulled up to the trap and bro cut off the ignition. We popped out and Javon led us inside where  body guards were standing looking at us. Don't worry their the twins that boss just recruited Javon says. They nodded and dapped us up. We walked inside to see niggas working and hella thots. One dude was cooking Coke and was singing I'm in love with the Co-Coe nodding. I was dead I start singing along with his ass. I'm in love with the Co-Coe 2x I get it for the low low cuz im in love with the CoCo baking soda I got baking soda!! We sang. He laughed welcome rookies he said. Aw nigga we Neva beginners we was born for this shit I said. Twin agreed. That's wassup he says and finishes cooking Coke. Follow me Javon says. He led us down a hallway and through some doors. We got to one big door and he knocked. Come in the boss says. Ooh the twins I've been expecting y'all he says folding his hands take a seat. We pulled up chairs for us in front of his desk and took a seat. So welcome to ATL niggas he says. Thnx Mann we both says. We in this shit boss we say. I hope so impress me the boss said A.K.A Rozay. U won't be disappointed we say. For some reason I wanted to get onnat ass so bad cuz his ass was real fat and looked like Rick Ross. I'm stupid but not DAT damn stupid I kno more than betta to be talking shit to the boss I love my life I'm too young and sexy to die. Good so I'm gonna need y'all to go to this nigga name West crib and kill his ass Rozay says. And take all his Merchandise and product then bring it to me.Understood boss says. We gotchu boss Jassiah says and I agreed.Oh and wait he has a family and kids and they will most likely be there so wat ever y'all have to do to keep their mouths closed even if that means killing them do it Rozay says. Javon u will be going with them, I'm also going to send Fizz and Rocky he says. Alright boss Javon says. OK now u guys are dismissed, kapeesh kaposh he says and with that being said we left his office.