
I stood up groaning and rubbing my head as Olivander stood wide eyed and open mouthed, staring from me to the floor where my attacker was, and back to me.
Then, his face hardened and he shook his head.
"No." He said bluntly, and went back to searching the shelves.
"No? No what?"
The old man turned back to me and said "You are not strong enough." before resuming his search.
"Strong enough for what?" I asked slowly looking down and looking at what had hit me.
I carefully picked it up and studied it.
I was a slender box, much longer than any of the others, and the box was such a dark and pure black it looked as though it was pure darkness.But as I went to open it, it was snatched away. I looked up to see the frail old man now stood in front of me.
"Don't open it." His voice shook, pure fear in his eyes that set me on age "I should have destroyed it." He cursed.
But his fear and demands could not overpower the strong magnetic pull I had towards the wand and suddenly I had it in my hand.
A tornado of air spun round me, muffling Mia and Olivanders shouts and screams.
And then everything stopped.
Olivander looked at me in pure shock, me reflecting his face back.
"I-I" I stuttered but he looked as though he was paralyzed.
"I-it" I stuttered again and he finally put his face in his hands and then looked back at me.
"I think you better come with me." He spoke and I nodded in defeat, following him into a dark back room, Miya following suit, grabbing my hand in comfort.
~
"I had forgotten until now about it." He started.
"You see, I had heard of a wand. A wand so powerful, so great, it could do anything. So, being the adolescent I was, I set out to make my own. And... I succeeded. Unfortunately- well actually it was very fortunate, the wand didn't choose me. But soon I watched it's power grow and I heard of the destruction the other wand had made, and I swore to never sell it or let anyone set hands on it again. In my fear and panic I locked it up. But I knew that I could not contain it forever because, as you have learnt, the wand chooses the wizard. And I knew that, if that wand ever chose anyone, there would be no stopping it from finding them. What I need you to understand is that this wand is pure evil, pure hatred and destruction. But now you have accepted it, you cannot get away, and you cannot choose another wand. I tried to warn you..."
I was speechless, I didn't really know what to do.
"So, what happens now?" I asked.
"What always happens I guess." He replied after much consideration.
"You must take the wand, as you would any other, but bide my warning. There are many who would do anything for this wand Miss Granger, even murder, so I would advise you to keep it's secret."
I stood up, my whole body shaking, and he led me back to the front room.
I took the wand, he refused to take money from me, and went to leave before a sudden thought passed my mind.
"But if this wand is pure evil, why would it choose me?" I asked, my tone shaky.
Was I evil? Was I bad?