
"It's a pub called the leaky cauldron." She explained "It's just on this corner."
"Never heard of it." I stated simply and she shook her head at me.
"You have been locked in our bedroom for the past I don't know how many years."
I cringed as I remembered how horrible I was to my family and she placed her hand on my shoulder in a forgiving way.
"Oh." She added, breaking the tension, "and it's a pub so I would hope you hadn't." She smirked, pleased at her joke.
I gave her a face that read "really?" and gave her a playful punch. She stopped skipping abruptly, almost throwing me on the floor, as our hands were interlocked.
At first, I thought it was because I hit her to hard, but I followed her eye line to see a small corner pub with a sign that read 'The Leaky Cauldron' hung outside that squeaked in the wind.
"It's looks creepy." I shivered and she shot me a glare.
"Well it's not gonna be strewn with pretty rainbow banners and pictures of unicorns is it? It's supposed to be unnoticeable."
"I'm pretty sure people notice it, they just don't want to know whats inside." I chuckled, an undertone of fear in my voice.
"Come on girls. Are we gonna look at the creepy pub all day or are we actually gonna go inside?" My dad said from behind us and I grinned.
"Even he admits it's creepy!" I shouted to 'Mione, and she chuckled as she dragged us all inside the rapist bar.
For my first visit to any wizarding place, I have to admit, it was a massive let down. In fact, I was slightly worried that this is what all wizard places were like.
It was dark and shabby, and unprotected light bulbs flickered as they hung dangerously from the peeling and cracking ceiling.
A few odd looking women sat in a group in one corner, one looking up at me and sneering in disgust and violence. Her face was dirty, her nose big, and her eyes a murky mixture between brown and yellow, making then look the colour of sick. She reminded me of the stereotypical witches from fairytales, but was a lot more real.
Aside from a few other grim looking people, everyone else seemed fine. A few middle aged men sat in black robes at the bar, one stirring his tea using his finger to move the spoon.
Everything seemed normal at first glance; a man in one corner tossing some meat to the dog hidden under his table, a woman sat at the bar reading a book, and the thumping and scraping of people tucking their chairs in.
But at second glance I noticed the dog, instead of one head, had three; the woman was not reading any ordinary book, it was full of detailed potions instructions and detailed pictures of wonderful things I'd never seen before; and the chairs weren't being pushed in by people, in fact, they were pushing themselves in.
I looked in awe at the hidden wonders as Miya, who seemed totally unaffected by this utter nonsense and magic, dragged me through the bar and into a tiny courtyard at the back that consisted of a few overgrown tiles, a dustbin, and a pile of brown raked leaves.
It was so small in fact, that our parents had to wait at the door while me and 'Mione occupied the little space there was.She looked around for spying eyes, before bending down and grabbing an intricately designed stick, that I guessed was her wand.
I had never really seen it, as she was never allowed to do magic outside of Hogwarts.
She tapped the bricks in an order I can't remember, whilst muttering odd words like "left" and "top" under her breath.