
Jealousy, confusion and anger.
That's the main thing I remember; those feelings, all swirling and bubbling around inside me.
Jealous that she was special, and I wasn't. That she got to go, but I didn't.
Confused for the obvious reasons. I had just found out my twin was a witch. Along with wrapping my head around the fact magic was real, I was struggling to figure out why I wasn't a witch to. We're practically the same person, how could I not be? But then where was my letter?
But most of all I was angry.How could she leave me? How could she abandon me like this, leave me here alone?
After she left I spent everyday I wasn't with her in our room. I refused to speak or do anything; a piece of me was missing; broken off and shipped away.
So when she came back, I was thrilled and we spent all our time together. I let go of my anger, but soon she was gone again, and so was my mind with her.
I felt dead without Hermione, I felt as though a part of my soul had been torn away. I became disturbingly thin and weak, and my voice was hoarse from the lack of speech.
And then she came back again, and I was almost back to normal, until she broke the news she was staying at a friends house for half the holidays.
I refused to speak to her, refused to leave the room or eat or sleep and I became so much inside myself I thought I'd never escape.
And it stayed like this until our fifteenth birthday.
My parents came in and woke us both up, singing us Happy Birthday, and as usual Hermione squealed with delight, causing me to roll my eyes and wriggle further under the covers to escape their incessant happiness.
They came over to me, trying once again to coax me out of my bed and (as I did every morning) I screamed at them and stormed into the bathroom, locking it behind me.
It was always the same routine. But I never gave in to the voice within that told me it wasn't there fault, because there was another voice, nagging me and telling me that they abandoned me, that clearly they loved Hermione more than me and they didn't want me.
About an hour later, they gave up on trying to persuade me to come out, and left the bedroom.
I crept back in, making sure I didn't alert them I had left my safe little hiding place, and found a book on my bed with a little note scrawled in Hermiones writing that read a simple 'Happy Birthday'.
I scoffed at this, at the fact she'd bought me a book. How typical. Know it all. But as I flicked through the pages I found photos and little mementos from our childhood; photos and leaves and even two sweet wrappers from the time we'd had a gobstopper competition.
As I flicked to the last page, I growled. The Hogwarts envelope sat there, the very last page of our friendship I guess, but it frustrated me; it ruined the book. I ripped the letter from inside the envelope and scrunched it up in my anger, throwing it at the wall in front of me.
I was about to slam the book shut and throw it across the room too, when something caught my eye; a forgotten piece of paper.
I curiously slipped it out the envelope, glancing over to the ball of paper I'd just thrown at the wall to make sure it was still there and hadn't jumped back into the envelope. Hey, you never know with this stuff!