
Unexpectedly, she tapped one of the bricks, as she had been doing, but this time the brick retreated into the wall, slowly and then all at once followed by the others.
The bricks moved and swivelled in such an elegant way it made me gasp, but not as much as the sight it revealed.
"Welcome to Diagon Alley."
'Mione grinned at me from my left and I squeezed her hand, which I hadn't realised until now I was still holding.
A large cobbled road twisted on forever before me, covered in walking and talking people and creatures dressed in the most curious outfits.
It was... Magical. It was at this moment that I wished I had about ten more eyes, just so I could truly see every little detail of this place, just in case I never got to see it again. Even if I did, I thought it most unlikely that I would ever get used to this sight.
Rows and rows of shops of different colours and shapes and sizes lined the street, each decorated in what it sold.
Sun shone and reflected off a diverse range of what seemed to be cauldrons, and the air was cluttered with the hooting and squealing and mewing of animals.
As the four of us weaved our way down the street, dodging people as we went, I tried to look in every direction, desperately trying to see everything. Miya tugged on my hand, quickening our pace as we dodged our way through the crowd, finally skipping up the steps of a giant marble building.
It towered over the dainty little shops and parlours and it really did give off a professional and 'banky' feel, if you know what I mean. But as we walked in, the sight that met my eyes was almost as shocking as Diagon Alley itself.
Hundreds of what I could only describe as... little people with hooked noses, hurried around. Some sat at large desks that looked down on us, and a few even sneered as I hesitantly followed Miya towards the desk that stood at the end of the hall we were stood in, our feet echoing against the polished marble floor.
As we reached the desk I heard mother speak from behind us. I could tell by her voice that she was just as unsettled around these creatures as I was.
"We wish to exchange some Muggle money." She stated, though it sounded more like a question.
The scar faced creature that sat at the desk grunted, nodded and then spoke in a sickly voice that sent me on edge.
"How much?"
I saw my mum look at 'Mione questioningly out of the corner of my eye and Miya mouthed "It's up to you".
My mother, still with a look of unknowing on her face, clearly not knowing how much was appropriate, now turned to face my father who had no idea either.
I shook my head at them all, not understanding why people where always so afraid to ask for help, and worked up my courage to speak up
"How much would you recommend for two Hogwarts students?" I asked him, my voice laced with nervousness.
"What year?" He asked bluntly, almost sounding bored. He probably was.
"Fourth" Miya replied for me and the creature nodded.
"I would normally say around hmm.. 50 each but due to classified events this year, I would recommend maybe 30 more to pay for..things." He said secretively.
Events? Things? I looked at 'Mione who shrugged, just as confused as I was, and watched as mother handed some money to the creature.