
My insides hurt as she handed us each a sack of wizarding money, because I hated it when people gave me money.
Although I was aware my family definitely weren't poor as they were both dentists, I still always felt bad. I guess you could say it was one of my biggest pet hates, but in this case I knew I had to let it go.
I slipped the sack into my black bag that hung on my arm, Miya putting hers in her worn down messenger bag.
~
"Honestly Miya, if you'd only let me dress you up for once.." I sighed as we exited Flourish and Blots, our hands struggling under the weight of all our new supplies.
"Mya" she laughed "for the last time, no!"
"But Miya you'd look so nice! If you'd just let me throw out those sweats you have and add some bold peices to your outfits you'd look-"
"- like that." She cut me off, gesturing to my outifit.
Okay. So maybe I did have a slightly outrageous fashion sense but it wasn't really that bad?
I had some black heels with a bow, black tights that had polka dots at the top, a black skirt, a cropped white tee and some layered necklaces. Along with my big black handbag.
"Whats with the black anyways." She asked as we headed towards no where in particular.
"I dunno. I was just feeling the colour today and I went with it." I shrugged as she shook her head.
"What do we need next?" I asked, changing the subject away from me and back to the task at hand.
Miya pulled out the letter from her back pocket and uncrumpled it, skimmed over the writing and then said "Just your wand now."
I squealed in excitement as she led me to a fragile antique looking shop named Olivanders.
"Best wand shop in Britain." She grinned as a bell went off, signalling we had entered.Boxes of all different sizes lined the walls and I looked around curiously as an old man came out from a back room.
"Ah. I have been expecting you for quite some time now. Why so late?" He spoke airily. I was guessing this was 'Olivander'.
"Only just found my letter" I shrugged and he nodded knowingly, as if he was already aware of what I had said.
He turned and scanned the shelves before finally sliding out a box and laying it carefully on the counter. He carefully removed the lid, revealing a wand almost identical to Mia's.
"As you are twins, it is common that your wands will also be alike." I nodded as he watched me.
I stood still for a moment, not quite sure what to do next.
"Well? Give it a wave then?" He said expectantly and I blushed at my stupidity before I hesitantly waved the wand, feeling slightly foolish.
A loud bang erupted from the wand, causing several papers and boxes and books to fly off the counter.
"Ah" Olivander frowned. "Not that one then"
~
About an hour and several smashed windows later, Olivander sighed.
I had tried almost every wand in the shop but Olivander kept muttering things like "certainly not!" Or "that won't do.", and we moved on to the next box.
As he was routing through the shelves for yet another wand, something shot through the air, hitting me right in the face and throwing me on the floor.