
But it was still there.
I slipped the piece of parchment out of the envelope in curiosity and unfolded it seeing that it was a letter, identical to Hermiones. Except from one small thing.
One small, but very big thing.
The name.
Taking a sharp intake of breath, I read the letter a couple of times in disbelief.
"Dear Meissa Granger"
-------------
"Hellooooooo? Anybody in there?" A voice came from the seat to my left and I snapped out of my daydream to look at the smiling, bushy haired girl.
It was weird every time I looked at her, as though I was looking in a mirror but my reflection had a mind of its own.
"I can't believe this." She grinned, squealing slightly. "But I still don't understand how they didn't notice a student was missing." She frowned and I frowned with her.
Was I really so unimportant that they didn't notice I was absent?
"Girls, it doesn't matter. Meissa was accepted! Isn't it great!" Our mother squealed from the front seat of the car and we laughed and nodded in agreement, but not without me first cringing at my full name.
I was named after a star in the Orion belt. However, I thought my name sounded like I was a rodent handler. That's why I get everyone to call me Mya. It's still a shortened version of my name, but it's a lot better.
Just to confuse people, I started calling Hermione Miya, pronounced the same just spelt differently. It's just become her nickname to me now though, but the confusion is an added bonus I guess.
But then my face dropped as I came to a sudden realisation and started to panic.
"Oh my god I've missed like five years, I know nothing about magic! Oh my god Miya I need to study! Have you got any of your school books I can look through! Do you still have your old textbooks? Can I have them? Oh geez, I can't believe I missed the first like, four years of school I'm so behind! Well that's my attendance record down the drain- " I rambled until she cut me off by bursting into laughter.
I glared at her and she controlled herself before saying "Now I get what the boys mean."
"Is that some sort of sexual remark?" I screwed up my face as I spoke and she giggled.
"No! I meant my friends. They're always saying that I study to much and that I never stop going on about work."
"Sounds like you." I laugh and then my face drops again "Oh no! Friends Miya, I forgot about friends! I'm gonna have to meet new people! Everyone will already have friends and I have none! Can I meet yours? Oh but wait what if they don't like me? They won't be there today will they? I don't think I'm ready!" I started to freak out as she laughed at me again.
Meany.
"Breathe Mya, breathe." She laughed as I took deep breathes to calm down.
"And I don't know. They might be, I'm not sure." She shrugged and I looked at her with wide eyes. "It's a big deal Miya!"
She rolled her eyes at my overdramatic ways as we finally pulled up onto a car park.
"Where to now?" I asked as we got out the car and walked, well skipped because we're cool like that, onto the busy streets of London.