
Blinded by my tears, I stupidly ran into the boys bathroom. It was a total mistake that I never would have done intentionally. Like ever.
Sitting in a stall crying my eyes out. I hadn't realized I was in the boys bathroom until I heard the door open and a guy (obviously because it was the boys bathroom) walked in.
"Am I going deaf or do you cry like a girl, dude. Why the hell are you crying anyway?"
I quickly quieted myself.
"Hello?" He said again, now pushing every stall. My eyes shot up to the lock of the door. Fear filled inside me as I reached over to lock it
"I know you're a girl, what are you doing in here?" I felt him lean against the door as I bit the inside of my cheek to stop from crying.
"I lost my tuna sandwich," I joked rather bitterly.
"Open the door," He ordered, " Or I'll open it for you."
I winced, feeling as though I'd just got stabbed in my eyes as tears began to flow again.
My parents don't give me the time of day. I have no friends, and now this. I'm so so stupid. I should just kill myself.
No, you can't do that because then you wouldn't live.
I stupidly argued with myself as the door began to open.
"Pure Bliss?" he asked looking at my form. I looked up to be met with an intense pair of blue eyes. I knew who this was. Zach Newcomb, the schools star baseball player, also known as the heartbreaker. His eyes danced with humor.
I nodded. Then he started to laugh, "In all my years at this stupid school, I never guessed you'd stoop so low as to desperately throw yourself at any guy. Why are you in the boys bathroom? You desperate little..."
I curled myself up on top of the toilet.
"I'm joking, but why are you here?"
"Because I can be."
"No, you're not a guy this is the guys bathroom."
"You wouldn't know that. "
"Interesting point Pure, Ya know, for such a pretty girl I never understood why nobody likes you."
"Way to make things better."
"Your welcome. Poor Pure, dang that's a tongue twister. Say it really fast ten times." What this guy was up to I knew not, but what I really wasn't expecting was the little surprise I got when I got home that day.
"WE'RE MOVING!" My parents announced as I walked in.
"To where?" I asked, I was kind of happy. A new chance to be a different person, someone less like me.
"Florida, we're going to have sex by the beach and eat their oranges all day babe." my dad said looking directly to my mom. This is just not something I'd appreciate to hear. Especially from my own parents.
"When are we moving?" I asked, disregarding their last comment.
"Once we find a new house in Florida, we'll move." Mom said as she raked her eyes over dad's body and then looked him hungrily in the eyes.
"That's great, mom and dad. I've got to go do homework," I smiled at them and slightly nodded as I made my way up the stairs to my room.