
Pure Bliss. Yup, that's my parent's choice for the name of their only child.
"Hey Pure, you got a cat, get it cuz purr..."
"Hey Pure, you single. I bet you are cuz you're purely a virgin."
"Shut up nobody wants pure around."
"Her hair's as brown as her name""Shut up Bill, that doesn't make sense."
That's what I hear all day, every day.
Currently, I'm at school hiding...
Now I'd like to tell you why I'm in the boys bathroom at Redwood High hiding. Firstly, it all began with Amy Barns who decided I was her target for the day.
Let me back this up a bit to this morning.
♡♡♡
"Good morning world," I blissfully said, getting out of bed. (No pun intended).
I made my way downstairs on this fine friday morning and down to see my father clutching my mother's breast as they were kissing.
Let me just say one word describing this experience. DISGUSTING.
"Hey Mom, hey Dad." I smiled and took a seat on our kitchen stool. At least they still love each other.
They didn't even bother to look up so I made myself a plate of cereal.
I quietly ate my cereal avoiding looking at the two as they began stripping for each other, that's when I decided it would be best to just go get dressed for school.
I had driven to school with only two minutes remaining to get to class.
My life is bad, but I'm not going to complain, it's pointless.
School went by quickly, well up until right about lunch time.
At lunch, I took my school lunch and went straight for the library, like always. I usually meet Mike there, president of mathletes, and we study together but oddly enough, he wasn't there.
I quietly sat alone, eating my somewhat bland tuna sandwich.
Being a senior in highschool definately means you need a social life, which I didn't have.
Then she walked in, Amy Barnes. The school's Miss Athlete of every year. She was on every sports team and had joined many clubs, not to mention her participation in cheerleading, I figured that part was a given. She walked to me with her clones following after her, seeming to savor every one of her steps as though they were made of pure gold.
"My, my look Pure Bliss is eating alone. Aww, shouldn't you be a little happier Bliss?" She looked at me with a look of disbelief. I was lower than scum to her.
"Hi Amy." I simply said.
"Hi Amy? What the actual heck? Stupid here knows my name everyone. Brava. Now tell me something else stupid, or should I say blissy, what were you doing with my boyfriend last week?" She flared her nostrils as anger filled her eyes.
"Your b. . .boyfriend?" I stuttered,  completely confused because I didn't talk to anyone, much less boys.
"Yeah. Mike." She said sharply slamming her hand on the table. shaking the ground, and causing some books to fall.
"I'm sorry, I didn't know you guys were dating. I'll leave him alone if you want." I said, barely above a whisper but she heard, I know she did.
"You'd better be sorry, Bitch. Stay away from him." She hissed. That's it, I snapped. No love at home, in school or anyway. I ran out leaving my beloved tuna sandwich alone with Amy.