
When we finished looking at the rest of the pictures, Jack leaned back against the couch. He pulled me against his chest, wrapping me up tight in his arms. I rested my head back against his shoulder and closed my eyes. "He wants me to go to California." I whispered.
Jack's body went stiff, "What do you mean?"
"He wants me to move in with him."
"What did you say?"
"I told him he's stupid for even considering it. He can't expect me to just leave. I couldn't." I lifted my head up and swiveled a bit to level my face with his, "He wants me to come visit him for a week, hoping to change my mind."
"Are you going to?"
"I don't know." I answered honestly, "I think it'll just be a waste of time because I already know nothing will change my mind."
Jack's expression still hasn't changed, "I wouldn't blame you if you wanted to go and at least see where he lives. And hello, California. It's beautiful there."
I let out a light laugh, "I have everything I need here." I lifted a hand and poked his nose. He scrunched it up in response. "He did say you could go though."
His eyebrow perked up, "You told him about us?"
"Kind of. I didn't say who you were, I just said...I was seeing someone." I wasn't about to say boyfriend.
"I'd go with you in a heartbeat if I could."
I smiled sadly, "I know you would. But you don't have to worry, because I'm not going." I wasn't really sure if I would go or not. Because like I said, it is a waste of time because there's no way in hell I'm moving to California. My dad can just put that idea out of his head.
I pressed my lips to Jack's for just a moment, "I guess I should go. But I'll come over when I get home."
"Promise?"
"Promise." I gave him one more kiss and stood up.
I gathered my things and headed for the front door with Jack following close behind. I gave him one last kiss on the cheek before leaving his house and walking over to my own. I'm sure it looked weird with the car sitting in the driveway and I wasn't inside, but hopefully they didn't notice.
The house was rather quiet...until I got upstairs. James and Meredith were almost to the point of yelling. I walked down the hall until I stopped in front of Meredith's temporary room. They stood in the middle of the room, bickering about something, "Can you just shut up?" Meredith exploded.
I covered my mouth to keep from laughing.
But James noticed me before she did.
"What are you fighting about?" I asked.
"Sibling stuff." Meredith said while glaring at James.
"Well keep it down before my grandparents hear you."
James waved Meredith off, walked past me to get out of the room. I looked at Meredith and asked her if she needed anything before taking off after James. His long legs carried him quicker than mine, so I got to his room just before he was able to slam the door in my face, "Hello, Grumpy."