

Lindy and I made it to the mall within the hour. But I wasn't feeling it today. I kept thinking about Jack and that stupid kiss last night. A kiss I wanted a repeat of, but I knew I couldn't. I guess I could, but I shouldn't. I need to learn some self-control and I think Jack should too.
We stopped at the food court to grab some lunch and catch up. She was talking about this new guy, Dylan, who is Michael's best friend. Lindy never liked guys into sports, but it seems she's found a new type. "And he keeps talking about you."
"Wait-What?" I chose the perfect time to zone back in.
She rolled her eyes, "Have you been listening to anything I've said?"
"I'm sorry?"
"Michael. He keeps talking about you. He wants another chance."
I shook my head, "No thanks."
She leaned over the table, eying me warily, "Jack's got a massive hold on you, doesn't he?"
"Unfortunately." I mumbled and took a sip of my drink. "I have to go back there today after what happened last night—" I quickly snapped my mouth shut. Why did I do that?
Lindy's eyes widened, "What the hell happened last night, Juliet?"
It was too late now. It was a subject I liked to avoid with Lindy. Not in a bad way towards her, but to me. She's very persuasive and she thinks I can do nothing wrong. She's kind of like Jack in that way. "We had a moment."
Her eyes narrowed into slits, "He kissed you, didn't he?"
"I kissed him back."
A smile slowly surfaced on her lips, "You liked it. Probably more than you thought, right?"
I nodded sheepishly, "And that's why it can't happen again."
Lindy barked out a short laugh, "Take that with a grain of salt. It's going to happen again whether you want it to or not."
She was probably right. It happened after I already told myself it wouldn't. I just wanted to give in. I feel like that would be the easiest solution to all of this. I need to keep my heart guarded. I don't want to fall for someone that I can lose. And that's exactly what's happening. "We should go." Is all I said.
Lindy smiled sadly as she nodded.
She dropped me off at my house and gave me a reassuring smile, "I'll be back tomorrow."
"See you then."
I waited for Lindy to back out of the driveway, and drive away. I didn't bother going to my house. My grandparents weren't home and neither were the twins. They were leaving about the same time I was and they weren't back yet. So I walked over to Jack's at a normal pace and rang the doorbell.
I was nervous again. The nervousness thickened in the pit of my stomach. I don't know what I'll say to him or how I'll even react to seeing him. With the way I left things last night, I'll be surprised he wants to talk to me at all.
The door opened and Jack's smiling face was on the other side.