
Grade A creep.
James moved his hands to my hips and my heart started beating faster. I turned us around so James's back was facing Paxton and I turned to face James, "Watch your hands."
He held them up in defense, "Sorry. Won't happen again."
I wasn't mad about it, just slightly uncomfortable, "It's fine. Just...hands don't go below the waist." I swallowed, "Only when Paxton is looking. It's going to be hard to explain this to Jack as it is." It could've been worse than a simple touch to my bare skin. He could've kissed me and that would've earned him a slap in the face.
I took a step back and brushed my hand through my hair. I glanced around his shoulder and Paxton and Meredith were gone. "Where'd they go?" I looked back to James and he nudged his head to our right. I looked in that direction and they were dancing. Paxton's back was to us.
I let out a sigh of relief and looked up to James, "I really want to get out of here."
James smiled a little, "As soon as I can get her alone, we're out of here."
I was looking at them when James touched my cheek, "I'm gonna go get a drink, will you be okay?"
I nodded and he slowly disappeared in the crowd.
The song changed and I felt weird standing by myself. I looked around at all the dancing bodies that surrounded me. There was a group of girls laughing, dancing, and having a good time. There were more couples than anything. Some making out, some basically going at it like rabbits. Or they looked like they were about to. It was a bit...much.
I kept my eye on the bar while James was getting his drink. A girl came up to him and tapped him on the shoulder to get his attention. A smile spread wide across his lips when he looked at her. She was gorgeous, of course, from what I could tell by her profile.
Yep, looks like I'm on my own.
I felt a tap on my shoulder and I turned around. Expecting to see Paxton, I see someone I've never even met. The guy was tall and lanky, had dark hair, and wore glasses. He was completely adorable. "What are you doing all alone?" He asked, a big smile spreading across his lips.
I couldn't help the smile that spread across your own, "My friend went to go get a drink."
He put his hand in my direction, "I'm Oliver."
I wrapped my hand around his and shook it, "Juliet."
"Beautiful name." He dropped my hand, "Want to dance?"
I looked behind me and James was now up close and personal with the girl that came up to him. I turned back around to Oliver and nodded my head. He took my hand and led me further into the dancing crowd until I was cut off from James's view. He wasn't paying attention to me anyway.
I danced with Oliver until I felt like I was about to faint. But I did find out it was his 21st birthday tonight and he's a college student. Yep, completely off limits. But he was fun to dance with.
Lindy approached us, wiggling her eyebrows in my direction, "Can I dance with my best friend?" She smiled up at Oliver.
He glanced at Lindy and back to me, "If you absolutely have to." He teased, "It was nice meeting you, Juliet. Hope to see you around." He sent a nod in my direction and disappeared.