
I got off at 2 P.M. the next day. Sleep again wasn't kind to me last night. I was dreading tonight more than anything. Sitting in the same room with Jack for two hours was two hours too many. I sometimes felt too nice, and other times I felt like I had my reasons. One of them being Jack's position in a murder case. Sure, I've wondered if he actually did it. But I wasn't about to ask.
And then it hit me.
That's what he meant last night. Just ask and get it over with. Now it was eating at me and I really wanted to ask. But of course, he's going to tell me he didn't do it. What's the point of wasting breath? I didn't exactly know Jack enough to tell if he was lying or not. And yet, I'm agreeing to help him.
When I pulled into the driveway, Michael was already waiting. I had totally forgotten about him wanting to talk. I hesitated, but got out of the car. He was leaning against his car, waiting for me. "Do you want to come in?" I offered, trying to keep my tone as pleasing as possible.
He smiled and slightly nodded.
My grandparent's weren't home, they rarely were during the week. They liked to take small road trips to go to antique stores and auctions, not that I was complaining. It was nice to have the house to myself every once in a while.
Michael followed me inside, closing the door behind him. "What did you want to talk about?" I asked, setting my keys down on the counter and retreating to the fridge. I got out two bottles of water, handing one to Michael.
"You haven't answered my calls or my texts over the past week."
"I've been busy." I lied.
He eyed me, the grey of his shirt making his green eyes pop. "It takes five seconds to answer a text."
"I guess that's how long it took you to find a girl to make out with." I snapped, feeling aggravated at this point. I didn't mean for it to come out sounding so harsh.
It's not like we were dating, but he knew my intentions. I guess I wasn't clear of his. "I'm sorry." He said. "I was drunk and—"
"I don't care." I sighed. "It's not like we're dating, but you invited me and it was just a slap in the face."
"I get it. It was stupid and I'm sorry. But I want to make it up to you."
It was taking everything in me not to give in because of the way he was looking at me. Like a little lost puppy. "I'll call you." Is all I said and I felt good.
I walked him back out to his car and he left. We didn't have much to say after that. I could tell I hurt his feelings but maybe now he'll understand how I felt. I didn't have intentions on calling him anytime soon. I guess I do care, it just makes me mad because he invited me personally and then decides to 'hook-up' with someone else. Not saying I wanted to hook-up with him.
I showered and changed out of my work clothes. I slipped on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and tied my hair into a messy knot on top of my head. I heard the front door close, signaling that my grandparents made it home. I let out a sigh and made my way down the stairs, but I heard multiple voices. I stopped at the bottom of the stairs, trying to figure out who they belonged to.
I heard my grandma and grandpa clearly, but there was another female voice and a male's voice. They did sound familiar, but I couldn't place it until I walked into the living room. "Juliet, you remember the Roedan twins?" She asked.