
I walked up the stairs and the moment I reached the landing, James came out of one of the guest rooms. "Thought I heard you." His smile reached his eyes. It was kind of nice someone looked forward to me coming home.
"It's been quite the interesting night." I turned away so I could walk into my room. James followed behind closely.
"It's about to get a bit more interesting." He said.
"What?"
He pointed to my desk and I turned to face it. A large white box tied with a turquoise bow filled the area of my desk. "What the..." I stepped in front of my desk and ran my fingers along the edge of the box. "Who's it from?"
James stepped beside me and I faced him. He let his shoulders fall into a shrug, "It was delivered while you were gone. Found it when I came home. The card says it's for you."
I plucked the small white card that was tucked under the bow and unfolded it. It had my name on it and that was it. Didn't say whom it was from or even where it came from.
I pulled apart the bow and unraveled it from the box. I sucked in a breath and lifted the lid. Whatever it was was tucked away in the same colored paper that the bow was. I pulled the paper back to see what was inside. The turquoise fabric was a silk, I can tell by the shine.
On top of it, was another card. I opened this card and it read, "Saw this and thought of you. It'll bring out the green in your eyes. Wear it to this event." And the longer card behind it was an invitation. It was a charity event at a hotel on the other side of Atlanta. The event is Friday at eight.
"Who is it?" I almost forgot James was standing there until he spoke.
"Doesn't say." I answered.
I handed James the card and went to pick up the dress. I slowly pulled it out, letting the length of it hit the floor.
It was beautiful.
The dress was strapless and loosely hung to the floor. The vibrant turquoise shined in silk like I expected. "It's...gorgeous." I looked at James and he was still studying the card.
"It looks like you have a secret admirer." James grinned and placed the card back in the box.
"It's kind of weird if you ask me." I mumbled.
"Maybe it's from the Michael dude."
I guess that's possible. But so is Paxton. And this has Paxton's name written all over it. "Maybe." I didn't want to share my theory, because I could be wrong. I don't think I am though.
"You gonna go?"
We both just looked down at the dress and then I felt his stare, "I don't know." I tore my eyes away from the dress and looked at him, "They could be dangerous. Seriously dangerous."
"It's at an event, so I don't think they could actually do anything out in the open. But if it's Michael, I doubt you have to worry." Something about the last part of his statement made me want to laugh. James could easily take Michael, there's no question.