

The next morning I felt nervous and excited at the same time. I would be learning more about my mom, but nervous about sitting with the person who abandoned me all those years ago.
I put on a red sundress and braided my hair to the side loosely. I swallowed the lump in my throat and walked downstairs for breakfast. James was sitting there with my grandma, no Grandpa or Meredith in sight.
James smiled and patted the seat next to him.
I joined them, taking the seat next to James. I piled my plate with two pancakes and dug in. My grandma's pancakes are like clouds, so light and fluffy.
"Still meeting up with your dad?" She asked, taking a sip of her coffee.
I nodded and swallowed my food, "At noon. He said he's going to bring pictures of my mom and stuff."
"That's good, sweetie. You know you can call me if you need me to."
"I can handle him."
"I wouldn't doubt that." She grinned and stood up. She left the kitchen, leaving James and me alone.
He was quiet next to me for a few moments, "Are you going to be up to go tonight?"
I took a drink of my orange juice while nodding. Wasn't really a good idea on my part to do that, "As long as you're still going."
"You'll let me corrupt you for the night?"
Why does everyone want to corrupt me? I'm not that uptight. Wait—I'm not uptight at all, what the hell? Jack's done a good job on that corrupting thing. It's a work in progress anyway. I don't even know what they want me to do exactly. Drink? No way in hell.
"Depends on what you have in mind." I eyed him warily.
James smirked, "I guess you'll find out tonight."
"Should I be worried?"
He shook his head, "Absolutely not. I just want to show you what fun looks like. And no, it doesn't involve any books. I'm talking real fun."
I narrowed my eyes and glared at him, "I will fight you."
James let out a laugh and threw an arm over the back of my chair, "Not today you won't. Just one night. That's all I'm asking and I promise, I won't pressure you to drink or anything you don't want to do."
I was still a bit on the fence about this, "Fine. But no, I'm not drinking. You don't need that to have a good time."
And easy smile rested on his lips, "I agree." He leaned into me, and I almost thought he was going to kiss me but his lips landed on my cheek. "Good luck with your dad." He whispered in my ear and a chill sped down my spine. His cheek brushed mine as he pulled back and left without looking at me once.
That was odd.
I put a hand over the spot he kissed and sighed. It was friendly. Everything about the way he acts is just friendly. I'm not going to read too much into that and just go along with my day.