
He nodded his head, "You're welcome."
I got out of the car before he did. When I made it to Jack's front door, I looked to my house to see James finally walking inside without a glance in my direction. I probably should've followed him and made sure he was okay. I really did feel bad for James.
I took a deep breath and unlocked Jack's door. I locked it back behind me and started for his room. Light seeped through the crack in his door so he must still be awake. I pushed it opened all the way and stepped inside. Jack was sat up against his pillows with a book in his hands.
He looked up and dropped the book in his lap.
I probably should've changed before I came over, "Hey." I smiled and kicked off my shoes before crawling on the bed.
"Hey."
I lay down next to him and closed my eyes, "I missed you tonight." I breathed and opened my eyes back up to meet his, "You didn't have to wait up."
"You forget who I am."
"True." Now's the time to mention Paxton. "You'll never believe who was Meredith's date."
Jack's smile slowly fell, "Are you kidding me?"
I shook my head while I picked at the hem of my shirt, "I don't know what he's trying to do, Jack. And when we were all saying bye, he hugged me and whispered that he still knows that you and I are talking." I took my chances and looked at Jack again.
He wasn't looking at me. He ran his hands roughly through his hair and leaned his head back against the headboard, "I don't know what he's doing either or why the hell he decided to bother you."
"He wouldn't hurt me, would he?"
He didn't answer me.
"Jack."
"No." He said firmly, "I won't let that happen."
James won't either, but he's leaving soon. I want to believe Paxton won't hurt Meredith or me. I know James will see to it that Meredith doesn't see Paxton again. "You can't be with me all the time."
"Don't worry, Juliet. He won't come near you again."
I feel like he's say this just to pacify me, "Okay. I believe you."
I wanted to cry for the millionth time today, but what's crying going to help with? Nothing. So I took another deep breath and closed my eyes again. "I'm gonna go home I guess."
"But you just go here."
"I'm like five seconds away from falling asleep."
"You can spend the night. It's not like you haven't before."
I opened my eyes and turned on my side. I moved the book from his lap and maneuvered myself until my head was resting in his lap. "Good. I didn't really plan on leaving."
He brushed his fingers along my cheek and down my neck to move away any stray strands of hair. I sighed with contentment. He ran his fingers through my hair continuously and it eased me into sleep.
I woke up on the other side of his bed a few hours later. The sun was up and shining through his window. Jack was still fast asleep next to me. He lay on his stomach with his hands tucked under the sides of his pillow.