
He pulled me against his chest from behind, "Stop running from me." His bottom lip dragged against the top of my ear.
I closed my eyes and fell against him, "I'm running for a reason!" I called over the storm, "I need to get away from you."
Jack's arm tightened around my waist, "Come back inside." His lips were still by my ear.
My breathing picked up without warning. I couldn't think straight when he was this close, "Stop—"
"You knew this, Juliet. You knew we shouldn't have—"
"You started this." I grounded, "You kissed me. What did you expect to happen?"
Rain pelted us, soaking us to our skin. Hair was falling in my eyes, but I had no will to move it. Jack's touch keeps me still. His arm still tight around my waist to keep me against him. His mouth so close to my ear, I couldn't form a sentence.
"I didn't expect to feel this way. How was I supposed to know what was going to happen?"
I don't know if I should be insulted or not. I didn't know if he didn't want to feel this way about me because of who I am. The girl next door he would torment when he was bored. I was nothing to him. And now, he didn't even know what to do about what he was feeling. "You're scared of losing me, right?" He asked.
I nodded against him.
"It works both ways. If something happens to me and I have to leave you, I couldn't do it. I don't want to get attached because not only would I be hurting you, I would be hurting myself. And that's something I couldn't do. I don't want to hurt you, Juliet."
I wanted to cry even more because he was right. We shouldn't be doing this. It was stupid to get involved with Jack knowing what could happen. That we could be split up for a very long time or indefinitely.
Jack's breath was hot on my neck, "Believe me," His lips pressed against my skin, "I would pay attention to every part of your body if things were different."
If Jack didn't have a hold on my waist, I would've fallen. Everything he's saying isn't making this easier. I won't think about losing him that way, because I won't. I told him I would help him and I'm going to stick to it.
I rolled my head back against his shoulder and his hand clasped around my chin, "I won't let this get in the way."
There were too many things that could get in the way. There are too many things that are already in the way and we shouldn't ignore them. But right now I wanted to say the hell with everything. I wanted Jack in ways it was hard to explain.
Jack's mouth was on mine before I could think anymore. His lips singed every thought in my mind except the one revolving around his lips and how I couldn't get enough of them. Jack slowly turned me around, careful not to break the kiss. I placed my hands on his sides while his slid up my shoulders and gripped my face. Everything felt like it was on fire.
As I pulled back, Jack laughed. It was a small laugh, but it confused me. "What?"