
I walked outside to grab the newspaper from the driveway because it seems my grandparents decided to sleep in. I wasn't complaining though, I think they need it.
"Juliet!" A woman's voice called my name.
I looked to my right to see Marie McKinnon frantically waving a hand at me. "Hi, Mrs. McKinnon!" I called back. I just thought she was being friendly, but she started making her way over to me.
"I'm glad I caught you, I was just getting ready to come over." She smiled and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.
"Oh, my grandparents are still asleep—"
"No, no, no. It's you I was coming to see. I just made breakfast and I would like to talk to you."
My smile fell a little because I already knew where this was headed. "Sure."
I could smack myself.
I followed her over to the McKinnon's and stepped inside. The house smelled like bacon. It was almost over whelming but something else I couldn't complain about. Man, Lindy and I have serious bacon problems.
She gestured towards the bar where there was a plate of newly made breakfast. Eggs, bacon, and toast. Can't go wrong with a traditional breakfast. But this was also a very weird situation. "What did you want to talk about?" I asked timidly.
She took a seat next to me before speaking. "As you may know, Jack isn't doing too well in school right now with everything that's happened."
I knew it. "I'm sorry." And that was the only thing I could think of to say.
She waved her hand, "It's okay and it's not your fault. But we've been looking for a tutor for a while and it just seems no one has time this summer." She laughed nervously.
Yeah, no time. "You want me to do it?" Of course, Juliet, don't be stupid.
"I know you're probably going to be busy but just two days a week would be great and I'll pay by the hour—"
"I won't be able to do it, Mrs. McKinnon." I swallowed the lump in my throat. "I have my senior year to prepare for and I won't have time, I'm sorry."
She struggled to keep her smile. "I understand, but I just thought I would ask."
Not only did Jack make me feel bad, now Marie is. "Let me think about it for a couple of days and I'll let you know."
She smiled again and stood up. "That's great, thank you." She breathed. "I have to get to the office right now unfortunately. You go ahead and finish your breakfast and I'll talk to you in a couple of days."
I nodded and she left a pat on my shoulder before disappearing.
I heard the front door close and I finally let go of the breath I was holding.
When I heard footsteps upstairs a few minutes later, I bolted for the front door. I ran out and snatched the paper from my driveway before running back to my house. And now I was feeling guilty for leaving the plate on the counter.
Sleep was resting on my shoulders at 2:58 A.M. that night. Or should I say morning?
I kept nodding off, but I needed to make it to 3 A.M.