
"Yeah." She answered simply.
"What happened to a couple of hours?" I teased.
She laughed and slipped on her shoes, "I don't think we need to be left alone for a couple of hours."
I didn't dare move from my spot on the bed for specific reasons, "When will I see you again?"
She walked over to the side of the bed I was sitting on, "I'll try coming after my shift on Monday or Tuesday. I need to see what times your mom plans on checking on me."
"Do you want to read tonight?" I asked with a hopeful smile.
"Please." She leaned in and kissed me quick, "I'll see you soon."
I gave a slight nod and she left.
I waited until I heard the door close before I got out of bed. A cold shower was in the cards before I did anything. I gathered my clothes and went into my bathroom to shower. I made it a quick one and got out when I was cooled off.
My parents got home about three hours later and called me down for dinner. It was rare my mom ever cooked. She can cook. She's actually pretty amazing at it, but she just never does it. Disappointing, really.
We gathered at the small table in the kitchen and began eating. The quiet only lasted a few minutes until my dad started asking questions, "Did anything come to you while we were gone?"
I swallowed the bite I just took and nodded, "I remember being at the diner Juliet works at."
They exchanged a look and my mom spoke when she looked at me, "How do you know she works there?"
Now I realize my mistake, "Uh, I saw her there."
"She saw you that night and she didn't say anything?"
I shook my head, "She didn't know I was there. I saw her, she didn't see me."
"Who were you with?"
"Paxton."
My dad rolled his eyes and looked at my mom, "Nothing but trouble." He looked back to me, "What did I tell you about him, Jack?"
"I know." I felt like a child caught with their hand in a cookie jar, "But he would've told me if something was wrong that night." I lied. Clearly he wouldn't because he didn't even tell me I was with him. And he knows about the blank spaces in my memory.
Some friend.
When my dad finished eating, he excused himself and went to his office. I pushed my plate away from me and leaned back in my chair. My mom was quiet, but I felt her looking at me. I lifted my head to meet her gaze, "What did I do now?"
"Nothing." She said, "Are you...are you and Juliet still..."
"No." I snapped, "But you knew that. It's what you wanted."
She reached towards me and wrapped her hand around mine, "Don't make me out to be the bad person, Jack. Do you honestly think you can handle a relationship right now?"
She had no idea, "Clearly I can't handle anything without screwing up, can I?"
"Jack." She said sternly, "This has nothing to do with you screwing up. This is about protecting you."