
She nodded, "Under the kitchen sink."
"Good, thanks."
Meredith walked out soon after our conversation ended. The thumping of the music was too distracting to even read, so I set my book aside and went downstairs. There were more people than I expected, Meredith didn't exactly tell the truth about that. The hall was crowded near the kitchen and another crowd of people stood in the living room, grinding against each other to the music that pulsated against the walls.
I pushed through the crowd in the hallway and emerged into the living room to find James. He was pressed against the wall by a girl with dark hair past her butt and legs longer than I've ever seen. I walked up to him anyway, tapping his shoulder to get his attention. "Juliet!" He smiled. "Come to join the fun?"
The girl moved her face away from his neck long enough to look at me. "Hi, I'm Nora." She smiled. If I said she was hideous, I would be lying.
"Hi, Nora." I gave her a fake smile and returned to James. "You need to have everyone out of here in an hour, got it?"
Nora assaulted his neck again and the smile returned to his lips. "One hour, I promise."
If they aren't out in an hour, I'll call the cops myself.
Instead of going back up to my room, I walked outside. Without thinking, I walked over to Jack's and lightly knocked on the front door. His parents car and Anna's car was in the driveway so what I was doing was absolutely mental. By the time I gathered my thoughts, I was ready to bolt when the door opened. "Twice in one day? I must be special." Jack wiggled his eyebrows.
"I decided hearing you try to speak French would be more entertaining than that mess at my house."
Just was he stepped away from the door, another guy appeared coming down the stairs. He looked older than Jack, but only by a couple of years. He had white hair and piercing blue eyes I noticed when he stood beside Jack. "Whose your friend?" He smiled, throwing an arm around Jack's shoulders.
"Juliet, this is my obnoxious cousin Paxton."
He looked me up and down, a grin surfacing on his lips. "Ah, Juliet. The girl next door. It's good to finally meet you." He stuck his hand out in my direction and I hesitated before I shook it.
Paxton scanned me again and looked at Jack. "She's definitely prettier than you described."
I looked at Jack, and to say he didn't look amused was an understatement. "Ignore him. He clearly doesn't know how to act around people."
"I'm sure he didn't have nice things to say about me." I teased.
"Oh, nothing but nice things. He even said—"
"Pax!" Jack hissed. "Go home, please."
Paxton looked at Jack, his grinned turning into a smirk. "See you later, Jack." Paxton then looked at me. "I hope we get to meet again."
I don't. "It was nice meeting you, Paxton."
He gave Jack another knowing look before stepping out of the house and leaving. There were only two cars in the driveway so I'm not sure where he was walking to.
Jack stepped out of the doorway again and made the gesture for me to come in. "Parent's are sleeping, but Anna's out by the pool on the phone."