
"Then how do you know those things? I didn't talk to you long enough to tell you any of that."
He looked back down at the pictures, "Your grandma...She told me. She's been sending me pictures over the past...year, I believe. She's told me a lot about you, Juliet. And I know it was stupid of me for how I approached you. I should've wrote you the letter before I trapped you like that. I'm so sorry."
All I could grasp was the fact that my grandma has been lying to my face for a year. She never once told me that. She never told me he reached out to her a year ago. I just couldn't believe that she would hide something like this from me. I don't know if I'm mad, or sad.
"Why did it take you so long?" I asked instead.
"I told you. I needed to make sure I was ready. I needed to be one hundred percent when I came to you. It's been so hard for me." He looked up from the pictures, "I reached out to your grandma a year ago because I needed to know how you were and what you looked like now. I wasn't ready to see you in person a year ago. I wasn't who I wanted to be yet."
I felt tears burn my eyes but I didn't let them fall, "All I wanted was a father and you couldn't be that for me. I needed you."
"That's why I did what I did, Juliet. I'm ready for you to come back with me."
My eyes widened, "What? What are you talking about go back with you?"
"I want you to come live with me in California."
I nearly exploded, "Did you really think I would just leave everything and go with you to California? You're a stranger to me, Will. I have no idea who you are right now. And you clearly don't know me either or else you would've known that was the last question you should ask me."
A flash of hurt crossed his aging features only for a moment before it completely disappeared, "I know you wouldn't agree right away—"
"I would never agree to that."
"I thought eventually you would. You could get to know me and see me for the person I've changed into. We could start over and I can be the father you want me to be."
I swiped away a stray tear, wielding the other ones from spilling out, "You would expect me to leave everything behind? My grandparents, my friends, my boyfriend—" And I snapped my mouth shut. I didn't mean for the word boyfriend to come out because I didn't even know if that was what Jack is to me, "I'm not going with you and I don't plan on changing my mind."
The hurt was more evident on his face now, "Your grandma never mentioned a boyfriend."
And I could burry myself in a hole right now, "She doesn't know about him yet. But that's not the point. I'm not moving to California with you."
"What about a week? Come stay with me for a week and I can show you my life now. I can change your mind."
I actually hesitated, scanning my eyes over his face, "No. I have my senior year to prepare for and I just can't go with you."
"You can bring your boyfriend. There's plenty of room for anyone you would want to bring." His eyes turned to pleading, "Please, just give me a chance, Juliet. I want to show you I've changed and that I'm ready for you to come live with me so we can be a family again. It what your mom would've wanted—"