
"Say it again." I grinned, leaning on my elbows.
Jack rolled his eyes, repeating the same sentence in French for the past five minutes. He got it right the first time, but seeing him get annoyed with me kept me entertained. And it was an excuse to hear him speak French. I love looking for excuses when it came to Jack obviously.
After the fifth time, Jack caught on and threw a pillow at me. He groaned, clutching his side but he masked it with a laugh. Which probably didn't feel any better. I was worried because he wouldn't let me get help. My grandma would ask a lot of questions, but she wouldn't tell anyone.
Or at least I don't think she would. I think if I explained everything, she would see why I care so much.
"Do you need something for the pain?" I asked, pointing to his side.
He shook his head and looked down at his book, "I'm not in pain."
"Could've fooled me."
He looked up from his book to glare at me, "Aren't we supposed to be studying?"
I grinned again and lay down on Jack's bed, belly first, "You're supposed to be studying. I'm just here to supervise." I teased, taking the book from Jack's lap. "I honestly don't even think you need me anymore." I mumbled while flipping to the next page of the book.
"No, I still need you. Trust me." He laughed lightly.
I looked up from the book to meet his gaze, "We could be doing fun things instead of reading." I slammed the book closed and pushed it off the bed. I leaned on my elbows again and looked up at Jack.
The corner of his mouth perked into a half grin, "What kind of fun did you have in mind?"
"Come on." I jumped off the bed and leaned over to grab his hand.
He got out of bed and I held on tighter to his hand as I dragged him down the stairs. "Should I be afraid of what your idea of fun is? I thought homework was your idea of fun..."
"I'm very insulted, Jack." I turned my head over my shoulder to give him a smile. I dropped his hand and walked to the back door. I pushed open the French doors, and walked outside on the pool deck.
Dimmed pool lights illuminated the pool and the little bit of light the moon was giving off.
Oh god, what was I about to do?
Something I'll regret most likely...there's been a lot of regret happening lately, but after I think about it, I'm always glad I did it. But I think this may be the exception. I wanted to do what Lindy told me.
Live.
But I didn't expect myself to do it this soon. And with Jack. I don't know what's gotten into me and I wasn't sure if I liked it. I liked myself in that moment. I did want to let loose for once and stop being afraid of living. I know this isn't what my mom would've wanted for me.
Well, being half naked wouldn't be what she wanted.
She would want me to live.
"What did I tell you about swimming?" Jack asked as he stepped outside.
I turned around to face him, slowly backing towards the pool, "Scared, McKinnon?" I teased. I reached for the hem of my shirt and didn't hesitate to pull it over my head.