
Jack's eyes widened and it made me smile.
I left my shorts on and jumped into the pool. Bras are basically like bikini tops, so it didn't really faze me.
When I surfaced, I spun around, seeing Jack still standing in the same position he was before I jumped in, "Who are you?" He asked slowly.
I laughed and swam to the edge of the pool close to where he was standing, "A pain in the ass. Now get in before I have to go home." I playfully pouted and then pushed off the wall.
I rose up in time to watch Jack pull his shirt over his head and rid himself of his sweatpants. He wore boxers underneath or else we would definitely be having some problems. Jack jumped in and surfaced in seconds. He pushed the hair back out of his face and gave me a smile. "In pain?"
He shook his head, "Not so much."
"Good." I swam backwards until my back pressed against the wall of the deep end. The part where Jack can't go. And he knew what I was doing by my grin.
"Hilarious." He said, stopping at the middle. He looked down at his bracelet and back at me. "Still green." He swam a little closer, but didn't look down at his ankle. I kept an eye on the bracelet, the color of the light never changing.
Jack stopped a few inches in front of me, the color of the light still green. "I thought you said you couldn't go this far."
"Maybe I lied." He smirked.
My mouth dropped open, "You little—"
"I would hate to hear that word come out of your mouth."
"You don't know what I was going to say." I crossed my arms over my chest.
Jack shrugged, "I know it's something you wouldn't say. So it must be pretty bad."
"You don't know me." I countered; letting my arms fall to my sides.
Jack swam closer, bracing himself against the wall. He caged me in, his chest against mine. The skin-on-skin contact was not helping my situation. "But I do, Juliet." I wish he wouldn't say my name right now. "I know that you once cried in the first grade because you accidentally said the word hell. I can't imagine what you would do if I let you finish that sentence."
"Well, for one, it would have made me feel a lot better."
"Then go ahead. Call me every name in the book."
"Fine." I was going to enjoy this, "Where do I even start? First, you're a jackass, a jerk, an idiot, egotistical, arrogant, a little fu—"
And he kissed me.
It was different than the last one. I had the chance to enjoy the feel of his lips against mine before I decided that it was indeed stupid and I needed to push him away. But that feeling never came.
Not yet, anyway.
I lifted my arms, snaking them around his neck. My hands brushed over the back of his neck, sinking into his hair.