
Jack stood up to his feet and stretched his arms out in front of him, "Well now we're officially even."
I let out a defeated sigh and walked up to him. I threw my arms around his neck and stood on my toes to leave a small kiss on his lips. "Better?"
He smiled and leaned in, "Not even close." And he kissed me again...and again...and again.
The sound of the doorbell echoing through the house jolted us apart. I looked at him with raised eyebrows but he wasn't moving. "Go answer it." I hissed in a whisper. He moved around me and jogged to the front door. I hid in the kitchen in case it could've been Paxton.
But it was my grandma's voice that rang through the house.
Oh, no.
"Jack." I could tell she was trying to be nice, "Is your mother around?"
"No, Mrs. White. She won't be home until later tonight."
"Shoot." If she would've been talking to me, her language would've been colorful. She may be a grandma but she can curse like a sailor.
"I can give her a message, if you want."
It was quiet for a moment, "Just tell her I would like to speak to her about keeping an eye on Juliet for me."
Their cruise. I totally forgot about the cruise.
They planned it last year for my grandma's birthday.
Wait—I don't need a babysitter. I think James and Meredith will still be here, so I don't see why this is necessary.
"I'll give her the message."
"Thanks, Jack."
I heard the door close and soon Jack popped into the kitchen, "Guess you heard that."
I rolled my eyes, "I don't need a babysitter. James and Meredith will still be here. I'm seventeen, I'm completely capable of staying alone."
"When do they leave?"
"Sunday and they'll get back the following Sunday."
Jack leaned a hand on the counter, "Well now you don't have to use Lindy as an excuse to sneak out and see me."
I lifted my shoulders in a shrug, "That is a plus. But still. Your mom doesn't need to keep an eye on me. I'll be fine. I'll most likely be here when I'm not at work anyway, she just won't know it."
"You know I don't want you to get in trouble, right? Believe me, I'm not worth all the trouble."
He made my heart ache. I think he's worth getting in trouble over. "If you can get in trouble for me, I can get in trouble for you." Two different kinds of trouble. And mine is nothing compared to his. "I have to tell them soon."
Jack smiled sadly, "Even if that means you can't see me again?"
"I won't let that happen."
He took a step towards me and caressed my cheek with one hand, "I can be your Romeo."