
"You think about me?" He was shocked. He didn't sound cocky, like oh, you think about me? But more of a question. Like why are you thinking about me when you could be thinking about something else?
Yeah, I got all of that out of a small question and the tone of his voice.
"It's not a secret."
He didn't say anything else. He didn't question it, didn't make a comment that would make me want to slap him. He just turned around and went back to what he was doing before. And why did it annoy me so much? He disregarded my statement like he's used to it. "I'm not in the mood for working." I said, trying to get his attention.
"Go home." He's back to this again.
"No."
That got his attention, "What? Do you want to go swimming again? Because that really worked out well for the both of us."
"Then you won't mind if I use your pool while you're studying?" I grinned.
"Is this a game to you?" I could tell he was fighting a smile.
"No, it's going to rain anyway. But there are things called movies and I do know you have a pantry filled with junk food."
Jack finally let the smile surface, "I'm the one that should be corrupting you, not the other way around."
"Then it's settled."
Jack was hesitant, but he got up and followed me down stairs. We walked into the kitchen and I found myself standing in the middle of the pantry. Seriously, the food was endless. I think I gained ten pounds just looking at it. "Don't your grandparents ever wonder where you are?"
I looked over at Jack. He was leaning against the door frame of the pantry, "They know when I work. And they know they can trust me. You can't leave the house, so how much trouble can I actually get into?"
Jack took a step in the pantry, "Is that a challenge?"
"Actually, yes. What could you possibly do to get me in trouble without leaving your house?"
My body warmed with each step Jack took towards me, "I can think of a few things that could get you into trouble."
With each step he took towards me, I took another step back. "Just being here with me can get you into all kinds of trouble." He continued walking towards me until I was pressed against the back shelf of the pantry. It wasn't very well lit, but I could see the taunt sliding behind his eyes.
"Then get me in trouble." It just slipped out. I would never actually want to get into trouble. It basically goes against everything I've done to stay out of trouble. But in that moment, I wanted to know exactly how he could get me into trouble. And I'm pretty sure it's not my definition of trouble.
Jack lowered his gaze to my lips and back up to my eyes, "So tempting." I felt his hand against my cheek and his eyes lowered to my lips again as if he was asking for permission. "This will only get me in trouble." His breath fanned over my lips. He was right about tempting. "And if you can't tell, I'm already in a lot of it."
"You can make an exception."