
It was a giant weight lifted off of my shoulders.
I walked up to my room and changed out of my dress and into some pajamas. I started walking to James's room, but Meredith's giggle stopped me. I slowly walked towards her room and stopped in inch away from the door. I leaned in closer and heard her laugh again.
"Stop it." She managed between giggles.
"I can't help it." Paxton spoke.
No. I thought James talked to her about him.
I knocked on the door and the laughing stopped. I heard her hiss a curse word and a loud thump. I knocked again and seconds later the door swung open. Meredith stood in the door way and I looked over her shoulder and Paxton stood in the middle of the room, "What's up?"
"What's he doing here?" I whispered to her but kept my eyes on Paxton.
He smirked.
"We're just hanging out. We aren't doing anything."
"Does your brother know?"
"It's none of his business what I do."
"Meredith."
"Goodnight, Juliet."
Paxton waved as Meredith closed the door.
What the hell was Paxton trying to do? He's now in my house and I'm way over the point of being freaked out. I made it to James's room and knocked on the door quickly. James opened up before I could even retract my hand from the door. I pushed him inside and closed the door behind me.
"What's wrong?" He asked.
"Do you know who's here right now?"
He lifted an eyebrow, "My sister?"
"Yeah, and Paxton's with her. I thought you talked to her about him."
"I did!" He yelled, "She just laughed and said of course I would try to keep her away from him. And then she said I was just like dad. It didn't get through to her."
"Get him out of here!"
James stormed out of the room and I followed behind him. He didn't even knock on the door, he just opened it. "James!" Meredith screeched and got out of the bed. Paxton was standing already, wiping the corner of his mouth with his thumb.
James pointed at Paxton, "You need to leave. Now."
"James!" Meredith said again, "What are you doing?"
"He needs to leave, Mere!"
"Why do I need to leave?" Paxton asked casually.
I grabbed the back of James's shirt because the look on his face was not good.
"Get out before I call the cops." James pointed Paxton to the door.
Paxton leaned over to kiss Meredith but James stopped them, "Don't you dare touch her. Get the hell out of here."
He mumbled something to Meredith and walked out without a look or a word in our direction. I kept my eyes on Meredith. She was glaring at her brother while tears rolled down her cheeks. I felt horrible. But Paxton's bad news and I won't let her get hurt. And I know James won't stand by and watch Paxton hurt her either.