
"Why are sisters so frustrating?" He asked. I almost thought he was ready to pull out his hair.
"I wouldn't know."
He looked at me, his hardened expression softening, "How'd it go with your dad?"
I went into the full story. Starting from the second he sat down until we parted ways. I mentioned the part about California and how he would like for me to come stay with him for a week to change my mind about moving in with him.
"You should go."
I looked at him, my eyes widening in surprise, "Are you serious?"
James shrugged a shoulder, "I don't see the harm in going, Juliet. A free trip to California sounds amazing. You should totally go. You said you won't move there anyway, so I don't see the harm in going."
He had a point, but still. I know I'm not moving there so it's a waste of time and I don't want to get Will's hopes up, "I'm still considering it."
"What did Jack say?"
That's the last person I thought he would ask about, "Um...basically what you just said. He just didn't tell me to go."
A smile raised on his lips, "See, you should go. Have you even been out of Georgia?"
When he puts it that way... "I mean I've been to Florida before. It wasn't that long, but still out of Georgia."
James barked out a loud laugh, "This is why you should go. When will you get another chance? Especially before the monster that is your senior year."
"I have until Monday to decide."
"Choose wisely."
I'll make sure of that.

After I spoke to James, I talked to my grandparents about how it went with my dad. Of course I brought up California and they didn't look surprised. I didn't bring up the fact that my grandma had been talking to my dad for over a year and she didn't tell me. I didn't want to cause any more trouble. She had a good reason not to tell me because I probably would've been too dramatic about it.
Lindy was currently singing loudly to the song playing from my speakers. It was something she put on, not sure exactly what song it is. She was getting ready in my bathroom while I changed in my room. I put on my new black jeans that hugged my legs, a black crop top that barely showed my midriff, and the leather jacket to top it all off. I stuck with my black vans, because I lack what I like to call balance.
I walked into my bathroom to get ready next to a singing Lindy. I straightened my dark waves and put on a little bit of make up. When we were done getting ready, James was already waiting downstairs. I guess Meredith is taking longer than we expected.
James sent a smile in my direction as I walked past him to get to the front door. We walked outside into the cool night and Meredith finally came downstairs and tried to run in her heels. I got into the passenger seat of James's car and Lindy and Meredith got in behind us. I was feeling a little nervous about this. I don't know what tonight has in store for us.