
And that's terrifying.
Jack pulled away, leaning his forehead against mine, "You know I wish things were different, Juliet." He brushed a thumb over my cheek.
"I know."
He took a step back away from me, losing all contact, "They will be soon. And we can be together without any problems." He smiled a little, but it wasn't helping much. I love being with Jack no matter what. It doesn't matter what we do, or where we are. I just love being around him.
I closed the space between us and wrapped my arms around his waist. I pressed my cheek against the spot over his heart and closed my eyes. The beat of his heart was erratic and thumping hard against his chest. He snaked his arms around my shoulders and gave me a gentle squeeze. "I need to get home." I whispered, not wanting to break the contact. "I'm sure my grandma is looking for me. Probably thinks I'm still in bed."
"When are you going to see your dad?"
I tilted my head back to look up at him, "I'm going to call the hotel when I get home and see if he wants to meet up for lunch tomorrow."
He smiled at me, his fingers brushed against my temple as he tucked a loose strand of hair behind my ear, "It'll be fine."
"I hope so. I'll stop by when I get home."
He kissed my forehead and let me go, "You don't have to. I know you have a lot going on tomorrow with Meredith—"
"Jack."
"Sorry." He said sheepishly, "I'll see you tomorrow."
I stood on my toes, kissed his cheek, and left as much as I didn't want to.
When I made it up to my room, I sat at my desk. I reached for my phone, looking up the number to the hotel he was staying at. I looked down at the letter and back at my phone in my hand. Am I doing the right thing? I don't know...
I wanted to know more about my mom. I wanted to know more about him also, as much as it kills me inside.
I found the number and pressed call. My heart was beating faster with each ring. "Hello, how can I help you?"
"I need to talk to William Sanders, please."
"I'll direct your call. Just one moment."
I muttered a thank you and the phone started ringing again.
Breathe in, breath out, breathe in—
"Hello?"
My breath hitched and I couldn't say anything.
"Is someone there?"
I closed my eyes and breathed out, "Will."
"Juliet." The surprised tone was hard to miss, "I didn't think you'd call."