
It's almost over completely. And in a good way.
My dad was the first to pull away and then my mom slowly. She wiped her eyes and I looked up at my dad, "I'm sorry for the shit I've put you guys through these past few years. You haven't done anything to deserve the way I've been treating you and I'm so sorry."
I glanced between them and my mom started to cry again "You're not a bad kid, Jack." He said, "You just make bad decisions. Believe me, I've been there."
It reminded me of what Juliet said, "I'm going to make better decisions now. I want to be a better person for you guys and for Juliet."
My dad's brows furrowed together, "Juliet?"
"Mom never told you?"
He shook his head, "But she's lucky to have you."
"I'm not too sure about that, but I'm lucky I have her. And I'm very lucky I have you guys also. I wouldn't have made it through this without you guys."
"We would do anything for you, Jack, you know that. We love you and Anna more than anything in this world."
I wasn't going to cry, no, stop it. "Thank you, Dad." I looked at my mom and she was wiping her eyes again, "And you, too. I'm seriously lucky to have you for my mom and dad."
I stood up and gave my dad a proper hug. I haven't hugged my dad since I was starting middle school. Maybe even before then. I guess it was long overdue. My mom stood also and I gave her another hug. My mom was small compared to my dad and me so it was a little bit hard to hug her standing. She's about the same height as Juliet, maybe a little taller.
"I'm going to go see Juliet." I whispered to her, "I'll be back before you go to bed."
She took a step back and joined my dad. She nodded and smiled.
I ran out of the house and over to Juliet's. I rang the doorbell and knocked on the door quickly. I ran a hand through my hair as my heart rate picked up speed. The door opened and Juliet looked surprised, "Jack, what-"
I gripped her face and kissed her. She walked me in the house, her lips still attached to mine. I kicked the door shut and pulled away, "It's over."
"Over?"
"They found the finger prints on the gun. And Jeremy's fingerprint is the one on the trigger, not mine. They're arresting him today."
I watched the tears well up in her eyes, "You're free?"
"I am."
A tear rolled down her cheek and I swiped it away with my thumb. She stood on her toes and brought my lips back down to hers, "I'm so happy for you." She breathed against my lips.
Our lips connected for a split second before she led me upstairs. Once we stepped in her room, she closed the door with her foot and we were connected again. She kissed me effortlessly as she backed me towards her bed. She pulled away when the backs of my legs hit the bed, "Do you know when it'll all be official?"
"Hopefully tomorrow. I mean, they're already after the guy. I don't think it gets anymore official than that." I laughed lightly.
She smiled and kissed me again, "True."
I brought my hands up to her face and wiped away more of her tears, "No more crying."