



"You have a crush on Jack!" Lindy yelled.
My eyes widened and I shook my head. "Can you, like, not share my business with the neighbors?" I hissed.
She leaned on her hands and grinned at me. "You're not denying it."
I rolled my eyes and got up from her bed. "I'm not claiming it either."
"But you like him..."
I threw my hands in the air. "I don't know..." I trailed off. "If my grandparents knew I was talking to him, let alone kind of like him, they would lock me in my room until I finish college."
Lindy let out a sigh and stood up also. "If you like him, I think you should tell him."
"I don't even think it's like that, Lindy. I don't dislike him anymore."
"So that means you like him." She stated. "If you don't dislike him, then you like him. Makes perfect sense."
"As friends. And after what Michael did, I kind of want to just stay away from guys."
This time she rolled her eyes. "Michael's a grade A douche bag, I don't blame you. But you like Jack differently, I can tell."
I eyed her for a moment; now realizing my best friend has gone full blown crazy. "Jack hasn't exactly been nice to me, either."
She shook her head and placed her hands on my shoulders. "You said it yourself he's actually been nice to you lately. So, I don't see a problem. And you said he apologized..." She dropped a hand from my shoulder and pointed at me. "You're just making excuses!"
I scoffed. "What? No. Did you not forget about him being on house arrest? For being caught up in a murder investigation?"
"If Jack killed someone, he wouldn't even be in his house. He'd be behind bars, Juliet."
"They have to find evidence—"
"Are you saying you want it to be him?"
"Oh, god, no! That's not what I meant, Lindy."
She tilted her head and looked at me through squinted eyes. "What do you have to lose, Juliet? Have fun for once. Date a cute boy. Get caught making out by his parents. Go skinny dipping, anything!"
I crossed my arms over my chest and raised a brow. "Trying to corrupt me, Lindy? After all these years?"
Lindy let out a laugh. "I've been trying to corrupt you since I talked you into swimming at the lake in nothing but our underwear and bras."
"In my defense, it was just us. I would never do that in front of a guy. Let alone Jack McKinnon of all people."
She just laughed and threw her arms around my shoulders. "Even if it's just friends, you should tell him. He could probably use one right about now."
"Thank you." I mumbled and she stepped back.
"Let's go."
We left her house and we were on our way to Jack's instead of my house. My grandparents think I'll be with Lindy all day. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I don't know how I like Jack. I do want to be his friend, even after all the tormenting over the years. And the fact he could've murdered someone wasn't really something that put my mind at ease over any of it. I told him he could confide in me, though I'm not sure he will. He did a little last night, but that quickly changed when he noticed whom he was talking to probably.