
As soon as I turned my bedroom light on and dropped my keys on the table, my phone came to life in my pocket. I pulled it out and glanced at the screen. I guess I spoke too soon about Jack. I answered, but not too quickly, "Hello—"
"I need to see you." He rushed.
"I'll see you tomorrow night—"
"Parent's left this morning. Let yourself in." And he hung up.
I pulled my phone away from my ear and looked down at it. What just happened? I was too tired to process it.
My work clothes came off and I slipped into something more comfortable. A pair of pajama shorts and a t-shirt. My hair stayed in a ponytail and I made my way over to Jack's. I didn't bother knocking and let myself in like he requested. I walked up stairs, feeling the weight of everything all at once. I was more tired than I thought right now.
But I made it up the stairs without dropping.
Jack's door was already opened. He stood in the middle of his room, looking down at his phone. I knocked on the doorframe and he looked in my direction. I took a step in his room and met him halfway. I wanted to reach out and touch him, but I kept my hands to my sides. "Are we talking again?"
"You heard—"
"She's right though."
Jack shook his head and placed his hands on my shoulders, "No, she's not. She's far from right. Her intentions...they're meant to help you, not me." Jack's brows drew together as he dropped his hands from me, "She is right about my being bad for you. But..." He trailed off, putting his fingers against his temples.
I took a step forward this time, "But what?"
Jack looked at me and dismissed me with the wave of his hand, "Nothing. Never mind." He turned so I was looking at his back. His fingers ran through his hair, tightening at the ends.
"Jack." I grounded. "You agree that you're bad for me? I need you to talk to me—"
"I've been selfish." He dropped his hands but he didn't turn to look at me, "I am bad for you, but you're good for me."
"What's so bad about that?" I moved closer to him until I was almost against his back. "You're not as bad as you think." I slowly snaked my arms around his waist from behind. "And I'm not as good as you think." I said in a low voice. I tightened my arms around him and he sighed.
We stood like that for a moment. A moment too long. Finally he placed his hands over my arms and squeezed them gently. "I've been selfish my whole life." He said softly. "I won't be selfish when it comes to you."
I pressed my forehead against his back and squeezed my eyes closed. I wanted to believe what he was saying was a good thing. By his tone I'm thinking it's actually bad. "I won't lose you because of this." I splayed my hands over his abdomen, slipping one hand up and over his heart. I felt his heart thump erratically against my hand and he sucked in a shaky breath.
His hand rested on top of my hand above his heart. He curled his fingers around my hand slowly and pulled me from behind him. He cupped my face and moved his lips to mine. They worked against his in sync. It was almost sloppy. It was aggressive and needy.