
"Sure." He smiled and stepped inside. "Thank you for not slamming the door in my face."
"I think that's behind us now."
I led him into the kitchen and gestured towards the breakfast table. It was a little odd having him in this house again. It was weird having him here at all. He's my dad that I haven't seen in so many years and now he just pops back up like he never left. Especially at this hour. "Coffee or tea?" I offered.
"Coffee, please. Can't go a day without it."
"Now I know where I get it from." I joked while preparing the pot for fresh coffee. While I waited for it to finish, I sat down with him. "I haven't been able to function without a cup of coffee since I started high school."
"I was the same. I still tell people not to ask me questions before my first cup. Your mother is the reason for my coffee habit."
Ah, so both of them were caffeine fanatics, "Doesn't surprise me."
The coffee machine beeped and I stood to fill our cups. He took his the same way I did, no sugar or cream. He sipped on his quietly and I decided to ask the question I've been dying to, "Can I ask you a question?"
"Shoot."
I sat my cup down and tried to think of a way to word this without sounding rude, "Did you ever marry again?"
He sat his cup down, but kept his hands wrapped around it, "I did about six years ago." He smiled sadly.
I swallowed the giant lump in my throat and blinked back tears, "Did you ever have anymore kids?"
He shook his head, "There was no way I would have any kids knowing about you, Juliet. I wouldn't do that to you."
It wasn't exactly relieving, but it was just a tad, "What about your wife? Doesn't she want kids?"
"She already has two kids from her previous marriage. She told me on our first date she doesn't want any more kids. I waited a few dates to mention you. It was hard to talk about you knowing I couldn't see you."
"You could've seen me—"
"It wasn't the right time."
Part of me understood and then the other part of me wanted to kick him out of my house because he felt like a complete stranger, "Well what are her kids like?"
"The oldest is Samantha, she just finished her first year of college. Very smart, but she never really liked me much. Then her son Jamie just graduated high school in the spring. He definitely likes me more than his sister does. He's interning this summer at the company at work at. Over all good kids."
It looks like he had a new family, he didn't need me now, "They seem great." It was hard to hide the visible disappointment. What did I expect?
"Have you decided about California yet?"
With all that's going on right now, I never even thought about it, "Not yet. When do you leave?"
"I'm only here for a couple more weeks."
"I'll give you your answer before then."
He smiled and took a sip of his coffee.