
"Why can't you help me, Juliet?"
I took a glance behind me. "Exactly how far can you go?" I asked, changing the subject.
"To the mailbox. What does that have to do with anything—oh, I see what you're doing."
I grinned. "Clearly it's not working."
He let out another sigh. "Help me and I swear I'll never bother you again. I can even have my parents pay you for helping."
Even though that completely goes it against it being a favor, I do need money for college. "My grandparent's won't let me and I'm sure I don't need to elaborate." I admitted.
"Of course, why would you be any different?"
I flinched a little. "Excuse me?"
He squeezed his eyes closed. "I didn't mean it like that." He opened his eyes again. "I mean it's the same thing I've been told by everyone."
"Considering your circumstances, you're lucky that's all they told you."
Another loud sigh escaped his lips, telling me he was only getting more annoyed by the second. And I'm enjoying it a little bit. "Whatever. Forget I asked. I'll do it on my own. I don't know how, but I'll figure it out. Sorry to wake you."
I wanted to tell him I wasn't sleeping, but I didn't. I just stood there like an idiot and I didn't know what to say.
He went back inside without saying another word. I stood there for a moment before going back to my house and climbing back into bed. Now I'm never going to get sleep. The guilt was worse than before. I just couldn't do it. My grandparents would kill me before I helped him. Or at least lock me in the attic until I go off to college.
I got out of bed after tossing and turning for a few minutes and went to my window seat. I pushed the curtains open and sat down. I looked across the yard and into Jack's room like the creep I am. He was awake, sitting on the edge of his bed with his head in his hands. Now I really felt horrible. And I shouldn't, right? This is his problem. He shouldn't have gotten into trouble and did the work like he was supposed to. I know he's smart. He probably reads more than I do. And we always went head to head in the spelling bee during our elementary years.
He's smart, he can do this on his own.
Before I knew it, the sun was rising and it seemed pointless to go back to bed. I watched the sun rise and stood up from my seat. I don't remember when Jack went to sleep and he didn't look over here once. I felt like I was reaching stalking potential. Or I most definitely have reached stalking potential. I was just curious...and guilty. Great way to spend my summer break.
My grandparents weren't up yet so I made the coffee and poured myself a cup. Need that caffeine to get me through the day.
After my morning two cups of coffee, I walked back up the stairs to take a shower. The shower only made me sleepy so that didn't help much. I dried off and got dressed for the day. A t-shirt and a pair of shorts seemed fitting because it was really hot today. Really felt like summer. I ran my fingers through my wet and messy dark locks and slipped on a pair of shoes.