
I looked at her again, "Can I ask you something and you promise not to get mad at me?"
She eyed me with curiosity, "Have you ever seen me mad? It's a rarity. So, ask me anything." She was practically buzzing in her seat.
I picked through my head, trying to pick the combination of words that wouldn't sound so ridiculous. I think no matter what it's going to sound ridiculous. "Um...how was Jack when you dated?"
I waited for a reaction that didn't come.
She looked at me the same, almost like she was expecting this question. But she had no idea Jack and I were getting closer. "He was...different." She nodded to herself, "Yeah, that's a good way to put it." She smiled a little.
"Different how?" Now I was curious.
"He's always acted the same. Reckless and rebellious. But he was always good to me. You probably can't tell by the way he's acted."
Okay, now all of this came to a surprise to me. I couldn't imagine Jack doing something for someone else. Especially a girlfriend. It's good to know though. I knew he couldn't be all bad. "Definitely sounds different." I muttered, "And I know it's none of my business, so feel free to shoot me down any time."
She shrugged her shoulders and leaned back, "I honestly don't mind. Jack and I rarely ever fought, and when we did, it was probably over pizza toppings." She laughed a little.
Part of that made me smile, "Wish I could say that about our fights." I said it out loud instead of thinking it.
"You're together?"
I quickly shook my head, "No, no, no. Never. I've been helping him with his work he needs to get done before he can take his exams."
Madison still didn't seem fazed. She smiled like she always has, "I wouldn't care, you know..." and I believed it, "Jack can be the most stubborn person you'll ever meet, but he's also one of the greatest friends I've made since I moved here three years ago."
All of this was surprising. She was talking highly of Jack and I couldn't wrap my head around it. I knew there was good in Jack, but I never actually heard someone say it. Someone who actually dated him for almost a year. "May I ask why you broke up with him?" I asked slowly with caution.
Her smile faltered a little, "He broke up with me."
Now that wasn't a surprise that he broke up with his girlfriend. It was a surprise because she said they were happy, "He broke up with you?"
"Sadly. We were doing really well, and I mean really well. He was always happy. But one week, he decided to go back to his old ways and I tried. I really did. But he said he just wasn't feeling it anymore." She shrugged. "What can you do, right?"
I smiled sadly, "It still sucks though."
"I guess so, but we're still friends." I could see she was sad about it and I hated that I brought Jack up. I didn't want to upset her. Madison is the last person I would ever want to upset.
I reached over the table and put my hand over hers, "I'm glad you're still friends."
She didn't look as sad as before, but I could tell she was still a bit sad.