
"Aren't all your pictures?"
I turned my head to look at him, "Rude!" I playfully smacked his arm, "I will go where you can't follow." I looked back at the photo album and opened it up.
He leaned towards me, pressing his lips against my temple, "Don't even joke like that." I felt his smile and it made my lips tip up at the ends. He kissed the spot and moved back a bit.
He maneuvered himself a little until he was slightly behind me. He rested his chin on my shoulder and looked over at the pictures. "That's your mom?" He asked.
"Yeah, when she was my age."
"It's amazing how much you look like her. She's really beautiful."
It reminded me of what he said when he asked me if I missed my parents. "She really is." I sighed, "I wish I could've known her."
"I wish you could've known her. I feel like she would be just like you. Attitude and all."
I let out a small laugh, "That's what my grandma says."
I flipped through the pages. There were many pictures of my mom throughout the years and I stopped at one.
It was a picture of her holding me in the hospital.
The date scribbled on the picture was my birthday.
Her cheeks were flushed as she had the biggest smile on her face while she held me up to her face. This must have been moments before she passed away. I couldn't stand that thought. That she's actually gone. She looked happy and healthy. Happy to have her baby in her arms that was me.
Now I was crying, of course. Exactly what I didn't want to do.
"She would've loved you." Jack said, tilting his head on my shoulder to look at me, "Every little piece of you."
"I didn't think it would be possible to miss someone I've never met." I barely chocked out the sentence.
"Of course it's possible. It's your mom, Juliet."
"I know." I whispered, "I just hate that she's not here." Now I sound selfish. But I would do anything to see her.
I took a well-needed breath and exhaled slowly before I turned the page. There were baby pictures of me, and of course, almost every single one was embarrassing. It had Jack and me both laughing. Jack pointed to one from my first birthday. My grandma was standing next to me while it looked like I was flinging cake everywhere. She had a giant glob on the side of her face. "You were a pain in the ass even then."
I turned my head a little to look at him, "Are you saying I'm a pain in the ass?"
He kept his focus on the album, "Only on days that end in Y."
"Quick with the jokes, aren't you?"
He laughed and tilted his head to look at me, "I got you to smile."
"I'll give you that one." I looked back at the album and turned the page to the next set of pictures. Jack kissed my jaw, which made me smile even more. It made me feel much better as well. Just having Jack close makes me feel better.