
"I'm sure you stay busy with all the school work and working at the diner. Not sure how you find time for anything." Marie let out a laugh.
I nodded in agreement, "I like to stay busy."
Jack Sr. pointed his fork in Jack's direction, "Jack got accepted into Paideia during his freshman year. Didn't want to go though."
I looked at Jack, but he wasn't looking at me. I forced a smile, "That's interesting."
"Yeah, crazy." Marie said and took a sip of her wine, "I think it definitely would've kept him out of trouble."
A muscle in Jack's jaw twitched and I placed a hand on his thigh, "Plenty of kids at Paideia get in trouble, trust me." I felt Jack's hand slide over mine, "A kid last year was caught with some sort of drug in his locker. He got expelled and failed the year."
Marie looked surprised, "I had no idea."
That's because I just made it up.
"It just wasn't for me." Jack finally spoke.
And that was the end of that conversation. They didn't speak about school anymore and no talk about Jack's current situation was brought up. We talked about books and the new movie his dad is working on. We stuck to the subject of entertainment throughout the rest of the meal.
Marie served dessert shortly after and we continued the light conversation. After dessert, I volunteered to help her clean up the mess. Jack went off with his dad somewhere but sent a worried look in my direction before he walked off.
"I'll wash, you dry." Marie plucked a dishrag from the drawer and handed it to me. I'm pretty sure the smile hasn't left her face since I got here.
And that made me even more nervous.
She washed the first dish and handed it to me to dry. She washed three dishes before she finally spoke, "So, Juliet." She handed me the dish. I already knew what was coming, "Do you care about my son?"
"Of course." I replied with no hesitation.
"How much?"
"A lot." I dried the next dish, "Why do ask?"
She turned the water off and turned to me and now my heart was in the pit of my stomach, "I would do anything for Jack, he's my son. I want nothing more than for him to be happy."
I had no idea where she was going with this, "I do too, Mrs. McKinnon."
"I know about you and Jack still being together."
I was waiting for her to attack me or even yell at me, but she didn't. She looked at me like she was studying me. Probably waiting for me to run. "I-I'm sorry-"
"Why are you sorry?" She turned the water back on and started back on the dishes, "Back when I met Jack's dad, I was in the same situation. Jack's dad was just like him. Always getting into trouble. I was the girl that would rather read a good book than go to a party. But one night, my best friend dragged me to one of those parties and that's where I met him." She smiled a little, "It was like a shock woke me up. We spent so much time together after that and we decided it would be a good idea to introduce him to my parents." Her smile fell into a slight frown, "They hated him, Juliet. They wouldn't let me see him after that so of course, I had to sneak out and see him. I couldn't just let him go." And she smiled again, "And now look at us. I still love him the way I did back in high school."