
"Lies."
Then I looked at him, "I don't want to talk about it, okay?"
"You can talk to me, Juliet." He said seriously. "I wouldn't tell anyone, you know that."
"I know." I said truthfully. "I just don't want to think about it, if that makes sense."
James nodded, "Makes perfect sense. But you've been thinking about it for the past twenty minutes."
"It's just..." I trailed to collect my thoughts, "I did something really stupid."
James's eyebrow perked, "Oh? You don't strike me as the type of person to do something 'stupid'." He put quotations around the word stupid. "What did you do that could've been so stupid?" He exaggerated.
I scooted closed to James on the couch and dropped my voice down to a low whisper. "You have to promise me. You can't tell anyone."
"This must be serious."
"Just promise." How old am I?
"I promise I won't say anything. Now, what is it? Did you kill someone?"
I rolled my eyes, "No, Idiot."
He made the gesture for me to continue.
"Jack kissed me—"
"I knew it!" He clapped his hands together, making me jump. "Sorry, but I do have a sister and I do know when she's lying." He pointed to my face. "Your face is as red as the other day."
"It only happened a few hours ago." I mumbled.
James's smile faded, "So, why exactly was it stupid? I'm confused."
I hesitated, "I kissed him back."
"Still confused."
I scooted back to my side of the couch and wrapped my arms around my legs. I buried my face between my knees and breathed, "I can't forget who he is and what he's done." I lifted my head to look at James.
His expression hasn't changed, "I'm not good at this stuff." He laughed a little. "But maybe you're too quick to judge because he's on house arrest—"
"For murder—"
"He's a suspect, there's a difference."
I scoffed, "You sound just like Lindy."
James smiled a little, "Then she's a good friend."
I thought I would feel better about telling someone, but it didn't help at all. If anything, I feel worse for walking out on him. I wanted to go to his house and apologize, but I wasn't going to.

When Meredith got home, James left. He didn't leave until he asked me if I was okay a million times. And I am okay; I just can't stop thinking about it. I can't stop thinking about how it made me feel and how I want to feel like that again. I need to push these feelings and thoughts back, but something won't let it. And it's myself.
I sat at my window, with the same book I've been trying to read for the past two weeks. Except this time, I can actually concentrate on it.  I guess talking to James did help in a way. I can't believe I even told James I kissed Jack. I don't want to tell Lindy, and I told James, who has only been in my life again for a few weeks. James did feel like a brother, in an odd way.