
Jack tilted his head, scanning my face, "Since the day you agreed to help me. And that day in the kitchen took every ounce of self-control I had. When you showed up the other night and woke me up because of a nightmare, I couldn't help it. I couldn't let you leave without..." He trailed off, his eyebrows narrowing in thought. "I know I shouldn't have—"
"But I'm glad you did." I smiled at him, hoping to ease his mind a little. Seconds later, I felt my smile falter,  "But I-I don't remember a nightmare."
"You don't?"
I shook my head, "I can guess what it was though."
"You don't have to worry about him, okay?"
"Yeah." I nodded, but I didn't feel Jack's words. I know it's not a lie, but how well does he really know Paxton? And how does he know that he won't be standing outside my window again? He knows where I work, there's no stopping him when he's there. "Walk me out?"
I stood from his lap and he grabbed my hand once he was standing next to me. Our fingers intertwined as we made our way outside. With the hour, I would be surprised anyone in our neighborhood would be up. He walked me to the white string between our houses and stopped. "I guess I'll see you Friday when I get home then?" It seemed more suitable then Tuesday or Thursday.
"I guess so."
I ducked under the line of string and backed towards my house, "Sleep well, Jack." I put on a small smile and turned around so I didn't bump into anything.
When I finally got into bed, I let everything rush against me. All the feelings I held in while I was with Jack and all the thoughts. I could still lose Jack. No matter what, I feel like I'll lose him. I'm trying not to get attached, but it's becoming hard because of all the time we spend together.
This new arrangement could go either way. I want it to work out.
It's hard to figure Jack out. He's good with his words. Maybe too good. He means everything he says. That I can figure out. I can tell by the way he looks at me and the way he's actually interested in actually getting to know me. He's asked questions everyone's afraid to.
He has secrets darker than I can imagine.
Lily has opened a new book of questions that I won't ask. I want to know, but Jack won't tell me anything. And going to Paxton is completely stupid and I can't believe I wouldn't even think about it. I would have to dig on my own, but I don't know where to start.
Or I should respect Jack's wishes and stay out of it.
I'll weigh my options accurately when my brain isn't completely scrambled.

The week was a snail. It was moving slowly. Everything was boring. James hasn't been around as much, and neither has Meredith. Lindy sees me maybe an hour before Dylan calls and wants her to come over or something. My grandparents are home sometimes, but it seems rare. My grandma has been volunteering more and my grandpa has never been much of a talker.
So I've been fending for myself.
I haven't seen Jack either.
Well, I've seen glances. Maybe a teasing look or a smile from his window. I've talked to him on the phone for a bit, but it wasn't the same. Hearing his voice was great, it just didn't compare.