
Anna
Anna opened her eyes as she yawned loud and sat up in her bed, rubbing her eyes to wake herself up.
It took her a moment to realise that today was her first day at Arendelle high school as her eyes widened with fear and excitement.
Anna jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom, staring at her tired reflection in the mirror.
Her hair was a mess of tangles and knots. She sighed as she grabbed a hairbrush and with determination tried her hardest to get her hair tangle free.
"Someone's awake." Rapunzel giggled slightly, leaning against the bathroom door.
Anna gave another loud sigh, attempting to be annoyed at her step sister, however failed as she giggled a little.
Three years ago, Anna used to live with her mum but after the death of her mother, Anna went through so much pain of sad emotions. She keeps deep in her mind the lasts words she said to her as she hugged her tight "See you in two weeks!" However her mother failed to return from her holiday.
After almost three years of different adoption parents, Anna now lives with her Dad and her older step sister, Rapunzel however to Anna her sister is more like her best friend.
"You have about ten minutes before we're both leaving for school." Rapunzel smiled before leaving her little sister alone so she could get dressed and organised.
Anna gasped as she decided her hair was decent enough as she tied it up into a slightly messy, but still stylish looking ponytail.
She hurried as she brushed her teeth, flossed then splashed cold water on her face to wake herself up more.
Anna ran back to her bedroom, opening her closet that contains loads of clothes with so many outfit possibilities.
She decided to go for a classy but smart outfit so she heaved out all her clothes and randomly organised on her bedroom floor.
Searching through the mess of clothes, Anna had pulled out a white vest top, a dark blue jacket, black knee length skirt and a pair of leggings and finally a pair of black converse shoes with white lasses.
She pulled off her nightgown and dressed into the outfit before running into the bathroom to look at her reflection.
She smiled and admired her classy but slightly more smart looking outfit and squealed with happiness before running to her bedroom and grabbing her galaxy print backpack, ignoring the mess of clothes on the floor as she ran down the stairs to her sister.
"Come on, come on, come on!" Anna said joyfully as she giggled.
"Wait, slow down or you'll miss breakfast. Dads made your favourite...Chocolate chip pancakes!" The older sister giggled.
"Chocolate!" Anna smiled as she smelled the scent.
The sisters giggled.
After breakfast and an impatient Anna repeating the words "come on!" to her sister, Rapunzel found herself driving Anna to school.---------------------------------------------Please vote and comment what you think about this first short chapter! Chapter 2 is coming soon - icemagix❄️