
"Jack!" I gasped, "If you don't stop I'm going to kick your sorry ass!" I tried speaking through a fit of giggles, but it was damn near impossible.
Jack's fingers dug further into my sides as I squirmed under him. Laughter erupted from deep in his chest. I couldn't tell if he was laughing with me or at me. Probably at me because he wouldn't stop. This all started when I told him that he couldn't make me laugh. Well, he couldn't make me laugh verbally with his cheap jokes and resorted to tickling, which was cheating.
Jack clearly wasn't one for rules.
His tickling subsided and there was a dull ache on my sides. Before he could move, I wrapped my legs around him and locked my ankles against his lower back. I snaked my arms around his neck and drew him in closer. He rested his weight on his hands on each side of my head on the floor. "Your face is so red." He pointed out.
"I can slap you and make yours equally red." I grinned as I slid one of my hands from his neck.
Jack caught my wrist before I could do anything, "Someone likes to play dirty."
I freed my hand from his and pressed both against his chest, "You know it." I unlocked my legs and pushed up on his chest until he was lying next to me. I swung my leg over his hip to straddle and pin him down. I guess it was dumb because he could easily just flip me back over.
A grin slid on Jack's lips as he folded his hands behind his head. "Is this supposed to be your punishment for me?"
I leaned in closer until my chest was pressed against his, "No. Keeping your hands to yourself is your punishment."
"Oh?" He leaned his head to the side, "And how is that a punishment exactly? I like a girl in control." He smirked.
"If there's something I know about you more than anything, it's that you like to be in control. You may like it when a girl's in control, but for how long?" I hover my face over his neck, letting my lips brush over his skin. "How do you feel about teasing, Jack?"
He moaned in response, "I don't think I'll like your no touching policy."
I smiled and moved to hover my lips over his, "Yeah?" I kissed his bottom lip, his chin, and started down his throat. "What about if I kissed you here?" I tilted his chin up to get the access to his neck that I needed. I kissed the spot below his jaw and he swallowed hard.
"Juliet." He whispered my name.
I smiled to myself and hovered my face over his again, "What? Feeling a little helpless?"
"I'm trying to obey." He smirked through his struggle.
I placed my mouth on his and he complied to my touch. I kissed him softly, paying special attention to the softness of his lips. I pulled away all too quickly and he let out a whimper. I kissed his cheek, but he wasn't appreciating the teasing still. I pulled back until I was sitting up again
I looked down at Jack and he still had his hands folded behind his head. I pointed to his cheeks, "Look, now your face is redder than mine."
I stood up off of him and looked down at him, "You're really proud of yourself, aren't you?"
"Kind of." I grinned and folded my arms over my chest.