
I slumped in relief, "I think it's time to get a new email address and get rid of the one you've had for what? Twenty years?"
She laughed, "You're right about that one."
"So," I sighed, "What did he say?"
"It was a pretty long email. He started with the night he left you in our care and didn't come back." She smiled sadly, "He said he left to better himself. To be someone you could be proud of. He talked about the night he saw you for the first time in fourteen years. He apologized a million times in the email. He mentioned he would like to see you before he leaves."
"Leaves?"
"Back to California where he lives. He helps run some giant video game company. It does seem he has changed."
I swallowed back the tears, "Why'd it take him so long, Grandma? He left me because he didn't want me. He was all I had and he left me." I whimpered.
She caressed my cheeks in her hands and smiled at me, "But look where you are now, my love. You're perfect in every way that counts. If you don't want to talk to him, you don't have to. This is your decision and you're the only one that can make it. I won't tell you not to and I won't tell you to. Whatever choice you make, Honey, me and your grandpa will back up one hundred percent."
I nodded as tears stung my eyes. She dropped her hands and wrapped me in a hug that I desperately needed. "Thank you, Grandma."
"You know I love you more than anything."
"You too."
I cried a bit, but wiped my tears clean when she pulled away. She handed me the plate of cookies and a grin slid on my face, "You always know how to make me feel better." I grabbed a cookie from the plate and took a bite. She blew me a kiss and I walked out of the kitchen with the cookies in hand.
I really needed to talk to my grandma about Jack. But I think I should wait for this thing with my dad to blow over. I was itching with curiosity after what she told me about that email. He lives in California, on the opposite side of me. I guess he couldn't get far enough.
My thoughts were on a loop, but I canceled them out when I stopped in front of James's door. I knocked on the door while balancing the plate in one hand. He opened the door, his eyebrows perking in surprise, "What's up?"
"Nothing." I walked past him and into the room, "Thought we could watch something before I go to work." I waved the cookies in front of him, "I have plenty."
He smiled and closed the door.
I took a seat at the edge of the bed and James sat next to me. I offered him a cookie and he greatly accepted. "Everything with your grandma okay?"
"Yeah, yeah. Just stuff about...you know who."
"Voldemort."
I snorted, "Exactly."

The end of my shift was beckoning. Madison went home already and left me to lock up the diner. I cleaned up some of the tables and clocked out. I think it's been a slow day all together, and now I get to go home and fall asleep to the sound of Jack reading to me.