
“Someone has to drive me home.” She wiggled her eyebrows.
We pulled up to my school, Paideia Private School. I got out of the car and Lindy called my name before I could even reach the sidewalk. I leaned over her opened window. “Also, Michael will be picking you up.” She grinned.
Great. “Can’t wait.”
Michael was standing next to his car when I walked out of school at the end of the day. If Lindy didn’t convince me to go to his party, he sure wouldn’t have a problem with it. He was tall, fit, and had the smile to make you melt. His golden brown hair made the green in his eyes pop out. I could definitely stare into them all day. “Hey.” He smiled, standing up straight to meet me.
“What’s up?” I asked. “It’s kinda rare you pick me up.”
“Lindy talk to you?”
I nodded, hoping the blush on my cheeks wasn’t noticeable. “Uh, yeah. I’ll be there tomorrow night.”
I could see his smile from the corner of my eye. “Great. And that invitation is for you only.”
I looked at him, clearly confused for a moment. And then I finally caught on that he doesn’t want me to bring another guy.
Or at least I think that’s what it was.
“Ready to go?” He asked and walked to the passenger side of his bright red Camaro. Pretty sure that was his 16th birthday present. I wouldn’t complain.
“Please.”
He laughed and opened the door for me. Very gentlemen like. No need to freak out. It was convenient because Michael only lived two streets over.
The drive was quiet and short. He would occasionally ask about how my school was and if I was learning anything that I wouldn’t learn in public school. When we pulled into my driveway, we got out of the car at the same time. Michael leaned against the hood of his precious car and I stood a couple of feet in front of him. “I’ll definitely be seeing you tomorrow night, right?”
I was about to answer when the sound of a basketball hitting pavement brought me away. I looked at the McKinnon house and Jack was outside playing basketball by himself. Sweat clung to his chiseled chest, making his tanned skin glisten in the sun.
“Who plays basketball in jeans?” Michael snorted.
You do if you have an ankle bracelet that alerts the whole neighborhood that you’re on house arrest.
I just shrugged and looked away. “See you tomorrow night.”
Michael got back into his car, sending me a wave from his window. I waited for Michael to be clear from my view before I started back to my house. Jack had stopped playing long enough to give me a look that I caught before disappearing behind the hedge. I let go of my still composure and breathed.
After dinner, my grandparents were already in bed. I trudged up the stairs after cleaning up the remnants of dinner for my grandma. She volunteers during the week at the hospital ever since she retired from actually working there. She stays on her feet, so I know it could be exhausting. As for my grandpa, he does what he can to stay busy. He likes to build things occasionally, or work on houses with his buddies.