
"Butterfly,
I'm not really good with words. There are things that can't be written out, rather spoken. But I know you don't want to see me, so this will have to do. And I don't blame you for not wanting to see me. I wouldn't want to see me either. What I did to you is horrible and I would do anything to take it back.
There's no excuse for what I did. I was a selfish person. So unbelievably selfish, Juliet. When your mom died, that was it for me. I couldn't be happy and you didn't deserve that. You deserved to be treated like you're the only person in the world and then some. I should've been there to spoil you. To buy you anything you asked for because you were my little butterfly.
I wouldn't be surprised if you ripped this letter up before you could read it. But I need you to know that I still love you. I never stopped loving you. You are my flesh and blood and I would do anything for you. I would pull down the stars for you if I could.
Everything I've done in the past fourteen years has been for you. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be who I am today. You were the motivation I needed, Juliet. And you're still my motivation. I will work as hard as I have to, to make it up to you. I want to be someone you can be proud of. And hopefully, one day I will be.
I'll be staying at the Hilton until the end of the month if you decide you want to talk about anything. I'm sure you want to know about your mom and I would be happy to answer any questions."

He didn't sign the letter. He didn't have to, I guess.
Hot tears welled up in my eyes and spilled over. I choked on a sob as folded the letter back up and stuffed it back in the envelope. I swiped at my eyes, but the tears wouldn't stop.
I stood up, my chest tightening with anxiety.
Maybe my dad did love me, and maybe everything he did was for me. But it wasn't hard to make a phone call to explain. He knew where I lived and never visited me. He never cared enough to. Until now.
Now I wanted to see him before he left. I wanted to talk to him about Mom and hear what she was like through his eyes. He loved her just as much as he said he loved me. And that I believe.
I wasn't ready to forgive him. Not yet. I don't think I'll ever to be able to forgive him after abandoning me. This is my choice to make and I hope I'll be making the right one.
My phone started ringing, making me jump. I wiped my eyes and picked my phone off my bed. Jack's name flashed across my screen and I answered it quickly, "Hey." I said smoothly, trying to keep my voice calm.
"What's wrong?"
"Nothing."
"Juliet."
I choked on another sob, but I didn't want Jack to know I had been crying. I haven't told him about the letter yet. "Juliet," He said again, "Come outside."
I hung up the phone and didn't bother putting shoes on. I tried composing myself as I walked down the stairs, but if anything, the more I thought about it, the more I wanted to cry. The sobs were building up in my throat. I swallowed them and stepped outside.
As I rounded the corner of my house, Jack was already standing behind the white line. I didn't think and just ran to him. I don't know if it was sympathetic look on his face, or just seeing him.