
"Will? Will who?"
I put my cup down and looked at her with watery eyes, "Grandma."
And her eyes widened, "Are you serious? Your dad?"
I nodded again because I was afraid I would start crying again.
She leaned towards me and wrapped her arms around me quickly, "I'm so sorry, Honey. I can't imagine..." She trailed off.
I wrapped an arm around her in return and used my free hand to swipe away any stray tears. She pulled away from me, but not completely back in her chair, "Tell me about it?"
I hesitated, not sure where to start. So I started from the beginning. I told her about the car that showed up and the letter I received when I arrived. I told her everything about that night, excluding Jack of course. But I told her everything. I almost thought she was going to cry, but she hugged me again instead. She continued to apologize for something that wasn't her fault, "You're the one that's been there, Grandma. You have nothing to be sorry for." My voice started shaking as I squeezed her.
The last thing I wanted was for my grandma to blame herself. None of this is her fault; I don't know why she would even think like that. Her and my grandpa both were the only people I had when he left. He's the one that needs to do the apologizing.
And I feel selfish for not giving him a chance. But he doesn't even deserve it.
Neither my Grandma nor Grandpa brought it up again. My grandpa sent a sad smile from across the table. He never liked my dad. When my mom met my dad in high school, he never wanted them to be together. When they ran off and eloped after they graduated, he couldn't do anything about it.
He still didn't approve, but he lived with it.
And when my dad gave me up, it was the last strike for my Grandpa. He didn't say I told you so. He hated that he was right about him because he didn't want to be. I've heard him talk about him before and it was never good things. He stopped when he realized I knew what he was saying.
My grandparents got up and went outside to work in the garden. James handed Meredith his keys after she gave me an awkward hug while she stood and I sat. And that left James and I together. We didn't get a chance to talk last night because I was with Jack. And James was there for the worst of it.
I felt his hand on my wrist and I turned towards him, "You're okay?"
"For now, I think."
He moved his hand to my back and started rubbing soothing circles over my exposed skin, "Don't think about him. You're better off."
I smiled the best I could and leaned my head against his shoulder, "Thank you."

Days have gone by and Jack hasn't talked to me and I haven't talked to him. He hasn't attempted to call and I haven't either. He keeps his curtains closed now so I haven't seen him either. I guess he did what his mom told him and stayed away from me. It wasn't easy to sit around and not text or call him.
I just got home from work after working a late shift on this Thursday night. I was exhausted. I haven't been sleeping again. This time is worse than before. The combination of my dad and Jack's rejection isn't helping my situation. My dad hasn't contacted me again and I was happy about that. But I wasn't happy about Jack not reaching out to me.