
Jack's house was the only thing on my mind now.
I reached his porch and found the hidden key. I unlocked the door and walked inside. I closed it behind me and locked it back. It was quiet and I haven't heard from him all day. It wasn't odd that I haven't though.
I walked up the familiar steps and down the hallway until I reached his room. I pushed his door open and it finally felt like I could breathe. He lay across his bed on his stomach, a book between his hands. He glanced at me and back to his book, "You left me this morning."
I smiled and walked to the side of his bed where his legs were. I climbed on top of him, resting my chest against his back, "I didn't want to wake you." I folded my arms against the back of his shoulders and rested my chin on my hands.
Jack flipped a page in his book like this was completely normal.
I freed one of my hands and reached over his shoulder to grab the book and throw it across the room. I tucked my face against his neck, "Is someone mad at me?" I teased.
"Why? Do you want to make it up to me?"
"Not really."
I rolled off of his back, but before I could sit up, he attacked me against the bed. He clasped my hands in each of his and raised my hands above my head, "I can still take you. Doesn't matter how much I like you."
I found myself giggling, "I wouldn't put up much of a fight."
"That takes the fun out it." His lips curled into a grin.
"Lindy always did call me a fun sucker."
"She does have a point."
I scoffed, "You're lucky I can't slap you."
Jack leaned in closer, only an inch from my lips, "That's the teasing thing I was telling you about."
"Oh, that makes it better."
He kissed me quick and pulled away. He let go of my hands and sat down next to me. I didn't make any move to mock his actions. I just turned my head a little to face him, "Should we do some last minute studying?"
Jack cocked an eyebrow, "And there's that fun sucking thing Lindy was talking about."
"Ha!" I sat up and folded my legs under myself, "I was just kidding anyway. I didn't come here to work. I'll have enough of that in a few weeks."
Jack's smile returned, "I would have kicked you out if you were serious."
"You were just reading."
He shrugged his shoulders, "Fun reading."
And there's a huge difference.
I got up from Jack's bed and walked up to his bookshelf. I ran my fingers over the spines that have been worn out by reading over and over again. He had more books than I did, that's for sure. But I liked that about him. "What do you want to do after you finish school?" I  looked at him to gage his reaction.