
I pressed the doorbell and heard it echo through the house. I took a step back, waiting. When a few minutes passed, I knocked on the door. "I'm coming!" Jack's annoyed voice carried through. He swung the door open and you could say he was disappointed. "You again. What a surprise."
I ignored him and held the plate out to him. "This is a thank you for helping me last night."
He timidly took the plate from my hands. "I'll help you more often if it means I get breakfast." He smirked now.
"I don't plan on needing your help anytime soon."
"My help is limited anyway." He pointed to his ankle. "I think you owe me more than breakfast."
I raised a brow and crossed my arms across my chest. "Excuse me?"
He choked on a laugh. "Dirty mind. I like it."
"You're gross."
"I'm a lot of things."
I rolled my eyes, my annoyance level already reaching its peak. "What do you want?"
He disappeared in the house for a minute and came back empty handed. "For starters, I suck at Chemistry and French." He just gets straight to the point. "And I remember you take both, right? And I'm sure you're top of your class. Shocker there." He said sarcastically.
"Is this your way of getting me to help you? Because it's not working."
"Anyway," He interrupted. "I'm way behind and I don't want to spend my whole summer doing the work. Maybe you can come over maybe twice a week and help." He didn't ask, he stated. Like he's just going to assume I'm going to drop everything to help him.
The thought of Jack asking for my help was astounding on its own. "You want my help?"
"I have to take the exams at the end of the summer so I can start my senior year." Saying he'll make it that far.
I eyed him for a moment, trying to figure out if he's being serious. "I'll think about it."
He took a step out of the house and a rush of nervousness enveloped me. "I'm sure there's a way I can persuade you." His perfect smile reached his ears.
I let out a loud laugh, but quickly covered my mouth. "Does that actually work?"
"You tell me." His smile never left his face.
And I had to laugh again. "We'll talk."
His smile slowly turned into a frown. "Is there a reason why you can't just give me an answer now?" He took a step closer and I took a step back.
I clasped my hands behind my back to maintain their shaking. "I have to talk to my grandparents." They'll never let me do it. Not even in another life.
And that's that I'm counting on.
Jack smiled again, taking a few steps forward. I glanced at his monitor but the bright light was still green and there was no annoying beeping. "Fine. Talk to you tomorrow."
Wow. Giving me a lot of time. "Okay. Bye."
I turned on my heels and went straight back to my house without a glance over my shoulder.
----------------------------------
So here's chapter 2, I hope you guys like it! :) It'll get interesting soon, I promise. And I'm trying to not make it similar to my other books, but you may see something similar between Willow and Juliet. But the story is different at least lol