
It's okay. It's going to be okay." He soothed. Just hearing his voice was making me feel better. But the gnawing feeling of my dad's words still ate away at me like he's still talking to me. "You don't need him. You're perfectly fine without him."
I moved my face away from his chest and looked up at him. He brushed his thumbs over my cheeks in many swift motions to wipe away my tears, "What gave him the right to even ask me though? I just...It's too much to ask." I was finally able to take a deep breath.
I lowered my forehead against Jack's chest and took in another deep breath and exhaled slowly. We stayed like that for a few moments. I wasn't ready to move. I was ready to bury my head in the sand and call it a year.
Jack's phone brought us apart. Jack untangled himself from me and went to retrieve his phone from his bedside table. "It's my lawyer." He mumbled and answered it quickly. "Yeah I'm home...well you can tell them...no I'm not that stupid...okay, well, I'll see you Monday, goodnight." And he hung up.
"Are you in trouble?"
"I don't think it's possible for me to get into anymore trouble."
Eh, I think it's still possible for him to get into more trouble.
"Can I stay with you tonight?"
He smiled, "Of course."
I made it to the other side of Jack's bed and climbed under the blankets. Jack started walking to the couch and I stopped him, "There's plenty of room. It is your bed."
"I didn't think you'd—"
"I need you to sleep on the other side."
Jack waited. Maybe waiting for me to change my mind, I don't know. But I wasn't going to. He obliged and walked to the opposite side of the bed. He pulled his shirt over his head, turned out his bathroom light, and climbed in beside me. I turned on my side to face him and he did the same.
He wrapped an arm around my waist and pulled me close until I was pressed against him. I placed my hands on the sides of his neck, my eyes still adjusting to the dark so I could see the shadow of his lips.
"Are you going to be okay?" He asked.
"I think I will be."
His breath hit my lips when he spoke again, "And I'll be here."
"Thank you." I tucked my head under his chin and let out a long breath, "And what you did tonight...it was really stupid."
His neck vibrated with light laughter, "Just write a list."
"I won't be alive that long."
Jack laughed again and tightened his arms around me, "I made it back over the line in time. My lawyer was contacted and I have to meet with him and my officers on Monday. My parent's won't like it, but they don't like anything I do." I know he was joking, but part of me knew he was serious. "I'll be fine, so don't worry about me. Me being in trouble is absolutely nothing new."
That's about the truth. But this time is a little different. "You must have a good lawyer." Or parent's with a lot of money.
"Or I'm actually that charming."
I lifted my head and looked at him the best I could through the darkness, "There are people that are actually immune to that charm."
He moved a hand to my cheek, caressing lightly while his thumb stroked my cheek, "You weren't."