
He eyed me for a moment, "It's because we kissed, isn't it?"
"You kissed me." I snapped.
Jack took another step closer, a grin surfacing on his lips, "It takes two, Baby."
I narrowed my eyes and crossed my arms against my chest so he couldn't move in further.
"You were a part of that kiss just as much as I was."
"You said you wanted to talk about Paxton." I swallowed.
Jack didn't take another step forward, but the grin was still playing on his lips. Jack smiled wider and I knew he caught me staring at his lips, "You want to do it again, don't you?"
I scoffed, "Don't flatter yourself. It wasn't that great." Wow, Juliet. Let's lie some more. I'm already buried deep in them.
"Okay, well, since it wasn't that great, then I don't see the problem with you still helping me..."
I felt something I didn't want to. "I just don't want to be anywhere where Paxton could possibly show up. It has nothing to do with kissing you." That was only half the truth. It was both Paxton and the probability that I'll kiss Jack again.
"Fine." Jack's smile faded and he took several steps back. "I'll fend for myself. But thanks for the help that you've already given me." Even though it felt like a guilt trip, I knew it wasn't.
I did something stupid. I stepped towards him, putting a hand on his arm. "I'm still your friend, Jack." My heart swelled in my chest, "I don't want you to think you don't have anyone. I'm still here."
Jack's face hardened and he stepped away from me, "I don't want your pity." He nearly spat. "I don't want you to be friends with me because you feel sorry for me." He laughed, but there was nothing humorous about it.
I didn't want Jack to know that his words affected me as much as they did. I didn't cry like I wanted to. I stood up straighter and pressed my lips together for a moment. "I want to be your friend because I like you." I said. "And I don't want you to feel like you can't talk to anyone when I'm here."
He didn't say anything.
"Don't push me away too." I said softly.
Jack stood up straighter, "Then why are you pushing me away now?"
"I'm not." I said defensively. "That's the total opposite of what I've been doing, Jack. I've told you something I've never told anyone."
Jack look surprised, "About your parents?" He spoke slowly. "Why haven't you told anyone?"
I shrugged my shoulders, "You're the only person that's ever asked."
"Really?"
I nodded, "Lindy doesn't ask because I think she's afraid to and I can't talk to my grandparents about them. My grandma still cries over her daughter." I smiled sadly, "So don't you dare say I've been pushing you away."
"I'm an idiot, I'm sorry." He smiled a little, "We're definitely going to have to work on this friends thing."
"Friends." I repeated and smiled slowly, "Shouldn't be a problem."