
I closed the curtains before making an ass out of myself.
My closet was bland. It was two hours until the party and I couldn’t decide what to wear. There was a tight fitting leather jacket that Lindy had left here a couple of weeks ago, so I pulled that off of the hanger. The next two things were a black tank top and a black pair of skinny jeans.
I got dressed in my attire and slipped on a pair of black flats. I’m walking to the party and I’m not about the cause myself any pain before I even get there. Lindy should be meeting me there because I have to take her home.
I just kept the makeup simple as ever. My usual waves fell straight against my shoulders. My phone buzzed in my pocket and I quickly answered it. “Where are you?” Lindy yelled, the music loud in the background.
“I’m leaving now. I’ll see you in a few.”
She mumbled something before she hung up but I couldn’t understand her. Sounded like she was already halfway drunk. Fun times.
The night held a small summer breeze that crept along the back of my neck. The sound of my foot steps against the pavement was the only thing echoing through the small suburb neighborhood. I made it to Michael’s street and you couldn’t miss where the party’s at. People stood on the lawn, people went inside, and some came out. One guy was puking in the bushes while another thought it was his personal bathroom.
The stench in the house made me wrinkle my nose immediately. Cheap perfume and Pabst Blue Ribbon hung thick in the air. I pushed through the crowd in front of the door, already scanning the crowd for Lindy. As I was walking passed the kitchen, several guys around the keg erupted with loud howls that made me jump out of my skin.
When my heart started beating properly, I walked into the living room. The music was much louder and I couldn’t even understand what the person was singing. I spotted Lindy in the middle of the crowd, a drink already in her hand. Well, only god knows what number that was.
She spotted me and nearly jumped me. She’s a happy drunk. “Michael has been asking for you.” She slurred.
Yep, already drunk. Nice.
“Where is he?”
She hung around my shoulders and tipped her drink to her lips. “He was in the kitchen…I think.”
Should’ve known.
I left Lindy dancing with the guy she was dancing with previously. I stepped into the kitchen and just like she said, Michael was standing next to the keg. He was surrounded by his team mates while they all raced to down the liquids in their cups.
Michael was the third to slam his cup down on the ground. Animals.
Michael’s face lit up when he saw me and he enveloped me in a tight hug I wasn’t expecting. “I’ve been waiting foreeeever.” He slurred and wrapped an arm around my shoulders.
I placed a hand on his chest, hoping it’ll keep him up right and not face down on the hard kitchen floor. “Do you want to dance?” I asked.