
"It's happy crying."
"Do I get to happy cry, too?" I joked.
"You can do whatever you want now...with boundaries, of course."
I laughed again and switched our positions. I brought my lips to hers and slowly lowered her towards the bed. I hovered over her, supporting my weight on both of my hands, "I saved myself."
She hooked a leg around my hip and drew me in closer, "You did."
"I couldn't have done it without you or my parents." I dropped my voice down to a whisper, "I owe you so much for everything you've done for me."
She lifted a hand to my face, tracing my jaw with her finger, "Well you did let me spend the night when I was locked out. I think we're pretty even." The corner of her mouth perked into a small crooked smirk, but it slowly faded, "I'd do it again." She wrapped a hand around the back of my neck, "I'd do anything for you, Jack."
"Sure about that?"
"More than anything."
We became a mess of tangled limbs and clothes in an attempt to get closer. Everything felt like it was on fire. Being close to Juliet makes everything feel like that and it's not a bad thing. I love the feeling. I love the feeling of her soft skin and her soft lips. The dip of her waist and the arch in her back.
Neither one of us is perfect, but that's what makes us perfect together.
I didn't remember falling asleep until someone was knocking on Juliet's door. I opened my eyes and heard Juliet groan next to me. "Who is it?" She called out.
"Uh, James? The only person staying here?"
Juliet shot up and gathered the sheet against her body, "Shit." She hissed quietly and started searching for her clothes. I jumped out of bed and got dressed as quickly as I could without it looking suspicious. The door being locked is suspicious enough. "Hold on!" She slipped her shorts on as I finished getting dressed.
I walked to her bathroom and ruffled my fingers through my hair and Juliet went in after me. She put her hair into a ponytail and went to the door. She opened it and James lifted himself off the wall across the hall, "Oh, didn't know you were here." James forced a smile when he looked over Juliet's shoulder.
"We were watching a movie and fell asleep." Juliet cleared.
James tilted his head, scanning Juliet, "Is that what they're calling it these days?"
"Uh, I gotta go." I piped and looked down at Juliet, "I'll call you tomorrow." I pecked her lips and walked between them. That was a bunch of awkward that I wasn't prepared for. But at least it was James and not her grandparents.
I walked back to my house with a smile on my face. I actually felt like smiling. Everything was going my way. Not in a selfish way, but I needed something to happen so I didn't just give up completely. And everything that's happened today is definitely telling me not to give up.
I wouldn't dream of it now.
As I made it up the sidewalk to my house, someone was leaning against the wall beside the door. I stopped and the guy stood up straighter. "I was wondering when you'd finally make it home."
I know that voice.
He came closer until he was standing under the porch light.