
But it was hard to ignore the spot where my cheek burned. James said he didn't feel anything like that towards me. Well, he said he wasn't going to screw up our friendship and he knows Jack and I are together. He wouldn't—
It was a kiss on the cheek, Juliet, shut up.
I mentally smacked myself and finished eating. I have a bad habit of over analyzing everything if you can't tell.
I cleaned up my dishes and went back upstairs to call Jack. I think hearing his voice before I leave will help calm my beating heart. I grabbed my phone, scrolling through my contacts until I found Jack's name. If he was asleep, he's going to kick my ass if I wake him up.
Oh well.
"Hey." There was no hint of sleep in his tone.
"Hopefully I didn't wake you." I said anyway.
He laughed lightly, "No, I was about to call you."
"Any reason?" I sat down at the foot of my bed.
"Just to check on you. Make sure you're okay before you leave."
"I think I'm okay as I'll be right now. But thank you for checking up on me." I smiled even though he couldn't see it, "When do your parents get home from their trip?"
"They'll be back tomorrow night or early Sunday morning. I mentioned to my mom when I talked to her earlier about your grandma's request. She said she would be ecstatic to keep an eye on you for a week." Jack snorted, "Honestly, she was way too happy about it. Not sure if that's normal."
"How am I supposed to sneak and see you now?"
"Easy. I'll let you know when they go to bed, just like how it is now."
He did have a point. "Good. And I'm coming over later tonight when I get home from going with Meredith."
"Twice in one day? I do feel special."
"You should." I laughed, "I'll see you soon."
We exchanged byes and hung up. I walked downstairs, grabbed my grandma's keys and left the house to go see my dad.
——————————————————-
I wanted to do something light and fluffy because the next chapter will be emotionally heavy. Or at least I think it is.
Comment and let me know what you think and thank you guys so much for all the votes! :)

