
"What are you talking about? Protect me from what?"
"Getting hurt."
I snorted, "Why would I get hurt, Mom?"
She pulled her hand away and shrugged her shoulders, "Juliet...she's different than any of the girls you've brought home."
And now I was uncomfortable. The girls I brought home weren't even supposed to meet my parents. It was all an accident. And I hate that I lead those girls on. And I ended anything I had with them because the feelings weren't mutual. "I didn't bring her home."
I guess she forgot about Madison.
"I'm kind of surprised it never happened sooner."
"Why? This is exactly how you would've reacted." I leaned over the table towards her and dropped my voice to a whisper, "What would you do if I told you I loved her?"
Her eyes widened and I almost thought she was about to jump at me from the other side of the table, "How long has this been going on?"
"Beginning of summer."
"How did this even happen?"
"I didn't mean to."
Her expression softened just a little, "I don't want what happened to Madison to happen again."
Maybe she did remember. When I broke up with Madison, I told my mom that she broke up with me. I only did that so she didn't ask a lot of questions. Things between Madison and I were...normal. I don't know if I ever loved her. I thought I did, but the way I feel about Juliet is so different. It's nothing like how I felt with Madison.
I really shouldn't even compare.
"That won't happen."
"And how do you know that, Jack?" She fumed, "With everything going on right now, I will not stand by and watch you get hurt again."
I thought this would be about hurting Juliet. And I couldn't do that in a million years. But my mom does actually care if a girl hurts me and that made me less angry about the situation, "I'm sorry." I muttered, "But I want to be so unbelievably selfish when it comes to Juliet. I know I'm already selfish as it is. It's just different with her...I can't explain it."
"You're so different." She said in a low voice, "What happens when school starts again? What happens when you graduate? What if we can't get you out of this? We're trying so hard, but there's always that lingering what if."
She had a point, but I was going to get out of this, "I want to feel as much as possible. I want to have that love I hear about all the time. I want to have a normal life. Being with Juliet is the closest I've ever felt to being normal." I paused, "With what's going on right now, the normalcy is the only thing keeping me sane. Say what you want, but I'm not giving her up."
She opened her mouth to speak, but snapped it shut.
I stood up from the table and walked upstairs.
I sat down on the edge of my bed and put my face in my hands.
Did I just tell my mom I love Juliet? I never admitted that to myself, and I blurt it to my mom like it's nothing. But of course it's something. It's something I have thought about, but never actually admitted it.