
I sucked in a ragged breath and clutched at my neck. He grabbed a fist full of my hair, lifted my head off the ground, and slammed my head down into the pavement. Everything was slowly coated in a blanket of darkness.
When I opened my eyes, I was staring down at the ground. I was kneeled in a puddle with my elbows on the ground. Juliet was calling my name, that's all I could hear and the sound of my heart beating rapidly through my ears.
I slowly moved and fell back on my butt.
Juliet stood in front of me, but she wasn't talking anymore.
I just remembered everything. All the gory details of that night came rushing in like a bad dream. It was Jeremy. I didn't do it. Jeremy shot that guy. I tried to help him, that's why I had blood all over my hands. And Jeremy is the reason why my fingerprints were all over the gun he used.
He's the reason for my memory loss also.
And Paxton let me believe all of this. None of this was my fault and Paxton said nothing to me. He was going to let me go to prison for the rest of my life. And now everything is clear. Karma was about to bite both Paxton and Jeremy right in the ass and I couldn't wait.
Juliet sat down in front of me and I lifted my head to meet her gaze, "What happened?" She asked softly.
I swallowed hard and stood up quickly, "Let's go back to your house."
Juliet stood back up and I grabbed her hand, "You scared me."
"I'm sorry." I looked around and started walking back to her car, "Let's just get back to your house so I can explain."
She didn't ask questions and nodded her head.
We walked quickly back to the diner, making it there in half the time it took us to get where we were. She got back into the drivers side and I slid into the passenger side. The diner was closed now, so having her car here probably looked a little suspicious.
She drove carefully, but she was tense. I should've just told her.
Juliet parked the car and I was out before she could even turn it off. James was still gone, that was a plus.
She trailed behind me as we ran up to her house. She unlocked the door and let us inside. I started up the stairs and she followed. "When is James going to be back?" I asked as we stepped into her room.
She shrugged her shoulders, "I don't know. Sometimes he doesn't come home until late morning." She dropped down at the foot of her bed, "Do you want to tell me what happened back there?"
"I remember everything."
She shot up, "All of it?"
"That's what everything means."
She dropped her voice down, "Was it you?"
"It...it wasn't me." Admitting that out loud and actually believing it felt unreal. I never thought I could actually get out of this and now I know I will. I have to. "It was Lily's brother."
"This is so amazing." She breathed a walked closer to me, "I'm just...I don't even know what to say I'm so happy. I'll just end up blabbering and not making any sense like I usually do-"
"You're doing that now." I laughed, "I think this is the first time I've ever seen you speechless before. Except when I kiss you, of course." I teased.