
"Thank you." I scanned him once again, "And you look amazing as well."
He held out his arm for me to take.
We walked down the stairs and outside where a black car was waiting for us. "It just got here a few minutes ago."
Odd.
The driver got out of the car to open the door for us. I slid in first and James slid in beside me. The door closed and I let go of the breath I was holding. James found my hand, giving it a gentle squeeze. "I'm prepared to kick ass if I have to." James whispered in my ear. He was closer than I expected.
I squeezed his hand in return.
The car ride there was too long. My heart was beating hard against my chest the closer we got. I didn't know what would be waiting for me there. If it was Paxton or someone completely different. The only person I can think of is Paxton.
The driver pulled to a stop behind more cars. I looked out the window, seeing the hotel. I've seen this hotel many times. I've never been inside of it. I don't think I could even afford an hour in this place.
The hotel was lit up in bright white lights that almost hurt to look at. It's beautiful, in a blinding way.
When it was our turn to get out, my door opened and a guy offered me his hand. I hesitated, but took his hand and got out of the car. James was next to me in a second, taking my hand again. "It's okay." He said, giving me a reassuring smile.
I nodded, masking my nervousness with a smile.
We walked up the red-carpeted steps up to the winding doors.
All I feel now is nothing. I feel numb.
Before I could go through the door, I felt someone grasp my arm. The culprit was one of the door guys. And older man with white hair. "Are you Juliet Sanders?"
James held my hand tighter.
"Y-yes. Why?"
He pulled a small envelope from the pocket of his jacket and handed it to me. "Have a swell night."
I pushed a fake smile in his direction and nodded once.
James and I made it into the lobby of the hotel before I could open the letter. I pulled it from its protective confines and unfolded it. "Glad you could make it, Juliet. The moment you arrive, please meet me in the penthouse suit.
See you soon, Juliet."
I folded it back up and stuck it back in the envelope and looked up at James. "He wants me to meet him in the penthouse suit."
James's eyes narrowed, "Seriously? This dude really got creepy."
"I don't think this is a good idea anymore."
James took a step toward me and placed his hands on my shoulders, "I'll be there with you if you want to go up there."
"You'll go in with me?"
"Only if you want me to."