
"It's nothing and you did nothing wrong."
I raised an eyebrow, "I can't tell."
She walked up to me, stood up on her toes, and kissed me quick, "You did nothing, I promise."
Before she could leave again, I hooked my fingers through her belt loops and pulled her against me, "Then you wouldn't mind staying for a couple of hours."
She hummed against my lips, "Depends. What did you have in mind?"
"What I have in mind involves no talking."
"Clothing?"
"Optional."
Our lips met again and I backed her towards the bed, "It seems we can never make it out of your bed." She laughed and collapsed.
"It's the only spot we have to ourselves." I dropped down beside her and propped myself up on my elbow to face her.
She reached up and lightly brushed her fingers over my cheek, "Very true." She brought my lips back down to hers and kissed me softly. When she pulled away, she continued tracing her finger over my cheek and across my jaw. She watched her finger move swiftly over the angle of my face.
"What are you doing?" I smiled, but was on the verge of laughing.
She met my gaze and smiled at me, "Your skin is soft."
Now I laughed and snatched her hand before she could move again, "You're such a dork." I pressed my lips against the inside of her wrist and slowly trailed kisses down her arm. I felt her shudder under my touch. I moved quickly to her neck and tended to the spot that I know makes her weak.
I maneuvered my body over hers and rested my weight on my hands beside her. I connected our lips again without any hesitation. I rolled my body against hers and she moaned against my lips. Her hands found their way to my back and she dug her nails into my bare skin, which only drive me half mad.
She brushed her hands over my shoulders, up my neck, and got lost in my hair. She wrapped her fingers tight around a few strands and that earned another moan. Feeling Juliet in control would completely drive me off the edge.
Having her under me isn't really helping either.
She kept her hold on me, her lips still moved against mine in a heated frenzy.
All of a sudden, she pushed me off of her onto the spot next to her. She straddled my hips and I sucked in a shaky breath, "It's my turn." She breathed and pressed her lips to my neck.
Her lips were hot on my throat as she kissed her way down to my chest. She brushed her lips over my collarbones and started making her way down the center of my chest. I gripped her face between my hands and brought her lips back to mine before she could go any further.
I dropped my hands from her face and grasped her hips.
She pulled away from me suddenly and pushed the hair out of her face, "Slow, right?"
I nodded, but still stuck in a daze, "Yeah, right." I swallowed the lump in my throat and breathed.
Juliet smiled at me and leaned in. She kissed me quickly and sat up straight again. She moved off of me and I closed my eyes. I felt her get up and I opened my eyes back up. I sat up and watched her slip her jacket on, "Leaving?" I asked.