
I kind of wish I could take that conversation back. But it needed to happen. I understand she doesn't want me to get hurt. That's not possible. I know Juliet would never hurt me and I never, ever want to hurt her. My reputation isn't really the best and if that doesn't make Juliet run, then I'm safe for now.
I'm terrified of the thought of losing her.
Days have gone by and I've stayed out of my mom's way. I've talked to Juliet here and there, but never mentioned the conversation I had with my mom. I know my mom has been going over there a couple of times a day since Juliet's grandparent's left. She doesn't stay long though.
It was midnight when my phone buzzed on my bedside table. I answered it quickly when I saw Juliet's name flash across the screen. "Hey." I said casually.
"Hey you." I could hear the smile in her voice, "I just got the last call from your mom. I have loads of blankets, candy, and I'm in desperate need of a hug."
I laughed lightly, "I like all of those things. I'll meet you in my backyard."
"See you in a minute."
We hung up and I grabbed a sweatshirt before leaving my room.
There's a tree in the corner of my backyard that's out of view of my parent's room and I can go to it without my bracelet going off. I discovered this little spot last night when my mom was looking for me. And clearly it worked out because she couldn't find me at all.
Just as I made it to the tree, Juliet opened up the fence hatch and stepped inside. She closed it quietly behind her and basically ran towards me with arms filled with stuff. She dropped it all and jumped in my arms, "I hate not being able to see you every day." She mumbled.
I squeezed her gently and kissed her cheek before setting her down on her feet, "Believe me, you don't want to see me every day."
She spread out the blanket and dumped her bag of candy on top. I sat down next to the pile and pulled her into my lap, "I think you'd get tired of me." She said while opening up a bag of gummy worms.
"I doubt it."
She glanced at me and back to the bag in her hands, "Want to know something funny?"
"I have a feeling it's not going to be that funny."
"Your mom invited me to dinner every night this week until my grandparents come home."
"Seriously?"
She nodded, "Since I've had late shifts these past two nights, I haven't been able to make it. But she's expecting me tomorrow."
I'm scared my mom's going to mention our little conversation. If she does, well, Juliet will probably be freaked out, "Fun family times."
She pulled another blanket from her bag and covered us with it. I wrapped my arms around her and held her close against my chest. "Anything happen while I was gone?" She tilted her head up to look at me.
"Paxton's tried to call a million times, but I haven't answered. He hasn't just showed up either. I think that's only because my parents have been home."
"Good. What about any memories?"
"None of those either." And the trial's only getting closer and closer.