
"I just didn't want to be home."
He turned his head in my direction, "I'm guessing you read the letter."
My heart dropped, "How'd you know about it?"
"Who do you think he gave it to?"
"He—He gave it to you? He was here?"
James nodded, "He came while you were at work. He waited for your grandparents to go out. I told him that's the only thing I would do. I was going to talk to you when you got home, but I knew you would go to Jack's...I just left it there."
"I didn't read it." I choked.
James didn't look surprised, "He wanted to make sure you weren't here either, if that helps any."
"Not really. He knows I don't want to see him."
Did I feel guilty? No. Did I want to read the letter? Somewhat.
I started thinking about what Jack said about me. That I have a weakness for people that can't help themselves. Maybe Jack's right, or maybe Jack was an exception.
James stood up and walked up to me, "Maybe you should read it and see what he has to say. I don't think he deserves to be forgiven, but maybe try?"
My eyes burned and I had to look away from him, "I'm not ready."
He placed his hands on my shoulders from behind and I closed my eyes, "You'll never be ready, Juliet. And I'm not saying you should force yourself into this. I was there that night and I saw the look on his face when you walked away from him. He meant it."
"How do you know that?" I whispered.
"My dad has never had that look before. You could tell he wanted to run after you, but he stopped himself."
I shook my head, "No. Things have been fine without him. I don't need him now."
James gave my shoulders a gentle squeeze, "I'm not saying you need him. I'm saying I don't think it'll hurt to give him a chance."
I shook my head again and wiggled out of his grasp, "I just can't." I turned around to face him, "I'll read the letter when I'm ready."
James's lips tugged into a sad smile, "I'll be here if you want to talk."
"Thank you."
He sent a nod in my direction and walked out.
I threw myself back on my bed and stared up at the ceiling. James did have a point, but I just couldn't bring myself to read the letter, let alone give my dad another chance. No, he didn't deserve it. And I didn't deserve the pain it's probably going to cause.
He could tell me more about my mom.
I'm just not ready for all of this.
I closed out my thoughts and walked into the bathroom. I looked in the mirror and swiped the tears away that escaped. I fixed my makeup a little and left my room. I didn't tell James I was leaving. I didn't tell anyone. My grandparents weren't home anyway. And I'm not sure they'll be home tonight.