
And for once, I didn't feel guilty walking away from Jack. He had it coming. He's been nothing but mean to me since I asked him for help. I don't know why I stayed around so long.
Because Jack was right. I always feel like I need to help people when they can't help themselves. No matter what the circumstance is. In Jack's case, it's murder. But I'm not putting up with it anymore. He isn't better than me and I don't deserve to be treated that way. If he needs help, he needs to learn how to be nicer to people that are actually willing to help him.
I walked back inside, ignoring the tight grip I had on my grandpa's newspaper. I handed it to him and sat down at the table next to Meredith. "We were just talking about getting out of the city and heading to the lake." Meredith piped with a smile.
"Okay, have fun." I didn't mean to sound as harsh I did, but Jack soured my mood.
"We want you to come with us, Juliet."
I looked at Meredith, "I don't know—"
"Oh, come on. It'll be more fun with you there." She smiled.
I pushed a smile on my own face. "Yeah, sure. Thanks for inviting me." My grandparents did raise me to be polite, and getting away from here sounded amazing.
"Yay!" She cheered. "We'll get ready and leave." And she was out of her chair before I got a word out. That left me alone with James after my grandpa went outside.
"You okay?" James asked.
The sound of his voice snapped me out of my small trance. "Yeah, sorry. Just distracted." I mumbled.
He smiled at me and that smile alone made me feel a bit better. "You know you don't have to go. She's stronger than she looks."
"No, I really want to go. It'll be good for me." I finally smiled like I meant it.
"Good. I'll meet you guys outside." James got up from the table and I head his footsteps walk upstairs.
I pulled myself together and walked upstairs to get ready. I didn't even know what to wear. I just plucked one of my bathing suits from my dresser. A simple navy blue bikini I've only worn a couple of times. I pulled my red sun dress from my closet and got dressed. I put my hair into a braid, slipped on a pair of shoes, and grabbed a book before walking downstairs. Just as I reached the landing, Meredith came running down the stairs. "I'm so glad you're coming with us!" she cheered.
I followed her outside and James was already waiting by his car. I climbed into the back behind Meredith and soon James pulled out and we were on our way. I used to go to the lake all the time when I was little. When Meredith and James visited, my grandparents took us all the time. I just hope it can help keep my mind off of things for a while.
James let Meredith choose the music we listened to on the 45 minute drive and he was regretting it. I could tell by the slight clench of his jaw. But I did catch him smiling a few times. Maybe because he realized his sister is all he has right now.
The lake was pretty secluded. It was a once and a lifetime find and we were lucky enough to keep it a secret as long as we have. I'm sure we aren't the only ones that know about it, but it's nice to know there's a small part you can escape to if you want.