
Jack raised an eyebrow, "Why would it be?"
"No reason." I said quickly after realizing what I said, "Just that we need to learn to be in the same room without fighting."
"Friends can argue." He smiled.
"Not as much as we have."
Jack came closer, barely leaving a foot of space between us, "Glad we can sort this out." He put his hand in my direction.
I wrapped my hand around his, "Me too." As cheesy as it sounds, I got lost in his brown eyes. I couldn't look away and I couldn't let go of his hand, but the sound of Jack's phone tore us apart.
When Jack turned his back to look at his phone, I let go of the breath I had been holding. I don't know how well this friend thing is going to work out if I can't even control my breathing around him. Of course I wanted to kiss him again, but he can't know that.
Yep, this friendship thing is going to be a breeze.
Not.
Jack turned back around and threw his phone on the bed, "He'll be back tomorrow."
Paxton, "I have to work anyway." Not that he expected me to come over or anything. But we are neighbors and I don't want to see Paxton.
Jack looked away and nodded, "Good." He mumbled.
"When do your parents come back?"
Jack met my gaze again, "Monday. Why?"
"We should get as much studying done between now and then so I don't have to come over so late." Okay, maybe it was just an excuse to spend time with him. More time than I already spend here.
"You're still going to help me?" He asked, a hint of surprise in his voice.
"I thought we just settled that." I grinned, "I'll be back tomorrow night after work to help. The tests are coming up soon, right?"
He nodded quickly, "In two weeks."
"You should be ready by then." I walked up to him, standing on my toes to leave a kiss on his cheek, but immediately regretted it, "Goodnight, Jack." And I walked away before he said anything or I could see the look on his face. Probably surprised I would even do that.
I'm surprised I would even do that after what we talked about.
And I swear I heard him say, "You shouldn't have done that." Under his breath, but I couldn't be sure.

Business at the diner today was slow. We had about three tables filled and no one sitting at the bar. I sat back at one of the booths in the far corner with my head in my hands. I rubbed my temples, hoping to get ride of the tension that was built up. "Long day." I heard Madison say. She let out a sigh and slid in the booth across from me.
I lifted my head up to look at her. Even after being at work all day, she still managed too look like she was full of energy. "You can say that again."
"Everything okay?" She asked, her voice soft. She was always soft spoken, never really had much to say. Maybe that's why I liked her so much. And she's been quite a good friend to me when Lindy wasn't around.
I managed a nod, "I think so..." I trailed off, avoiding her eyes.
"You think so? Doesn't seem like it, Juliet."