
The police were at the neighbor’s house again.
It usually never bothers me, but it’s currently 3 A.M. and I have a major final in the morning. The sirens echoed and no pillow was going to help block out the boisterous sound. The blue and red lights flashed in my room, only making the situation more sleep depriving. I threw the covers from my body and walked quietly out of my room.
I touched the landing at the bottom of the stairs and walked outside, being the nosy ass neighbor I am. I walked down the long sidewalk, passed the tall hedges to get a peek at the neighbor’s house. I hid behind the hedge and leaned forward a bit to catch a glance. There were at least five people standing outside. Two police officers, Jack, and his parents.
And of course, Jack was in handcuffs.
His mom waved her hand animatedly, while his dad talked to the police officers. One of the police officers shook his head and grabbed Jack’s forearm to hoist him in the back of the police car. “I’ve been in one of these things before,” Jack said, his tone laced with an attitude. “I know how it works.”
He wasn’t exactly being quiet about it. He was all about causing a scene.
The slam of the car door echoed through the neighborhood.
Jack’s dad, Jack Sr., pinched the bridge of his nose while his mom, Marie, was hysteric.
“We’ll be there to pick him up in the morning.” Jack Sr. said before leading his wife back inside the comfort of their house.
The police car pulled out of the driveway, finally turning those damn lights off. I pressed myself against the hedge until the car was out of sight. This was the third time just this month that the police have come to that house. But this is the first time they’ve taken Jack. Ever since he’s been put on house arrest, I’ve definitely seen the police more often than I liked to.
I trudged back up to my room and fell back on my bed. I closed my eyes, the burning behind them getting too much. I curled on my side and almost fell asleep instantly.
My body ached when I woke up three hours later. I dragged myself out of bed and to my closet to lay out clothes before taking a shower. I took a quick shower, only wasting a few minutes for the warm water to bead against my skin to relax my muscles. I got out, wrapping a towel around my bare body. I padded back into my room, resisting the urge to fall back into bed and sleep.
I got dressed in my school uniform, which included a maroon pleated skirt, a white button up shirt, a maroon tie, and a maroon blazer that is sometimes optional. It was definitely optional today. I walked to my vanity to check my reflection and noticed the bags under my eyes aren’t too noticeable this time. I dabbled on a little bit of makeup to hide what little showed. My hair was the next thing to get fixed. Too lazy to actually do anything with it, my brown locks went into a tight ponytail. I checked the clock on the bedside table and it was almost 7 A.M. meaning I have to be at school in thirty minutes. Great.
I made my way downstairs, the fresh smell of coffee hitting me first off. I walked into the kitchen and my grandma already had a cup of coffee waiting for me. “You’re the best.”
She smiled and handed it to me.
“Tell me something I don’t know.” She leaned over, leaving the smallest kiss on my head.