
When he didn't say anything, I left.
I walked back to my house and the warm feeling I had was gone. I didn't want to leave, but I had to. If I stayed any longer, there's no telling what I would've done. I needed to control myself and I was doing a horrible job at it. I told Jack the truth and he had nothing to say. I'm not sure what he would've said. I was curious about what he was thinking, if he was at all.
I quietly walked up to my room and noticed a small light spilling from under the door. I don't remember leaving it on. I placed my hand on the handle and slowly opened my door. I breathed a sigh of relief to see James in my bed. He was asleep, so I had no idea how long he's been in here.
I walked to the other side of my bed and laid down, wet clothes and all. I poked James's shoulder until he woke up. He was lying on his back, an arm folded under his head. He must have been here for a while. He did finally wake up and slowly turned his head in my direction, "You're finally home." He smiled lazily. He looked back up at the ceiling.
"What are you doing in my bed?"
He let out a long breath, "Waiting for you to get back."
"It looks like you're sleeping to me."
He looked at me again, a sleepy smile playing on his lips, "I obviously fell asleep waiting for you."
"And why were you waiting for me?"
He shrugged, "Just haven't seen you all day. Thought I would be nice and check on you."
"Meredith already thinks there's something going on."
James's smile turned into a grin and he wiggled his eyebrows, "Don't take it personal. Apparently I suck at having girls as friends because I always end up—"
"That won't happen here, don't worry about that."
"Because of Jack."
When I didn't answer, James nodded. "And that's completely okay. You're the first girl I actually want to be friends with and stay friends. I don't want to screw that up."
"I'm going to pretend I'm not offended."
James laughed and ran a hand over his face, "Not like that, I swear." His laugh faltered a bit, "We don't like each other like that. I mean, yeah, I find you attractive. I think any guy would be crazy not to. I just like having you as a friend than anything more than that."
I smiled at him as I felt my cheeks burn from blushing, "I like being your friend, too. So it should definitely stay that way."
James and I stayed up talking for a bit. I told him about Jack and basically just poured my heart out. I did end up crying, which was embarrassing. And James didn't know what to do when I started crying. I'm pretty sure he gathered me in his arms and let me cry until I fell asleep.
Crying over a boy sounds cliché. But it wasn't just over Jack. It was over myself also. Talking to Jack got me thinking about my parents and how things could've been different. I'm happy where I'm at, and like I said, I couldn't imagine being anywhere else.
I woke up in the same position I fell asleep in. Wrapped in James's arms. Instead of moving, I snuggled slightly closer. I let out a content sigh. Even though I'm sure you shouldn't cuddle someone like this that you think if as a brother, I couldn't help it. Something about it made me weirdly happy.