
"Oh. I'm sorry."
He just smiled, "At least I know she won't be around him."
"Yeah, I guess so. And thank you for staying."
"Want to go grab some dinner real quick?"
"Sure, but I need to shower. This kid decided it would be funny and throw a pancake at me. Not just a piece, but a whole damn pancake loaded with syrup." I wrinkled my nose, "I'll probably smell like maple syrup for two weeks."
James leaned forward, a little to close, and sniffed my neck, "You smell sweet."
I quickly stepped back, "I'm just gonna go shower. I'll meet you in a few minutes." And I ran inside.
What the hell was that?
That wasn't exactly friendly. I mean, yeah, it was friendly all right.
Shut up, Juliet. It's nothing.
I checked my phone once more before getting into the shower and going to pick up dinner with James.
We decided on Chinese food and more episodes of Breaking Bad.  We did have an entire season to finish, which probably won't be hard. It was an easy show to marathon.
We were in the middle of an episode when my phone buzzed in my pocket. I dropped my fork and hurried to pluck my phone from my pocket.
It was a text from Jack that read, "Come outside."
"Pause it. I'll be back." I scrambled up from the floor and took off out the front door. I saw Jack standing behind the white line in the famous black and white suit I loved a little too much.
He looked worried and that made me slow down. Oh no.
What happened next made my heart almost stop completely.
Jack lifted the line of white string and stepped under it.
--------------------------
I didn't even realize how far into the book I really was until this chapter lol. It'll be ending in the next few chapters sadly. :( And there will not be a sequel. Or at least there's no absolute plans for one. I think this story works great as a standalone book.
I hate asking for votes, but since I entered this book in the watty awards, I'm gonna ask for votes, haha. I would love you guys forever if you voted, I seriously appreciate it so much already. So thank you so much! :)
And please comment as well? I like knowing what you guys think! :)