
"I'm trying to sleep, Jack." I said the second I answered the phone, "What do you need?"
"What I need and what I want are two different things."
I rolled my eyes even though he can't see. "What do you need, Jack?"
He was quiet for a few seconds, but finally spoke, "We need to talk. Can you come over?"
I tilted my head to the side to look at the clock, "It's two in the morning, can it not wait until tomorrow?"
"No." He said quickly. "I need you to come over now."
"Why?" I asked as I got out of bed. "What is so important that it just couldn't wait until tomorrow?" Or technically today.
"I know you know Paxton was here."
He knew I was watching, but it shouldn't be a surprise. "I'll be there in a few minutes."
"Just come up to my room." And he hung up before I could get another word out.
I lazily put on a pair of shoes and walked down the stairs quietly. James wasn't even home yet, which wasn't surprising. I stepped outside into the cool night air and made my way to Jack's even slower. I didn't knock, as requested. I opened the door and closed it quietly. I walked up the stairs, but I was too tired to even realize I was back in Jack's house. I was too tired to react to the feeling of being close to Jack again.
I took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. I started walking again and went to Jack's room. The door was cracked so I pushed it until it was opened. Jack was pacing but came to a stop when he noticed me. I leaned against the doorframe and crossed my arms over my chest. "What did you want that couldn't wait?"
He scanned my frame and pointed at me, "Nice shirt."
I looked down at the shirt I was wearing, realizing I was still wearing the shirt Jack let me borrow. Now I'm embarrassed. "I didn't come here so we can talk about clothes." I defended and stepped into his room. "What did Paxton say?"
Jack lifted his eyes to meet mine, "He said it wasn't him—"
"What?" I exploded, stepping further towards Jack. "Jack, it was—"
"I didn't say I didn't believe you, Juliet." He said calmly, "After you told me about him coming to the diner, I never doubted it."
Part of that made me feel better, but for the most part, it made me uneasy. Paxton's denying it, but Jack believes me. I don't know what I would've done if Jack believed Paxton didn't actually stand under my window, watching for only god knows how long. "Is he dangerous?"
"I won't lie to you and tell you he's not, because he is. I don't like him hanging around here."
"Then tell him to leave—"
"I can't." Jack cleared his throat. "I mean, he wouldn't listen to me."
I guess he couldn't force him to leave, and I guess it was stupid of me to say that, but I don't feel the safest right now. "Then I can't help you anymore. I'm sorry."
"What? Why?" He took a step closer, "If anything, Paxton wouldn't even bother you if you were here."
Now that's interesting, "You have my notes, you don't need me anymore. I helped you as much as I could, Jack."