
"I didn't push you away, did I?"
My breath caught in my throat and I didn't know what to say.
"I have problems, I get that. The difference between you and me is that you actually had help. I didn't. Never did. My parents are never home and when they are home, they stay in their office. They don't care what happens to me. They just don't want me to taint their career."
"I'm sorry, I didn't know—"
"I don't want you to feel sorry for me." He said softly. "I just want to know how you did it and if there's even any hope for me."
I nodded quickly. "There's nothing wrong with you, Jack. Your choices, yes, but not you."
"A choice makes a person."
"Then make different choices."
Jack finally tore his eyes away from mine and ran a hand over his face. He let out a sigh and buried his face in his hands. I went back to the textbook and gave Jack a few moments to gather himself. A few minutes later, he spoke again. "You didn't answer my question." He said.
Confused, I looked up from the book again. "You didn't ask me one."
"About missing your parent's."
"I told you—"
"That wasn't a real answer, Juliet."
I hesitated, but closed the textbook and set it aside. I mulled over the thoughts in my head. Thoughts that I've had before, but haven't thought about in a long time. Thoughts that have been pushed to the back of mind in a dark corner. They're thoughts I've never shared with anyone and now I wanted to tell Jack. I wanted him to know what I was thinking. "I sometimes wonder what it would have been like if my mom was still alive. If her and my dad would still be together. If she would love me as much as I think she would. If I look like her." I smiled a little at the thought.
Jack was interested. "You don't have a picture?"
I nodded. "They're pictures of when she was younger then I am now. I did resemble her a little. My grandma always tells me I have the same sparkle in my eyes and the shape of her mouth. And sometimes the attitude." I laughed a little.
Jack's mouth tipped into a small smile. "She sounds beautiful."
"She was."
Jack complimented me and it took me a minute to realize it. I didn't acknowledge it because I'm sure my cheeks gave it away. The blush crept on my cheeks. "I don't know how your dad could've left you behind."
That comment was enough to bring tears to my eyes. They threatened to spill out, but I wouldn't let them. "He wasn't a good person after my mom died." I didn't want to tell him he abandoned me because I reminded of my mom.
The first tear fell against my cheek and I quickly swiped it away. "I'm happy where I am."
"Really?"
"Can't really imagine being anywhere else."
A light smile touched Jack's lips. "Good."
We went to work after that. The mood was lighter than it ever has been. Jack kept any sarcastic remarks to himself, but he still managed to make me laugh. He wasn't so bad and that didn't help what I was feeling toward him. I want to be friends with Jack, despite who he is and what he's done.