
He said he wants to change I just don't know if he wants help doing it.
But I'll be his friend if he needs one and I hope he knows that.

Hours later, I was opening my eyes in a dark room.
I don't even remember falling asleep.
I looked around the room, hoping to spot Jack but he wasn't in here. And I was in his bed, with a blanket thrown over me.
The crack of thunder made me jump out of my skin and almost out of Jack's bed. The rain poured hard against the roof. I threw the blanket off of me and stepped out of bed. I walked to Jack's door, opening it and walking out into the dark hallway. Does he not turn lights on?
I took careful steps down the hall and held on tight to the stair railing so I didn't plummet to my death or a broken leg. The light from the kitchen spilled into the hallway, lighting it up well enough so I could make it to the living room. Jack's long figure stretched the length of the loveseat, his legs hanging over the edge because he was too tall for it.
I sat on my knees in front of the loveseat where Jack's head was. I folded my arms and leaned against the edge of the cushion. "Jack." I whispered.
He groaned a little but didn't wake up. "Jack." I repeated but in a louder voice.
Jack woke up with the smallest flutter of his eyes. He turned his head slightly to look at me. "You're awake."
"And you're not. So wake up."
He just smiled and turned his head away again. He threw an arm over his eyes and let out a long breath. "What time is it?"
I looked at the clock on the wall, "A little past eight. I have to get home."
Jack removed his arm and looked at me. "It's storming."
"My house is literally eight feet away. I think I can manage." I laughed. "But, I'm starving and there's no ordering pizza in this weather."
"And what do you want me to about it?" He grinned.
"I'm the guest. You have to feed me."
Jack let out a laugh and sat up. He proceeded to stand up. He offered me his hand and pulled me to my feet.
He dropped my hand and I followed him into the kitchen. They had a walk in pantry loaded with every junk food you can imagine. "This is what happens when your parents leave you alone for the week." He mumbled. "Totally not healthy, but it helps when you can't cook to save your life."
"Your mom never taught you how to cook?"
"I'm sure she would've if she ever cooked."
Tragic.
I placed my hands on Jack's chest and pushed him out of the pantry. I closed the doors and pushed him further into the kitchen. The McKinnon house was at least double the size of ours and the kitchen should have it's own zip code it was so big. Everything in this kitchen was everything compared to what I have just next door. My grandma always liked to stick to her roots and wasn't huge on today's advances.