

"What are you doing—"
Jack put a finger to his lips and shushed me.
I listened but heard nothing. I took a hesitant step toward him. "The beeping. Why isn't your bracelet going off?"
He lifted his foot and pointed to his ankle, "It's gone."
"It's gone? What do you mean it's gone?"
He closed the distance between us, "I mean it's gone. No more ankle monitor."
I could cry because of how happy I suddenly felt, "Are you serious? Does that mean it's over?"
He lifted his hands and caressed my face between his palms, "I wish it was over, but there's still a lot that needs to be done. The best part is I'm not the main suspect anymore." He smiled widely, "There was a witness that came forward and that helped so much. They said there were two other people, not just one. Two. And they're not the guys that's been flaunted all over the news."
"So you're officially off house arrest?" I asked with a hopeful tone.
His smile fell a little when he shook his head, "Not yet. My officer will show up unannounced about once a week, maybe more. But I can come to you now." He smiled again, "Everything is going to work out. I'll be back to my life soon without any problems. And I can be with you."
I didn't think and just jumped in his arms. I wrapped myself around him and his arms tightened around my waist, "I can't even explain how happy I am right now." I whispered, "I told you this would work out."
He laughed lightly, "I know."
I moved my head back so I was face to face with him. He moved his hands down to get a firm grip on my thighs, "Is that why it took so long today?"
He bobbed his head, "The witness showed up late, but I didn't even know they were showing up at all. I didn't even know there was one. And on top of that, I had to go through a bunch of hoops when it came to getting that stupid monitor off. At first they weren't going to take it off, but my lawyer convinced the judge with a very thought out letter." He grinned. "I think I made quite the convincing case, too."
I smiled to match his, "Good. All of this is so good." I lowered my face down to his and kissed him like I wanted to the moment I saw him. Standing in the yard and on the verge of making out wasn't exactly a good idea. I pulled back and nuzzled my face against the side of his neck. I snaked my arms around his neck a little tighter.
"I decided to make a change of plans tonight." Jack stated.
"What would that be?" I muttered against his neck.
"We're going for a drive."
I lifted my head up to face him again and my eyebrows knitted together in confusion, "A drive? Is that a good idea?"
"It'll be around midnight or a little after. Believe me, no one will show up tonight and my parents will be asleep."
I unraveled myself from around him and placed my feet back on the ground, "Where are we driving to exactly?"
"Where it all happened. I want to retrace my steps kind of. Maybe something will come to me. Maybe all of it will come back to me."
"It sounds like a good and bad idea. But I'll help you."