

"What are you going to do about finals?" Matt asked me from across the table.
I put my beer to my lips, taking a long drink before answering, "Probably failing them, so nothing. It wouldn't matter if I passed anyway."
Matt and Ethan exchanged a look and Matt looked back at me, "You should at least try, Bro. You won't make it to your senior year."
I shrugged and chugged the rest of my beer, "Should I care?"
"You should." Ethan commented.
I rolled my eyes and walked to the bar to get another beer. The bartender slid it across the counter without asking for my ID again, even though it's fake. I sat back down at the table, interrupting their deep conversation.
"I've missed too much school." I nearly exploded, "Too much trouble, and too much work. There's no way I'll finish in time."
"Get a tutor." Matt said.
I wrinkled my nose, "No way. I'll fail first."
It was Matt's turn to roll his eyes, "You're being stupid, Jack. Failing this year isn't going to help you with anything. You won't even try."
I snorted, "And who do you think would be willing to help me? No one would have the patience to work with me anyway."
It got quiet after that. Case closed.
I'm a lost cause, no one would help me.
"What about your neighbor? Isn't she smart? She goes that the fancy ass private school, right?"
"Juliet?" I questioned.
Matt snapped his fingers, "Yeah! Wouldn't she help you?"
I quickly shook my head, "No, never."
"Couldn't you ask?"
"I could, but I'm not going to."
"Why are you so damn stubborn?"
I could tell they were getting tired of me. After all the years, they're finally about to give up on me. I guess that's what I wanted. I want to be alone. But not for the rest of my life.
The pressure in my head started at my temples, slowing moving in. I squeezed my head between my hands, hoping it would fade. It did in a few seconds, but probably not for long.  "I'm not feeling well." I swallowed the lump in my throat and lifted my head, "I'm gonna go home." The sweat trickled along my forehead and I blinked my eyes.
"Want us to go with you?"
I shook my head the best I could, "No, I'm fine. Just need sleep." God knows I haven't had much of that lately.
As I stood up, a wave of white blurred my vision for a moment. I blinked again and it was gone. I straightened my back and walked out of the bar—
My eyes opened up to the darkness of my room before the memory could finish. My heart was hammering hard against my chest as a breath caught in my throat.