
"Kissing in the rain." He pointed to the sky, "Romantic enough?"
I shared his laugh and threw my arms around his neck, "It might have been if there wasn't lightning."
He laughed again and started pushing hair out of my face, "Come back inside." He tugged on my hips, "Spend the night with me and don't worry about anything."
Instead of answering, I grabbed his hand and lead him back to his house. We walked in, finally sheltered from the raging storm. When we got inside, I stood on my toes and kissed him quick, "I shouldn't be mad. I understand about all of it. I guess it just sucked to hear you say it out loud."
"I wish things were different. I really wish things were different."
"I do too."
Jack stepped away and started leading me upstairs; "Let's get you out of those wet clothes." Jack glanced behind at me and grinned, "Still have a dirty mind."
I couldn't help but smile. Jack's need to turn everything into a dirty joke used to annoy me. Now it just seemed normal.
We made it back to his room and he went straight to his dresser. He pulled out a shirt and held it out to me, "This is number four."
I snatched the shirt from him and grinned up at him, "I like having your clothes in my room." It was weird, maybe. But it's the only thing I have to feel close to him when I can't be.
Yes, weird.
Jack turned around long enough to let me slip out of my wet clothes and change into his t-shirt. I took out my ponytail to fix it because strands of golden brown hair escaped while outside in the rain. I turned back around as Jack pulled on a pair of sweat pants.
Even coming in from the rain he still looked like he stepped out of an ad for a men's cologne. His hair has gotten a bit longer since I started tutoring him. I think Jack has always had his hair cut a tad short. I never had the chance to actually appreciate how attractive he is.
And I take this time, of all times, to stop and appreciate him.
A slow smirk makes its way to his lips and I knew he caught me staring. He walked up to me and took my hand, "I knew you couldn't help it."
My face flamed up because I knew he was right.
We got back into bed and huddled together. I rested my head on his shoulder and one of my legs found a place between his. I curled against his side and pressed my face against his neck. We were tangled together and nothing felt as right. I didn't want to lose Jack. Not over what happened to him and not over his parents or my grandparents.
And for once, I wanted to wake up next to him without thinking about anyone but us.

—————-
I know I said I would do a chapter in Jack's pov, and I'm still going to! Not the next chapter, but chapter 20 I'll try!
I decided to be nice and not leave you guys on a cliffhanger and give you a lot of Jack and Juliet, hahaha.
Hope you liked the chapter! :)