
"Kiss you."
My heart was betraying me again. Beating so fast I couldn't hear myself think. The answer was easy. "No."
And that wasn't it.
Jack just laughed a little, "I had a feeling."
Not the response I thought I would get. "Why do you say that?"
This time he shrugged. "It was stupid on my part to even try."
Knowing Jack, he's probably jonesing for female attention.
I wanted to tell him that it wasn't stupid and maybe if he tried again, I would comply. But I didn't. I stared down at my clasped hands in my lap. Jack still sat next to me, not saying a word. His presence alone made me want to do crazy things. "We should probably get back to work." I mumbled.
"Yeah, right..." Jack lingered for a moment, maybe hoping I would change my mind. I was ten seconds away from it.
But he moved to his original position and I did my best to avoid eye contact. We worked at a steady pace and I've pretty much avoided his gaze for two hours. I felt his stare again, but I still avoided the contact.
When the session was over, I helped him clean up the mess on his bed and headed out his bedroom door. I felt Jack on my heels as I made my way down the stairs. "You don't have to go." Jack's voice was surprisingly closer than he felt.
I turned around to face him when I reached the bottom of the stairs. "I think I do." I swallowed hard. I didn't want to go, but I had to.
"You don't. I swear I won't—"
"I know." I said quickly. "I'll see you Tuesday, Jack."
He didn't say anything else, so I left. I felt like I could finally breathe when I reached the porch to my house. My grandparents weren't home yet and I'm guessing Meredith isn't either because James's car isn't in the driveway. I stepped inside and called out for James.
James came down the stairs, smiling. Probably happy there's another person in the house. "Want to watch a movie or something?" I asked.
He jumped the last step and walked closer to me. He bent down so he was eye level and leaned in closer. "What are you doing?"
James squinted his eyes for a few moments and then took a step back. "Your face is really red." He said slowly.
"It's hot out."
"It takes you thirty seconds to walk back and forth to Jack's house." He pointed at me. "He kissed you!"
"No!" My eyes widened. "Hell no!"
James tilted his head, still examining my face. "Maybe not. But almost."
I quickly shook my head, "No where near it." I lied. "We got into a fight." And there goes another lie.
But James seemed to believe it.
He dropped the subject and we went into the living room to find a movie.
About an hour later, my grandparents came home and Meredith shortly after. Meredith joined us for the rest of the movie and she didn't say anything about me being sick. But I coughed a little and sniffled. "What'd you guys do today?" She asked when the movie ended.