
By the time we finished prep, it was almost one in the morning. I wasn't tired or ready to go home. It was storming outside which gave me less motivation to move. I was afraid to leave Jack alone like this. I thought maybe he'd have another episode and remember something. I want to be here for him when he does. I don't want him to be alone in this.
We curled under his blanket while the storm played out in the background. Every time lighting struck, it only illuminated the room for a second. The loud thunder made me jump every few seconds and Jack would laugh. As long as he was laughing about something.
I walked my fingers across his bare abdomen and up his chest. I lightly brushed my palm lightly over his collarbone and wrapped my fingers around the side of his neck. When Jack let out a groan, I knew I was doing something right. He snatched my hand from his neck and brought my palm to his lips.
I threw one of my legs over his, now half my body resting on top of him. His lips were hot on my wrist, making their way down my arm slowly. I pressed my forehead against his temple and sucked in a breath. He wasn't making this easy on me at all. "Jack." I whispered, almost choking on a moan. He didn't stop after dropping my arm.
He used his freed hand to flip me on my back and hover over me within a second. He wasted no time connecting our lips in a heated frenzy. "I need you." I gasped against his lips. He kissed me harder, our lips working in sync again. Jack hissed when he pulled away, leaning his forehead against mine.
"Don't say that." He used a hand for support, using his free one to trace my face with the tips of his fingers.
I dropped my legs to his sides, letting one hook around his hip. I pushed him towards me again. I cupped his cheek, tracing my thumb against his bottom lip. "Jack." I repeated in a whisper.
"Not now."
"Why? You don't—"
"I do." He let out another groan, "You have no idea how bad, but it won't be like this."
"It's perfect." I said softly, dragging my finger across his jaw. "I want it to be you. Please."
He shook his head, "Not like this, Juliet."
"Have you thought about it?" I blurted. Okay, maybe that wasn't the best question, but I was curious. He's had to of thought about it at least once.
Jack laughed nervously, "Um, maybe. But I'm not going to pressure you, that's not what I'm doing—"
"Jack." I interrupted, "I don't want anyone else." I spoke slowly, watching his eyes scan over my face. I waited for his reaction, but got nothing. "After everything's that's happened...I guess I thought you felt the same. I guess I was wrong—"
"Shhh." His eyes bore into mine again, "We should still think about what my mom said and not get too attached."
Tears stung my eyes but I wasn't about to cry right now, "It's a little too late for that one, don't you think?" I flattened my hands against his chest, pushing him off until he fell on the other side of the bed. I got up quickly, slipped on my shoes, and ran out of his room.
It seems I'm always running out of his room.
Jack was behind me a couple of feet, but I had a head start. He was calling my name. I didn't stop and threw open the front door and ran into the rain. All I had to do was reach the white line. Rain poured down on me the moment I stepped on the lawn. I was at least a foot from the white line and I felt Jack's fingers tug on my arm and draw me back.