
I ducked under the line of string and Jack immediately pulled me against him. His hand braced against the back of my neck and he held tighter. He leaned down, pressing his temple against mine as he whispered something to me. I could barely make out his words through my daze.
I wasn't crying, but I was close to it again.
Jack's other arm wound around my waist and he turned his head into the side of my neck, "I could tell something was wrong."
"My d-dad." I choked on another sob.
"Do you want to come inside? My parents won't be back for awhile."
I nodded against him and he slowly pulled away from me. He led me inside his house and locked us inside. I didn't think twice about what I just did out in the open. My grandparents could have seen.
At this point I didn't care if they did. They'll find out eventually. But I want to be the one to tell them, not someone from across the street.
Jack wrapped me back in his arms and I melted against him, "Do you want to talk about it?"
I pulled away from his arms and walked into the living room. I sat down on the couch and let out a shaky breath, "He left me a letter a few days ago...I finally read it today."
Jack kneeled in front of me, taking my hands between his own, "It wasn't a good letter I'm guessing."
I shook my head, "I wouldn't say it was bad." I went into detail about the letter. The small aspects that upset me the most and other smaller details. He watched me intently, listening to every word I had to say.
"You should see him if you really want to."
"I think I do."
Jack released my hands and ran his thumbs under my eyes, "No more crying."
I leaned back against the couch and sighed, "No more crying." I repeated more for my sake than his.
He stood up and sat down next to me. I leaned my head against his shoulder and let out a more steady breath. "So," I started, "did you get your results?" I lifted my head and pivoted my body to face him.
"Yeah, just got the email this morning."
"And?"
A smile crept on his face, "I passed all of them."
"Jack!" I beamed, "That's so amazing. I'm happy for you. That means you get to start your senior year."
His smile fell into a frown, "That's if I can get out of this."
I touched the lock of his hair that curled around his ear, "You'll get out of this and you'll start your senior year. You'll get to go to prom and all that high school jazz."
Jack snorted, "If only prom was the only thing I had to worry about."
"You basically ruined junior prom. You and your friends anyway."
Jack's smile was back, "Oh come on, it's like a high school tradition to spike the punch."