
Jack leaned against the door frame, arms crossed against his chest. An amused grin tugged at his lips. "Is there a reason you're knocking on my door in the middle of night?" His normal light brown eyes were dark.
I swallowed the lump in my throat and pointed to my house. "I'm locked out. Must have lost my-"
"Didn't ask for your life story." He interrupted. "What do you want me to do?"
I clenched my fists at my sides, my cheeks burning with embarrassment.  "I just need somewhere to stay for a few hours-"
He snorted. "And you chose my house?"
"There's no other reason I would be here." I defended. "I can't go back to my friends because of her parent's. I didn't-"
"Again with all the rambling." He ran a hand through his tousled golden brown hair. "Don't you have someone else you can call?"
I shook my head, clenching my fists tighter so I didn't end up hitting him. "If you didn't interrupt me, I could have told you that."
He stood up straighter, his height looming over me. Definitely taller than I remembered. I had to take a small step back. I couldn't help but glance down at his ankle, the light on his bracelet lit a bright green. I pressed my lips together, fighting the frightening urge to make a run for it and sleep in Lindy's car.
"I don't think my parents would appreciate if I let a stranger in the house."
"Your mom knows me. And so does your dad." I said defensively. "We aren't even strangers. We've been going to the same school since elementary. We were kind of friends then."
He shrugged his broad shoulders. "So? You go to that new fancy school now."
I let out a snort. "What the hell do you think I'm going to do? Kill you in your sleep?"
"I could easily take you, Princess." He smirked.
The urge to hit him was only growing stronger at this point.
I tucked my hands behind me and put a fake smile on my face. "This was clearly a bad idea. So I'm just gonna sleep in the car. It's been real fun."
I turned to walk away, but Jack's laugh made me stop in my tracks. Did he actually find this funny? Me being locked out of my house is so freaking hilarious? "Don't be so dramatic."
"Dramatic?" I turned around and walked back up to the door. "You're calling me dramatic?" I glanced down at the cuff on his ankle again, hoping he could take a hint.
He still had a stupid grin on his face. "What do I get if I let you come in?"
"Not what you're thinking." I snapped.
"And tell me, Miss I-know-everything, what am I thinking?" He leaned against the door frame again, still amused by my misfortune.
"I can tell you're not thinking about puppies."
Jack stepped back from the door and gestured for me to come inside. "I'm not-"
"I didn't ask. Now are you coming in or not?"
I hesitated, scanning his face. I kept a close eye on the the arm he was using to hold the door open, making sure he wasn't about to slam it in my face to laugh at me even more. I stepped inside and he closed the door with a faint click behind me. The sound of the lock engaged and he appeared in front of me in the dark foyer.