
My shift was over in fifteen minutes and I couldn't wait to get out of here.
Madison walked up to me as I was filling up some cups with a confused look on her face, "What's up?" I asked.
"Um, table seven requested you."
That's never happened before. "Was it Michael?"
She shook her head, "No, I'm not sure who it is."
I asked her to take the drinks to my table while I dealt with whoever this was. If it's not Michael, I have no idea who it could be.
I steadied my breathing and walked to the table. My heart sped up when I noticed the back of Paxton's head. I hesitated for a moment and walked into his view. A smile crept on his face when he noticed me, "Juliet."
I kept the pen in my hand as steady as possible, "What can I get you?"
"Your number."
The laugh burst out of my mouth before I could stop it. "Excuse me?"
His face contorted into what looked like confusion, "I want to get to know you. Is that so bad?"
"It is when I have a boyfriend." I blurted.
And the stupidest thing I've done all year is...
Paxton looked surprised. "Of course you do."
"Is that why you're here? And how did you even know where I was?"
Paxton was on the boarder of stalking. And I just met the guy yesterday. He gave me weird vibes then and now it felt like spiders crawling all over my skin. "Jack mentioned where you work before and I saw your uniform earlier. Kind of put two and two together." I don't know what's creepier, Jack talking about where I worked or Paxton showing up here.
The bell to the door dinged when a new customer came in. I looked over to see James, scanning for what I'm assuming would be me. When he saw me, I waved him over. "You ready?" He asked.
Paxton glanced between us and pointed at James. "This him?"
I nodded quickly.
Paxton looked at James again but with a giant grin on his face. "You're very lucky." Paxton then stood up and turned to me. "See you around, Juliet." He gave James another look and left the diner.
When I looked at James, he had his mouth opened ready to speak. "In the car." I whispered.
I clocked out and got rid of my apron before meeting James at his car. I slid in and waited to speak until he pulled out of the parking lot. "I may or may not have told Paxton you were my boyfriend." I mumbled.
James just snorted. "And why would you do that?"
I went into the full story, explaining why I thought Paxton was a bit scary, and how he showed up and asked for me. "So that's why he said I was lucky..." James sudden realization made me laugh.
"So now you see why I said that. It's honestly sad that I had to lie. He just scared me."
"I don't blame you for what you did. I think I could probably kick his ass if I had to."
I rolled my eyes. "Don't inflate your own ego."