
"I didn't either." My tone was light, "I read your letter."
"I'm glad. And I meant every word."
"I would like to...I'd like to see you, before you leave. I can meet you tomorrow and we can go to lunch and talk."
"Of course." He said without hesitation, "I'm sure you have a lot of questions and I'll do my best to answer them. I have some pictures I would like to show you as well."
The idea made me smile, "I'll meet you at The Orchid at noon tomorrow."
"Thank you, Juliet."
"See you tomorrow."
And he said bye and I hung up.
It felt weird. I talked to him like I've known him my whole life, like he didn't leave me for fourteen years. I liked that, too. I'm not going to have high hopes about tomorrow because it could end badly. I don't want it to, but I know I'm going to be kind of on edge the whole time, just waiting for him to make one wrong move and I bolt.
I really did have a lot going on tomorrow.
There was a knock at my door, "Come in!"
My door opened and Meredith stepped through, "Hey. Glad you're awake."
"Unfortunately." I mumbled.
She let out a small laugh, "I was going to see if you wanted to go to the mall with me? I don't have anything to wear tomorrow and I really need something new."
"Sure, sounds like fun. I'll call Lindy and have her meet us there."
I called Lindy the second she left, and of course, Lindy was all for it. She would be meeting us there within the hour. I changed into jeans, a black tank top, and put my hair into a messy knot. I washed my face again because my eyes felt sore. I put on a light layer of make up and met Meredith downstairs.
We took my grandma's car since James has already left for the day. I'm not too fond of the mall during the summer because that's where everyone goes. Here or the beach, and it seems a lot of people go to the mall instead.
I parked the car and Meredith jumped out before I could even turn it off. I ran to catch up to her. Her legs are longer than mine, so it's like an endless sprint while walking next to her. She immediately ran into one of the clothing stores that consisted of a lot of dresses. "You should get something too." She smiled while running a hand over a dress.
I looked around the store, scrunching up my nose, "I don't know. I already have a lot of clothes I'll look fine in."
She shrugged, "There's no such thing as too many clothes, Juliet."
She did have a point.
By the time we made it to the second store, Lindy showed up. She was just like Meredith trying to get me to buy things. Lindy did hold up a few things that were cute and I did end up buying a few of them. I found a great pair of black jeans that fit snug around my legs. And a cute small leather jacket I planned on wearing tomorrow night.
Still not sure how we're going to get in, but Meredith said the guy she's meeting will get us in without a problem. This guy seemed sketchy. Meredith doesn't know too much about him except that he's hot and in college. Still sketchy. I don't care how attractive he is.