

-Jack-
She looked as confused as I felt, "Why was Paxton talking about me?"
This memory was different than the rest. It came in flashes and pinched words. I had to piece it together myself and when I did that, it's like a wave of realization. "We were sitting at the diner, I remember that. I don't remember how or why I was there, but I remember being there with Paxton."
Juliet kept her eyes on me as she dropped down on the edge of the bed, "And how was I brought up, Jack?"
I tucked my hands in the pockets of my sweatpants while trying to figure out what to say, "He saw you and then pointed you out to me. He wanted to ask you for your number but I remember stopping him. Then he said some...things that shouldn't be repeated."
Her mouth dropped open.
"I know." I whispered, "I can't remember too much of what I said to him. I told him you would never go out with him because he's definitely not your type. He was surprised that I knew you and I told him you were just the girl that lived next door."
I decided to keep some of what was said to myself. Juliet doesn't need to know how much of a pig Paxton is. Well, she already knows what a giant tool he is.
I can't believe he never mentioned that he was with me that night. I think part of him liked to see me suffer. And that shouldn't surprise me at all. Paxton has always been nothing but selfish. I regret ever becoming friends with him. That's another long story that's too annoying to get into.
Paxton's barely twenty-one. I'll be eighteen at the end of this year. The age gap isn't really ideal. I met Paxton when I just turned fifteen and discovered drinking and partying, of course. Paxton was the one to take me under his wing and show me things I didn't know existed. And ever since Lily died, I've been trying to get away from him. He's hell bent on revenge and he's hell bent on taking me down with him.
So, I guess I can believe he never mentioned that night to me.
Juliet looked down at her hands. I kneeled in front of her, curled my finger under her chin, and tipped her head up, "I'm sorry, Juliet. I never wanted any of this to happen."
"It's not your fault." She said softly, "I'm a bit freaked, but I don't blame you for any of it. You didn't know, Jack."
"I'll make sure nothing ever happens to you."
"Don't worry about me." She kept her tone soft, "Worry about yourself, I'll be fine. It's you I'm worried about."
I gave her the best smile I could, "You don't need to worry about me. There's only so much trouble I can get into here, I told you."
She caressed my face lightly in her hands and searched my eyes, "He hurt you once already..."
My smile fell. I forgot she witnessed the aftermath of that.
Paxton came over that night, completely livid. He wouldn't talk, he just kept mumbling complete nonsense. And when I tried to calm him down, he lunged at me. Punched me anywhere he could. I was basically his personal punching bag that night. It only took him two minutes to realize what he did.
He kept talking about Lily and that's all I remember. And the second I mention her name, it's like setting off a ticking time bomb. I will never fully understand why she's such a touchy subject. I mean, yeah, they were as close as you can get to another person. They were disgustingly in love. It shouldn't be an excuse to act out and hurt everyone around you.