
I got out of Lindy's car after checking if the coast was clear. I ran up to Jack's door, ringing the doorbell as quickly as possible. I took the spare seconds to fix my sundress and tuck a loose strand of hair behind my ear. The hair tucking was a nervous tick, but not making sure my clothes looked okay.
The door barely opened when I rushed inside. "Wow, didn't know you were that excited to see me."
I let go of the breath I had been holding. "Yes, because I'm always so eager to see you." I joked. "We live in the suburbs, surrounded by nosy neighbors. I can't have this get back to my grandparents, remember?"
I followed Jack up the stairs and into his room. "Where are the twins?"
"They went home for a couple of days to see their parents." I turned around to face him. "Why?"
He shrugged, "Just asking."
I turned back to his bed, seeing it scattered with papers and textbooks. "Are my notes actually helping?" I bent over and picked up one of his work sheets. When I straightened back up, I felt Jack's chest lightly against my back.
"Yeah, they are." I felt his breath against my shoulder. He reached over my shoulder and plucked the paper from my hand and took a step back.
I closed my eyes and mentally cursed myself.
I took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. I could still smell him like he's still standing behind me. "Good." I forced out.
Jack appeared in front of me and he sat at the head of his bed in front of all his work. He saw the look of terror on my face, "Please don't make me move all of this."
"I wasn't going to." I lied.
I took my shoes off and climbed on his bed the best I could without giving Jack a show. I tucked my legs under me and grabbed the Chemistry textbook. I opened up to the chapter Jack was working on and I felt his stare. I looked up at him, his eyes studying me. "What?"
"Do you miss your parents?" He asked.
The question caught me completely off guard. I don't know why Jack was concerned with the matter or what even made him ask me that question. "I didn't know them." I answered simply.
Jack's expression softened. "You can still miss them."
I shook my head and looked down at the textbook. "You can't miss a memory."
The silence fell between us only for a few seconds.
I looked back up at him and he was still watching me intently. "Why do you ask?"
"You've been through about as much as I have and you're...I don't know..."
"You're self-destructive, I'm not. You want to rebel against your parents for only god knows what. I may not know you that well, but I do know you'll do anything to push people away and that includes your parents." I paused to register his expression. "I didn't push my grandparents away. I let them help me."