

Jack walked back inside before I got a word out. I was thankful, really. I didn't know what I would even say. I had nothing to say. My mind just went blank. I started back towards my house the same time James was getting out of his car. How convenient. "Looks like I'm not the only one getting home late." He smiled.
Actually smiled at me. And he didn't look like he wanted to rip my head off. "Pretty sure we are getting home late for two different reasons."
"I was just driving around. And I don't have a boyfriend."
I narrowed my eyes at him, confusion contorting my features. And my eyes widened with realization. "Jack? Oh, god, no. Not in a million years."
James laughed, "It doesn't say that when you're leaving his house at almost one in the morning."
I didn't even realize how late it was.
"I'm helping him." I said, my cheeks starting to burn.
"I got that."
"What is with you guys?" I exploded. "I'm helping him with his homework, get your head out of the gutter."
I started walking inside with James right behind me. I directed him to the second guest room that was next to Meredith's room. "There should be clean towels in the bathroom already." I pointed to the door next to his room. "And can you not tell anyone about tonight?" I asked sheepishly.
He smiled a little. "I won't say anything to your grandparents."
"Thank you."
"I'm sorry about earlier as well. Things have been..."
"I understand." I commented with a sad smile. I remembered what Meredith told me and I guess I could understand. I felt bad for them.
"Goodnight, Juliet."
"See you in the morning."
James sent a nod in my direction and I went down the hall to my room. My mind was on overload. I couldn't get Jack's response out of my head. I don't know? How the hell do you not know? I expected for him to at least say he didn't do it.
But he did neither.
I didn't know there was a third option.
I struggled to turn my brain off when I got into bed. I tossed and turned, trying to decode Jack's response. One simple sentence. I'm definitely over thinking this and I definitely don't want to go back over there.
When I woke up the next morning, I didn't remember even falling asleep. I dreaded getting up and going downstairs. I didn't want to face the day. I just wanted to lay in bed and not do anything. But of course, the day has different plans for me. I got out of bed and did what I had to in the bathroom. I tied my hair into a ponytail and changed into a pair of shorts and a t-shirt.
I dragged myself downstairs, everyone was already awake and eating breakfast. James and Meredith were mid-laugh when I came into the kitchen. Knowing it was from one of my grandpa's stories. He did like to over-exaggerate.
"Little bug, you're awake." My grandpa grinned.
I gave him the best smile I could and leaned over to kiss the top of his head. "Good morning, Grandpa."