
"Are you nervous about tomorrow?" Dad asked.
I shook my head, "Not really." I had really great help.
I looked at my mom, her smile fell into a frown, "I'm sure you'll do great, Jack."
"Yeah, I'm sure." I turned to my dad, "Can I talk to you?"
"Of course."
We left the kitchen, walked through the living room, and into my dad's office located to the left. I closed the doors behind me and walked further into the room. I want to talk to my dad about this before my mom. She'll freak out. My dad will tell me what I need to do. If it's a good idea to tell my lawyer or not, or if it's just digging myself a deeper hole.
We sat on the small couch that was pressed against the far side of his office. I'm not sure why he was the couch, no one comes in here. Unless he secretly takes naps—I'm getting distracted.
He settled back against the couch while I sat on the edge. I'm ready to bolt if I have to, but there shouldn't be a reason to. "It must be serious." He commented.
I swallowed the lump in my throat and nodded, "While you guys were gone, I started remembering. It's like it's coming back in...waves...or blocks, I can't explain it."
Dad raised his eyebrows, "You're sure they're memories and not dreams?"
"Dad," I exasperated, "These were not dreams. I can feel it. I remember hitting my head and how it happened."
He leaned closer, his elbows on his knees, "What else, Jack?"
I went into the full story, telling him about my first wave of a memory. It was blotchy, but I remembered the blood. And then I told him about my one from last night. I mentioned I couldn't make out the guys face and I didn't recognize his voice. "Could this help?" I dropped my voice down to a whisper.
He leaned back with a sigh, "I don't know. It's not much to go on, Jack." He scooted closer to me and placed a hand on my shoulder, "I know you didn't do it. Your mom does too. But we can't risk this right now. Things are starting to come back to you, so maybe it'll all come back. And when that happens, we'll go straight to the lawyer." He squeezed my shoulder, "Don't do anything stupid, please."
"I won't."
He smiled, "I know you, Jack. I was you when I was younger. If I can break my bad habits, you can too." He got up and fixed his suit before walking out of his office and leaving me alone.
Great talk, Dad.
I wanted to believe he had it in my best interest. But nothing they've done has helped me. Yeah, they've kept a roof over my head, but they've done nothing for me mentally.

Today's Tuesday, the last day of my testing. French and Chemistry will be included today, so I help all my studying paid off. I'm confident about it. I did well yesterday, or at least I feel I did. I didn't have as much trouble as I expected.
The two officers followed me inside the school like they did yesterday. It's not like I'm going to run. They had to know that would be stupid of me to do. But they aren't the ones on house arrest.