
He did always get mad when I fell asleep, but there was just something about his voice that was soothing.
I locked the front doors and ventured towards my car parked on the other side of the lot. The thought of getting home was the only thing driving me.
No pun intended.
When I got home, everyone was asleep but Meredith. She sat perched at the end of my bed when I walked into my room with a huge smile on her face. She always had a smile on her face though, so this wasn't surprising at all. What's surprising is actually seeing her. I haven't seen much of her lately, except at dinner.
"How long have you been waiting?" I asked, setting my keys on my dresser and shrugging out of my jacket.
"Only a few minutes." She stood up and walked up to me, "I actually have a huge favor to ask you."
"As long as it's reasonable." I joked.
"Long story short, I met a guy here." She looked like she was about to jump out of her skin. The giant smile didn't leave her face.
"Okay? And what do you want me to do?"
"He invited me to this club downtown on Friday, but I don't want to go alone."
Yikes. "Won't that be...I don't know...a little awkward?"
She shook her head quickly and grabbed my hands, "Not at all. James agreed to go also. But he would only go if you went. You would really be helping me out."
I've been to parties with Lindy, but not a club. How am I even going to get in? I was not about to go searching for someone to make me a fake ID. "Could I invite someone?"
"Of course. Invite anyone you want."
Lindy would love this one. "Then I'll go."
She squealed and threw her arms around me, "Thank you so much. I owe you big time."
And she ran out of my room.
What just happened? I can't believe I just agreed to that. But her and James both have been nothing but kind to me, it's the least I can do for Meredith.
I grabbed one of Jack's t-shirts I had hoarded and took a quick shower. I let the warm water soothe my aching muscles for a few moments, just basking in the feel of the relaxation. When I felt at ease, I got out of the shower and got dressed. I pulled my hair out of its ponytail and shook out my hair. My hair fell in gentle waves down my back as I massaged my sore scalp.
When I felt ready, I grabbed my phone and sat at my window seat. I looked over at Jack's and his room was dark. I pressed Jack's name on my phone and it started ringing. On the third ring, Jack's room lit up. "Hey." Jack's husky voice carried through and a smile touched my lips.
"Were you asleep?"
The curtains opened and he stood there with a matching smile, "Not yet. I was watching some Ghost hunter thing on TV. I just had it on for background noise but actually got into it."
"Maybe that's your calling." I teased, "Jack. The Ghost Hunter."