
Great.
"Juliet!" I heard Michael shout.
Jack's head snapped in his direction, "Is that Michael?"
"Just go sit down, I'll take care of him."
"I'm not leaving you alone with him—"
"Jack." I snapped, "I don't want to start anything, just go sit down and I'll come to you in a minute."
He looked at Michael and then retreated to the opposite side of the diner and sat down. I walked over to Michael's table and one of his friends whistled. I didn't know who it was, but I sent a glare in that general direction before looking down at Michael, "What do you want, Michael?" I said evenly.
"I haven't seen you all summer. Where've you been hiding?"
"Anywhere you haven't been if you can't tell." For the love of dogs, please take a hint.
"I've tried calling you, but you didn't answer—"
"I'm not interested. Leave it alone. I have a boyfriend, I'm not looking for anyone else."
Michael leaned back and looked around me, "That him?" He pointed and looked back up at me.
"Yeah, so leave me alone. Go find another girl you can disappoint."
His smile finally fell.
I didn't say anything else and just walked away. Definitely the wrong time to be dealing with Michael. It's funny how this Michael mess is nothing compared to anything else I have going on.
I slid into the booth across from Jack and he lifted his head. "What'd he want?"
"To be annoying."
I still don't know why I had a crush on him for so long. I never saw him for the person he actually was. Which was a complete tool.
Jack put his head back in his hands and breathed, "I remember a little more of the conversation." He balled his hands into fists over his eyes, "You were only a few tables down, I heard your laugh...I was sitting here and Paxton was across from me. He said something about a hot waitress." He dropped his hands and blinked his eyes when he looked up at me, "He was talking about you. And that's when his language got a bit...colorful to be put it nicely."
The heat rose up to my cheeks, coating them with a blush, "I already want to punch him in his—"
"Get in line."
"Remember anything else? Like why you came here?"
He leaned back further and lightly shook his head, "I do remember taking a cab here, but that's it. Paxton and I didn't really talk about anything that stood out other than you."
"Wow, I feel flattered." I said dryly.
Jack slid out of the booth and offered me his hand. I slid out as well and intertwined our fingers. Michael was watching us as we made our way out of the diner. I was heading for the car but Jack started pulling me in the opposite direction. He pushed the hood off of his head once we made it to the sidewalk.
"Where are we going?" I asked.
"I just want to go for a walk with you." He gave my hand a gentle squeeze.