
I started making my way over to table 7, only to realize it was Michael and his friends. This night just got a lot more interesting. "Juliet!" Michael smiled. "I didn't know you work here."
"You come in here every week. When I'm working." My tone didn't hide my annoyance. "What do you want to drink?"
The four guys in the booth rattled off their drink orders and I went to get them. I took a deep breath, exhaling slowly before walking back to their table.
I spread the drinks out, ignoring Michael's taunting gaze. I kept it professional and simply asked for their food orders and I was off again. It was hard waiting the tables around their table because Michael would make small attempts to talk to me. Not in the mood.
When I brought their food orders to them, Michael caught my wrist before I could retreat. "What?" I hissed.
"Can we talk?" He asked quietly while the other guys had their mouths full.
"I'm working, Michael."
He shook his head. "I know, I mean later."
"I'm closing tonight."
"What about tomorrow?"
I give him an A for effort. I hesitated, but said, "Come at 2."
He gave me a smile, but I didn't return it.
Madison left a few minutes before me, a little unsure if she should stay or not. I assured her it was fine and he finally left.
After I locked up, I got into the car and I felt more relaxed. As long as I've been working here, I still go home sore.
The time was nearly midnight when I got home. I got out of the car and started to head inside when Jack's voice stopped me. "Long day?" He asked. He was sitting in his drive way, leaning back on his hands.
"You can say that." I replied.
"Wanna talk about it?" He called back. "I may act like an asshole, but I have been told I'm a great listener." I could hear the cockiness in his voice.
I shook my head, not sure he could even see me. "Thanks for the offer, but no."
"I give great massages too!"
Part of me wanted to laugh, the other part wanted to slap him. "No thanks. I just want to go to bed. I have an early shift and then I have to be energized to help you. I'm gonna need all the sleep I can get."
"Fine!" He said. "Don't say I never offered."
I couldn't even take him seriously. "Do you ever sleep?"
"Considering that's all I have time for, I don't do it often."
"You should try it. It just might put you in a better mood."
Jack stood up from his seat in the driveway and walked up to his line of thread. "Maybe it'll put you in a better mood."
"Yeah, because talking to you always puts me in a bad one."