
Fifteen minutes later I heard a rumble of footsteps coming down the stairs. I stood up quickly in time for Jack and Paxton to come into the living room. "I thought you would be here later." Jack said. "Sorry about that." He then looked at Paxton, "You can go now." It was a bit harsh, but Paxton grinned.
"Of course. And remember what we talked about—"
"Yeah, whatever." Jack said quickly.
Paxton looked at me with that grin still on his face. "Nice to see you, Juliet. Tell the boyfriend I said hi." He glanced at Jack and walked away.
Once the front door slammed, Jack was the next to walk away from me. I didn't say anything and just followed him. His work was spread out on his bed again and we took the same positions we did Tuesday. He was quiet. He hasn't said a word to me since I saw him in the living room. "Did I do something?"
"No." He said in a flat tone.
I didn't drag it out. We went back to work for what felt like an hour already, but it was only twenty minutes. The clock on Jack's bedside table is moving terribly slow.
Jack all of a sudden dropped his book and it forced me to look up. He was staring at me with such an intensity I felt it burn. "And you're telling me I did nothing wrong?" I snapped before he could speak.
"You didn't tell me you had a boyfriend." His voice was steady.
"What does that have to do with anything?" I tried keeping my voice calm, but I had no idea why this mattered right now.
He let out a sigh and his face relaxed, "I...I almost kissed you that night...and you didn't say anything about a boyfriend."
I felt chills speeding down my spine. Because of the lie I made Paxton believe is coming to bite me in the ass. "Because he doesn't exist."
"I'm confused."
I broke into the story about what happened at the diner that day. I told him Paxton just showed up and James came at the right time. And I also told him that James went along with it. His hardened expression didn't change. "Why didn't you tell me?"
Not what I expected. "Because it wasn't a big deal." I said softly.
"You can't go near him, Juliet." He said firmly. "If you think I'm trouble, you don't know the half of it."
I swallowed the lump in my throat. "Is that supposed to make me feel better?" my tone remained soft but started to shake. "Because it doesn't."
Jack stood up off the bed and came to sit down next to me at the edge. I sat facing the front of his bed and he sat in the opposite direction. He turned his head slightly over his shoulder to look at me. "It's important that you stay away from him." He paused. "If it happens again, tell me."
Jack was sitting too close and it was intoxicating. "I will." Not exactly sure what he could do, but it was reassuring.
He looked away from me when he spoke again. "Would you have let me?" He asked and finally looked my way.
"Let you do what?"