
The head injury didn't add up to me when I was in the hospital. It was stupid, I guess. But when I woke up, I had no idea what happened. I didn't remember the blood or the guy with his hands around my neck. And when I was ready to go home, I had police officers waiting for me with handcuffs.
None of that made sense until now.
"Jack." Juliet's fingers trailed over my temple, "That means it wasn't you."
But there are things that are still blurry and don't make any sense at all. Like what happened before all of that? Why was I there? None of that is making any sense. "I know it wasn't."
Juliet's lips were on mine in a heartbeat. I lifted my hand into her hair, letting my fingers get lost. She pulled back and leaned her forehead against mine, "You're going to get out of this. You're not going anywhere."
"I'm not going anywhere." I smiled and tilted my chin up to kiss her again.
There are still things I need to figure out. Like finding out who was with me that night since I can't remember. And of course, none of my 'friends' have contacted me since I got in trouble. I need to find out who the guy was. I couldn't make out his face in my haze. He's still out there, probably laughing at my face on the news.
Juliet curled against my side, her face against the side of my head. She kissed my temple and sighed, "I was so scared." She whispered, "But things are going to be okay. Most importantly, you're going to be okay."
It was weird having someone care this much for me. Especially since Madison. They remind me a lot of each other, but Madison wouldn't argue the way Juliet does. Juliet takes what I feed her and throws it back. She doesn't take any of my crap. And I needed someone like Juliet.
Every time I talk to her, I want to tell her everything. Not just about my case, but everything about me. I want her to know everything. And I'm just grateful she's been around when no one else was.
I held her close like I didn't want to let go.
Because I didn't.
She was breathing softly, in even timed breaths. I knew she had fallen asleep. I fell asleep shortly after, and for once, it didn't take too much effort.
I woke up hours later to Juliet stirring a little beside me. We were tangled together again. She nudged her face against my neck and kissed the sensitive spot right below my ear. I smiled to myself and tightened my hold on her.
"Good morning." She said softly from her spot.
"It's nice to finally wake up with you here."
She laughed, "I told you I didn't plan on getting up before you. But living with the elderly, you're always up early."
"I'm glad I wasn't alone last night."
Juliet lifted her head, her face barely hovering over mine, "I told you. You're not going to go through this alone. I promise you that."
I leaned on my elbows to kiss her, but she jerked back. She started laughing and backed off the bed, "Morning breath."