
"I'll be waiting downstairs."
My grandparents were still sleeping, which I guess was good. I was afraid my grandma went to check on me last night and I wasn't there. I guess I didn't really think about that...maybe I got lucky and she chose last night to not check on me.
James graced me with his presence a few minutes later. His hair was messy, but it looked good on him. He looked a little more refreshed, but sleep was still visible under his eyes, "I can't believe you woke me up this early."
"It's nine. Not that early."
"It is when you didn't get home until three."
I pushed out my bottom lip playfully, "Cry me a river."
He was fighting a smile, but let it surface anyway, "You're lucky I like you."
I grinned at him and walked outside to his car.
We didn't really know where to go. So we just drive around until we found a good spot for breakfast. It was a small place owned by a local family. I've only been here a couple of times with my grandparents. But the food was good and James liked it too. We talked and ate. I didn't want to bring Jack or my dad up, so I avoided any of those topics. James didn't ask anyway, so I think he knew.
After we ate, we went further into the city. We stopped at a bookstore and I got more books than I should have. I think I have the right to treat myself even though I should probably be saving my money.
Who am I kidding?
"Getting bored yet?" I turned my head over my shoulder to glance at James and back ahead of me so I didn't run into anything.
Soon, he was walking next to me, "Actually, no. It's kind of interesting to watch."
I stopped walking and turned to him, "Interesting?"
"You're kind of like a kid in a candy store."
The stack of books in my arms was getting too much, so I handed them to James, "Then I need more candy."
We went to a few more shops, even ones James wanted to go to. He only wanted to go to a video game store, but I wasn't complaining. I think this is what it would be like if I dragged an older brother everywhere.
Or boyfriend.
Then I started thinking about Jack. How would he act? Would he tolerate my hours on end in a bookstore?
Maybe.
I'd go anywhere Jack wants to go.
The day was slowly coming to end. Mostly because we were getting tired. James more than me though. But it was fun. We laughed and didn't talk about anything that may upset us. I know his parents are a sensitive subject as well, so we avoided anything to do with parental.
We got home mid afternoon and he helped me carry in my books, "Such a gentleman." I fluttered my eyes at me teasingly and he let out a laugh. He walked up to my room and dropped on my bed after putting my bags by my desk.
"Was there a reason you wanted to go out today?" He kept his gaze to the ceiling, a hand on his chest.