
"I was only in the kitchen and the living room." I didn't mentioned going upstairs. It's not likely they were up there anyway.
We checked the kitchen and found nothing. We made our way into the living room where two people were passed out on the couch. One was kind of hanging off of it. It felt like a scene from a movie. I didn't know people actually got this drunk.
"Juliet!" Lindy called from the other side of the living room.
I walked over to her and she held up a set of keys. I almost screamed. "Now let's get out of here." And we practically ran out of the house.
I thought Lindy was going to fall over when we got back to my house. She was still completely hung over, but it was always entertaining. And I always took care of her. What are friends for?
I made a whole pack of bacon and a mountain of pancakes. I can't cook as well as my grandma, but I can manage without burning the house down. We sat, we ate, and talked about last night's party. I told her about walking in on Michael making out with someone else and she slammed her fork down. "That weasel! He practically begged me to get you there and he did that?" She lifted her fork again. "Oh, is he going to hear from me."
"You know what's weird? I didn't even care. I've been obsessing over him since I don't even know, and seeing that, it felt like a weight off of my shoulders because now I know how much of a tool he really is."
Lindy frowned. "I'm sorry. He didn't deserve you anyway." She turned her frown into a grin. "What about the poster boy for trouble over there?" She jerked her thumb towards the McKinnon's.
I snorted. "Not my type. And my grandparent's would have my head if they knew I spent the night there last night."
She shrugged her shoulders. "Why would they kill you?"
"Oh, I don't know. Maybe it's because he's on house arrest because they think he murdered someone?"
She still didn't look phased. "Did he do it?"
"How would I know? Clearly there's a reason he's a suspect."
"Yeah, I guess. But he's not the only suspect."
"He's the main suspect, Lindy."
She let out an annoyed sigh. "Okay, you have a point. I wouldn't want you dating someone who could have murdered someone." Lindy. Always so sincere.
I filled a plate with the extra bacon and pancakes and wrapped it up. "I'm going to bring these over to Jack, at least it's somewhat of a thank you."
She grinned. "Don't like him, huh?"
A shower was definitely in the cards before I did anything. I left Lindy alone with a stack of magazines and took a quick shower. I slipped on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and pulled my dark hair back into a ponytail. I checked the time on my clock and it was almost noon. I'll probably feel bad if I wake him up. But it'll be payback for being an asshole last night.
I grabbed the plate from the counter and made my way over to Jack's. My grandma would kill me if she knew all of this. She told me to stay away and I didn't have any intentions on coming over here anyway. But under some circumstances, this was a last resort and my grandma won't even have to know because I don't plan on coming back this way anytime soon.