
As for my parents…they aren’t around anymore.
My mom died moments after she gave me life. I never got to know her, but my grandma, which is her mom, said she was wonderful. Light of life. But sometimes she was sick. Grandma had told me that once. My mom was told she wouldn’t be able to have kids, but she couldn’t live with the thought of not having any children. She was stubborn when it came to adopting.
We don’t talk about my dad.
Three years after my mom had passed, he couldn’t stand the sight of me. I don’t remember it, but Grandma said it was terrible. He would leave me at my grandparents, only coming to get me several days later and reeked of whisky. One day he just left me and never came back. I still wonder if he ever did love me. Or if he hated me because I looked just like my mother. I wonder if he was even alive.
I’m happy where I’m at. I have a few friends, good grades, and a college lined up next fall. The college was close, I was too afraid to be too far from my grandparent’s because of their age. I’m the only person that can take care of them. They’re all I have left.
My mind skipped from memory lane to present day. I pulled out a pair of pajama shorts and a tank top to change into. I pulled my shirt over my head, ignoring the fact that I accidently left my curtains opened. I walked to my window with a view to Jack’s room. His light was on, but I didn’t see him. I was kind of relieved because I’m not about to put on a show.
I stepped into the bathroom to change into my shorts and wash my face. I tied my hair into a messy knot at the top of my head and walked back into my room. I stepped in front of my bookshelf, scanning until I spotted a book I haven’t read yet. I plucked it off of the shelf and sat down in my window seat. I pulled my blanket up to my waist and leaned back.
A shadow across the way pulled me from my book fifteen minutes later. I slowly turned my head to the McKinnon’s and Jack was in his room now. He was pacing back and forth while he was on the phone. I couldn’t hear what he was saying, but I assumed it wasn’t good by the way he was grabbing at his hair like he wanted to yank it out.
He stopped pacing and looked up.
I looked away too fast I almost got whiplash.
I could feel his stare. The tops of my cheeks burned like they’ve been licked by fire.
Out of the corner of my eye, I could still see him. I know he saw me staring and it only made this situation more awkward. Maybe I should give him a show so he wouldn’t remember any of this. But that thought sizzled as quickly as it came. The idea was horrendous.
The weight of his stare was gone. I took the small chance to look. He laid in his bed, one arm folded behind his head and the other still held the phone pressed to his ear.
2 A.M. seemed like a bad idea. My eyes were heavy and my neck ached from sitting in the same position. Jack was still awake and more alive than ever. I wonder if the kid even sleeps. One minute he was reading a book, the next he was playing video games. Talk about a vacation.
I finally closed my book after placing a book mark in it. I stood up and stretched my arms over my head. Without even looking, I felt Jack staring at me. I turned around, grabbing the book from the bench and looked up to meet Jack’s eyes. I didn’t know what to do, so I just awkwardly waved. The raise of his eyebrow was hard to miss.