
Maybe I was scared. I am a wimp.
"I brought my notes I took last year, they should be able to help you." I said. I pulled out four notebooks and sat them down on the desk. "I know we went to different schools, and if anything, these should help you more. They helped Lindy."
He took the first notebook off the top that was labeled French. "I don't even know why I chose French." He mumbled, picking at his bottom lip. "Thought it was an attractive language."
I let out a small laugh. "An attractive language? I guess you can put it that way."
Jack pulled out a few folders from his backpack and sat them down on the desk. "I have too many worksheets to count. I've been working on the others, but I looked at the worksheets for Chem and French and I don't even know where to start."
For a moment, I forgot who Jack actually was. That he's not on house arrest for being a suspect in a murder case. And that he's just the boy next door that needs help with homework. But he's not and I need to put that idea out of my head. "Did you do it?" I blurted. I closed my eyes tight, instantly regretting letting the words slip out.
Jack's laughter was nothing less of surprising. I opened my eyes to find him laughing at me. Actual gut wrenching laughing. "What's so funny?" I asked, feeling more stupid by the second.
He leaned back in his chair, holding his hands up in defense. "Just kind of surprised me, I guess."
"That's what you meant last night, right?"
He narrowed his eyes at me and leaned forward. "Why does it matter?"
"What do you mean?" I spoke slowly. The mischievous glint in his eyes were nothing less of unsettling.
"It wouldn't matter. No matter what I say to you, you wouldn't believe me."
"That doesn't answer my question." I said firmly. "And what makes you think I wouldn't believe you?"
He smiled again, which I think was even more unsettling. "What would make you any different?"
"Don't answer my question with a question." I grounded.
"You have a weakness for people like me. People that can't help themselves. That's why you're here, right? Because my mom made you feel guilty. You don't even care what I did."
His words made my chest tighten because he was right. "I'm the only person that's willing to help you and you're being an ass."
"Then leave. Nothing is keeping you here."
I should keep my pride and collect my things and walk out. But I didn't. I sat there, glaring at Jack, plotting ways that I could hit him and get away with it. "I said I would help you, so that's what I'm going to do." I said calmly in a small voice. "If you want me to leave, I'll go."
His expression softened. He opened his mouth to speak, but he snapped it shut.
"Then we should get started." I tore my gaze away from his and grabbed the chemistry text book. Jack was still quiet. I haven't decided if that's a good or a bad thing.
Jack didn't talk much after that. He asked questions relating to the work and that was it. I didn't bring it up again and he didn't offer. He was actually cooperating. I didn't have to yell at him like he thought I would. Maybe get mad, but not actually yell. I watched him work, his profile hardening when he didn't get something.