
The front door slammed shut and it made me jump.
James looked up at his sister and his expression softened, "I'm sorry-"
"No." She grounded, "You don't get to apologize." She swiped the tears away from her eyes.
James took a step towards her, "Mere, I'm just trying to protect you. I told you what he's done and who he is."
"I don't believe you."
"It's true." I said before James could speak, "He's bad news, Meredith. Jack's told me some things about him before. He's no good at all. James just wants to protect you. Don't get mad at him."
She crossed her arms over her chest and stood straighter, "You're really with Jack? Not my brother?"
"I'm sorry we lied to you."
"I just want to be left alone." She dropped down on her bed and bowed her head.
I tugged on James's hand, but he didn't budge. He wanted to say something to Meredith. I tugged on his hand again and he finally let me pull him out of the room. I brought him back to his room. I didn't say anything yet. I wasn't really sure what to say to him exactly. I know nothing I say will make the situation better. I don't' think there's really anything you could say to make this situation better.
James lowered himself to the foot of his bed and put his head in his hands. I lingered close to him, not sure what else to do. I sat down next to him, closer to the corner of the bed. "She won't be mad at you forever."
He lifted his head and stared at the open door, "You don't know my sister."
"You're protecting her. She'll realize that."
"I hope so."
Work the next day was a complete drag. It was slow and I was worried all day about Jack. He had an appointment with his lawyer sometime today and he said he was going to tell them about his memories. His dad gave him the green light to tell his lawyer. I just hope it helps. He hasn't called and I've tried texting him but got no reply.
I was in a hurry to clock out when my shift was over. I checked my phone one more time to check for messages before getting in the car and heading home. A car was still missing in the driveway of the McKinnon house and I knew they weren't home yet. That made me nervous. They've been gone at least five hours. I wonder if that's how long they usually last. Or maybe Jack remembered everything.
The only person home was James, which was odd. His car was in the driveway, but Meredith was nowhere to be found. I walked through the family room and James lifted himself out of the pool. I opened up the sliding glass door and walked back out into the summer heat. "Hey, where's Meredith?"
He ruffled his hand through his wet locks, "I took her home."
"She let you take her home? And you didn't stay with her?"
James grabbed the towel that rested on one of the loungers and started drying himself off, "She's leaving with my mom tonight to go back to New York for the rest of the summer. I didn't want to go." He draped the towel over his shoulders and looked at me. The sun highlighted his eyes, almost making them glow.