
"Scared. I know." His hard expression softened a bit, "I am too."
This came as a surprise to me, "About what?"
"Everything." He avoided my eyes again, "From you to the idea of not knowing what's about to happen to me. Maybe I need more help than what you can give me, Juliet. I'm glad you've been around. You seem to be the only person not running away from me." He laughed a little. "But sometimes, I wish you would." His eyes bore into mine and now I was having trouble keeping a steady gaze.
"I'm not going anywhere." I whispered.
It took Jack by surprise, I think. But the shocked look turned into a frown tugging on his lips, "I want that to be a good thing. I don't want to drag you down with me."
Still didn't help how I felt. "Can I ask what happened that night?"
He tilted his head, scanning my face, "I just told you I'm not dragging you into this, so I'm not telling you anything." He leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest.
I leaned further towards him, "It's too late for that, don't you think?"
Now he was leaning in further, "Not at all." He smirked, "I'm not telling you anything. And it's going to stay that way."
"This honesty thing works better both ways." I commented.
"And I have been nothing but honest. I'm choosing not to tell you something. That's not lying. It's just not sharing."
I glared at him and he laughed. But his laughter faded and he turned serious again, "I'm keeping you out of this for your own good, Juliet."
I realized something in that moment. I leaned back in my chair again, putting together roaming thoughts, "You really don't know, do you? You have no idea what happened that night. If you did it or not."
Jack looked like he was caught with his hand in the cookie jar, "If I knew, I wouldn't be in this mess." The sharpness in his tone sent chills down my spine. It definitely didn't go unnoticed. "Just pretend I'm just the loser next door that can't do his homework."
But he's not.
Well, he can't do his homework.
He's more than just the boy next door.
"What did you say?" Jack asked, snapping me out of my thoughts.
I just stared at him like a deer in headlights, "I didn't say anything." Oh, god, did I seriously say that out loud? Burry me now, because I just dug myself a really deep hole and there's no coming out of it.
"You said I'm more. What does that even mean?"
Okay, good. He was confused. "Ignore me. Let's just get to work." I swallowed the lump that formed in my throat and attempted to get the book in front of Jack. But his fingers around my wrist stopped me. "Juliet."
Why did I always have to go weak when he said my name?
I squeezed my eyes closed, "I was thinking out loud. Ignore me." I repeated. I finally opened my eyes to meet his. I really shouldn't have.