
-Juliet-

Jack's body jerked under my arm while he slept and I tightened my arm around him. I nuzzled my face against his neck and kissed his smooth skin. "Jack." I whispered.
He lifted a hand and wrapped his fingers around my forearm, "I'm fine." His voice was strained, almost shaking.
"Was it another memory?" I whispered.
"A small one." He paused, "It was at the bar and everything went white when I left." He spoke softly.
I felt his heart steady against my wrist, "What could be triggering your memories?"
Jack stirred and I loosened my arm from around him. He turned on his back and I lifted my head up on my hand while resting on my elbow. I looked down at him, barely seeing the outline of his sharp jaw in the darkness. The sun was starting to rise; still not much light seeped into the room.
"This may sound...weird, but...I think you're the one triggering my memories. I know it sounds complicated. But I only get them when you're around I've noticed."
I touched his jaw, tracing my finger over his skin, "But your first memory—"
"Wasn't clear until that night you slept over."
Still, that doesn't make sense. There's no way I could've helped Jack remember. I don't know how that's possible. "I don't see how I could trigger them, Jack." I ran my finger along his chin and across the other side of his jaw, "If I triggered them, then I should've a long time ago because we've been seeing each a lot since the beginning of summer. Why would it start happening now and not then?"
He watched me with a steady, yet soft gaze, "I don't know. I'm not saying for sure that it's you, but it makes sense, I guess. I haven't had anything in two days and then all of a sudden?"
I scanned his face, my finger still idly tracing his jaw, "Well you were talking about me in that memory. Maybe that memory alone can trigger the rest."
Jack grabbed my hand, nuzzling his face against my palm, "Maybe." His lips touched my palm, kissing it lightly before dropping my hand against his chest. "I'm guessing you have to go now?"
There was a bit of hesitation before I nodded, "I'm sorry. I'll see you in a few days." I choked on the last word, "But tell me if something happens and I'll be here in a heart beat."
He smiled a little, "Call me before you go to bed. I want to hear your voice."
I returned his smile, "I promise." I tilted my body a little until I was halfway leaning on his chest. My face hovered over his as I met his lips.
So much for that morning breath thing.
He responded without a moment of hesitation.
He pulled me, until I was fully on top of him. I straddled his hips and let my hands travel of the length of his abdomen, feeling the dents and valleys of his sculpted chest under my fingertips. His skin was smooth against my palms. One of his hands wound its way into my hair, the other had a firm grip on my hip.
I pulled my lips away and pressed my forehead against his
"Sure you have to go?" He said, his tone teasing.