
Marie smiled and twisted her hands together, "Can we see him?"
He nodded, "Family only until he wakes up. With the amount of blood he's lost, he could be asleep for a couple of days."
Just knowing he's going to be okay makes me feel lighter.
Marie turned to me when the doctor went back through the double doors, "We'll let you know how he is, okay?"
I nodded, tears threatening to spill out, "Thank you."
She wrapped her arms around my shoulders and pulled me close. I didn't hesitate to hug her back. I hugged her like I would've hugged my mother if she were here. How I always hug my grandma, "Thank you for being here, Juliet."
"Anything for you guys." I took a step back, "If he wakes up, please call me."
She smiled, "Of course. Go home and get some rest."
Jack Sr. smiled at me before taking Marie and leading her through the doors the doctor just went through. I turned around and found James standing close behind with his hands stuck in his pockets. I walked up to him and nudged my head in the direction of the exit, "I'll buy you breakfast."
A smile easily slid on his lips and he threw an arm across my shoulders, "Sounds like a plan."
My grandparents came home Sunday afternoon. I've been thinking of a way to tell them everything all weekend while waiting to get the phone call that he's awake now. I have been getting updates from Marie a few times a day. The doctors say he's healing nicely and should be able to come home a few days after he wakes up.
James has been great when it came to keeping me company. He hasn't left me alone all weekend and I was grateful for that. Now I know what Jack meant by distractions being nice. Every time I was left alone, I'd start crying. Or wanting to cry. I started sleeping on the floor in James's room because of this. Sounds childish.
I planned to tell my grandparents at dinner tonight.
I spent hours on tonight's dinner just to ease them into it, even though I know they're going to know something's up because I never cook by myself.
I set the table and put all the food out. I called my grandparents in from the living room and we gathered around the table. James left a little earlier because I gave him a fair warning. And it would be easier if he weren't here to witness what could turn into world war three.
They both had smiles on their faces when they sat down and started filling their plates. I wanted to wait until they got a little bit of food in their system before I unleash the kraken.
After a few minutes, my grandpa sat her fork down and eyed me, "You're quiet tonight." She stated.
"Yeah, sorry." I looked up from my plate to meet her gaze, "There's something I wanted to talk to you guys about."
They exchanged a look before their gaze fell on me again, "What is it?" Grandpa asked.
"Um, well...I don't know how to put this, I've been trying to think of a way all weekend but I couldn't think of the right words." Their stares were heavy but I continued, "I...I fell in love this summer." Wow, cheesy. But it was the truth. And I think it's probably the best way I could've thought to ease them into it.