
Jacks light brown hair was drenched like he came in from the rain. His black t-shirt clung to his skin, outlining his torso. He used his free hand to push the hair away from his eyes and then that hand was brushing against my cheek. It was a light touch, but it was enough to send a shock through me. I almost thought he was going to kiss me because of how close he was getting.
He tucked a soaked strand of my hair behind my ear and I could still feel the burn of his fingertips against my cheek. "I need to get home." My voice wouldn't rise above a whisper.
Jack snapped back to reality and took a step back, dropping his arm in the process. "Yeah, sorry." He mumbled.
I walked around him before I could do anything stupid like actually kiss him. How dumb would that be, right? But I wanted to in that moment. I wanted nothing more than to feel how warm his lips were or how soft. But I contained that burning feeling and pushed it away.
He met me by the door and by that time, the rain dwindled down to a drizzle. It was safe to go home. A place where my thoughts will be safe except from myself. "Want to know something funny?" I asked.
Jack leaned against the doorframe, a curious look crossing his features. "This should be good."
"We talked a lot about me."
"And?"
"You told me nothing about you." Well, a little.
Jack shrugged. "Is that a problem?"
I hesitated, but shook my head. "I would like to know more about you." I paused. "It's what friends do."
"You don't want to know anything about me." He said softly. "I'm not interesting, I promise you that."
I bit my lower lip and nodded my head. "You're right, not interesting at all." I hope he catches onto my sarcasm. "I'll be asking the questions Thursday. Goodnight, Jack."
He didn't say anything else as I walked away.
It was a weird feeling I had. I wanted to know everything about Jack. I wanted to know what he was thinking about or what he's thought about. It sounds horribly creepy. I just know I probably won't be his friend long enough to find out how his mind works.
And I hate that feeling.

—-
Yay for two updates in a day! Decided the schedule wasn't a good idea because it just didn't even help, hahaha.
I had a lot of fun writing this chapter, honestly...
Hope you guys liked this chapter! Let me know what you think? :)

Song: Fly by Sleeping With Sirens (Still obsessed with this album tbh)