

It's been over a week since my not-so-subtle conversation with Jack. I haven't talked to him and really haven't felt the need to. I've seen him outside, playing basketball or walking around the house in the middle of the night. He's avoided his pool all together after the stunt he pulled cutting his cuff off. Or at least I think that's why he's been avoiding it.
I was sitting on my window seat, reading, when my door slams opened. I jerked my head in the direction of the door, seeing a frantic looking Meredith. "What—"
"Will you talk some sense into my idiot of a brother?"
I stepped down off my seat and walked towards her, "Why? What's he doing?"
"He wants to throw a party and nothing I say will get him to stop. Please talk to him. He's so damn stubborn." She looked like she was about to stomp her foot like a five year old in a toy store.
I ran out of my room, feeling the small bit of anger in me spill out. "Is he insane? That's how he ended up here, he's not going to do that to my grandparents." I ran down the stairs with Meredith following behind me.
"He's out by the pool." She pointed towards the back door.
I wasted no time walking outside and finding James. He was lifting himself out of the pool by the time I made it to him. "Are you insane?"
He turned around to face me, an amused smirk playing on his lips. "A little. Why do you ask?" He plucked the towel from the lounger and attempted to dry himself off.
"You can't throw a party in my grandparents house. I don't even know what made you think you could."
He walked past me and started going back inside. "Don't walk away from me!"
James stopped in his tracks and turned around to face me. "You're so cute when you're angry."
James and I have been getting along since he's been here. But it's more like a friend feeling than anything. And he gets under my skin like any brother would do. I don't feel any attraction to him, even though he's definitely something to look at. But nothing mentally. And he knows that too.
"You're not throwing a party while my grandparents are out of town. They trust you to stay here, don't mess it up." I said as calmly as possible.
He stepped towards me again and I almost thought he was ready to give in. "What they don't know, won't hurt, right?"
"No! You're not—"
"It's only a small get together." He interrupted. "My friends just want to come visit, that's all. Meredith is making it a big deal."
I narrowed my eyes, "And you must think I'm stupid."
"You'll see."
"Famous last words."
He just smiled and tipped his head in my direction before walking inside. Once I cooled down and gathered myself, I walked inside as well to be met by Meredith. "And?"
"There's no stopping him." I muttered with a sigh.
Meredith's lips tipped down into a frown. "I'm sorry, I swear I won't let him do anything stupid."