
I rested my chin on his shoulder when he turned away, "We'll figure it out. You'll get out of this whether you did it or not, Jack."
An easy smile rested on his lips, "You have too much hope for me."
"There's no such thing." I nuzzled my face against his neck and took a deep breath. I could stay here all day.
Jack's arm went around my shoulders and he held me close. We sat in silence, holding each other like we didn't want to let go.
I didn't know his situation was this bad. I didn't know he had blank spots and can't even remember which friends he went out with. I wondered what caused the blank spots because he says he didn't drink enough to completely black out. He'd be stupid to even drink that much.
Someone he was with did something.
Maybe hit him in the head or slipped something into his drink.
He didn't say anything about a head injury and I was too afraid to ask. I was thankful he told me that much. I'm glad he trusted me enough to finally tell me and now maybe I can help somehow. If he forgets, I'll be here to remember. "We'll figure it out."
"We'll figure it out?"
I moved away from his neck and smiled at him, "It's what friends do."
Jack laughed, "We don't do things friends would do."
My cheeks burned from blushing, "True. But I am here to help, remember?"
He bobbed his head, "And tonight's the last night."
I didn't want to think about that. I was happy and sad about it. I lose the excuse to come over here, but when I do come over we don't have to worry about working. It's not like anyone knows. His mom thinks Jack put an end to it and my grandparents don't know.
I don't even want to think about what they would do. Especially my grandma. "We should probably get started and get the work out of the way. Do you think you'll pass?" I stood up and moved to his desk.
"I think so." Jack took his seat next to me and started pulling out the last bit of work that needed to be done. Two worksheets for Chemistry and two for French. These should hopefully be a breeze.
We started working almost immediately. He mainly did all the work on the French worksheets. I only had to help him with a few things. He had more difficulty with Chemistry but we made it through those worksheets. It took longer than expected, but at least they're done.
I made flash cards, hoping to help him a bit more. And it did, I think. He seemed to really catch on to French, not sure how well he'll do with Chemistry. I know he'll pass, I guess I shouldn't worry too much. I think I'll worry about him no matter what.