
I rolled my eyes and laughed, "Guest bathroom right across the hall has an extra tooth brush."
She ran out of the room and across the way to the bathroom. I heard the water running and I got up. I walked into my bathroom and brushed my teeth and took care of other business. I walked back into my room when I was finished and dropped back into bed. I folded my arms under my head and let out a sigh as I stared up at the ceiling.
I could still remember everything last night. All the details were still fresh in my mind and weren't going anywhere. I was going to share this information with my parents when they got home later tonight. I already know they're going to tell me not to say anything. I don't know if that's a good idea
But it's something. It's something that could help me get out of this.
All of it's slowly coming together.
I was brought out of my thoughts when Juliet jumped on the bed and climbed on top of me. She straddled my hips, gripped my face, and kissed me.
I was weak when she kissed me first.
My lips moved effortlessly against hers in a heated motion.
I unfolded my arms from behind my head, setting my hands against her bare thighs. My fingers poked under the hem of her shirt and she gasped against my lips. As she pulled away from me, she bit down on my bottom lip, "What time do your parents get home?" She whispered against my lips.
"Not until tonight."
"Good. You're stuck with me all day."
Not that I have a problem with that.

Juliet wanted to watch a movie, so that's what we ended up doing. Being on house arrest leaves you to limited things to do. It sucks I can't take her anywhere, but I don't think she minds. Still, I hate that. Hopefully that will be changing soon.
My phone buzzed on the bedside table and I reached over to grab it. I had a new message from my mom. I opened it up and my heart fell. "They're five minutes away." I mumbled to Juliet.
"What?" She jumped up, "What time is it?"
"It's barely two. They're early."
She pulled the shirt I let her borrow over her head and tossed it aside.
My eyes widened as I got out of bed, "What—"
She smiled at me, grabbed her dress, and put it on, "No time for modesty." She ran up to me and threw her arms around my neck, "Good luck tomorrow and Tuesday. I'll come over Tuesday night, maybe we can celebrate." She stood on her toes and kissed me quick.
"Can't wait." I kissed her again and she left.
Two minutes after Juliet left, I heard the front door open and my mom's voice. I threw on a shirt and walked down stairs. My mom was in the kitchen and my dad beside her. She smiled when she saw me, "Hi, Honey." She walked up to me and hugged me. She kissed my cheek and stepped away.
It wasn't odd for my mom to be affectionate at all. I know she loves me, and I know my dad does too even if he doesn't show it often. They hate the way I am and the choices I've made. Maybe my acting out is a weak excuse for a cry for help. I was pathetic in many ways.