
I couldn't help the laugh that spilled out, "Good one."
He smiled at his pun. He was quite proud of it. Surprised he didn't crack that one sooner to be honest. "I would climb up to your bedroom window just so that I could kiss you."
I wrapped an arm around his shoulders, "Well lucky for you, you don't have to do that."
"I'm saying I would though."
I nodded, "I know." I stood on my toes and left a small kiss on his lips, "I just...my grandma has already told me countless times to stay away from you. If she finds out before I can tell her, she'll flip out and then I definitely won't be able to see you again. So if I explain everything, our situation, and how we feel, I can convince her." Or she'll be even madder because I lied to her.
Jack brushed his thumb across my cheek, "I don't want to make things difficult between you guys. I told you I'm not worth the trouble."
"You are. If you haven't noticed, I was here with you when my grandma came over. Clearly I would get in trouble for you."
He leaned down towards me, his lips just an inch above mine, "All this talk about trouble and you haven't caused any yet."
Then I remembered a line he told me when he had me blocked in the pantry, "Just being here with you can get me in all kinds of trouble."
He smiled and I knew he remembered, "Then let me get you in more trouble."
"Not possible."
He tilted his head, moving his index finger under my chin, "Sure about that?"
"I think we have different definitions of trouble, Jack." I laughed a little.
He shook his head, "Not right now we don't."
My breath hitched in my throat and he noticed, "You don't know what I'm thinking about." I fired.
The corner of his lips turned up into a crooked smirk, "Want to bet?"
I scanned his face, "No...but thanks for the offer."
"Tell me what you're thinking about and I'll tell you what I'm thinking about."
I raised a brow out of curiosity, "I don't need you to tell me something I already know."
"So you know I'm thinking about the little wrinkle you get here—" He rubbed his finger between my eyebrows, "when you're confused."
I swatted his hand away and he laughed. I rubbed the spot where his hand previously, "Are you making fun of me?"
"Of course not." He took my hand away from my head and caressed my face in his hands, "It's insanely adorable." He leaned in, pressing his lips to the space between my eyebrows and I instantly relaxed. He moved his lips down, kissing the tip of my nose. His lips brushed over each of my cheeks, leaving small kisses on his way down to my chin. I felt his breath against my lips as he kissed each corner of my mouth, kissing my bottom lip, and finally kissing me.
It's weird how quickly our conversations can change. And no matter what, they ended the same. Him kissing me, or the other way around. It's not a bad thing at all, either. I couldn't get enough of him in more ways than one. I need his conversations, his comfort, and his burning kisses. I just needed him in more ways than I've needed anyone before.