
"And you know him, too? Who knew you liked to hang out with the bad guys." I saw the smirk on his face from the corner of my eye.
I leaned my head against the window and let out a sigh. "Not a fan of Paxton."
"He seemed to be a fan of you." He laughed. "You've got Michael, Jack, and now Paxton? Seems like you have a lot of fans."
I lifted my head up from the window and looked at him. I scrunched up my nose, "None of them are like that. So, maybe I had a little crush on Michael." Little was an understatement. "But Jack, never in a million years. And I just met Paxton yesterday and I don't like him—Wait, I don't have to explain myself to you."
"It was just a joke, Juliet. Calm down." He paused. "And maybe I meant it as a compliment."
I felt the blood rush to my cheeks, "Thanks I think?"
James laughed again.
Our conversation was cut short when he pulled into the diner parking lot. I thanked him before getting out. He told me he would be here to pick me up at the end of my shift. I walked inside just in time for the lunch rush, like always. Just in time for any rush.
I walked straight to the back to clock in and get my things I needed. I tied the apron around my waist and placed the order pad in the front pocket. When I walked back through the double doors to enter the dining area, I heard Jack's name. I looked at the TV located above the bar and saw the news from just a couple of hours ago.
The whispers going around the people at the bar made me nervous.
"That kid's no good." And older woman whispered to a group of her friends. "Wouldn't surprise me if he did do it." The group of women burst out laughing like it was the funniest thing they've heard all week.
Anger was bubbling up inside me and I couldn't figure out why. They know nothing.
I don't either, but it doesn't give them room to judge.
I walked right by them and headed for my first table. It was another table that consisted of women, but younger. Women that looked like they worked in an office all day. And of course, they had Jack's name in their mouths too. "That McKinnon boy is nothing but trouble. I wondered how long it would take—"
I cleared my throat to interrupt. "What can I get you?" I tried to hide my sour tone, but she wasn't having it.
They rattled off their drink orders and their food orders as I wrote them down. I bit my tongue to keep from saying anything. I walked back to the kitchen to place their food orders and retrieved their drinks. I brought them to their table and walked away as quick as possible.
I was relieved when my next table was a small out of town family just visiting for the week. They had giant smiles on their faces and I had to force one to match. Today just wasn't a good day.

Jack's story played throughout the day. My shift was dreadful and full of judgmental people. I didn't snap at any of them, thankfully. I didn't want to lose my job over Jack. None of these people knew him, they know what the news has told them. But then again, I don't know him as well as I feel I do. I feel defensive over Jack and I don't know why.