
"Ha-ha, you're hilarious."
"I know." I let out a dramatic sigh, "So, what are we reading tonight?"
He looked to his left and picked up a small book on his bedside table, "Feeling a classic, so I picked nineteen eighty-four by George Orwell. I'm sure you already knew that though."
I nodded, but I didn't know if he could see, "Read it my freshman year and probably a million times after that. I give you points for your choice."
He laughed lightly, "I'm pretty sure you're the reason I read it. I saw you with it all the time. I like being curious." He held the book up to the window, "I've completely worn out my copy."
"I have an extra copy I can give to you."
"That'll give you an excuse to come see me then." I could see the smirk tugging on his lips from here.
"I'm all yours Friday."
"You're mine seven days a week." He said softly.
I turned away when I felt the blush creeping up my neck and I didn't know what to say. Sometimes he would say things like this and it made me feel...I can't explain it. But I get flustered and I can't say anything because I'm afraid of mumbling and stumbling over my words.
"I can still make you blush even from all the way over here."
I looked out my window again, "I miss you already."
"This house arrest thing is a bigger fun sucker than you are." His tone turned to teasing and I didn't have to see him to know he was smiling.
A smile easily slid on my lips, "I'm gonna take that as a compliment."
Conversations like this are what I live for. They seem so simple, and normal. Like he's the boy next door I have a huge crush on and I want to talk to him for hours. But of course, our situation isn't that simple. Hopefully it will be soon. And I'm counting the days.
"Get comfortable."
I pulled my blanket up to my waist and snuggled against the pillows behind me. I closed my eyes as Jack started reading. I envisioned him next to me. His fingers toying with mine in a playful dance. His steady breathing and heartbeat to match.
Maybe that's why I always fell asleep.
It took me two hours to fall asleep to the sound of Jack's voice tonight. Which is a record. The last thing I heard him say was "Good night, beautiful." before I fell into a deep, dreamless sleep.
The house was quiet when I woke up the next morning. I assumed everyone was gone. Or my grandparents are already out in the yard working. I got out of bed and did my daily routine before sitting at my desk. I slowly pulled the drawer open and carefully plucked the letter from the top.
Even though it was paper, it felt heavy in my hands. Heavy with the words my dad wasn't able to tell me in person.
I opened the top and pulled out the neatly folded piece of stationary paper. I took a deep breath and exhaled slowly to prepare before I unfolded it. The letter was long. It read:
