
I didn't break down and just start crying like I wanted to.
My chest tightened with anxiety and I couldn't catch my breath. And when I couldn't breathe, I panicked.
The sound of the elevator helped my breathing a tad. James helped me to my feet and helped me onto the elevator. Once the doors closed, I slumped against the wall and put my face in my hands.
He didn't come after me.
And I was thankful for that.
We were off the elevator the moment the doors opened. I pushed past the guests trying to get on and took off again with James behind me. I hiked up my dress, thinking that could help me.  It did. I pushed through the spinning door and down the long steps, almost falling at the last one.
James was beside me again, taking my hand gently. I took a deep breath as James asked the valet to call for the car. He nodded and stepped away for a moment. James didn't say anything and neither did I. I was afraid if I spoke I would start crying and not be able to stop.
Our driver pulled up and the valet opened our door. I was in first and James was in beside me. The second the door closed, the driver pulled out of the hotel. A big wave of relief washed over me the further we drove away. And I couldn't wait until I got home.
It was hard to comprehend I just talked to the man that left me when I was only three. Three years old. I could barely count my fingers, let alone fend for myself. What was I supposed to think when he left? When my grandma told me he wouldn't be coming back when I cried for him? He had no consideration.
He says he went away to better himself. I'm sure he did. He seemed really well off. But it didn't take him fourteen years. Fourteen years I made myself believe he was dead and he would never come back for me. Thinking he was dead made it all hurt less. It never did stop hurting. It hurt to know the only person you had didn't even want you.
I had no reason to give him another chance. He didn't deserve it in my eyes. And I hope I never see him again.
James kept to himself on the ride home and I did too. I know he wants to say something. I felt his stare every few seconds to make sure I was okay. And I wanted to tell him I was, but I wasn't. I wasn't prepared for that.
There was no way I could've prepared myself for that.
The closer we got to home, my chest tightened again and tears burned my eyes. I tried taking a deep breath, but chocked on a sob. I covered my mouth quickly and looked out the window. Just hearing myself made it harder.
The tears started the moment the driver pulled into my driveway. I don't know why I just couldn't wait until I was in the safe confines of my own bedroom to cry my eyes out.
James got out and came to my side. He opened the door and opened his arms for me. He placed a hand under my legs, another on my back and lifted me from the car. I put my hands over my face and cried. "Juliet." James whispered again, but it was muffled from my sobs.
"I-don't-understand." I said between sobs.