
I walked to my house and up the stairs to my room. I was thankful it was still early because no one was awake yet. And that means they don't know I was gone from three in the morning until now.
I still felt Jack around me as I stepped into my room. I looked down at my clothes, noticing I was still wearing Jack's shirt. I couldn't find the will to take it off. So I just climbed in my bed and buried myself beneath my blankets. I shouldn't have gone there last night. I should've stayed in my own bed.
I shouldn't have kissed him back.
Sleep took over again, but it wasn't long before James was waking me up. I didn't want to move and face the light of day. I wanted to wallow in my room alone. "Don't you have work today?" James asked.
"Yeah." I croaked. "But I'm calling out."
"Are you sick?"
"Tired." I mumbled and threw a blanket over my head.
I felt the bed dip beside me and I removed the blanket from my face long enough to look at him. "Well, you should be happy to know that Meredith is already gone to meet some friends."
"And you're going to spend another day inside?" I couldn't help but smile a little.
"She likes going out during the day, I like going out at night. And besides, you're here now to keep my entertained."
I buried my face in my pillow, "You're a child."
"I already have a pile of movies waiting, so get up."
I moved my head to look at him again, "You're seriously staying home all day?"
He shrugged, "Not much else to do."
"I'll be down in a minute."
James didn't say anything else and walked out of my room.
I waited a bit before getting out of bed and walking to my bathroom. I brushed my teeth and too the braid out of my hair. I put that mess into a ponytail and walked downstairs. Before I went into the living room, I walked into the kitchen to find my grandparents. They sat at the breakfast table, my grandpa with a newspaper and my grandma on her laptop. "Good to see you up." Grandma smiled.
I returned the smile and kissed the top of her head, "It's good to see you guys are actually home."
"Probably not for long. There's an auction that your Grandpa wants to go to. So we'll probably leave soon." She eyed me for a moment. She glanced at the fridge and back to me, "Your schedule says you work today. Everything okay?"
"Just not feeling well, Grandma."
She gave me a smile and a pat of the arm, "We all need days off."
Of course I had to agree.
I walked into the living room and James was already prepared. Not sure what the first movie is that we would be watching, but it's not like I'll be able to concentrate on it anyway. "Do you want to tell me what's really bothering you?" I didn't think James even noticed I wasn't paying attention to the movie. Last I checked he was really into it.
"I'm fine." I said flatly and kept my eyes on the screen.