
I hesitated, but nodded. "Uh, yeah."
James and Meredith. They were always a pain in the ass when we were kids. They've been friends of the families since I can't even remember. I haven't seen them since we were like, twelve. The company my grandpa used to work for was owned by their parent's. And now that I think about it, it was kind of odd they were here right now after almost six years...
James was definitely attractive. Dark hair, pale blue eyes that reminded me of stormy ocean waters. Meredith wasn't much different. Except she had blonde hair now. She was still drop dead gorgeous. Puberty hit both of them with a brick. "Hi, Juliet!" Meredith piped, bringing me into an unexpected hug. "I'm glad we get to spend the summer together."
"What?" I blurted, not really meaning to.
She pulled away, a smile still on her face. "Our parents are traveling for the summer on some business. Your grandparent's offered for us to stay with you guys while they're gone."
"We could've stayed by ourselves." James said flatly.
Meredith spun on her brother. "Well if you didn't get caught throwing that stupid party, you could've stayed home."
James rolled his eyes and focused on me. "What do you do for fun in the suburbs anyway?"
"Um—"
"Why don't we get dinner started?" Grandma interjected and I was grateful. Like they need to be reminded that I don't know the definition of fun.
I couldn't tell if Meredith was just being nice or she had another motive.
After dinner, James stormed off somewhere. He was just really happy to be here. Meredith stayed behind to watch a movie with me. It was her recommendation and her choice of movie. If Lindy could see me now. "Sorry about James." She mumbled. "Ever since our parent's got divorced, he's been a real pain in the butt."
"I thought they were on business?"
She nodded. "They still run the company together. Dad moved out and we live with our mom. Neither one of them are ever home, so it doesn't matter."
"I'm sorry."
She smiled weakly. "It's okay. We knew it was going to happen. It just hit James harder."
Trying to sneak out of the house was hard. I threw my backpack out my window while Meredith was in the bathroom. When she came out, I told her I was just gonna go for a walk. "This late?"
"Yeah, it helps me sleep." I lied quickly.
She just shrugged. "Well, be careful. I'll see you in the morning."
"What about James?"
She shrugged her shoulders again. "He'll probably be back soon."
"Okay, well see you in the morning."
I just smiled and we both left my room. I waited for her to go into the guestroom before making my move downstairs.
I got out of the house with no problem because everyone was asleep. I retrieved my bag from the side of the house and ventured towards the McKinnon's. To my surprise, Jack was already waiting outside. "You're late." He smirked.