
Smiling.
At me.
He didn't seem mad. And he hasn't told me to leave and never talk to him again. He looks much better than he did last night, that's for sure. The bruises on his face were still there, but they've faded a bit. Maybe they weren't as bad as I thought they were. "Didn't think you'd actually be back." He said as he closed the door behind me.
He reappeared in front of me, "I said I would, and here I am."
"Good." He continued to smile, and I guess I should be happy, but it was starting to freak me out.
I didn't say anything while we walked up the stairs. I thought maybe I'd let it play out for a couple of hours and hope he returns to Jack. Not that I'm complaining, he's just acting really strange.
We made it to his room. Instead of the work being on his bed, it was back at his desk. At least sitting on his bed there was a barrier of books and papers between us. I can manage.
Jack immediately sat down and started working. I sat down in the chair next to him and leaned a bit closer to see what he's working on. Jack stopped moving the pencil and looked at me from the corner of his eye, "That's not helping." There he is. He wasn't lost.
I blushed and moved away from him, "Sorry." I tried to sound strong, but it came out as a mumble. Great. He didn't seem to notice my unease and he went back to what he was doing. He seemed to be working on his own, so I'm not sure why I'm even here. "Do you want me to go?"
"No." He said, not even stopping what he was doing.
"You seem to be working fine on your own." I leaned my elbow on his desk and rested my head in the palm of my hand. I could see his face better this way even if he wasn't looking at me. He's avoiding it.
"Not really." He said bluntly.
"Sure about that?"
He glanced at me for only a fraction of a second before looking back down at his work, "If you want to leave, go ahead. I don't need you here."
I'm going to pretend his words didn't sting, "But I want to be here." I admitted.
He laughed and dropped his pencil again. He didn't look at me, instead he buried his face in his hands and let out a long breath. I didn't know what to do. I guess I shouldn't have said that, but I'm trying to be honest. And maybe I need to learn when to keep things to myself.
Lying and choosing not to share something is totally different.
Isn't it?
I probably should've kept that to myself.
"Why would you say that to me?" He lifted his head from his hands and looked at me. It's the first time he's looked at me since he dropped that façade.
"I'm trying out this new thing called honesty. How's it working?" My attempt at a joke embarrassed me. I think I was the joke.
"Horribly." He replied. "I think I got a taste of that honesty last night. And no, not the kiss either. I'm talking about after that."
Yep, Jack's still in there. All the sarcasm and the smartass remarks are still in there. "I told you, I was—"