
I rushed to close my curtains. I stepped back slowly from the window, trying to figure out if I saw Paxton or if it was just a figment of my imagination because I'm tired. It wouldn't be the first time my mind has played tricks on me.
But it was so real. He was there. His white hair was drenched, his blue eyes looked like they were glowing against the lightning.
I placed a hand to my chest, feeling the erratic feel of my heartbeat.
I couldn't sleep even if I tried right now. I ran to my closet and yanked out my sweatshirt. I pulled it over my head and put the hood in place. I slipped on my shoes and ran down the stairs in nothing but my pajama shorts and my sweatshirt. I opened the door quietly and took of running the second I closed it.
I took off in Jack's direction. When I made it to his door, I rang the doorbell and banged on the door like my life depended on it. I looked around me, feeling my paranoia heighten at the thought of Paxton still watching.
When the door opened, Jack's eyes widened at the sight of me. "What are you doing?"
He took another look at my face and grabbed my arm. He pulled me inside and closed the door behind us. His touch was light against me and I hated when he let me go. "What's wrong, Juliet? You're soaked."
"I need to talk to you." I managed. "I think I saw something and I didn't know who else to go to." Maybe the cops?
He gestured towards the stairs. I followed him up and into his room. I was still shivering because I was soaked after fifteen seconds in a thunderstorm. Jack moved around his room, going to his dresser. He pulled out one of his t-shirts and handed it to me. "Thank you." I said softly.
Jack turned around long enough for me to change into the t-shirt. I left the shorts on because the shirt barely reached the middle of my thighs. "Paxton was outside my window." I said once I was finished.
He turned around quickly, "What? At three in the morning?"
"When I looked again, he was gone. But, Jack, I swear it was him. I don't know too many people at his age with hair whiter than my grandmas." Not the time to joke. But it was true.
"What was he doing?"
"He was just standing there and only god knows for how long." I swallowed the lump in my throat. "You told me to tell you and I didn't think..." I trailed off.
Jack shook his head and grabbed my hand. He brought me back to his bed and sat down on the edge with me beside him. "No, I'm glad you're here." He said. "I'll talk to him." I wonder what his idea of talking is.
He stood up and walked into his closet. When he returned, he had a blanket in his hands. He wrapped it around my shoulders and I pulled it close. I mumbled another thank you and he smiled a little in return. "What does he want with me?" I asked Jack once he was sitting next to me again.
"I couldn't tell you, Juliet." He sighed. "I'll make sure he doesn't bother you again." And again, don't know what his definition of that is.
"Can I stay here tonight?" I asked before I could stop myself. "I can sleep on the couch again."
His brown eyes softened as he nodded. "But I'll sleep on that couch." He pointed to the other side of his room. "And you'll take the bed."