
I hesitated, but followed his actions. I followed him off the dock, and into the woods he had previously pointed to. We stopped in the middle and James told me to look around again.
Small yellow lights surrounded us. They flashed as they swarmed in and out of the trees branches, "Fireflies." I lifted a hand in an attempt to capture one, but it flew it away. I spun in a circle to take in all the ones that still surrounded us. There were probably hundreds of them.
I've never been here at night, so I've never noticed them before.
"I knew you'd like it."
"I love it." I raised my hand around them again because I just wanted to touch one. I'm actually a child. I soon dropped my hand and walked back over to James. I found him perched on a tree stump, taking all of it in. "How'd you know I would like this?"
"Because you like the little things."
My face was hurting from so much smiling but I couldn't help it, "Seriously, this is amazing. But I thought this night was all about corrupting." I teased and sat down next to him.
He laughed and leaned back on his hands, "I'm keeping you out late. I think that's all the corrupting you can handle."
"How'd you know about this?"
"I'd come here a lot when my parents would fight." He paused, "And when they got divorced, this was basically my safe place. Still is. While my parents thought I was being more rebellious than usual, I was just here. I don't know why their divorce hit me as hard as it did. I saw it coming. I wasn't prepared, but you can't really prepare for something like that."
"I'm sorry." I said softly and placed a hand on his shoulder, "I know it must've been hard for you and Meredith both."
"It's getting easier." He smiled weakly.
"Thank you for showing me this. It really does mean a lot."
James was breaking my heart into pieces. I can't imagine going through my parents divorcing. It's bad enough I've had to bear what I've had already, but he has to suffer through it. I felt bad for him. He really is a great person and you can tell he's still hurting.
Meredith seems to be handling it better than James. Maybe she was prepared. Maybe she saw it coming too and she couldn't care less. Or maybe she was just better at hiding her feelings.
I wrapped my arm around his shoulders and hugged him. We sat in silence like we did in the car. It wasn't an awkward silence. It was comfortable. Sometimes that's all you need. Just a little bit of quiet to let yourself think. But then sometimes you need the distractions.
I think this trip was a bit of both.
We stayed for about an hour before making our way home. The mood was lighter in the car now. We laughed a bit and listened to loud music. It could be because we were both tired. It was almost two in the morning. And it'll be way past that when we get home.
The time was 2:37 A.M. when we pulled into my driveway. James turned off the car, but didn't move. "Are you going to Jack's?"
"Yeah. They think I'm spending the night at Lindy's."
"Well I guess I'll see you in the morning."
"Thank you for tonight. It was really amazing."