

Paxton made his way through the crowd with a drink in his hand. I looked up at James and back to where Paxton was only a few feet away. When he made it to us, he wrapped an arm around Meredith's waist and kissed her cheek.
My stomach turned.
Paxton let go of Meredith and turned to all of us, "Guys, this is Paxton. Paxton, this is my brother, James—"
"We've met." He reached out and offered his hand to James. James hesitated and shook his hand, "Good to see you again."
James just nodded, probably too shocked to speak.
"You've met?" Meredith asked.
"Yeah, he was picking up Juliet from the diner. He's a good boyfriend."
No he didn't.
Paxton looked at me and smiled, "Good to see you, Juliet."
Meredith looked at both of us with wide eyes, "Boyfriend? I thought nothing was going on, Juliet. You lied to me."
It was Paxton I lied to, not Meredith. We've been in his presence for five minutes and he's already causing trouble. And he knows it. "We weren't going to tell anyone yet." James answered, wrapping an arm around my waist.
This is a disaster.
Meredith's lips turned into a frown, "I can't believe you guys would keep this from me." She looked from me to her brother, "Especially you. We tell each other everything."
"I'm sorry, Mere. We just weren't ready to say anything."
I looked at Paxton and he was already looking at me with a vicious smile on his face. I was ready to bolt for the door. "How'd you know Juliet?" Meredith asked Paxton.
Paxton looked away from me and to Meredith.
Here it goes. Everything I've tried to keep a secret is coming out now and there's no way I can get out of this—"Old friend of the family's."
I turned to Meredith to gauge her reaction. She seemed to buy it. "Oh, well what a small world." She smiled.
Meredith proceeded to introduce Paxton and Lindy. I know Lindy was going to want to know details that I can't give her because there's nothing to tell. James and I aren't together, it was just a horrible cover up. And now I've dragged harmless James into this mess.
I grabbed James's hand and tugged him towards the dance floor, "Come dance with me." I pushed a smile and dragged him to the middle. He returned my smile with less force.
His arm went back around my waist and he pulled me forward until I was pressed up against his chest. I looked around us, hoping Paxton and Meredith weren't close before I looked up at him. My smile fell, "I'm so sorry. I didn't know—"
"It's okay." He interrupted, "I didn't expect you to know."
"She can't be around him, James. We have to tell her."
James turned me around and pulled my back against his chest, "I know." I felt his breath against my ear. "We'll tell her when he's not around."
"Keep an eye on her."
I felt James nod, "He's watching."
I lifted my eyes, looking across the dance floor. Paxton stood at the bar with Meredith standing to him. She was leaning over the bar, probably ordering a drink. But he was just staring at us with an evil smirk on his face.