
He kissed me fiercely and there wasn't any feeling like it. His hands rested against my hips, his fingers slowly curling against the bare skin. He attempted to pull me closer, but it wasn't possible.
Nothing existed for a moment. I always made fun of moments like this because I didn't think they could happen. It was something I always thought was overrated and unrealistic. My mind was changed quickly.
I didn't want to, but I pulled away to catch my breath. "I told you not to do that again." I breathed.
His eyes flicked up to meet mine, his breath faintly hitting my lips, "You talk too much."
He didn't let go of me like I expected him to and I was glad. I was afraid my knees would give out if he decided to let me go. I dropped my head and let out another shaky breath, "I can't..."
Jack placed a finger under my chin, lifting my face to level with his, "I know."
But that didn't stop him from kissing me again. It was small and quick. But I still felt it envelope me. "This friends thing," Jack started as he leaned his forehead against mine. "It's not working is it?"
I managed to laugh, "You knew it wouldn't." Part of me knew it wouldn't work also, but I wanted to be wrong. I really wanted be friends with Jack. I guess we both knew it wouldn't work out. "We didn't even try." I added and leaned my head back so I can look into his eyes.
"In my defense, I couldn't be friends with you."
"Why?" I asked in a small voice.
He caressed my face in his hands gently, "Because I want to kiss you every time I see you."
My breath hitched in my throat because I think the same thing, just never acted on it because that's what's best. I shook out of his grasp and ducked under his arm to get free. I swam to the shallow end of the pool and got out. I know Jack was behind me, but he struggled because of his side.
I didn't wait for him. I grabbed my shirt from the ground and threw it on as I walked inside the house. "Where are you going?" I heard Jack's voice behind me, but I kept walking. "Juliet!" Jack's voice was getting closer and it wasn't until I was about to reach the door, Jack grabbed my arm.
"I have to go." I said as I turned around to face him.
He took a step back, "Why are you acting like this? I thought—"
"I'm sorry." I said softly, "I don't know what I'm doing anymore." And it was the truth. I didn't know why I was doing half the things I was doing. It's nothing I would have done before. And I liked it. I liked the way I was acting even if I shouldn't be acting in a certain way. "This is all happening way too fast." I mumbled, "I do really like you, and I'm not going to lie, it scares me."
Jack took a hesitant step towards me, "Why does that scare you?"
"Because of how fast it's happening." I said truthfully, "And...there's no guarantee you'll be here in a month. I don't want...I don't want to get close to you just to lose you."
He didn't say anything, but his face said everything.
"I'll be back tomorrow to help you." I still spoke softly, too afraid my voice would start shaking and then I would start crying.