
It's been a week and I haven't talked to Jack about tutoring him. There's no way he can bother me about it, either. He doesn't have my number, even though I'm sure it's not hard to look it up. I've kept my curtains closed and I've avoided going outside when he was playing basketball in his driveway. I mentioned it to both of my grandparents and they said no before I even finished. I left out the part about spending the night, figured they'd be better off without that sliver of information.
My eyes started hurting and I set my book down on my bedside table. I sunk under my blanket, letting the warmth envelop me. I tucked an arm behind my head and stared up at the ceiling. Sleep hasn't been a great friend lately. I felt bad about ignoring Jack, but I wasn't ready to tell him that I can't do it. He's only going to try to 'persuade' me.
Just as sleep was about to be kind to me, I heard two light taps on my window. I let out a groan and got out of bed. It could be nothing but birds, but it's always good to check. I pulled back my curtains slowly, peeping out over one. Jack stood between our houses, wildly waving his hands. I opened the curtains more and undid the latch on my window. I pushed it forward and stuck my head outside. "What the hell are you doing?" I whisper yelled.
"You didn't give me an answer!" He called back.
I glanced at the clock beside my bed and back out the window. "It's three in the morning, go back to bed."
"Come outside so we can talk!" He was unnecessarily loud.
"The answer to both questions is no, so go back inside before you get in trouble." I kept my voice down to a whisper.
I heard him laugh. "Come on, don't be like that! Get your ass down here!"
"Shut up before you wake my grandparents!"
"Then come down here before I start singing!"
I shushed him and closed my window.
I looked down at my choice of sleep wear, a pair of cotton shorts and a tank top. I decided to slip on a sweat shirt and make my way down stairs quietly. I opened the front door and stepped outside into the night air. It was a bit breezy, but I liked it.
I stepped into the grass with my bare feet and instantly regretted not putting shoes on. Jack was still standing beside his house, but behind a line of white string. He caught my curious look and said, "Can't go any further without this stupid thing going off."
Makes sense. "What do you want that couldn't wait?"
"I told you. I need help with my exams. And with my circumstances, no one wants to help me. You're my only option."
Wow. Makes me feel real good. "Well, I can't do it, I'm sorry."
He crossed his arms across his chest and narrowed his eyes. "And why can't you help me? I helped you—"
"I know, but I can't. Think of something else I can help you with."
"There's nothing else I need help with."
"You have a creative mind, I'm sure you'll think of something."
He let out an annoyed sigh and ran his hands over his face. "Can you at least meet me in my driveway? This is getting weird."
I crossed my arms and started walking. "You're the one tapping on my window in the middle of the night. I don't think it gets any weirder than that." I stepped onto his driveway and he appeared out of the darkness and under the security light.