

When I made it to Jack's room, I closed the door behind me. I stepped close to the door and pressed my ear against it. "What are you doing here, Paxton?" Jack's voice rang with annoyance.
Why is he here? Does he just show up when he feels like it? I definitely didn't want to go downstairs and find out. Just the sound of his voice gave me chills and not in a good way. "What? I can't come and hang out with my favorite cousin?" I didn't have to be down there to know he was smiling.
"I'm busy right now, I don't have time—"
"To deal with me?"
It went quiet for a few moments and Jack spoke, "I have a lot of work I still need to do, I don't have time to entertain you."
"Oh, so Juliet's here? Where is she?"
I almost threw up in my mouth.
"She's home. She's not helping me anymore. So if you came here because you thought she was, that is borderline stalker, Pax."
Someone barked out a loud laugh and it wasn't Jack's. Paxton was laughing. Why? "I wasn't outside her window. I don't know why she would say that." He sounded really convincing.
Not.
"Maybe because you were? It wouldn't surprise me after Lily—"
"Don't you dare talk about her." Paxton's voice rose, "She has nothing to do with this." I didn't know how terrified I was of Paxton until that moment. I didn't know him, that's for sure. And I really don't want to.
"Juliet has nothing to do with us either. Don't go near her again and don't talk about her again." The venom in Jack's voice didn't go unnoticed.
Paxton was quiet. Jack must have really struck a nerve talking about Lily. "Go home. I have a lot to do."
"Fine. I'll talk to you tomorrow."
I heard Jack say whatever, followed by the closing of the front door. I stood up quickly and ran to Jack's bed. I sat down on the edge, pretending I was looking down at my nails the whole time. When the door opened, Jack nudged his head towards the stairs. I got up and followed him this time. He was quiet and I didn't want to push anything. It's not like he would've told me. So, I kept what new knowledge I had and didn't say a word.
We sat in silence while Jack looked for a movie. He found one and waited for my approval. I really didn't care about which movie we watched. I probably wouldn't be able to focus on it because I stay in my head.
Jack seemed to Notice and he tugged on my hand, "Come here."
I moved from my spot and scooted closer to him. He pulled me against his side and I rested my head against his shoulder. Was what I'm doing stupid? Probably. Did I care? Not in that moment.
As the movie went on, I eventually rested my head in Jack's lap. I felt his fingers move against my arm, slowly making their way into my hair. He brushed the hair away from my neck, slowly walking his fingers across the exposed skin. I saw him out of the corner of my eye and noticed he was still watching the movie. I'm glad he was more into it than I was.
When the movie ended, the sun was no longer in the sky. I sat up and stretched out my arms before standing up. "I need to get home before my grandparents start calling me like crazy."