
I sat down at the table, taking the first sip of the caffeine I desperately needed. “Where’s Grandpa?”
“He’s still working on that house with Pete. Left a few minutes ago.” She stood at the kitchen sink, looking out of the window. And the only view from that window is the McKinnon residence. “Does that kid ever stay out of trouble?”
I nearly choked on my coffee. “Doubt it.”
My phone buzzed on the table and a message from my best friend, Lindy, popped up to tell me she was outside. “That’s my ride.” I took another gulp of coffee and sat my cup in the sink. “I’ll see you when you get home from work.” I gave her a quick hug and bolted for the door.
I snagged my bag from the couch and opened the door to warm Georgia air. Summer was only around the corner. I just wanted to get this last final behind me. Plus, it’s a Friday.
Lindy’s car sat in the driveway, engine idling. When I got to the car, I couldn’t help but look across at the McKinnon house. This time a police officer and a guy in a suit stood with the family in the driveway. Jack looked uninterested, as per usual. Jack Sr. was talking to the police officer while the guy in a suit tried to talk to Jack.
“Juliet!” Lindy yelled.
Jack snapped his head in our direction and I felt frozen.
“Juliet, get your little ass in the car, we’re going to be late.”
I broke away from Jack’s gaze and got into the car.
She backed out of the driveway and I sank into my seat as we passed their house.
“Is there a reason you were staring at your neighbor creepily?”
I pushed myself back up in my seat with a sigh. “I’m just out of it today.” I made a weird gesture with my hand, hoping to seal the lie.
Lindy didn’t care anyway.
“So,” Lindy started. “Michael called me last night.”
Michael Reynolds, the star of the North Atlanta High football team. The guy I’ve had a crush on since 1st grade for crying out loud. “And?”
“He asked about you. Asked if I would bring you to his party tomorrow night.”
“Well—”
“Come on, Juliet. Summer break is in a week and then senior year. Live a little.”
I smiled at the thought of Michael actually asking for me.
“Aren’t your grandparents leaving for the weekend anyway?”
I nodded and she went on. “I’ll have you home by midnight. Two tops.”
She wasn’t going to give up, I know that about Lindy.
I thought for a long moment and said, “Fine.”
She quickly looked in my direction and back to the road. “You’re finally going to let me corrupt you?”
I let out a small laugh. “Don’t make me regret it. And I’m not drinking.”