

"You look so much like her." He breathed, taking a step forward.
When I took a step back, he stopped. "I'm sorry." He put his hands up, "I just...can't believe how much you look like her."
James held onto me tighter. I think he figured out what I did the moment I saw his face. The face of the person who abandoned me fourteen years ago because he didn't want me. "What did you expect?" I spat. I was surprised at how steady my voice was.
He put a hand over his chest, "Juliet," He paused, "I can't apologize enough for what I've done, I know that. I asked you here so I could possibly get a chance to show you I've changed."
The man I remember didn't love me. He didn't want anything to do with me, that's why I was always at my grandparents. His face is just a blurred image that's been hidden in a dark corner of my brain for fourteen years. It's a face I never wanted to see again. "You left me." I grounded through gritted teeth. I forced my tears away. I know once I started crying, I wouldn't be able to stop. "You didn't love me. What makes you think I care that you've changed?"
I moved toward him but James tugged on my hand. Probably for my own good. "I have, Juliet." He took a hesitant step forward. "I wasn't worthy enough to be your father. When your mother died, I had nothing—"
"You had me."
"I know that now. I didn't see that then. When I looked at you I...I just remember what I lost and I couldn't do it anymore. It wasn't fair to you—"
"What about a little girl that lost her mother? I was only three. When you left, I was the one that didn't have anyone left." I ripped my hand from James's and moved towards him. "You're nothing but a coward."
"Your grandparents gave you what I couldn't, Juliet. It was not the life I wanted for you. I wanted you to live a normal life. Giving you up has been the hardest thing I've ever had to do. I just needed time."
"Fourteen years. It took you fourteen years. Not days, but years." Tears started building in my eyes and I let them spill over my cheeks, "Do you know how long it took me to realize you weren't coming back? Do you?"
The way he looked at me now...I couldn't process it. He had no idea what I had to go through. "I know there's nothing I can do, but please, let me try. That's all I want is another chance. Please." He pleaded.
I felt James come up next to me and I swiped at my cheeks. The tone of his voice almost made me crack.
Almost.
I stepped closer until we were only a foot apart. He sucked in a ragged breath. He reached his hand to touch me but I moved away. "You died the night you left me." I wiped away another tear. "I have no idea who you are. You're not my father. My father wouldn't have left me when I couldn't even fend for myself." I shook my head, "You're nothing to me and I have no will to give you another chance. You shouldn't even need one. I grew up just fine without you. I don't need you now. I hope you're happy, Will."
When I used his first name, he flinched like I had hit him.
He didn't say anything.
And I left.
I ran out of the room as fast as my legs would take me and without tripping.  James was calling my name from behind me, but I didn't stop until I made it to the elevator. I kept pressing the button, hoping it'll make it come quicker. My breathing turned to heaving as I clutched at my chest. A pair of arms were around me before I could fall to the ground. "Juliet." James whispered. He just kept whispering my name as he brushed a hand over my hair.