
He nodded his head and grabbed one of the full shot glasses on a try. He threw it back, squeezing his eyes closed and scrunching his face like he had just ate something sour. I lead him back into the living room, his arms now finding my waist. This would have been more fun if she was more sober. For sure.
After what felt like hours of dancing, I felt like I was melting. Michael excused himself to go to the bathroom and I scanned the crowd again to find Lindy. She was sitting on the couch, looking like she was half asleep. She was talking to that guy she was dancing with earlier. He seemed half interested in what she had to say. The other half was interested in her boobs.
Fifteen minutes have passed and Michael still hadn’t come back. With a sigh of defeat, I climbed the stairs in search for him. I remember coming here for a party once. And another time when we had to work on a project together in middle school. I remember which one was his room and of course, it was the only one that was off limits. Who cares if someone has sex on his parent’s bed, right?
I opened the door and instantly wish I didn’t. Found out what was keeping Michael busy. A girl, didn’t even know her, was straddling his lap. They were battling, basically smashing their faces together. It looked like a hot mess. My chest ached but I wanted to laugh because it looks like they were having a bit of trouble.
I wasn’t here for this.
I slammed the door and went downstairs to find Lindy. She was where I left her. I tugged on her arm, trying to get her to stand up. “Let’s get out of here, please.”
She lifted a hand to protest, but stopped and nodded.
Lindy stood and I wrapped an arm around her waist. I hated when she got too drunk to even know how to walk properly. Her car was parked down the street and I got her into the car easier than I expected. She kept nodding off on the way to her house, which wasn’t good. It’s going to be hard getting her inside without her parent’s knowing.
We had to walk to the back of the house and slip through the back sliding glass door. Lindy started giggling the moment I closed the door. I hushed her, but that only made her laugh even more. I got her up the stairs with too many problems. One of them almost dropping her because she couldn’t stand up straight.
She fell back on her bed and I removed her heels. I pulled her blanket up to her shoulders and wiped a hand across her forehead. I got her a couple of aspirin and a glass of water to leave on her bedside table. “I’ll be back in the morning.” I whispered.
“We’ll go get pancakes.” She mumbled. “So much bacon…”
I bit back and laugh and left.
I made it to my front door and I felt exhausted. Taking care of Lindy always took a lot out of me. But there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for her.
I felt around in my pockets, my jacket pockets, and and my keys were nowhere. In a panic, I started feeling around again, digging deeper in my pockets even though it was pointless. Like maybe the key fairy put them back.  “Shit!” I hissed. I quickly covered my mouth, thinking someone heard me. I walked around my house, checking the low windows for anything. The backdoor was locked also and there was no spare key. Because the spare key was on my key ring.