
"Not for a few more minutes."
She smiled and kissed me, "Good."
I tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear and mocked her smile, "How are you feeling?"
She wrinkled up her nose, which made me laugh, "Ask me again tomorrow."
"Will do." I tilted her chin back up and gave her another kiss.
We laid in almost silence for the rest of the time, only a few words exchanged here and there. And a few laughs as well. When I got out of bed, Juliet clutched the sheet to her naked frame. I got dressed and slipped my jacket back on. I sat on the edge of her bed and laced my boots up. I had to leave as much as I didn't want to.
I twisted my body slightly to face her, "I'll call you with any news."
"You better." She leaned forward and gave me a quick kiss.
I stood back up and lingered by the foot of her bed.
"Sure you want to leave me like this?"
I choked out a laugh, "Definitely not. But I'll make this sacrifice for the both of us."
She giggled again, "Then I'll be waiting for your call, Young Prince."
"Funny." I started backing towards the door, "If I don't leave now, I don't think I'll have enough will to leave at all."
"Save yourself first and I'll be right here waiting."
"I hope in the same way, too."
"If you're lucky."
She was doing things to me, "Get some rest and I'll call as soon as I can."
Juliet nodded and it took everything in me to leave. I closed Juliet's door behind me and started down the stairs. James never came home. Not sure if that was good or bad, but Juliet did say sometimes he doesn't even make it until late morning.
My house was quiet so my parents were still sleeping. I took the time to take a shower and change into new clothes so they didn't ask questions. Which I guess is stupid because I'm about to tell them everything anyway.
It was a little past five when I was finished and heard them talking downstairs. I was nervous to know what they're going to do. Hopefully they'll be happy to know I'm not as stupid as they think I am. Even though taking Paxton's calls that night was clearly stupid.
They were in the kitchen drinking their morning coffee and sharing the newspaper when I made it in. They looked at me with wide eyes. Probably surprised to see me up at such an odd hour. "Why are you up so early?" My mom asked.
"Technically I'm up late because I never went to bed."
"Everything okay?"
"It will be." I pulled out the chair between them and sat down, "I remembered everything last night."
---------------------
I guess it's not a huge surprise, haha. But now you know what happened that night, wooooot. The next chapter will most likely be in Jack's point of view also to get more details in there.