
I sat in an empty classroom except for one teacher that monitors the testing. The two officers stayed outside. I sat in the front and looked to my right where there was a wall of windows.
Yes, smart.
But I'm not stupid.
The first exam was easy. French seemed to be easier than I expected it to be. Chemistry was a bit tougher though. I only had trouble with minor questions that took too long. And my last one was English. Something I know I'm good at. I breezed through it with no problems and I definitely felt good about that one.
When it was over, I handed everything in and was greeted by my officers the second I stepped outside the classroom door. They escorted me to their car, but before I got in, they put handcuffs around my wrists again. I just rolled my eyes and they put me in the back of the black vehicle.
The ride back to my house was a short one. My parents were home. The second I stepped through the door, my mom came from the living room with a smile on her face, "How'd you do?"
"Good." I gave her a weak smile.
One of the officers kneeled beside me to activate my cuff again while the other removed the handcuffs. I shook my wrists and clenched my fingers. They left after a short conversation with my mom.
She brought me into the kitchen and gestured towards the giant spread of food on the island, "I couldn't remember your favorite, so I got it all."
"You didn't have to—"
"I did." She took a step towards me, "I talked to your dad. He told me about your memories. Do you remember anything else?"
Did she actually feel sorry for me? "Not yet."
She smiled sadly and touched my cheek, "You will."
We went ahead and ate without my dad. He'll be held up in his office until midnight probably. It would be hard to sneak Juliet in, but I wasn't worried about getting caught. The house is big enough, and his office is on the other side of the house.
My mom didn't have much to say. She asked about the test and that was it really. She didn't push anything about my memories. I don't think she wanted to know all the gory details.
She went to bed without my dad around eight. He never even came out of his office and she never bothered him and neither did I while he was in there. It was kind of like an unspoken rule.
Around nine, I went up to my room and walked to my window. Juliet was sitting in her window seat with a book in her hands. A smile touched my lips as I lifted my window. I leaned out and whisper yelled her name to get her attention. Her head shot in my direction and she smiled. She opened her window and leaned out as well, "Want me to come over?" She asked.
"Please?"
"Give me a minute and I'll meet you outside." She scrambled from her seat once he window was closed. Her light shut off and I closed my window. I walked out of my room at a fast pace and down the stairs. Just as I opened the door and stepped out on my porch, Juliet came into view.