
When we got home, James and I parted ways. He had plans and I just wanted to bury myself in junk food and Netflix. I changed out of my work clothes and grabbed my computer before getting situated in bed. Lindy had texted me earlier, asking if I wanted to go to a party. I lied and told her I had plans because I really just wanted to stay home.
I was on my 5th episode of House when I fell asleep.
But the sound of something slamming next door woke me up a few hours later.
The clock on my bedside table read 2 A.M. and I wondered how in the world I could've slept that long. A two-hour nap turned into triple that. I climbed out of bed and walked to my window. I pushed one curtain to the side to get a view of next door. Jack was pacing his driveway before eventually just sitting down. I let the curtain fall back to its original place and moved.
I pulled my sweatshirt over my head and tiptoed down the stairs. I quietly opened the front door and slowly closed it behind me once I made it outside. I crossed my arms against my chest as I made my way over to Jack. I sat down in front of him without hesitating.
His eyes moved to me, no shock was evident in his expression. "I'm not okay." He whispered.
I let the words sink into me. They had a bigger effect than you would think. Three simple words together made a statement that wasn't simple. It was a statement that cut deeper.
Jack was just the boy next door with too many problems to count.
I didn't think, and just acted. I slowly grabbed his trembling hand from his thigh and squeezed it between my own. He didn't pull away. If anything, I felt his fingers still. He just looked at me and I wasn't sure what I saw in his eyes. Relief? Maybe.
I couldn't help what I did next.
I dropped his hand and wrapped my arms around his shoulders tightly. He didn't respond at first, but seconds later, I felt his arms around me. It may have looked weird, but something about his expression twisted my stomach. I have no idea what Jack has done, or what he will do. "I know we aren't exactly friends." I muttered, still hugging him. "But you can trust me."
I squeezed Jack gently before pulling away slowly.
He looked a bit hopeful now. "We were friends once, remember?" He slowly grinned.
"I do remember. And then you decided it was funny to pore sand down my shirt. You basically made fun of me until I left that high school."
Jack eased up and let out a laugh. "I didn't make fun of you. I teased you, there's a difference."
"I don't really see a difference, Jack."
"Of course you don't."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
Jack was back to normal. Not human, but as normal as he can get. "Parents left this morning to California." He changed the subject quickly.
"And what's the have to do with anything?"
"If you're not doing anything, you should come over. Unless you have plans." I could see the raise of his brow faintly from the moonlight.