
Meredith jumped out of the car and ran to the trunk before I even got my door opened. She grabbed the bag of towels she brought and took off towards the dock. James followed behind her, and I was behind James. Meredith laid out her towel before stripping down to her bathing suit and running across the dock to jump into the water. "Are you getting in?" James asked as he kicked off his shoes.
I shook my head, "Not right now."
"If you don't get in, I'll throw you in myself." He grinned.
"I would like to see you try." I challenged, crossing my arms across my chest.
He reached behind his neck and pulled his shirt over his head. He sent a smirk in my direction and took off towards the dock. A splash followed soon after and Meredith's surprised scream.
I laid out a towel and sat down. I stretched my legs out in front of me and started reading my book. The words just meshed together and I couldn't really make any of it out. My mind wondered off to the oblivion that is Jack McKinnon. I don't feel guilty for what I've done at all. He shouldn't have treated me that way when I'm the only person that's willing to help him. It all seems repetitive.
Jack still has my notes, but that's only going to help if he's actually motivated to do the work. And for some reason, I doubt he is. At least not motivated enough to care. Or maybe he does care, that's why he was desperate enough to ask me for help. I was his last resort. But also if he did care enough, he would have been nicer to me.
Now I just sound like a child and over analyzing everything.
My book was ripped from my hands and James's hands were on my waist. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" I yelled after being thrown over his shoulder.
"I like a challenge." He replied and I could hear the light laughter in his voice.
"If you don't put me down, I swear I'll—"
"Swear you'll do what? You're about as intimidating as a puppy."
He sat me back down on my feet and I noticed we reached the end of the dock.
I glared at James, his stupid grin becoming more irritating by the second. I clenched my jaw and took a giant step forward. He was already standing at the edge, so it'll make this more easier for me and less painful for him. James looked confused until I placed my hands on his chest and his eyes went wide. Before he could even protest, I pushed him over the edge of the dock and into the lake.
When he surfaced, the grin was gone and I was laughing. "You are definitely going to pay for that." He breathed and started swimming towards the ladder. As soon as his feet hit the dock, I took off running. James was laughing, so he couldn't be too mad at what I just did. But before I stepped a foot off of the dock, James's arms were back around my waist, causing me to yelp in surprise. My back was pressed against his newly wet chest as he tightened his arms around me. "Ready to go for a swim?" His breath brushed across my ear.
He lifted me up again and this time I didn't say anything. Instead I laughed on my way into the water. James jumped in behind me, brushing the hair out of his face. "You two are nuts." Meredith yelled as she tried to suppress her laugh. Today was going better than planned.
The moon was high in the sky by the time we made it home. We had a good day despite how mine started. We went to lunch and hang out at the lake a bit more. We talked, we swam, and I got to push James into the lake again. But of course, that resulted into me being thrown back in. Overall it was a pretty good day.