
"Well now you have plenty of time to render me speechless, McKinnon."
Almost.
I sat down on the edge of the bed and pulled her into my lap. "I can't wait." I caressed her jaw and left a small kiss on her lips, "I want you to know the full story."
"You can trust me."
I smiled, "I know."
I broke into the story, starting from the very beginning. I repeated what happened at the bar and getting a phone call from Paxton when I left. That's when I met him at the diner and we talked about nothing really. The only thing that stuck out was our conversation about Juliet.
Then I told her everything that happened when I left the diner. I was outside of the diner, waiting for my cab when I got another frantic phone call from Paxton. Why I went to him will never be known. I told her everything up until my head was slammed against the pavement and I blacked out.
I knew everything that happened after that because I woke up in the hospital with two police officers waiting for me with a pair of handcuffs. The look on both of my parents' face is still etched into my mind. My mom's face was twisted with worry while my dad looked at me like what did you do now?
They should've known I would never do anything like this. Drinking is one thing, but murdering someone is another.
"Shouldn't you tell someone right now?"
"I don't think they'll do anything until morning if I mention it now." I looked at the clock that sits beside her TV and it read 1:26 A.M. "So let me stay with you and cherish this little bit of time we have alone together, because I'm not sure when that's going to happen again."
She still looked worried, "Don't you think telling your parents is more important than being alone with me right now?"
"Both things are important to me for different reasons. It would unfair to compare them." I cradled her in my arms and stood up with her. I walked to the side of the bed and gently laid her down, "And right now all I can think about is giving into you."
She smiled up at me, "I'm glad you have your priorities straight, Jack." She said sarcastically.
I walked to the other side of the bed and lay next to her. I propped myself up on my elbow and she scooted closer to me, "My priorities are always straight."
She grabbed my free hand, weaving her fingers in between mine, "Tell me what you would do."
"I'm sorry?"
She giggled a little, "As a writer, tell me what you would do...with me. How would you take care of me?"
I felt my cheeks turn to fire. This is the second time she's ever made me blush and I didn't even think that was possible, "Are you serious?"
"Deadly."
"Okay, fine." I pulled my hand from hers, "First, I would kiss you here," I moved the hair away from her neck and traced my finger over the sensitive spot below her ear, "and then I would slowly kiss my way down your neck," I made a trail with my finger moving swiftly over her skin, "I'd kiss every part of your body that was visible to me. Slowly sliding my lips over your skin until you were almost breathless." I placed a hand on her stomach and she shuddered under my touch.