
I quietly got out of bed and removed my jacket before walking across the hall to the guest bathroom. I found my toothbrush where I had hidden it in the medicine cabinet and brushed my teeth. I used a cloth to clean my face and ran my fingers through my hair but it was still a mess of course.
I walked back to Jack's room and he wasn't in his bed. I heard the water running behind his closed bathroom door. I flopped back on his bed and waited for him to come back.
Jack came strolling out of his bathroom wearing nothing but a pair of sweatpants. His hair was a mess, but it looked natural. Stupid cute boys, with their stupid messy hair that makes them even more attractive.
He stood beside the bed, his eyes trained on the floor while one of his hands got lost in his hair. I sat up on my knees, now worried, "What's wrong?"
Jack dropped his hand but didn't lift his head, "I remembered something else...something really important."
"You remember the guy? The one from your first memory?"
He finally lifted his gaze to meet mine and he shook his head, "No, unfortunately. But I think I know why you're triggering my memories. Or helping triggering them."
"How am I triggering them, Jack? It's not possible—"
"I don't think it was because I talked about you with Matt and Ethan..."
"You're kind of freaking me out. What are you talking about?"
"I talked about you again when I saw you."
I got off the bed and walked up to him, "What are you talking about when you saw me? I never saw you that night."
Jack had a blank expression, "No, I know. I saw you, you didn't see me."
I'm way past freaked out right now, "Who were you talking to about me?"
"I was at the diner, you were working a late shift."
"Jack, who were you talking to?" I pushed.
His gaze met mine and I felt my insides just shatter, "It was Paxton. But he was talking about you to me."
------------------
Real shocker there, lol. But of course, there's a lot more to it. Next chapter will be in Jack's point of view! :)
And I guess wattpad doesn't let you indent anymore and that's going to drive me crazy omg. Can they stop changing things please :)))))
Don't forget to vote and comment with your thoughts. :)