
I think my grandma would drop where she stands if she knew about Jack.
I helped clean up quickly after dinner so I could get to Jack's. I went upstairs and changed out of my lazy clothes and into a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. And when my grandparents finally went to bed, I bolted. I didn't talk to James on the way out because he already fell into the routine.
I was eager to see him. Excited.
I didn't bother taking my time and walked at a fast pace to make it to his front door. I rang the doorbell and waiting patiently, rocking back and forth on my heels.
Jack finally opened the door and his eyebrows rose in surprise. "I didn't think you'd come over this late. I already did the work—"
"I didn't come here to help you with your work."
He opened the door wider and let me in. We stood in the foyer and all of a sudden, nervousness seeped into my system. "You didn't have to come so late." His voice was soft. He slowly paced towards me and stopped at an arms length. I wanted him closer but I kept my hands at my side.
"I thought about you all day." I blurted.
Jack let out a nervous laugh and rubbed the back of his neck, "This is that honesty thing you were talking about?"
"That was me embarrassing myself." I felt the blush creep up my neck and burning my cheeks. "But for what it's worth, I missed you today."
Jack reached towards me, wrapping his hand around mine and he pulled me close. He enclosed me in his arms and I could finally breathe. I closed my eyes and snaked my arms around his torso. He pressed his face against my neck and left a small kiss before pulling away.
I still had my arms wrapped around his torso as I looked up at him, "Can we talk?" I whispered like someone could hear us if I was too loud.
Jack led me into the living room and we sat down on the couch. I turned my body to the side so I could face him easier. I went into the story about the mysterious white box that was left for me yesterday. And by the look on his face when I was talking about it, he had no idea. "Do you think it was Paxton?"
He hesitated, but shook his head, "I don't think so. Anything is possible with Paxton though."
It fell quiet because I was lost in thought. If it wasn't Paxton, then I had no idea who the hell this could possibly be from. And I had no idea what I was going to be walking into. "Are you going to go?"
"I think so."
"I'd go with you if I could." The tinge of sadness in his voice made my chest swell.
I placed a hand on his arm and smiled, "I know." I didn't want to mention James going yet. "Can I ask you something? I know you're going to get mad, but it's been eating at me since yesterday."
Jack raised a brow, "Go ahead."
"Um, yesterday when you were talking to Paxton—"
Jack let out a loud laugh, "I knew you were listening."
"And I didn't ask anything. But I am now."