
"What?" I spoke before my brain could catch up with me. Maybe them not being cousins isn't a big deal, but it was to me. "If he's not your cousin, then who is he?"
Jack moved closer to me, taking me hand between his own. "Someone that gets me in a lot of trouble."
"Jack—"
"Before you ask, no. He's not the reason I'm in trouble now." His eyes lifted away from mine and looked over my shoulder. I didn't want to believe Jack would choose now to lie to me.
I don't even know if he's ever told me the truth. How do I know he hasn't been lying from the start? I want to believe that Jack has really been nothing but honest. But the way he's avoiding my gaze is telling me otherwise. "Okay."
He looked into my eyes again and moved his hands to cup my cheeks, "I'm standing by my word to keep you out of this, Juliet. Paxton thinks you're not helping me anymore and I want it to stay that way." He brushed his fingers over my temple, tucking a loose strand of hair behind my ear. "I don't think you should come over as often."
I felt hollow, "Is that what you want?"
Jack smiled weakly, "It's what I need."
Part of me understood and part of me thought he might not want me around anymore. "I guess I'll go home if you don't need my help right now." I turned my head so Jack's hands fell away from my face. I started to stand but Jack wrapped his fingers around my wrist. He tugged and I lost my balance, resulting in my fall in his lap. "You can stay for a bit." He grinned at me, "I mean, since you missed me all day."
I let myself smile, "What makes you think it was all day?"
Jack hummed and moved in closer, "Because you told me."
"I said I missed you today, but not all—"
His mouth was on mine before I could finish. My lips curled into a smile against his, "Don't make a habit out of this." I mumbled against his lips and kissed him back.
"I told you I couldn't help it." He muttered back.
I let out a soft laugh and reconnected our lips for a moment not long enough. When I pulled back, I left the smallest kiss on his jaw. I was about to pull away, but Jack held me in place. His breath brushed across the bare skin of my neck and everything seized to exist. "I wouldn't do this if it wasn't important."
He let me go and I leveled my face with his, "I know." I breathed and looked down at his lips, "I guess I'll start coming over late again, but only one day a week instead."
"As much as I hate to agree, that would work."
"What about when I'm done helping you? What's going to happen then?"
An emotion I couldn't place slid on Jack's face, "I don't know." He said truthfully. I thought what he would say would make me feel better. But that didn't help at all. I was worried. "I shouldn't have waited so long."
"For what?"
"To kiss you."
And I was blushing again, "And exactly how long have you waited, Jack?" I teased, clasping my hands around the back of his neck.