
"Got it."
After John left, I stayed around and talked to my parent's before they went off to work. My mom insisted on staying with me, but I told her I would be fine. I'm about to sleep the day away.
Before I ventured upstairs, I checked all the locks on the doors to make sure everything was secure. I'm going to be paranoid for the next forty-eight hours.
I made into my room and plopped down on my bed. I tucked myself under the blanket and closed my eyes. It was the first time I actually wanted to sleep. It was probably the easiest I've ever fallen asleep.
I woke up hours later to the sound of my mom downstairs cooking only god knows what. It did smell good so it can't be too bad. I reached over to my bedside table and grabbed my phone. I had a message from Juliet telling me she missed me already. Instead of messaging back, I called her. "Hello, Trouble." I could hear the smile in her voice.
"Does that mean you're my sidekick?"
"Clearly." She laughed, "How's everything going?"
I told her as much as I could because John did tell me not to talk to anyone. But I told Juliet everything before I was told not to. I guess it wasn't a good idea, but she had to know, "I should know more soon."
"That's great. Paxton and Jeremy will get what they deserve."
"I hope so."
"You won't have to worry about them much longer, Jack. It's all going to work out and I can't wait."
It brought a smile to my lips, "And after this is over, I'm going to have school to worry about."
"You do have a pretty great tutor, so you shouldn't have a problem with school anymore."
"She's really distracting though..."
"Don't get me started on distractions, McKinnon."
I laughed and sat up in bed, "It's true, you're nothing but distracting."
"You know how to make a girl feel special, don't you?"
Even though she couldn't see it, I grinned. More to myself than anything, "It's my job to make you feel special." I teased, "Speaking of feeling special...how are you feeling today?"
"Actually, I'm good. My only problem is that I miss you."
"Can you get away tonight?"
"Yeah, I'll meet you under our tree at midnight."
"Perfect. See you at midnight."
Once we hung up, I got out of bed. I opened my door and the smell of my mom's cooking enveloped me. It was a rarity that she ever cooked. She only ever cooked on special occasions or if she was just in a really good mood.
I hope it's both.
My dad locked himself in his office after dinner and left my mom and me alone. I helped her clean up for the first time in I don't even know how long. It'll also help pass the time until Midnight so I can see Juliet.
She went upstairs, but asked me a million times if I was okay before she actually left. I sat on the couch and flipped through channels. I finally got annoyed and just left it on whatever channel it landed on. My dad soon emerged from his office.