
The way she talked about Jack was new. It was new to me anyway. Every time I've heard someone talk about him, it was never good. I've never heard anyone talk highly of Jack, not once. And hearing it from someone as sweet as Madison made me believe he was a completely different person. Not the person he is now. Or who he's pretending to be.
On the down side, it didn't help how I felt about him. As horrible as it sounds, I was hoping Madison had nothing good to say. I wanted that to influence my decision. If anything, it made it harder.
When I got off work, I closed up and went home. Meredith was home, but James wasn't. He hasn't been all day and I wondered if I should be worried. Meredith has told me he does this sometimes. It was odd because I haven't seen him all day. Haven't even heard from him. I'm sure he's just fine.
I was a bit happy Meredith was already in bed when I got home so I didn't have to make an excuse to sneak out. Meredith is great company, but sometimes it's hard to get away. And she can't keep a secret, so I trust the other twin to hold all of them basically.
I took a quick shower and put on comfortable clothes. I put my hair into a messy knot and put my shoes on. I quietly walked down the stairs and out the front door. I walked to Jack's house and rang the doorbell. I was feeling nervous. More nervous than I have coming here before and I think it has to do with this new information.
Jack opened the door and my smile fell immediately.  "What happened?" I gasped, taking his face in between my hands gently. We walked further inside and I closed the door with my foot.
"It's nothing." He mumbled.
The cut on his lip, the bruise beneath his eye, and the gash against his opposite cheek told me different. "Nothing?" I swallowed the lump in my throat and brushed my thumb across his bruised cheek. "This is the total opposite of nothing, Jack."
"I'm fine." He moved his eyes away from mine and swatted my hands away.
"You're not fine. What the hell happened? Did you at least put ice on it?" I wrapped my hand around his wrist and brought him towards the living room. I forced him to sit on the couch while I went to the kitchen. I grabbed a dishcloth and wrapped a few pieces of ice in it before retreating to the living room.
Jack raised his head as I came back in the room. I kneeled in front of him and leaned forward to press the ice against his swollen cheek. "I don't need your help."
"I never said you did."
He placed his hand over the one against his cheek and I dropped my hand. I leaned against his leg and looked up at him, "Who did that to you?"
"I ran into a door."
I rolled my eyes, "Then I feel sorry for the door."
Jack managed to laugh and it made me feel a bit better. It was a short-lived feeling when he winced, "I guess the door did more damage than you think." I sat up on my knees again and reached for the hem of his shirt.
Jack put a hand over mine before I could lift it, "Don't. I'm fine."
It was my turn to swat his hand away. He didn't stop me when I lifted his shirt, another small gasp escaping my lips. There was a large bruise close to his hip and I lifted the shirt a bit higher, seeing another smaller bruise on the upper side of his torso. "You should've called the—"