
He leaned back on his hands while he studied me, "I want to follow my mom's path and be a writer someday."He climbed off of his bed and paced towards me, "Weird, right?"
I shook my head and smiled at him, "Not at all."I looked back to his shelf, "I want to follow my mom too. She was an English Major. Obsessed with Shakespeare, hence my name."
My grandma told me the story of how my name came to be. My mom loved to read and write more than anything. She said that's where I get it from. I couldn't be happier about that. I hope to follow her footsteps when I'm finished with high school. And knowing Jack wants to do basically the same thing makes me like him even more than I already do.
Jack laughed beside me, "We should've been friends a long time ago."
"That would require you to actually talk to me."
"I talked to you."
I snorted, "You haven't said a word to me since I left that school. Even then, you didn't say anything to me."
"A lot's changed."
"It has."I smiled at him and moved away from the bookshelf and to his dresser. There were plenty of pictures on display below his TV that hung against the wall. I picked up one of the pictures. It was Jack and Anna when they were little. "Where are the embarrassing baby pictures?"I sat the picture down and picked another one up.
Still no embarrassing baby pictures. "I guess your mom is hoarding them." I mumbled and sat the picture down. I started to wonder if my dad had any of embarrassing baby pictures of me.
Or if he had any at all.
I know he wasn't the best, but he had to have some, right? I was beginning to rethink that whole thing about him not possibly loving me enough. Maybe he did. I just couldn't see how he loved me, if he gave me up.
Jack's hands reached in front of me, taking the picture from my hand. He sat the picture down and turned me around to face him. "You're crying." He stated, brushing his thumbs under my eyes.
I sniffled and turned away from him to wipe my eyes. I didn't even notice I was crying, "I'm fine." And now realizing I was indeed crying, it wasn't making it any better.
"Juliet." Jack said softly.
I felt him come up behind me again. He wrapped an arm across my shoulders and pulled my back against his chest, "What's wrong?"
I gripped his forearm and fell against him, "Just this stuff with my dad. But I'm fine, don't worry."
"Of course I'm going to worry." He rubbed my arm soothingly, "I can do better than baby pictures. I have home videos."
I laughed and ran a hand under my eyes again. If this was his idea of making me feel better, it was working.
He leaned his head towards my ear and whispered, "There's even one of me in nothing but underwear, cowboy boots, and I light saber."
I started laughing harder, "For your sake, I hope you're kidding."
Jack pulled away from me and I turned around to face him, "Me? Kid? No, I promise you this rare footage exists. Even after I told my mom to burn it."
I covered my mouth to keep from laughing anymore, "I need to see this."
