
Jeremy barked out a loud laugh, "Go home, kid. It's past your bedtime."
I grounded my teeth together and threw the first punch that connected with his jaw. Jeremy came back full force, tackling me to the ground and throwing his fist in attempt to punch my face, but I moved in time for his fist to connect with the concrete. He hissed out a few curse words and came back at me again.
I braced my feet against his chest and put all my strength into shoving him off of me. He fell to his back, sprawled out against the black asphalt.  "Enough!" Paxton's voice echoed through the empty alley.
I stood back up and brushed myself off.
Jeremy swiped a thumb over his bottom lip and examined the spot of crimson the action left behind, "This isn't over."
"It's definitely over." Paxton said, "Jack, go home. I don't want you part of this."
"Don't you think it's too late for that, Paxton?"
"No. So go. Now."
Everything that happened after those few words were spoken went by in a flash. Jeremy yelled something and snatched the gun from Paxton. Two quick gunshots sounded, piercing the night air.
I hadn't realized I covered my ears until I uncovered them. They were ringing from the loudness of the gun. I looked around and ran my hands over my body at the same time. I looked over at Paxton and he was still standing. He hovered over the body of the man that was once alive, but now lay in a pool of his own blood.
"What did you do?" I bellowed and rushed to the guy lying on the ground. I bent on my knees, pressing down on his wounds. He wasn't breathing, it was far too late. And now I had blood all over my hands.
"Jack, stop-"
I shoved Paxton back as I stood up, "Look what you did! You just killed that guy." I felt my chest tighten when I turned to Jeremy, "I hope you're both happy."
Jeremy looked a bit freaked out. He dropped the gun and caught my arm before I could leave, "Oh, no. You're not getting out this now."
He shoved me to the ground and kneeled beside me. He picked the gun up from the ground and attempted to clean it with the sleeve of his jacket. He put the gun in one of my hands and tightened my fingers around it, "You should've left when your little friend Paxton told you to."
When he let go of my hand, I dropped the gun and tried to get up. Jeremy kicked me back down and wrapped his hand tight around my throat. "We're going to get a few things clear right now."
I couldn't focus as his hand tightened around my neck.
He used his free hand to tap the side of my face to get me to focus, "Listen here, Pretty Boy."
I tried lifting my arms, but I couldn't feel them anymore.
"I need you to understand something. I'm not going down for this."
"Jeremy, just let him go-"
"No!" Jeremy snapped, "Do you want to go to prison?"
Paxton didn't say anything, "Of course you don't."
Jeremy looked down at me and let go of my neck.