
"Since you're up, can you get the paper for me? It was late this morning."
I nodded and walked outside. I guess Grandma was called into work early. But I never minded doing favors for them. They're they best people in my life and I would do anything for them. And that includes getting the paper from the driveway.
The sound of car doors slamming made me jump a little. I got scared too easily.
After I picked up the paper, I looked over to the McKinnon's. They were all dressed up. Even Jack was in a black and white suit. And it's like everything he said to me last night just melted away. He saw me and sent a wave in my direction. Next, he waved me over and my stomach dropped.
I just said I didn't want to be over here anymore, and I find myself walking towards him. "I'll be in in a minute." He told his parent's and his sister, Anna, was in town as well. I haven't seen her since she left for college two years ago. But we never had any problems. She smiled at me and followed her parents inside.
Jack stopped in front of his line of string with his hands in his pockets. I can't deny he looks really good. And I wanted to punch myself for thinking that. "What's with the suit?" I asked.
"Had a meeting with the lawyers today."
"Ah, so they let you out of your cage for a few hours." That was a horrible joke and I wanted to take it back. Sort of.
But Jack laughed. "Something like that. I'm not in jail, so that's gotta count for something."
I nodded in agreement. I hesitated for a few moments, but opened my mouth to speak. "Are we going to just pretend you didn't say that to me last night? Or why you even told me that?"
Jack looked around anywhere but my eyes. He took a nervous glance back at his house and finally met my gaze. "I shouldn't have said anything, okay?" He rushed in a whisper. "Don't bring it up again."
The sound of Anna's voice calling for Jack broke our contact. "Mom wants to talk to you."
"I said I'll be there in a minute." The annoyance in his voice didn't go unnoticed.
She just nodded and went back inside.
Jack turned back to face me, the same irritated look still etched into his features. "You really shouldn't have said that to me then."
He rolled his eyes, "I just said that. So don't bring it up again. No one has to know, remember?"
"That was about me tutoring you, it's different—"
"It's not. Just stop talking about it. When we work together, you don't talk about any of it. We strictly limit our conversations to French and Chemistry."
Feeling the burn of my cheeks, I just nodded. "Just a tip, Jack, learn to be a little nicer to people and maybe you'll get the same in return." I hissed in a whisper.
"This is me being nice." He retorted. "If I was being mean, you wouldn't even be standing here."
I took a step closer to him and dropped my voice down to a lower whisper. "You really expect me to help you after that?"
He lowered his face down to mine, his brown eyes more taunting. "Then leave."
"Fine." I placed my hands flat against his chest, giving him a forceful shove. "Good luck passing your exams."