

A pair of soft blue eyes were staring down at me when I woke up Thursday morning. The sight of James's grin was enough to creep me out. "What are you doing?" I groaned, turning over on my side. I pulled the blanket over my head but it was jerked from me moments later.
"I've been gone for two days and this is how you greet me? Shame, Juliet."
I fell back over on my back and sent him a glare. "It's my day off and you're waking me up. Let me sleep." I tried reaching for the blanket but he jerked his hand back.
"Meredith wants to do something today. Says she needs a girl day." James rolled his eyes. "Believe me, she saw plenty of her friends yesterday. So, it has been made my quest to get you out of it."
I pushed myself up into a sitting position, "And how do you think you're going to get me out of that?"
"Easy." He smiled. "I'm going to go downstairs and tell her that you're very sick and you need all the rest you can get." He said the last part in a baby voice.
"Yeah, okay. I have plans today anyway."
James looked confused, but he caught on. "Right. The deal. Well, then you really need to get out of this. I'll tell her you're sick."
"Make sure she buys it."
James nodded and stood from my bed. "Feel better, Juliet." He smirked and backed out of my room.
Meredith didn't come check on me or anything so I was relieved. I got out of bed, took my shower, and changed into today's clothes. A pair of shorts and a t-shirt was all I needed. I put my hair up into a loose ponytail and checked my reflection. The bags under my eyes were barely there now. I've slept pretty well these past few days surprisingly. Even though I stayed up all night Tuesday after I got home from Jack's because of everything that happened.
I told him something I never told anyone, including Lindy.
The ghost of an almost kiss...
It was another hour and Meredith left. James came into my room, telling me the coast is clear. "Where's my grandparent's?" I asked as we walked down the stairs.
"They went to lunch with a few friends."
"Good, they probably won't be back for a bit." When we reached the bottom of the stairs, I threw my arms around his shoulders. "Thanks so much for doing this. I owe you one."
He laughed and hugged me back. "Just don't do anything stupid."
I took a step back and opened the door. "Sometimes I wish I had a brother." I opened the door and stepped out. "Thanks again! I'll see you later."
The walk to Jack's was obviously short. I rang the doorbell and waited. I felt my stomach flutter a little when the door opened. But instead of Jack, it was Paxton on the other side. "What can I do to help you?" He asked, the corner of his mouth turning up into a smirk.
"Where's Jack?" I asked in a small voice.
Paxton stepped out of the doorway and gestured for me to come in. Once I stepped inside, he spoke, "He's in the shower, but he should be out any minute. You can wait in the living room and I'll tell him you're here."
I mumbled a thanks and retreated to the living room. I sat down on the couch I once slept on and I thought of how much has changed since that night. It's only been a few weeks, not even a month into summer yet. And I feel different about him. He hasn't been mean to me lately, so I'm counting that as a definite plus.