
I got into the passenger seat once again and James drove us home.
When we got to my house, Lindy left. Meredith was already ahead of us, walking inside without saying a word to James. She knows it's coming probably. She just doesn't know how bad it's coming.
James didn't follow.
"He knows I'm still talking to Jack."
James leaned back against his car and looked at me, "I knew there was something up with that hug."
"I don't know what his problem is. I don't even know him." I never told James about that night I saw him standing under my window. And now I really have to. "I caught him standing outside my window a few weeks ago." I spoke softly, scared James was going to explode.
I waited for the explosion that didn't come. "Are you serious?" He stood up straight, "Has he been following you?"
"Not that I know of now."
"Do you think he's stalking my sister?" He dropped his voice down to a whisper.
"I don't think so." I said truthfully, but I honestly had no idea what Paxton is capable of.  "I feel like he's only doing this to get to me because of something to do with Jack."
James walked to the passenger side of his car and opened the door for me. I got inside and waited for him to get in on the other side. He started the car back up and we left again. "I know you're going to get mad at me if I say this."
"Say what?"
"Maybe being around Jack isn't really...safe. Clearly, because he has a stalker cousin who won't leave you alone."
Forgot to mention that he's not really Jack's cousin, "I'm not leaving Jack."
"I don't want you to get hurt, Juliet."
"I won't." I looked ahead, "But thank you for looking out for me."
James let out a sigh. He's probably getting annoyed, but it wouldn't surprise me at all, "It's not just looking out for you. Its...never mind. Just be careful, please."
"I will." I looked down at my hands and nervously picked at my fingers, "Jack...he's worth all of it."
James sighed again, but he didn't answer me.
We drove in silence until we reached our destination. We were at the lake. I was curious as to why he would bring me here. We've been here a couple of time already, so it wasn't anything new. But being here alone with James felt different. I felt like he had a different motive for this trip and I tainted it by my confession.
Jack is worth all of it.
We got out of the car and I followed James towards the dock. "Why are we here?"
I followed him to the end of the dock and he sat down with his legs hanging over the ledge. He patted the spot next to him and I sat down as well. "Look over there." He pointed the patch of woods to my right.
I faced where he had pointed, but saw nothing, "What am I looking for exactly?"
"Come on." He quickly stood up.