
Passionate.
I pulled back and looked up at him, "If you won't be selfish, I will." And I stood on my toes to reconnect our lips. We fought back and forth for non-existent dominance. Jack leaned into me and I felt his hands on the backs of my upper thighs. He lifted me with ease and I wrapped my legs around his hips. I wound my arms around his neck and held on to him.
He lowered himself on his bed, bringing me with him. My hands moved to either side of his face to support my weight as I straddled his lap. When I felt like I couldn't breathe, I pulled back. My pant was out of sync with his as we tried catching our breath. If I didn't stop now, I don't think I could. "I should probably get home. My grandma has been checking on me every night since..." I knew I didn't have to explain.
Jack put his hands on my hips, his thumbs peeking under my shirt, "Have you talked to him?"
I shook my head, "I don't plan on it either."
Jack smiled up at me and freed a hand to tuck a loose strand of hair behind my ear, "I'd kick his ass if I could."
I laughed for the first time today, "Keep thinking like that and I'll probably let you." I tilted my head, scanning his face, "Sure I'm good for you?"
Jack laughed again and brought my lips down to his again, "Maybe too good."
"If I don't leave now, I never will."
Jack smiled against my lips and I knew he didn't have any intentions on letting me go that moment. And in that moment, I really didn't care.

Unfortunately, I woke up in my bed alone. I stole another one of Jack's shirts before I left last night. It may seem crazy, but his scent was enough to help me sleep a bit more. I wasn't fully rested, but it was enough for me to get out of bed and call Lindy. She would probably be here any minute.
There was a knock on my door and James peeked his head in the door before walking inside. I smiled at him and he returned it, "You're okay today." He stated, but it felt like a question.
"Not fully, but I will be. I'm much better today."
James walked in further and sat down on the edge of my bed, "Let me guess...Jack?"
"Partly Jack and partly myself."
"It's good to see your smile after a week. What ever happened between you two, I'm glad you worked it out."
I never did tell James what happened that morning. I didn't tell him we were caught and I blamed everything on my dad. A majority of it was my dad coming back into my life and Jack's mom just put the cherry on the cake. So much happened in the span of that day, I didn't even want to talk about it.
I may have lost my mom and dad, but I wasn't about to lose Jack. I hope I made that clear to him last night and most of all, I hope he felt the same. Everything with Jack happened so fast. In the span of two months all of this happened. The one summer before my last year in high school had to be a pretty hectic one.