
"Are you sure? I don't want—"
"I'm sure." He stood up and went over to his couch. "If you need anything, just wake me up."
I stood up and walked to one side of the bed. I looked at Jack, who was turned so he was facing the couch. I debated on which side to sleep on because I know Jack favors a side unless he just sleeps in the middle. And when I got into his bed, his scent enveloped me. I moved more towards the middle, the smell still lingering around me, not that I'm complaining.
I struggled to fall asleep. The dim lighting from his bathroom barely lit up the room. I tossed and turned, eventually settling on staring at the ceiling. I let out a long breath and turned on my side to face Jack. He laid on his back now. I can barely see the rise and fall of his chest as he breathed.
When I finally closed my eyes, the sight of white hair flashed in my mind and my eyes opened again.
This was going to be a long night.
Sleep did finally take over, but when I woke up, I wasn't in Jack's bed. But I wasn't home. Jack's scent still surrounded me and was oddly strong. The surface beneath me was solid and warm. I was too afraid to open my eyes because I know what I was going to be facing.
But I opened my eyes slowly and tilted my head up. Jack was asleep underneath me and my eyes widened with sudden realization.
Oh, god.
I was wedged between him and the couch. My head rested on his shoulder, his arm tight around my waist. It took me another minute to register what happened. I don't even remember moving.
Shoot, I can't even remember why I moved.
I jolted up, almost stumbling off the couch. Jack woke up and caught my arm before I fell on my butt. "I have to go." I said quickly, shaking my arm from his grasp. I got off the couch again and took off running.
"Juliet!" Jack called out and I heard his footsteps close behind me. But I didn't stop. "Please, wait!"
I had my hand on the door handle, ready to bolt when his hand wrapped around my wrist. He pulled me away from the door and I tugged my arm out of his grasp. "I told you I can't do this." I turned around to face him. "I can't...with you, I just can't—"
What happened next was nothing less than a shock.
Jack pulled me close, his hands caressing my face gently as he kissed me. I couldn't think of anything else than the soft burning feel of his lips against mine. His hands caressing me gently. It was everything I thought it would be and then some.
I responded as I thought I would. I responded in a way I didn't want to. I didn't want to be weak under Jack's touch, but I was. I felt like I was melting. Jack wrapped an arm around my waist, pulling me closer so I was flush against his chest. When he pulled away, he leaned his forehead against mine, his thumb idly tracing my bottom lip. "Why did you do that?" I whispered.
"To get you to shut up." He dropped his hands and took a step back.
"Don't do it again."
I turned around and walked out without another word. I wanted to ignore that feeling fluttering in my stomach, but it felt impossible.