
I stepped down from my window seat and started my way down the stairs. When I walked into the kitchen, James was dabbing at his forearm and curse word slipped from his lips. "You okay?" I asked.
He jumped a little and turned around quickly. "Yeah, sorry."
I took a few steps closer to him, "May I?" I asked, moving my hands towards his arm.
He nodded and I took his forearm in my hand. "What did you do?"
"I told your grandpa I can handle cutting a couple of wooden boards for him while they ran to the store. Clearly, I can't."
I shook my head and bit back a laugh. "I don't need to know anymore."
I brought him to the breakfast table and rested his arm on a dishtowel. I proceeded to retrieve the first aid kit and sit down next to him. "Where's Meredith?" I opened up the kit to get the peroxide.
"Shopping is what she does best, so I'm sure you can guess."
I laughed a little, "Sounds like Lindy."
I cleaned him up the best I could and patched up his wound. "So," James started. "A guy was here for you this morning."
I looked at him curiously, "What was his name?"
"Michael. That your boyfriend?"
"Nope."
James raised a brow, "You sure about that?"
"Yep." Definitely wasn't going to talk about Michael with James.
James stood up and helped me clean up the mess we made. Or, more like James made. "Do you need a ride to work? I don't think they'll be back before you have to leave." James offered.
I smiled up at him. "That would be great, thank you."
I walked back upstairs to get ready. I already had my clothes laid out, black shorts and a white shirt that clung to my skin. I got dressed, put on my shoes, and tied my hair back into a tight ponytail. I checked my appearance to make sure I didn't scare away any customers. I did my best to cover the bags under my eyes, but I'm not sure concealer is going to do them justice.
James was waiting by the door for me. Once I reached the bottom of the stairs, we went outside to his car. I looked across the street and noticed all the news vans were finally gone. The McKinnon's must be happy about that. Shoot, I'm even happy about it.
Before I got into the passenger side, the sound of talking caught my attention. And being the creeper I am, I looked over at Jack's. He was in a heated conversation with Paxton, the obnoxious cousin. Whatever they were talking about, must be really important to be lashing out outside.
When James closed his door, the sound brought me out of my trance.  I hurried to open my door and hop in but it wasn't long before I heard my name. James and I turned our heads at the same time, "Who's that?"James asked as he started the car.
Paxton is the one that called my name and he sent a wild wave in my direction. I returned the wave and forced a smile on my face. Jack looked mad as usual. He didn't acknowledge me at all, but that's understandable. I did tell him no one was to know. But Paxton didn't know that, and here he is, waving like a mad man to get my attention.
The relief I felt when James pulled out of the driveway felt like a weight being lifted from my chest. "That was Paxton."