
"Don't say that to me. Do not guilt trip me because it only makes me want to stay here more."
"I'm sorry." He said, "But please. One week, that's all I'm asking."
I studied him again, thinking over everything he's said to me. "I'll give you an answer by Monday."
A smile slowly tugged at his lips, "I can take that."
And I'm dumb for actually thinking about going.
After a few moments, we ordered lunch and ate. I asked him a few questions about my mom, and of course, asked them how they met and all the juicy stuff. It seemed to go smoother than I expected. I didn't cry or throw anything at him, so that's got to be a plus for me.
He walked me to my car, but before I got in, he handed me the photo album. "I've been wanting to give this to you for awhile."
I couldn't help but smile, "Uh, thank you. It means a lot to have something of my moms."
"I have a few other things of hers I could give you if you come visit me in California."
"Are you trying to bribe me?"
"No. If you choose to not visit me, I'll have them mailed to you."
That made me feel a bit better, "I'll let you know soon."
He gave me a cut off nod and opened my car door for me. I got inside and he shut the door. I waved to him and he walked away with a smile of his face. I put the photo album on the passenger seat and slumped a little. I was relieved that it was over and nothing too bad happened.
Except the fact that he actually thought I would leave everything to go back to California with him.
Two words.
Not. Happening.
I started the car and started my journey home. I stopped at a drug store to get some chocolate because I deserved it after that. I turned up the radio, blasting whatever song happened to be on the popular station. Style by Taylor Swift played loudly as I attempted, and failed to sing along. I should probably leave the singing to her so I don't hurt myself.
I pulled into the driveway as the song ended and turned off the car. I tucked my left over chocolate in the bag, grabbed the photo album, and got out of the car. Instead of going straight inside, I walked over to Jack's house. I rang the doorbell and rocked back and forth on my heels.
The door opened and Jack's smiling, yet surprised face was on the other end, "It went well?" He asked.
I stepped inside and Jack closed the door behind me, "Uh, yeah. Better than I expected it to go." I held up the photo album, "He gave me this. I didn't look at all of it, but he did mention some baby pictures."
"Good. Because you owe me."
I walked into the living room, setting the photo album on the coffee table along with my bag of chocolate. I sat down on the floor in front of it and Jack soon joined me. He sat next to me, leaning his elbow on the table and looking at me, "You better hope they're embarrassing."