
"Me too."
James stayed and talked to me until Lindy got here. And then he left with Meredith because their parents were back in town for the weekend. James didn't want to leave and I don't think Meredith did either. I think they're used to not having their parents around so much. They haven't been around since the divorce.
Lindy and I stayed huddled in my room, the curtains closed, and the lights off. I don't know how many episodes of The Walking Dead we got through, but it was enough because the sky was drenched in darkness and spotted with stars. It was almost time to go to Jack's.
Tonight's the last night I have to help him and he takes his exams next Monday and Tuesday. I was nervous for him, over something as simple as a few exams. I didn't want to think about his trial that was in about a month. More or less, give or take.
He still doesn't talk to me about it. He doesn't say anything that happened that night and he doesn't talk about Paxton. As far as I know, Paxton doesn't even come around anymore. I'm sure I'm wrong though. I don't care enough about Paxton to ask about him. I do know he hurt Jack and he's a stalker. If I saw him, I'd probably give him a piece of my mind.
I wanted to know more about the case because it was eating away at me. But I've tried doing research and I basically get the same article. The same story that runs on all the news stations and that's published in all the newspapers. If I wanted to know more, I would have to go straight to the source.
Jack.
The problem with Jack is that he won't tell me anything. It's for my own good, I know, but I'm not the only one with a curious mind wondering exactly what happened. I know Jack says he doesn't remember anything, but why's he a suspect? Why was in that area? There are things he can remember. He just doesn't remember if he was the one to actually pull the trigger.
Lindy's loud yawn pulled me out of my repeating thoughts. The credits for the episode displayed on my TV. We made it through the first season and part of the second. "I guess I'm going to go." She stood and stretched out her arms, "Have fun tonight and do something I would do."
I'm sure I already have.
"Goodnight, Lindy." I put my hands over my reddening cheeks.
She smirked and waved before leaving.
I didn't bother changing into anything else and left to go next door. I always looked both ways in case the neighbors were watching. Not only is it bad for me, it's bad for Jack because of our nosy neighbors. I didn't knock or ring the doorbell and used the key he had hid behind one of their potted plants. I found it and unlocked the door.
I walked up the stairs and walked down the long hallway to Jack's room. When I made it to his open doorway, I stopped abruptly. Jack stood in the middle of his room, hands open in front of him as he looked down at them. He clenched his hands into fists and looked up at me.
"What's wrong?" I asked, slowly making my way towards him.
He looked back down at his clenched hands. He unclenched and clenched them back until his knuckles turned white. "I...I remember..."
"Remember?"
"What happened that night...I remember..."