
I heard the front door open and I stood quickly.
"Is someone here?" He asked.
"One second." I hurried out of the kitchen before he could ask any more questions. Jack was closing the door when I ran up to him, "Whose car is that in the driveway?" He asked.
"My dad's here."
Jack's eyes widened, "He's here now? Like right now right now?"
I nodded and grabbed his hands, "I'm sorry, he just stopped by. He shouldn't be here long, I promise." I started pulling him towards the kitchen but he stopped abruptly. "What?"
"You want me to meet him?"
"Why not?"
I dropped one hand and carried him through the house holding the other. When we entered the kitchen, Will stood up from the table. I glanced between the two and noted the height difference. Jack was maybe taller by a few inches. And my dad looked surprised to see a boy next to me, "Who's this?" He held his hand out in Jack's direction.
"Jack." He answered and shook my dad's hand with his free one.
"Oh, the boyfriend." Will grinned and dropped his hand, "It's good to finally meet you, Jack. I'm Will."
"I guess that would be me unless Juliet has other boyfriends she hasn't told me about." Jack cracked a joke so easily, sometimes it amazed me how calm he can actually be.
Will laughed, "She's only mentioned a Jack."
Jack dropped my hand and wrapped his arm tight around my shoulders, "We have that settled then." Jack kept a joking tone, "I can come back if you're busy—"
"No." Will answered, "It's okay, I have to head out anyway." And then he looked at me, "I hope your grandparents know about this."
"He's keeping me company until James gets back."
"James?"
I nodded, "He's a friend staying for the summer." Not that I need to explain anything to him, "Jack's the only guy I need in my life right now—and not like that—I'm just gonna stop talking now."
Will chuckled a little, "I get it. Well you two have a good night and I hope to hear from you soon, Juliet."
I nodded my head as Will shook Jack's hand again. He walked around us and left us alone. Finally.
Jack and I stood in the kitchen, a little confused. I did need to give Will an answer about California, but it's honestly the least of my worries right now. Jack's in my kitchen right now. And that's about all I could focus on right now.
"I can't believe you're actually standing here...even though you're still not supposed to."
He dropped his arm from around my shoulders and stood in front of me, "What they won't know won't hurt." The corner of his lips perked into a crooked smirk.
I placed my hands on his hips and balled his shirt into my fists, "I guess I have to get used to you being here."
"I know a place where we can start."
"Oh?"
"But before I get the grand tour, I guess we should get this over with."