
We made it back to his for the second time that day. I was surprised to find all of the work already on his desk, like he was actually working by himself. Which clearly, he has. But for some reason, it was still surprising. He really needed a bigger distraction than homework. Whatever works for him. "So, Paxton seems interesting."
Jack let out a loud laugh. "Yeah, right. Interesting doesn't even cover it."
Jack retrieved the chair from the corner of the room and put it next to his desk. "I don't think I've ever seen him before." I noted. "Does he live close?"
Jack sat down and I took the seat next him. "Florida. He's just in town for a bit. He hasn't been here for a few years."
I opened my mouth to speak, but there was a knock on Jack's door and it opened. Anna stepped through and smiled. No hint of surprise. "Hey, just wanted to let you know I'm going to bed." And she looked at me. "It's good to see you, Juliet."
"See you in the morning." Jack said.
She sent another smile and left.
Jack didn't say anything. He was scanning through his worksheets, pulling one out that was filled with French words. "What was that?" I asked.
He continued going through his papers without looking in my direction. "What was what?"
"Does she know?"
Jack dropped his papers and looked at me. "We tell each other everything. Trust me, she won't tell my parents."
"Trust you? I said not to tell anyone and you did." I hissed in a whisper.
He looked utterly defeated when he spoke again, "It was this morning because I felt guilty about it all week. She got me to crack. She slapped the side of my head, called me an idiot, and told me I needed to fix it."
Ah, so Jack didn't really have any intentions on apologizing, his sister made him feel worse than he was already feeling. "Sorry." I sighed. "I just can't—"
"Have anyone finding out, I know. And I'm sorry, I should've told you I told her. But I know she wouldn't say anything."
I gave him a small smile. "Thank you."
We went into full work mode for what seemed like hours, but an hour had only passed. He kept up his end about being nice and I kept my end up and helped him. I still couldn't get over Jack speaking French. He's surprisingly good at it once he get's the word down. There are some things I could listen to all day and one of those things is Jack speaking French.
I wrote another list, except with sentences he needs to learn. And the last one I wrote hopefully he gets. When our session was over, he walked me outside. I looked over at my house and saw a line of people still leaving. More like stumbling anyhow. Can't wait to see the mess James stirred up. And I can't wait to make him clean all of it.
I looked back up at Jack and sighed, "I guess I'll see you Tuesday."
When I look at him, I have so many questions. So many questions I probably don't want to know the answer to, but I need the answers to before I lost my mind. "I'll see you Tuesday." I started backing away slowly before turning on my heel and walking towards my house.