
-Juliet-

"You're actually going?" James's voice carried into my room as he stepped inside.
I stood in front of my mirror, examining the outfit I had picked to have dinner over at the McKinnon's. I picked a simple white sundress. I didn't want to over do it and I didn't want to show up in a t-shirt and jeans. It was nice of Marie to invite me, I don't want to look like I haven't showered in a week.
"Yeah, why not?" I stepped away from my mirror and walked up to James, "What are your plans tonight?"
He lifted his shoulders in a shrug, "The last season of Breaking Bad was put on Netflix and it's calling my name." A boyish grin slid on his lips.
"Oh, tempting." I walked out of my room, "If you want, we can start it when I get back." I reached the bottom of the stairs and turned around to face him.
He eyed me warily, "This is up for negotiation."
"I'll buy you lunch tomorrow."
"You drive a hard bargain my friend." He rubbed his chin in a mocking manner, "Make it pizza and we have a deal."
I thrust my hand in his direction, "We have a deal."
He smiled and shook my hand.
I walked over to Jack's with a fuzzy feeling in my stomach. I've never actually had dinner with his parents. I've had lunch with Marie when I used to help her with her garden, but I've only met his dad maybe five times since I've lived here. He's always been nothing but nice, so I'm trying not to be too nervous.
I took a deep breath and exhaled as I pressed the doorbell.
The door opened a few seconds later and I was relieved to see Jack on the other side. He smiled and quickly stepped outside while closing the door behind him. He gripped my face in his hands and pressed a kiss to my lips. He stepped away and left me in a small daze, "What was that for?"
"It'll have to hold me over for two hours." He grinned.
"Well I'm starving. Let me in."
He kissed me again quickly and opened the door back up. I followed Jack inside and closed the door behind me. We ventured through the house until we made our way into the dining room. Marie had just put a plate of food on the table when she noticed me.
She smiled widely and walked over to me. She pulled me into an unexpected hug, "So glad you could finally make it." She stepped back and gestured to the chair next to where Jack sat. "Go ahead and dig in."
Jack Sr. was sitting at the head of the table of course, "Good to have you over, Juliet." He smiled in my direction.
The resemblance between him and Jack was uncanny. They would never have to question that one. "Thank you for having me."
We all filled our plates and began eating. Jack was unusually quiet next to me. But why would he talk to me, right? As far as his dad knows we barely know each other. As for his mom...well...
"How's Paideia treating you?" Jack Sr. asked.
"Uh, great. I love it there."
"I'm sure the work load is crazy." Maria piped.
I nodded then shrugged, "It can be sometimes. But it keeps me busy."