
James and I looked to each other, not sure what to say, "You're looking at it." I pointed to the TV.
"Exciting."
And that was the end of that conversation.
When dinner was over, I retreated to my room where I can at least get a little bit of peace. Hopefully.
I picked a book from my shelf and took my seat at the window. I couldn't focus on the words that made up the page. They blurred together. After trying to read the same page for five minutes, I gave up. I slammed the book closed and threw it to the side.
I got up, frustrated with myself, and went into the bathroom. I drew myself a warm bath. I think I deserve it. I stripped free of my clothing and sank into the tub. I don't know what's wrong with me right now. I do know Jack's weaseled his way into my brain, burying himself there to make a permanent memory.
He could be the person that murdered that guy and here I am thinking about how soft his lips could be. It was idiotic. Barely at the brink of summer just weeks ago, he was horrible, and now, not so much...
I think I would rather him be mean to me. At least I would have an excuse to not have these thoughts. Him being a suspect should be a reason on it's own, but I can't help it. The thoughts that tear into my mind every five seconds are not helping me the slightest.
I shut my brain off, or attempted to, and got out of the tub. I wrapped a towel around my bare body and walked into my room. I gathered my clothes and went back into the bathroom to change and take care of other business.
As I was walking back into my room with my hairbrush, there was a knock on my door. I opened it to find Meredith standing on the other side. "Hey, can we talk?" She asked.
I nodded and let her in. "Oh, can I?" She pointed to my brush. "I've always wanted a sister so I could play with her hair. Tried that on James when we were eight. Still won't let me touch his hair."
The laugh that came out was easy. "Go ahead."
We sat down on my bed and Meredith sat behind me on her knees. She leaned forward a bit and started running the brush through my hair. "What did you want to talk about?"
"Well, it's more of a compliment." She laughed. "I wanted to thank you for keeping James out of trouble. You make it look so easy."
I shared her laughter, "He's been a good friend to me."
"You've been a good one to him as well. And that brings me to my next question." I felt her nimble fingers work through my hair as she started braiding it. "Is there something going on? You know...between you and James..."
I snorted, "No, I promise. He's an unexpected ally."
"I wouldn't be mad, Juliet. If anything, I would be happy. He needs someone to put him in his place and tell him that the world does not indeed revolve around his being."
She tied the end of my hair off with the band around her wrist and I turned around to face her, "That's good to know, but I swear, there's nothing going on. But I'm really glad we're friends. And I'm also glad he hasn't gotten into anymore trouble."
She smiled sadly. "I understand. He's probably not your type." She giggled a little. "Now that I think about it, I don't think you're his type, and not in a bad way. I really wish girls like you were his type. All the girls he hangs out with get him into all kinds of trouble. But I'm glad you can call him your friend."