
It's Friday and Jack had to leave this morning for another meeting with the lawyers. James came into my room, all ready to leave. "Where are you going?" I asked as I stood from my window seat.
"Dropping Meredith off at her friends and then going to my house to get a suit for tonight. You still want to go, right?"
"I do."
"And you still want me to go?"
"I do." I smiled.
James returned my smile, "I'll be back in a few hours then."
He ducked out of my room and left. I was grateful James offered to go. I would've been too afraid to ask him. I probably would've gone alone before I asked him to go with me.
I started thinking about what to wear, but forgot my dress has already been picked out for me. I tried it on earlier today and it fit perfectly. Hugged my hips and dipped with the curves of my waist. And I felt pretty. I was a bit excited to actually have a chance to wear it, despite the circumstances.
The dress hung against my closet door, waiting for me.
When my grandma saw it, I had to show her the note. She thinks it's a sweet gesture from Michael. Yep, she knew all about Michael. I think I talked to everyone about him, except him. And he never caught on. I'm glad I avoided that one.
I collected what I needed for a shower and walked into my bathroom. I took my time showering and making sure I shaved my legs slowly so I didn't end up with a million cuts. I washed my hair and the rest of my body and stepped out. I got dressed in a t-shirt and cotton shorts and dried my hair the best I could with just my towel.
I stepped into my room and almost fell over.
Jack was sitting on the edge of my bed. "Jack—"
"It's fine." He quickly stood. "It's not on. The officer's aren't back yet."
It was weird. Seeing Jack in my room. For one, he's never been in here. He's maybe seen a bit from his window, but other than that, he's never had the chance. And the fact that he should be on house arrest makes this situation a little more...dangerous?
I ignore his situation and focused on him. He wore the black and white suit he did before, but this time I can appreciate it. I've seen Jack in a suit many times because of his parents' events. There's just something about him now that makes my head and heart do funny things. "Will you get in trouble?"
"My lawyer is right outside my house, he's not going to let me go anywhere. Besides," He brushed his knuckles against my cheek, "I have something to lose now."
I smiled up at him and placed my hand over his, "It's good to see you."
Jack smiled and lowered his face to mine, "I couldn't pass up the opportunity." He kissed me softly and stepped back. "Your room looks smaller from over there." He stood in the middle of my room, turning to examine.
"Maybe because you only see to that wall." I pointed. It's the wall where my TV sat on my dresser.
"Maybe." He took one last look before his eyes fell on me. "Are you still going to that thing tonight?"