
When my phone beeped, my head snapped up. I looked out my window, and just like clockwork, Jack was taking his walk around the house. I guess you have to do anything to keep yourself busy when you're on house arrest.
I walked downstairs quietly and proceeded outside. I walked to my side of the house, catching Jack off guard when he came back around. "What are you doing—"
"No one can know." I rushed.
He looked at me curiously, taking a step behind the white line. "What?"
"I'll help you, but no one can know."
"Seriously?"
I hesitated, but nodded. "It will be Tuesday's and Thursday's, from ten at night to midnight, got it?"
He didn't say anything.
"Got it?" I repeated.
"Yeah...yeah, I got it."
He was still staring at me like I had two heads. "What?"
"What changed your mind?"
I rummaged through the excuses in my head, but none of them seemed convincing anyway. "Your mom actually. I felt a little guilty about it. But she can't know I'm helping because she talks to my grandparents and if they find out, they'll lock me in my room until I finish college."
An amused grin surfaced on his lips. "No one has to know."
"Thank you. I'll see you Tuesday night."
"See you Tuesday night."
I backed away, finally turning and heading back to my house.
Was I going to regret this? Probably.
Lindy popped up Sunday afternoon, basically begging me to go shopping with her. She has a date tomorrow night and she claims to have nothing to wear, but you should see her closet. You could definitely get lost in it if you go in far enough.
When Lindy left, I had to get ready for work. I worked at a small diner just a few minutes out. I had to work my schedule into my grandmas so I would be able to use the car. I've been working at the diner since I started high school and every penny of what I make goes into savings. Part for a new car and at least something for college.
I got in the car and I was on my way. I would never say I hated it. The owner, Ms. Patsy, is basically like a mother to me. She's been a friend of Grandma's for as long as I can remember. Thanks to my Grandma for getting me the job in the first place.
When I got to work, Madison was already working. She was tall, blonde hair down to her butt, and she was the epitome of innocent. "Hey, thank god you're here." She breathed, setting down an empty tray on the counter. "Dinner rush never ends."
Madison also happens to be Jack's ex-girlfriend.
I don't know how it happened.
But I liked her. Still don't know how she ever dated him.
I clocked in and tied a black apron around my waist. I stuffed the order pad and a pen in my pocket before leaving the back room. "Can you get table 7?" Madison asked, rushing to pin orders on the order line. "I have to get these orders out." She was gone before I could even say anything.