
-Jack-

Long, cold fingers tightened around my neck. I clawed at his hands, but it was a waste of energy. "Listen here, pretty boy." His breath reeked of different alcohols I couldn't place.
My arms were starting to go numb.
"I need you to..."
I couldn't hear him. His mouth was moving, but I was hearing nothing.
I lifted my hands from his fingers around my throat, placing them on his face in a failed attempt to get him away from me. I looked at my fingers through a hazed blur, seeing them covered in a red substance.
Blood.
But it wasn't mine.
Or was it?
I looked around me, trying to take in my surroundings. The edges of my vision started to go black. Everything was going black. I heard my name being called by a familiar voice. One I knew well. She was calling my name over and over again. I did my best to look around, but no one was here.
Only me, this guy, and a dead body a few feet away.
I couldn't even make out the guys face.
Just as he loosened his grip around my neck, he slammed my head back into the cold pavement.
My name was being called again. The voice. I couldn't picture the name of the voice.
That was until it became clearer. Juliet. She was calling my name, but I didn't see her. I couldn't. I was close to death and my eyes wouldn't open. Everything was cold. It felt like bricks were weighing on my head—
My eyes flew open and I took a gasped breath. My hand slowly moved to my neck. It was a dream. My breaths came in small pants now. I let my eyes adjust to the darkness of my room.
It felt so real. Everything about it felt real.
Juliet's hands were on my face as she hovered over me, "What the hell was that?" She breathed.
I closed my eyes again and leaned into her touch, "I-I think it was a memory." I spoke softly because I still haven't steadied my breathing.
"I couldn't wake you up. You scared the shit out of me."
I wanted to laugh at Juliet's language, "That's how it happened before." I opened my eyes and looked at her. The room was faintly lit from the sun just starting to rise, "It was almost the same one I had before. Except more vivid."
"What happened? You couldn't breathe..."
"Someone's hands were around my throat and I couldn't hear anything he was saying. He slammed my head against the ground and everything went dark. And I heard you calling my name."
She continued stroking my face, "Were you ever in the hospital?"
I nodded, "That's where I woke up. They told me I was only there for a day or so. My head..." I trailed off, feeling a dull ache against the back of my head, "I hit my head. I couldn't remember anything. That explains why I couldn't remember anything. The doctors told me I hit my head, now I remember how."