
"What are you doing?" He asked as I went to the fridge.
"Cooking isn't as hard as you think, Jack." I gathered ingredients from all over the kitchen, not sure what I was even making. I just knew it was going to be something simple.
"I need you to boil some water."
He looked at me with the raise of his brow.
I rolled my eyes and grabbed a pot after searching all the lower cabinets. I handed it to Jack and gave him directions on what to do. He was so lost, I found it amusing. Even when it came down to just boiling water.
I made him chop vegetables and he made it out without getting a scratch on him. I made him help me fix the chicken while everything else was cooking. And about forty-five minutes later, we had a full meal. It was simple and easy.
We brought our plates to the breakfast table and started eating. "That's actually really good." Jack mumbled through a mouth full of food.
"And it was easy." I commented. "It beats a bag of Doritos."
Jack nodded in agreement. "Definitely."
After we ate, I made him help me clean up. But Jack has been so sheltered and had everything handed to him; he barely knew how to wash a dish. "You are so sad!" I laughed. "Your mother didn't teach you anything." Then I remembered how his parents were never really around and I wish I could take it back.
He didn't seem upset by my comment, instead he took a handful of bubbles and threw them at me. "I'm sorry, what did you say?" Jack grinned at me.
I scooped the bubbles from the side of my head and threw them back at him, along with another handful from the sink. "Don't start something you don't plan on finishing, McKinnon." I held another handful of bubbles, and in a flash, I pressed them against the side of his neck.
His mouth dropped opened as he stared at me. "No you didn't."
I nodded, "I did."
He just stared at me and I stared back.
Everything seemed to stop for a moment.
Until I watched his hand dip in the water and instead of bubbles, came a huge splash across the side of my face. "You are so dead!" I screeched, but I couldn't hide my laughter. I grabbed the hose beside the faucet, pointing it directly at his face.
His hands went up in defense. "You wouldn't."
I tilted my head, my finger dangerously close to pressing down on the trigger of the hose. "Want a bet?" I squeezed the hose and water sprayed out soaking Jack. He yelled out something before attacking me.
His arms went around my waist as he pushed me away from the sink, causing me to drop the hose. I let out a loud laugh and I actually heard Jack laughing instead of him getting mad at me.
Jack took a step back with his arm still loosely around my waist. I don't think he even noticed his arm was still wrapped around me. "Told you I would do it." I wiggled my eyebrows.