
He made a gesture for me to follow him, but there was still hesitation. I followed him into the living room, keeping the sights of his white t-shirt so I didn't bump into anything. His house was a bit bigger than mine. But I'm sure the McKinnon's could afford something triple this size. Never understood why they chose to live in Georgia suburbs.
Jack reached on the back of the recliner, pulling off a blanket. He walked back up to me and handed it to me. "Couch is all yours. Parents will probably be up in three hours to go to work. Feel free to leave when you wake up."
I couldn't tell if he was being nice or not.
Well, he did let me in his house. But after I basically had to beg.
"Uh, thanks. For letting me stay." I said softly.
"I'll think of a way you can return the favor later."
I nearly gagged. "A simple 'you're welcome' would suffice."
He shook his head, "Juliet," He breathed my name.
I didn't even know he remember my name.
I leaned against the arm of his couch, still thinking about running out the door. "As you can see, I'm spatially challenged."
"Don't know how that's my problem."
"I don't see how you getting locked out is mine." He raised an eyebrow.
Honestly, he's making this a much bigger deal than it actually is. Lindy's car was looking better and better by the second. "Fine. Go back to doing whatever you were doing before I interrupted."
"I don't know." He lingered close to where I was standing. "Annoying you now is still just as fun as it was ten years ago."
"Are you seriously that bored?"
He shrugged his shoulders and dropped down on the other side of the couch. "I find ways to entertain myself." He looked up at me, the moonlight coming in from the sliding glass door highlighted his features.
"Isn't that what got you in trouble in the first place?"
I sat down on the couch normally, bringing my knees to my chest. I draped the blanket over my legs and leaned on my hand.
Jack rubbed his jaw, thinking, I'm guessing. "You mean last night."
I nodded and he sighed. "I decided it was a good idea for a midnight swim."
"Okay? What's so bad about that?"
"I also decided it was a good idea to cut the cuff off. Turns out it wasn't."
I was trying not to laugh. I don't know why I found it funny, but I did. "Aren't they waterproof?"
"Of course. But I can only go so far in my pool without the thing beeping like crazy."
And that's when I finally laughed. But he didn't find it funny. "So you cut the cuff off because it was going to go off anyway?"
"Jack logic." He tapped the top of his head.
I wouldn't doubt that.
A Few hours later, I awoke to the sound of the front door slamming. I turned my head a little to see the sun just starting to rise. I pushed myself up and blinked a few times so my eyes could adjust. I pulled my phone from my pocket to check the time. It was barely past six, but I didn't want to be here anymore with his parents gone.