
I folded the blanket up and placed it back over the recliner. I fished Lindy's keys from my pocket and quietly left. It was almost seven, so I decided to just head over to Lindy's. I stopped to get her some coffee, she's going to need it for her hangover. I settled on hot chocolate. Nothing like it early in the morning. I love coffee, but Hot Coco takes the cake.
When I got to Lindy's I decided to knock on the door. I know her mom or dad has to be up this early. I've never known them to sleep in. And soon enough, the door opened and Lindy's mom was in the doorway. "Hey, Juliet. You're here early." She let me inside, closing the door behind me.
"Yeah, I promised Lindy I would make her breakfast."
She snorted. "Good luck getting her up. I've been trying to get a word out of her all morning." She gave my shoulder a pat and went back to the kitchen.
She was going to be pissed when I wake her up.
I made my way up the stairs and into her room. After setting her coffee on the bedside table, I climbed on her bed and started jumping up and down. "Rise and shine!" I announced.
Lindy let out a loud groan and I fell onto the bed beside her. "It's time to get up. It's a beautiful Sunday morning and we're not going to waste it."
"Stop talking." She mumbled. "You're so loud."
I laughed and thumped her shoulder. "Get up. And boy do I have a story to tell you."
She waved her hand, "Tell me later when my head doesn't feel like it went through a brick wall."
"I spent the night at Jack's house." I blurted.
Her eyes shot open. "You did what?"
I nodded. "Spent the night at Jack's house."
She sat up slowly and leaned against a mountain of pillows. "Am I dreaming? Or did you say you spent the night at Jack's?"
"It didn't sound as weird in my head." I mumbled.
"Why did you spend the night there?"
"I lost my keys at Michael's and it was a last resort. And let me tell you, he's a complete jackass."
She laughed a little. "I could've told you that. I had to do that stupid project with him and he was a complete asshat about it."
I told her the full story, from start to finish. And by the end of it, she was laughing so hard I thought her head was going to explode. "I would've decked his pretty little face." She grinned.
"I wouldn't doubt that."
I grabbed her coffee and she immediately perked up. "Just what I need."
"Get dressed and I'll make you breakfast. But we have to go to Michael's and see if I can find my keys." Even though that's the last place I want to go to.
"Fine."
When we got to Michael's, I noticed all the cups that littered their front lawn. Oh, I couldn't wait until his parent's got home. Lindy walked up to the door with me and I knocked and rang the doorbell. I waited a minute before doing it again and no answer. I chanced my luck and tried the door. And of course, it was unlocked.
We trudged through the mess of trash and people that didn't make it home last night. I think I even saw someone sleeping on the stairs. Real comfortable. "Where were you last night?"