
I lifted my shoulders in a shrug and walked around her.
I went back upstairs and resumed my position before I was interrupted. My chest tightened with the thought of James throwing a party tonight. My grandparents would kill me. They don't even know about Jack, I can't imagine what they would do if they found out James threw a stupid party.
My concentration was deep in my book, I didn't notice someone calling my name. At first I thought it was all in my head until the voice got louder. They called my name again and I swear it sounded like Jack's voice. I turned my head to look out my window, and wouldn't you know it, Jack was leaning out of his window. I rolled my eyes and undid the latch on my window to push it open. "What do you want?" I called back.
"How do you say 'I'm sorry I'm an asshole' in French?"
For some reason, I had to fight the smile back on my lips. "You brought this on yourself, McKinnon."
"I know. Can you come over so I can apologize properly?"
It's only taken over a week. "I'll meet you outside."
Once he closed his window, I did the same. I took my time getting my shoes on and walking down stairs. I heard the TV on in the family room and Meredith's voice. It was impossible to watch anything with her because she liked to talk so much, but other than that, she's harmless.
The sun was setting, creating a beautiful cotton candy sky. My moment was ruined when I noticed Jack standing outside waiting for me. He lifted himself from the pillar he was leaning against and met me in the driveway. "No one's home, you can come in."
I nodded and followed him inside. But before I took a glance over the neighborhood to make sure no one saw. I couldn't let this get back to my grandparents. What I'm doing now is completely stupid. I'm just a sucker for an apology. Even better, it's going to be Jack's attempt at an apology.
We walked into his room and he gestured towards his bed. I took a seat on the edge while he sat in his desk chair. "This should be good." I sighed.
He rolled his eyes at me and leaned back in his chair. "I'm sorry for treating you that way, you didn't deserve it. I just have—"
"A lot going on, I get that. It's not excuse to treat me the way you did."
He ran a hand through his hair and leaned over his knees. "I shouldn't have snapped at you. It was really stupid on my part because you don't have to help me, but I need you to help me." The pleading in his voice only made my heart ache a little.
"Is there a different reason you need my help?" I asked. "Someone in your position is more worried about graduating than going to prison. That doesn't exactly seem right." I said softly.
"The distraction is nice." He said sheepishly. "And I have no idea what's going to happen to me. Thinking ahead was kind of my thing before it was yours." The corner of his mouth tipped into a small smile.
Part of me wanted to accept his apology and help him, but another part was telling me I'm an idiot if I stay here a second longer. He was the boy next door again. The boy that just needed help with his schoolwork. Part of that's changed of course, but it was still the same. Jack needed a distraction and I'm his last resort for that too. "I've seen what happens when you need a distraction." I teased.