
"What's going on?" She asked using her mom voice and a fake smile.
Jack rolled on his back and stood up. I was about to, but remembered I was only in Jack's shirt. So I pulled the blanket over myself. "We didn't do anything—"
"I can't tell." She glanced at me and back to Jack. "Do her grandparents know?" She hissed in a whisper. Probably didn't think I could hear her.
Jack shook his head while rubbing the back of his neck, "And they can't. She's been helping a lot—"
"Jack." She snapped, "You cannot afford this right now."
Did she forget I was right here?
She walked out of the open bedroom door and Jack followed without a look back. I heard them walk down stairs and I was left alone. I could make a run for it, I doubt they would notice until they came back upstairs. And that's when I decided I would make my move.
I left my dress hanging over Jack's chair and tip toed out of his bedroom door. As I started walking down the stairs, their voices became clearer. "—What were you thinking, Jack? You can't—"
"I already know." He snapped.
A sigh sounded from his mom, "This can't continue, you know that, right?
Jack was quiet and a lump formed in my throat.
Not only do my grandparents want me to stay away from Jack, now his parents want him to stay away from me. The thought made a lump form in my throat. I couldn't lose Jack now. I don't think I can stand something else drastic happening right now.
I didn't listen anymore. I couldn't. If Jack exploded and defended me or agreed with his mom. I couldn't stay to listen. I quietly opened the front door and slipped out undetected. I crossed my arms tight across my chest and ran to my house. I took in consideration that Jack's shirt barely covered my butt. There wasn't anyone out yet, thank god.
The second the front door clicked when it came together, I ran up stairs and into my room. I closed the door and immediately stripped out of Jack's shirt. I located a soft blue sundress in my closet and pulled it on. I tied my hair into a messy knot and washed my face of last night's makeup.
I didn't look too much like myself. The bags under my eyes were noticeable from crying too much last night. I got enough sleep for once, but I was still tired. It was hard not to think about what happened last night. It didn't feel real. All of it felt like a bad dream.
Except Jack and James comforting me.
I didn't need Will.
When I felt ready, I walked down stairs to join everyone for breakfast. No one seemed to notice I was gone or the fact that I just got home. I poured myself a cup of coffee and slipped into the seat next to James. "Good to see you up." My grandma beamed.
I just nodded and took a sip of my coffee.
"So, who was the secret admirer?" She reached over and placed a hand over my free one.
I looked around the table and everyone was looking at me except James. Because he already knew and witnessed it all firsthand. I thought about lying to her and telling her it was Michael and not my father. But the look of hope on her face tore my lie decision in half and I told her the truth, "It was Will." I said softly, putting my coffee mug back to my lips.