
"Did John call?"
He shook his head, "He messaged me and said he'll be in contact tomorrow."
"Does this mean they're going to move up the trial?"
"It could mean there won't even be a trial if your story matches up. We know you didn't do it. And that witness said he saw two people. It matches up, Jack. Don't worry, we're taking care of this."
"Thank you."
He sent me a smile before retreating up the steps.
Midnight couldn't come fast enough. It was almost midnight when I made my way through the back door. I walked around the pool and across the lawn to the tree. I stood under it, waiting for Juliet. Soon, I heard the latch of the fence and it opened. Juliet stepped through the closed the latch behind her.
She had a blanket rolled under her arm, but she managed to stand on her toes and kiss me quick. I helped her spread out the blanket and we sat down. I rested my back against the tree and Juliet moved between my legs and pressed her back against my chest. I wrapped my arms around her and held her close.
I leaned down close to her ear and kissed her cheek, "This could all be over in a matter of days."
"I'm so happy for you, Jack."
I smiled and kissed her cheek again.
The next day came around slowly. My parent's didn't go to work and they spent the day pacing the living room and the kitchen while I watched. I was nervous, yes, but they seem a little more on edge than I was. Just watching them was making me more nervous and I didn't think that was possible.
We all jumped when the phone buzzed on the living room coffee table. My dad jumped at the chance and answered it, putting it on speaker so we could hear everything. "John, you're on speaker." My dad spoke.
"Good, good. I have a lot to talk about." He paused and I heard shuffling of paper, "I got the results back from one of the detectives working in homicide and they did find two other finger prints. One was only a partial, but it wasn't yours. He wasn't too smart about cleaning it thoroughly clearly." More shuffling of paper, "What really stuck out was that it wasn't your finger print on the trigger, it was Jeremy's."
"What does this mean?" My dad asked.
My heart was beating so fast and my chest tightened.
"I'm taking everything over to the court house now. And there's now a warrant for Jeremy's arrest."
My mom started crying first off. And I wanted to also, but I didn't.
"That's great news." My dad announced, his smile so big it was hurting my face.
"I'll call you in a couple of hours with official news."
"Thank you, John."
My dad hung up the phone and my mom attacked me with a hug I wasn't expected. She sobbed on my shoulder and squeezed me tighter. My dad eventually joined in on the hug, pulling us both in. It was weird, in an awesome kind of way.
The biggest thing of my life just happened and I didn't know what to do about it. I wanted to cry, I wanted to laugh at the idiocy, and I wanted to put my face in a pillow and scream because I couldn't express the happiness I felt.