
"What else?" She whispered.
"If there's something I love more than being in control, it's teasing. So I'd continue to tease you and kiss all of your weak spots. I don't know all of them, but it wouldn't take long to find out."
She started to take in a breath but it stopped.
I continued, "I'd wait until you were comfortable before going any further. That's when I like a girl in control. But I would make sure I take care of you. I am a gentleman after all." I grinned, "I wouldn't leave you...unsatisfied."
Her eyes scanned over my face as she took in slow, shallow breaths.
"I love you, Juliet." I whispered.
She gripped my face and brought my lips down to hers in a quick motion. She kissed me hard and a little aggressively. Definitely something new for us. It was needy and on the verge of being sloppy, but neither one of us could help it.
She loosened her lips and kissed me tenderly like she always does. It was my favorite kisses. Feeling her lips are my favorite kisses if I'm being honest. "I...love...you." She said quickly in between chaste kisses.
I hovered over her in seconds. Our bodies molded together like the perfect piece of a puzzle. We fought back and forth in more ones than one. Everything was moving too fast and I had to slow it down.
I pushed myself up and kneeled at her feet. I ran a hand through my messy waves and breathed. She sat up on her knees and her hands wrapped around the hem of her shirt. It came over her head in one fluid motion and thrown on the floor. "I want you to take care of me." She said slowly in a whisper.
A lump formed in my throat and I couldn't speak.
She reached for the zipper of my jacket and pulled it down. She pushed the sleeves down my arms until I was free of the fabric. Next, her fingers slipped under the hem of my shirt. They danced against my skin, sending chills speeding through my body.
She tugged on the hem of my shirt and I reached behind my head to pull it over. I dropped my shirt next to hers on the floor and tackled her to the bed. She let out a giggle as I buried my face in her neck. I kissed the spot I just told her about and started the trail down her neck.
I continued the journey across her collarbones and down the center of her chest. She gasped when my lips made contact with the bare skin of her stomach. I smiled.
I kissed her hips slowly and teasingly. She was already wiggling and it almost made me laugh. "Jack." She whimpered.
I lifted my head and looked up at her.
"Kiss me."
I climbed until I was hovering over her lips. I complied and kissed her with everything I had. She wrapped her legs around my hips and her hands went to my belt. I pulled away and leaned my forehead against hers, "Are you sure?"
"I've never been more sure of anything."
We shared a laugh before I tackled her with more kisses.
And after that, we definitely shared more than a laugh.
* * *
Juliet walked her fingers across my chest while her face was tightly nuzzled against my neck. She sighed with contentment and that made my mind ease a little more. I tightened my arm around her shoulders and kissed the top of her head. She tilted her head back, her gaze catching mine, "Do you have to go now?" She asked.