
I'm definitely shocked. "Why are you telling me this?" I asked softly.
She handed me the last dish and turned the water off, "I don't want to keep you guys apart because I've seen what happens. I want what's best for Jack and I know he really does love you-"
"What?" My heart hammered against my chest, "How-when-he told you that?"
"No, I can see it." She said quickly, "I won't keep you guys apart, Juliet."
He did tell her that and now she's trying to cover it up, "Really?"
She nodded, "Just don't hurt him. Please. He's been through enough-"
"I'd never hurt him."
She pulled me into another unexpected hug. I hesitantly hugged her back and she squeezed me gently, "Thank you." She whispered.
I smiled a little and stepped away from her. "Do you mind if I go talk to him?"
"Go ahead. And the door stays opened."
I let out a small laugh, "The door stays opened."
I walked out of the kitchen and once I rounded the corner and out of view, I took off up stairs to find Jack. I found him in his room. He sat on the edge of his bed with his face in his hands, "Don't think too hard." I teased and stepped into his room.
His head snapped up and he was on his feet in a second, "You shouldn't be up here-"
"No, I should be." I walked up to him until we were only inches apart, "With you is exactly where I should be."
"My mom will flip if she knows you're up here."
I wrapped my arms around his torso and smiled up at him, "She knows exactly where I am. And she doesn't care."
"What?" He cupped my face in his hands, "She doesn't care we're together?"
I shook my head, "She told me how she met your dad. Sounded oddly familiar." I grinned, "She wants you to be happy. And you make me so unbelievably happy."
His mouth collapsed on mine and I smiled against his lips. He kissed me tenderly, something that was a tad different. He tasted sweet like chocolate. Probably from the dessert Maria had made.
But he always tasted sweet to me.
He pulled away and his thumb lingered close to my bottom lip, "One down, and one to go."
"My grandparents will take more convincing for sure. But I don't care. Of course I care about what they think, just not about you. They don't know you the way I do. I told you, I won't let this get in the way."
His lips tugged into a smile when he kissed me again.
"Are we still on for tomorrow night?" I mumbled against his lips.
"We are." He kissed me a few more times and let me go.
"I'll see you tomorrow night then." I gave him a small wave as I walked backwards, "Sleep well, Jack." As much as I didn't want to leave, I had to.
I made sure to tell Marie and Jack Sr. bye and thank them for dinner. I made it home and finally took the time to process exactly what had just happened. Maria was okay with Jack and I. And if she's okay with it, I'm sure his dad is okay with us being together as well.