
I was nervous about this little trip. There were several reasons why and too many things that could go wrong. But I want to help Jack, but I also don't want to get him in any more trouble. I'm going to try and take his word for it. "Okay. Let's go."
I grabbed my keys from the side table by the door as we walked out. I got into the drivers side and Jack got into the passenger side. I feel like I've stepped into a different view of reality. Jack's sitting next to me. As much as I would love to bask in the fact that he's next to me, I remembered where we were going. We were going to try and uncover some of Jack's lost memories.
That's another part I'm worried about. Only god knows what he can remember or what he will remember. It could be more damaging than we think. But it's also going to prove that he's innocent.
Jack pointed out the turns to take until we reached the bar he was at. We got out of the car and Jack pulled the hood of his sweatshirt up. "Do you know how sketchy that looks?" I mumbled to him as he opened the bar door.
"Bars like this provide for the sketchy."
I stepped inside the stuffy bar and was immediately thrown back by the smell of mixed liquors, cigarette smoke, and I think sweat also lingered in the mix. I followed Jack through the maze of tables and groups. No one stopped him or even talked to him as he navigated.
He stopped in front of a table and brushed his fingers over the worn out and marked up wood. "This was the table we sat at." He pulled a chair out and sat down and I mocked his actions.
"Won't they ask questions?" I looked around us and no one was even looking in our direction. There were people crowded about almost every inch of the bar. The popular part seemed to be the other side by the pool tables. Shouts rang through out when someone made a shot.
"They don't ask questions in a place like this."
I finished looking around and looked at Jack, "Kind of scary, don't you think?"
"They're actually really nice. They seem scary because of all the tattoos and piercings, but they're some of the coolest guys I've ever met."
"You know some of them?"
Jack nodded, "I've come here a lot. But I don't remember seeing any of them that night." He dropped his head in his hands, "I don't remember anything. There's no trigger here."
I placed a hand over his shoulder, "Give it a few minutes. Just close your eyes. Breathe, take in the scents, and the noises."
I lowered my head to Jack's shoulder and whispered to him. I heard him take a deep breath and then I went quiet. I rubbed his back soothingly in the hopes that maybe it'll help calm and ease him.
We stayed like this for a few minutes until Jack sat up straight and opened his eyes. He stared straight ahead and sighed, "Nothing."
My shoulders slumped, "Should we stay a little longer?"
"Let's go to the diner."
Not sure how much of a good idea that is. But I complied and followed Jack back out of the bar. We got back into the car and made our way to the diner. They should be closing in about half an hour, it's not even eleven yet. I'm glad Madison wasn't working tonight because you would be able to taste the awkward.
There were a few drunk people in the diner and a group of those people happened to be Michael and his football buddies.