
I walked into the living room to find my Grandpa reading the paper and my grandma reading a book. “You know Jack’s home?” I asked timidly.
Grandma lifted her head from her book, “It’s all over the news. House arrest until the trial. And the trial isn’t until fall.”
“Fall?” I sighed. “That can’t be—”
“There’s nothing we can do, Honey. I’ve already talked to Marie, she was over here this morning.  She said he shouldn’t be a problem. And that doesn’t mean run over there and be best friends with him.” She was teasing, but I knew she was serious.
“No worries there.”
“I know.”
It was two in the morning and Lindy and I were still working on studying. We’ve gotten pretty far. At least ten pages of notes. And that’s a lot for a Saturday. Even if we didn’t go to the same school, we shared similar classes. And if she didn’t know, I did. And sometimes even if I didn’t know something, she did. Always great to have an equally smart best friend.
“Did you hear that?” She whispered.
I turned around in my desk chair to find her sprawled on my bed. “No, I didn’t hear anything. Maybe you’re just crazy—”
She shushed me and walked to my window. She slowly pulled back a curtain and her brows knitted together in confusion. “Come here.” She said softly.
I got out of my chair and walked to the window. “What is he doing?” She asked.
Jack appeared from behind his house, walking across the front and to the other side. Moments later he re appeared on the side, but didn’t stop. “It looks like he’s walking in circles around his house.” Lindy stated. “Going stir crazy already I see.”
I didn’t want to tell her he’s done this before. I always thought it was just because he couldn’t sleep. “Or just crazy in general.” I mumbled.
When he came back around the house, a beeping sound echoed between our houses and Jack quickly jumped back and hissed out a few curse words. Really colorful.
I closed the curtains and insisted on getting back to work. But all Lindy could talk about was the boy next door on house arrest. She mentioned that it didn’t even surprise her and she wondered why it took so long for him to get in real trouble.
His middle name is trouble.
Hopefully this will be the last time Jack is ever mentioned.
---------------------------
YES a new story and I'm actually really excited for it. I was rewatching revenge and kinda got the idea. Oh and I watched Disturbia for the millionth time and that helped kinda give me inspiration. I really hope you like the story because I do hahaha. And I was watching eye candy and the name Lindy kind of stuck lol.
Please comment with your thoughts? Let me know if I should continue? And of course I appreciate votes as well y'all are amazing. :)
