

*NOTE: There is talk about adult things in this chapter. There's no detail or anything, but I just thought I'd tell you guys in case it could be too much (I'm not sure how old my readers are, just trying to be safe here.)
-Jack-
"What the hell are you doing?" I yelled at a gun wielding Paxton.
He walked in front of me to the guy kneeling on the ground. It's like he didn't even hear me. He snarled at the blubbering guy under gunpoint. He cocked the gun and pressed it to his temple, "He deserves it." Paxton ran a hand over his face in a quick motion.
I stood a few feet away from Paxton. I was ready to tackle him if I have to, "Paxton, don't. There's no reason-"
"He hurt Lily." Paxton threw me a glance over his shoulder, "He deserves everything that's coming to him."
"Paxton!" I said sternly, "It was an accident, don't do this. You'll regret it."
Paxton waved the gun in front of the guy as he shook his head, "You don't accidentally kill someone."
"It was a car accident. An accident, Paxton." I took a few steps closer to him, "Just put the gun down and stop acting like a complete idiot!"
Paxton growled and placed his boot on the guys shoulder. He kicked him hard so he landed on his back with a loud thud. I've never seen Paxton this bent on anything. He's so angry you could almost see the steam coming from his ears. And I didn't know what to do. I was stuck.
The guy yelped when Paxton pressed his foot down on his chest. He kept begging and pleading, but Paxton wasn't letting up. "Shut up!" He hollered, "You're not making this easier on yourself."
"Paxton, just let him go!" I took another step closer, "He probably has a wife, kids...he probably has a family. Don't do this."
Paxton started shaking his head again, "What about Lily? Did she not have a family? Did she not deserve to live also?"
"No, that's not what I meant. Of course she deserved to live. But killing him is not going to solve anything. You might think it'll make you feel better, but I guarantee you'll feel like utter shit for the rest of your life. That's not something you want to carry around with you. Just drop the gun and let's go."
"Oh my gosh, stop being such a baby and shoot him!" Another voice carried through the ally. He stood at the edge of the alley, but soon made his way towards us. "Do it or I'll do it myself."
He stopped beside us and looked at me, "What's he doing here?"
"I called him." Paxton answered simply, "But he's leaving."
"Who are you?" I asked him. He wasn't taller than me, but he was definitely buffer. He could probably take me out with one punch.
He opened his mouth to speak but Paxton spoke, "He's Jeremy, Lily's older brother." Paxton wiped the back of his hand over his forehead, "You can leave now, Jack. I don't need you."
All of this was a disaster. I had no idea what was going on and my head was still in a haze from my alcohol consumption. It wasn't enough to get me drunk, but I felt a slight buzz and my head was still killing me. "I'm not going to let either of you kill this man."