
"This is why we should be studying. At least I have something to focus on." He paused. "I need to focus on something else but it's too damn hard." He was leaning in closer and my heart skipped. "I think about you too, you know? And I—I can't stop. And I don't want to..."
Jack lifted his free hand, resting it against my chest. He pressed down over my heart. And my heart betrayed me, beating harder against the feel of his hand. "I make you nervous." He stated like it's new information. He didn't need to feel my heartbeat for that.
I couldn't take it anymore. How close he was. The way his hands felt. Everything about him surrounded me, sucking me into a vortex that I wasn't getting out of.
I stood on my toes and in one swift motion, our lips connected. The warmth filled me to my toes as I cupped his face between my hands. He responded to the kiss quicker than I expected. He was already expecting it. But he wasn't expecting me to make the move.
His hands were on my hips and he pulled me close until I was pressed against him. He brushed a hand up my arm, letting it slip into my hair that fell against my shoulders. I didn't think kissing Jack could get better, but everything about this kiss felt right. The choice of location wasn't ideal, but I totally forgot where we were until we knocked down a bag of chips.
It made me jump away from Jack and look down at the ground. Jack laughed and buried his face in my hair. "It's not funny." I whined, biting back my own laugh. Jack placed a hand on my cheek and turned my face so I was level with him. He kissed me quick and stepped back to pick up what fell. "It's adorable."
I just turned away from him and started scanning the shelves, "Laugh it up. It's hilarious." I said sarcastically. I started plucking things from the shelves and throwing them towards Jack to catch. And by the time I was done, his arms were overflowing to the point where things where falling.
It was my turn to laugh.
I walked out of the pantry ahead of him and I felt him follow me into the living room. He dropped everything on the coffee table and about that time the doorbell rang. "Expecting someone?" I asked.
He gestured for me to follow him, "Go up to my room. I'll come get you in a minute." He whispered.
"Why—"
"Just go, okay?"
I didn't ask any more questions and went upstairs to wait for Jack.
—————————————
I enjoyed writing this chapter way too much, hahaha. Hope you guys liked it! :)
I've started writing the next one but I'm not sure when it'll be up because I have a final this week (Last one BLESS)
Thank you guys! :)

Song: Strings by Shawn Mendes


