
Lindy watched him walk away until he was gone. She turned to me, a smile spreading on her face, "How does James feel about that?"
At first I was confused as to why she would ask that, until I remembered, "He's not the jealous type."
"I can't believe you didn't tell me!" She playfully smacked my arm, "I thought you liked Jack, and now I find out this?"
I laughed, even though she could hear it, "I'm sorry! It was his idea to keep it a secret because of his sister and my grandparents." Yeah, let's lie some more. It's not like I'm already trying to dig myself out.
"He better treat you right or I'll kick his ass!"
"Believe me, he's nothing but a gentleman."
Her eyes widened, "Did you—"
"Lindy!" I stepped closer to her, "I'm still..."
Her face visibly relaxed, "Oh, thank god." She put a hand to her chest, "I almost had a heart attack."
I laughed again, "I'm not that crazy!"
That was a complete lie. I wanted to give myself to Jack completely, but she doesn't know that. She doesn't really need to know that. In fact, no one does. It's between Jack and I.
James popped up on my side looking a bit flustered. Lindy and I exchanged a look before she took off. "You okay?" I asked.
He nodded, running a hand over his face, "Yeah, I'm fine. Meredith said we're leaving in fifteen minutes."
I don't think we could get out of here fast enough, "Then dance with me for fifteen more minutes."
James smiled, took a step towards me, and lowered his head next to mine, "I want to take you somewhere after we drop the girls off."
"Have you been drinking?"
"Just a lot of caffeine." He breathed a laugh.
I tilted my head back to look at him, "Depends on what you have in mind."
"You'll see."
With that, we danced for another ten minutes. James took my hand and led me to the exit. We walked into the cool air and it felt amazing. Meredith, Lindy, and of course, Paxton, were waiting for us outside the club. Paxton had his hands all over Meredith and James's hand tightened around mine. James would kill Paxton before I could.
While we were telling everyone goodnight, Paxton decided he would give me a hug. He wrapped his arms around my shoulders and pulled me close to him. I felt his mouth close to my ear when he spoke, "I know you're still talking to Jack." He whispered so quietly, I almost missed it.
I fought the urge to shove him, so I took a step back and smiled at him, "Good to see you too, Pax." I wanted to gag.
He smiled at me and went to Meredith. He hugged and kissed her right on the lips in front of James. Oh, no. Paxton really does have a death sentence tonight. Paxton left and James finally relaxed beside me. Meredith and Lindy were already making their way across the street when I grabbed James's hand.
We didn't say anything as we walked. It was probably best we didn't. I know Meredith is going to get an earful, I mean I don't blame him. It's his sister and he knows what a creep Paxton is.