
James held me closer and I nudged my face against his neck.
"Juliet?" I felt another pair of hands and an urgent voice. "Are you okay?" He rushed. "What's wrong with her?"
I tore my face away from James's neck and looked at Jack. The sound of a beeping cleared the fog in my head, "Jack!" I rushed and squirmed out of James's arms. James set me down hastily. "What are you doing? Are you insane?" I placed my hands on his chest to attempt to push him back over the white line, but he wasn't moving.
He grabbed my face between his hands, "What happened, Juliet?"
"Get back over the line you idiot!"
But he still wasn't moving.
"Jack, I will—"
"I need you to tell me what's wrong. Are you hurt—"
"And I need you to get back over there before you get in trouble!" I tried pushing him again, but his hands wrapped around my wrists. "I'm fine, Jack. Just tired, now let go and get your ass back over the damn line!" With one final shove, he finally stumbled far enough to trip over the line.
He fell on his back, sprawled out over the grass. The beeping finally stopped and his red light turned green.
This was not what I needed.
"Are you stupid?" I exploded. "What where you thinking?"
Jack stood up finally, looking at me like I had two heads, "I thought you were hurt. I thought something happened—"
"I'm not hurt, Jack. I am not worth getting in trouble over."
I didn't hear police sirens. Hopefully he got back over the line in time.
"Juliet." James was behind me now. Or I'm just now noticing he is. He placed a hand over my shoulder and Jack looked up at him.
I turned my head slightly over my shoulder to look at him, "I'm fine. Thank you for being there tonight."
James smiled a little and nodded once, "Will you be okay?"
"Yeah. I'm just going to go to Jack's for a bit."
He gave my shoulder a gentle squeeze and looked at Jack, "Take care of her."
I was waiting for Jack to just pounce on James, but he looked surprised. I'm not sure why surprised, but that's what I saw. Jack nodded towards James and James turned around and walked inside the house. James was definitely the brother I've always wanted.
Jack's arms replaced James under my legs and around my back. He lifted me with ease and held me close. He carried my inside his house quietly and up the stairs to his room. He sat me down on his bed and retreated to the door to close it. Next, he went to his dresser and plucked out a t-shirt and brought it to me. He turned around long enough for me to change into another one of his shirts I probably wouldn't give back. And this one was just a bit shorter. Came up mid-thigh and I had no shorts under it.
"It was him—" I started but stopped because my bottom lip started to quiver.
Jack turned around and paced towards me, "Paxton?"
I shook my head and tears started spilling, "My dad. I—It was my dad."
His arms were around me before I could say anything else, "I knew something was wrong." He said softly, his hand stroking the back of my hair, "I'm sorry, Juliet."
I curled my arms against his chest and cried, "I can't forgive him." I managed. "I can't just forgive him and forget everything he's done."