
"I am. And I can still come over when I get home. I don't want to be there longer than I have to." Which was the absolute truth. I would rather be with Jack tonight anyway.
Jack walked past me and stopped in front of my dress, "That's it?"
I stood beside him, "That's the mystery dress."
He let out a long sigh and turned towards me, "Wish I could see you in it." He placed his hands on my cheeks again, "Be careful tonight. I'm already in enough trouble." A smile easily slid on his lips.
"I think the whole world knows that."
Jack dropped his hands and pulled me back towards my bed. The backs of my knees hit the edge, but I didn't buckle. Jack slid a hand behind my neck and his mouth collapsed on mine. I hooked my arms under his in a small attempt to pull him closer.
My knees finally gave in and buckled. I fell back on the bed, bringing Jack with me. I curved a leg around his hip as he continued to kiss me. His hand traced down the curve of my frame, stopping at my thigh. He wrapped his hand around my thigh, gripping it tightly.
A moan bubbled in my throat, spilling against our lips.
Jack rolled his body against mine and pulled his lips away. He nudged his face against the side of my neck and breathed before starting his assault on my neck. He kissed down my neck and up again to my jaw. He brushed his lips softly over my jaw, stopping to kiss below my chin. He kissed down the center of my neck and back up again.
As he kissed the corner of my mouth, I turned my head to catch his lips again. He smiled against them and kissed me back. It was short, maybe not enough, but it was something new.
He pulled back, letting his weight rest on his forearms. I wrapped my fingers around his tie and took a deep breath, "I like having you here."
He answered by giving me another kiss.
And the sound of a horn honking made Jack tense, "I have to go." He whispered, running a thumb over my bottom lip, "Be careful. Please."
The horn sounded again, "I will."
He kissed me once and tore away from me. When I heard the door slam, I walked to my window and sat down. Jack made it to the driveway in time for a black car to pull into the driveway. They weren't slapping handcuffs on him and a sense of relief flooded me.

I curled my hair, not knowing what else to do with it. The big curls fell against my bare shoulders once I slipped the dress on. My breath hitched in my throat when I saw my final result. The dress was prettier than I remembered. Gorgeous.
Lindy let me borrow a pair of her white pumps. She was eager to give them to me. I don't do well while wearing heels. Every time I've worn them, I've fallen because of my lack of balance.
A knock came to my door, "Come in!" I called, taking one last look in the mirror.
I turned in time to see James stepping through. He wore a suit and a tie to match my dress. He beamed at me, "You look amazing."