
"I don't want to go alone."
James's lips turned up into a small smile, "I think I can make it Friday."
My heart fluttered, "No, I wouldn't ask you—"
"I want to. And I get to wear a suit and tie."
"You would really do that?"
"Of course."
Maybe this was out of Paxton's league. But if it wasn't Paxton, then there's no one else I can think of. And the only reason I want to go is to find out. And this person must know me to know my eye color. I know very few people that would care about the green flecks in my eyes.
Actually, I know no one that cares about the color of my eyes.
Instead of over thinking it, I wrapped my arms around James and squeezed him gently. "Thank you."
He wrapped his arms around me in return, hugging me tightly. "This summer hasn't been as bad as I thought it would be."
I pulled away and looked up at him, "Definitely hasn't been boring."
I went to bed when James left my room and was haunted with the thought about who could be waiting for me on Friday.

The lake was...well, the lake. Of course, it was empty. And Lindy decided it was a good idea to invite Dylan. I guess it wasn't so bad because now James isn't the only guy. It was quite amusing because you could tell James didn't really like him.
And when Dylan started talking to me about Michael, James played the boyfriend card again. It worked...until I was left alone with Dylan. I wish Michael would take the hint that I'm not interested anymore. I looked back at my Michael fascination and gag.
I basically stayed on my towel the whole time catching up on my summer reading. That was until James decided it would be funny to attack me after getting out of the lake. "It's what boyfriends do." Is what he said and then proceeded to pick me up and attempt to throw me in the lake.
Keyword: attempt.
It didn't go over well.
But overall, it was fun. Jack was on my mind a lot. And I hate to admit that I actually missed him today. I hate that he couldn't be here to enjoy the fun.
After my shower when we got home, I went into the kitchen to help my grandma cook. She always had a brilliant smile on her face when she cooked. It was one of the many things she's good at. She asked about my weekend and I asked about hers. "You've been hanging out with James a lot lately." She turned to me and smiled.
"Yeah, he's a fun to be around. Meredith too."
"Good. I'm glad to see you having fun." She pecked my cheek and pulled out plates from the cabinet. I walked into the dining room and set the table for dinner.
My grandparents never asked questions. I always said it's because they trust me. And they've told me many times that they do. And they never expect me to get into any trouble.