
I laughed, pecked his lips, and climbed off of him, "Unfortunately." I sat on the edge of his bed to put my shoes on. When I got the last one on, I felt Jack's arm go around my waist and I yelped as he pulled me back. Jack nuzzled his face against my neck and laughed. I let out an embarrassed laugh, which only made him laugh that much harder.
"Wish you could stay a bit longer." He mumbled against my neck, leaving a small kiss and pulling away.
"I do, too. But soon we won't have to worry about your boundaries." I stood up again and turned around to face him. He was sitting on the edge, and with my height and his, we were face to face. "You'll be sneaking in my bedroom window before you know it."
Jack's smile widened, "You know me well."
I pecked his lips and backed away, "I know you better than you think, McKinnon."
I didn't miss the raise of his eyebrow before I turned around and walked out of his bedroom door. I made my way quietly down the stairs, careful not to wake his parents. What a disaster that would be?
I made it to my room without any problems. I'm pretty used to sneaking back in. It's something I would have never found myself doing. Well, I didn't expect to feel this way about Jack either and he's been next door this whole time.
It was hard falling back to sleep. I snuggled under my blankets, already missing the feel of Jack around me. I had to be at work at two, but I was tempted to just call out. I've already done that twice in the past month, I think I should just tough it out.
My bed dipped a few hours later, waking me up. James sat perched on my side of the bed, his blue eyes bright and smiling. "What do you want?" I mumbled and closed my eyes again.
"Nothing. Your grandma wants you."
I opened my eyes again to meet his, "I'll be down in a minute."
He gave me a smile and retreated out of my room.
I got out of bed with a huff and walked into my bathroom. I washed my face, brushed my teeth, and pulled my curls back into a ponytail. I changed my clothes because I didn't want to be seen wearing what I was yesterday. I pulled on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and went downstairs.
My grandma was in the kitchen, tending to a freshly baked sheet of cookies. She smiled when she saw me, and I returned it. "Good morning, Sunshine."
"Good morning, Grandma." I kissed her cheek and leaned against the counter beside her, "Did you need something?"
"Yes." She took off the oven mitts and turned towards me, "I want to talk to you about your father."
The letter.
I totally forgot about the letter.
"What about him?"
"He reached out to me yesterday."
My heart fell into the pit of my stomach, "He did what? Why?"
Her smile faltered a bit, "It was through Email, Juliet. He didn't come here. I would have kicked him out."