
Jack was still asleep when I woke up. He lay on his back, his head facing the opposite direction so it was easy to move. I didn't want to wake him. He probably gets as much sleep as I do. I got out of his bed and found my clothes. They were still a bit damp, but they're wearable.
I changed back into them and folded Jack's shirt up and placed it on his bed. He's lucky I didn't just steal another one. Before I left, I walked to his side and leaned over him to kiss his cheek. I took a deep breath and pulled away. He looked peaceful. Like he had nothing to worry about. I hope his life goes back to that again.
Well, it wasn't exactly peaceful.
I made my way down stairs and outside. I looked around and no one was outside. I wasn't even sure what time it was. It still must be pretty early though. I walked inside my house and up to my room quickly. I looked at the time on my bedside table and it was barely seven in the morning.
Good, no one was up yet. My grandparents either leave early or they sleep until they feel like getting up.
As for James, he's never up before ten. Meredith can be up early and sometimes she chooses to sleep in. It's one of the days where everyone was sleeping in. I wish I could've stayed with Jack just a little bit longer. Maybe tonight or tomorrow if my grandparents decide to go on one of their weekend outings and spend the night in a hotel.
I took a quick shower without looking in the mirror. I'm sure I looked like a mess, didn't really want to see it. I picked out my favorite white sundress and slipped it on. I left my hair in its natural curly state and left the bathroom.
I went to pick my laptop up from my desk, but noticed a letter addressed to me on top of it. My heart sped up when I recognized the handwriting. I didn't tear it up like I wanted to, but I didn't open it either. I didn't want to read what he has to say. Not yet, anyway. I should wait and read it in fourteen years and reach out to him then. He wouldn't like that very much.
But I would.
Instead of opening it, I tucked it into my desk drawer and grabbed my laptop. I wasn't ready to read it yet. Maybe I never will be.
I didn't stay on my laptop long. Just long enough to check my schools website for any new information. I should be getting my class schedule in a couple of weeks and I was nervous about which classes I would be getting. But of course, nothing new and exciting.
I closed my laptop and got back out of bed. I walked across the hall to James's room, knocking three times before taking a step back. I heard James groan, probably thinking I'm Meredith. The door swung open and James peeked at me through messy hair, "This is surprising." He pushed his hair out of his eyes, revealing a brilliant, but clouded blue.
"We should do something."
"What?" He leaned against the doorframe and crossed his arms.
"The only place I've been for the past week is to work and back and I just really want to get out of here." The letter hiding in my desk was going to drive me crazy if it hasn't already.
"What about Lindy? Or even my sister."
I snorted, "Just get dressed and let's go get breakfast."
He eyed be through a sleepy haze and nodded his head, "I'll be a few minutes."