
He laughed lightly and leaned back in his chair again. "Yeah, I don't plan on going for a swim in the deep end again. Literally."
"I'll start helping you again, under one condition."
"I have a feeling I'm not going to like this."
I grinned and leaned towards him. "You're going to start by being nicer to me."
His brows knitted together, almost like he was confused. "That's it?"
"Yes, and one sign of you being a jackass, I walk and I won't come back. Deal?" I stuck my hand in his direction.
He eyed me for a moment and wrapped his hand around mine. "Deal."
"We start Tuesday again." He released my hand from his grip.
"It's already Thursday, we should just start tonight." He suggested.
I stood up from his bed, starting towards the door. "Can't tonight. I have to make sure my house doesn't get burned down."
He stood up and met me by the door. "I saw you made a couple of friends."
"It's James and Meredith. Remember them?"
Jack looked surprised. "That's the geeky twins? Holy—"
"Still a pain, as you can see. James is trying to throw a party." I walked out of his room and started down the stairs. "If my grandparents find out, they'll kill me."
"You've done worse." Jack commented.
I turned on my heels to face him when I reached the bottom of the stairs. "You're hilarious."
Jack opened the door for me and I backed out slowly. "I'll be here all night if you decide teaching me French is more fun."
A grin slipped onto my lips, "Where else would you be?"
His eyes narrowed into slits. "You're hilarious." He mocked. "Have fun with James."
"And Meredith." I added.
Jack has an annoying habit of rolling his eyes. "Whatever. See you Tuesday, Juliet."
His sudden change of mood confused me. I shook it off and walked back over to my house as quickly as possible without getting noticed. I slipped back in my house undetected by the twins and went back upstairs. I had to figure out a plan to diffuse this 'get together' as James liked to call it. But nothing was coming to mind. And teaching Jack French was looking better by the minute. I wanted no part in this.
It was a quarter after ten when the doorbell rang for the first time that night, signaling that the party was close to being in full swing. Music vibrated the house and more hollers of approval rang through out. My bedroom door opened and Meredith came trudging in with a grim look on her face. "How's it going?" I asked.
"Not as bad as you would expect, but still. It's just a bunch of his loser friends and their girlfriends. And a bunch of other girls I don't even know. I'll keep it under control, I swear."
I gave her a reassuring smile and nodded. "Thank you. Did you put all that antique glass away that I told you to?"