
"Not worth it." He said quickly and removed my hand. He put his shirt back down and looked down at me.
"Not worth it? You could have broken ribs or internal bleeding—"
"Nothing is broken. It's not worth violating my conditions."
And then I understood. I guess getting into fights is part of his house arrest conditions. But how many fights did they expect Jack to get in when he couldn't leave his house? "My grandma could help you." I blurted.
Jack quickly shook his head, "No, please. It's fine, I'll be fine. It's nothing I haven't dealt with before."
I leaned against his leg again and I felt defeated. "She would help you if I explained everything—"
"Juliet," Jack breathed, "Don't. It's not worth it."
Now I didn't know what he was talking about. And I was too afraid to ask. "It was Paxton, wasn't it?"
He looked everywhere but at me and I knew I was right. "Why would he do this to you?" I asked softly. "I thought you guys were close—"
Jack shook his head lightly, "There's a lot you don't know. And there's a lot I can't tell you, you have to understand that." He looked at me with worried eyes.
I nodded without hesitating, "I do. I just don't want to see you like this." I stood up from the floor and sat down close to him. He leaned his head back and turned his head slightly to look at me.
"You're acting different." He commented and his eyes scanned my face.
"I don't know what you mean..." I trailed off.
A small smile tugged at his lips, "I didn't say it was a bad different."
I guess that's a good thing, but I didn't know what he meant by it. I'm not sure exactly how I'm acting different, "Because I'm acting like a friend?"
He narrowed his eyes at me for a moment, "Something like that."
I thought of that as a good thing as well. I still wasn't sure what he meant. I think that statement confused me even more. I'm just trying to be a friend. Maybe I shouldn't have kissed his cheek earlier today and to be honest, I don't know why I did it. I just thought it was a good idea and I don't know why. I don't regret it though. I did when I first did it, but I'm kind of glad I did.
—————————
I've been thinking about doing a chapter in Jack's point of view very soon, but I'm not sure if it's too soon, hahaha. But if you guys want one, let me know!

Hope you liked the chapter! :)
