
She jumped in my arms and kissed my cheek, "I already know you passed."
I squeezed her gently and kissed the top of her head, "I don't think I could've without you."
I sat her down on her feet and she looked up at me, "Are you saying you needed me, Jack?" She played with the flutter of her eyelashes.
I gestured towards the open door, "I already told you that."
She walked inside and was already walking up the stairs. I followed behind quietly, taking two steps at a time until I reached the landing. We made it into my room and I closed the door and engaged the lock. She was sitting on the edge of my bed when I turned around, leaning back on her hands and eying me.
So tempting.
"When do you get your results back?" She asked.
I took a few steps towards her, "In a couple of days."
"Have you...you know..."
I shook my head, "Nothing yet. It has to come back to me." Hopefully before it's too late. But I'm looking on the bright side of things.
More like a dim lit side.
She smiled up at me and nodded her head, "I know you will."
I leaned over her, slowly pushing her towards the bed. She reached up, placing a hand on my cheek lightly. I rested on my knuckles until we were pressed together. Her hand slid to the back of my neck and she pulled me down to her lips. I quickly responded, my mouth opening under hers.
Juliet moaned against my mouth and it took everything in me not to cede to her wishes. I wanted her; I wasn't going to deny that. I would be stupid to. But right now she was making it difficult.
And I wasn't making this easier on myself.
A growl erupted from my chest and my arm went around her waist. I brought her to the top of the bed and kissed her harder. Her hands fisted in my hair, pulling lightly to get a moan out of me.
I needed to stop myself.
Her hands traveled down my torso, her fingers peeking under the hem of my shirt. She pulled down on the hem of my shirt, telling me she wanted it off. If I'm going to stop, I need to do it now.
I pulled away, dropping my head beside hers. My breaths came out in heavy pants, hers echoing mine. She twisted her arms around my shoulders and pulled me closer.
"Parents." I breathed.
She let out a small laugh
I turned my head and buried my face in her neck. I smiled and took a deep breath, "There will be a day when we don't have to hide." I muttered, "Maybe from your grandparents."  I joked.
"They would probably come around eventually."
Eventually.
Juliet started running her fingers through my hair and my eyes fell closed. I took a deep breath, exhaling slowly. Sleep was weighing down on me, begging me to give in. And I did because it was pointless to fight it.