
"And you're annoying." I snapped.
He just grinned and opened the door. "It's good to see you too, Juliet."
I stepped inside the house, Jack following close behind. I heard the door close and I turned around. Jack started walking up the stairs, "Where are you going?" I asked.
"My room?" He stepped backwards off the step.
"Wouldn't the kitchen be easier?" My heart was betraying me.
Jack snorted. "Not really. You said you didn't want anyone to know, my parents could wake up. And then what?"
I just stared at me for what felt like too long. "Fine."
I followed him upstairs, scared I might fall over in the dark. Almost tripping on the last step, I grabbed the back of Jack's shirt. "You okay?" He whispered, a hint a laughter in his voice.
I quickly dropped my hand and placed it against my chest. "I'll live." I swallowed the lump in my throat and stepped on the landing.
We walked down a long hallway, stopping in front of the last door. The light from his room was seeping into the hallway from the crack in the door. He turned around, pointing to the other end of the hall. "Parents are all the way down there, they won't be able to hear anything."
My mind went blank.
He knew what I was thinking because the corner of his mouth perked up. "Totally not what you're thinking there." He tapped the top of my head like a child. "I just have a feeling you're going to be yelling at me. Quite a lot."
"At least you think ahead." I pushed passed him, ignoring the burn in my cheeks. I've never been in Jack's room so this was going to be an experience.
And I need to get my mind cleansed after this.
Jack's room wasn't really messy, but it wasn't organized either. His desk was cluttered, his bed messily unmade, and his bookshelf was crammed and books were falling out. "Thought I would be poetic." Jack's voice made me jump.
I turned from his bookshelf and faced him. "About what?"
He gestured towards his room with wide arms. "Thought I would let me room match my life. Out of whack. Chaos walking. Charming disaster. Sums my life up."
"Very poetic of you, McKinnon."
He put a hand over his heart, "I try."
"So, where do we work? The only clean part of your room is the bed." And I could smack myself right now.
"You're just on a roll tonight." He laughed and walked to his desk.
He piled all the books and moved them. Instead of taking them to the shelf like I thought he was, he just dropped them down on his bed. Nice.
He dragged one of the chairs from the corner of his room, placing it beside the computer chair. Guess he didn't think ahead on everything. We sat down, Jack was much closer than I would like him to be. I could feel his breath lightly against my neck and that's when you know someone is too close. And yet, here I am, not telling him to move.