
Now that I think about it, I don't think there really is an easy way to tell them I love Jack.
Grandma's eyebrows rose, "You fell in love? With who?" She asked slowly.
I opened my mouth to talk, but Grandpa beat me to it with a grin on his face, "I already know whom." He nudged Grandma with his elbow, "I told you it was going to happen eventually."
"You know?" I asked.
They both looked at me, "We both saw it coming."
"How? I didn't even see it coming."
"You have been hanging out quite a bit this summer. He's a good kid, just a little misunderstood because of his parents' divorce—"
"Wait." I interrupted, "Who are we talking about?"
"James, obviously. Who do you think?"
This just went from worse, to just a disaster, "I'm talking about Jack."
Now they were both confused. I looked to my grandma to see her expression, "Jack McKinnon?" She asked. "I don't understand how that could happen, Juliet. I told you to stay away from him—"
"I know." I answered quickly, "I started tutoring him at the beginning of the summer and one thing led to another. Believe me, I had no intentions on having anything with Jack, Grandma. It just...happened."
"How can it just happen? Nothing just happens. And it's not going to happen anymore. I don't want you near that house anymore."
I was losing what little patience I had left, "I respect you and Grandpa both. But this is a decision I'm making on my own."
I hated the way she was looking at me now. Her face softened, her lips fell into a frown, "I can't let you see him, Juliet. He's on house arrest—"
"Not anymore." I pushed my plate to the side, the sight of it making me sick, "He's innocent, Grandma. It's all over the news. Right now he's in the hospital and it's killing me. I can't stand the thought of losing him."
My grandpa didn't say anything and my grandma just stared at me like I had two heads, "I didn't know he was in the hospital." She sighed, "I can't approve of this relationship without talking to Jack." She reached across the table and grabbed my hand, "I'm here to protect you, Juliet."
"He'd never hurt me. He loves me, too."
She smiled weakly, "I want to know everything."
I went into the full story, starting from me getting locked out of the house. I mentioned our tutoring sessions and how we grew closer. I obviously left out some details, but I gave her what I knew. I told her about Jack's current situation and how absolutely none of this is his fault. She nodded along as I talked and I waited for her to respond when I finished telling her everything.
I was afraid of what she was going to say.
"That's good for Jack. But I still want to talk to have him and his parent's over for dinner one evening when Jack is feeling better. Until then, be careful please."
"I'm always careful."
"I know that." She gave my hand a pat and pulled back. "Have you hear anything from his parents?"