
"It'll be fine, trust me."
"I do."
"I'll meet you out here around midnight."
"See you at midnight."
He pecked my lips and walked back to his house.
Things are finally turning around for him and I couldn't be happier. The situation still isn't ideal, but it's better than it was before. Way better than before. He still can't leave his house, but now he doesn't have the annoying ankle monitor to keep in caged in his house. I guess that is the point of house arrest.
I made it back inside and joined James again. I leaned against the couch beside him and he looked over at me, "Everything okay?"
"Uh, yeah. Everything's good." I smiled.
"Jack okay?"
"Yeah, he just got home. We're going to hang out later."
James just nodded and turned his attention back to the TV.
During an episode, James got a phone call from one of his friends about a major party apparently. Of course he wouldn't pass up the opportunity. We stood in his room and I kept him company while he got ready. Which only involved changing his shirt and fixing his hair, "Sure you don't want to go? It'll be fun."
"Call me boring." I laughed nervously.
"You're not boring." He pulled his jacket on and walked up to me, "You'll be okay while I'm gone?"
"I'll be fine." I'll be with Jack anyway. "Have fun."
He smiled, "Well call me if anything happens and I'll be back as soon as I can. Be safe."
He patted my shoulder and left the room. I stood there in the middle of his room until I heard the front door close. I ran back down stairs and found my phone on the coffee table. I found Jack's contact and called him. He answered on the fourth ring after I almost thought he wouldn't answer at all. "Busy right now?" I asked.
"Never for you."
"Then come over, no one's home."
He was quiet for a moment, "Um, my parents aren't in bed yet. As soon as they go, I'll be over."
"Just come in. I'll be in my room and I know you know where that's at."
His laugh echoed through the phone, "I do. I'll see you in a few minutes."
After I hung up, I went back upstairs.
I stopped in front of my mirror to check my reflection. Eh, good enough. As long as my hair isn't everywhere, I'm good. And just as I tucked a few strands behind my ear, the doorbell rang. I laughed and rolled my eyes.
I made my way down the stairs for the millionth time and opened the door, "I told you to just come in—" I stopped the second I noticed it wasn't Jack standing in the doorway, it was my dad, "What are you doing here?"
"I know. I'm sorry for just showing up." He held his hands up in defense and took a step back, "I was worried because you haven't answered my calls and you didn't give me an answer about California."
Him showing up like this definitely wasn't the weirdest thing that's happened to me this week, "Oh, sorry." I murmured and opened the door wider, "Want to come in?" Trying this whole new road called recovery.