
Especially the only person that's been there for you for years without any problems at all.
After all of this blows over, I'm writing him off.
"He won't again."
"How can you be sure?"
I thought for a second and shrugged my shoulders, "Just don't worry. He's not stupid enough to do it again, okay?"
She dropped her hands away from my face and nodded. I leaned forward and captured her lips with mine. I cupped her face in my hands to deepen the kiss and tell her I mean everything without speaking.
I pulled away and lightly brushed my lips over hers, "All of this can't be over fast enough."
What happened between Juliet and I did happen pretty fast. Was it a good fast? Possibly. We have known each other since I was eating crayons in preschool. There was just nothing...there. During freshman year I thought maybe. We've known each other so long, why not, right? My thinking wasn't justified.
I knew about all the things we had in common and I really did want to be her friend. But I was a lost cause, too far gone to be friends with her, let alone be emotionally attached to her.
I'm sure you've heard it all before. The boy that doesn't believe in love could possibly be on his way to finding it. And with the person who he thought would be the last person he would ever feeling anything this intense for. That guy is now me. And on top of that, she returned it.
Juliet is kind of the miracle I needed. The push in the right direction. I was on my way to changing, but a huge bump in the road proved to be problematic. As in being on trial for being a suspect in a murder investigation. One that I had no involvement in. Well, I was there, I know that. But I didn't do it. I didn't help accomplish this for someone else.
She also helps me forget things.
I wasn't lying when I told her the distraction was nice. Now the distraction is more than just doing homework. Even just watching a movie with my arm around her is distracting enough.
Kissing her is another story.
She was looking at me now the way I've always wanted someone to look at me. Everything about her soft expression told me she was here to stay not matter what. And I believed it.
I stood back up and got back into bed. I opened my arms for Juliet and she crawled towards me. I wrapped my arms around her and hugged her tightly. I tilted my head down to look at her and she lifted her head from my shoulder. She met my lips again with a sudden urge.
I grasped her chin in my hand and kissed her back without a second thought. I let go of her chin and moved my only free hand down to her hip. I brushed my thumb over the bare skin and she groaned against my lips.
She pulled back away from me, her lips only an inch away from mine, "I think I need to go."
"No." I breathed, "You don't have to leave. My parents won't be back—"
She laughed, "Completely oblivious." She pecked my lips and got out of my bed.
I jumped up a second later and caught her wrist before she could leave, "Give me a few hints if you're not going to tell me what I did."