
Hi peeps😄This is my first book so it might not be very good...... But if your reading this, thank you so much! It's so cool to know that people are really reading what I wright! I'll try and update weekly, if not, more.-Nadiyah😄😄
Valentine's  P.O.VHi!I'm Valentine Ella Grace.Here's some stuff about me.I'm 16 years-old,I have a younger sister named Abigail but I call her Abby, I have amazing parents, Bill and Sandra,I have always loved swimming and I hope to one day go to the Olympics, that's about it really......Anyways, I have a swim competition today. I've been having these weird pains in my arms and legs for the past month now. it's kinda weird. I don't tell anyone though, I just don't want my parents and Abby to worry. My parents have got enough to worry about, anyways..... lets just say that I don't have the richest family in the world......"Val hurry up, their starting the countdown in 2 minutes!" I hear my coach yell, snapping me out of my deep thoughts. I quickly put my swim cap and goggles on and I carefully jog across the slippery floor to where all the other swimmers are lined up. I look up to where the audience is watching us and I see my parents and Abby cheering me on. I step up onto the platform just on time. the announcer starts counting down just a few seconds after I'm on the platform. "10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4," I'm starting to feel a bit weird......whatever...... "3, 2, 1, GO!" I jump of the platform full strength and start long, strong strokes, pushing smoothly through the water. I'm at the front of all the other competitors right now. My hands start to feel tingly. weird. I shake it off. Next my vision starts to blur, and not it's not my goggles starting to fog up. All of the sudden I start to feel really dizzy, I realize I'm at the back of the line now. My breaths start to get shorter by the second. I need air. I need to stop swimming now. I try to stop in my tracks for some breaths of air but I get this huge pain in my leg causing me to gasp deeply...underwater...I hear a few gasps from the audience before everything goes black. it's much more peaceful now, but I'm scared, what's happening.