
SYAVIR'S POV
'Syavir when junior high school'
I always stalked about popular teenagers in my town, like maybe my friend Vanessa she's the queen bee on my town, while open her Instagram there's a picture about handsome boy, that I never met, and the caption was "Fortunately he's not mine anymore", I'm so confused about that, she has a handsome ex-boyfriend but why she was so excited about her broke up with him. Im just so jealous why she has a boyfriend, On the other hand the boys always mocking me because of I'm fat.
'Syavir on Senior High School'
It was my first on senior high school, I'm in a freshman year, I'm so excited about that because of I just got many friends like thanah,malia, and vion(Vion as fat as Syavir but she's just always confident about that). but I just not still confident because of my body. There's something different in my jhs and shs, in shs there are a lot kind of pretty girl/queen bee or even bitch. But in jhs in feels like you are just a child turn into a teenagers.
3 months later
It's been 3 months I've been studies in here, but one day when I went to my class after I had a lunch with Vion, there were a boys that sat on the long chair in front of our class. "Haha you're body look like a hippo" one of them called that to us, after I heard that i just walked away while I turn my hands up and let my middle finger fuck him up. And all of them say "ohh..my god......, how dare her does she know you zare ? Haha she's so mad!!". Yes. I am so mad of them. And then Vion take my hand and ran into the empty toilets girl.
"You know what syavir! You just let your middle finger up to the bad,sarcastic,arrogant boy on our school! Don't you know him? He was ZARE!, he's the shopomore on this school you know!" Said vion to me as I felt so amberres. "What the fuck? Are you serious ? ZARE who was Vanessa's ex-boyfriend ?" I said with asking face. "Yeah! You're right!but why you let your finger up to him ?" Vion asked.
"I just.. I don't know that he was a shopomore in this school actually zare, I thought he was the other freshman like us". "Oh my god syavir.. You just start the long argument with the bad boy on our school, have luck with him!" Vion answered it when she's turn away to want to go back to the class.and I'm still unbeliveble about that. Yeah vion is true that I just start the big fight argument with him. Its all my fault.
A/N authors note
Hi guys.... so this is my first story on wattpad I hope you like it please vote my story with just click the star on the bottom, im sorry for the typo :)) :*