
Second Person P.O.V
"I'm turning 18 tommorow!" (y/n) said to Cake and Fionna. "How come you didn't tell me before!?" Fionna said with huge eyes. "Well... I wanted it to be a surprise." (y/n) smiled. "You want some food honey?" Cake said making some scrambled eggs. "I'm good. If you need me I'll be at the Candy Kingdom!" (y/n) said running out of the tree house. As (y/n) started to reach the gates of the Candy Kingdom she saw the Banana guards talking to each other. "Hey Banana guards." (y/n) came to a halt. "Hi (y/n). What brings you here?" Banana guard says. " I wanted to see what Gumball is doing." (y/n) said referring to the gates that are closed. "Here." Both Banana guards open the gate for (y/n) to go through. (y/n) walked through and waved goodbye to the Banana guards. As she made it inside the Candy Kingdom she found Peppermint Maid walking down the hallway. "Hi Peppermint Maid! Do you know where Gumball is?" (y/n) says smiling. "Last time I saw him was in his lab." Peppermint Maid said thinking. "Thank you!" (y/n) says running down the hallway, trying to find the lab. Once she finds the lab, she sees Gumball mixing a pink liquid with a pencil."Hey Gumball!" you said smiling brightly. Gumball quickly turned around and caused him to fall to the floor. "Oh! Hi (y/n)... I didn't see you there..." he said still on the floor, scratching his neck. You helped him up and he went back to the pink liquid he was mixing. "Sooo... what are you making?" You said intrested on what he was doing. "I'm trying to make something that will make a barrier over the Candy Kingdom if there was ever to be an invasion or if we get attacked." You were glad that he took care of his Candy people. You started thinking on how you wished that you saved your people. You put a fake smile so Gumball couldn't notice your sudden mood of change. "I'm turning 18 tommorow!" You said suddenly remembering about tommorow. When you saw his face he didn't seem that excited. "That's nice. I hope you have a happy birthday." Since you saw he was busy with his mixture you left. "I'll see you later Gumball!" You said going out the door. As you made it to the outside of the Candy Kingdom you ran to the forest.