
[1999]
Aaliyah's P.O.V
[Me]
"Ooh, who keeps buggin you
Or who's been loving you, tell me
"are you" are you "that somebody,"
Or is it you been loving on somebody else..."
Me and Ginuwine are making it hot in the studio. Right now, we are working on our single called, "Final Warning" and I am loving it so far. I bob my head to the beat of the track as Ginuwine kills the mic.
[Ginuwine]
"I'm always gonna be the "same ol G"
Are you leaving or staying with me?
Tell me."
[Course]
"Not right now i'm busy
Call me in the morning, Oooh
Your telephones awful busy
They callin in the morning, Oooh
That was your final warning, don't call me in the morning Oooh..."
[Me/Repeat]
"So who keeps buggin you..."
The music stops and that's a wrap. Me and Ginuwine look at each other and laugh simultaneously. My man Timbo talks to us through the speaker.
"What an amazing duo. We have officially completed this song," Timbaland announces, clapping his hands together. I smile at him and Gin.
"Yeah this song is great. I needa go home and rest my feet y'all. I can't hang anymore. Liyah, Tim, I'll catch y'all later a'ight?" Ginuwine says, walking out of the music booth.
"Bye Elgin," I playfully reply, walking out from behind him.
He sucks his teeth as he walks past Missy. I grab the water bottle off the table and begin to drink it. Soon afterwards, my loving Uncle walks in with his suit and hat. He has a suitcase and some papers which I'm guessing is for me. He opens up his arms and we share an embracing moment.
"How are you baby girl," I hear him say in my ear.
"I'm fine Uncle Barry. So what's up," I respond, pulling away from him.
"Well," he continued, "I just got a call from the 21 Under 21 Magazine and they want you apart of the photoshoot. Does that fit your schedule sweetie?"
"Um what time?"
"5:30 to 7:00."
"Sounds perfect. Tomorrow right?"
"Yes indeed."
"I'll fit that in my schedule then," I answer smiling.
"Okay great. I'll let the people know. Love you Aaliyah," Uncle Barry mentions before leaving out the door.
"Love you too," I return. He walks out the studio door and close it. I look at my producer who seems jealous.
"What Tim?"
"Why he ain't ask me if I wanted to be apart of it?"
"Maybe 'cause you over 21," I explain laughing. Timbaland rolls his eyes at me. That makes me laugh any more as I take a seat by Missy.
"I can pass for one doe right?"
He asks me in a deep tone. My eyes meet Missy's and a burst of laughter comes out my mouth. My hair is all in my face but I just couldn't help. He ain't old but-- he getting there.