
Aaliyah looks at us like we crazy or something. My nerves loosen when she smiles at us. That beautiful smile just gets me every- hold up! I am mad at Lance right now! I don't even know what to say!
I turn to him, "I hate you! How could you do this to me?"
"You won't hate me for long bro. There is your chance. I'm going to wait over there for you. Good luck," he replies happily, patting me on the back before sauntering off.
I wander my eyes over to Aaliyah's face, who is which making her way over to me. I am so scared right now. It was different with Britney but then; this is Aaliyah. She acts so mature and can handle herself very well. Me? Hah! Not. Even. In. My. Dictionary. There she is. Right in front of me.
"Yes Justin?" She asks sweetly.
I'm frozen.
Why am I frozen?
JT can't be frozen.
I can tell Aaliyah is slightly uncomfortable with the awkward silence between us. She embarrassingly smiles again.
I stutter, "U-uh uh um u-uh w-what a-a um photshoot huh? I-I had a blast." What the hell was I thinking?
"Y-yeah I had fun too. I got to know you and Lance a lot more better and you guys seem fun to hang out with," Aaliyah agrees, removing her bang away from her eye.
"Totally and you seem like an amazing girl," I compliment, making her blush. "So Aaliyah, would you mind if I could get your number? Like, you don't have to. If you don't want to, I totally understand."
Oh that was real smooth Justin. You are a total charm! What is wrong with you! Why would she even sa- "Yeah sure. I'll write it down on paper...if you stop saying 'totally'."
"Yeah sure, total- I mean of course Ms. Aaliyah."
She laughs at little and starts to dig inside her purse, grabbing a plain paper. I am totally shocked. Why do I keep on saying that word? That's not even cool. The girl writes her digits with a pen quickly, handing it to me. I can't believe I just got her number that easily.
Not saying that she is easy because she is tough and I know that for a fact. I turn around to Lance, who has a "thumbs up" for me.
"Thanks Liyah-I mean Aaliyah if you don't want me to give you a nickname," I correct shyly.
Aaliyah responds, "Aw you are too cute. I don't mind if you give me a nickname. Hell, I get called Liyah all the time. With that being said, go ahead."
Aw she finds me cute. Wait! She finds me cute? Cute is for babies! I am a grown ass man! Well, I am a grown ass boy since I'm still a teenager but, can I at least be handsome?
"Okay sure. Well, I should get going. Again, It was an honor meeting you in person. I'll call you some time soon."
"Don't forget," she adds.
Aaliyah gives me a hug, before walking off. I couldn't help but stare at her ass. Please don't judge me--I'm a guy. A guy who is an ass man. She may not have a lot but, she still has it. And that counts for JT.
"JT got the digits! JT got the digits!" Lance chants, marching his ass up to me.
I don't pay him any mind and walk off myself. Tonight was a good night for me. I'm glad I did come.
A/N: Is being edited. Chapter two will be funny. Please, comment on what you think about this. The votes to me is second important. Hope you enjoyed! More to come! Gosh I luv these to! XoXoxoxo!