
Do you ever feel lost? Like nothing you do will ever work? Well that's me. I'm Elizabeth Johnson. I have long brown hair with light streaks and greenish brownish eyes. I'm in my junior year of high school. People tend to not like me. I don't really give a fuck. They have nothing better to do, in their spear time so they choose to pick on me. When this happens I go to the music room. It's my happy place. I have friends believe me I do. But I can't connect to them as good as I do to music. My friends are Kathryn, Zachary, and Tessa. They are always there for me in the tuffest times. I don't cut or do drug and stuff like that. I just put my feeling into the music and let it come alive.
Right now I'm in ELA. This is where most of the action takes place. Ben. That's my number one "bully". He calls me " Little Girl" in the hallways, and sometimes I hear a little bitch action. That may not seem like much, but when you have been called that since like forth grade, it sometimes gets to you. Another one of his minions is Mark. He always has something to do with the physical stuff Ben does to me. Yes I said physical. It could be that he trips me, grabs my arm and yanks me back, or just hits me. He doesn't do that often, it's only when he's on his "Man Period".
Well you've heard about people at my school, now my house. My parents aren't abusive, or anything close to that. They are the best parents you could ever have. That sounds cheesey, but it's true. My music side comes from my dad.We look alike, I'm most like him, he has brown hair and brown eyes. He is rocker, more on the heavy mental side. I love rock, some jazz, and instrumental music. My mom is where I get my artist side from. She has blonde hair and blue eyes. Yes I'm an artist also. I've been in a couple art shows, but it's only on rare occasions that you see me drawing something. I am mostly listening to music, or fangirling. I forgot to mention that too. I love books, if I were to list all my favorites it would be and entire book. I have two brothers, they make me the tuff ass I am. When Ben or Mark has gone too far that's when you see the tuff ass me. My oldest brother Noah is my best friend. We have a really powerful bond. He is about three years older than me. He has dirty blond hair and bluish brownish eyes. Last but not least Andrew. He is almost a year older than me. He has brown curly hair and brown eyes. We only talk about books, we don't have as good of a bond as me an Noah do. Oh yeah and Jack my dog. He is a Black Lab mixed with a Border Collie. Not much about him.
Well now you are officially introduced to my life. I'm sure I forgot some more things, they will come later in the story.
AN: Ok so I am a terrible author. I try. So if you try to read this and don't like it, don't complain. This story is mostly about me. I don't really get picked on, just no one likes me. (except my friends)Please no hate mail. I might not update sometimes because I'm either reading or playing my clarinet or piano.Well here it goes to the first chapter! 👍👍👏-🐢 Molly 🐢