
Ch.1
Mistakes.

//Justin//
"You should know that she has been seen out with some other dude named Tristan or whatever his name is. I don't think it's worth becoming stressed about her.. she's clearly moved on so you should too bro..." Za trailed off before he continued to munch on the Doritos he had in his hands.
"Shut the hell up and let me make my own decisions I kind of love her if you didn't tell, no matter what she means the world to me. That letter was such a huge mistake and now here I am left to act like I'm fine when in reality I want nothing more than to vanish from this world, she was my life." I confessed before I set the beer can down that didn't have much left remaining inside.
"You are wasting time man. I don't mean to be controlling it's just come on.. you can't continue to live like this and hope someday she will find her way back because sometimes it doesn't work out like that. Get Ash over here and have some fun with her.. she seems to make you forget for a while.." He trailed off.
"I want her Za. I don't want Ashley Moore even though I can admit she had a hot body but Meghan is the love of my life and seeing her with all these other guys drive me insane," I confessed before I sunk down on the couch.
"There isn't anything you can do about it but attempt to move on even a tad. Here how about we head down to the beach party that's happening tonight and maybe dance with some hot chicks so that you can have fun." He offered then after a couple seconds I nodded.
"Fine!"
~~
//Meghan//
"Meghan!" Tristan called from downstairs. I took a deep breath in before I slid the picture of Justin and me back in my wallet then fumbled with the button on my jeans.
"One second!" I answered then I wiped the tears escaping to come down before I clutched my purse and headed downstairs to see Tristan wearing some basketball shorts and a muscle shirt. I couldn't exactly say that I loved Tristan, I can admit that he's sweet but he's not Justin...
I am kind of still mad at Justin for writing that stupid letter and leaving me, he thought that it was for the best but we both know that I still need and love him. I know he feels the same with all the pictures of the weed and drinking which he had done when he was upset about stuff.
I never knew that he would be the one to take matters in his own hands and do that but I am in no way, shape or form saying that it was the best choice. It hadn't been but this is me attempting to move on although that could never happen. I love Justin and always will.
"You look beautiful, excited for the party?" He wondered as he placed his arm around my neck then I breathed in once before I threw on a fake smile and said..
"Ready than ever..
A/N
Better version? Yes or No? Comment below and vote.