
⚡ ⚡ ⚡ Jason's POV ⚡ ⚡ ⚡
He took down what he thought was the last monster. A hell hound but apparently there was one last one. The one he hated so much, a evil centaur. There was a loud scream that he could name in a mili second. Piper McLean. His true love came down to the ground due to that one centaur. Piper and him were the only 2 in the area.
"PIPER!" He just electrocuted and killed the centaur.  He immediately sprinted over to her.
"Jason?"
"Yeah, Pipes I'm right here hang in there. Everything will be alright." Piper just shook her head.
"I-I c-can't-t. It hurts t-too much Jason. I can't."
"No Pipes. You can." He looked up desperately and started to yell. " HELP! HELP!" The 7 split into groups of 2 and so they thought it wiuld be nice and they could Piper and him partnered up not knowing this would be the final battle. He just looked down at Piper who's eyes were in the middle of closing. He just took his shirt off and tried to stop the bleeding,  but knowing his luck it wasn't working and her eyes closed. "NO SOMEONE HELP!"
"Jason?" Annabeth
"Annabeth help, Pipes is dying!"
"HOLY HADES GODS NO! PERSEUS JACKSON GET OVER HERE RIGHT NOW WITH MEDICAL SUPPLIES!" She then sprinted to  the other side of Piper. " Jason,  she will be fine put tour shirt back on."  He just nodded because he knew he would break down right on the spot, so he just put his shirt back on. And there was a lot of blood in the center. He did all that he could do. Pray to Apollo.
"You called?" He turned around and saw Apollo.
"Apollo.  Please help Piper. I-I think she's dead."
"She is not dead yet. Step aside." He just looked down at her, how could he let her go.  Annabeth got up, but apparently he could just stay next to her. Apollo did some magic, but she just seemed to get worse and Apollo got up and shook his head no.
He just cried his heart out over her and eventually the rest of the 7 got there.
"Hey dude, what's wrong?" He couldn't turn around and answer so he just shook his head. "Oh, I'm sorry. You didn't deserve this." He could hear Annabeth and Hazel crying, but he was crying the loudest and  hardest.
♨ ♨ ♨ ♨ ♨ ♨ ♨
I KNOW I AM EVIL KILLING BOTH OF THEM BUT 2 DINNER FANFICS PEACE. COMMENT, VOTE, FOLLOW