
Now dont get me wrong I'm still pissed at Luke but I'll deal with him later, but for now I have this date with Ashton so this will be interesting. Plus I've never been to Nando's so this should be a nice place. I zone out thinking of all that could and might go wrong but I trust Ash even though I just met him. Luke brings me out of my thoughts when I feel him grabbing my wrist and border line dragging me back to his truck.
"Hey what are you-"
"We need to talk, now." He looks mad. Wait why is he mad?! I'm the one who'se supposed to be mad! Now I'm getting mad.
"Why are you mad when I'm the one who is supposed to be." He halts to a stop and turns and looks at me andgrily.
"Not that I dont trust you or Ash but I-I don't think this is a good idea."
"Seriously? Luke it's my decision to go or not. I'll be fine, trust me and him okay? I'll talk to you all about it when it's over okay?" His face is relaxing finally, he still looks hurt and I still dont see why. His answer wasn't very vaild but it'll do for now.
"Okay, lets get you home." and like that he was dragging me to the truck and opening the door for me to climb in.
-------------------
"Uuuugggghhhh! I have no idea what to wear!" I scream at myself practically. I throw a shirt on the ground one after another from my closet as I scavenge for something to wear. Dress? It is getting warmer each day since it's March. I look through my dresses and see a white lace mid-thigh cap shoulder dress. I grab it and toss off my shirt and shorts to see how it looks and check in the mirror. I look through my shoes and find a pair of black heels, too much. Okay what about wedges? I look and see a pair of white wedges and try them on and look in my mirror, looks good so far. I walk to my bathroom and check to make sure my curls aren't frizzy. I decided to leave my hair natural since I dont have much time. My makeup is still intact and then I hear my phone ring in my room and run to it to see who it is, Mom.
"Hey mom!"
"Hey sweetie oh I miss you so much!" it's great to hear her voice again.
"I miss you too! Guess what I'm about to do?" I have to tell her one way or another.
"And what's that?"
"I'm going on a date with one of Lukes friends Ashton." silence. Silence will fall runs through my head as I think of Doctor Who. Not now Matt Smith!
"Oh, without our permission?" here we go again.
"Mom its okay its just dinner and then I'll be home I promise."
"Oh alright. When you get home I am expecting a text saying you're home safe and sound okay?"
"Yes ma'am. I love you!"
"I love you too!" and the line went dead. Next thing I know I hear the doorbell ring. Hear goes nothing, it's only a friendly date, right?