
This month has flown by with me being busy with school, packing, and saving up some extra cash for my emergency fund. I guess Career Prep. helped freshman year. I just don't like babysitting, I don't like doing anything now that I think about it. I stare at my blank walls and boxes in the corner and sigh. Now to get them to the truck, fun. I start to lift a box and it was surprisingly light, then head downstairs and out the door to the truck. It was already half way full?! I forgot we had the basement full of stuff. I thought mom got rid of some of this stuff?! Spring cleaning is hopefully soon. I run back in the house and up the stairs to my room to see my window open. I swear it was closed! Is my house possessed? I slowly move toward it to see Sarah climbing in my window. What?! "SARAH WHAT THE HELL?!"Her hand slipped but still had balance in the side oft house. Is she Spider-Man or something?!"Don't scare me like that!" She replies taking me away from my amazement. "You do realize the front door is open right?" I ask. "Um, sure yeah I totally knew that but this is giving me a reason to workout!" I can tell she didn't know. How didn't she know?! The door was literally wide open! Bless. "Okay whatever, get in here already and help carry boxes!" We get done caring boxes to the truck now full. My room is empty. Bare, plain, blank. Sarah sniffles and walks to my bathroom and closes the door. Is she crying? I hate it when she cries, she'll make me cry and she knows it! "Sarah? Don't make me cry!" I say on the other side of the door. "Yeah hold on my makeup is running!" I hope she doesn't need to re-apply because it's all packed up.Once our business in my room was taken care of, we smelled something like bread and meat."I SMELL PIZZA!!" I shout whilst running/tripping down the stairs. "Dad got us pizza so your limit is 2 pieces Alex!" Mom warns. Dammit mother! "Yes ma'am."We finished up and cleaned up what's left of the house and set up the pallets of blankets on the floor. The people delivering our buff on the truck called and said its on the plane heading to Sydney. Also they will put it in the house for us if we don't arrive before the luggage. That's nice! Just don't take my books or clothes, I need that. My thoughts start to wander about how Sydney will be, school mainly. They are so different and so is driving and well, everything! I start to get panicky but soon calmed down by laying my head on my penguin pillow pet. Don't judge me! His name is Peter 3. I fell into a deep sleep, but awoken by my dad shaking me at 2:30 am. That to early leave me be fool! "Alex, Alex get up our flight is in 3 hours!" She whispers. I immediately jolt out of bed frantically gathering my belongs like carry on luggage and suit case. I get ready but just putting my lions main of red, curly hair in a bun. I'm too lazy for this. I put on light mascara to make it seem like a natural look only so people don't think I'm a zombie from The Walking Dead. Outfit of choice: leggings and a hoodie from christmas and combat boots. It was cute I guess but comfy mostly. At 3:02 my stuff is loaded up and ready to leave. I stare at the house one last time and sigh. So many memories, not enough time. I felt a hand in my shoulder, it was Sarah. I totally forgot she stayed the night! I'm a terrible person. "Stay with me! Cause you're all I need!" She sings Sam Smith. "It's too early for singing! I want to stay but it's dads say. I'll skype and call and text don't worry!" I say as hug her tightly. I don't want to leave her, she doesn't want to leave me. "You better! If not I'm coming to visit and never leave, can I? Wait mom won't let me. Oops!" She laughs. We laugh. I hug her once more before dad honks the horn. Rude much. I let go and she leaves to her house across the street, back to sleep and still home. Home. What is home? I don't know but I'll find it one day. I get in the car and say in my mind "Why me?" As we drive off to the airport. Why?