
(Hey readers! So this is going to be hella long but idc so enjoy and of course Happy Reading!)
Alex P.O.V.
I wake up to the piercing sound of my alarm clock, at 6:30 am. Monday. Ugh how I dread this day! Reason 1: School and reason 2: homework and no Netflix. I literally roll out of bed and onto the floor with a thud.
"Ow!" now my back hurts! I sit up and see the time and slowly get onto my feet and find my iHome radio and plug my phone into it and find Pentatonix and click shuffle. I walk to my bathroom singing along to the music and hop in the shower for about 10 minutes and feel woken up now. Once I get out I blow dry my hair and do my makeup, the usual eyeshadow and mascara with concealer on my chin. Acne can die in a hole for all I care!
----------------------------------
Once my tie is in place I grab my bag and check the time and see 7:01 am and take my breakfast to-go. I grab my car keys and text Luke I'm on my way and lock the door behind me as I walk to my car. I see the school bus drive off with half the neighborhood kids and sigh 'school is literally the death of me.'
I start my car and drive the usual way past the giant cactus and out the neighborhood to the main road. After about 10 minutes of driving and wanting to turn around and sleep forever, I finally pull into the parking lot. I slow down to find my usual spot and see Luke, Cal, and Mikey all parked one by one leaving my spot next to Lukes car.
"Hey yo pretty!" Michael shouts to me as I get out. I roll my eyes and head to Lukes car and open the passenger side door and get in.
"Good morning little red." Luke always calls me that, or gorgeous but I prefer my actual name most of the time.
"Hello blonde noodle." I smile as he chuckles and turns on the radio. Fall Out Boy starts playing and I recognize its the newest album.
"Wait, when did you get this album?!" Calum magically appears with Michael climbing in the backseat.
"Last night while you were on your date with Ash." Luke smirks at me then it fades into forced smile.
"Yeah that was, interesting." Calum and Michael are having there own conversation in the back as me and Luke look at each other but I can't read his face. The bell to get to class rings and Luke sighs and climbs out of the car along with Cal and Mikey. I try to open the door but it's immediately opened by Luke with his hand out.
"Let me help you since you're in a skirt." I blush a little and take his hand. We continue to walk to the main doors and I think Luke finally realized that we're still holding hands, then let go. I look at him and see his eyes are a dull blue like he's sad or depressed. I hope he's okay.
Luke P.O.V.
I feel her eyes are on me and I just try not to look into them because I know I would just break down. I feel my stomach eating itself from me throwing my breakfast back up this morning and I think it shows. I see Alex about to leave for class but I grab her hand and whirl her around to give her a hug.
"Have a good day okay?" I say to her trying not to look like I'm dying.
"I will, you too okay?" God does she looks beautiful today.
"I will." and like that we walked away to our classes. I swear she reminds me of her all the time.
Flashback
"Luke! Come back here and get me off the house!" I just laugh as I see her in the beating hot sun on the roof with her swimsuit on. I dared Lisa to jump off into the pool but it's looking like I get $20.