
Why me? I think as she makes an unsettling face but hides it behind a polite smile. "Oh well I'm sure you'll be fine in my class, if you need anything at all I'll be here for you. Wait here to be introduced to the class okay? Oh and mind my son, he has this class with me so if he does anything to you come to me and I'll take care of it." She warns. She has a son? Is he my age? I wonder what grade this class is for. "What grade is this class for? If you don't mind me asking." "Oh I teach all grades! This class is my mixed class where I have some grade 9 and many grade 11 and 12 but rarely I get a grade 10. But it's okay I'm sure you'll be fine!" Ring goes the bell to signal class starting. She walks in and j stand in the hall waiting to be called in and introduced. Is this how all classes go for newbies? I hope this doesn't happen in my next class. "Good morning class! Before we begin our lesson, we have a new student! Be nice to her she is from America so she doesn't know how our classroom is okay? Come on in honey!" She calls out for me. I'm so nervous! I swear if my anxiety spikes and my faces goes red I'm going to cry. Either way I walk in anyway. I here a few gasps in amazement I guess and one guy say something about my hair. But I keep moving to Mrs. Hemmings desk and stand facing the crowd. I first see a tall, skinny, blonde boy with bright blue eyes. He's resting his head in his hand on his desk, watching with curiosity. The guy behind him smacks the back of his head and coughs. Thanks really tan guy! I hate when people stare. "Now introduce yourself by saying you name, age, grade, and a hobby or something about your old school!" She demands. She could tell I was zoned out I guess. I silently clear my throat and think quickly of what to say. "Hey, I'm Alex Holland, I'm 17 and I'm a junior or grade 11. I sing and am in show choir at my old school and hope to be in it here too." I announce. I kid you not at least 10 guys all looked at each other like they were going to get lucky because of my age and grade. Ugh I hate people. Some girls looked at me up and down and had a stink face, jerks. But then there was the blonde boy, staring with a smirk on his face. The tan guy with blonde streaks behind him smacked his head again. Dude don't give him a concussion! "Calum! Stop hitting Luke in the head! I know what to do to stop this! Alex I want you to sit in between them! Your last name goes before Calum's so that works both ways! All right Calum, move. Now." She scares me. He moves to the desk behind him and Luke the blonde guy pouts, such a baby. I move to my desk and everyone stares at me. Is my face red?! Stupid anxiety I hate you. I get to Luke's desk and he stands to stop me, what? "Umm, can you please move?" I mutter. He smirks and he moves to the left or his right and looks me up and down but not in an uncomfortable way. I sit and so does he. I set my stuff where it needs to be and grab my notebook to take notes and homework. The rest of class goes on about stuff I already know so I'm not lost so that's good. I check the clock and then the poster of when class ends, only 20 minutes left. "Okay that's all of the lesson and you have no homework because we pretty much did it as examples. So I have a meeting across the hall so you know what to do." And she's gone. What?! Then people start moving around to other people's desks and pull out their phones. What the hell is this? I sorta go along with it and pull out my iPhone until Luke sets it down. "Umm, can you not?" I say sassy. You do not touch my phone, ever. "You have pretty green eyes, that's why I kept staring at you. I promise I'm not a creeper." "Okay? Thanks I guess. You have pretty blue eyes, like the ocean." "I have brown eyes! I'm not cool." Calum interrupts. "So do you have show choir here?" I ask randomly. I need to do something like it, it gives me a purpose I guess. "Yeah I'm in it. Why? Do you wanna join?" Luke is suddenly interested now. "Yes I wanna join. It says I have it 4th period but I still have to audition." I say to Luke and he smiles really big. Dork fish. "Oi futbol is where it's at! FIFA!" Calum exclaims loudly. Oh yeah they like soccer here. "Oh soccer? I like to watch it every now and then but it's okay I guess." Calum sorta smiles but is then take aback to my final comment. I'm not big on sports but I'll watch it. "So wait if your American, why do you look 100% Irish?" Luke asks me. "My mom is 100% Irish and my dad is half. They met in Dublin and moved to North Carolina and had me there."The rest of the 20 minutes we had left was me talking to Luke and Calum about America and then music. Luke really likes Good Charlotte and Calum loves Blink-182. For me it's A Day To Remember and they flip out. "YOU LIKE THAT KIND OF MUSIC?!" Calum is scaring me now. "Yeah it's all I listen to. Why?" Asking because it's probably how I look girly and like punk rock music. "A little yeah, but that's cool! We will be friends now!" Calum announces as the bell rings. "Sorry about him, he gets excited way to easily. But what do you have next?" Luke is quiet but helpful and nice. "I have chemistry with Mr. Bryan. ""Michael has that class! You have first lunch by the way so you're walking with us okay?" Luke says. "Sure. I'm so hungry!" I say as we walk towards the lunch room.