
Weeks go by in our new house in our new country. Weird to go on social media and have to change things and update people. I've been in my room a lot since we got here and settled in because I'm scared to go outside. One because I'm so pale that I can only burn and get more freckles since I'm Irish like my mom. It's so sunny but it's cold, and it's January! I did some research on Australia but it was mostly common sense or things I've learned in school so I guess I'm okay. Yesterday mom came in my room and had a chat with me about school, I wanted to cry. I hate being the new kid, I always was! My anxiety doesn't help either with being new all the time but I've learned to keep quiet and my head down for a few days until I look for friends. I Googled the school I'm going to and its a good looking school. It's mainly and academy but school is school to me. It looks way nicer and bigger than my old one in NC. "Alex?! We need you to come here we have very good news!" Mom calls for me downstairs. Ugh I'm almost done with this one episode of Doctor Who! "Sorry nine you'll have to wait. Don't go off on a new planet without me and Rose yet!" I say to my computer screen. Man I'm weird. I head downstairs and see a giddy giggly and smiley mother and happy father. What's going on? "Whatcha need? Did I do something?" I ask. "No of course not! We have a surprise for you! I hope you like it!" Dad says as he hands me a pair of keys. Car keys? "Wait what? These are car keys why wou-" I immediately knew what was going on and rushed outside to the drive way to be greeted by a Volkswagen Beetle! "OH MY GOSH THANK YOU SO MUCH I LOVE IT!!!" I scream and hug dad really tight. I kiss mom on the cheek and hug her neck as well. I finally have a car! Now I can get a job and have some extra cash! "Alex we know you want a job but you don't have to. We will pay for the insurance and gas and other things. Just maintain good grades and help around the house and be a good kid is all. Promise?" Mom asks. "Yes ma'am! I love it thank you!""Oh!" Dad butts in. "Tomorrow is your first day of school!" He says. What. That just ruined everything! But I need to go sooner or later so can graduate and leave for college. "Oh you need to go pick up you uniform today and you books also. I'll make a lis of things for you to do so you can drive around and get used to the area. I'll go with of course." Mom adds. Wait, UNIFORM?! Ugh if I have to wear a skirt I'm dropping out. I didn't have big thighs or was a big person, I had a thigh gap which was cool I guess because of social media, but I hate skirts. They can burn in hell for all I care. I was really a skinny person and had according to Sarah "big boobs and a booty for grabbing" so I guess it'll be fine? I got ready and got my wallet and keys then slipped on my Doc Martins and threw on my ADTR shirt with skinny jeans. "Where's me beanie? I had it somewh- there it is! Under my jacket!" I pronounce. "You ready to leave? We need to go now Alex!" "Coming!" I answer. Driving my own car is going to be great! I had my license already just not a car. It kinda sucked but I got used to it. We hopped in the car and started off on our adventure to school for my uniform. Though in the back of my head I kept thinking about that uniform and thought "why me?"