
Alex P.O.V.
I wake up at six am and I hear my phone buzzing under my pillow. I feel around for it then find it to see Luke texted me.
Luke: good morning x
Alex: morning I'm still tired :(
Luke: awe well I'll bring coffee if you want? :)
Alex: OMG please?! your the best :)
Luke: 1 I know ;) and 2 it's you're not your ;)
Alex: *eye roll* okay see ya at school :)
Luke: see ya :) x
I get out of bed and run to my bathroom to shower and get ready.
-----------------------
I pull into my parking space next to Luke and Michael's car. I don't see them so the must have already went inside. I get out of my car and see someone walking towards me. I can't tell who it is, until they stopped right in front of me.
"Hello, Alex. I see you're alone."
"And-drew?" I was utterly shocked since he was here. I couldn't move, I felt as if I was paralyzed. I tried to call out and scream but I was just, still.
"Luke's not here, you're alone and I have a proposal for you."
"W-what do y-you want from m-me?" I honestly am surprised I formed a sentence.
"I want you to leave. We'll leave Luke and never talk to him again. He needs to know how it feels to be ignored and alone. He needs to be put in his place. If you don't, then someone you love will die or maybe even you." What?!
"No! I'm not leaving him! He needs someone to help him through all the bad, no one deserves to be alone except you! He told me what you did to Lisa, and I hope you rot in jail." I've had enough so I got my phone out and called the police, arriving in the next 5 minutes.
Surprisingly Andrew didn't leave, he just stayed standing in front of me until the police came. I'm worried to what he's planning.
"Sir put your hands behind your head! On the ground now!" A cop shouts at him. He does what he says and cuffs him, throwing him in the back of the cop car. Why did he stay? I can't think straight anymore, I need to go to school and tell Luke but I'm also going to his house later so I guess I can skip.
I text Luke saying I don't feel well and I get in my car and drive back home. So much for getting an education today. I pull into my drive way to hear my phone ringing, someone's calling me? I grab my phone and see it's Luke calling.
"Hello?" I answer the phone.
"Hey is everything okay? Do I need to skip to take care of you?" I can hear the concern through the phone and I know I shouldn't lie but I can tell him when I come over, right?
"Yeah I just uh don't feel well. But I don't want you to miss school because if me." I don't want him to worry but Lord knows he always worries.
"No I'm coming over to take care of you I don't care if I get sick too. I'll be there in 10 okay?"
"Luke you don't-" and with that he hung up on me! I groan and get out of my car and head back into the house. Okay fun part, making myself look sick. I drop my bag on the kitchen island and grab a water bottle. I had breakfast so I guess I can just throw my Doctor Who pj pants on and my 'Trust Me, I'm A Doctor' Dr Sues shirt. I run upstairs and change back into my pjs and belly flop onto my bed. I look for my laptop and find it under my duvet and log in to go on tumblr.