
Alex P.O.V.
I wake up to Luke on the phone with someone, while still in bed laying next to me. I can hear him whispering something about a football game? I forget they have soccer here in Australia not American football. I turn over facing away from Luke to try and go back to sleep, but he notices and talks louder to annoy me. Ugh I just want to sleep dammit!
"So yeah we'll meet ya and the lads at the field in about 30 minutes, see ya." then hung up. He turns over and practically lays on top of me.
"Luuuuke!" I whine.
"What? You seem cold." he says with a smirk, I can tell because his face is on my shoulder.
"You know exactly what I mean." I shift closer to the wall and he moves off of me and lays next to me leaning on his arm, smiling at me.
"What's with the smile?"
"We are going to go play futbol with my mates at our hidden field in about 30 minutes, so get ready!" He says excitedly. Ugh but I suck at sports! I'm just the bookworm and Luke should have known by now!
Either way I get up and realize I have no pants on and put my jeans back on, his shirt still on. I look for my glasses and find them near his desk, by the Advil. I start to recall from last night as it comes back in flashes. I feel arms wrap around my waist and started swaying side to side, calming me down. I guess I was breathing hard and Luke heard me. We stand there for about five minutes when Luke pulls away to change into his work out clothes, a beanie with a tight workout shirt and shorts with running shoes. He looks deep into his beyond messy closet and grabs a soccer ball.
"You're not really going to play fifa looking like that right?"
"Obviously not dork, I need to stop by my house to change, duh." I say as he opens the door and heads into the hall as I follow. We find that the house is empty, Liz's car is gone and mine is still at the curb from yesterday. I see a yellow sticky note on the counter and read
'be back at around lunch -Mum x'
I just nod to myself and head to the door to find my shoes and keys, when Luke has his jacket and keys in hand as well.
"So drive separate then together or separate whole time?"
"Separate then together. I need to save my gas for this week."
"Alrighty, we'll be off now!"
---------------------------------------
I lock the door to my house and start walking to Lukes truck as I hear the little kids eruptions from the other houses and start running around like maniacs. Uh I do not like children, little beastly things. I get to the passenger side of the truck and open the door to hear blaring music of Good Charlotte being played. Luke is singing along until he finally turns and sees the door is open and I'm standing there laughing. His face turns light red and he turns it back down to a tolerable volume.
"Having fun?" I say laughing while he just pouts at me.
"Whatever lets go play fifa!" Luke turns and looks at me before driving off and his face goes red again. What, am I wearing something stupid?
"What? Do I look stupid?"
"N-no I promise but uh you look g-good." he's stuttering. I'll never understand this boy.
Luke P.O.V.
I can't help but to stare at how adorable she looks. She's wearing black running shorts and neon green and grey running shoes with a black short sleeve shirt. Her hair is in a ponytail with a head band, I never knew she had sports wear she doesn't really look like a sporty person but yet she looks good in it. I finally divert my eyes to the front and start up my truck and drive off to the field. Cal, Mikey, and Ash are going to be there and since Alex hasn't met Ash, this will be a great way to introduce her. I hope he likes her since he's like my older brother, a dad to me even. I don't see why he wouldn't like her, wait now I'm sounding as if we're dating. What is going on with me!