
(Dun dun duuuuuun! So how's it going? So hopefully this goes well! Happy Reading! Again sorry about not updating on Thursday please don't hate me!)
Luke P.O.V.
I can't believe I just bet on Alex with Ash. I never really did bets like that unless it were drive each others trucks or to have a go at each other with the ball. This is different, it's Alex. I start to walk to the log over by the tree line where all our stuff is for my water bottle when I see Alex and Ash talking and laughing. He's standing close to her, too close. Wait, why do I care? She isn't my girlfriend and I'm pretty sure she doesn't want to be. I told her my condition and so she probably is only hanging out with me for pity. But I like being around her, she makes me feel happy and gives me butterflies.
"Oi Luke! Care to join or are you just gonna stand and watch us like Cal?" Mikey shouts at me. He's always the loud one and it's funny when he gets excited. Cal just laughs at me and I throw chunk of grass at him.
"Be there in a sec!" I take a gulp of my water and set it back down and start jogging back to the boys and Alex. I have to win, even though Calum isn't with me to win this game I think I can still beat him.
-------------
"4-3 Lukey! 5 points is match!" Dammit I'm one behind! How are Ash and Mikey doing this good? I guess Alex is just running low on energy, but she doesn't even look it.
Mike punts the ball toward Alex and she goes for it and head butts it towards their end of the field. I sprint to cover her and of course Ash is blocking me.
"Hey mate, ready to lose?"
"You're being an asshole about a dinner date, what are you playing at?"
"Nothing, just a game of futbol." he smirks and in the corner of my eye I see Alex trying to pass me the ball. She kicks and I run for it, actually receive it and run towards the logs. Ash still right behind me trying to trip when he kicks it and it goes further. I trip and fall onto the ground, and I see Ash run off with the ball. Mikey is blocking Alex pretty well and it makes me angry so I take off after Ash, but not fast enough. I slow down to a complete stop to see the ball disappear into the bushes. Goal. Match point. Game. Over.
"That's point mate, a deals a deal." I seriously want to punch him for this.
"Wait, what deal?" I think Alex heard that one. I am officially going to die.
"Uh Ash and I made a bet, on you. I didn't agree with it but-"
"You did WHAT?!" I'm only 5 feet away and she's screaming at me full force.
"Yeah it's my fault but I only wanted to take you to dinner." Ash must really be bipolar or something. He's all serious one minute and wanting to poke my buttons and the next he's sorry.
"Then why didn't you ask me?" She's not yelling anymore, but for how long.
"Like you wouldn't have laughed in my face? Like you actually wouldn't mind going to dinner with me?" He sounds like his mind is blown.
"Why would I laugh? It's just dinner. I mean it's a meal and something to get me out of my house, so why not."
"Okay so 7 good for you? Like tonight and we could go to Nando's." I can't believe him.
"Sure, see you then. Luke close your mouth you'll catch flies." I didn't even realize my mouth was open. I feel my cheeks heat up and are probably pink. I'm stunned she didn't even freak out that much but I feel like she's hiding something, especially for how good she hides stuff.
Alex P.O.V.