
((So I made a new cover cos change is good! Also I almost have 1k reads!!!! So enjoy this hella long chapter and Happy Reading!))
Luke P.O.V.
Just as we walked in the bell rang for class to start, thank God. I really didn't want to tell Alex about Lisa, not yet.
"Now class lets get onto the risers!" I groan quietly to myself.
-------------------
"Very good boys and girls! I'll let you have the last 10 minutes of class." She announces to us. I'm practically dripping sweat for how many times we ran over the whole show and gasping for breath. Me and few other guys run out the door to the bathroom and fountains.
"Hey Luke wait up!" I hear Alex call for me as I run out of the door.
Alex P.O.V.
I called for Luke but he didn't look back. I just sit back down on the risers and pull out my phone and scroll through Instagram until I feel someone tap my shoulder.
"Hey, you okay?" Trisha asks me looking down at me. She sits down next to me and I force a smile so she won't worry.
"Yeah I'm fine just bored and tired." She just nods and smiles.
"So am I still riding with you to your house?"
"Yep! I'm really excited, I haven't been to a sleepover in forever!" We continue to talk and laugh until Luke escapes my mind.
The bell rings and we all pour out of the door into the halls. Trisha and I walk and talk until we get to the main doors and I see Luke talking to Calum. I just shrug off the thought that Luke is ignoring me and just walk with Trisha, passing Luke and Cal.
"So where did you park?" Trisha asks me, I immediately remember that I parked next to Luke.
"Uh in the back sorta just follow me, it's not far. " I didn't think I said it all awkward so I just played it off. We walked talking and laughing to my car until we got to it and I hear laughing from behind. I turn around while opening the door and see Luke stop and look at me. I just smile politely and get in, turning the car on.
"You okay? You seem off." Trisha snaps me out of my thoughts.
"Oh uh yeah sorta I'll explain later, but off we go!" And like that I backed out of my spot and saw Luke smile and wave at me. I could literally hear my heart crack a little. But I don't know why I'm acting like this, we aren't dating and I highly doubt he likes me. I mean, he knows about the anxiety and my eating habits so why would he like someone like me? I focus back onto driving and turn on the aux to my car. Trisha scrolls through my music and finds One Directions newest album FOUR and Steal My Girl plays. We jam out and sing along badly as I drive back to my house.
I pull into my driveway and turn the car off and get out.
"Wooooow your house is nice!" Trisha sounds like it's a castle it's kind of funny.
"Yeah I really like it and I have a pool in the back so in the summer we can swim!" I look over to see her face in awe. We laugh and walk up to the door and I unlock it.
------------------
"Okay so what all are we doing tonight?" I ask while driving through Trisha's neighborhood.
"I honestly don't know, oh it's this house here, but we can go out and go bowling or something maybe a movie?" She lists off other things as I pull next to her house. It's a nice little one story with white shutters and flowers everywhere. We get out of the car and head up to her house to see Judy talking to an older lady that's taller than us all with black hair and tan.