
I text Luke telling him I'll be home alone for a while and check the time. 6:12 pm already?! I need to get ready super fast, Luke is coming to get me at around 6:45 since the house isn't that far from where I live apparently. I run to my bathroom and decide to curl my hair in loose curls and spray a thin layer of hairspray to hold and give it some texture. Perfect! Now my makeup, fun part. I wash my face and moisturize, then put on some concealer under eyes and powder to make it even. Next eye shadow! I pull out my Naked 3 palette and do something that will brighten my eyes, so I go with pinky rosy tones and some shimmer. Now mascara and done! I check the time, 6:30 pm. I hear my phone buzz, it's Luke.
Luke: Hey I'm leaving a bit and I know how you take forever so hurry up.
Me: Okay asshole calm down I just need to pick out something to wear.
Luke: Oh god you'll be forever then! lol do you need help? I'm leaving to help you see ya in a bit.
Crap he's coming early! Dammit Luke why do you have to be so stubborn? Either way I run to my closet and ponder on whether a dress or pants. Pants it is! Cool now where are my leather pants? I finally find them when I hear a knock on my bedroom door. Luke?
"Hey you ready yet? I let myself in since your parents aren't home hope that's okay?" dammit Luke!
"uh, don't come in yet! I have to find my shirt!" I have no idea what shirt to wear.
"I'll help! Coming in!" Fuck Luke what the hell?!
As Luke steps in my room I hide behind my closet doors and find my old crop top t-shirt and throw it on.
"What the hell Hemmings?! I don't have a shirt on!" idiot.
"Oh my bad! Where are you?"
"In my closet hold on I found a shirt." I step out and he laughs at me. Asshole. I hit his arm and he pokes my cheek and makes me giggle somewhat. He moves to my closet and starts looking through my clothes, for a shirt I guess. He pulls out a ruffle top with a V neck and 2 inch straps that's black with floral all over it. He shows it to me and I judge it, hard. I sigh and Luke rolls his eyes and tosses it to me. I go to my bathroom and put it on and walk back to Luke.
"Y-you look really g-good in that shirt A-Alex." he is blushing at me, scanning me up and down.
"Great now shoes! What's the time?"
"uh oh its 6:41."
"Crap! okay heels or boots? Luke?" He was still staring at me and it really didnt help my case. He finally snaps out of it and walks over and scans my shelf or shoes picking apair of black heels with red backs. My favorite heels ever! I try them on and they fit perfect still and I strut a little and look in my mirror and look at myself. My hair is bright red and looks great, makeup looks good and my outfit is good! It's kinda cold so I walk over to my closet for my leather jacket and look again in the mirror to see the side view, and I look like a party go-er. I grab my perfume and sprits some on and grab my phone to see Luke STILL staring at me. Weirdo what has gotten into him? He snaps out of it and starts walking with me out the door and down the staricase then out the front door. We get in the car and Luke starts it up and I look at Luke to see him fix his hair.
"Ready?" Luke asks.
"Ready as I'll ever be. Lets go." and like that we were off to the party.