
Alex P.O.V.
I can feel my head spinning, head throbbing and my lower back has daggers. I can hear my heart in my ears as I crumble into a ball onto the floor. Luke screams my name and picks me up bridal style while yelling for the boys to get in the car and drive us to the hospital.
I'm barely conscious and everything is a blur. I can feel my spine aching in pain, like someone is chopping it up like vegetables. One by one. All I can do is try not to fall asleep.
Luke climbs into the car while holding me and Calum closes the door and gets in the back with us, holding my legs. Ashton is driving and Michael is calling the hospital, saying we're on the way. I try not to cry but it just comes out any way. It hurts so much that I want to scream, but I dont want to hurt Luke anymore than I already am. I can barely see him looking down at me, craddling me and crying. Saying it'll be okay, that he loves me. I just stare at him trying to muster the strength to say 'I love you too' but nothing comes out but a shriek of pain.

The drive literally felt like hours, even though it was probably minutes. Luke constantly saying it'll be fine and we're almost there. Then I hear Luke scream at Ashton to park under the awning by the door. I feel a pair of hands grab my shoulders and place me on a hard but soft table. Then Luke holds my hand and squeezes, i squeeze back telling him I'm okay. I'll always be okay.

Next thing I know I'm being carted down hallway after hallway with bright white lights, blindingly scary. Hospital. The literal last place I want to be right now. I hear doors opening and closing as I pass through entry ways, Luke still holding my hand. I almost didn't feel the pain until I saw the doctors holding off Luke, saying he cant go any further. I feel my heart shrinking knowing he wont be here to comfort me, I'll be alone.

I look over to see several surgeons in scrubs with needles in hand, IVs being put in my arm and checking my eyes to see if I'm in shock. Then I'm placed onto another bed, lifted by five doctors, and I can hear a machine beeping along to my heart. The deafening sound of my heart race and slow, that sound of life and death. It drives me insane, I hate it.

Then they place a mask on my face, I breathe in and count to three until everything fades to black.

Hey guys! So yes I have a cliffhanger but its good I promise! Happy Reading!