
Monday somehow came by and thus the most horrible place, my personal hell; school. I'm just a junior in high school and almost done, but why now? "Why me?" I mumble as the bus comes to a stop.Don't get me wrong I've always wanted to go to Australia but I didn't think this soon. I get off the bus and walk towards the main office."Maybe I'll go through the band room." I think to myself. I see some seniors cat-call some freshman girls and immediately start to walk faster. I knew exactly who it was; Mathew. Asshole. Just because you're on defense on first string on the football team, doesn't mean you're a hot shot you man-whore. Now that move to Australia isn't sounding that bad. I finally get to the band room and see my choir director Ms. Smith. Crap I forgot about show choir! That means I'll miss my favorite competition in Nashville! But not the horrendous dresses, they could burn them for all I care. "Ms. Smith? I need to tell you something very important." I ask. "Yes Alex? Anything!" She replies. "I am so terribly sorry to say that I'm moving, to Australia in about a month. So I'll miss show choir season completely.""WHAT?! But I need you to do the solo in the ballad!""I know but it's my dad's saying, not mine.""Well I'll tell administration for you during 1st block. but I still want you to practice with us until you leave!" "Yes ma'am I'll be happy to."I walk towards the lunch room to eat, I totally forgot to eat breakfast I'm so hungry! I'm greeted by Sarah my bestest friend ever. OH MY GOSH IM LEAVING SARAH!!! No no no no no this can't be happening!"Why me?!" I say loud enough for her and some others to hear. "What? You look stressed out, are you okay?" "No and please don't kill me!" "Why???""I'm moving." I mumble out. "EXCISE YOU!! YOU ARE NOT ALOUD TO LEAVE ME EVER!" She shouts. Crap now people are staring. I can feel my face heat up from my anxiety. Ugh can I please be normal! "Sarah, calm the fuck down!""Okay, but I need food like now." oh yeah that's why I walked to the lunch room. We grab some pancakes and juice and sit in our usual seats. I might actually miss this place, well the people that care not the place. We dig in and I actually feel full for once eating this stuff. Probably plastic? The bell rings and I immediately sigh thinking I'm going to die. First block is algebra 2 w/ trig, ugh! I think I have a sub today though! "Crap I forgot to do my homework!" Sarah exclaims."Wait we had homework?!" I retort. "Shit man!""I think we have a sub though. So do it in class." 3 flights of stairs later I'm in math and notice an old man with a veterans cap on sitting in the teachers chair to the left of the class. Same boring white walls, same boring blue chairs and cream desks. Brick by boring brick by Paramore starts playing in my head and I grin. I sit down and start doing my homework as the sub puts a butterscotch on my desk."Thank you for your service and the candy!" I say to him. He was taken aback at first but then smiled and said welcome. I have such a respect for those in the military and I love hearing some of the stories.The class goes by pretty quick along with the rest of the day. Lunch was a blur and choir is 4th block. I walk in to see Henry and Jacob Andrews practicing for the Alice In Wonderland play as the twins, since they are twins they got the parts. To my left I heard Ms. Smith clap her hands and begin to walk to the piano for warm ups. Ugh I hate warm ups! Afterwards we moved to the risers and ran through the songs standing, then got in place for dancing. We practiced my solo with the boys accompanying me and it was badass! If I was in costume it would be perfect! "Alright take 5 and we will run through the whole show twice then stop for the day! Also announcement!" I knew exactly where this was going. "Alex is moving to Australia soon so she will not be singing the solo sadly. I need her understudy! Michaela!? Come practice the solo with me and Jacob!" She announces. She was a senior and pretty nice to me I guess, but gorgeous and her boyfriend was the quarter back, go figure.We ran through the show once and I started to sweat a little and Sarah was still going on strong and had the highest voice for a soprano. How does she do it? I was an alto so me and Sarah would always harmonize together and that's how we became closer friends.We finish everything and relax for the last 10 minutes of class. I think in the back of my mind that I'll never get to show anyone my amazing skills in choir to the competitors. Shame. "Why me?" I mutter.