
Luke P.O.V.
Shit mum is going to chew my arse out. Hopefully not while Alex is here but knowing her, she will do anything to embarrass me.
"So do tell me why you were at a party? Tea Alex?" She asks whilst pouring Alex some tea.
"Well it was my fault but Alex was having a bad day and so I wanted to make her feel better so I-"
"So you took her to a party?!"
"Uh yeah and then something bad happened BUT I took care of it."
I couldn't tell her what actually happened. Not now, not ever. Alex would probably hate me.
"Anyway mum, we got home late and her parents are out of town for a week so she was going to be alone. So I spent the night at her house PLEASE DONT YELL!"
I waited for her to finish her tea and start screaming, but she just nodded and smiled at Alex.
"I'm not going to yell but please tell me next time. I already know Alex but please don't do anything bad okay?"
"Yes mum. So I'll be taking Alex home and hopefully stay a little, that cool?"
"I guess. Just don't spend the night again and not tell me. Run along children."
Thank God she didn't freak out. But Alex has been completely silent so I'm wondering what's going on in her mind.
-----------------
I pull into her driveway and get out with her. She unlocks the door and let's me in, and I head to the couch.
"So you were silent the whole time, you okay?"
She is still quiet, I'm starting to get worried now.
"Alex? Please tell me what's wrong."
"Oh uh sorry I'm just uh, thinking. That's all."
Lie. I know her.
"Lies. Tell me Alex please? Don't make me pick you up and run around."
"No please don't. I just am uh, recalling from last night. Like the party and what happened with Sarah. It just is, starting to hit me hard."
I feel bad for her. She doesn't deserve this, she never did. For fucks sake she just moved here and she already was attacked sexually. Guilt is creeping into my mind and I start to feel a heavy weight on me. I look at Alex and see she looks like she might cry, so I walk up to her and hug her.
"I'm sorry. We can just sit on the couch and do nothing if you want. Or I can leave and you have some peace and quiet. Whatever you want."
She looks up a me and smiles through the pain. It takes true courage and will power to smile and pretend like nothing has happened through all that has happened.
"If you don't mind but I would like some time alone. Sorry but I need to gather my thoughts a little."
"It's completely okay, text me when you feel okay and if you want a home cooked meal you can come over without asking, okay?"
She nods and I hug her once more and head towards the door, but turn around and smile and wave goodbye. Please be alright in that mind of yours Alex, please.
Alex P.O.V.
As Luke left, I made sure he pulled out of my driveway until I ran upstairs and put on my sweatpants and took out my contacts. I throw on my glasses and head back downstairs and go to the kitchen to take some Advil and a glass of water. My head is killing me from the flashbacks of the party. From Sarah to Elizabeth to Andrew. I feel my chest burning and tightening. I feel the need to cry, but I don't. I can't and I won't. I don't understand why of all times I want to cry. Either way I refill my glass with water and ice and head back to the couch. I pick up the Wii remote and then the remote to turn on the tv to change channels. I get to the Wii Home page and click Netflix. My love, my life. I scroll down to my list and decide on watching Doctor Who. I already finished watching the classics so I'm at the 10th doctor with Donna Noble as the companion.