
"I hate him I really hate him. I just might kill him!"
Luke continues to rant and pace back and forth in my bedroom as I sit on my bed. He hasn't stopped talking about it since he and the other boys brought me back home. I kept replaying it over and over in my head of what happened, I could still feel Andrews touch all over me tingling even. I shiver from the memories and Calum sees me, then comes and brings me another blanket. This is my third one already, but I'm not cold I'm only remembering. Michael is sitting in my computer chair spinning around a little but mostly looking at Luke as he huffs and paces back and forth. I only stare at the floor as if in shame from what I did, but I didn't do anything though. I can't help but feel that way and want to cry, but not now. I can feel it burning behind my eyes as it pushes further to the corner oft eyes. I bit my tongue to the point of bleeding to focus on something else but crying, but of course that doesn't help. Just as I look up to Luke looking at me, one single tear falls.
"I'm so-" I try to form a sentence but I fall apart right then and there in front of them. I sob hard and slid down to the floor and sit with my knees to my chest, hugging them and wanting no one to see me. I'm trying so hard to to have a panic attack but I can feel it. I hate when I have one in public because then they stare and make me feel even worse.
"Alex please don't cry, it wasn't your fault. Please." Michael tries to comfort me but he doesn't know how, obviously. I feel arms around me and I know exactly who it is; Luke.
"Hey, talk to me." his words are soft and gentle but I stay silent.
"Please? I need you to talk to me."
"You saw what happened, so there." I say shakily, barely audible.
"That's not what I wanted to hear and you know it." I look up and see his deep sea blue eyes and get lost. I always did and I loved them, how blue they were and bright and they calmed me down just a little but I get angry and I don't know why, I just don't want to have it here with them watching.
"I can't do this, not now." I had enough and got up and ran to my bathroom and locked the door. I needed my own privacy to cry but I could feel the pain in my chest coming back, no please no. Luke obviously followed and slammed into the door banging on it to let him in.
"LET ME IN ALEX!"
"No Luke." I've had enough and started crying, hard way too hard.
"Alex please let me in, I can help."
"......no, because no one can help me with this." I hear something click by the door.
The door opens with Luke holding a key and Calum and Michael standing behind him worried. Dammit mother.
"I'll understand, trust me and I'll help you."