
"Hey mom we're back! Hey Judy when did you get here?"
"Like just now since I just have to walk a little." Judy and Trisha walk over to the living room leaving me behind, kinda rude but whatever.
"Hi I'm Trisha's mother, Stacy. And you must be Alex?" She asks me with a toothy smile. She seems really nice.
"Yes ma'am nice to meet you."
She pulls me in for a hug and walks me over to the living room and scolds them both for leaving me. I chuckle a little then we all burst out laughing after apologizing. Trisha gets up and Judy and I follow her to the other side of the house to her room. It's plain cream with posters of Paris and Audrey Hepburn and Marylyn Monroe on the walls. Her bed has little lights on them and has demask covers in black and white. She must be a girly girl I think to myself. Judy takes her bag and sets it near the bed, as do I.
"So let's make a game plan?" Judy speaks up. I nod and we sit on the floor and throw out ideas of what to do since it's only 4:00.
Luke P.O.V.
I drive home thinking about Alex and Lisa. God it hurts, I can feel the pit in my stomach grow and deteriorate my stomach. I had lunch but it was small. Cal and Mikey asked me after Alex left if I wanted to go bowling or something but I said no. I just need to be alone and think, forever. Well you know what I mean but still. I don't see why Lisa keeps coming up but it won't go away.
**Flashback**
I can't breathe. I can't see clearly. I can't hear right. I can't move either. All I hear is screaming and crying, oh yeah it's me. I remembered that I was in the corner of the basement screaming and crying. It's Lisa. I look up to see the paramedics zip up the black bag and carry it out up the stairs and out the door. I cry harder and harder. I see the dark red stain cover most of the carpet near me. I scan the room once more before every thing goes black, I see the knife. I wake up to being in the hospital cuffed to a bed. I look over to see my mum crying with Lisa's mum. Then I notice the doctors wheeling a gurney down the hall, with a white blanket over the body. Lisa, I'm sorry. He made me do it. He said if I don't break your heart, you'll die. But he lied to me. He didn't say that he would kill you either way. I'm sorry Lisa. But I'm glad he's gone. I never did like him as my dad anyway.
Alex P.O.V.
"Okay I pick Pretty In Pink!" I say as we scroll through Netflix. Trisha stops to see our three choices side by side. Pretty In Pink, Breakfast Club, and Dirty Dancing is what we narrowed it down to.
"Okay how about all three! We have time!" Judy says. We all nod and agree and press play to my favorite of all time; Pretty In Pink.
--------------
We finally finished the movies and had two large pizzas at our disposal in Trisha's room as we scrolled through celebrities Instagrams.
"Any of you know Dylan O'Brien?" Judy asks.
"Oh my god yes!" Trisha says and I just nod, eating my Hawaiian pizza slice.
"Okay good because he is fine like oh my God so fine." I laugh and scroll through until I get a text.
"Who's texting you Alex?" Trisha asks and Judy nods.
"It's Luke. He hasn't talked to me much but it's whatever. "
"Nuh uh spill it girl!" Judy says almost spilling her Fanta.