
"Then give me 20 bucks!" I see her white smile and brown hair flowing through the wind. God she's so beautiful. I think I'm starting to love her more and more it hurts.
"Fine then! Just help me down!" She shouts as I chuckle and grab the ladder and prop it up onto the side of my house and climb up to get her.
"What are you-LUKE!" I grab her and throw her over my shoulders and spin around a little. She's pounding her fists against my back but it does nothing to me. I set her down and she hits my chest, then my stomach growls. I feel the empty void consuming me and squeezing the life out of me.
"Luke? Have you eaten today?" She asks me as we walk down the ladder.
"Honestly, yes. But it came back up and it's pointless to even try anymore." I see her eyes water and-
"Oi Luke! You coming mate?" Cal asks me snapping me out of my thoughts. I nod and run to catch up to him as we walk to English. Just get through the day I tell myself as we walk into the classroom.
--------------------------
Alex P.O.V.
I am currently sitting through History and I'm of course lost because world history was in 9th grade and I'm in 11th. But I suffer through it and someone tossed a note on my desk, I look over to see who threw it and see Trisha. I open the note and read
Hey wanna sleepover after school today with Judy and me? Here's my number so we can text and stuff btw I forgot to give it to you on Friday oops!lol
I write back: Sure! Your parents okay with it? and here's mine!
As I pass it back I make sure the teacher isn't looking and toss it onto her desk. We exchange the note multiple times holding crazy conversations until the bell rings.
"Hey so I'll ride home with you if that's cool and then drive to my house." Trisha asks. I nod and she pulls her phone out and texts her dad explaining it all.
"Okay he will order us pizza and we have Netflix to watch movies! I'm so excited! I'll text Judy in second period too. I'll see you later!" I wave and walk to my math class. Math. Luke. I need to know if he's okay.
----------------
I walk in to see a sub, not Liz. Is she sick? I'll ask Luke later. I walk through the groups of people around my desk and find mine behind Luke and in front of Calums.
"Hey ginger whats shaking?"
"Cal, you're not in the 50's. But I'm pretty good and I'm spending the night at Trisha's!" I sounded more excited then I expected and I see Luke turn around and join in our conversation. He still looks tired or sad but I don't want to ask, maybe lunch? Either way all conversations were stopped by the bell and class was in session.
"Alright all I have are worksheets of things from Friday. So pair up and get it done. Questions?" This sub sucked but I'd rather get it done and talk to Luke than have an actual lesson. Luke turns around and smiles super wide at me as I chuckle at him.
"Hey partner!" how did I know?
We move our desks together and get to work, I never knew Luke was good at math! He's better than me, and I've been meaning to get a tutor but I still have good enough grades to not need one. We fly through the worksheet and still have random conversations to have 5 minutes left in class.
"So that's all, right?" I ask making sure the sub didn't give us extra.