
Alex P.O.V.
"Okay mom I'll see you when you get back!" I say to her as she walks out the door. Yep, that's right. She's going on another business trip. But she won't be gone for long this time, only three days. Dad still hasn't come back but he will in two days because something with the client didn't work out right. But he's okay and makes sure to check up on me and mom as much as possible.
Its now June and school has been over with for about two weeks, so finals are over! Luke was so worried about me but I got all A's on my finals. Luke did really well too, he got A's and one B but that was in English so its understandable. Now I'm home alone in my pj's and a hoodie about to make a cup of coffee, when i hear my phone ring upstairs. I groan and mumble a few words under my breath as I walk upstairs into my room to see the caller id is Michael.
I pick it up immediayley since he never calls me.
"Hey Mikey whats up?" I can hear panting in the background and sniffling. Is he crying?
"Uh Alex we-I mean I-need you to come to Lukes house like now. He's not looking too good." Then I hear Calum in the background shout something.
"Mike what happened? I'll be there in five minutes." I hang up not even caring that he was trying to tell me the situation. I run to my bathroom and brush my teeth and throw my hair in a messy bun, then back to my room to find some decent clothes. I find a pair of dark colored shorts and switch my hoodie for my Jack Daniels shirt and grab my car keys. As I almost fall down the stairs, I get to the door and find my Doc Martins and throw them on and run to my car.
*at Lukes house*
I park the car at the curb and run to the door, not even knocking and run to the living room. I stop dead in my tracks as I see all four boys on the couch with game controllers and screaming. I look over at Luke and he doesn't notice me at first but he looks fine, not hurt or anything. I can feel the anger bubble inside as I look at Michael laughing and yelling at Calum for taking the lead in Mario Kart.
"What the actual FUCK!?" I practically scream at them and they all stop and look horrified at me, except Micheal.
"Hey don't swear!" Ashton yells and I stare daggers at him, making him look down.
"Michael Gordon Clifford and Lucas Robert Hemmings, explain yourselves. Now." I am beyond mad that he made me think something bad happened, is it 'give Alex a heart attack' day?!
They both look at me with sad eyes, the really sad eyes to make me feel guilty. I just shake my head and walk to the kitchen for a snack. I walk over to the fridge and bend down to look in when I feel someone grab my butt.
"Sorry, you have a nice ass babe." I hear Luke say behind me. I stand straight and turn to look at him.
"Oh really? Well you're on probation for making me worry like that." Lukes face is priceless. His mouth is a gap and has a 'are you kidding me' look.
"Okay okay yes we messed with you but we just were having harmless fun. I'm sorry." I look into his eyes and see he really didnt mean any harm.
"Okay, I forgive you noodle."
"Stop calling me a noddle!" I laugh at him as the phone rings in the background. Luke just shakes his head and laughs while picking up the phone.
He answers and moves to the other side of the kitchen, leaning on the bar. I can't hear the person speaking but Luke looks excited or nervous, I can't tell. Then all of a sudden he starts jumping up and down with excitement and is screaming for the guys to come in the kitchen with us. He hangs up to phone and everyone is frantic, scattered words and shouts of 'what?' is thrown against the walls.