
Today was the day, first day being at a new school. I woke up at 6:02 am and rolled out of bed, literally. I layed out my uniform and went to go brush my teeth and wash my face. I turned on Pandora and listened to Dear Maria by All Time Low while straightening my gingery hair. That took longer than normal because it had to be done in layers for my thick ass hair. Some days I just want to shave it off but not at the same time. It was 6:45 now and I had to leave by 7:00 to make it there to get my schedule and a good parking spot. I started on my make up by using my Naked 3 palette for my bright green eyes. Pink and rosy colors made me eyes pop so that's why I have this. Then applied my favorite mascara by Two-Faced and put my head band in. Bam simple but effective. I actually look decent today! 6:50 read on my phone, time to get dressed. I slip of my pj pants and shirt to put on my bra and then my white button up. Then my skirt so I could tuck in the bottom and then my stripped tie and royal blue blazer. "Where are my socks? I thought I had them layers out. MOM?!" I yell for her. "Yeah?""Where are my socks?" I ask. "In the dryer still, you left them there last night." Good job Alex. I quickly run downstairs to grab them and put them on. Next my ugly shoes that were so comfortable though. I ran back upstairs to look and make sure I look okay, and I do. Only problem is the cream plaid skirt. I do the bend-over test and all is well. I grab my keys, phone, and bag and head out to my car.I pull into a parking spot and turn the car off. I take a deep breath and close my eyes rinding myself to not talk or look anyone in the eyes. I get out and start heading to the main entrance and hopefully the office. I'm inside and it's crowded a little for t being 7:13. How many students go here anyway? I make my way to the door that says "headmaster" and knock. "Come in!" A lady says. She sounds nice. I walk in and see the lady sitting at her desk writing on papers and eating a banana. "Hi I'm the new kid, Alex Holland." I hope she doesn't ask the question. "Oh! Are you from Holland?" She asked the question. "No ma'am it's just my name. I've never been before." "Oh. I'm so sorry about that please forgive me." Wow she is manner full. "Let's see, ah yes Alex from America! I hope that you will get used to our school and have a great time here! Judy! Come show this girl around please?" At first I'm confused but then to my left a girl my height but a little bigger than me walks in. She is gorgeous! She could be in Americas Next Top Model if she wanted to! "Yes ma'am?" She has a nice voice, not to high pitched or low like a guys. "I need you to welcome Alex here and show her around and take her to her classes. Is that okay?" "Oh yes of course! Let me see her schedule please madam?" Madam? She has an accent but not French. Or does she take French? I used to but long ago in freshman year. Judy and I talked a bit like the normal where you from what's your name kinda stuff and she showed me the library and gym and lunch room also the courtyard and garden. The bell rang at 7:30 to go to class so she showed me my classes and believe it or not we have 1st period together! It's study hall so we sit in the library and talked some more. "So what do you think of Australia so far?" She asked in a whisper. "I like it but it's so different from America. It's going to be hard getting used to and knowing some of the places." We continue to talk and twice we were hushed from laughing at each other's bad puns. I love puns so much! Sarah and I had the best puns ever! I think I'll skype her today after school. The bell rings for 2nd period out of 4 and Judy takes me to my next class, Math. Ugh I hate it so much! I was in the middle of Algebra 2 w/ Trig so this should be interesting. We get there and outside the door is a teacher, she seems busy though I don't want to interrupt her. "Mrs. Hemmings? Ma'am? LIZ!" She finally gets her attention. What the hell is she doing talking like that to a teacher?! "Oh sorry I was discussing geometry with a student, sorry. What is it?" "This is your new student, Alex Holland! She's from America!" Judy introduces me. "Oh yes! I've heard that I would have a new student! I'm so glad to have you! I hope you like maths.""It's actually my least favorite subject, sorry I'm a literature/english person." Crap now she will hate me, why me?