
(Here's your double update! Again I'm sorry but #SB2k15 was underway. Happy Reading!)
Alex P.O.V.
I just stood there, like a deer in the headlights, staring toward the origin of the doorbell. It went off again, reverberating through my skull and finally snapping me out of my thoughts and I started my way down the stairs to the front door. I halted and took a deep breath before opening the door, hoping I dont look stupid. I grab the door handle and turn it with anticipation to see a tall dirty blonde boy with flowers in a suit and tie.
"Hiya." He says with his dorky smile and hands me the flowers.
"Ash you didnt have to, thank you." He just smiles and holds out his hand to guide me to his car. I lock the door behind me and walk with Ashton as he opens the door for me. He runs to the other side and gets in and starts the engine and drives off out of my neighboorhood. No turning back now I guess?
The ride was somewhat quiet except for the radio playing in the background. Yes it's awkward but Ashton will occasionally sing along to a song he knows or beat on the sterring wheel like a drum.
"Do you play drums?" I randomly feel confident in asking questions.
"I actually do! It's obvious isnt it?"
"Somewhat." we both have a laugh and I turn to look out the window and see the beautiful lights of Sydney and the pier.
"Wow it's so beautiful."
"Not as beautiful as you." I turn to look at Ash in shock and he just keeps his eyes on the road and smiles. I just giggle and look back and see we are nearing our destination. I see the city lights grow and grow as we near the downtown area and see the sign on a building 'Nandos' and am in awe. It's huge! I suddely feel approprietly dressed for how big and formal it looks. I scan the parking lot and see many people in gorgous dresses and tuxedos. Wait is tonight some 'come as fancy as possibe night' because there is a large crowd. Crowd. That word sent me red flags in my mind and I start to feel panicky. Breathe, just breathe Alex. We pull into a spot and Ashton runs around and opens the door for me.
"Thank you kind sir." He just giggles like a little girl and it makes me laugh. I never notice how contagious Ashtons laughs are.
"Oh I forgot to mention its Dress Up Night tonight."
"Really? I never noticed." obviously sarcastic.
"Okay miss sassy pants lets go."
He links arms with me and we walk up to the doors and see a line of people in waiting, ugh just great an hour long wait. I feel Ashton slide for my hand and tug me towards the front and pass all the people in waiting.
"Ash we cant just cut people!" what the actual f*ck is going on here!
"Just wait okay I have this under control." you'll never know how scared I was when I heard those words. As we moved farther up, everyone stared and pointed and sneered. Just what I needed to feel even more insecure of myself. I could even feel the tightening in my chest growing. Please not now! We finally make it to a clearing where the hostess was standing.
"Hi welcome to Nandos! Do you have a reservation?" She is too perky for a crazy packed restaurant.
"Indeed we do. Table for 2 under Irwin." oooooh this makes a lot more sense now, wow I'm special.
"Right this way Mr. Irwin." and like that we were off to our seats, weaving through all the tables and people and up a staircase. We come to a table by a window looking out at the pier and opera house.
"This is amazing wow thank you Ash."