
Luke P.O.V.
I just opened up to her and spilled my guts. Not literally obviously but I told her everything. She just sat there in front of me, starring at me and listening with occasional nods.
"And then one day I was in class and this girl walked in with red hair. I just couldn't take my eyes off of her because of how beautiful she was." She looks at me with confusion, then I see the light bulb turn on.
"As I got to know her more and more, I realize that she is the most kind, smart and funny person. She is always there for me and is understanding, she knows everything about me now and I am so scared of the answer to this question right now but I need to do this." She nods and I take a deep breath with my eyes closed. I feel her hand on mine and I look up to see her smile.
"And that question is?" I smile and nod, I try to scrounge up all the courage I have left.
"Okay. This is probably the stupidest question ever but, I like you Alex. So much and you make me so happy and I actually eat and hold it down. So I was wondering if uh, do you like me?" It went better in my head but none the less she smiles and her face turns red.
"Yes I do actually. I-I'm glad you told me about Lisa so I can help you and to know how to help you through the hard times and let you enjoy the good. Honestly, I'm glad I met you and Mikey, Cal and Ash. Along with Judy and Trisha because yall are my best friends and my only friends here. I never want to see you hurt or anything. So to answer your question, yes I do like you. I have for a while now and I'm too shy and awkward to do anything about it. My anxiety doesn't help either. But I want to ask you a question now." I'm sure I have the biggest smile on my face right now, but once she said those words the smile faded and I chewed on my lip ring in fear of what she might ask.
"O-okay yeah s-sure." That stupid stutter always gets to me when I'm the most scared. I brush my hair through my fingers, I always do that when I'm nervous. God what's gotten into me lately? Her faces turns even more red and she starts to breathe heavily.
"Okay uh w-why did you i-ignore me yesterday a-and you were all q-quiet. Was is about L-lisa?" She's so nervous and it's scaring me. I don't see why but I'm sure she has her reasons.
It was. She just got to me and it always takes a toll on me. After the funeral I went home with mum but then in the middle of the night I ran back and just cried my eyes out and woke up next to the grave. I did that for so long and then I stopped. Then the nightmares and random flashbacks came and it still hasn't stopped. But when I'm with Alex, I don't have a single thought about the incident.
"Yeah it was actually. She just comes back and it hurts so much. But when I'm with you, I don't feel depressed or anything. I just am happy and then you're happy so then everyone is happy! I need happy in my life again. I need you to make me happy. I need you Alex." And with that the bell rang to go to class.
"Can we finish this at my house after school? If not then I'll text or call of possible." I ask hoping that she will say yes to come over. Please Alex I can't be alone again with my thoughts.
"Of course I'll come over. If we need to we can do homework also." I nodded and smiled at her, beaming with happiness. I wrap my arms around her small waist and hug her tight, not wanting to let go. She nuzzles her face into my chest and sighs. I do to as we walk together into the building for class.
------------------
The whole day I'm thinking about Alex and what I'm going to say next. I never knew that this would happen to me, meet a girl who understands me more than Lisa. But no one can ever replace Lisa, not even Alex. Yeah that's harsh but true. She was more than a girlfriend to me, she was like a sibling and a best friend wrapped into herself. Then my psycho father murders her and traumatized me in the process. But now I'm here with Alex and my three best friends, happy and alive again. Metaphorically speaking.