
I finally finished crying after a few minutes and look at Luke with pleading eyes and all he does is smile sympathetically. I then see his facial expression change into a smirk and he chews on his lip ring. That was really attractive, wait what am I thinking!?
"I have the greatest idea ever! How about a party to cheer you up and forget what happened?" seriously?
"I don't know Luke, I'm not much of a party person."
"Oh come on it'll be fun! I'll be there and Calum, Michael!"
"I don't know, it's been a while since I've been to a party."
" It's at 7:00 so be there! If you don't then people will think you're a hermit."
"Ugh fine I'll go so stop your nagging! what should I wear? Who is the designated driver?!" I started to panic a little but Luke grabbed my hands and looked me dead in the eyes. I started to get butterflies in my stomach and I'm sure my face was getting red. Why? I'm never nervous with Luke, but why now?
"I'll pick you up and I guess you can but I'll try not to drink too much. But no promises." I didn't know Luke went to parties. He doesn't seem like the one to, he seems like a innocent little boy whose mother was watching over him. Guess not.
---------------------------------------
It was finally Friday and in my last class, show choir. My peace and serenity in one hour, and then there was Luke giddy as ever over the party. I don't see why he is so happy about a party, while I'm over here nervous and wanting to crawl in a hole and die from what happened yesterday with Sarah. I hang on and held back my emotions and just hid it under a smile pretty much and no one asked. Though Luke knew and would ask me if I was okay, I said I'm fine. The next 5 minutes of class was spent talking to Luke about what I should wear and what time he should pick me up etc. The bell rang to end class and school for the week. Finally! I grab my book bag and Luke is already waiting on me by the door to leave the classroom, wow he's fast. I start to turn around and I bump into a tall bulky guy and drop my phone. Crap I hope it's not broken.
"Hey I'm really sorry, let me get it for you." his voice deep and raspy from singing. His eyes meet mine and we just stare. His brown eyes are so mesmerizing and he is almost as tan as Calum. His jawline could cut glass and his hair is in a gelled way. He is very handsome and he smiles with his pearly white teeth.
"Sorry about that, here you go. By the way my name is Andrew. What's yours cutie?" I am going to pass out!
"Um, it's Alex. Thanks Andrew." God I'm so awkward!
"Haha you're so pretty! Has anyone ever told you that?"
"I have, plenty of times." Luke butts in. Oh yeah I forgot we are leaving. Oops.
"Oh I should probably go, I have to set up the party tonight, right Hemmings?" He is hosting the party? I guess he knows Luke is going to be there.
"Yeah and Alex here is coming too. Don't try anything Reese." So I'm guessing they know each other.
---------------------------------------
Home alone is always fun becasue I can sing out loud and feel no shame about it. I got a text! Hey people actually want to talk to me!
Mom: Hey sorry but I have to work late and won't be home until 9:00 and I have a business trip tomorrow. I'll be back in about a week so don't worry about me. Of course your father is away also for business. Love you! <3
Me: Okay love you and have fun! Don't work yourself to death please! <3