
A few weeks went by and I loved Sydney! I don't want to leave because 1. I'm making friends and 2. my best friend just keeps ignoring me. I haven't been able to get a hold of her lately. If I do talk to her she is always texting back 30 minutes later and only says at most 2 words. So what do I do? I call her after school on a Thursday. It rings a few times then she finally answers me.
"Hello? Alex is that you?" she sounds sleepy or drunk, I can never tell with her any more.
"Yeah Sarah it's me, um we need to talk."
"Okay yeah I have time! What about?" I stall at first but then take a deep breath and form my sentence.
"Whenever I text you, you never answer or if you do it's like an hour later. What's going on over there? Is everything okay?"
"Hey can I call you later this guy is coming over soon and I have to look good, okay?"
"No! I'm tired of you brushing me off! Why are you ignoring me!?" I was getting mad and my voice was raising as i kept her on the line. Good thing my parents were still at work.
"Dude chill! I've been really busy lately so that's why!"
"Yeah busy doing some random guy at your house all the time! I know you Sarah! Just tell me if you don't want to be my friend!"
"ALEX HOLLAND I DO NOT WANT YOU AS MY FRIEND! I am sick of you nagging me and annoying me with your calls and texts! Just leave me alone!" after that she hung up and texted me saying she is blocking my number. I just stood there looking at the wall in front of me and replayed what she said in my head. I lost the one person that kept me happy and who understood me, and now I have no one. I just slumped down onto the floor in a ball and cried. I didn't move until I heard the front door open and close. I got up and ran to my bathroom and cleaned my face a bit so I didn't show evidence of crying.
"Alex sweetie, you alright?" I ignored mom at first but I had to come out eventually.
"Yeah..." obviously not.
"Well Luke is here and I let him in so you two can talk and hang out. Okay?"
She walked away and I saw Luke come up the stairs in the corner of my eye and I wanted to crawl in a hole and die. I just didn't want Luke to see me like this, especially at my own house. Either way he smiled and I noticed something black on his bottom lip, a lip ring. How did I not notice this before?
"What are you staring at? Is there something on my face?" I completely zoned out and looked like a dork probably.
"Did you always have that lip ring?"
"Yeah, did you not see it before?" yep I'm a dork.
"no sorry I'm oblivious as ever."
I tried reading his face because he looked a little concerned and then he looks at my mom behind me then moves to my room. He's been to my house before so he knows where some rooms are. He sits down on my bed as I lay on the floor looking at the ceiling then closing my eyes. I heard Luke get up and felt him lay next to me. Silence was so comfortable and it was normal with us. I hear him sigh and can tell he has something to say, so I get up and close my bedroom door so my mom doesn't intrude. I lay back down in my spot and he turns on his side and is leaning on his side, his head propped up buy his hand.
"So what's up? your eyes are a little puffy so I'm guessing you were crying." God how did he know?
"What are you physic?"
"Tell me why. Now."
"Ugh Luke I really do not want to relive it." he wasn't budging, I could tell.