
"Well we brought your favorite food, Chinese from that take out place downtown." They know me so well I actually am hungry and want to eat.
"Alright I'll eat since you've twisted my arm." We all laugh and sit on my bed and distribute the food. They got my usual sweet and sour chicken with noodles and rice with egg rolls. God I think I just drooled a little.
--------------
"That was worth it. I feel a lot better now actually!" I say and they smile and ruffle my quiff. I didn't do my hair but it still makes me mad when they mess it up.
"So are you going to finally to talk to Alex or what?" Claim asks me catching me off guard.
"I mean she needs to know sooner or later." Michael butts in. I know I need to tell her but the hard part is how and when and what will the outcome be. Will she still hang out with me? Does she have the same feelings for me? I don't know until I ask. I just keep thinking over and over again until Michael and ash start shaking me snapping me out of my thoughts.
"Oh my God what?!" I shout and they just laugh at me.
"Nothing it's just, it's now 10:00 and we have school tomorrow. So sleep!" Mikey reminds us and I groan and lay my head in my hands. They all say goodbye and close my door, with the stupid light on! They always do that just to piss me off.
I walk to my bathroom to check and see my weight like the doctors tell me to do and see how I look. I look in the mirror and I don't look as pale and my hair just looks messy. I see that I don't look as sickly scrawny anymore. I look, normal. I walk to the scale and see I weigh 178 lbs, normal. I'm not crazy skinny or obese and I'm okay with that but I look in the corner of my eye and see the toilet and want to just dump it all out but I resist. I run back to my room and lock my door just in case and climb into bed. I look over to check my phone and set my alarm isn't the morning and start to scroll through my photos. I found one that I didn't know was in here and click it. It's one of me and Alex taking a selfie with us both making a face. I'm just smiling with my tongue out and Alex is just crossing her eyes. I giggle and set it as my lock screen and close my phone and turn over and fell into a deep sleep with a smile on my face thinking of her.
---------------------
Luke P.O.V.
I woke up to the terrible ringing off phone at 6:00. That's way to early for me. I roll out of bed and walk to the bathroom and seey hair is a complete mess and then take a shower. After about 10 minutes I get out and put a towel around my hips and get started on my hair. After trying to make my quiff for about 5 minutes I walk back into my room and get dressed then head to the kitchen and see mum leave the driveway. I go to the fridge and get out the Eggo waffles and pop then in the toaster and walk back to find my bag and tie. I found it in my couch? Okay not even going to ask about that one.
I'm driving really slow because I just remembered that I'll be telling Alex about everything. I pull into the parking lot and park in my usual spot next to Alex. She's actually here before me, sitting in her car in her phone and smiling. I get out walk over to her door and knock on the window as she jumps from being frightened. I laugh and open the door and help her out no words are said. I just let her follow me into my car and breathe faster and faster.
"Hey are you okay? I know you need to talk to me but if it's that sensitive then we-" I cut her off.
"No I need to tell you this. I just need to think of the words to start with. So bare with me." She nods and I turn to face her.
"Okay, it started on a weekend in May.." And I told her everything.