
{Hey guys! Sorry if the chapters seem like too detailed and short for one event, I'm still trying to work on the flow of things but I'll try and make them longer and have more stuff happening!}
Alex P.O.V.
I keep running, sprinting even, down the dark corridor and try to escape him. "Leave me alone!" I scream out over my shoulder towards him. "You whore! Get back here!" he screams back at me gaining speed. I trip and tumble into a pair of stairs. When did those get there? I run up them anyway and find myself in a room, a bedroom. I run to the window and try to pry it open but it wont budge. I hear the door slam and lock, looking behind me I see him; Andrew. He sprints towards me and pins me against the wall and suffocates me with his lips and grabs the waist band to my jeans. He rips them off and-
I jolt up gasping for air and hold my chest, feeling sweaty and panicked. Just a nightmare, it's just a nightmare Alex.
"Alex? You okay?" I can see worry in his eyes even this dark out.
"Yeah I uh, had a nightmare. About the party, sorta." my head hurts from it all.
"I'm sorry, come lay back down. Okay?" I look over Lukes shoulder and check the clock and see it's only 4:01 am.
"Yeah okay, sorry I woke you up with my stupid problems."
"No do not be sorry for something like that. Ever." I could hear his seriousness, his groggy voice from the tired washing over him. His hair matted and flat, but his blue eyes were glowing and captivating.
Luke P.O.V.
She is just sitting up, staring at me. Her eyes are so beautiful like this, the moonlight making her skin glow porcelin white. Wait, am I...falling for her? I can't, not after what happened. I promised I wouldn't fall for anyone again. But I kept looking into her bright green eyes and seeing them glow. I guess she is staring at me too. We do that a lot.
"Come lay back down, okay?" I ask her. She lays back down and snuggles close to me as I wrap my arm around her, her head on my chest. She's so warm and small. I check the clock before laying back down and read 4:02 am. I think I'll take her out for breakfast, that one diner has good food. But that's the diner, will they ask about her? I try not to worry as I fall back asleep with Alex in my arms.
I wake up to Alex shifting from the spot she was in to facing away from me. She still must be asleep, I check the time on my phone and read it already being 8:13 am. My stomach growls really loud and I sit still, wondering if Alex heard.
"Was that me or you?" she said quiet and groggily. Damn she heard me, well that's embarrassing.
"Yeah it was me, sorry I woke you up." I respond, scratching the back of my neck. She sits up and faces me with a sleepy smile.
"It's fine, I was somewhat still awake from the dream. But I am actually really hungry." She's so small compared to me it's cute.
"So, uh thanks for spending the night it really helped me sleep." Her cheeks start to blush a little.
"You are very welcome. And uh, I was wondering if uh, you wanted to go to breakfast with me? I know this little diner on the edge of town and I uh thought uh-"
"Yes Luke I'll get breakfast with you." She smiles and giggles. I hate it when I start to stutter.
"Okay. So uh we may have to stop by my house to get clothes for me. If that's okay with you?"
"Yeah that's fine. Ill just take a shower and put on some comfy clothes before we go. Okay?"