
I didn't think Luke would actually find the key, let alone want to stay and watch me crumble into pieces. He sits down beside me and holds me close to his shoulder and leans his head on mine. I lean on his shoulder and can feel the burning feeling from my tears and wipe my stained cheeks. I sniffle and I guess he heard me and pulled me close and hugged me tight, so I turned and hugged him as my face is in the crook of his neck. I start to cry again and this time I feel safe in Lukes arms. I feel safe.
"I'm sorry that you feel like that but, I'm here for you. If you want...." he trails off.
"No I'm sorry that one I just ruined your shirt and two that I stormed out and became a total wreck. God I'm so complicated."
"No don't be sorry! You've had a very eventful night so you have the right to storm out. Okay? Just let me help you Alex."
"Hey Luke mate? Um I really hate to leave at a time like this but we have to leave, sorry mate." Michael and Calum were in the door waystanding and looking at me with sorrow. Luke looks at them and nods. I just sit here and lean on Luke in silence until I hear the front door open and close. Luke and I sit in the same spot and just enjoy each others silence. It was a comforting silence but he shifts a little and I stand up and grab his hand, leading him to my room to lay one the floor instead of the hard bathroom tiles. When I turn around to sit and lay down on the floor, Luke hugs me tightly and we sway side to side, rubbing circles on my back. I start to feel really tired and check the clock on my wall, 1:37 am.
"Hey its really late, you need sleep, I'll let myself out." Luke says softly.
"No please stay, please Luke? If not it's totally fine but I'll be home alone for a while since my parents are on trips. I was wondering if you'd stay and keep company?" I tried not to sound seductively and sexual but for how awkward I am Luke should know. I just want a cuddle buddy is all.
"Yeah okay. So are we sharing your bed? what am I going to wear?" as he rambles on and on I think in my mind that I have a pair of large sweat pants he could borrow.
"I have sweat pants dont worry, and yeah we can share my bed if that's fine." Luke nods and I head to my dresser and pull out the sweat pants for Luke and toss them to him. I grab myself some pj pants and t-shirt and head to the bathroom to change. I get done changing and I wash my face full of makeup off and leave my hair, shower in the morning it is. I get back and see Luke claimed his spot in my bed, my spot.
"Hey thats my spot! Scooch over noodle."
"Nope its comfy on this side!" such a tease.
"Ugh fine but dont hog the blankets."
"No promises. So should we uh, cuddle? or are you not a cuddler?"
"No its fine I actually was going to ask you."
I blush and get under the covers and adjust the pillows, once settled in I feel Lukes arms wrap around my waist and pull me close to his chest. I turn and I smell him, mint and wood. God that smells so good. My head is resting on his chest over his heart, I can hear it too. I finally notice he isnt wearing a shirt.
"Luke?"
"Mhmm?"
"Where is your shirt?"
"Oh, sorry they just feel so restricting, should I put it back on?"
Honestly I didnt want him to. He had nice flawless skin and a nice chest too. I just lost train of thought and Luke waved his hand in front of my face.
"Sorry but I-I"
"Haha its fine. Just get some sleep okay?"
"Okay, night Luke."
"Night."
As if on queue I closed my eyes and snuggled closer to Luke and drifted into a deep sleep. I could still feel Luke run circles on my back, soothing me into slumber. Then I fell asleep with someone that's growing on me. Maybe I'm starting to like him more than, a friend.