
-------------------
I finally find the non-sinking spot that I always park in and open the door for Alex, stretching my hand out for her to hold and guide her around the bushes. She takes it gladly and I begin to walk and weave my way through just like that couple times I've been here. I hear a shout of laughter coming from ahead, Calum.
"They're already here! Oh by the way you'll meet Ashton, he's nice I swear." I see her face has a confused look and I just smile back.
"We're here!" I shout towards the guys running and stretching.
"About damn time!" Michael shouts at me.
"Hey don't swear!" Ashton always telling us not to. I don't see why but it's whatever.
"Ash! This is Alex my, friend. " I didn't mean to hesitate but it just sorta happened. He looks at me with a smile and looks at her.
"Hi I'm Ashton! But you can call me Ash. So do you play?" Her face obviously confused.
"Not really. I'm not a soccer person but I can try. "
"Oh you're not from Sydney are you? Well then just try and keep up okay?" She just nods and smiles. Ash is so nice so far, what's he planing?
"Alright then teams! Who wants to be captain?" I announce for everyone to hear.
--------------
After a long (10 minutes) hard decision, Calum picks me and Ash picks Mikey.
"What about me?" Alex asks. I forgot we have an odd number.
"Uh I guess you can be goalie! We normally just have the 4 of us so we use landmarks as goals. Sorry I don't know what to do about this." I tell Alex and I can see the smile sink down somewhat.
"I'll have her switch for me! I don't mind and I need to lay off my knee. Doctor says, sorry mate. " I forgot Calum had a bad knee since the last game last year for the school team. Alex has the biggest smile on her face and I just smile at her. She runs to the field where Calum was and he explains what to do and how. I look over at Ash and Mikey and they are conspiring I guess. I shake my thoughts and run over to Cal and Alex to join in to have a strategy for the first game.
-----------------
"Alright here's the punt!" I say kicking the ball mid-air. I see Ash and Alex run for it and Mikey just stands in front of me running next to me. I swear if he try's that trip thingy again I'll beat his ass.
Next thing I know I see Alex is running past me with the ball away from Ash. What?! She has the ball and is running! Mikey sees and then turns around way before me, trailing right behind her. She sees and he try's to trip her.
"Hey no cheap shots Mikey!"
"I got this Luke! Trust me!" Alex shouts behind her shoulder.
Ash runs up to me and is keeping the same pace.
"Hey mate! She's doing pretty well for her first game with us. "
"Yeah she's pretty good! Wait Mikey's in front!" I see how Mikey and Alex are at a face off, fighting for the ball. This is the determining factor.