
"Yep! See ya in a bit!" He kissed me on the cheek and got in his car as I walk to mine.
-------
I hear the bell ring for first period and sigh. I honestly do not want to deal with school, just a book and coffee would be nice right now. Luke had to go meet a teacher for something so I was just roaming the halls before class. I walk through the door and see Trisha leaning on her desk talking to another girl. It seems pretty intense so I just stay out of the way and sit in my desk and grab my notes.
The next thing I know my pencil is snatched out of my hand.
"Hey I need that, jerk!" I look up to see someone I really didn't need to see this morning, Elizabeth. She really needs to leave me alone.
"Well listen up whore, Luke is mine so stop hanging out with him or else." I just laugh in her face and I can see the look of bewilderment on her face.
"No, you listen up whore, Luke is my boyfriend now so you can stop bugging him or else." If only I could've taken a picture of her face, she was so mad and confused it was funny. People started looking and she noticed, so she left stomping around like a toddler.
The next two classes went by super fast, apparently Luke is showing me off and I kinda like it. Yeah that's weird but it is. I told Trisha and Judy and they totally called it. They even bet $5 on me! It was the middle of math and Calum kept poking the back of my head with his pencil so he could see the board. Luke decides to turn around while the teacher isn't looking and boops my nose.
"What was that for dork?" I whisper to him and I get shushed back.
"Fine, I wont sit with you at lunch." I say crossing my arms and Luke immediately turns around with a pouty face.
"Come here. I wanna show you something." he says and I lean forward to be kissed by a Luke Hemmings. It was a peck but it caught me off guard, earning a few gasps from some girls next to us. I giggle to myself and the bell rings for lunch, finally I'm starving!
----------------------
Luke P.O.V.
The bell rings and I grab my bag and Alex's hand as we walk towards the door. I can hear Calum whisper-yell 'PDA!' and few others laugh. We head down the hall to the left and I see Michael leaning against the lockers.
"Come on bud food awaits us!" I say and his face brightens up and walks in front with Cal.
We walk through the line and I see that Alex has a lot of food on her plate, it's good that she's eating again. Same with me, I actually get more food now and Alex is helping me with keeping it down if I'm struggling. Before I knew it we were sat down and started eating and chatting.
"I didn't realize I got this much! Wanna share?" I grab Alex's plate and half it, knowing she likes it when we half. She smiles and digs in eating the spaghetti. There's three meatballs and of course I take one and she takes one. I grab for the last one as does Alex and we have a starring contest. I can hear Mikey and Cal laughing causing me to laugh, and blink.
"Ha! It's mine now!" I laugh and kiss her temple smiling. She halfs it and gives me the other half. How did I become this lucky?
Time flys when you're happy and having fun. Lunch was quick along with the next class, lastly showchoir was a blur. But I do know that Alex and a few other girls have solos and man can she sing. I have one too but it's not important.
"Wow Luke you have a great voice! You really need to do something with it, maybe a band?!" I hear Judy say to my left. Alex nods frantically and smiles. I just laugh and walk over to get my water bottle.