
"Yep! So whats this 'sleepover' your involved in?" he seemed very intrigued all of a sudden, until the bell rang to signal our lunch.
"I'll explain over lunch." I say as we walk out towards the lunch room.
----------------
As always Calum and Michael are "arguing" about something and its pretty funny. Me and Luke are just laughing away and sometimes I'll speak up and it gets Michael excited so he talks louder to border line screaming.
"Okay so what were you saying about a sleepover Alex?" Calum asks me and then all eyes are on me.
"Well Trisha asked me during first period if I wanted the sleepover at her place with Judy and I said yes. Problem?" Luke, Michael and Calum all look at each other and then back at me.
"Why are you staring at me like that?" Now I'm scared.
"Oh nothing just an us thing." Michael speaks up, clearly eyeing Luke and giggling. Now I want to ask Luke whats wrong but not when he's happy and laughing so maybe later.
-------------------------------
Luke P.O.V.
I'm actually happy and enjoying my lunch right now, I think it's because of Alex. She always finds a way to make me laugh and smile, another reason she is such a great person. Another reason why I like her. But Lisa keeps finding a way to pop back into my mind but I just brush it off.
The bell rings for 3rd period and that means Alex and Michael have a class together while me and Cal are loners in our classes. I have History and Cal has Maths, while Mikey and Alex have Chemistry.
The whole class goes by like a blur like always. The bell just rang for 4th period the last one for the day! I run out of the door to Alex's class to walk with her, but I see her talking to some guy. It's not Michaels firetruck red hair, but brown like Alex's. I quickly walk up to her and squeeze her hips to make her jump and hug her from behind.
"Hey Luke! This is John, John this is Luke!" I eye him up and down looking at the medium sized kid. Must be a sophomore, he has glasses and curly brown hair with braces, nerd.
"H-Hi." must be shy, sucks but this is my Alex.
"Hey mate we are leaving for class and so should you." I didn't think I said it pretty mean like but we did need to leave and I just didn't want her talking to him. We walk off with my arm linked with Alex's like always when she speaks up.
"So you were play full back there, kinda rude too. Care to share?"
"Uh just wanted to make sure we all weren't late to class?" I said it more as a question but not intentional.
"Luke are you okay? This morning you seemed kinda sad and just back there you were all fired up and mean to John." I didn't really want to answer, but thank God we walked in just as the bell rang for class and practice to start. But I know she'll ask later, just not after school hopefully.