
"Hey! Alex is it? I'm Trisha and you sounded beautiful! Welcome to Sydney Show Choir!"
"Thanks Trisha! I feel at home when I'm in show choir and I already knew this song and the dance. Want to see?"
"OH MY GOSH YES!" She seems really nice and very excited. Her dark brown hair and hazel eyes are like silk! She's about my height too!
I show her the dance and teach her also, I see behind he through the giant wall mirror some other girls dancing and singing along. Even Luke is singing! Trisha moves back to watch and I stop to ask what's up.
"Do you know your whole show? Did you compete yet?" She sounds concerned almost.
"We learned it all but a few days ago was our first competition and I couldn't perform. I had a solo and everything."
"Can you show us? Do you need music to dance to?" Now she's getting excited. I like her, I hope we can be friends.
"Yeah I can perform! I already have the music edited and everything on my phone here. Is there a sound system?"
We get my phone plugged up and I search for the opener song, found it! It starts off with She Wolf and I get into my position and sing with it. Everyone is amazed and some even sing with me and harmonize. God I love this place! It then transitions into Treasure by Bruno Mars and it's now all spunky and some moves are a little sexy. But wait there's more! Wings by Little Mix plays and all of the song my choreographer decides it's just the girls part. I continue in and not even break a sweat and it's now the ending song. This one is so powerful with dynamics. I can't remember the name of it but it's so good. This song is mainly me sitting and just facials. Very important. But as I progress into the chorus some people shiver and it makes me happy! I see Luke to the side and he's smiling the whole time , not breaking eye contact. I finish with the chorus of Radioactive and my solo, then shampoo star as the last move and ending note. They all clap and Luke comes to high five me or hug me, I can't tell. He hugs me and I'm engulfed in the tall, lanky, blonde boy and I like it. Trisha comes and hugs me and said I did great and then the bell rings. Today was very eventful, but in a good way. I think I like it here in Sydney, and I don't want to leave just yet.
{Hey readers! So I have decided to start updating every Tuesday and Thursday just because I can because I'm punk rock. Happy reading!}