
"Is this Treasure by Bruno Mars?" I ask, she stops and smiles.
"Yes it is! You passed the first stage! Next I want you to sing me something, anything!" I'm stunned. What the hell is happening! Okay think of something that your alto self can handle, oh!
"Okay what about Habits by Tove Lo?"
"Good enough for me! Begin!"
I see something move in the corner off eye and see Luke and a few girls and boys look through the door. Creeps. I start off with the second verse because it's not that bad like the first, now my favorite part the chorus. I am so loud as an alto but you need to be, I see her face light up and starts clapping as I finish.
"BRAVO! Now dance for me!" She is very demanding. Okay think of your show from Ms. Smith. The ballad! I pull out my phone and start to play Radioactive by Imagine Dragons and start off with the hair flip. My solo comes up and I sing while I do my choreography and she is enjoying herself. I end with shampoo star and my ending note. Hell yeah, I'm a total badass.
We walk out and part the sea of students and move to the center of the class.
"I am here to announce that Alex Holland is now apart of our choir! Congrats! Lucky you we start learning songs for the season today and hopefully we start dancing in about 3-4 weeks." Wow they work fast. I look over at Luke and he points to the piano. I follow his gesture and see that Ms. Andrews is smiling and gesturing I sit at the piano.
"Do you need me to do something?" I ask her. She nods and points to the keys and bench. She wants me to play?
"Come play the piano, if you don't know then just press one key. If you do then play a song you can sing to. Perform for us! It's a tradition for all choir kids."
I sit at the keys and place my hands over the beginning notes and think of the way She Wolf by David Guetta goes. I start to play and sing the verse. I hear someone gasp and its Luke. I sing louder into the chorus and people are paying close attention. I sing with my soul as I'm in the bridge and Luke comes and stands next to the piano. He's singing with me. We sing in harmony and I hear him loud and clear, he sounds amazing. I didn't think he could sing THAT good! He stops and let's me end the song with the piano as quite as possible. I look at him and he smirks and gives me a wink, then leaves.
What just happened? People are clapping and even cheering! One girl says a compliment and smiles at me. I don't feel my face turning red or anything, I never really have anxiety in choir. I never understood why but that's why I take it. It's something I can be confident in. I sit at the seat Luke saved me next to him and gives me sheet music for Radioactive by Imagine Dragons. Hey I sang this! I already know it but it's good to learn it again and maybe I'll have a solo.
We finish singing and it's all the same but the ending note. I'm higher than what I learned before but I can do it. After we finish we rehearse it a few times, the last time sounded so good I did shampoo star out of habit.
"What was that?" Luke asked, I forgot he was there.
"Shampoo star! It's what we do after a good run of a song and as our ending move."
"Oh makes sense. Yeah hopefully the choreography doesn't suck this year. I forgot to say you sound amazing. Like beautiful. You should sing out load for some people, like me?"
"Well you're not bad yourself, and thanks for accompanying me. But I don't like to do things like sing to others outside of choir, sorry I'm weird."
"No it's fine! One day you'll open up to us, obviously not now but soon."