
Now that I see myself, I can feel the ache in my stomach and pain all over my body. I look at Luke in the mirror and see the pain in his expression.
"Luke, I had no idea I was doing this I swear." My voice breaks at the end, and the next thing I know I'm crying.
Luke immediately pulls me into a bear hug and I cry into his chest. I hug him as tight as possible, like he might disappear if I let go. I can feel the tears flowing like Niagara Falls, never ending. It hurts to cry now since I'm probably dehydrated from all the coffee I drink.
The long hours I spend in a book, studying on end without sleep, has finally hit me like a truck. But I think it hit Luke much more than me. I don't see why, but yet I do. It's weird but sometimes I can feel his emotions radiating off of him and also vise versa.
"Alex?" I'm snapped out of my thoughts and the tears have slowed down.
"Luke I'm sorry please don't leave because I did this. I didn't know I was just trying to study and get straight A's like you and I got caught up-"
"Alex! Just shut up and look at me-" I look up to see his eyes are red and puffy, cheeks stained with tears "-please just eat and take care of yourself. I love you too much to let you do this to yourself. I love you too much to lose you and grades don't matter to me. I love you so much that I'd sacrifice the band for you. I'd give up being in the band to save your life, because I love you. Did you hear that? I. Love. You. Only you and I always will."
"Y-you love me? After all the shit I've put you through, you love me?" I can't process this enough to saved life. Luke Hemmings, my boyfriend and best friend, loves me. I look up and he nods.
"I love you Alex Holland, so fucking much. Never forget that, okay?" I'm stunned but I can tell my heart is beating at a million miles a minute.
"I love you too, Luke. I'll never stop loving you until the day I die." Next thing I know he pulls me into a kiss full of passion, love and longing. It feels like the first time we kissed all over again, beautiful.
He pulls away and our foreheads are resting on each other, Luke stares into my eyes and pecks my nose. I just think back to all the times where I've had to tell myself 'it'll be okay' just get by. Now here I am with Luke, helping me with my studying and looking out for me.
"Change of plans!"
Snapped back to reality, Luke picks me up and carries me up the stairs towards my bathroom.
"Luke what are you doing?"
"You need to shower and get ready, I'm sure you don't want everyone to see you in your pajamas." That's very true since I'm in shorts and a Doctor Who shirt.
We get to the top of the stair case and he walks me over to the bathroom, setting me in the counter top.
"Okay I'm going to run you a bath and you're going to relax and think of nothing but relaxing, get it?" I nod and Luke's face starts turning pink.
"Are you okay? You're face is getting red." He just looks at me and points at my shirt and shorts. I can tell he's flustered but I just tilt my head to the side. Then the lightbulb turns on in my head, I have to undress.
"Uh Luke can you go ahead and start the bath? I'll get undressed while you do that." He nods and walks to the tub starting the bath. I look around for my favorite bath bomb and see he has it already.