
Without you I'm a lost boy.
The song ends and I look at Alex to see her reaction. Im sweating lightly and I'm sure my hair is matted down. I place my guitar on the floor and walk over to Alex and sit with her legs in my lap.
"So, what do you think?" I'm scared nervous and excited all at the same time.
"That was amazing! Wow you're all so talented and was that an original song?" She has the biggest smile on her face and is looking at us all waiting for an answer.
"Yeah Luke wrote it and we agreed to it, and it sounded pretty good mate." Mikey speaks up for me.
"Really? That's a really good song Luke!"
"Yeah? Well I wrote it for you." I say sheepishly looking at our hands intertwined and smile. I can feel her lean over and kiss my cheek, making me blush. I look up at her and see her smile brightly at me, making me smile right back.
"No one has ever wrote me a song, and that was a really good song." I see Cal walk to the door and wiggle his eyebrows at me. I roll my eyes and Ash laughs at us. Mikey just pretends to fake make out with his imagination, dork.
"I think we'll take a break for you two to talk." Ash says and I know what he means by talk.
I nod and make sure the door clicked closed and then sigh, here we go.
"So uh Alex, I have to uh tell you something." I look at our hands and can tell she has a confused look in her face.
"Luke, is everything okay?"
I take a deep breath and let it go. She has the right to know after all since I could be famous and just get up and leave her, alone. That thought sent shivers down my spine and Alex could tell, scooting closer to me.
"Me and the guys have started a band, that's why I haven't been over at your house a lot. I've been practicing in here with them and we are actually good. We started on YouTube and so we made an official band name; 5 Seconds Of Summer. Don't ask, Mikey made the name.
"But we play covers on YouTube and people, a lot of people actually, watch them and like them. It's been about a month since it started, and I never told you until now. We even have a gig at the park coming up to play for the public and I'm really nervous but excited.
"We could actually make this a thing and be famous Alex, it's my dream. To be people's escape just like how bands are my escape. So, what do you think?" I look up and see her face and I don't know if she's mad or confused or anything. I can't tell.
She finally opens her mouth to speak, but then closes it. She looks so confused to find the words to tell me how she feels, it hurts. She looks up at me and leans in surprising me with a kiss. It sends waves of electricity through me and makes me smile into the kiss. I place me hand in her cheek as she puts her hands behind my neck, wringing her fingers through my hair. She pulls away to look into my eyes and smiles.
"I'm so proud of you Luke. I'm a little hurt that you didn't tell me but I'm more happy that you're happy and doing what you love. I'll support you and the boys with this the whole way, thick and thin. Just promise you won't forget the little American girl who you kept staring at with the pretty green eyes." Luke laughs and makes me laugh with him.
The whole time I've been here in Australia, I never even thought of how I became friends with many great people and have an amazing boyfriend. I remember the first day of school, Luke staring at me and Calum hitting on me. How Luke and I always walk with our arms linked and skip together down the halls like idiots. And now here we are, sitting on a dusty couch holding hands and talking about how Luke and his friends are in a band sharing there dream together.