
"Alex?"
"Yeah?"
"I uh..."
He pauses, as if choosing his words wisely. I'm scared of what he'll say but I don't know why.
"Nothing I was just thinking that you should finish your food, mum will get mad at wasting food."
I feel like that wasn't what he wanted to say but I got up anyway to eat a little bit and just sat in silence with Luke.
As if time had stopped, I could hear Liz call for us from the kitchen to let me know it's time to leave. Luke stands up and holds out his hand to let me up. I hold on and he pulls me up and hugs me once more and I look in his mirror and see my makeup is fine but I have red puffy eyes, no hiding that. Either way I walk out into the hall with Luke to the kitchen and see Liz cleaning up.
"So is everything okay Alex? Your eyes..." she just drops the bowl into the sink and hugs me tight and I hug back.
"Are you still home alone?"
"Yes ma'am I am. They won't be back until Friday of next week." So late that night almost Saturday morning for how late.
"Well, I guess you can stay here for the night since it's Saturday. We don't have an extra room so you'll take Lukes room and he'll take the couch or floor, sorry Lukey."
"Mum please stop calling me that, I'll take the floor and Alex can have my bed."
"No I'll take the couch and you take your bed, it's fine really but thank you for letting me stay."
"Nonsense! Take the bed and Luke the floor, that's final. I do not want the teacher to come out of me on a weekend."
"Yes ma'am." I say being defeated by the scary maths teacher.
-------------------------------
After cleaning the kitchen and locking the house, Luke takes me back to his room and closes the door to have some privacy before we head off to sleep. He starts looking through his drawers for something while I sit on the bed.
"Here are some sweat pants and one of my band shirts." It's an Offspring band tee and some black sweat pants. I take them and look at him with obvious eyes.
"Uh Luke? Can you turn around so I can change?" I feel my cheeks heat up and look at the floor from my embarrassment.
"Yeah of c-course uh I'll get changed too so uh we'll both turn around, okay?"
"Yeah okay." As I'm about to turn around I see him take his shirt off and I'm in awe. He has such good back muscles and biceps, I hope I'm not drooling all over myself. I come to reality and turn around and take off my sweatshirt. I then take my pants off and place them in a pile on the bed, then put on the shirt that comes mid thigh. I look over and find the sweat pants and pull them on and learn that they don't fit, they keep sliding down. Just great.
"Uh Luke? I have a slight problem." He's probably going to laugh at me.
"Yeah? Whatcha need?" He turns and looks at me and sees that the pants are at my knees and I demonstrate how they don't fit. He chuckles as I take them off and toss them to the side with a sigh.
"Its fine, the shirt is long enough so it covers your butt." I chuckle from his remark and move my clothes to the floor beside the bed. I climb in as I see Luke grab a pillow and blanket from his closet and make a pallet on the floor. I feel bad about him sleeping on the cold hard floor, so I simply ask him.
"Hey Luke? Do you want to cuddle? Like last time at my house?" wow I sound creepy.