
So I'm sure you're all wondering where the hell I'm going with this but just bare with me please. And after this story I plan on writing another so be on the look out for that! Happy Reading!
Luke P.O.V.
I wake up to see Alex curled into my chest, her breathing slow. She's so beautiful when she sleeps. I look over to see my phone and check that it's 6:30 already. I forgot it's Wednesday already and we still have school, ugh I don't want to go!
"Alex? Aleeeeeex Wakey Wakey!" I say shaking her. Her eyes flutter open and she smiles.
"What time is it?" She rubs her eyes and yawns.
"6:30 so we have-"
"Already?! I needed to be up at six! Oh crap I'm going to be late!" She crawls over me and falls out of bed on her back. I hear her grunt in pain as I look over the side of the bed and giggle.
"You alright babe?" I can see she was taken back by the pet name and smiled. She sits up and boops my nose and giggles.
"I'll live, come on we have to get ready!" I just groan and roll over covering my face.
--------
"Luke come on! It's 6:55! We need to leave now!" Alex calls for me in the kitchen and I finally roll out of bed to get ready. I see my uniform laid on my dresser, Alex must've done that for me. I smile and take my sweat pants off and button up the white shirt.
I'm finally dressed and my hair is still a mess and I can't find my tie, again. Why do I keep losing that thing?
"Alex have you seen my tie?" She pops her head into the doorway of the bathroom and stares at me.
"You take forever doing your hair and it's funny to watch." She giggles and hands me my tie. Believe it or not it's an art to make my hair into a quiff.
I'm done with my hair and I try to put my tie on in a rush and it looks bad. Alex just watched me and chuckles every now and then.
"Need help?" I nod and just watch her fix my tie. I never really noticed how small her hands were, how small she is. She looks into my eyes and I kiss her nose and smile. Words cannot describe how happy I am to have her.
Alex P.O.V.
I finish helping with Luke's tie and he kisses my nose. I just smile and glance in the mirror to see that my hair is all over the place, again.
"Ugh I need to straighten it but it takes too long!" I just pout and Luke hugs me from behind and whispers in my ear 'you look gorgeous.' I can feel his breath on my neck and it sends shivers down my spine. I turn around and snake my arms around his neck and smile into his eyes. He leans down and kisses me, sending butterflies loose in my stomach. Sadly he pulled away too quick and takes my hands and guides me to the kitchen where our bags and keys were.
"Alright off you go now! I called in sick so that I can work all this mess out so have a great day!" Liz tells us practically pushing us out the door. She's like my second mom now since my parents won't be back until Friday. I hear my phone ring in my coat pocket and see its dad.
"Dad! Good morning I'm actually about to head to school." I'm happy to hear mom laugh in the background and say 'hello sweety.'
"Morning! So we are actually coming back tonight since work went well and I'll explain more after you go to school okay? I love you!" I jump and have the biggest smile on my face and say my goodbyes. Luke just stares at me weird and I show him who called and explain it to him.
"I'm happy for you! So I'll meet you in the parking lot?"