
Luke P.O.V.
"I-I have severe anxiety."
I just sat there, staring into her eyes with shock and disbelief. She always seems so happy and confident in herself. Yeah she gets red faced from embarressment but I didn't know it was bad.
"Alex, I-I never knew is there anything I can do to help?" I honestly don't know what to do at this point.
"No Luke I'm fine-"
"No you're not Alex!" I yelled without realizing until I say the tears forming in her eyes.
"Alex I-I'm so sorry I didn't mean to yell please don't cry." I feel terrible.
"No it's okay Luke. I'm used to people yelling at me, it's okay. I know I hide it pretty well, I've been practicing over the years. I was diagnosed 2 years ago and my dad doesn't know but my mom does. So when my dad starts yelling at me for getting a B on my report card or something little like that, I have panic attacks and then I wont eat. My mom tries to help me but it never really works."
I just sit there, still staring and my mouth agape and wanting to cry at how this beautiful wonderful person is breaking apart inside and hides it so well, you would never know it. My instant reacton is to hug her, so I did. I just wrapped my as around her and hugged her tight as if se would fall through the floor if I let go of her. I hear Alex let out a sigh and she starts crying really hard. I hold her tighter and she lets out sob after sob, I rub her back and she starts shaking, trembling even. I let go and look at her and realize, she's having a panic attack. I quickly grab her my Advil and a water bottle from my mini fridge and try to look her in the eyes but she is crying so hard I don't think she can see me. Time for the next best thing.
Alex P.O.V.
I didn't think I would have one here, I tried holding it in but that clearly didn't work. Luke comes and brings me Advil and water and I try to take it but I can't calm down enough to take it. I can feel myself sliding down to the floor and curl into a ball, crying and wanting to hide. It hurts. Like someone is stabbing me and strangling u chest and lungs with all their might. I can feel my head throbbing in pain and the tears are flowing like Niagara Falls, never ending. Luke just sets the stuff down and holds me, rubbing my back and whispering to me it'll be okay, I got you and I can feel the heat from him being transfered to my cold body. I can hear him saying something in a certain way, he's singing. I can hear Luke singing to me to calm me down and it's actually working. I can feel my head lighten but the throbbing is clearing little by little and my chest is filling with air more and more. I try to focus on the lyrics and notice it's Iris by The GooGoo Dolls, my favourite song. I don't think he knows that's my favourite song but I listen and focus and try to calm down, so far it's working and I just hold onto him and cling to Luke and hum along with him. He shifts and I look up to see him looking down at me and he smiles and then reaches for the pain killers and water, then hands it to me. I take it from him and swallow the pills and drink the water that he gave me. I finally calmed down and now Luke is just holding me in his arms, still singing and rubbing my back, comforting me. I wipe the last few tears off my cheeks, already stained and I'm sure my makeup is ruined but I don't care at this point. I look up and see his sad/exhausted face and hug him.
"That was my favorite song, thank you Luke." He just smiles and hugs me again, then looks into my eyes.
"If you need anything, don't hesitate to talk to me okay?"
"Okay, I promise."
We continue to sit on the floor and hold each other as if one of us might fall through the ground and disappear forever. I hear Luke take in a breath as if to say something, so I turn to look at him.