
10 minutes of tumblr later I hear a door open and close and I start to panic thinking of what happened at school earlier.
"Honey I'm home!" Obviously it was Luke, wow I'm way too paranoid.
"Up stairs!" I yell and I hear him stomping up the stairs and I see Luke walk in and he starts laughing at me.
"What? This is my natural habitat!" I explain and he walks over and feels my forehead.
"You don't have fever. What's wrong? You're not sick, are you." I avert my eyes to my hands, feeling his gaze burning on me.
"No I'm not but something did happen when I got to school."
Luke sets his bag on the floor taking his shoes off and loosening his tie and throwing his jacket on the floor also. He crawls in my bed next to me and cuddles with me.
"Tell me what's up, okay?" I sigh and think of a short way to tell Luke about Andrew to get to the point.
"Andrew. He talked to me at school in the parking lot. The I called the cops and he just stood there and they took him away." I could see his face flushed with fear and anger.
"What did he say? Did he hurt you or threaten you?!" The concern dripping from his mouth with every word.
"Yeah, he said if I didn't leave you them he would hurt me or someone I love. And I said no and then the cops came and took him." I was border line crying, I could feel the tears burning behind my eyes wanting to be free.
Luke clenches his fists and I can see his jaw tight, sharp enough to cut glass. I grab his hand and hold t in my lap as he looks up at me with sad eyes, a dull blue. His hair is still in a quiff but a little messy, still adorable. I lean over onto his shoulder and look at our hands thinking about what Andrew said.
"He will never tear us apart, no matter what." Luke says, snapping me out of my thoughts. I look up to meet his face and see a smile that makes all the butterflies loose.
"Oh I have something for you! I almost forgot about it but it's in the kitchen so you have to get up." I groan and roll over where my face meets my pillow. Next thing I know Luke smacks my butt, really hard, and I yelp falling off my bed.
"What the hell Hemmings!"
"What? You have a nice butt and it was right there! Plus you needed to get out of you bed so that worked too." He says and smiles as if nothing happened.
I get up and run after Luke down the stairs tripping on the last step and Luke laughed at me.
Luke P.O.V.
I laughed so hard at her but not in a mean way you know? She just looks at me with a 'wtf' face and it just makes me want to hug her and boop her nose.
We get to the kitchen for me to hear a squeal behind me. I look over my shoulder and Alex has her hands covering her mouth.
"You did not get me Starbucks!" She runs over to me and hugs me tight. I kiss her forehead and hand her her cup. I remember she wanted a caramel frappé from one time while she went off about Barnes and Nobles.
---------------------
We spent the whole morning drinking coffee and eating waffles and it was wonderful. Of course we made a mess, I mean flour was everywhere! But we have waffles and coffee with Netflix so it's a semi-productive day.
We're laying on the couch and Alex is in my arms all sleepy and cute. I look down at her and I see her eye lids looks heavy and keep closing. I just smile and kiss the top of her head.