
"Yeah sounds good." As I say that she gets off the bed and walks towards her door.
"Hey Alex?"
"Yeah Luke?"
"You uh, are a good cuddler." Did I seriously just tell her that?
"Oh, uh thanks. So are you." Then she leaves. I'm an idiot.
Alex P.O.V.
Luke seems, weird all of a sudden. He normally doesn't stutter like that. Yeah he's quiet and a little shy especially compared to Michael and Calum, but not like this. As I think to myself I walk into my bathroom and turn on the shower head and hot water, then step in. I wash my hair, face, then shave and wash my body. I step out and brush my teeth and start to blow dry my hair. My towel slips off a little so I grab my robe and continue when I realize, my door is still OPEN. Luckily Luke wasn't in the hallway *sigh* thank God! I finish up and head to my room, but no Luke. Where did he go?
"Luke? Luke! Where did you go?" I pretty much start to look in all the rooms in this hall, but still no Luke. You know for a tall, blonde, Australian he is hard to find.
"Alex? You need to see this! Like now!" He was shouting from the living room.
I walk down the stairs and into the living room and see a sleeping Michael on the couch.
"WHAT TH-"
"Shhhh! Don't wake him up!" Luke whisper shouts. I can't believe him! He said he had to leave! Why is he sleeping in my living room?!
"Ugh fine, I'm going to get ready." I say walking upstairs. Great. Just great.
--------------------------
I go to my mirror after picking my outfit for the day and see my hair already in its natural state of ginger curls. I decide to just do light makeup, only concealer and light powder with mascara. After doing so I'm humming a song stuck in my head and walk to my closet in my room. I pull out my under garments and choose my light skinny jeans and my Nirvana sweatshirt and white converses. I run and put in my contacts in before I forget and head back downstairs. I see Luke and Michael sitting on the couch talking quietly and I hear my name a few times.
"I heard my name what I do?" I ask to the two tired boys.
"Uh nothing you don't know. You know that we're all going out to breakfast." Luke tells me but his eyes wander around the room. Is he lying? I can't tell but I don't want to jump to conclusions.
"Wait I'm not intruding on your date! I only crashed here because I was a little drunk from the party. And that Calum is a dick for not taking me home." Michael intrudes.
"It's not a date!" Me and Luke shout simultaneously. We looked at each other immediately and laughed.
"Whatever. Okay yeah I'm leaving this is weird. Thanks for letting me stay!"
"Actually you weren't even invited but you're welcome. Just ask next time okay?"
"Yeah okay. See ya!" And like that, Michael is gone. I hear Luke chuckle and burst out laughing.
"What's so funny Hemmings?"
"Nothing. Let's go to breakfast, okay?"
"Wait I thought we were stopping by your house?"
"Uh, let's not. At least not with you because my mom will think something was up. She always thinks I do bad stuff when I hang out with girls."
"Oh it's fine. I'm just really hungry."