
"Yeah okay, by the way nice jumper." He says as we walk out the door to his car.
-------------------
Luke drives for about 20 minutes and it's already 9:23 am. We pass a gas station and I notice an old man in a rocking chair, smoking a cigar. Luke takes a left turn and then pulls into a parking lot. I look up and see Diner 24/7 on the top part of the sign. The rest is faded and illegible.
Luke P.O.V.
We get out and I lock the car, and guide Alex into the diner. It's been so long since I've parked in that same spot at this same diner. We walk through the door and I hear the bell ring and see a different waitress. Where is Lynda? It's not the same anymore.
Alex and I walk over to a booth in the corner by a window. It's the same booth too. Just forget about it Luke! It's been 2 years since the incident.
"Luke? You okay? You seem, distracted." Alex ask.
Shit she is very observant.
"Uh yeah it's just uh, memories." I wasn't lying but I still felt bad not telling her. Maybe one day I will, just maybe.
"Oh okay."
--------------------
We ordered our food and talked, laughed, and had a great morning. She is so funny and her laugh is contagious and her nose crinkles when she laughs. Wait, am I having feelings for her? I don't know but she just makes me enjoy going to school and being with friends if she is there. Not to mention pretty and smart and I can talk to her about anything. Just like her but better.
Alex P.O.V.
We finished our food and still stay and talked about, everything. Luke is so quiet when you first meet him but as you get to know him, he is always laughing and making bad jokes. I notice he chews his lip ring, a lot. The way he does it is so, so appealing. Almost sexy. Wait no he is not sexy to me! I couldn't think of Luke like that, he is such a good friend and I don't have that many at the moment. I've only lived here a few weeks and things are coming along. Luke pays for the food and I notice it's half past 11.
"Crap it's already 11:30! My mum is going to kill me!"
"Then let's go to your house!"
"Uh I don't know but uh I-"
"Luke I'll take the blame. Technically it is my fault, I asked for you to stay the night." I explain as we get into the car.
"Okay. I just don't want my mum to think bad of you."
"It's okay Luke I don't care honestly."
Luke drives somewhat with haste and we end up at his house. It's a nice white, 2 story with a fenced in back yard and bushes. Everywhere. I see his mom in the front yard with a black dog. She sees us and looks furious. I can hear Luke sigh and groan a little. I slump down in the seat somewhat feeling like I'm in school about to get punished.
"LUCAS ROBERT HEMMINGS WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?" She shouts as we pull in.
"Hi mum. I'm not dead! Oh this is Alex, from school. You know her. Uh I ha-"
"You are in so much trouble Luke. Hi Alex nice seeing you! Would you like to come in?" She is scaring me.
"Uh if it's fine with you then yes ma'am."
Luke just gives me a look like 'what the fuck mate' but I just smile and walk to the door with them.
"So Luke, why didn't you tell me you were with Alex. Also, how was the party at Andrews?"