
"Mum, why is he here?!" I'm screaming and not even caring at this point.
"Luke he uh needed get a few things that he left from his last visit. Just let him through. " She is obviously scared, who wouldn't be! He should be in jail right now for what he did!
"Hiya Luke I'm uh just passing through don't worry. I have patrol watching me." He shows off his ankle bracelet and I see the blinking red light. I smile to myself thinking he's not completely on the loose.
"Hey Luke why did you just- oh hi there." Alex walks in and sees him. Oh no if he makes the connection I'm done for.
"Well who is this Luke? Is this your little girlfriend?" He smirks at me, knowing the answer already.
"Yes I am actually! I'm Alex nice to meet you, and you are?" She stretches her hand out for him to shake.
"Im Andrew, Luke's father. Nice to meet you Alex." He shakes her hand and smiles wickedly.
"Leave. Now!" I shout at him hoping that this isn't real, but it isn't.
Andrew just nods and walks into the hall to the closet to get out an old box with his name on it. I remember we put all his stuff in there when he left. He takes it and walks towards the door, bidding goodbye. I make sure to watch him get into the car and drive off out of sight. I hear mum sigh and turn to see her wanting to cry.
"Mum why is he here! He should be rotting in jail!" She just shakes her head and let's one tear fall. Can I not have a good day?! Im sick of this!
"Just go to bed mum okay? Call in sick or something so we can make a game plan okay?" She nods and I hug her tightly. She lets go and walks to Alex and whispers something I can't hear and hugs her. Mum leaves the room and it's just me and Alex and my insane mind.
"Let's get some sleep, we have school tomorrow." I nod and remember to wash my uniform.
"Oh hey want me to wash your uniform for you? I'm about to wash mine so it'd be easier for both of us to." She nods and I link our arms and walk her to my room to change and take her cloths into the laundry room.
I get back and she's already in her spot, with the covers down at her hips, sleeping. I turn the lamp off and climb in cuddling as the big spoon and I barely hear her say goodnight penguin.
Sorry this was really late but I've been hella sick and my doctor tried giving me penicillin and I'm deathly allergic so I had to deal with that and school is being an ass so yeah. Busy busy busy but Happy Reading!