
"Huh? Oh s-sorry just uh thinking sorry."
Mum speaks up, "Always stuck in the clouds huh Lukey?"
"Oh mum don't call me that when we have guests!"
"Haha! Lukey? That's cute!" Alex laughs, really laughs. I'll get occasionally a real genuine laugh from her but if it's that funny.
"Haha did you just snort?"
"It hurts make it stop!" she can't stop laughing its funny! I didnt think my nickname mum gave me was that funny. After she calms down, I go and wash the dishes from the other night and Alex just sits at the bar talking to mum. She swivles on the stool and I'll hear her giggle every now and then but she keeps smiling. Wow, I never knew her smile was so cute. Snap out of it Luke!
"Dinners ready. Come on Lukey get your bowl."
"Stop calling me that!"
I walk towards the counter to see Alex holding a bowl and getting a small scoup of the meal, too small. She normally eats more than that but not a lot. I never really noticed until now but I wont ask if it's a touchy subject. But I'm starting to notice she looks, different.
"You okay Alex? We can eat in my room if you want?" I look at mum with pleading eyes and she nods 'yes' and walks to the bar and starts eating. Alex nods and I take her free hand and lead her to my room to eat and hopefully talk.
"So this is your room? Nice posters." I look and notice I do have a lot of posters of my favorite bands.
"Yeah, as you can tell I like Good Charlotte." I really do to be honest, I remember on her first day to school here we annoyed (mainly Calum) her about bands.
"Yeah my favorite is either A Day To Remember or Fall Out Boy. So why are we eating in here again?" I want to talk to her about how she is doing since the party on Friday. It's Saturday now but she already seems troubled, but worse.
"Um, we need to talk about what happened and uh how you're doing. You know, the party and all." I know it's going to be hard for her already just to remember it all. I just hope she can tell me everything and how she's feeling, I worry about her.
Alex P.O.V.
Luke set his bowl done after eating half of it while I only eat 1 bite. I havent been really hungry but I'll still eat. I didn't that much before but this time, I didn't want to eat. Luke just looked at me with such sad eyes, like the blue in them were turning grey. I set my bowl next his and moved to sit on the edge of Lukes bed, just staring everywhere but at him.
"Alex? What's going on? You're not eating."
"I-I'm not hungry I guess." I don't see why he is so worried I'm fine.
"Alex, please tell the truth." he pleads walking closer to me until he is just arms reach away from me. I stare at him and my mind settles on one thing.
"Andrew. I-I can't focus on one thing but him and the party and I only watched Netflix today and ate a bag of chips but barely finished it. I took pain killer stuff and drank water and that did noting to my migrain and then I started feeling sick after eating and then..." I stop and i can feel a void in the pit of my stomach.
"Alex? What happened next?." he stepped closer and is now holding my hands, looking deep ino my eyes.
"I threw up. And, I tried eating again but I felt like crap so I-I threw it up on purpose. Please don't-"
"Alex please don't do that. Please do not throw up because you feel guilty for eating or any of that, Please just don't. It's the worst habit a person could have next to cutting and suicidal thoughts. I should know..."