
((OMG THANK YOU FOR 1k LIKE I FEEL SO HAPPY OMG PEOPLE ACTUALLY READ THIS!))
Luke P.O.V.
My heads pounding and my hands are shaking from exhaustion and starvation. I lost count for how many times I threw up my food and just stomach fluid. Just thinking about the incident makes me want to die.
Flashback
"Why did she have to die?! I did what you asked me to do and yet you did this! I hate you!" I scream as best I could with tears blurring my vision of my dad. Good, I never want to see him again.
"You know who her family is! They ruined my business! And don't make me bring up what they did to Jack!" He screams back and it all floods back to me. We were just kids when it happened. Jack kicked the ball into the street and he ran for it but he checked the road and said it was clear. I walked to the curb and saw them speeding to jack and like that he was 10 yards away from the ball. A red pool of blood surrounding his head and bruises all over. He was only 14 and I was 11 when the accident happened. But dad never believed it was an accident.
"Don't you DARE bring that up! You know what that did to me!" He comes up to me and slaps me across face with the back of his hand. I fell to then floor and groaned in agony trying to get back up.
"If you hate me so much then hit me! Fight back!" He stood over me waiting for my response, but I just looked at him with tear stained eyes.
"Spineless. Just like your brother Jack. You know I had to do this. An eye for an eye, he killed my son so I killed his daughter!" He kicks me in the stomach repeatedly until I hear mum run in with a police officer. Finally.
"I'll make sure you NEVER forget this Luke!" And that was the last thing I heard of him, for now.
Flashback ends*
I hate him. He always pops into my head and never leaves until I purge or cry. Or both. And then there's Alex. She's probably talking shit about me and saying I'm boring and a loser, I wouldn't blame her. But she makes me happy and forget about all the bad and look forward to the good. But at the same time I don't want to ruin our friendship and make it awkward by saying I like her. I really do. She's smart and funny and beautiful and understanding and caring and the list never stops! God it's like Lisa but worse, in a good way I promise.
I hear my phone go off and see I got a text from Alex. I smile and respond trying not to sound like I'm dying when really, I want to die. I'm at the point to where I could just hang my self in the garage or drown in the pool. But I'm too scared to do it. Dad was right about me.
"Luke? Are you okay mate?" I hear Michael ask behind my bedroom door.
"No." I say plainly hoping he can just leave me alone.
"I'm coming in!" I think that was Ashton.
I heart door slam open and walks in Cal, Mikey, and Ash looking either mad, worried, or just tired.
"Leave me alone to die." I say covering my face with my duvet. Ash sits on the edge of my bed and pulls the covers off my face. I can tell he's mortified by my features, pale face and sunken eyes with dark circles. I know because I look over to my phone and see my reflection.
"Buddy, you need to eat and talk to Alex or someone about this. You need help, so let us help you." I just stare at him blankly. I know I need help but I don't know how or where to start. Alex already knows about it but not about Lisa. I know I should tell her but I don't know how. Why am I so messed up?
"I know Ash but I don't know how. Just leave me to think okay?"