
Class ends and the bell rings to end school for the day. I walk with Alex back to our cars and hug her before we drive to my house.
"I'll see you in 5?" I ask she turns to look at me and nods smiling.
I drive in front of Alex, weaving through our neighborhood and pull into my driveway. Mum had meetings today so she won't be home till late tonight so I have to make dinner. Alex parks by the curb as always and I walk to her car to help her out. She is in a skirt and they look uncomfortable.
"Thanks. These skirts suck ass!" We laugh uncontrollably as we walk, arms linked obviously, to the front door.
I open the door and throw my bag into the floor by the door and jump on the couch face first.
"Didn't that hurt?!" Alex asks probably freaking out. I giggle at her remark and turn over and outstretch my arms for her to come lay with me. She just laughs and walks over and lays on me.
"You literally weigh nothing. See?" I say as I pick her up on my shoulder.
"LUCIFER HEMMINGS PUT ME DOWN!!" She screams at me. I just laugh at her and spin around as she pounds her fists on my back.
"Okay my room we go!" I run off down the hall as she screams and holds on tighter.
"I promise you won't fall. I'll never let you fall." I set her down on my bed and close the door and lay on the floor.
"Okay, so where were we?" I ask her chewing on my lip ring.
Alex P.O.V.
Now I'm over thinking everything. I don't know why my mind is running in a million different directions it's just I don't know what to say. I think Luke can tell since he's staring at me, concerned. I take a deep breath and suddenly feel really dizzy.
"Luke I-" then everything goes black. I feel arms wrap around me and then I'm...floating?
2 hours later
I can feel myself waking up when I hear a voice calling my name. Then the headache comes pounding on my skull.
"Hey Alex? You okay?"
"Clearly not since I passed out but now I have a headache."
"Well I have dinner ready and I'll grab some painkiller." He walks off to the bathroom and I just look at the time on my phone and see its 6:00 already.
------------------
It's really late now, like 9:45 late. I'm tired as always and that 'nap' didn't help at all. Luke is laying with me on the couch watching a movie with me. We got bored after talking a little and eating so a movie was great to pass time. Luke shifts a little and I fall off the couch on my stomach.
"Alex are you okay?" He says laughing like a maniac.
"Yeah I'll just stay here and sleep forever. Night." I closet eyes and feel a pair of arms scoop me up bridal style and walk me to a room. Of course Luke is making me sleepover, again.
"Luke I eventually need to go home. What about your mom?" He just shrugs and throws a shirt at me and sweatpants. I walk over to the bathroom and change then come back to see a Luke in penguin boxers. I bust out laughing and his face turns light pink and he grabs his sweatpants and throws them on.
"I'm sorry but that was so funny! Penguin boxers?" I can't stop laughing God this is hilarious!