
We arrive at the lunch room and I'm blown away. I smell chicken and pasta! I look around to see actual good looking food and my stomach growls.
"Are you that hungry?" Luke asks me. Did he hear my stomach?
"Yeah I guess, it smells so good! We had terrible lunch in America. What do I do to get food?" He locks arms with me and we begin stepping as if we were in the Wizard of Oz.
Luke guides me through the line and helps me pick out what to eat and set up my account. The lunch ladies are so nice! Luke, still linking arms, walks me to a table where a tall guy with bright fire truck red hair sits. Calum is with him too, and they are having a conversation I guess.
"Who's the cutie?!" The red boy asks. I'm pretty? I can feel my face blush but only a little.
"No this is the new girl, from America. Twat." Luke explains to him. Rude much? But that cleared things up, Calum is giggling a lot lately.
"Michael this is Alex, Alex this is Michael. Sorry about that, here sit." He says as he pulls the chair open for me and I sit accordingly.
"Thank you and it's fine. So you have red hair?" I ask Michael.
"Yeah, is yours natural?!"
"Obviously. I'm Irish and American."
"That explains a lot." What was that supposed to mean?
We continue to talk and have a good time. They are actually nice and I feel comfortable talking to them. Wait I have no girl people to talk to. Maybe in show choir I'll make friends, hopefully. The bell rings and Luke explains to Michael we have that class together, then he whispers something I can't hear. Hmm. Michael and I walk to chemistry and are a few desks away from each other. It goes by pretty fast and of course a blur. They are way ahead of what I was learning. Time flys and the bell rings for 4th period. Off to show choir!
Michael walks me to the door of the class and I walk out to see a blonde skinny boy lean against the wall of the class.
"Luke? Why are you leaned against the wall like that?" I ask. He's such a dork. Well I can't say much either.
"I'm walking you to show choir, duh."
"Oh yeah, my bad."
We walk in silence at first but it's okay, it was comfortable. Also I was trying to map out a route for the rest of the year. Luke stops and I almost bump into him, weirdo what's going on?
"Here we are Alex, choir room #2."
"Number 2?! There's more choir rooms?!" I'm astounded! What is this alternate universe!
"There's only 2 choir rooms and the ensemble room connects it."
I walk in to see about 30 girls and 15 guys talking and laughing. I look to the right and see the grand piano, I want to go play it but I'm not sure about it. The ensemble door is in the far corner to the right as well. I see a young looking woman with a name tag walk towards me excitedly.
"Are you Alex Holland?! You need to come with me NOW!" She is now dragging me to the ensemble room. What the hell is going on?
"Umm yes ma'am? Are you Ms. Andrews?"
"I am indeed! But before we proceed you need to audition immediately! Come on move it!" She has no patience does she?
We walk in and she closes the see through door. The piano is sitting to the left and there are chairs surrounding it, practices must go one here. She sits on the bench and starts playing a tune in the piano and it sounds familiar.