
"Guys, Niall Horan of One Direction just called and said he wants us to tour with them as their opening act!" an eruption of hoorays and cheers light up the house like a fire.
I just stand in the same spot I was standing, shocked. Stunned but happy? I should be over joyed for them, their living the dream they've worked so hard for. But, I'm sad that they're leaving. Luke is leaving to travel the world, seeing new places and meeting new people. New people. No, he wouldn't leave me, he wouldn't cheat either. That's not the Luke I know, he can't do that to me. Wait no I'm being selfish, I should be happy for them. I am. Just don't let him see the sadness, just smile.
And that's what I do, I just throw a smile on and act excited for them. I hug Calum then Michael and Ashton, finally Luke. He grabs my cheek and plants a kiss on my lips filled want and passion. We separate and look into each others eyes, me trying to hide the sadness and smile through it. I think Luke noticed because he grabbed my wrist and pulled me to follow him down the hall to his room. I hear the guys mumbling 'what's going on?' To themselves and I wonder the same thing.
He opens his bedroom door and drags me in, then closes the door. I just walk to his bed and look at the wall, feeling Luke's stares at me. I hear him take a deep breathe before he speaks.
Luke P.O.V.
I pull her into my room so we can have a talk. When I kissed her about the tour with the One Direction guys, she looked sad almost depressed. So I dragged her to my room to talk about it.
I take a deep breathe and try not to over react and gather the right words to say.
"Alex, why are you sad?" Wow that sounded mean.
"I-I'm not I s-swear." She stuttered. She only stutters when she nervous and scared. Is she scared of me leaving? But why is she nervous? Is it cos I'll tell or get mad? I'm so confused that it doesn't process to actually ask her.
"Are you scared that I'm leaving? I'll come back I promise and I'll never leave you alone. I'll call and text and Skype no matter the time zone. Alex, please look at me." I'm practically pleading for her to look at me. She slowly turns around and lifts her head to look me in the eyes, tears staining her beautiful cheeks with red eyes.
"I just, I hate being alone. I've been alone too much from my parents being gone because of work and now I'm losing you guys. I mean yeah I have Trisha and Judy but they're always busy and are visiting family.
"I know this is your dream, to travel and play music for all these people but I hate being alone." I can literally hear my heart shatter into a million pieces.
No one deserves to be alone, not even Alex. I can feel tears stinging behind my eyes wanting to escape, but I just walk up to her and hug her.
I hug her tight, like she might slip away into the darkness if I let go. I can hear her sobbing into my shoulder and it hurts me physically at this point. I can feel my chest hurting from the heartache knowing I won't be here to comfort her if she has a bad day at school, or her parents are on business trips. I have the choice to stay in Sydney and be the outcast, the reject. Or go and make something of myself with my best friends.
The only thing is, Alex.
Will she be okay without me?
Will I be okay without her?
Mid-thought, I see Alex crumple down onto the floor, looking in pain.