
I hop off the counter and take my glasses off first, then my shorts. I look at Luke just sitting on the edge of the tub looking everywhere but me. I take my shirt off and Luke glances at me, face red as a tomato.
"Luke, do you love me?" He nods and says a 'mhmm'
"Then you can look, if you love me then you will take a bath with me." He turns to look at me and then the floor.
"Then I'd have to uh get undressed, won't I?"
"Well it'd be weird to bathe in clothes. Come on, I'm in my bra and underwear." By this time he's giggling along with me and smiling.
He takes his jacket off and his shoes. I look and see the tub is full of pink and blue bubbles, so I turn the water off. I look back at Luke and he's just in his boxers. I laugh and see they have burgers and hotdogs on them. " Oh my God Luke those are funny!" I'm laughing so much it hurts and I hear him laughing with me.
"Well are we going like this or shall we, uh you know..." I look at Luke, seeing he's serious.
I walk to him and hug him. Weird yes but everyone deserves a hug in awkward moments. I look at him and kiss his nose, having to stand on my tippy toes.
"I'll undress you if you undress me, deal?" I had no other way of saying it without it being weird, but he nodded and started with my bra. I turned around for Luke to in clasp it and it fell to the floor. I turn to look at Luke and cross my arms overt chest.
"Hey, you look beautiful okay?" He grabs my waist and tugs at the lace of my underwear and pulls it slowly down my thighs, the to the floor.
"All done, your turn princess."
I can feel the heat rising up to my cheeks at the pet name, but smile none the less. I look up at Luke still smiling and takes hands at the hem of his boxers. I start to pull them down inch by inch, until the are past his thighs and on the floor. I can feel my cheeks are red and notice Luke running my arms, he knows that relaxes me.
"Ready?" I hear Luke say and look up from staring at his chest, and smile.
"Ready." I turn and step one foot at a time into the mountain of bubbles and into the warm water. I sit on one side and watch as Luke steps in and sits in front of me.
"Shall I was your hair?" Luke asks, making me smile.
"You may and I'll wash yours too." We giggle and I let my hair out of the bun and turn around so Luke can wash it.
He takes a cup and fills it with water and pours it on my head and laughs. He takes the shampoo and squeezes into his hands and starts rubbing it in my hair, making me silently moan.
He rinses and does the same with the conditioner and rinses again. I turn around and see Luke smile like a kid in a candy store. I do the same to his hair, no longer in a quiff. I giggle as he chews at his lip ring and plays with the bubbles.
We lay in the bath together for another 20 minutes, just enjoying each others company. I try to turn around and lay on his chest so I could shave but he just grabs my waits t and holds me.
"I love you. I love this moment. I love us." He whispers in my ear. I turn my head and look up, and kiss his jaw.
"I love you and I want to do this more often. I want to cuddle on the couch and watch movies all night and just drive around town without needing a destination. I want to spend the nights I feel like crying over Doctor Who with you to comfort me. I want to be with you and only you. I love us, you. I love you Luke Hemmings and don't forget that, please."