
"Hey you're finally here!" I say to Ash.
"So is Alex coming or what?" I look down at my feet and chew my lip ring. Oh shit I forgot to tell her.
"You didn't tell her yet, did you?" Mikey speaks up. I shake my head and I hear Ashton sigh.
"Dude you've got to sooner or later. If this actually ends up somewhere and we get famous and on TV and she's watching, she'll find out and that won't end well." Ash explains and the whole time I'm thinking that we can't, yet I have hope we can make it.
"Yeah I know but how can I tell her? That's why I haven't done anything. I don't know what to do." I'm kicking myself for being so stupid and selfish for not telling her, but at the same time sitting in a corner wondering what to say and do. My mind is swirling with thoughts and emotions and I can't keep up, but they all lead to one thing; show her.
"Hey wait I have an idea!" I tell them running to the garage to open the door. I look over to my guitar by Mikey's and Cals bass and pick it up.
"Let's show her." As I said that, all the light bulbs went on in there heads and ran over to me and picked up their instruments.
"I'll call her to come over just give me a second." I put down my guitar and run inside for my phone and see she already texted me. I ignore it and call her right away.
Hey Luke what's up?
Hey uh wanna come over? I need to show you something really important.
Sure like right now?
Immediately! It's really important.
Okay I'll be there in five! See ya!
See ya babe!
And I could tell I left a smile on her face when I said 'babe'.
Like she said, she was here in five minutes. I saw her little bug pull up next to my car in the driveway. She got out and had a beautiful smile on her lips, making me smile. Then I saw the confusion looking behind me at the guys.
"So everybody's here, what's going on?" I hug her tightly and kiss her head, leading her to the couch centered in the garage. She sits down and furrows her eyebrows and looks worried.
"Just sit and watch. I'll explain everything I promise." She nods and leans back propping her feet up on the couch.
I walk over to pick up my guitar and look over at Ashton and nod to him, signaling to start the beat. He starts and I walk to my mike and see Calum started to play.
I can't remember the last time I saw your faceI feel so lonely in a crowded placeYou left me without direction
'Cause I've been from place to place trying to bring you back
I've walked for days and days 'cause I can't face the fact that nothing is better than you
I'm coming because I need to find you Is anybody there who can rescue
Somebody like me cause I'm just waiting For somebody like youSomebody like you
Without you I'm a lost boy Without you I'm a lost boyCome find me I'm a lost boy'Cause without you I'm a lost boy
I kept singing and strumming with my whole heart and with my awesome band with me. I look at Alex the whole time since this song is for her, because without her I'm a lost boy.