
Teenagers by My Chemical Romance played in the background of Lukes car as we drove farther into my neighborhood and was really loud, I couldn't take it anymore so I turned it down.
"Hey? That's a good song!" He's so defensive over bands it's funny.
"I know but it's so loud! I'm changing it to You Me At Six okay?" I do without him having time to argue. Stay With Me comes on and I tap my fingers along to the bass and sing harmony with it. I feel Luke staring at me and look over to see him in the corner of my eye. He quickly looks back at the road and he stops in front of a mansion with cars parked out front everywhere and loud music coming from it.
"We're here. Lets go." He sounded like he was dreading being here. Yet he forced me to come here, I'll never understand this boy noodle thing called Luke Hemmings. He opens my door and closes it behind me, locking his car and walking with me to the front door. I start to get anxious and want to run away back home, but Luke his linked arms with me so I'm not going anywhere. We walk in through the open doors and get blasted with loud club music and people holding red cups everywhere, staring at me. I'm done take me home now Luke! I scream in my head but keep walking through the crowd towards the kitchen. I see Andrew, turning his head to look at me and we meet eyes. I smile and wave as he walks over to me and Luke. I feel Lukes grasp grow tighter and I let go of him.
"Sorry, I just do not like him." Luke looks mad at him, why?
"Hey guys! Glad you made it Alex, wow you look great." Andrew says eyeing me like Luke did earlier but more attentive, making me uncomfortable.
"Yeah, can I get a drink?" I ask so awkwardly.
"Yeah go ahead! Have fun and if you need anything come find me, okay?" he's so nice but it seems sketchy.
"Yep I'm leaving to find the beer pong table later!" and like that Luke was gone. What's gotten into him lately? I walk over to the kitchen table and look through the selection of booze and then in the corner of my eye, I see her. That blonde perky slut Elizabeth. She walks near me and is bumped into me.
"Sorry..." I say shyly, trying to avoid eye contact.
"Watch it nerd! Wait I know you! You're Luke's side bitch aren't you?"
"No I'm just his friend. You're the side bitch. No wait just a slut. Goodbye!" I try and walk away when she grabs my arm and drags me back to her.
"Listen bookworm. If you get too close to Luke, let's just say I'm not afraid to cut a bitch."
"So you're going to cut yourself?" I retort and walk off. I hear her grunt and stomp away.
---------------------------------
I took a few jello shots earlier and a beer then head outside in the back yard to see more people in the pool and playing spin the bottle. I go back in and decide hell I'm probably drunk so why not dance! I find where everybody is dancing and find Andrew leaning against the wall like a loner. I walk over to him and pull at his arm to come dance with me. Surprisingly he submits and smirks and dances with me, wow he's really attractive. We dance together funny like and make each other laugh hysterically, then the song changed and everything changed. He grabbed me and pulled me closer and we danced in rhythm together, he wrapped his arms around my waist and breathed heavily on my neck, sending chills down my arms.
"Follow me princess." he says as he takes my hand, following behind him upstairs. We walk a ways down a long hallway past some couples making out, to a large room with a world map on the wall with globes and writing utensils on a desk. I'm guessing this is his room, but before I could continue looking he takes my hand and pulls me close, really close. Next thing I know he has me pinned against the wall next to his bed and aggressively kisses me. I strangle trying to be set free but he tightens his grip on my wrists. I finally get a gasp of air and he comes back for more.