
My first day in a new school was a success if I say so. It was a Friday so now I have a nice break to re-evaluate and take in what all happened. I met Judy and Trisha who are really nice and hope to be good friends with. Then there's Luke, Michael, and Calum. They are nice and funny but there's something about Luke that intrigues me. I don't know but it's about 10 on Saturday and I need a shower. So I get up and start my day.
After my shower I was my face and brush my teeth, the usual. I decide to go with something to wear outside and still be comfortable. I know! Leggings and my Beyoncé 'I Woke Up Like This' jumper and a beanie. I leave my hair to air dry, even though my hair is going to look crazy afro but I don't care. I walk downstairs and have a piece of toast and some Nutella on it as breakfast, yummy! I want to go hang out with someone but I don't really know anybody. I can text Trisha and ask if she could show me around! Wait I don't have her number, or anyone's number in fact. I let out a loud sigh.
"What's wrong sweetie?" Mom must have heard me.
"I want to hang out with some of the people I've met at school, but I don't have their numbers."
"Well there is a park near by, you can go take a walk or go to the mall!"
"Yeah I guess. But I don't know where any of that is!" I'm so done with this now. Can I just sleep forever?
"Just follow the signs and it's only 20 minutes away from here. Go out and explore!" Moms right I need to get out of my shell a bit.
"Okay, I'll be leaving in a bit I need to make myself presentable." It's true though! I didn't put any make up on so I look like a ghost or something. I run upstairs and go to my bathroom to do my make up. I see my hair is already dry and curly to the extreme. My beanie makes my hair look weird, I take it off and my hair looks good natural. I put in some anti-frizz stuff to tame it a bit. Make up wise, I just do my eye shadow and mascara then some concealer under my eyes. My acne hasn't shown up ever once I used this stuff my mom got me, so I continue to use it.
I'm done getting ready and I grab my phone, wallet, and keys.
"Bye mom! See you later!"
"Bye have fun! Don't get lost!" Thanks mom that's reassuring. I walk out of the front door and to my car to unlock it. I start it up and back out of the drive way am to the main road. It's weird driving on the left side of the road and being in the right side of the car. I read the signs and follow as they say and I make it into town and soon the mall parking lot. Yay I did it! I find a spot and star to walk into the mall, let the adventure begin.
Once I walk through the entrance, I see massive amounts of people and children. Oh my gosh I'm going to be eaten alive. I move forward anyway and look for a map of the mall, soon enough I did and searched for places I know. Okay Aeropostale, Top Shop, Forever 21, and Barnes & Nobles. Oh. My. Gosh. First stop; B&N! I text mom saying I'm in the mall safe and sound also to move some money into my account. She texts back and she gave me $100! I didn't mean that much! I only need like $20 probably! Ugh mother stop spending money on me! I accept I it anyway and start heading to the food court for a snack since its 12 already.
As I walk to the food court I see a Panda Express and a pizza place! Maybe one slice won't hurt, and a drink? I'm stopped from the thoughts by someone tapping in my shoulder, I turn and see Luke!
"Hey Luke!" I'm surprised he's alone.
"Hey Alex, so why are you here by yourself?"
"Oh mom wanted my to go out and explore Sydney and so I came here! What are you doing here?"
"I just needed to get away from my house, it's so boring in there. Is it cool if I hang out with you?"