
Alex P.O.V.
I start up my car and plug up my phone to the AUX player and scroll to find Paramore. Hallelujah comes up and I turn the volume up to 30/40 as I drive deep into the maze of my neighborhood. I pull up to Luke's house and turn the car off but the radio is still playing but I turn it up to 40/40 to get Luke's attention. I see the door open and Luke walks out smiling and arms crossed over his chest.
"Loud enough?!" I think that's what he said.
"WHAT?!" I scream over the music.
The song changes and it's silent. It's be the end of the album, sad but true. I turn the radio back down to 10/40 and take the key out and get out my car, closing the door behind me.
"I'm surprised you're not deaf yet." Luke says with a chuckle.
"What?! I can't hear you!" obviously joking.
He rolls his eyes ad laughs at my remark. I notice he scrunches his nose and shuts his eyes when he laughs, really laughs. We link arms, like always, and walk across the yard and into the house. I smell something like a roast and my stomach growls. I start to take my shoes off when I lose balance and Luke catches me, but we both fall. I'm on the floor with the wind knocked out of me at first but I grab a breath before I see a tall Aussie hovering over me. I can feel my cheeks heat up and face go red from embarrassment already. I can see shock in Luke's eyes and I look down at his lip ring, seeing it be chewed to death.
"Uh....I-I'm really s-sorry Alex oh my god uh..." he's trying to form a sentence but his stuttering is getting the best of him.
"Luke it's okay I'm just a cluts, yeah a c-cluts" I can feel some weird feeling in my stomach, and it's not starvation.
"Um l-let me help you up o-okay?" He says as he stands up and reaches for my hand to pull me up. I get chills when he holds my hand and with a jolt I was in his arms and my face in his chest. I can smell him, mint and some kind of wood scent.
"S-so are you hungry?" he says awkwardly.
"Huh? O-oh yeah, I'm starving." I say as we pull apart.
He guides me toward the kitchen through the living room and I see Mrs. Hemmings at the counter next to a crock pot. She looks up in confusion and eyes me and Luke. I guess we're both blushing about what had happened.
"So what was that noise? I heard a thud, and you're face is red Luke. Yours too Alex. Everything okay?" she is so concerned about him it makes me laugh internally.
"No mum uh Alex fell and it was funny and uh yeah. Whatcha making?"
"Roast with carrots and potato's, something I'm trying new from Pinterest."
"Oh my mom does that too! Oh and thank you Mrs. Hemmings for letting me eat here."
"Honey you do not have to call me that, call me Liz." I'm so used to calling her that at school.
"Okay, thank you."
----------------------------------------
Luke P.O.V.
I can't believe that I fell on top of Alex, I'm such a fuck-up. It was funny but I felt butterflies in my stomach and it wasn't embarrassment, but something else. I still don't think I have feelings for her. Its been few weeks since she arrived and that we have been hanging out. The more I hang out with her the more I realize she is so shy and funny also talented but super smart.
"Luke?" Alex snaps me out of my thoughts and waves her hand in front of my face.