
Luke P.OV.
I never thought so many great things would happen to me. First Alex, then the band forming and now we have gigs every weekend. We even have a record company in the process of signing us! This whole month is insane but in a good way. School is almost over too, finally. Finals are coming up though so we're all studying like crazy. I know Alex is because I hardly see her after school since she's studying so much.
I'm proud that she takes her education seriously, but she can over work herself sometimes. Once I went to her house to see how she was doing since she wasn't texting me back after 2 hours and I was worried. So I showed up and in the living room I saw her books and notebooks all over the floor with a highlighter in her mouth, running around the room speaking about Chemistry or something.
So I made sure to close all the books and let her have some relaxing time, she was even shaking from all the stress. Which reminds me to call and make sure her brain isn't fried yet.
I dig my phone from my pocket and walk to the kitchen away from my books to call her. It rings three times and she picks up.
Hello?
Hey are you dead?
Uh Luke if I were dead I wouldn't have picked up.
Okay just checking! So want to go get food and study together for math?
Yes please! I suck at Algebra and I haven't eaten since my cup of coffee this morning.
Alex you need to eat, okay? I'll pick you up and be there in five minutes.
Okay thank you!
You're welcome
And I hang up. I grab the keys off the counter and run to find my converses at the door. I get in my car with two things on my mind; Alex and algebra.
----------------------------------
Alex P.O.V.
Luke is coming in five minutes and the house looks terrible. Go figure! I need to clean, but I need to study. Clean or study? Definitely study I mean finals are in two days! But mom is going to yell at me when she gets back from work soon and dad is on another business trip too. I can't think straight at all!
In the middle of my mind battling itself I hear the door bell ring and in walks Luke. I look up and see his face is in horror, I look around and see my papers everywhere, books sprawled along the coffee table.
"Luke I can explain, please don't freak!" I try to calm him of the mess I made. He just stares at me and closes the door at the same time.
"Alex, when was the last time you ate anything besides coffee?" I give him a questioning look, trying to remember when I actually had food. Nothing. I can't even process anything besides chemistry equations of chemical compounds.
"I uh actually don't remember, is that bad?"
"Yes it's bad! Alex you need to eat before you pass out and go into a fucking coma!" Caught off guard by him yelling, I flinch. I see the hurt and pain in his eyes and it starts to show on his face. I guess he saw how scared I was and comes to hug me, but I look away.
"Alex, look at me. I didn't mean to tell but you need to see something. Go look in the mirror and tell me what you see." I nod. A mirror is by the front door, in case I'm rushed and need to look at myself, and walk to it. I look up and see a sunken in face with dull green eyes. My hair is in a bun and looks dry and matted, I'm also paler than usual. The color in my skin is gone, and I can see my collar bones more than usual. I look at the rest of my body and see my arms are super thin to the bone and my legs are shaking, trying to hold me up. I then remember that it was about three days ago when I last ate real food, not just coffee to keep me awake to study.