
"Yeah! I would have texted or called but I don't have your number." Maybe I can get his and then I'll ask Trisha on Monday!
We exchange numbers and eat together at Panda Express, it's nice having company instead of shopping by yourself. We finish eating and head towards the stores in the back of the mall. We walk in silence but it's a comfortable silence, then Luke speaks up.
"Where are we going again?"
"Oh sorry! Um Barnes&Nobles if that's okay with you."
"Oh yeah okay cool. After ward I want to go into American Apparel if that's cool?"
"Yeah sure!"
We get to B&N finally after the trek through hoards of people, and into my home. I love book stores, the smell of a new books, the atmosphere is just perfect! Also Starbucks is here!
"Hey they have Starbucks in here!" I think he just read my mind. Next thing I know Luke grabs my hand and drags me to the counter to order. A brunette takes his order and mine as well, still holdings hand.
"Uh Luke?"
"Yeah?"
"You're still holding my hand." His face turns a light shade of red and slowly lets go. I giggle and he laughs with me.
"Sorry don't think I'm a weirdo."
"Nah it's cool." We get our coffee and I run off to my favorite section, teen fiction and romance. Sometimes I'll move to horror but not today. Luke looks around and tries to call out for me without being hushed by other people.
"Over here!" I whisper shout.
"I love how you just left me after I paid for your drink. Meanie head." He laughs at me.
"Sorry, I got excited."
"Over books?"
"YES BOOKS!" I said rather loud.
A few people hushed me and Luke, we giggle uncontrollably. I take a sip of my drink and search for anything new or something I want. Nothing really strikes my fancy at first, but I see Luke take a book from the shelf, Divergent.
"That's a good book, the rest suck though."
"You spoil everything don't you?"
"I didn't say what the book is about! But it's really good in my opinion. The movie wasn't that good though."
"See! You spoiler."
"Whatever!"
"I'll go look for something you probably haven't read, be right back." And he's off. That dork fish. He come back after a few minutes with Moby Dick.
"How about this?"
"Read it. Loved it."
"No way! This is huge! And looks boring as fuck."
"Don't say that! Okay I don't see anything I don't already have. American Apparel?" I ask as he nods. We leave and start to head in the direction when we bump into some girl Luke knows.
"Hey babe! How's my Lukey doing?" Some blonde prep girl asks him. Umm Lukey? He looks just as confused as me at this point.
"Umm Elizabeth, we aren't dating anymore. Leave me alone." He's agitated at this point. I am too, I just want to have a nice time with Luke.
"Is this your side bitch or what? She's not even that pretty! Look at me! I'm hot!" She so full of herself. I know I'm not pretty and I don't care.