
Alex P.O.V.
At first he was shocked but then he relaxed and reached for my cheek and kissed me back. It was my first kiss ever, and it was perfect. Our lips moved in sync and it felt as if time had stopped and everything bad was gone. Even the cool feeling of his lip ring was exhilarating. We pulled apart to breathe and I could feel that my face was a red as a fire truck. Though the smile on Luke's face was adorable, and of course he chewed his lip ring. We just stared at each other until Luke spoke up.
"S-so you k-kissed me." His stutter was cute and I just smile and nod.
"O-okay um so w-what does that m-make us? I'm just really confused and that was an amazing kiss and was it your first? I couldn't tell I was just wondering and-"
"Luke, calm down and yes it was." He nods and still has that goofy grin on his face. So what now? We kissed and now we're just staring at each other. Luke scratches the back of his neck and messes with his hair.
"So uh, what do you wanna do? Like it's really late and stuff." I ask Luke and I can see that he is tired. I am too but then Luke opens his mouth to speak but closes it and again messes with his hair.
"Luke, you okay?" I'm now concerned 'cause he kissed me and then he just sat there. I don't know what to do and I'm sure he doesn't either.
"Alex, I have a very important question to ask. I was thinking about it over and over making sure I won't say something stupid. "
"Okay, shoot. "
He takes a deep breath and runs his fingers through his hair, again.
"Alex Holland, you are literally the most beautiful person I've seen and that means inside and out. You're super smart and funny with the heart the size of your hair in the morning." -I laugh at his remark- "and you have no idea how long I've wanted to ask this. It's been about a month since I've known you and it feels like forever. You understand me and help me, and I plan to help you through all the hard times. So, will you be my girlfriend?" I am speechless. All I can do is walk over and wrap my arms around Luke's neck and kiss him. He snakes his arms around my waist and deepens the kiss, moving or lips in sync. I ring my fingers through his hair and tug at a strand a little, Luke moaning slightly. He bites my lower lip and I moan without realizing and we pull away to breathe.
"S-so that's a y-yes then." Luke's face is flushed but he just looks me in the eyes and smiles as I nod 'yes'.
And that goofy grin is back and I smile. My cheeks hurt from how much and how hard I've been smiling. But that's okay because I'm smiling, I'm happy. He's happy. We're happy.
Luke's P.O.V.
We stand in my room just smiling like fools at each other but I don't care. Im literally the happiest person ever. I'm happy. I never thought I would be this happy ever again but here I am with Alex, my girlfriend. God it feels good to call her that now. Everything is perfect. Just the way I needed it to be.
"So since its 12:24 according to my phone, we should go to bed." Alex proposes. I just groan thinking I'm not even tired. How would I be tired after 1. an amazing kiss and 2. I now have this beautiful person that is my girlfriend. Alex giggles at me and walks over to the door and leans in it.
"What are you doing?" She shushed me and held up her hand.
"I think someone's in the house. Maybe two people!" I could tell my face had concern written all over, so I run to the door and move Alex to the other side and run out the door. I sprint down the hall and into the living room to see mum with someone I never thought I'd see again.