
I wake up from my deep sleep to my mom shaking my shoulder. "Hmm?" I say barely waking up. "We are landing in five minutes Alex, start turning your phone off okay?" She says. I do as she says and once I'm done the pilot announces that it will be a little bumpy landing. Good thing I only drank water so I don't throw up like last time. We move towards the luggage pick up and grab our suit cases. Mine isn't that hard to find, it's abstract colors and shapes with stickers of the places I've been. It's pretty heavy at first but dad helps get it for me. It starts to get a little warm in my hoodie so I take it off and wrap it around my waist. I totally forgot I still had my pj shirt on, oops. I honestly don't care, most people at the airport look homeless or lawyers. I notice a sign in my right eye saying "Holland" being held by a driver. How nice of the company to send a driver for us! So far so good in Australia, better stay that way. Were loaded up and are leaving the airport and headed to the house. We pass fields of sheep and I saw a few people working in the fields. Also barns, must be the country side of Sydney. As we get closer, I see buildings getting bigger and bigger, then I see water. I zoned out a bit from being so tired from the plane ride, I look at my phone and see its the day of competition in North Carolina. Wait the time zone is messing with me! This is going to take a while to get used to. We come to a stop at a light, I look over to see the opera house in its glory. It's so beautiful! I take a quick snap of it before the light turns green and it's perfect! Wait, we're driving in the wrong side! No, it's different here, calm down. We drive a little longer and turn into a neighborhood with large houses. Like, HUGE! We go farther back and come to a stop in front of a white, 2 story house with a car port and pool. Nice curb appeal! It has blue shutters too and a fenced in backyard and bushes everywhere! Wait is a kangaroo going to jump over it? Will I see a kangaroo?! Can I have one as a pet? I lose train of thought but soon brought back by a honk of a truck, the moving truck. Right on time I guess. "Alex! Come on let's go in and pick your room!" Mom shouts. I hope a get bigger room than before. Mine was so small I could only fit my bed and dresser in it. We unlock the door and walk in to see a big open room with a stair case to right with a door way next to it. I slowly walk to the door frame and peek in, I see it look like a study or office, maybe for mom. I walk out and farther in the house to the dining room and kitchen. Holy granite counter tops! This kitchen looks like it's straight out of a Ikea magazine! A door next to the bar leads outside to the backyard, full of lush green grass and some flowers in the corner like a garden. A nice breeze is blowing and it's so peaceful out here, good to know for the future. I go back in and see furniture pile up the living room and kitchen. I escape the hustle and madness by going to pick my room and bathroom. I look to see a room opened and has some boxes in it, master bed and bath probably. I go farther down the hall way to see a door in the corner and open the door. Oh. My. Gosh. It's perfect! I claim this as my room! "Found my room!" I a nice to all who are downstairs. Dad walks up with one of my boxes and hands it to me. I set it near the place for my book shelf since its labeled "books." I look around my room and think of where to put everything. First my bed, most important. I'll put it up on the risen corner to the right since its big enough and had a railing, I'll put lights on it! The window shouldn't be covered so I'm good. Okay closet, how big is-OH MY GOSH ITS HUGE! A walk in closet for me?! My dresser could fit in here! I love this room so much. After a few hours everything is unloaded and the truck is gone. My boxes and furniture is in my room ready for me to set up and unpack. Mom is already done with the kitchen and her bathroom, dad has the living room furniture but not the tv yet. I think he's working on it now. "GOT IT! We now have television!" He shouts down stairs. Yay Netflix will be working soon! I hope I don't miss anything new with Doctor Who! Oh well I'll catch up soon. It's now 10:37 pm and dark outside. I finished my room and bathroom, thank God! Dad finished the back yard patio and living room, mom finished the kitchen and her room. All that's left is the guest bed room and bathroom and office! Wow we are a productive family. Now just have to get my school papers and get a car and job. Fun stuff. "PIZZA IS HERE!" Mom shouts whilst closing the door. Yay food! I'm starving! Home is where the pizza and wifi is, right?