
"You know she's right. You have a great voice, you play guitar and you have a lip ring. Bam, rockstar!" We just laugh and sit, talking and joking around. The 'end school' bell rings and we pile out into the parking lot. I turn the radio on and the volume up really loud. 'Shut Up and Dance' by Walk The Moon came on and Alex freaked out. Jumping and screaming the words she grabs my arms and tries to dance with me.
I said your holding back she said
"Shut up and dance with me!" Alex says perfectly with the music and we laugh together. We all are just hanging out in the parking lot and having fun, like before.
The lot starts to clear out and Alex left before me to clean and cook for her parents coming home tonight. Honestly I'm excited to see her happy with her parents again, plus they're really nice and her mom makes good food. As I pull into my driveway I notice the garage door is open.
"Hey what's going on?" I shout to mum and I see that Cal and Ash are helping clearing the garage. Boxes upon boxes are stacked everywhere and a rug is laid on the floor. I'm just confused and mum not explaining isn't helping either.
"Hey mate we are just helping your mum clean and stuff-look a drum set!" Ash explains. He's always been in love with drums, he plays and is really good and Cal plays guitar like me but prefers bass.
"What are we making a garage band or something?" I say joking but I think they mean something else.
"Uh no..."
"Cal? What's going on?" They all stop what they're doing and look at me.
"Luke mate, lets talk about this okay?"
-------------------
"So what do ya say? Wanna ask Mikey too?" Ash asks while Calum looks, waiting for my answer. They explained to me that starting a band would be great and that it's better than working at crappy places forever. It's true, I don't plan on going to university so this could work. But we'd have to start on the internet like YouTube or something.
"I like it and we can start on YouTube with Mikey too."
(Obviously Luke started this all but just roll with it please?)
The next half hour we called Michael over and we discussed it with my mum. She was all for it and would help us with school if needed. We even have a name; 5 Seconds Of Summer. Yeah I know kind weird but I like it. We have the instruments and we all can sing so this could be real. I just hope Alex is okay with it.
Alex's P.O.V.
I practically run around the house making sure everything is spotless. I called mom and dad when they landed and they said they should be here in 30 minutes. That was twenty minutes ago. I'm freaking out because they had a long flight and I'm sure they need a home cooked meal, but I'll have to go with fish fingers with Mac' and cheese. I didn't realize we had barely any food since I ate at Luke's or went out to eat.
I run to the kitchen and check on the pot to see if it's boiling and then dump the pasta in. I look and see the sauce is done and the ground beef has browned to perfection. Mom sure did teach me well. I check the garlic bread in the oven and it looks done and crispy. I hear a car outside and look through the window to see moms black Toyota parked next to my bug. Finally they're home!
I'm done preparing dinner and I move the finished product to the dining room and set it on the table for us to eat.