
Alex P.O.V.
It's been days, weeks even since the Andrew incident. Luke always texted me and asked if anything unusual happened, but really nothing did. Until Luke came barging into my house during dinner screaming and jumping around like a fool.
"Alex?! Alex I have news!" I quickly get up from the table worriedly looking for the source of sound. I run to the living room and see Luke panting and looking around until his blue eyes land on my green ones.
"Luke what happened? You're scaring me." My parents walk in as I hear them shuffling from the table. Luke walks over to me and hugs me so tight I can barely breathe.
"Luke. Can't. Breathe." He lets me go and smiles so big, but confusion still written all over my face.
"Andrew. The people in court or whatever called my mum and said that he's being sentenced to jail to life for murder and attempt of kidnap. I just had to come tell you right away." I was shocked. Andrew being put behind bars and not seeing him again forever?! My mom comes over to me and hugs me along with dad talking to Luke about something I can't hear. I only hear one thing; murder. Lisa. She will finally rest in peace knowing that he's in jail forever. All this drama is over.
Luke looks over at me and sees I'm stunned still, and hugs me. His grip is tight enough to say he never will lose me, and I'll never lose him. I snuggle into his chest more and breathe in his scent; wood and mint. He always smelled like that and I never understood why, but it calmed me down. I pull back and see that mom and dad are waiting for me to come back to dinner, then I look at Luke blushing.
"So uh sorry but I have to kick you out. You came in during dinner unless you want to stay?" I say but he shakes his head and kisses my forehead. He waves off saying goodbye to us and leaves to his car.
Luke P.O.V.
I drive home in a matter of minutes and run inside to hug mum, again. She's calling the lawyer guy about business stuff and court things I don't understand, and never will. I run to my room down the hall and call up Ashton. He picks up after a few rings.
Hey dude I heard what happened! About time!
I know but are we still having practice tomorrow at my house or what?
Yeah I'll remind Mikey and Cal tomorrow.
Awesome I'll see ya then.
Later.
Then he hung up. I finally didn't have to worry about Andrew anymore. It feels like this weight has been lifted off my shoulders and I can have a normal life now. Well besides the fact that the band is really doing good on YouTube. We even have a gig in the park coming up soon!
But I haven't told Alex yet. She doesn't know about the band and I told the guys not to tell her yet. I only want her to focus on school and her life so she can become the successful person she is. I don't want to tie her down, to be a burden on her.
Snapped from my thoughts I hear mum call me to dinner and I run down the hall with lightening speed, sorta. I see the pizza guy is here and mum pays him as I grab the boxes. I take them to the kitchen and open them to see pepperoni and Hawaiian on one and the other is plain cheese. I take a slice from each and sit at the bar to eat and talk with mum.
----------------------
*the next morning*
Saturday. Finally time to practice for our gig next week! I hear a car horn outside and look through the window in the family room to see Ashton's beat up car on the curb. I walk over to the door and outside to greet them all pulling out of the car.