
"My pleasure." we exchange smiles and I take a look at the menue and see numerous entrees and appetizers, where to start!
------------------------------------
"Okay first off I was 7! How was I suppossed to know it bites!" I cant keep in my laughter of Ashs turtle story and he was laughing so loud that people were staring at us. We already had way too much dessert so the sugar was getting to us and it was already 8:30 pm.
"How was everything? Ready for the check?" the waiter asked and smiled so cheesy it made me giggle. Ash hands him his credit card and he walks off. We finally settle down enough to catch our breathes and then stare. Just stare. He just smiles at me and of course I'm awkward and try to advert my eyes away.
"You look so lovely tonight." I turn and see Ash leaning his head in his chin, just smiling.
"Thanks Ash, and you look very handsome. " He did. He was wearing a tuxedo and it looked very fitted in him and it was great. His biceps showed through the white shirt and he even had a bow tie! Bow ties are cool. I was snapped out of my thoughts as the waiter came back with his card.
"Shall we be off?"
"Indeed Mr. Irwin."
-------------------
The drive back was silent but peaceful. The night lights were beautiful of course and I would hear an occasional sigh from Ash.
"What's wrong Ash?"
"Oh uh nothing just thinking to myself. "
"No tell me, pleeeease!" I drug or the last word like a little kid whining for something.
"Okay okay you got me! I was just thinking how great you are. You're beautiful and funny and sporty and just, perfect. So I'm going to be completely honest here okay?" Now I'm scared. Is he going to confess or something? I hope not because of my answer.
"I like you Alex, a lot. You just make me smile more and you're smart and I can have an actual conversation with you and it not be awkward. I think I love you, even." I. Am. Speechless. I knew this was coming but I don't want to break his heart and tell him well, this.
"I-I really don't want to say this but, Ash I'm flattered but I don't want to lose you as a friend. Please can we just be friends?" Here we go with the awkward 'oh'. Queue in 3...2...1...
"Okay yeah it's totally fine I mean I just met you so that's understandable." What!? He's actually being understanding!
"Thank you Ash for all of this I really do appreciate it. "
"No problem! Here we go, Holland residence. "
He opens the door and walks me to the door and stretches his arms forward for a hug. Yes no awkward kiss! I hug Ash and get inside and lock the door and watch Ashton drive off.
I head upstairs and plug my phone in and get undressed to take a shower. As I grab for a towel I see my calendar and notice I have school tomorrow. Ugh! Yeah the classes are easy but it's so tiring and tedious. I hop in the shower and take about 10 minutes and get out to head to bed. I hear my phone ring and see its Luke.
LUKE: Hey how was the date??
ME: It was good but he likes me...and I said no...uuggghh
LUKE: Dude calm down it's probably normal for you to have guys ask you out
ME: Suuuuure
LUKE: Really???? How many dates have you been on??