

Laylas POV
I woke up to the agrivating sound of my phone buzzing on my night stand. As I groan I look over at my clock it reads 10 am.
323-555-3525: hey! Long time no see? Me: who is this?
323-555-3525- it breaks my heart you don't remember your Virginia friend :(
Me: OMG Matthew?
323-555-3525: hey Kayla :)
Me: I miss you.
323-555-3525: look, I heard youve been looking for a place of your own, I thought you would like to spend some time with me and the guys in LA.
Me: are you serious?! I'd love to!!
323-555-3525: great! Its good you said that, because your ticket for your plane leaves at 5. Better pack!
Me: see you soon :)
5 hours to get ready?! Thanks. I'm looking forward to meeting Cameron and Nash in person..I haveny gotten to see Matthew in a long time. After him and his friends got famous he sorta took off.
I start packing my clothes, god I hardly have any after having to suddenly leave Virginia so this should be easy.
After about two hours of packing, I realized I hadn't showered for 2 days. Damn. I hopped in the shower and sang the song "Drunk In Love" by Beyoncé.
I dry my hair and style it by curling it, putting loose waves in my dark black hair. My hair falls down to about my bellybutton. I do casual makeup, black eyeliner on my water line, and shade parts of my outer eyelid with grey. I throw in a mickey mouse crop top and high wasted washed out ripped shorts and black converse.
I load my bags into my car into my car, and leave the motel. A long drive to the airport was extremely depressing. Leaving Virginia was extremely hard. I had to leave my dance team, though I don't miss it. Bad things happened there. I got to bring my best friend Kylee Vega. She has been there through everything.
When I got to the airport, I found my gate. I sat down looking forward to being alone but the airport was filled with girls. Teenage girls. I figured it was because there was a magcon event coming up next week.
As I boarded my plane for LA, California, so did about 20 other girls. It was a long plane ride of girls fantasizing over being "Cameron's girlfriend" or "making love with Nash". It was kinda funny.
I got off my plane, and waited for Matthew to come pick me up. After about 15 minutes of waiting, creeping on Instagram, I saw a sign that said Thompson. I followed the escort to a car with many girls and security guards around a black SUV. They took my bags and led me into the car. It was hard getting into the car, with all of the girls trying to grab me and trip me. Unfortunately, I fell into the car, on someones lap.
"Oh my god I'm so sorry." I apologize struggling to sit up. I hear chuckling and I hear an attractive deep masculine voice say "Its ok".
I look up and see the most attractive face I have seen in awhile. Light brown eyes, short spiked brown hair, and tan smooth skin. Cameron Dallas.