
I sat up and used the wall to help me stand up, but my legs hurt so much, they gave out.
"Here let me help"
He held out his hand for me to take but I pushed myself back up.
"My names Andy...whats yours?"
I looked at my feet and didn't answer. He put his hand on my shoulder and I flinched.
"Oh sorry"
I shook my head and picked up my backpack.
"Do you walk home?" I slowly nodded. "Can I walk with you?"
I shook my head and started to walk away.
"Ok then I'll see you tomorrow...right?"
I froze.
Why does he want to see me? Who would want to see me?
I sighed and kept walking. I didn't want to be rude but I had to. My dad wouldn't want me to hang out with people and I don't want to be around people. I walked out of school and to a bush behind school and grabbed my skateboard. I walked to the sidewalk and skated in the direction my house was in. 'I don't want to be here anymore.''I just want to end it all.'Kept ringing in my ears.
I turned the corner and stopped. I picked up my skateboard and walked up the stairs that led to the front door. I tossed my board in the bushes and I grabbed the door knob and sighed.
Please don't let him be here. Please.
I opened the door and was happy at what I saw. No one. I sighed of relief  and walked in and up the stairs to my room that was in the attic. It wasn't all that bad in the attic. I made it comfy. It's like a regular room with a more pointed roof. I decorated it with posters and signs I bought and I have white Christmas lights as my light source since there wasn't a lightbulb.
I sat my backpack down on my bed and laid on the window seat and cried, finally letting it all out. I cried until I heard a car pull up. I wiped my face and got up to close my door. I grabbed my backpack and pulled out my science homework and began. But I was scared whenvthe door slammed shut and my dad yelled my name. I sighed and walked out my room and into the living room.
"You come when I call you" He growled, back handing me. I grabbed my cheek and nodded.
"Now get in the kitchen and make me my usual"
I quickly walked into the kitchen and made him a bloody marry.
"WHATS TAKING SO LONG?!"
I quickly walked out and tripped over my own feet spilling the drink on the white carpet.
"YOU FUCKING BITCH WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU?!"
He stood up and kicked me in the gut countless times making me couch up blood.
"THATS WORSE THAN THE BLOODY MARRY!"
He knelt down and grabbed my face and punching it multiple times.
"CLEAN THIS UP AND MAKE ME ANOTHER!"
I nodded and slowly got up and went to the bathroom and got the cleaning supplies. It took me an hour but I got it out. I put the supplies away and quickly made another. I quickly and carefully walked over to him and handed it to him. He snatched it and drank it like it was water. He handed it to me and asked for another. I once again made another and he became hammered in no time. He gave me a sloppy smile and stood up.
"Let's have a little fun, huh?" He slurred. My eyes went huge and I started to back away.