
He started to laugh.
Then he did the unbelievable.
"Guess I gotta get a new shirt then." He said as he took off his shirt, revealing his abs and tan skin, and stood up in front of me. You could hear girls moaning and gasping for air everywhere. Even Edie and Skylan were in that category.
"You're welcome for the show." He bent down and whispered in my ear as he gave me his shirt. Reid was furious but walked out of the lunch room with him anyways.
Every girl came over to me and exclaimed "how lucky I was" or "that they wish that they could be me." I just sat there and let it happen as the teachers pulled them away to their seats. Edie and Skylan finally sat back down.
"You got his shirt!" Skylan yelled.
"So?"
"So, that means he probably likes you! He took of his shirt in front of you, tried to kiss ou, and whispered in your ear!" Edie exclaimed followed by Skylan with a small definently.
Soon, the cafeteria calmed down a little, but I knew that tomorrow, things would be up and crazy just the way they were today.
After lunch, I was approached by almost every girl with 2nd lunch that was a Junior. I got "How did you not kiss him?" 's and "Tucker likes you" 's.
The best one though was a girl from my Economics class saying, "I would trade life's with you if I could!" Over and over. Crazy.
I went into my Spanish class as the bell rang. After about 10 minutes of learning the conjugation of 'venir' and 'vivir', the loud speaker came on and the head of our a school made an annoucment. "Dylan McClain, please come to the office, Dylan McClain please come to the office." A loud 'ooohhh' erupted in the class room as I gathered my stuff and headed for the office.
Ugh, I knew I was gonna get in trouble for the whole Tucker incedent! Why couldnt he just leave me alone?
I walked in to surprisingly see my mom and the principal talking about her job. I camly came in like nothing ahd just happened at lunch as my mom started talking to me.
"Come on. We have a dentist appointment." I knew that when ever she said that, it was just an excuse to get me out of school so we could chill at home.
I quietly followed her as I noticed my phone wasn't in my pocket.
"Wait, I left my phone at lunch!" I said as I hurried out of the car and back into the school.
I found my phone in the hands of a now shirted Tucker as he was typing something in.
"What the hell are you doing!?" I said as he snapped his head up.
"Oh, hey there. You'll see!"
I snatched my phone out of his hands as I walked out.
"After I got a shirt from my gym locker, I went to class and then lied that I had to go to the bathroom and saw your phone here. You should really  put a password on that!" He laughed as I made a disgusted sound.
"See ya later babe!" He yelled to me.
I was so done with him!