
I walked in to hell other wise known as (insert elementary school name here). I was walking down the halls to go to my first class. Then suddenly I heard chanting start. I turned around and saw a group of kids pumping their fists in the air. I walked over and saw a pale, skinny, black and purple haired girl being beaten up by Jake and Vincent the two jerks of the school. I pushed past the inconsiderate fifth and fourth graders.
"HEY" I yelled.
They looked at me and smirked. They threw her down and started walking over to me.
"What you gonna do?" Vincent asked pushing my shoulder back.
"Hey what's going on here?!" Mr. Green asked grabbing Vincent's shoulder. All the kids quickly dispersed to their classes.
"Did you do that to her?" Mr. Green asked pulling Vincent and Jake to the office. I looked back at the beat up girl. I walked over and she slowly sat up.
"Hey are you ok?"
She looked up at me with fear in her eyes.
"Here let me help you to the nurses office"
She shook her head and stood up by herself. She tried to walk but fell.
"You obviously can't walk on your own...please let me help you"
She looked up at me and stood up again. I held my hand out and she hesitantly grabbed it. I wrapped my other arm around her waist and helped her to the nurses office.
"Nurse Stewart?"
"Right here" She said walking out the bathroom.
"Oh my god...dear what happened?"
She looked down and didn't answer. Nurse Stewart looked at me.
"What happened?"
"Vincent and Jake were beating her up"
"Those two trouble makers" she grimaced. She looked over at her.
"Please sit down dear"
I helped her over to the blue leather bed and Nurse Stewart told me to go back to class. I sighed and walked out.
"Are you Andy?" A lady with red hair and a black pantsuit asked stepping in front of me.
"Yeah"
"Do you know what happened in the hallway?"
"To the girl with Purple and black hair?" She nodded. "I walked in at the last of it"
"what was happening?"
"Vincent and Jake were beating her up"
"Ok thank you very much please go back to class"
I nodded and walked to math class which was the worst and the first class of the day. I walked in and was stared at by everyone.
"Glad you can join us Mr. Biersack" I nodded and went to my desk.
"Andy why were you late?" My best friend Chance asked.
"This girl got beat up by Jake And Vincent in the hall"
"Mr. Biersack please pay attention"
"Yes ma'am"
But I couldn't. The girl wouldn't leave my mind. I was so curious. I don't remember seeing her around school. Was she new? Why were Jake and Vincent hurting her? Why didn't she fight back? Why did she not want my help?
"Andy" Chance said and kicked my chair.