
"Dylan!" A random kid called out to me from the halls. I gave him a fake smile and nodded my head.
"Who was that?" My best friend Skylan asked. I shrugged my shoulders and gave her an I-dont-know kinda look.
Out of nowhere, Edie, my other best friend, walked up and linked arms with me.
"I am about to starve to death!" She yelled above all the noise of the school.
"I know!"
We unlinked arms and kept walking to our cafeteria for lunch. We sat down at our ugly brown table, the table we normally sat at, and started to unpack our lunches.
Skylan turned her head around. "Tucker looks hot today." She said as she took a bite out of her sand which.
We all turned our heads around towards the table behind us and watched as Tucker got up and walked to the water fountain.
"He's got a nice ass!" Edie yelled as she fake whistled.
I wasn't too crazy about Tucker Right, the most popular boy at our school, but all my friends and every girl I know was. Even the guys. They all wanted to be his friend. To have his dark brown hair and crystal blue eyes. To have the way he can talk to a girl and make her fall to her knees in less than a few seconds. Some of the guYs had even had their hair cut and dyed to match his.
I was cut off from my thoughts by Skylans voice. "How can you NOT like Tucker?" She was obviously talking to me because Edie and herself both were head over heels about him.
"I dunno. I just, don't." I replied as they gave me a look like I had just fallen from the sky.
We continued to eat our lunches as Reid made his way over to us and sat next to me.
"Hey doll." He said to me. Reid was Tuckers best friend and he had a crush on me since the third grade. I wasn't too crazy about him though. I wanted to take my bag of Doritos and shove it down hIs throat.
Edie straighted her shirt and poked her boobs out so maybe Reid would notice her.
"So, I was thinking. Wanna catch a movie with me tonight?" He had asked me the same question about 30 times before. He could tell my answer was no by the silence I gave him.
"Aww! Come on babe! We can get a seat at the back were we can make out!"
I pretended to gag as Skylan and Edie giggled. I laughed along as a strong hand gripped my shoulder.
"Reid stop!" I said as Edie and Skylan stopped laughing and got a weird look in their eyes.
"Last time I checked I'm not Reid." A deep voice said. Tucker.
"Aye, what's up man?" Reid asked as he got up from the table and they did that weird man hug thing.
"So, my bæ here don't wanna go the movies with me." Reid wined.
Tucker gave him a pouty face and sat next to me. He was inches away from my face. "Why not?" His eyes flickered from my lips to my eyes.
He closed his eyes and leaned in for a kiss as Skylan and Edie gasped.
"Aye man, get away from my girl!" Reid yelled at him.
Not knowing what else to do, I grabbed my Dr.Pepper and poured it over his head. The whole school looked at us and gasped and laughed.
"OH MY GOD!" Skylan yelled.
He continued to sit there with Dr. Pepper soaking through his T-shirt and dampening his hair down. He then opened his eyes showing that he was neither mad or upset.