
"Huh?"
"class is over"
I nodded and got my stuff together.
"You good man?"
"Yeah"
"You have that look again"
"What look?"
"That curious look...don't be putting your head were it doesn't belong again"
"I know, I know but dude that girl didn't even fight back"
"What are you gonna do about it?"
"I don't know I'm just curious"
"Man, curiosity and you don't mix well...don't get curious enough to get yourself hurt" I nodded and we separated to go to our next class.
Aurora's p.o.vThe nurse was checking and cleaning my injuries.
"Honey why did they do this to you?"
I shrugged.
"What is your name?"
I didn't answer.
"Honey please I need to know your name"
I sighed.
"Aurora" I whispered.
"What's your last name?"
"Riot"
"Ok honey I'm going to call your dad"
I hung my head and sighed. My dad won't and doesn't care. He'll make up some excuse and make me stay here until school ends.
"Hello is this Richard Riot?...Can I please speak to him?...Can I leave a message?...His daughter was bullied today and got hurt...ok thank you" And she hung up. "Honey if you want you can stay here till school ends and help me"
I shook my head and grabbed my backpack.
"Honey please be careful"
I nodded and walked out and the bell rung indicating it was third period. I sighed and went to my English class. The bell rung just as I stepped into class. All eyes were on me. Luckily my hair was in my face so no one could see what I looked like.
"Please take a seat" Mr. Makarthy said. I nodded and took my seat in the corner of back of the room. I sat down and grabbed my art journal. I opened it to last nights drawing and continued on it. It was a drawing of a girl standing up with her head down and a rope in her hands. Her arms were bleeding like crazy along with her legs and she was standing on a chair. I began to do some shading and fixed some details.
~End of the day~
The last bell of the day rung and every one hurried out of the classroom. I, on the other hand, didn't want to go home.
I slowly packed my things and made my way out of the classroom only to be stopped by Jake and Vincent.
"Where do you think your going?" Vincent asked with a smirk. I just stood there knowing that if I tried to run away they would make it worse for me.
"Hello I asked you a question! What are you deaf?" Vincent asked. I shook my head. He back handed me making me fall to the ground.
"Then answer me when I ask you a question!"
He kicked me in the stomach and thighs multiple times until he was stopped by someone pushing him to the ground.
"Hey" A familiar voice said. "You ok?"