
"In life, we have these moments where we just want to die because of a certain type of pain our hearts just can't take..." I briefly pause."And then after all that pain, all you have is emptiness and you're vulnerable, and you keep this sadness inside you, that is more painful than pain. The eternal silence will eventually end up killing. Who knew the feeling of emptiness can lead you to do so many things? You learn what fear really is even when there's no darkness, and in the end, even darkness shuts down, and the only hope of light is the one you have left in your eyes. But how can you have that light when it disappeared long ago?..." And in those words, my whole world became a blur. The last sound I heard was my heart slowly shattering and I was near death and all that was left for me was nothing but despair.---------------------------------------------
*One Year ago*
"All passengers boarding to New York, gate forty-seven, you may start boarding the plane." This is it, New York: One of the places I've never been to, now I will. Many people would fantasize about living in New York, considering it's one of the largest cities on earth. Everything about here is just (for lack of a better word) amazing. But the one con about this place is the night sky. There are no stars, which frustrates me.How will I deal with my emotions when I need to think about life or when I feel bad, without the stars? The stars which are drowned out by the vibrant lights of Manhattan. "You ready?" My dad asks as we approach our new home. "Yeah... I am." Unpacking is the worst, though sometimes we need a fresh start. After unpacking all of my clothes, I decided to go for a walk, to get to know the neighborhood: the streets. I grab my camera on the way out the door and tie my flannel shirt as I hurry my way down the hall to the elevator. I impatiently await for the opening of the elevator door for what seemed like ages until it finally opens. I push the lobby button and wait for the elevator to make its way down the stories. The elevator finally makes it to its destination and I'm able to walk out, across the lobby, and out the doors. I barely manage to make it halfway out the door without been stunned by the fascinating city.It's amazing how New York can leave you breathless. The beauty about this place is so indescribable, the majesty of the infrastructure, and the talent of the humble street performers. The sky is nearly blocked out by the tops of the buildings, and you can see people playing guitar or dancing or any other thing, on nearly every corner. I walk a few blocks down in the direction of Central Park and notice a building labeled 'Museum of Modern Art' and consider that I may visit it soon due to my love for art. I proceed walking down the busy sidewalks of the city to find myself in front of a small coffee shop. Realizing, that I've spent half an hour walking around, I decide to enter, make a line and buy myself a medium sized latte. I make my way across the room to a little spot in the corner, sit and take a sip of the hot (but not so hot) drink, in hope it will quench my thirst. "Mind if I join?" I hear a silvery voice speak next to me."Uh... Stranger danger" I jokingly say"Well, I wouldn't be a stranger if we talked" he says with a smile while taking a seat. I wait for him to initiate a conversation, and take another sip of the latte I was having, right before he interrupted. A small smirk crept upon his smile, but quickly left as he asked what my name was. "Summer" I say."That's a beautiful name, my name's Blake." He stretches out his arm and waits for me to shake his hand, which I do. "Nice to meet you Blake"I smile. At this, another smile arises in his face and he answers "Likewise, are you in nyc high?... Summer, was it? Sorry I'm terrible with names." "Actually, I'm transferring there." I respond, adjusting the cheap; plastic, not-so-comfortable seat. "Oh you're new." I nod softly and a bit shyly.He must have noticed this discomfort as he answered with a warm tone. "Welcome then, and congratulations you're not even in the school yet and you already made a friend" his smile returns but in a softer manner. I enjoyed seeing Blake smile, he had something about him that made me love his smile. He had light brown, nearly blonde hair, molded into a quiff-like style. Green eyes gave his face life, along with soft skin, that acne appears to never have touched. He had a soft voice, but one that was full of charm and had the appearance of representing a soft mannered soul. A soul that contrasted the rest in this brutal city. I realized I had dozed off thinking about his appearance when Blake brought me back to reality by waving his hands In front of me. "Sorry, thought you died" he laughs. "Yeah, it's okay" I laugh along. He chuckled a bit more until we had nothing else to say which turned into an awkward moment for both of us. "Well, it was nice meeting you Blake but unfortunately I have to go. See you around" I get up and start walking, leaving my half empty latte behind. I noticed him watch me walk away as I turned to leave which admittedly tore a smile from my cheeks. I started to walk slowly home and the slight discomfort for the lack of a beautiful night sky succeeded a bit, and seemed to be replaced by the universe hidden in his eyes and his smile. I dozed off and didn't notice myself walking as slowly as I was, until a man in a suit (middle aged with a bald head of hair) bumped up behind me and half shouted with a scowl on his face. "hurry it up pric!" I was quite stunned at this remark as this type of rudeness wasn't existent back in my old home. I said to myself under my breath. "Gotta' love New Yorkers." By this I was stunned back into reality and tried to keep the swift pace of the locals. I Briskly walked home at an uncomfortable, almost unsustainable pace, and feel relieved, as the rush of cold air coming from the building which I call my new home struck me at the opening of the front door introducing me back into a reception area.I thought to myself if I would ever get used to this rushed pace on the streets as I felt my calves ache a bit. My thoughts were scattered by the sudden 'ding!' of the elevator door, and I walked in at my usual pace, which seemed comfortable and much less stressful than that of this city. I pressed halfheartedly the button labeled '64' and waited as the elevator ascended through the building.I laughed a bit at remembering how anxious I was for the elevator to finally open today as I left. Now all I want is for the elevator to take me back, and I started to feel as if the ride was taking ages, with the slight pain in my legs as a soft reminder that all I wanted to do was lay down on my old bed, in my new room, of my new house. The elevator finally arrived and I heard the familiar 'ding!'. I had not noticed the bell before, most likely do to the fact that I was focused on my mixed emotions over this place. I didn't know what to feel, and I honestly still don't. For something though all those strange emotions of fear, excitement, and awe seemed to have subsided.I simply walked out of the elevator, still in my calm usual speed and advanced across the hall toward my new apartment. I walked in and left my camera on top of some boxes, realizing that I had taken no pictures. I layed down on my bed, which still had no covers or sheets, untied my flannel shirt and used it as a blanket, as I was too lazy to search through the boxes for an actual blanket. The strange soreness in my legs slowly lulled me to sleep, just before falling I chuckled softly and with my last bit of conscience thought about the irony of napping in the city that never sleeps.