
There hasn't been a second where I have stopped thinking about what Sam told me yesterday. His words just had such a powerful meaning to me. It's like watching a really mysterious movie where somebody committed a crime and everyone's losing their shit on who committed it. Well, at least that's how I've been feeling. I've been trying to figure out what he meant but I can't put my finger on it. Maybe he doesn't want me to figure out the real Sam, the one who's so strangely quiet; and so secretive.I decide to put the topic aside, and for some reason I start thinking about Blake. His green eyes, resembling the beauty of nature, and all its greatness. There was something about him that made me feel so divergent. Everytime I'm with him: I get this rush in my body and it feels good. As my mind keeps wandering off with different topics, I receive an anonymous phone call. For the sake of curiosity, I answer."Hello?" "Summer!" I recognize the voice immediately."Blake, how'd you get my number?" I whisper. "That's for me to know and you to find out." He simply replied. "Well in that case, what do you want?" "You, if you want a straight up answer" He chuckles softly, and I giggle along."Come take a walk with me, I'll show you a few things" I smirk slightly to myself and scoff "Why would I want to do that?" "Just meet me after school honey bunches" He laughs and hangs upI then go back to my thoughts of Sam, my mind wandering on the words of him. He somehow managed to get to me, even past the layers of Blake's eyes and such. He managed, with a few words, to make me overcome my attraction to Blake. He controlled my mind, for long moments. The thoughts of Blake fought long, and violently with those of Sam. They did so for my attention, as it seemingly had nowhere to go, it was lost in an abyss. It was lost, somewhere between the depths of one, and clear teal shallows of another.The school bell rung, scattering my thoughts, and sending them both into opposite oblivions.I depart from class, and somehow the rush of students doesn't seem to crowd me anymore. I nonchalantly walk towards the front of the school and see Megan and Blake together with two unfamiliar faces that look very alike; Twins. I approach them noticing Blake and Megan's closeness, and comfort with each other, I get slightly jealous but brush my emotions away. "Hey guys." "Hey" Blake and Megan both say in choir at the same time."This is Liv and Dylan" Blake tells me introducing me to the twins that were not less than 3 feet away. "Liv, Dylan, this is Summer" I smile at each of them and politely shake their hand. We all make small talk until everyone but me and Blake leave."So Mr. Popular, you ready to go?" "Of course my lady." With that remark (making no sense whatsoever), we head down to the nearest subway and make our way to wherever Blake was taking me.We get out the subway, and head up to some stair that led to the streets.We had Reached Time Square.Blake walks me around most of the stores while telling me some stories, that were somehow funny in a way, maybe just the fact that it was him telling them.My eyes land on one certain place, this sight letting out the child in me."Oh my god." I slap Blake in the arm while staring in awe at the store."What... Oh no.""Oh yes!" I say pulling him into the Disney store.We walk in, and I immediately run towards the princess dresses that are sorted out against the wall, but it wasn't long after I realized that nothing fit me.I turn around to find that Blake had disappeared somewhere in the store, but then reappeared holding a pair of fake glass slippers."Every maiden in the kingdom is to try on the glass slipper," He smiles and kneels down.He tries putting the shoe on me, but with no luck it didn't fit me. "Well I guess this means I'm not the one the Prince is looking for to marry." I frown."Or maybe this slipper is too small, but the prince is looking for you somewhere out there." He says while getting up.A smile immediately takes over my face as we just stare at each others eyes for what seemed like forever."How bout we try on the costumes, even if they don't fit." "Sounds like a plan." He says as we both lock arms and make our way to the fitting room while grabbing random dresses and costumes.Blake goes in to try on the Buzz light year costume, as he changes I pull out my phone from my pocket and start recording. "Are you done?!" I say out loud while laughing.Blake walks out the fitting room and as soon as he steps foot outside I start laughing hysterically. "Can you even breathe?" I'm able to say between laughs."I don't know. I feel numb." He laughs.We laugh a while longer until a lady approaches us looking angry.Damn someone got out of the wrong side of bed today."Sir I'm going to need you to please take that off." Blake and I kept laughing, ignoring the worker until we heard what seemed like something ripped."Uh oh" Blake says.He covers the ripped spot which seemed to be on his ass and his face turns into a pink color."Smile for the camera." I laugh.I turn to look at the worker who doesn't look angry anymore, but furious.The next thing we knew, we were getting kicked out and forced to pay for the damage.Blake and I leave the store laughing non-stop at what just happened."First time in Time Square and I've already been kicked out of a store." I say laughing. "Well, this won't be your last." He smiles.We both walk along the busy streets, brushing past people while looking into the store windows. Blake had suddenly stared off into the crowded people passing by us and was then headed into a different direction from where we were heading."Sorry, I uh forgot I have something to do." He says, rushing off.I'm left alone in a crowd of unfamiliar faces passing by me: having no clue of where I should go.I'm quickly relieved when I see a familiar face looking at me."Megan!" I say smiling."Was that Blake?" She asks as she approaches me."Oh yeah. How do you guys know each other?" I ask without thinking twice. "Well he's my boyfriend, why wouldn't I know him." She says in a serious tone.The happiness inside me was quickly covered by disappointment and sadness, just like the smile I had was suddenly gone. "Well he never really mentioned you guys were dating, sorry." I say in an awkward tone while tapping my fingers against each other. "Figures. Well I got to run." She says walking away until her figure was soon indistinguishable in the crowd.I was then again left alone by a second person today in the NYC crowd. I make my way towards the subway, where I swipe my Metro Card and wait for the next subway. Once it arrives, I get in followed by the many people of New York, and find a seat. The doors close as I too disappear into the city that never sleeps.