
"You have a little sister?" I ask.
"Yeah"
"I love kids!" It's true, I really do love kids. Ever since I was little I always wanted kids of my own, when I'm older obviously.
"I remember this one time, I was around four years old and my Mom and I were walking around the streets and there was this little homeless girl with an adult and I almost stole her because of how cute she was," I've only really told one person this story: Archie. Sam would now be the second, besides my mom.
"You were weird as a child, and still are," Sam laughs.
I laugh and walk into the Ice Cream shop letting go of Sam's hand. I look at all the different types of flavors and finally decide to get the red velvet flavor as Sam picks Cookies 'n Cream. I walk along the shop deciding to put some toppings in it since they offered many toppings to add into the ice cream. 'I'm such a mess' I say to myself as I add gummy bears, crushed peanuts, pieces of cheesecake, and to top it off, Nutella on top. 'Diabetes' I think to myself and can't help but let a slow giggle out. I look over to Sam who only put cream and a cherry on top of his Ice cream.
"You're Ice cream looks like it wants to run away from you since it's so plain," I joke.
"Well at least mine won't give me diabetes," he shoots back.
I dip my finger into my Ice cream and then wipe my finger across Sam's face, leaving him with an 'oh no you didn't face' before he does the same to me.
"SAM!" I say, taking out the delicious cream off my hair.
"You started it," he chuckles.
We head to the cashier where I was about to pay until Sam told the young girl (who seemed our age) to not take my money and that he was going to pay. After arguing, I finally let him pay.
"You guys seem like a cute couple," she says before giving Sam back his change.
"Oh no," I say
"We're not dating," Sam finishes off saying for me.
"Sorry, seemed like you were to me," the cashier apologizes before attending another client.
Sam and I look to each other and let out a small laugh before sitting down and eating our ice creams as if it was the last thing we would ever eat on earth. This is what happens when you don't eat earlier and starve throughout the day. We start talking about random things and how I would get to meet his sister Claire this weekend. Everything soon got quiet between us until Sam spoke once more.
"Summer?"
"Yes?" I ask as I finish my ice cream and put it down.
"I think I uh I'm starting to uh.." Before Sam can finish what he was about to say, the Ice cream shop door opens, distracting us from what was about to be told by Sam.
"Summer!"
"Blake?" Well, this is weird, how did he know I was here?
"How'd you know I was here?" I ask.
"That's for me to know," he says.
I look over to Sam who seemed uncomfortable and was shifting around in his chair staring at us.
"What do you want," I roll my eyes.
"Listen I can't bare the fact that you've been ignoring me. I broke up with Megan after that happened and all I can think about is not being with you. When we met I felt a connection between us and I can't let that go. I can't let you go because you're the only thing I think of now. Please Summer, just talk to me. A Prince needs his Princess after finding her and he can't afford to lose her once more."