
"Summer wake up"
"Just another five minutes," I manage to say before knocking back to sleep."Just as I was peacefully sleeping, I feel drenched in water and I immediately jump off the bed. "Told you to wake up, you left me no choice," I hear Archie say.
"What if I get sick," I playfully whine.
"Oh boohoo boo," he says sticking his tongue out.
"What time is it?"
"Five in the morning," he simply says like if it was normal.
"FIVE IN THE WHAT," I seem to yell
"Morning," he finishes off while smiling and walking away.
'I'm going to kill this kid' I say in my mind because I will one day. You can't just wake up a person so early for no reason. I usually wake up at Six to get ready. Well, maybe this time I can get breakfast or something since I always skip it. I make my way to the kitchen where I find Archie making some coffee. "Want some coffee, milady?"
"Eh," I say in a 'whatever' tone.
"What do you mean 'eh'"
"Ehh?" I reply back.
"Lord, Summer do you want coffee or not?" Archie says in an impatient tone.
"Eh"
"Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts coffee, anything?"
"I think I'll just have a regular coffee," I say, just to bother him.
"Oh my god you give me chest pain."
"Angina."
"What?""I give you angina," I repeat.
"You give me more than that," he responds.
"Well, I'm hungry."
"Let's go to McDonalds or something then," Archie says in a more calmed voice.
"Eh," god I love bothering him. What a beautiful friendship.
"Oh my goodness," he groans out, looking up at the ceiling all frustrated.
"I'm just messing with you, but no, not McDonald's"
"Then what?"
"Taco Bell, duh," I say, giving him an 'obviously' expression.
"Somebody baptize this girl," I hear him say.
"Alastor says no"
"Wait what"
"I said nothing," I say as if he didn't hear anything.
"I wish I had a bible to throw at you"
"What a sin," I shake my head.
"you're a sin," he scoffs.
"I'm a soulless person, I have no sole in my shoe," I laugh at what I just said because it's probably the worst joke on earth and I'm the one who ended up saying it.
"Please forgive her Lord," I hear Archie say as I head back to the room to change.
Once  I'm all done changing, I make my way to the bathroom where I start brushing my teeth and fixing my colorful hair. I wonder what people will think of my hair when I go to school. Speaking of school, what will Archie do while I'm gone?
I walk to the living room, noticing Archie is by the door waiting for me.
"Taco Bell is waiting," he says smiling while opening the door.