
I stare at Sam in a way that I never expected him to say all that. "Well, that was deep," I joke.
Sam smiles before walking ahead and looking at the other paintings. I grab my camera once more and ask a stranger that passed by to take a picture.
"SMILE!" I tell Sam with such a happy voice.
After the picture was taken, I got my camera, said 'thank you' to the stranger and viewed the picture. As I was looking at the picture, a man started talking to me in a stern voice.
"Ma'm no flash photography, it says it right there," I look up to see security talking to me.
"Sorry I didn't know"
"Well now you do," he says walking away. That was rude.
I hear Sam let out a small laugh before I hit him in the shoulder. "Ow, what was that for?"
"For laughing at me," I do a pouty face but end up making Sam laugh even more.
"You're so bad at that," he laughs.
"Oh shut up Sam, have a nice day being alone," I start walking away until I hear Sam cry out "Noooo, okay fine, I'll stop."
I smile and wait for him to catch up to me.
We walk around a little longer as we made fun of the paintings and pretty much everything here. I suddenly felt everything go in slow motion and I started to get a pain in my chest, but nobody seemed to notice, neither did Sam. Why was this happening? I start hearing distant voices echo through my head like the ones I heard the night I was going to sleep. The sound of a heart machine beeped through my ears and I covered my ears trying to block out the sound, but it didn't make any difference. The beeping quickly stopped and everything around me started moving fast again.
"So now what?" Sam asks.
"I honestly don't know," I say thinking, brushing away at what just happened to me off my mind. "OOhhh I know what," I add, grabbing his arm and running towards the exit of the museum.
"No running!" I hear the same security guard say.
I stop running and just walk really fast while laughing. I've been laughing too much lately. Especially with Sam. We've become so close these past few days and to me it's not just about getting to know what happened to him before I moved here, now I actually enjoy being with him a lot. He's actually quite funny, but he doesn't notice when he is.
"So where are we going again?" Sam says, interrupting my thoughts.
"You'll see"
"You get lost going to Taco Bell, how am I supposed to believe you won't get lost now," he jokes.
I stop and stare at him, "Shut up and just trust me."
Sam didn't say anything else. I felt his arm leave my grip but then found it's way back to my hands. I looked down at our now intertwined fingers. I don't know how I felt about this to be honest, but it wasn't a bad feeling either. It was just a friendly gesture right?
After walking around the streets, I finally found the place I was looking for and stopped right in front.
"Ice Cream really? You remind me of my little sister," he smiles.