
"Oh, Blake. I mean it's fine, yeah," he says looking away.
"Okay, good. I didn't want you to be upset at me or anything," I quickly hug him and start walking away towards Blake who was heading towards me. I hear Sam say something but I couldn't hear him since I was getting further and further away by the second. Before I reach Blake, Konnor suddenly appears in front of me.
"Hey Sum," he smiles.
"He-," before I could say anything, Blake starts talking.
"She's with me, go find someone else," he grabs my hand and starts walking away.
"Text me if anything," I say looking back at Konnor.
"No she won't," Blake says.
"What was that for?"
"He was going to hit on you"
"Let the poor guy dream," I let out a small laugh. Aw he was jealous.
"He can dream, but not of you," he looks down at me. I don't say anything else after that and just rest my head against his arm as we walk.
As we walked, I made eye contact with Megan for a split second and she seemed like she wanted to rip my head off. Should I be with Blake? I mean, Megan was the first person I actually met in school and she was so nice and now I'm doing this to her when they dated? 'Who cares she'll get over it my inner thoughts say.
"So what do you want to do today?" Blake asks, which makes me forget about what I was thinking.
"I was actually hoping you had something planned"
"How about the park?"
"I'm up for it, but shouldn't we have others to go with us so we could be a group?" I felt like both Blake and I would be bored quickly if it was only us two.
"Whatever you say princess"
After Blake says that, I quickly grab my phone and text Sam telling him to come with us. I soon got a reply from him saying that he'd meet us there. I see Juliette and Lyla not that far from us and walk over to them.
"Let's go to the park"
Juliette and Lyla look at each other "It wasn't a question," I say with a serious face.
They both look at each other again before laughing.
"Enough of the begging, we'll go don't worry," Lyla says, jokingly.
"Text us which park," Juliette says, giving me her number.
I head back to Blake who was now talking with twins. Liv and Dylan I believe.
"Summer, right?" One of them ask.
"Yes"
"I'm Dylan and this is Liv," she introduces herself and points to her more different looking twin. It's funny how Dylan has a more girly look and Liv has a more --unique-- look.
"So are you guys coming with us?"
"Yeah, Blake called us here for that," Dylan says.
"Well good, I invited Juliette and Lyla," I tell them.
After talking for another while, we all started heading out and I texted Juliette the name of the park we were heading to.
It wasn't that far from school so we all just walked there and soon Juliette, Lyla, and Sam got there.