
I notice a faint sense which draws me to rouse. Hard to distinguish at first, as I remain still not fully awake. I slowly open my eyes, blinking a few times; each time opening my eyes a bit wider than before. "Bacon?" I manage to say in a bit of a groan. I get dressed with some torn jeans, a Nirvana T-shirt, and a blue and black flannel shirt. Slowly I trudge through the hall from my bedroom to the bathroom. I ready myself a bit, not too thoroughly, I follow the scent. This scent leads me to the kitchen and I see my father in front if the stove with a frying pan. He cooks bacon and eggs."Bacon?" I repeat but livelier and more awake this second time.He laughs softly and responds "I knew you would be up soon, its five-o'clock baby."I smile and rub my eyes a little, the realization that I still had at least forty-five more minutes of sleep had made me sleepy again. "Since when do you make me breakfast?" "Well baby, you survived your first week. I think it's a special occasion." He smiles and serves each of us two eggs and some strips of bacon. We laugh together in a way we haven't in a long time. "So is this daddy-daughter time supposed to keep me from rebelling and moving back home with Archie?" I smirk and look at him expecting a lecture on why that would be a bad thing. "Shut up Winter" My dad laughs; pure, rich laugh. I have never seen him laugh this way, since what happened to mom. He was making fun of my name (in a loving sense of course.) He seemed happy.I smile and giggled along a little, I missed my dad. He never seizing u to be there, but only physically. I suddenly realized I had spent a whole week in New York and I only knew three other people. My whole social life consists of my dad, Megan, the cute boy I met at a coffee shop, and Liv. I forget his name, I had only seen him a few times after that day, In the halls or after school; our communication limited to a simple hello, or hi. I noticed myself smiling at the thought of him, only after the questioning of my dad. I shook my head at him and continued eating, interrupting my thoughts. I hate this feeling, it makes me feel weak and powerless. The voice inside my head scoffs at me "As if he would like the awkward new girl, she can't dance, can't flirt, she can't even make eye contact with people without shutting down a little" I found myself thinking, speaking within my mind, strangely in third person. I finish eating and whisper "bye bye daddy" in the way I used to when I was little. I saw the sweetest smile take control of his face and he whispers back softly. "Bye bye baby." I walk down the hall and press the button to the same elevator I always took, and as always, it takes seemingly hours. I enter slowly and press the ground button carelessly, accidentally pressing the second floor button as well. "Fuck" I whisper to myself and cover my mouth in reaction. I should stop cursing this much, it doesn't look pretty. I can feel the descent in the pit of my stomach and I stop twice before reaching the second story. Busy day; it must be, or maybe just the time. I slip out of the tiny elevator that has slowly crowded from each of the previous stops. Leaving the house this early seems odd, the sky is still mostly dark. And the streets have an eerie feel to them, they are still just as busy, but different. I decide to walk to school, as I have the time to kill. I make my way through the city, passing by that art museum. I glance at it, but not giving it much mind. Upon entering the gates of school and walking through the front door, I realize I'm still about ten minutes early. As I'm walking I feel a hand press against my arm and grab me. Whoever it was, it seems to them that it's fun to cover my eyes and take me to a different direction from which I was walking."I know Kung Fu!" I say as I quickly get myself out of the persons grip and make a weird self-defense (not really) position. "And I know... I-I-I know Blake Fu. Ha! Beat that." "Oh please, stop embarrassing yourself" I say. "So where were you taking me?" I ask with curiosity."Just wait and see" he says.He starts walking towards an unknown direction and waves his hand for me to follow him. We make our way to the other side of the school, and he starts climbing a dirty, rusty ladder."Well, are you coming?" He asks, noticing I'm not following. "I'm not going to rape you" he jokingly adds. "The world may never know" I chuckle. I decide to trust him and follow him. We reach the roof of the school and I awkwardly stand there for a few minutes, until I decide to break the silence that was between us. "So what are we here for again?" I ask."Just shut up and watch." He responds.I notice how the dark night that shadowed the sky fades away, and is taken over by rays of light as the sun peeked its way out until it was in full sight. I stare in awe at the beautiful sight that was right before my eyes, until Blake's voice interrupts my thoughts and takes over my mind."It's beautiful right?" "Yeah... It is" I say."You know what else is beautiful?" He asks looking at me."Please don't say me because that would be so cheesy" I say laughing."Well damn" he laughs along."This is nice" I say feeling relaxed."Yeah, it is" he says looking at me.A smile rose from my mouth as my cheeks flushed with bright cherry red.The bell rings in sign that it was time to go to our first period class and we both realize we've been there for over an hour. We get up and climb down the ladders and walk towards the main entrance of the school. "I want to present you to someone" Blake says."And that would be?" I ask "Sam" he says. "My best friend" he adds."Awe you have friends" I say with a cheesy smile. "Says the awkward a girl who has like three friends" he remarks back."Nice one." I notice the more I seem to hang out with Blake, the more comfortable I seem to get around him. I get these strange feelings everytime our eyes meet, and they feel good. Maybe I'm going crazy, or maybe it's just that I've been slowly developing feelings for a person I've only know for a week.My thoughts are interrupted when I realize Blake has been trying to catch my attention for the past five minutes. "Huh, what?" "This is Sam." He says, moving his body out the way, revealing the person behind him. "Summer" I smile "Sam" he faintly says. Sam is really distant, with relation to the world by the way I've seen him act so far. I look at his features noticing he had these pure perfect brown eyes, but they didn't glisten. It was like there was just no hope left in him. It isn't my place to judge people though, maybe one day I'll truly know who Sam is. "Well I better get to class, don't want to be late again" Blake says leaving me and Sam behind.I watched as Blake's figure walked away until it vanished into the crowd. I was able to make out to word "Hi" to Sam and try to make small talk but the only thing that he managed to do was a small smile. "Not much of a talker I guess" I say.I notice Sam nod 'no' and start walking towards what seemed to be his class and mine. Huh? I never noticed him. Maybe it was because he was so quiet."I hate history, but it's not like I have a choice." The voice within me says.After several hours and gross lunch food, the school day finally ends. I walk out the school doors in search for a familiar face in hope I won't have to walk around alone. I quickly notice Sam walking around, all alone, so I join in next to him and decide to try and start a simple conversation."Hey." I smile."Hi." He says timidly.I quickly think of what to say until Sam interrupts my thoughts, which isn't bad because I honestly did not know what to say. "You're shoelaces are untied" He points out.'And to think he would've said something interesting' says my inner voice. "Thanks." I lightly smile and get down to tie them. After I'm all done, I get back up and realize Sam was already ten feet away from me. Rude, he didn't even wait. I speed up to catch up to him, which leads me to trip on the process. Great!Just before my body failed me and fell, I was quickly helped by Sam. "Thank you." I say dramatically putting my hand over my heart breathing heavily. "No problem." he smiles softly."How come you don't talk much?" I curiously ask."I like to keep things to myself." He says, starting to walk again."How come?" "You ask too much." He says looking at me. "Well, I'm a curious person." I smirk. "So answer my question." I add."I just don't like being open about my life, the world is..." He pauses and thinks for a moment, "It's complicated." He finishes saying and looks away."What if the world offers you something great and you just turn it down? Wouldn't that be stupid?" I ask.Sam thinks of my question for a while and finally answers. "Sometimes the world may seem like a fairytale; it's actually a battle in which we fight to survive, and I prefer to be like a hidden sniper, than being in the front lines." I feel the talk take a more serious turn... Well whatever this was, this sort of communication that I just can't name. It's like he was opening parts of himself that no one knew up to me, a total stranger. I felt the need to ask him why he would tell me something like this. It seemed so personal, even if he didn't actually tell me what the battle was composed of; what the sides were fighting for, he still admitted the fact that there was a battle going on. Could he be warning me? Maybe, trying to save me from being let down in this city with an empty sky. I wonder what he has been through in the past, or what he is even going through now. "It was nice meeting you Sam, but i have to go home, my dad hates it when I get there late." I smile at him and pick my pace up a little leaving him behind.To my surprise he smiles back and he nods timidly. "Good bye Summer" I hear him say in a barely audible voice.I spent the walk home thinking about this lonely sniper, and his cold, sore eyes. Trained to take down all enemies in sight, some of which (to my impression) may have even been of his friendly side, or of within himself. He must have had trouble killing off these closer threats, as they tend to leave more scars than the threats on the other side of the war.It's hard to kill someone when they stand beside you, or even behind your gun; much harder than it is to kill someone directly in front of your barrel. On the easier case (when they are directly in front of you) all you must do is adjust your aim to their vulnerabilities and press your finger on the trigger. On the other hand however, one must change their own stance, taking enemy sides for a moment, and when you are fighting versus your own side, your finger tends to fail. Even once you worked up the courage to push the trigger. Click! Your weapon fails you, as if it had gotten trenched in the harsh pouring rain, which keeps you from precipitating that rain which links you to your kin. Only the first rain is production from your own mind and conscience. The second rain; a vehicle for the devil to call its sound.