
"I know sorry isn't enough but just let me explain," Blake says, whispering it at the end.
This is so embarrassing. "No, sorry isn't enough. You had let me on and you can't deny it because you know you did" I stop to look at Megan. I breathe in heavily, continuing to read what I had written "Stick all your 'Sorry's' up your damn ass and stop talking to me." I hear the class 'Ooo' for a moment as if Blake and I were having a battle. I mentally scoff, and maybe even laugh a little at how childish that was.
"Okay I know my sorry's won't do anything but if you stop whining you would listen. I dumped Megan yesterday but guess what? I don't regret it. I rather have you than her bossy ass anytime."
After Blake finished reading the note, everyone turns to the door which was now wide open as Megan was running out the classroom. I feel like shit for being part of this conversation. Megan probably hates me; with the same passion and anger I did Blake just a few minutes ago.
I too run out of the classroom, in pursuit of Megan. I can't exactly blame her nor expect her to act any other way, it's pretty typical for a girl to go and run into the bathroom crying if something like this happened, so I went in. To no surprise, she was there, crying inside one of the stalls.
"Megan? Please come out," Wow I'm bad at trying to comfort someone, I try not to laugh at myself because I realize that would be horribly rude to her, for me to laugh in this moment.
I hear her sniffle before opening the stall doors. 'Good, at least she's out.That's something, right?'
"Listen I'm sorry-" before I could even finish what I was going to say, I feel a sharp sting on my face. 'Did this bitch just slap me?!'
I decide to try to ignore the fact that she just slapped me, and with all of my soul draw myself to keep my exterior calm. I'm a pacifist; and in a dreary and tiring mood today, god this bitch is lucky.
"Okay look-" I feel her hand hit my face once more and okay maybe at this point I'm not a pacifist anymore and regret saying that because without thinking, I knee her in the stomach
which makes her fall to the floor.
"You're a bitch you know that," she says getting up.
Right when she was going to swing, and I actually mean swing with her damn fist. I catch her hand before it can come in contact with my face. Her face showed a surprised expression. "Fast reflexes, bitch" I almost laugh at how stupid that sounds.
Without wanting any trouble, I start walking out the bathroom. "Stay away from Blake," I hear her exclaim as I walk out. Oh, this girl is something. How can people fight over someone?
"Summer are you okay?" I hear a voice say ahead of me.
"Yeah, why?" I say looking up to see who was talking to me. Sam. He's so quiet and gentle. I should've been hanging with him rather than with Blake.
"Because half your face is red and it looks like there's going to be a bruise sometime soon," he points out.
"Oh, that. Don't worry about it." I say, starting to walk away so he wouldn't keep questioning me.
I feel Sam grab my arm and start pulling me the direction where he was heading before bumping into me. "Where are we going," I say trying to release myself from his grip.
"A magical world called the clinic"
Ugh. "Do they at least have lollipops or something, cause I'm hungry"
"Shut up and walk," he half smiles.
We enter the clinic, which surprisingly wasn't bad looking considering the way public schools are.