
The next day I was back in school, but my thoughts focused on the kiss Blake and I shared. If Megan found out, she'd beat the shit out of me. 'Nah' I think to myself and keep walking.
I haven't seen Blake the entire day: only Sam who surprisingly didn't talk to me perhaps I did something. 'Meh maybe I'll ask him later.' I scoff as I lazily answer to myself.
"Hey beautiful," I hear Blake say from behind as he pins me to the wall and presses his lips to mine.
"Hey," I smile.
"So I was thinking that I should take you out somewhere nice this weekend"
"I'd like that," I say. I was quickly reminded that I was supposed to meet Sam's little sister this weekend. Shit. Maybe I'll talk to Sam so we can move that to another day, he'll understand, right?
"I'll see you after class," Blake says after kissing my cheek and heading to class.
I felt my cheeks get hot after he kissed them.
"Well someones blushing," I hear a voice say. I turn to see Juliette with another girl.
"No I'm not," I look down.
"Then why are you hiding your face"
"Shut up," I say looking up.
Was I really blushing? Blake deserves an award, no one has ever made me blush.
"This is Lyla," Juliette says introducing her friend.
"Hi, I'm Summer," I tell her while smiling.
"Lyla," she smiles.
"Aww now we can be three amigos," Juliette says, pulling us both into a tight hug.
"I don't like hugs," I manage to say.
"Somewhere out there in the world, a hug just said 'and I don't like you'" Juliette says, which actually made us all laugh. It's nice to finally hang out with girls, since Megan was the only girl I really knew. Speaking of the devil, I notice Megan walk past me giving me a dirty look. I ignore her and turn back to Juliette and Lyla.
"So I'm guessing she doesn't like you," Lyla says.
"It's complicated.
We kept walking until I noticed Juliette feeling uncomfortable so I stopped where I was and asked "What's wrong?"
"Nothing why?"
"Well for starters, you look very uncomfortable," I point out.
"It's her ex. He keeps staring at her and texting her that he wants her back," Lyla says.
I turn to look at who they were speaking of --her ex--. "Hey! You!" I was getting other looks but who cares.
"Yes you," He looks at me.
"Why don't you turn you're ugly racoon looking fuckass around and stop staring at her" I turn back around to Juliette and Lyla who were now laughing.
"We'll be good friends," Juliette says.
After that, the bell rang and we all went our separate ways to class. It wasn't that long before the school bell rang again, indicating the end the school day. I rushed out of class so I wouldn't be pushed around in the sea of the hallways. When I made it out, I noticed Sam walking out of the building and I quickly walked to him.
"Hey, so change of plans"
"You can't make it can you?" He seemed disappointed, but why?
"Nope, I'm so sorry. It's just that Blake wants to take me on a date and I couldn't say no"