
"Alright, class-" I tune out the teacher's voice and stared right at Blake who was now heading in my direction, and guess what? --Right after he comes in, Megan walks in; but she doesn't seem as cheery, nor childlike and girly as she would usually be-- but I'm not going to get into that now.
I realize at that moment where Blake was heading to was the empty chair next to me. 'Great' I say to myself. "You want to share something, Summer?"
"Huh?" I say empty of emotion and roll my eyes in the other direction.
Within the walls of my mind I write nearly novels of words I would love to hurl at him. Though I refrain effectively --no matter how strong my urge is-- from doing so. I keep my gaze steadily away from him, as a child to afraid to look within her or his monster infested closet: only happens to be so in the dark. But fear was certainly not the emotion I was feeling, it was hatred. It was a rich, pure hatred. Kindled within the unwelcoming fireplace encased in petrol that was nurtured within me by none other than himself.
I felt stupid for feeling so strongly, after all I have known him for less than even a month. But nonetheless I did, like a child I did. I scoff at myself and feel him glance at me once I do so.
The teacher ignores us and heads back to the lecture, while I am still processing the fact that Blake will now be sitting next to mine other than myself. Can this day get any more groan worthy? Cut me a little slack here world. Allah, Buddha, Jesus, help me. Just cut it down.
As I finally decide that I should actually be useful in the universe at this moment and start working, I feel a piece of paper slide next to me. Obviously, with curiosity, a normal person would open it to read it (okay maybe I'm not normal) but I did.
"I'm sorry" It read. I look to my side where Blake was sitting, staring at me with sorry eyes. Ugh, why does he do this?
"Save it." I write beneath of what his sorry ass wrote.
I give it back, watching out for the teacher who I hope doesn't notice and in a few minutes, I feel the paper by my side once more.
"I know sorry isn't enough but just let me explain" Should I even bother writing back? I guess I do " No, sorry isn't enough. You had let me on and you can't deny it because you know you did. Stick all your 'Sorry's' up your damn ass and stop talking to me." I hand it back once again and unsurprisingly, the note was next to me in no time.
"Okay I know my sorry's won't do anything but if you stop whining you would listen. I dumped Megan yesterday but guess what? I don't regret it. I rather have you than her bossy ass anytime." Should I feel relieved or mad at the fact that he just broke up with someone for me?
Before I could answer my own question I feel the note be snatched out of my hands. I look up to see my teacher holding it, great. "Blake, Summer, mind letting us join your conversation?" I stare up at him and think how ironic my question is answered when I have a good moment, a confusing mix of good and frustrating, but good nonetheless. 'Yes, today can get worse'
"Well, what are you waiting for? Get up and read it" He says in a more stern voice at the end.
Blake and I stand up and, of course, everyone's eyes are on us. Chismosos.
The teacher hands the note to Blake, who then starts reading it out loud because of the teachers piercing eyes staring into Blake's soul. (Okay maybe I exaggerated, but most of us have been there before and we pretty much describe it like that.)
"I'm sorry," He says handing it to me.
"Save it," I say exhaling fairly loudly and handing the note back.