
As I got home, I was greeted by the smell of cigarette smoke that filled my lungs and stung like a thousand knives in my throat.
God, not again.
"Dad?" I manage to cough out.
"Summer! Come here!" he slurs.
This will not end well.
"How many bottles have you drank?"
"Don't worry about that!" he laughs out.
I approach him, grabbing him by the arm carefully; with a gentle grip.
"You're such a good girl did you know that?"
"Yeah" I lightly, yet in an in genuine; tired voice say.
I motion my dad to his room, laying him on his bed so he'll go to sleep.
I leave the room, closing his door and head to my room.
"Who the fuck does he think he is!?" I swallow hard and throw purse onto the mirror, closing the door and finally let out my anger.
At this, I sit on the ground of my finally unpacked room and scoff at myself, how was it not more obvious to me, she's always around him.
"I need a bath" I press my tongue into my cheek and roll my eyes at this entire situation, and lazily stand after a while of just sitting there (admittedly crying). As I stand I begin to strip on the way to the bathroom, at once I turn the faucet to hot and wait as the tub fills.
I strip completely and drop all of my clothing carelessly on the ground and look at myself in the mirror. As I waited for the water I began removing my makeup. I laughed softly and half-heartedly at myself and look down at my legs "I shaved for him."
At this I turn around and get slowly in the water, I thought about getting some bubble bath. It is in the counter, honestly much too far for my state right now.
He's such an asshole, I found the war within my head being won by Blake. However not in the way he would want. How could he be best friends with Sam? Sam is so gentle, so thoughtful. Blake, on the other hand, who does he think he is?
I struggle to find the right words to describe him, as I try to figure him out; though after a while I give in to the soothing feel of the water and the comforting thought about Sam and his little soldier. I wish I had never spoken, but a syllable to Blake, and all I wanted to think about was Sam and then comes Archie to me.
Oh, Archie, I hadn't spoken to him in a while, I miss him so much: he hasn't texted. Maybe he waits for me to do so before him.
I reach for my phone which was farther than what I could reach but still managed to get it. I unlock it and scroll through my contacts until I find the name I was looking for.
"Archie?"
An hour had passed and Archie and I were still on the phone catching up with each other, but the conversation ended soon after he remembered he had to do something and I too had to do something; get out of the bath before I get all wrinkled.
"Well Goodbye," I said in a not-so-happy voice.
It's hard to not hear the voice of someone you care about for a long time, especially when you haven't seen them.
Archie wasn't just a friend, he was my best friend. The Go-to person every time I had a situation. The person who would listen to me for hours and be there for me. The person who cared about me and let me crash at his house when there was a drunk father in my living room. Archie lit up the room when he walked in somewhere. He was well known back where I used to live. Even in a bad situation, he made the good out of them. Anybody who was his friend was lucky to have him. It's hard to let go of such a good person after there's not as many left in the world. Some people just take them for granted and then at the end, when they leave, they have regrets.