
"Did something happen again, Sam?" I hear the clinic lady ask.
"No, not this time," he responds. What's he talking about? I give him a questioning look, but he just ignores it. "I'm actually here bringing her."
"What seems to be the problem?" The clinic lady asks turning to me.
"I hit a wall," I say quickly without thinking.
"You hit it sideways?"
"Yes?" I more of ask then say.
"Name?" she asks too much.
"Summer Brennan"
I wait with Sam as the clinic lady finishes typing whatever she was typing in the computer. "Here, press this against your cheek for a few minutes, it'll reduce some of the swelling that was probably going to start happening."
I grab the ice pack she was holding out for me and say thank you as I take a seat on the room next to the clinic.
"Can I stay?" I hear Sam ask.
"Sure, as long as you go back to class." How is he so respected?
"Will do."
I see Sam walk to where I was and grab a napkin; walking towards me afterward and take the ice pack out of my grip.
"Hey, I need that you know" I frown.
Sam doesn't say anything. I watch him fold the napkin around the ice pack and then places it on my cheek. Well, what a beautiful way to start a trusting friendship.
"I can do it myself you know," I point out.
"I know," he smiles
He stays there holding the ice pack as we both stare at each other in awkward, but not dreadful silence.
"What did she mean by something happening again?" I break the steady cloud of a silence above the room.
"Don't worry about it," he turns away.
I playfully punch him in the arm "C'mon, you can tell me. We're amigos."
Sam doesn't answer back at me and I took it as a hint to shut up. 'Which I should mostly do, but I can't help wanting to know, it's my very nature. It's like telling your vagina to not bleed for once, but it's the nature of girls to bleed and not die. I don't know why I just compared both things, but It's the type of thing I'd say.'
"Sorry for asking."
"No, it's okay."
Bleak silence, again.
I hear the clinic door open and I turn to reveal who just opened it. Konnor. I hear him talking before walking to where Sam and I were.
"Hey," I say, trying to not move the ice pack.
"Oh hey," he smiles.
"So what happened to you," I say more than ask.
"Paper cut." I can't help but laugh at the fact he's here for just a paper cut. "It was the manly thing to do," he adds.
"Yeah sure," I keep laughing.
I feel the Ice pack leave my face and be placed in my hands. "Leaving already?" I ask Sam.
"Yeah I um I forgot I had work to do," he says leaving the clinic without a goodbye.
"So what happened to you?" Konnor asks.