
"I'm surprised I haven't scared the place away," I laugh.
I grab my bag which was by the door and head out, out to the hall and to the elevator.The elevator doors open and Archie and I walk in and wait patiently for the elevator to reach down. As we wait, I start feeling dizzy and experience Deja Vu --about just everything and nothing in an eerie manor-- ' "You okay?" I hear Archie ask concernedly. "Yeah, I'm okay." Archie doesn't say anything else during the way down, probably not wanting to question me too much, but it's not his fault he cares.
The elevator doors open and the familiar 'ding!' is heard, indicating we have reached the lobby. Archie and I walk out and head to the main entrance of the building and make our way to the nearest Taco Bell we could find. We walk around for almost ten minutes, not being able to find where the hell Taco Bell is. "Do you even know where we are?" I hear Archie ask.
"Nope," I say as if it were all good
"So we're lost"
"Yup," I say, still walking ahead.
"Summer?" I hear someone say.
"What now Archie,"  I say in a frustrated voice and realize it wasn't Archie who was talking. I look ahead and notice Sam a few feet away from us.
"Hey Sam," I warmly smile.
An awkward silence followed until Archie decided to speak. "I'm Archie, by any chance do you know where the nearest Taco Bell is?"
"Yeah just head straight, stop where that light is, turn right and I think you'll notice it from there."
"See, we were close," I say.
"Yeah sure," Archie says.
"Want to join us for breakfast?" I ask Sam.
"Um, sure, yeah I guess," well he seems uncomfortable. Probably because we barely talk and I just asked him to join us for breakfast.
"Well, let's go then"Once we get there, we all place our orders and wait patiently. I head to the table near us and sit down as Archie and Sam follow. A few minutes passed that were filled with stupid conversation and we finally hear that our order was finished.
"Order 219"
"That'll be us," Archie says getting up to get it.
Once he comes back with the food, we all start digging in and enjoying the wonderful pleasure of such marvelous food that was created by the taco gods.
"It's like heaven in my mouth," I say as I take another bite of my A.M. CrunchWrap.
"I'm loving the hair guys" I hear Sam say cracking up.
"Thank you," Archie and I say at the same time.
Sam smiles and keeps eating, just like the rest of us. Soon we were all done and Sam and I decided it was a good idea to start heading to school since it started in about an hour.
We all take the subway and wait until we finally get to our stop. I was sitting in the middle between both boys and I honestly feel so weird, I don't know why.
"How are you friends with Blake?" I find myself asking Sam.
"We've been best friends since we were little"
It wasn't the answer I was actually hoping to hear from him, but maybe it was too soon to ask, considering that we barely knew each other and I was the new girl in school. "Oh, well alright," I respond.
We reach to a stop and manage to get out followed by all the busy new yorkers heading to work. Reaching school, I start wondering (again) what Archie is going to do while I'm not with him, but this time I decide to ask rather than stay wondering.