
"Awww," I hear people say as if we were in a movie.
"That's disgusting," I hear another person say before being shut up by his friend.
Should I even believe him? But what if he meant it? My body decided to take control of the situation even though my mind told me something else and in that moment is when I felt my lips in Blake's. We stayed there for about a minute until I remembered I was with Sam. Fuck, Sam, he was telling me something and never got to finish. I backed away from Blake and just smiled.
"So is that an 'apology accepted' kiss?" Blake asks.
I didn't know what to say, but I felt like it was. "Yes?" I more of ask then say.
Blake smiles and kisses me really quick before telling me he had to go, but that he'd text me later.
"Sorry about that Sam," I felt bad for just leaving him there waiting for Blake and I to finish our business.
"No, It's okay," he gives me an assuring smile.
"So what were you going to say?"
"No, it was nothing, don't worry about it," he looks down at his now empty Ice Cream cup and starts playing with the plastic spoon.
"Come on, tell me." After minutes of arguing (once more) whether he should tell me, he finally told me. It wasn't what I really expected honestly.
"I think I'm starting to feel bad from all this Ice cream," he says putting his hand over his stomach.
"Well, then let's get you home"
We throw our empty cups away and walk out of the store and into the busy streets of New York.
Sam and I took the subway to his place where I dropped him off since I didn't live that far from him.
We walked up to his apartment where we just stood there awkwardly.
"Today was fun," I smile.
"Yeah, it was," he says smiling back at me.
We stay there for a couple more minutes until we both heard loud noises coming from behind the door.
"Is everything okay?"
"Yeah yeah, I'll see you later. Bye Summer," Sam says hurriedly walking inside and shutting the door, leaving me behind.
"Bye, Sam.."

------------------------------------------------------------
Thank you for whoever is still reading this story!
Share it to others if you can. I would really love this story out there getting noticed. Thanks again!