
It's been two weeks since Megan slapped me and since I was at the clinic with Sam and Konnor, but during those two weeks, I got the chance to hang out with Konnor and grow closer to Sam. Even though Sam was best friends with Blake, I still found a way to hang out with him without bumping into Blake; who I've been avoiding this whole time.
Other than that though, Archie really hit it off with that Juliette girl he met and went back home just to convince his parents to move here. Oh, that boy's special, but going back to the topic, I finally got to plan a day with Sam (which is today) so he could show me a few places in New York City that I've never been to and this time I will be taking pictures. I think it's a great way for us to bond more, maybe he'll even start trusting me with stuff he wouldn't just tell anyone.
"So shall we go," Sam asks, approaching me.
"We shall."
Now, I'm not going to go in on how we got there and all because I'm sure it's obvious we went to the subway, which I normally do either way.
Sam decides to show me Central Park before anything else. When we get there I immediately run to the hot dog stand and order two hot dogs for Sam and I.
"Well someone's hungry"
"You don't say," I say with a piece of hot dog in my mouth. "Here, I got you a perro caliento"
"I think you mean 'caliente'"
"No, I meant caliento," I smile.
I grab my camera from my bookbag, walk towards the guy in the Hot Dog stand and ask him to take a picture of Sam and I.
"Smile Sammy!" I cheer, pulling him next to me.
After the picture's taken, I say thank you to the guy who took it and look at it.
I'll probably caption this as "First Hot Dog" because why not?
"Send me that," Sam says, biting into his half-eaten hot dog.
"Later," I say walking ahead as Sam followed.
I don't know how, but as time passed from Sam and I walking, we ended up reaching the Metropolitan Museum of Art and I can't express how happy I was when I saw the building in front of me. I've only been in New York for a while and I have wished to come here so many times, but never got the chance.
Sam and I walk in and I'm already amazed by how the building looks in the inside. We wait in line for what seemed forever, but it was worth it to me.
Once we get our tickets, I'm greeted by such beauty that surrounds this place of art.
Sam leaves my side and approaches a painting hung up on a far left corner next to a sculpture.
"See this one," he says.
"Yeah?"
"This is one of my favorites, It resembles a lot of sadness and how society leaves people with their harsh words that attack us." He softly says. "What do you see?" He adds, asking me what I thought.
"What, on the painting?" I ask. Well, I'm stupid, I can't even answer a question.
"No on the giant dildo abstract sculpture, yes the painting," He jokingly says.
I laugh for a few seconds before replying, "Well, I see a girl that looks very depressed and she's building some type of wall? Sorry, I'm not good at this." I say. "What do you see?" I curiously ask, wanting to hear his views in the painting that we're so deeply looking at and questioning.
"In my view, I see a teenager, who has been broken down by nothing else but society, and the wall surrounds a place that keeps her safe: her safe room. All the while the wall is being struck by the hovering poison of the pain she has been through; is going through. And after a long time of being in battle, she's now left with battle scars that taunt her every night, but she can't seem to get over them because of society itself, like I said before."