
"Hey Arch, what are you going to do while I'm here?"
"I don't know, probably go to the Empire State building and jump off, why?" Sam and I stare at him blankly after he says that.
"I'm kidding, I'll probably just walk around and get lost somewhere"
"Well, you have my number just in case something happens," I say."Yes mom," He rolls his eyes.
We walk further into the school and I notice Blake with a group of people and by people I mean Megan, the twins, and others that I don't seem to recognize. Blake and I make eye contact for a while, but his facial expression changes once he looks to the person next to me which was Archie. I look down at Blakes fist which were now clenching. Well somebody has anger issues.
"Juliette!" I hear Archie say in an excited voice.
"Archie!" I hear Juliette say in an equally excited voice. 'Well, they hit it off' I think to myself.
I never noticed her existence in this school before, but who am I to say that when she's probably gone here all her High School life and I haven't.
I notice Blake make his way towards where I was standing "Hey Summer sorry about-" before he was even finished I interrupted him "Save your excuses," and walk away leaving him and Sam behind.
How can he just say he's sorry for that? There I was having probably the best day ever since I got to New York but ended up leaving disappointed at the fact that I knew Blake was taken. How can I catch feelings for a person so fast after meeting them? Or was I that stupid? Maybe I was just confused and never really liked him, but every time I saw him I felt joy inside me and now it's all gone.
I keep walking ahead towards the school entrance with people staring at me, probably because of the hair, but every single thought was interrupted once I bump into someone and drop all their things. Great, now I've probably made the person's day worse.
"Sorry, I should've looked where I was going," I quickly apologize helping them pick up their stuff off the floor.
"No, it's okay, I should've been aware of where I was also going," I hear the person say. They had a guy voice so now I felt worse for some reason.
"No, trust me, I'm really clumsy," I laugh looking up.
"Well that makes two of us," he says looking up as well.
We stayed there for a moment noticing eachothers features and I honestly don't know why I was staring.
"I'm Summer," I quickly say getting off the floor and handing him his books.
"Konnor," he says getting up as well and grabbing the books I was holding for him.
"Well I have to go," I say walking away without saying another word.
I quickly grab my phone from my pocket and text Archie.
Me: Is this school filled with attractive people or is it just me?
Soon enough Archie answers.
Archie: Depends, what's his nameMe: KonnorArchie: I already ship it, only because of the ship name you would haveMe: and that would be..?Archie: Kummer
Oh god, this kid has a weird mind. I decide to not text him back since the conversation would only get weirder from there so I just head to class. Getting to class is when I realize I had the class with Blake. Why does the world hate me? And what's worse is that Megan is in that class. I mentally facepalm when I enter the classroom and take a seat. A few minutes later before the bell rang, is when I notice Blake walk in. Well, this will be fun.