
"Finally, good luck decided to catch up today," I hear the girl say while gasping for air.
"Must've been quite a run you took to get here," I hear Archie say.
"Oh, you wouldn't believe." she says, taking out an Inhaler from her bookbag.
I notice Archie quickly leave his seat and walk towards the girl. "Here, take my seat. You need it more than I do," he smiles.
"No, it's okay I'll just stand"
"I insist," he says giving her an assuring smile.
"Echa" I cough out in a low voice so only Archie hears me. He gives me a look before turning back to the unknown girl who was now sitting next to me.
"What's your name?"
"Juliette," she says giving him a smile after catching her breathe.
"I'm Archie." He says back at her with a nervous smile.
I watch as both of them converse and nearly scoff and the looks they gave each other. 'Disgusting' I think to myself, 'they look like middle schoolers'. I nearly laugh at my own thoughts, but bite hard on to what little respect I have left for Archie to not do so.I watch their conversation grow and flourish in soft smiles and the occasional laugh at some stupid joke Archie makes (I still struggling to remain serious) until the subway speaker turned on and someone was talking weirdly and I honestly didn't understand a damn piece of poop of what they said.
"Did anyone catch that?" I ask.
"He said that there's going to be a twenty-minute delay," I hear Juliette say.
"Ugh, lovely" I say rolling my eyes and slouching down on the seat.
"That's Summer, don't mind her she's probably thinking all about her cute little high school crush" I hear Archie tell Juliette, in a way of teasing me.
"Archie I swear I'll stick this--- so far up your---" I say as the subway made a screeching noise every time I said something.
"What was that," he smirks.
"Oh go--yourself" Oh my god this damn subway, it's like it doesn't want me to curse.
After what seemed like an eternal subway ride alongside two hormonal teenagers giving each other their numbers, we finally reached to a stop and I was finally able to get out.
"Yes, I'm freeee" I cry out. "God, you sappy people," I turn to Archie and Juliette who were now saying goodbye. Archie stops to look at me, "You make me sad, Summer," he jokes with a stern face. "I make myself sad too," I say in return.
"Come on, let's head home, you seem tired"
"If only that was a lie," I yawn.
Archie and I managed to get home before darkness --completely-- took over the sky (but with all the lights in the city I don't know if I would actually consider it darkness.) We headed upstairs while patiently waiting in the elevator until it finally opened, revealing the hallway.We walk to the last door and finally enter inside and I feel the biggest urge to just jump in bed and sleep from how tired I was.
"Archie?" My dad questions confusedly.
Quickly I come up with what to say before he finds out the truth. "Archie here will be staying with us for a while," I'm such a bad liar, "c-cause, school over there shut down for a while so I thought it would be a good idea if he spent it here instead of being bored.." I really suck.