
"Let's go to the swing setttttttss," I grab Blake's hand and pull him there.
Everyone else follows and get on the ones that were next to the one I was swinging on.
"Sam watch out!" I scream, falling off the swingset and landing on Sam. Damn, was I going that high?
"Shit!" I hear Sam whine under me.
"Oops," I laugh, getting up.
I notice from the corner of my eyes Blake's jaw clench, and his skin ripple and tighten over the muscles stretched over his cheekbones and folded under his jawline.
"You mad bruh," I tell Blake, while trying not to explode with laughter.
"Summer, stop embarrassing yourself, people are staring," Said the voice of Lyla; behind me.
"I hope you get genital herpes," I trip in laughter and fall on Sam again.
"If I had a quarter for every time-"
I try getting up again, but somehow manage to fall back on Sam.
"I owe you seventy-five cents homie" I tell Sam.
We were both finally able to get up and I can still see Blake's face heavily contracted. 'Why's he acting like this?' I think to myself.
"Calm down babe, it's just a joke," I hit Blake softly on the shoulder.
"What the frick-frack snick-snack diddle-dack piddile-wack? Are you guys dating?" Lyla asked.
An eerie awkwardness falls upon the moment as I look at Blake and turn to see Sam, who had a confused discomfort about the situation.
I hesitate for a moment before Blake answers for me "Yes, problem?"
"No problemo sir," Lyla starts laughing by herself.
"Really guys, no backup?" she stops laughing and then begins laughing even harder with the company of Liv and Dylan, and Juliette.
"Sorry, I no speaky Spanish" Dylan says between laughs.
Sam, Blake, and I join them in laughter, until they all fall off the swing sets and get back up.
We all hear Ice cream truck nearing and we all start jumping like children, except Sam and Lyla, and run towards it; leaving both of them behind. Each of us start ordering our own things, until I look back and witness Sam and Lyla conversing with grim looks upon their faces.
I feel my head getting lighter and my vision blanking, and the sharp pain from the asphalt striking my cheek. ---------------------------------------A/N: Vote, Share, Like and Comment on the story if you like it so far. This chapter wasn't as long but it's still something. Thank you !!!