
I look to my right at my clock and notice it's almost midnight. Tiredly, I yawn and change my clothe, getting ready for a new day.
I wake up to the sound of a knock on the door. I follow the sound that lead to the main entrance of the apartment, and slightly open to reveal who was there.
A mixed feeling of emotions passes through my body as I fully open the door, finally being able to completely see who was on the other side.
"Archie!" I tackle him down to the floor, hugging him.
"Summer!" I hear the excitement on his voice.
We stay there hugging for a while until we both get back up on our feet with a smile on our faces.
"I've missed you," I say hugging him again in a more lightly way.
"So have I." He says with a light smile, hugging me back.
I separate from his warm hug and quickly run into the apartment, grabbing a sweater and my phone.
I head back out and lightly close the door so my dad won't wake up.
"So what brings you here?" I say as I put my arm into one sleeve at a time.
"Visiting." He simply said.
"But-" Didn't he learn it's rude to interrupt, gosh.
"No but's, okay? I'm just here to see my favorite person in the world."
I jokingly look to my side and behind me until he looked at me with a face, and then I point at myself.
"Oh, me." I laugh out.
"Yes you, dork." He laughs along.
"So c'mon show me the city that refuses to sleep."
"Well, right this way," I say, grabbing his hand and rushing down the hall, reaching the elevator.
Times a blur when you're spending it with someone that makes every second count. First you hugging, then you're running across streets. Until finally, you wake up from reality.
"You gonna get that?" Archie asks, biting into his hot dog.
I finally realize my phone has been ringing for the past minute and answer without looking at the caller ID.
"Hello?"
"Summer, is Archie with you, we can't seem to find him anywhere, he left home." I hear in a rushed tone. Mrs. Brooks more likely.
I look to the side, where Archie is devouring the poor Hot Dog, "Um, no, I'm sorry Mrs. Brooks, I'm sure he'll appear." I hate lying.
"Well if you see him, call me, please. Okay, thank you dear." With that, I hang the phone and look at Archie.
"So are you just gonna stare at me like that all day?" he laughs.
Anger was about to take over my body, but I relaxed before it happened.
"Why'd you leave home?"
"Wait, how-" I cut him off before he can finish his sentence.
"You're mother just called me, you really have to stop doing this Archie."
"You don't get it, nobody does."