
"I can't believe we just did this," I say, looking at Archie.
"Me either, Brennan," He says looking back at me.
We both laugh at the same time at the thought that we just both dyed our hair. Mine was of two shades of purple in an ombre that slowly weathered and graded from a darker, iridescent color to a pastel, almost candy-like shade. Archie's was in a teal shade, soft yet steely and sharp. I sometimes wonder why our parents would let us even remotely be around each other, but then I remembered 'who really gives a shit?' It's better to have someone do crazy things with and to insult horribly, than one to just sit around in boredom with. It's nice to have someone who's up for crazy adventures and would stick with you through all of them, and even better to have someone whom you can smack cam throughout those adventures.
"So anyone special?" Archie asks nudging me. I arched an eyebrow at him, which only led to him keeping asking about it.
"Oh c'mon Sums, there's gotta be someone who you've had an eye on for a while, or have you finally realized I'm your one true love" he says getting in front of me with his hand on his chest desperately waiting for an answer.
"Oh, yes, how did I never realize it was you all along" I dramatically exclaim.
We both start laughing when we realize that people were giving us weird looks as they walked past us. "But seriously, anyone?" Archie says in a more calmed tone after laughing.
"Wellllllllll"
"Welllllll" He repeats, waiting for an answer.
"Why do you want to know so badly?" I groan.
"Because as you're best friend, I'm supposed to bully you for this," he says in a fake caring tone.
I look at him with a 'really dude' expression on my face and finally decide to tell him the answer he's been waiting for.
"Well, in that case, if you bully me I'll bully you back; there was someone I had an eye on"
"WAS?" he more of says/asks in a raised voice.
"YES," I equally raise my voice.
"WHY 'WAS'" he looks at me, with mocking raised edge of his lip."Because he had a girlfriend that he never mentioned," I say in a lowered tone, looking down at the floor while walking."Oh," he vocalizes equaling my tone. "Well, in that case, how about we buy a body bag, a shovel, and some soda just in case we get thirsty."
"Yeah, and we'll do this all in the woods" I add.
"Egg-xactly."
"That was a bad yolk." I laugh.
"This is why we don't have relationships," Archie says in a serious tone as his eyes widen as if he just realized that before laughing.
"We're sad people," I say, still laughing.
"What a sad world," He says while calming down his laughter.
We both keep walking around the streets of New York City while looking around at the buildings and all the other exquisite places that were nearby. Soon, the sky was radiating a gloomy pink and orange hue, as an eerie warning sign that night was about to fall. Archie and I decide to start walking back to the Subway from where we came from, to go back home.
Once we reach the station and swipe the Metrocard -lazily in irony of the busy bodies that would normally flood this place- , we walk into the subway that had recently arrived and rush to find the nearest seats before anyone else does.. The doors started closing; before what seems to be a young (same age as me) girl hurriedly running in before the subway left her behind.