
I wake up to a slight dim light peeking through my window. I roll down to my right reaching my phone on the nightstand and my eyes widen, like if cold water had splashed my face in realization that I just overslept on a school day. I jump off the bed and ran to the closet not caring what I'll be wearing, just as long I get there.Once I'm done I rush out the door and dash out into the hall, pressing the elevator button over and over again until I finally hear a 'ding!'. I enter and when it closes I desperately wait until I hear the familiar 'ding!' sound again and rush out the elevator and out the door as if my life depended on it.I cross the street and reach the entrance to the subway, only to realise I hadn't created my card and rush back to my apartment building. Thankfully there was an Old lady who had already been waiting for the elevator, even then it seemed to be taking forever. "This bloody thing" I muttered to myself, the elevator was already on its way down when I got here but yet it seemed to be traveling even more agonizingly slowly. I saw the door open and noticed only faintly the ring as I rushed to press the button labeled '64'. Though in my impatience I had selected the floor sixty-five. In realizing my mistake I nearly burst into shouts; I could not afford to humiliate myself even more today, so I remained silent and simply pressed another button with much more care, the correct one this time.I the lady walked in behind me and I was flushed with embarrassment when I realized that I had gone in before her when she was waiting first. She pushed a moved her hands toward the button panel, then hesitated and smiled softly. "Thank you, but how could you know where I was going?" She said in a warm tone of voice."I just..." I hesitated a little "had a feeling". I exhaled softly and thanked God for having made my mistake into a good thing, as well as mentally congratulated myself on now breaking down. At least not breaking down yet because who knows what else may happen today. I rush down the hall once the elevator door opens and struggle for my keys, I notice the boxes are all still, unsurprisingly, sealed. I notice my father asleep on the floor, with empty bottles of beer laying by his side. I stop to look at him. I'm I no way moved by this sight that I'm much too used to seeing, he had been this way since...I shake the thoughts out of my head and leave the little voice inside me cut off, I don't need to remember this. I push my thoughts aside "If I think of mom, my day can only get worse" I tell myself. I rush into my new bedroom filled with unpacked boxes and sift through the pockets of my flannel shirt. I discover a bunch of crumpled up bills, as well as the change; and receipt from yesterday at the coffee shop. I walk quickly, and impatience drives me to nearly run. I glance at my father from the corner of my vision before I leave. I make my way to the elevator to find that it's closing. I notice a man on the inside place his arm in front of the dots to keep it open for me. I finally make it and thank him a little out of breath. I had accelerated my pace to a spring working even realizing it. He marked the ground floor and asked where I was going. "Same floor, and again thank you."He smiled and nodded "Of course, and you're very welcome."I'm a bit shocked at his kindness as I had seen none here yet (apart from Blake). Perhaps he was new to this city, like me and my father.The sharp 'ding!' Of the elevator door scattered my thoughts. I was glad to hear this bell, but also in a way sad that my small moment of peace was brought to an end. It was back to the rush again and I sprinted down the lobby. Nearly running into a cab I ran across the busy street and down the stairs of the subway station.I tried inserting my dollar into the machine to create my new subway card. But my shaky hands proved to be inefficient and clumsy. I finally was able to insert the money and received my card charged with my change from yesterday as well as the other money I had in the pocket of my clothing from yesterday.I swiped the card sloppily and was finally able to enter the station. I rushed down the stairs to the tracks and leaned against a post to wait for the train and catch my breath. "The alarm clock, the fucking alarm clock. The first thing I'm unpacking is the alarm clock" I say when I'm able to steady my breathing and I start to get impatient.The more desperate I get, the longer the subway seems to take to arrive. Once it decides to finally get here, a crowd of people rush in (I'm guessing they're late for work) like a wild herd of animals, almost knocking me down but my feet refuse to let me drop down and I quickly pick up my pace to get in. Once I'm successful, I desperately wait until I arrive at my destination, which feels like an eternity.Once the subway doors open, it was like a herd of animals all over again. Trying not to fall and get stepped over, I rush out before everyone does and make my way out the subway station and start crossing the street toward the building of my new school. I sigh a bit as I walk through the doors and I notice that the students are all in the halls. I've missed all of first period "I'm an hour and a half late. I don't even know what class I have now." "Today is a mess." I say under my breathe."Need any help?" I hear a soft voice say behind me. I look towards the direction from which it came. "I'm only having a nervous breakdown, thanks for asking" I sarcastically respond and chuckle. "Sarcastic, I like you already" she lightly laughs along. "What's your name?" I ask. "Morgan Freeman" she starts laughing hysterically. "Sorry I had to.""I like this jitt." My inner voice says: I crack up a little out loud. "No, just don't" I laugh along."It's Megan" she struggles to say between laughs."I'm Summer" I reply...