
Long ago, in a time when Indians still ruled over the grassy plains and lakes of America, there was a kind, but brave and mighty chief. And as the chief grew older, he grew sicker. One day the great chief made and announcement to the whole village."I will not live for much longer seeing as how sick I've grown. Since I have no living decedents, I have chosen three young men to take my thrown. Each man will take a deer skin sack, head in the direction that has called to them, and bring back the most precious thing they can find. And the most precious shall take my thrown."All three young men were very handsome to face. First there was Muscowequa. Muscowequa took his deer skin sack, said his last goodbyes, and headed to the East. After many days of traveling, he found his most precious thing. A cactus bloom. Slicing it away from the cacti, he carefully wrapped it up in his deer skin sack before heading home.
Secondly there was Nahuel. Nahuel followed the same procedure as Muscowequa, except headed to the North. After many days of traveling, he found his most precious thing. He found the ripest, sweetest, and richest of black berries. Carefully he picked them one by one and tied his sack closed when it was full before heading home.
Lastly there was Tenskwatawa. Tenskwatawa was the shortest of the three, but the loyalest. Following in the steps of the other men, he took his sack, said his farewells, and headed to the West. Tenskwatawa traveled many days and nights with no luck of finding his precious thing. Searching under every rock and around every tree, but never any luck. He traveled along rivers, hoping to find a beautiful river rock. He forged deserts, hoping to find sand crystals. But never any luck came to be. On the tenth day, he decided to head home. When Tenskwatawa finally returned to his village, he slowly approached the chief sitting with Nahuel and Muscowequa. "Ahhh my boy, you've finally returned! Now we are able to see what your most precious things are!" The chief exclaimed, not giving Tenskwatawa any time to explain.Muscowequa opened his sack that held the beautiful pink flower he had picked from the cacti many days ago. But instead of a vibrant cactus bloom, the chief was faced with a shriveled up flower. Nahuel then opened his sack full of the juiciest black berries around. But instead of ripe black berries, the chief was faced with rotted ones.Now it was Tenskwatawa's turn. "Your greatness, I have not brought anything back seeing I couldn't find anything worthy of you. For all I have is the knowledge of my travels." he stated facing towards the chief."Well then, you must let the whole village know of your travels."Tenskwatawa told the chief and the village of his great adventures. Forging the mightiest of deserts and rivers. Falling asleep under the twinkling stars to the beat of the coyote howl. "My boy, you may not have brought anything visible to the eye, but you brought something visible to the heart and mind. You have brought your gift of adventure. And let this be a lesson to everyone one of you, nothing is more precious then the memory of life. Tenskwatawa, you have found that."And that same day, Tenskwatawa was made the official chief.
Some say they can still see him wondering through the woods of Camp Crystal Lake, searching for his most precious thing. Or falling asleep to the coyote's last howl. Some say they can see him racing the mightiest of deer or fishing at Mosquito Lake. But all we can tell you for now is his spirit lives on. For the rest you must adventure to find yourself.
----------------------------------------------
Ok guys! So this is my first story. If any of you have been to Camp Crystal Lake in Florida then you might recognize the story. It is one of my many favorites they tell every year. I love ya'll so much!-ash