
Okay, look. I like you. Really I do. We met about a year ago and I thought you were pretty amazing. You apparently fell in love with me even though I told you that I didn't roll that way. Plus we lived in two different states, so that wouldn't have worked anyway. You said you believed what I believed and we had our dreams to meet each other in person. We had our fun making drama and pushing me out of me comfort zone. But you said this wouldn't work.
Then you left.
You came back and threw your excuses toward me. And I felt sorry for you. I cared about you. I loved you like a sister coming home from war. All when back to normal or so I thought. A surge of schizophrenia hit you. You didn't want to tell me the truth. Then we resolved or so I thought. When I fould out alcohol coursed your veins and scars decorated your arms. I was done with your issues. You didn't want my help even though it was free to have. What am I? Just another chick on your friend list now?
Then you left.
What do want this time? You came back. And for what? To shove your hopelessness in my face? I was warned not to let you come back into my life before. Many times. But I didn't listen. I trusted you. I thought you actually had changed. Like you said you did and yet come to me, more miserable then ever. And now you rarely talk to me without telling me that you're dead. But this time, I was ready. I wasn't about to cry over you a third time. You asked me, "Did you miss me at all?" And I did miss you but how am I supposed to feel when you've left me shattered more than once? Then you said I could trust you again. In reality, I always had my guard up so I wouldn't be hurt again. I played the game and then I thought about letting it go. When I think your fine you start ranting and cutting and drinking! I knew I couldn't trust you! I did! You said you'd kill yourself. You didn't. I knew you wouldn't. And even if you did I was waiting for a news report just in case. You didn't really want to talk after that. Even though you tried to make me happy. Thank you for trying, but I never forget. Now you said that you're done being nice for the second time.
Last week... You left and I'm not even surprised. Not anymore. I'm just waiting for you to come back.