
He'll never know. And that's probably best.
It's funny, I'm not even mad that he left.
I think I'm happy that he could get away from the monster I'll never quiet separate myself from. But this is as close to free from it I'll ever be.
And I don't blame you dear for running like you did all these yearsI would do the same, you'd best believeAnd the highway signs say we're close but I don't read those things anymoreI never trusted my own eyes
-
Logan
I pulled his letterman jacket closer to me and leaned against the door of my van. I wasn't crying; the sky was crying for me.
I closed my eyes breathing in the scent of his jacket.
"Hey." Hayden whispered.
"What are you doing?"
"Want to go for a drive?" He asked ignoring my question.
"It's midnight, Hayden."
"Your point?" He smirked. Everything that happened last week seemed to fade when he smiled at me.
"My dads asleep."
"So we'll sneak out." He argued.
"I'm in a wheelchair if you haven't forgotten." I watched as he quietly raised the screen that was in between us, and held his arms out for me. "You're joking."
"No come on." He smiled motioning for me to lean forward. He scooped me into his arms and pulled me through the window.
"My chair. And jacket."
"Give me a minute hot wheels." He said walking towards his truck. He sat me down in the passenger seat and buckled my seatbelt before jogging back to the house. I watched as he folded my wheelchair up and pulled it through the window. He walked swiftly back to the truck and put my chair in the back.
"Jacket." I said.
"Here. Wear this." He handed me his letterman jacket.
"Ew." I said involuntarily. "I mean thanks."
When we were young oh, oh, we did enoughWhen it got cold, ooh, ooh we bundled upI can't be told, ah, ah, it can't be done-Hayden
"Here we are." Logan smiled as he parked outside of Mikey's house.
"Thank you." I said looking over at him. I couldn't see his face just the outline if his features. He really was beautiful. Glassy blue eyes, plump red lips, Carmel colored curls. "I actually had fun."
"I won't tell anyone." He smiled sadly.
"What do you mean?"
"I won't tell your football friends you had fun with the school gay boy." He laughed sadly.
I wanted to tell him that I didn't care if he did. But I did care. I would never live that down. "Thanks." I mumbled. "I'll text you, okay?" I tried to make him feel better.
"Okay." He smiled his happy smile, showing off his perfect strait teeth.
"Goodnight, logan."
"Goodnight."
-Logan
"You probably think I'm calling to yell at you and demand you to come home...but I'm not. I called to tell you...I'm glad you finally worked up the courage to leave me." He got quiet again before continuing. "Remember that Christmas..we were all together..the Christmas beige your surgery. And we all..drunk hot coco and opened presents..and you and Liam sang fine memory. You remember that?" A sad laugh left my throat at the memory. "We were so in love."