
Kageyama was upset. He didn't know if he could label it as angry or sad of even both. Lately his mind wandered and even Hinata's whining blurred into the background. There wasn't anyone who cared even if he was to say something. His parents were gone 24/7 and Kageyama couldn't put any stress on his teammates before games. So he bottled up his feelings and threw them far back into the pit of his mind. Hinata was noticing  Kageyama's strange behavior and was concerned. But that was insane because he didn't really care about Kageyama's problems. He didn't, right? Unable to confront himself or the raven haired boy he resorted to his last tactic. "HINATA YOU GET RIGHT BACK HERE WITH MY BAG NOW!" Kageyama roared as Hinata sprinted farther out into the rain, suddenly stopping at a far enough distance from the gym. The taller boy who was in hot pursuit didn't notice that Hinata had stopped, thus running into the smaller boy bringing them both to the ground. "W-why...did you do that," Kageyama panted out his breath short from running. Lifting himself from the orange haired boy he pinned the others wrists down to prevent escape. "What happened?" Hinata turned away from Kageyama with a slight blush. "One day you're scolding me and the next you look so distant and cold," He blurted out without a second thought. Kageyama tried his best not to look at Hinata, his frail body reminding him too much of a boy on day long ago in his past.*flashback that is not at all real and according to plot because it's all f*cking volleyball* A young Kageyama sits on a swing at a playground, lonely as all the other children have already been picked up by their parents. He normally would've walked home but the hurried move to a new city left him with no time to figure out where his new house was. 11 year old Kageyama was expressionless as he sat dripping wet in the pouring rain. Then a sharp shove from behind catches his attention as a small kid slams into his back throwing him off the bench. The boy is clutching a stuffed rabbit toy and appears to be the same age as Kageyama. His almond colored eyes identical to the ones Hinata now bears flicker to Kageyama as a smug look comes across his face. "Waiting for your girlfriend, huh Eiffel Tower?" The boy flicks his light brown hair to the side sassily. Eiffel Tower? "Why did you call me that," Kageyama asks, slight annoyance present in his voice. The boy pauses to think before giving an answer. "Your extremely tall and your hair is black." Kageyama thinks that over for a second before deeming it ridiculous and ignoring him. "My name is Yuki if you're going to be rude and not ask," Yuki exclaims, seemingly fed up with the raven boy's piss poor attitude. Hesitant to respond Kageyama gives his first name as well "...Tobio..." Yuki looks quite proud and proceeds to continue the conversation each throwing insults and retorts the span of the time. They talk until darkness comes and Yuki looks at his watch. "Damn, Mom's gonna kill me." "Bye Tobio"Kageyama is sad that his first friend (?) in the new city is leaving so soon. "Bye Yuki" Yuki runs off pausing under a street light to turn back to Kageyama his face a shade of pink. "I actually find the Eiffel Tower to be quite romantic," He yells back quickly hurrying off as red fills Kageyama's cheeks.
*to be continued*