
Reba~ * walks down stair* "good morning babe!""Good morning." Narvel replied pecking her lightly on the lips.She leans into him " what's for breakfast?" She asked"Whatever you want." He said wrapping his arms around her waist.She placed her hands on his and said" Pancakes""Coming right up my queen." He said.She giggled and wouldn't let him go."You're gonna have to let me go if you want something to eat." He giggled sweetly." You will figure a way out!" She said."I don't think so." He replied kissing her again.She let go and walks over to the bar stools"So you're gonna watch me." He said mischievously." yup! Your cute when you cook!" She said putting her chin in her hands and her elbows on the counter."Uh,okay" he said suspiciously.She got up and walked over to him wrapping her arms around his waist."Reba, what's going on?" He asked concerned as he wrapped his arms around her a well." Um Narvel you know shelbys 15 and um..." She said shyly."What is it?" He asked soothingly." Narvel I want another baby...." She said looking down at her feet."You what?" He asked as if he didn't hear her right, but he did." Narvel I want another baby." She said looking him in the eyes."You do?" He wasn't registering what she was saying. The word 'baby' kept repeating in his mind." You don't do you..." She said pulling away from him and walking over to the fridge."No,no. That's not it. I don't really know what to think about it." He said walking over to her." No I get it I'm to old.... We have a 15 year old and we don't need a baby around here!" She said with a sniffle."I didn't say that!" He comforted, letting out a frustrated sigh he added"Reba, if you really want this, then I'll do it too."She turned around and said " really? I don't want you to do it because I want to! I want you to do it because you want to to!""I mean I haven't really thought about it. And look how Shelby turned out, it couldn't be all that bad." He told her." Would you help me? Would you be there for me? Will you help take care of the baby?" She asked."Of course I would. I didn't leave you to take care of Shelby by yourself did I?" He asked." No..... You promise you'll help?" She said shyly."I promise." He told her."I love you!"She said leaning into him."What do you think Shawna and Shelby will think about this?" She asked nervously."Shelby will be grossed out, but I think they'll both be happy." He told her." You really think so?" She said with a sniffle."I really do." He comforted." Do you think we should ask them before we get pregnant or after?"she asked leaning into his chest."What do you think?" He asked." I'm not sure..... I don't want them to get mad but on the other hand I really want this!" She said."Then tell them that." He said. At the perfect time Shelby and Shawna walked into the kitchen."I smell pancakes!" Shelby said, typical teenager." Oh hey guys!" She said whipping away the tears and turning around to face them."What's up?" Shawna asked." Oh um uh nothing...." Reba stumbled out."You okay?" Shelby asked taking a bite of his food." Um uh..... Ya.." She said said shyly."You guys weren't doing anything were you?" Shawna grimaced." What do you mean by that Shawna?!" Reba said getting defensive."Bow chika wow wow." Shelby said." SHELBY!" Reba said blushing."You were!" He yelled." No we weren't!" She said defensively."Good because that would be gross." Shawna said." Um guys we have some news we want to pass by you...." She said looking at them then at Narvel."Is everything okay?" Shelby asked." Ya everything is perfect we just um have a thing we wanted to tell you.... To see if you approve.." Reba said."Okay?" Shawna said with intent." Narvel come over here." Reba said reaching out for him.He walked over to her and grabbed her hand." Well me and your father are um thinking about something that will change our life's.." Reba said pulling Narvel closer."What is it?" Shelby asked." Me and your father are Uh thinking about having..... Another baby.." She said nervously."Really?" Shawna asked shocked." Ya...." She said leaning into Narvel."Alright." They shrugged."That's it... Alright is all we get!" Reba said shocked at what there kids just said."Yea, if you wanna have another baby, have another baby." Shelby said." Your not grossed out?" She asked."Totally, but we'll get over it." Shawna said.Reba giggled and hugged them both."Thank you guys." Narvel sighed in relief." You guys don't know how this much means to me!" Reba said with tears in her eyes."Aw mom." Shawna said hugging Reba." I can't wait to hold a baby again!" Reba said with a smile."Well we better go." Shelby and Shawna said standing up." Okay if you must!" Reba said.They laughed and shook their heads, walking out the door. Reba turned to Narvel." Hey darlin!" Reba said smiling at him."Hi." He replied with a grin.She walks over to him wrapping her arms around his neck.He wraps his arms tightly around her waist. "So..." He said."So..." She said looking him in the eyes."so..." He said kissing her."Mmm!" She said getting closer to him.She moved her hands down to his face and cupped his cheeks." I love you!" She said to him."I love you too." He smiled down at her.She kissed him again.She wrapped her arms back around his neck and deepened the kiss.Narvel placed his hands on her hips and pulled her close."So..." She said against his lips."So.. What would you like to do today?" She asked against his lips and embrace."You know." He laughed."Nope why don't you tell me?!" She said with a smile."You know bow chika wow wow." He sung.She giggled and nodded her head yes.She kissed him again.He kissed her back with passion and hunger." Look at you big boy!" She said giggling when she could.He laughed and pulled away, looking her over."You're beautiful." He said honestly." Thank you!" She said spinning around giving him a better look."Very beautiful." He added on."Oh Aren't you just sweet!" She said wrapping her arms around his neck again."Mmhm." He said kissing her cheek."Want to take this upstairs?" She asked."Mmhm." He shook his head grinning widely at her." will you carry me?" She asked smiling at him."Whatever gets you up there." He said picking her up bridal style and carrying her upstairs to their bedroom.She layed down on the bed.He hovered over her and kissed her, leaving a trail from her lips down her neck.She quivers with pleasure."I love you." He told her in between kisses."I....love... You....two!" She said in between."You ready?" He asked her."Yup!"she just managed to get out.He kissed her again passionately.She let him in.He placed his forearms on each side of her, caging her.She put her hands around his neck.He started to reach for the bottom of her shirt.She rips off his shirt and places her hands on his toned chest.He pulled her shirt off in one swift motion.She arched her back.He let his hands roam over her body tenderly.She pull her hands on the waist band of his pants.He smiled at her mischievously and grabbed hers in return.She yanked then down and throws them down on the ground.He took his time with hers, slowly popping the button and pulling down the zipper. She was going crazy, bit helped him by unclasping her bra." Narvel stop it!" She said trying to speed up the process.He pulled her pants off and threw them with his. He kissed up her body back to her mouth.She pulled his underwear off.Again he took his time with hers, pulling at her waistband and tracing the outline of her underwear.She moaned and arched her back.He looked up at her and groaned as he finally slid them down."Thank you!" She said.He laughed, taking her breasts in his hands kissing her passionately." I'm ready babe." She said to him."You sure babe?" He asked, wanting to tease her more."YES IM SURE!" She said looking him in the eyes."Okay." He laughed kissing her one last time.She kissed him deepening the kiss."You ready?" He asked pulling away."YES!" She said.He laughed, he was doing this to annoy her. "Okay." He said again.She pulled him close.He attacked her neck, while entering her.She moans.He starts moving and she wraps her legs around his waist." Oh babe!" She said moaning again."I love you." He told her again."I...love..you..too!" She said in between thrusts.He groaned and speed up, deepening.She keeps moaning."Reba!" He cried." What!?" She asked.He didn't reply, he attacked her neck again, leaving yet another trail from her neck to her lips." I'm cumming!" She yelled.He slowed down to give her her release.She moaned out in pleasure.He came right after her and cried out, slowing down yet again.She kissed him when he stopped.He pulled out and rolled next to her."wow." He said still breathing heavily." Ya I know!" She said catching her breathe.He laughed and kissed her."I love you babe!"she said."I love you too." He cooed, pushing a piece of hair behind her ear."That was the best we have had in a while!" She said to him."I know!" He laughed.She started to put her clothes back on."Where ya goin?" He asked tired."To get my pjs back on"she said.Bring me some pants please." He asked sweetly." Yes sir!" She said giggling.
TO BE CONTINUED! Hope you liked it!