
Bella's Pov:
I got dressed and shoved my diary in my bag. I walked downstairs and out my door as I shouted to my mom "Mom, I'm going for a walk be back later, love you." "Ok, be careful love you, bye." I was out walking in my neighboorhood in L.A California, when someone ran into me. I fell to the ground, my bad falling off my shoulder. "Oh my gosh! I'm so sorry!" I heard a familiar voice say sweetly. I looked up and saw him. The beautiful blonde boy, the popstar, who's in a incredible band called R5! My favorite band, my favorite boy! "No it's ok. I'm fine." I say nervously and shocked. He takes my hand and helps me up. "Fan?" He asks smiling. I nod. He smiles at me. His smile is even more amazing in person. "I'm Bella." I say looking into his eyes. "Ross" he replies. I smile and giggle. I take a piece of paper and write something down then hand it to him as I smile and say "Hope to see you soon. Xoxo Bella, followed by my number."
Bella's Pov
I ran to my house in excitement. I ran to my room , shut the door, threw my bag on my bed and pulled my diary out. I started writing in it. "May 20th. Dear diary today is the best day of my life! Ok so you won't believe who I ran into, when I was just taking a walk? I ran into Ross Lynch! You know THE Ross Lynch! From R5! I can't believe it! I'm so excited, I gave Ross my number, I hope he calls back. Who am I kidding? He has millions of girls he can pick, why would he pick me? Anyway I have to go....xoxo Bella." I shut my diary and shoved it in my special place, under my bed.
Ross' Pov
I smile and look down as I see her number. My smile because wider and I walk home.
6 Months Later
Bella's Pov: Me and Ross had been dating for longer than a year now, and its been the best time of my life.
7 Months Later
Bella's Pov
I was sleeping in my bed at home when suddenly I felt like I couldn't breathe. I started gasping for air. I tried harder than I've ever tried to yell for my family but no words or sounds would leave my mouth. After a few minutes I heard my mom run in, after I fell off my bed, making a loud bang on the floor. I seen her as a big blur. The last thing I heard and saw was my mom yelling "Bella!" Then everything went pitch black.