
~John's POV~
Have you ever just had that felling of love and how you just cant hate anything? Well thats not how this is... Im john. Im in high school and im a sophomore and a worlock, but high school... I DESPISE it! I mean magic can help me bipass only cirtain things, like woodshop, home ect., and sewing. But calculuse... Magic is no help there. Plus it's FREAKIN Monday! Like why do we need to have school on a Monday?!
Im a math geniuse yes. But its the ideots stealing my homework to copy it... that sucks! But for a worlock at my level. Its impressive that I dont do anything. But then again I did make a promise to keep people safe and not to hurt them. I mean I mess with some of the douche bags... But that's just the fun little stuff like tieing their shoe lacses together, making their backpacks rip, or make their chairs pull out form them, but that's like I said, nothing huge.
But there is this one girl, she always makes me weak in the knees. Erica... Shes beautiful, charming, loving and my best friend. We flirt ALL the time but I dont know how that would work... Because shes a vampire. I made her her daylight bracelet, oh for those of you that don't know thats an object spelled by a witch that allows a vampire to walk in the sun without burning to death. Me and erica have been friends for about three years now. She knows what I am and I know what she is, at first we didnt get along... She almost forced me to make her her braclet, but then we figured out we are a lot alike. We started talking and then one thing led to another and then were best friends. Now I've never had a friend that wasn't human or a witch.
So now I have Erica, and it was fun the first time we hung out! It was also the first time I saw her feed, that night was actually A LOT of fun! I got to learn a bunch of new spells that night, like my comeling spell, and my memory wipe spell, and more. It was really a night to remember, that night I also decided that I trusted Erica, so I showed her my hangout, which is where I do my spells and potions and stuff, its kinda like a one room house only its in a mosoleam in a cemetery. No body but me knows it exists, but I trust Erica so I showed her it.
{flashback}
Erica: ok so why are we here?Me: because I trust you enough to show you this.
right as I said that I stoped infront of the tomb.
Erica: a tomb... whats so special about it?Me: oh nothing just that when I push the center of one of the flowers it does this.
I reach up to the top of the door where wheres 20 flowers on a vine engraved on the tomb were and press the center of the one, and as I do the door to the tomb slowly opened quietly.
Erica: O.M.G. Whats down the hall?Me: well I'll show you. follow me.
we walk down the hallway and get to a big dark room and I turn the lights on to reveal all the cool whichy stuff I have.
Erica: Oh My God. This is so FREAKING cool!!!!!!! where did you get all of it!?Me: Oh just a little bit of every where.Erica: wow so this is where you do all of your spells?Me: yup, this is also the place I made your daylight bracelet.Erica: Wow. Also where did you find such a beautiful bracelet? Me: I get jewelry from all around the world. Here look this box is full of cool jewelry. Erica: wow so who else knows this place exists?Me: no one. Just you and me.Erica: Woah really?!Me: yup, do you think you can keep this place a secret from everyone ever?Erica: our own little hangout where your pretty much the most powerful witch in the city.Me: yup.Erica: OH HELL YEAH!!!!!!!!!
ever scince that night we hang out in my play house all the time. Its a good thing I have a couch in there...
{end flashback}*Bell Rings*
Finally schools over, time to go with Erica to the play House.