
"This cant be happening again. I refuse to believe that this is happening again!" I frantically paced my room, waiting for my best friend on twitter, Jason, to answer.
"What's going on love? What is it?" Alex, my mum, asked. Worry was evident on her face as she watched me pace my bedroom back and forth.
"Umm, mum, no one can find out about what i'm about to tell you okay?" I said, rubbing my palms together, trying to control my agitation.
"Andrea, baby what's going on?"
"You know how I've been friends with Jason for about three year now right?" I began, sitting in front of my mother. Mum nodded her head, waiting for me to continue.
"So in this past year, he went through a lot and he would just disappear for days at a time and i wouldn't know why. So lately, i found out that his family situation has been through the dirt. He disappeared again this week and I'm really scared because i don't know what happened to him."
"Baby, i know you two are friends and I'm sure you think you know a lot about him but you've never seen him. You don't know if what he's saying is true.." She tried to explain but I wouldn't have it.
"Mum that's not the point. He..uhh...last time he ran away like this was a few months ago and his dad ran after him and he found him and umm..." I couldn't bring myself to say the words i dreaded saying. After taking a deep breath, i looked up and continued.
"He was on the streets and there was a robbery taking place and his dad got shot. He was so scared that day mum. He came back and talked to me that entire night."
Taking a deep breath, i tried explaining my thoughts about her obvious concerns about this whole situation to her.
"I know he's from across the globe, but just because he's from Canada and he doesn't like to video chat with me or post selfies of himself doesn't mean that he's lying. He's super shy and very insecure, that's why he doesn't post any pictures of himself."
Getting that out of the way, i continued with the fears that something was terribly wrong with this entire scenario.
"Anyways, his mum was so upset that she set her mind to finding out who killed him and i think she's in trouble. Last thing he told me was that his mum wasn't going to be okay and that was it. He was gone and i haven't heard from him since."
She looked at me with a sad look on her face. Not knowing what to say, she got up and hugged me tight. "Don't worry baby. I'm sure everything is going to be alright." She whispered and left my room.
'I hope so.' I thought, jumping onto my bed and logging onto twitter. No new notifications. The mere thought that he might be hurt was driving me insane. I couldn't stand the idea that he was so far away and i couldn't help with any of his problems.
Maybe I should just relax and get some sleep. Maybe when i wake up, everything will be okay.
—
I woke up the next day to extremely bad news: Jason's account had been deleted. Yes, we both don't know what either of us look like and yes, he lives on the other side of the world but i still cant help but feel bad at the fact that he would delete his account without telling me. I thought we were closer than that. I thought we told each other everything. I know i did. Maybe mum was right after all.
Was it something i did? Maybe he was actually lying to me and he feels bad about it now? Im not sure what his reason is but all i do know is that i can't deal with this. Why would he leave without saying goodbye?
What if this is bigger than I give it credit? Maybe he's in trouble? What am i supposed to do if he is? He just up and left and i'll probably never hear from him again. Well that's just my luck i guess. But the biggest question is why? Why would he leave without saying goodbye...?
Looks like mum wasn't right about this one. Things are not going to be okay.