
It was 6:30 & Amy had gotten a anonymous note from someone to meet at meh burger at 6:30. Amy didn't know who the note was from but decided to go anyway to see who it was, when she arrived she saw Dave waving at her. She then walked over to him & sat down at the tableAmy:Hi Dave!Dave:H-Hello A-Amy Amy:So are you the one who sent me that note to come here?Dave:U-Um yes...Amy:Oh okayDave:...Amy:So why are you dressed up all fancy?Dave:U-Um to impress youAmy:Oh...Meanwhile Perci was waiting at meh burger for Sonic, she had asked him to have lunch with her & he agreed & would be there at 6:30.Perci:(in her thoughts) Where is he? The pink hedgehog is here where is he? Once he sees his girlfriend with Dave he'll think she's cheating on him break up with her & then he'll be all mineSonic then arrived Sonic:Hey Perci! Sorry I'm a little late I was looking for Amy until she told me she was meeting someone Perci:Oh that's alright Sonic:Alright we should order Perci:Okay what are you getting?Sonic:Five chili dogs Perci:Wow that's a lot Sonic:Well I love them so I usually get a lot Perci:AlrightSonic:So what are you gonna order?Perci:Just a burger Sonic:Alrighty, I'll go to the register & order Perci:Okay Sonic then went to the register, & noticed there was another worker Sonic:Guess Dave's off right now Employee:Hello sir what would you like to order?Sonic:Five chili dogs & one burgerEmployee:Coming right up With AmyAmy:Dave why did you ask me to meet up with you anyway?Dave:W-Well I couldn't ask you out in person so I decided to leave a note instead Amy:Wait ask me out?Dave:Um yeah Amy:Look Dave you're a nice guy & all but-Dave had an earpiece in his ear, Perci told Dave to take it so she could help him on his date with Amy Perci:(Through the earpiece) Dave kiss her!Dave:W-What?!Perci:(Through the earpiece) Just do it!(Shia la boeuf reference lol😂) Dave then grabbed Amy's hand & pulled her in for a kiss, Sonic was walking by while this was happening & saw & stopped himSonic:What the heck do you think you're doing?!Dave:Trying to kiss Amy Sonic:What?!Dave:Well we're on a date I know it's a first date for me but I was told by a friend to kiss her & I had no problem with it Sonic:A-Amy? Y-You're on a date with him?Amy:No! Sonic do you honestly believe that?Sonic:I... I don't know Amy:Sonic you're my boyfriend why would I cheat on you?Sonic:Well you weren't stopping him from kissing youAmy:I was about to but then you came & stopped him insteadSonic:Why do I have a hard time believing that?Amy:S-Sonic... I can't believe you actually believe that I would cheat on you! Sonic:Well you told me you were going to meet someone & when I asked you who it was you didn't tell me!Amy:Because it was an anonymous note! I didn't know it was from Dave!Sonic:Then why didn't you tell me it was anonymous! Amy:Because I was running late & didn't have time to tell you it was anonymous!Sonic:Sure I bet that's just an excuse you're making up, maybe you did know it was Dave & just didn't tell me cause you knew I would catch you cheating on me!Amy:Sonic! I can't believe you would think that! If it were the other way around I would've believed you Sonic!Sonic:Yeah sure you wouldAmy:That's it Sonic The Hedgehog if you feel that way then maybe we should...Sonic:Maybe we should what?Amy:Maybe we should break up...Sonic:...Amy:*sniff* I guess that silence means yes Sonic:Amy...Amy:*sniff* Goodbye Sonic the hedgehog Amy then runs off crying Sonic:Amy...Meanwhile with Perci,she was watching all of that at the table she was sitting atPerci:(In her thoughts) Finally they're broken up I'll let Sonic recover & then we'll get close & he'll realize his love for me now since that stupid pink hedgehog is out of the way! Finally Sonic you will be mine...