
"You don't think I'm like a rapist because you barely know me". "No your Drake the rapper that's unique I trust you", she got and pushed in the chair. "Let's go lover boy". We walked over to KIA and it smelt like girl perfumes and baby powder. "Don't make that face I see you" she turned on the heat and the radio and we listened to Jhene Aiko. "You know her", "Who"?. "Jhene I love her song The Worst".
"Yeah we did a song on my album together". "That's Cool I might have to listen to that sometimes", she smiled. "What's your name I haven't known for the past twenty minutes", I like this chick I don't know romantically but I think we could best friends like me and Nicki.
"It's Cali what about yours I haven't caught yours" she speeded past the yellow light And I held on to my seatbelt. "Aubrey but everyone knows me as Drake", She looked at me and nodded. We finally pulled up to a nice looking neighboorhood each houses were brightly colored and all had fences whether metal or white picket fence. Her house was blue and she looked like she took pride in her house.
Her grass was trimmed and she had a nicely paved entranceway. We walked up the steps to the front door and she searched through her bookbag for the keys. I sat on the swing bench and looked at her neighbor. She had tight jogging pants and a sports bra and her hair in a firm ponytail that moved when she moved. "She's taken and from what I hear she's a complete slut now come in" Cali pushed me off the swing.
Her house was so neat I saw my reflection on her wood floors. "Take your shoes off please" she watched my every movement but when I looked up she was quick to look away. I loved her house her living room was white but a fluffly white carpet and a painting of a fruitbowl over her flat screen t.v. Her dining room had a class table with black chairs and a flower vase for the center piece.
Her kitchen has yellow counters and silver everything else. "Okay I love the fact your looking around but come on so I can show you your room". She rolled her eyes but I knew she was playing. She had a nice body figure if I do say so myself. She opened the last door in the hallway and it was a nice.
It was painted a Grey white color and it had a decent sized closet and plenty of dressers only complaint was I ain't got my own T.V. "You ain't go no clothes I can't help you that factor", She sat on the bed and just looked me. "Thanks Cali I gladly appreciate it even if I am famous". "Your Welcome Aubrey Now I'm gonna go change and see If your in the news yet". She slapped my forehead and left the room.
I layed down on the bed this room is mad hot. I took of my shirt and tossed it in the corner. "AUBREY GET IN HERE", I jumped out and walked to her room. I walked in at the right wrong time. She only has on her shorts and bra but she putting on her tank top. She stuck her tongue out at the T.V. "Your famous your on E! News" she clapped and gave me a hug.
ApparentlyDrakeandhislongtimegirlfriendhavesplitafter 5 yearstogether. SourcesSayJessicaRighthasa 4 monthinfidelitywithherex-boyfriend. Afewwitnessessayhewaslastspottedleavingacoffeeshopwithanotherwomanwe'llbebackafterthebreak.
"Never gets old so what you doing tommorow" I leaned against her wall. "Going to my painting studio you"? "Work in on some songs on the studio with some features". "Ohh Like who", She got on her knees while she was on the bed. "PartyNextDoor I got couple songs", "Oh you have fun but good night though and love your ab action going on".