
hello my name is Lea and I 'm from Greece I have long blonde hair that come just above my butt , hazel eyes and very red cheeks . I live in Cali since I was 13 . Now I am sixteen and I am so excited for going to high school . My best friends are Shawn Mendes and Andrea Russet .Last but not least I am a champion at swimming .Thats all about me. .. .My alarm goes of and I m like what the heck!!!! It's freaking summer!!!! Well it seems it's just Shawn." gosh Shawn what is it?"i groan "good morning Lea wanna go to the beach with Andrea ?" "yaah sure , what time?" "ahm now" he mumbles "ok hold on I ll be there in 30 bye". As I hang up I rush in the bathroom to wear my Victoria Secret bicini , put my Ray Ban sunglasses and a Victoria Secret dress on. You know my mom is the owner of this company. So we are kind of wealthy. I take my car keys and get to the kitchen. My parents are working and my brothers Nash and Hayes are probably sleeping . I get into my white BMW and head to the beach .I spot Andrea , Shawn and the Jacks sitting on the sand. "Finally " said JJ and I sighed. I sat next to Andrea and JG on whom I have a  little crush."Lets swim" yells Shawn . "Nah later" me and Andrea said in unison. As we were sitting I saw Nash with his annoying ass friends , just kidding I love them all. They are Matt Espinosa , Taylor Caniff , Carter Reynolds , Jc Caylen and Kian Lawly Andreas boyfriend. But as they approached I saw a new guy. He was so hot , he had chocolate eyes ,brown hair and very very nice abs."Girl who's that seems like you re interested!!!" says Andrea "oh shut up and look at Kian!!! I wanna see!"i whispered to her.Now they are sitting with us and after the hi's and the I missed you I asked Nash "Where is Hayes ,Nashty??" , "umm with a girl her name is Bella too good for him and don't torture his ass!!"he chukles and I simply reply"ok". Although I am going to ahaha!!! "oh girls this is Cameron Dallas, he is at your age just moved from Florida he is a model and a professional swimmer !!" he said "and Cameron this is my sister Lia and her friend Andrea" adds Nash and Cameron stares at me and licks his lips. Woah did he just notice me??? Andrea gives me a"go get him tiger" look, it was really ridiculous and i couldn't stop smiling at her silly head.I checked him out from the bottom to the top and saying"hi" he replied with a nod and a smile . Gosh it was like an earthquake, his smile was so bright all I could do is blush."So are we gonna swim or what" says Taylor. And with that we all ran towards the water yelling. As I reached the water I felt warm hands on my waist , I turn around and see Cameron."Want a kiss babe" he says "Wha..." before I can reply I am in the water." What was that for its cold!!" I shiver" for fun!!!" he replies." you are gonna regret it" I say jumping on his back trying to drown him which I achieved. At the time Cameron came out of the water everyone was laughing their asses of except of Nash who glared at Cameron . I would be pissed too because we know each other for a half an hour and we are flirting , I think. It's a weird feeling like sparks that comes through my body every time I touch him. What the hell!!!?