
August 5: Strolling around New York at 10 is never safe but i had to clear my mind. My rent was due soon adn i wanted to propose to my girl but what would i do after that. What will I become I wanna be able to work and be able to support my family and be their for me.
My life officially began the day I came home to my apartment and found my girl cheating on me. It was rough we were together for 5 years I never expected this to happen. She helped me through everything and now im by myself. It all went down on August 5th
Walking up these damn steps just to get to level 6 is a strain. I swear this is how I stay fit I just came back from visiting my mom. All I need is to cuddle up to my girl Jessica and watch some movies. I open the door and I see her shirt and undergarments sprawled out in the floor like their were leading me to the bedroom.
I smiled she always knew what to do so this relationship was never boring. I kicked off my shoes and hung my jacket. I love this girl I opened the bedroom door and I was shocked. "Jessica really" I was shocked she's cheating on me. She peeked her head above the blanket and she started crying. She threw the sheets over and she revealed the man. "YOUR EX TOO" I was so pissed I shut the bedroom door and went to the living room to call up Chub's.
"Drake wait", Jessica came running out the room with a towel around her she did have a good body though. "No Jessica how long has this been going through", She sighed a few months "Please don't leave me Drake". I grabbed my coat and slammed the door shut. I sat on the apartment steps man was it cold. I need to go somewhere I need somewhere to stay I can't come back here.
I'll let her have the place I don't anything to do with her anymore. I walked up and down various blocks looking for an open spot. I would go to a strip club but I'm not lookin for no trouble. I found a coffee shop and it wasn't completely empty hopefully no fans. "Shit" I mumbled under my breath this is surely gonna be all over the media in the morning.
Down side of a celebrity I sat in the back and stared out the window. I'm safe the streets were completely empty no paparazzi in sight my type of night. I ordered a bagel and some coffee probably keep me up for night. "Umm Excuse me can I sit with you". All I could think was this must be a damn fan just wanting to get close I looked up and she looked pretty normal.
She had a messy bun and has paint on her white jeans. She had a rolled up blazer with combat boots. I nodded but if she turns out to be a rabid fan I'm leaving right away. "Thank you" my bagel and coffee came and I gave them a twenty dollar bill they can keep the tip they could really use it.
"What's a guy like you doing out in a coffee shop" she said looking at me taking a sip of the steaming coffee. " What you mean". "A Rapper wouldn't you be afraid of paparazzi" she smiled she had a pretty smile she was pretty overall. "Trust me I am sometimes but I just had a rough night". "Tell me about same". She closed up her books and shoved them in her bag.
I'm guessing she's leaving now. "What happened with you", I finished the bagel and now I was chugging down the coffee like it was liqour. "Why would I I barely know you", I nodded " How about I tell you what happened and you tell me", I pushed out my pinkie on the table.
She looked at my face and she finally gave in and we pinkies promise " You go first since your famous", she put her face in her hands and waited. "Well I just found out my girlfriend cheated on me with her ex we were together for 5 years", She grabbed my hand rubbed my palm "Poor baby but I guess its my turn now". She pulled her hand back and crossed her arms, "I just found out the art job I applied for was a scam I lost $1,500 dollars depressing", she rolled her eyes and looked out the window.
"Well at least you got a home to go back to" I pushed the cup and the plate to the side. "Your rich you could call up a man right now and get a house like that", she snapped her fingers. "If only it worked like that", "I know right well he seem like a really nice guy that doesn't look controlling so I'm offering that you can stay at my place awhile" she smiled again.