
I nod.
He picks up the apparatus, which appears to be a silver metal bracelet.  He slides it onto his wrist and looks back at me, I motion for him to continue.
He touches the bracelet with his other hand, sliding his fingerprint across the span of the jewlery as the metal begins to glow. I watch in amazement as the glowing intensifies, eventually melting into it's surroundings. The glowing fades out, turning into colors.  And then, suddenly, my dad is invisible.
"Woah." I lean my palms onto the table. "Can I have one?"
He laughs, even though I can't see his smile.  It takes a few seconds for him to reappear as he steps up to the table and places the bracelet in front of me. "It's just a prototype. But the first edited copy will be all yours." He slides the computer onto the table, holograms of blueprints appearing before our eyes. "So,  how was the party?"
He's intensly focused, his black hair slightly oily and ruffled.  I wonder how long he's been up here, or if he's slept at all.
"It was okay, I guess."
"Meet any boys?" He looks at me through the hologram, raising an eyebrow.
"Dad." I groan.
"Because, you know, if you did meet a boy, i'd have to explain to him that i've got all this-" He motions to the armor surrounding the room.  Then he points to me. "-to kick his ass with." He walks around to my side of the table, standing beside me as he puts his hands in front of him, moving the computerized blueprints and adjusting them to his likeness.
I chuckle. "You know I'm not going to date till' i'm 40."
He smiles, giving my forehead a light kiss. "That's my girl."
"I'm going to check up on Zoey, she had a little too much to drink.  Do you want anything?" I ask as I make my way back to the elevator.
"I'll take 50 million dollars, please." He pauses, a confused look on his face. "Oh, wait, I already have that."
I roll my eyes, taking the elevator back to the main room.  Zoey is still sprawled out across the long, tan couch, her face buried into the cushion.  I touch her shoulder and she doesn't make a sound.  She's passed out. Big time.
I go back to the kitchen, the long counters stretching in front of me. "Hey, Jarvis, do we have any Alka-Seltzer?" I figure that'll help Zoey when she wakes up with a serious hangover.
"Of course." Jarvis's voice broadcasts.
I pull a glass from the stained wooden cabinet, stepping onto my toes to reach.  The glass slips from my hands, and I panic to catch it but fail as it crashes to the ground.  The horrible noise sends me lurching backwards, which causes me to fall flat on my butt.  I try to catch myself on the island, but end up grappiling air instead of granite.  I put my hands behind me to stop myself, but only end up feeling glass slide into my palms. Pain scratches my nerves as I feel blood pearl at the surface of my skin.  I look at my hands, a few pieces of glass sticking straight out of my palm.
That's when It happens.  I'm completely awake, aware of every painful second that my own body screams in pain. Then, like on cue, my flesh starts to reanimate itself. The glass falls out of my skin, the blood sucking itself back into my body.  Within seconds it's like I was never cut.  I stare in puzzlement at my hands, blinking several times to make sure i'm not hallucinating.