
Needless to say, my father was in no condition to raise a five year-old alone.  So, the Avengers pitched in.  That's right, i was raised by the Hulk and Black Window, who, surprisingly, isn't as maternal as you think.  I still laugh at the thought, and it's crazy that i'm still alive.
I press the intercom button at the towering glass doors, waiting to be buzzed in. "Welcome to the Roadkill Cafe, you kill it we grill it.." I hear my dad's voice fizz out onto the intercom.  I chuckle, Zoey leaning her full weight onto my side.
"Are you going to let me up?" I ask impatiently. "It's freezing out here."
"Ah, I should've gone with 'Jesus hotline, how may I save you?' " His gravel voice responds.
"Dad."
"Fine, fine. Come in."
The lock clicks, and I slide the door open and shut, the bright golden lobby shining in all it's glory.  I find the glass elevator, the small light blinking, a signal to step inside.  I lean Zoey against the elevator wall, pressing level S for 'Stark'.  The elevator doors shut and the whole glass box surges upwards, I hear Zoey groan behind me, the liquor obviously taking it's toll.  As the elevator climbs out the outer wall, I look into the center and see the whole inside of the Avenger's Tower. The bottom part of the building is cylinder, with rooms on the outside and training areas in the middle.
Suddenly the elevator halts, and we've reached the top half of the building, which is dedicated to my fathers research. The doors open, revealing the large living room complete with a massive TV and long couches.  I hoist Zoey up, putting my arm around her waist, and step out of the elevator.  Suddenly an alarm screeches in my ears.  I wince, ducking slightly.
"Jarvis!" I yell over the siren. "It's me! Turn it off!"
The alarms immediately shut off, the computerized voice echoing onto the speakers. "My apologies, Miss Stark, I was unaware of your arrival."
"It's okay, Jarv. Where's my dad?"
"The Lab, Ma'am. Forewarning; he's testing out some new armor-"
"I'll be sure to duck and cover."
I help Zoey onto the couch as Jarvis shuts off, and I walk across the long living room and into another elevator next to the kitchen. The elevator shuts and surges upward, halting a few moments later. The elevator door swings open, revealing my fathers infamous lab.  Lining the outer wall are glass cylinders containing Iron Man suits, all of them are varying in color, and all of them are equally intimidating. In the middle of the room, elevated off the ground, is a long metal table on a platform. Metal scraps are laying around everywhere, while 'Suicide Eyes' by A Thousand Horses blares out of the stereo.  I see my father's back facing me, he's hovering over a piece of scrap metal. His strong shoulder's are hunches slightly, a sure sign he's been awake for a while.
I cover my ears with my hands and walk up behind my dad, tapping his shoulder.  He jumps, spinning around and grabbing my wrist.  His reaction timing is impressive, and his intensity shocks me for a moment.  "Jeez, Emma." He breathes. "You know not to do that."
"Sorry." I say, glancing over his shoulder and at the mess of wire on the table.  "What are you working on?"
I walk around the table, watching him fiddle with his machines. He looks down at me with a small mischievous glint in his eyes. He's obviously thrilled that i'm taking interest in his work. "Want to see?"