
The entire room was vibrating with sound. Tove Lo's 'Talking Body' was blaring throughout the whole club.  Purple and green lights flooded the atmosphere, giving the whole room an alien glow.  There had to be at least two thousand people crammed into the room, dancing like uncoordinated wild animals.  I'm towards the bar, the less crowded area.  I was never one for the whole 'being-around-people' thing.  My dad says I get that from him, because anxiety is one of the many things we have in common.  I take a seat at the bar stools, watching quietly while people get drunk and make fools of themselves. Unfortunately, making a fool of myself wasn't something I was glad to do, because making myself look stupid made my father look stupid, and that wasn't an option.  We had a mutual agreement never to purposely make the other person look stupid.
"Want to dance?" A twenty year-old guy steps out of the crowd, black hair ruffled as he breathes his acrid smelling breath onto my face.  Everything about him screams drunk, not to mention the unbuttoned shirt and oddly tight skinny jeans.
"I'd rather chew my own arm off, thanks." I say, taking a swig of the cocktail that I had ordered earlier.
"That's not very nice." He slurs, putting his hand on the counter behind me and leaning dangerously close. "Don't you want to have fun with me?"
I shoot him a charming smile. "If I throw a stick, will you leave?"
He mumbles profanities under his breath, stumbling off after a blonde in a cocktail dress, who just disappeared into the ladies restroom. A few seconds later a girl plops into the stool next to mine, a drunken smile on her face. "You look serious." She says with a mock impression of my face.
The girl is Zoey.  We've known each other for years, and she's the only person in this whole room who can be drunk and not look stupid doing it.  She takes a drink out of her martini glass and practically slams it onto the bar. "You're too serious." She echoes.
"Do I look like I belong here?" I ask dubiously. "You know I prefer libraries, or anything, other than this. This is all just for show."
"I know, I know," Zoey cuts in, raising her hand to stop me, her tone condescending. "You've got to keep up the attendance for your father. The multi-billionare. We get it."
I laugh at her inability to construct a full sentence, linking my arm around hers and helping her off of the chair. The bartender gives me a small nod as we leave, as if to wish me good luck getting out of the insanely crowded building.
Zoey and I are half-way to the exit, surrounded by sweaty bodies and the vibrancy of loud music. That's when I see him.  He's standing at the exit, leaning against one of columns on either side of the doorway. His posture is calm and cool, as if he already knows why he's here. The clothes he wears stand apart; a dark green t-shirt and black jeans. And he's staring directly at me.  Granted, I'm used to being looked at, it's not something that I find unusual, but the way this person glares at me says something completely different.  I only see him for a second, because when I blink, he's gone.  Maybe being around all of these people made me a little too anxious, maybe it was all a figment of my imagination.
The car is waiting outside already, the Stark Industries logo printed in silver on the side of the black Escalade. The car was hard to miss, considering the three bodyguards encircling it. I shove Zoey into the car as she protests, begging to let me leave her at the club. I refuse, knowing she'll be throwing up in 30 minutes. It's almost 1 in the morning, and Zoey is bound to pass out soon.
Arriving home is always unusual because I never know what's going on inside. Stark Tower is huge, to the public it is known as Avengers Tower.  The Avengers live here, which, to say the least, is interesting. Then, there's my dad. Who usually spends his nights holed up into his lab working on, well, whatever he works on.  Ever since my mom, Pepper, died a few years ago, he's been nothing but consumed by his own work.  I never really knew my mom, mainly because she died when I was five, but I still remain attached to her memory.