
Chapter Three: Dinner with the Millionaire's

"Saw you on Celebrity Wire this morning," Howard said to Austin as the five of us ate our lunch. This was basically the only time we all could spend together. "I didn't know you were getting your own reality show."
Austin furrowed his eyebrows, "I'm not getting my own show. I would never in a million years agree to that."
"The lady said there were rumors going around."
"Rumors, Howard," Reyna patted his shoulder, "Rumors aren't always true."
"Are we all gonna do something fun this weekend?" Silvia asked.
"You should show us your place," I said to Austin. I bet he lived in a mansion and I've never been in one of those before. He was the perfect excuse to go.
"Why? It's basically just an empty house right now, so it would be pretty boring."
"I bet it's huge though, right?" Reyna asked.
"Well bigger is better I always say," Austin commented.
Everyone but Austin rolled their eyes, catching the innuendo he clearly didn't mean to use.
"Oh, you guys are disgusting."
+++

"So, this is it," Austin said after giving us a formal tour of the empty mansion he called home. "I personally think one of your houses would've been better, but I guess I was outnumbered."
"I don't know why you think this place is boring," Silvia said while skipping around the marble statue that was placed in the dead center of the foyer. "It's the coolest house I've ever been in," she picked up a multicolored glass vase and spun around with it.
"Then you probably would have died if you saw my home in France," Austin took the vase away from her and placed it back on the end table.
"Did you sell it?" I asked. "Your home in France?"
"Nope. My mom refused to let it go, so it's what one could call a vacation home now. I'll probably go there over the summer."
"Where are your parents?" Reyna asked.
"My dad's working...as always and my mom is out shopping...again as always. She should be back soon though."
"Are they nice?" I asked.
"Of course. Nicest people you'll ever meet." I wasn't sure whether or not he was being sarcastic. Then again, in the few weeks I've known him I have learned that he doesn't really know what sarcasm is. Maybe it's just an American thing.
"You said you had cars," Silvia suddenly stopped skipping. "Where are they?"
"Well, I guess that's the only thing we really have to do right now, so follow me," Austin grabbed a few sets of keys off the wall before walking right out the front door, I followed closely after him.
"Austin." I stopped dead in my tracks after hearing that. I shifted my gaze from the ground and up to the lady standing in front of Austin. Was it his mom? Honestly, she looked pretty young, younger than my mom. "Come help me with my bags, snugabug."
"Oh my god, where did you go?" Austin laughed as the lady thrusted a few paper bags into his arms.
"There's a Chanel boutique here, can you believe that snugabug? I bought you a new pair of sunglasses. I think you'll really like them," she finally took a moment to look around. "You didn't tell me you were having friends over," she seemed rather disappointed. "You know you're supposed to give me twenty-four hours notice, Austin William Cruise." Oh jeez, she pulled out the full name.