
Chapter Two: Tesla Model X
"Which car is yours?" I asked Austin nervously as we roamed the school's ridiculously large parking lot.
"This one," he smiled proudly while stopping in front of a shiny silver car. God, it looked nice. How did I not see this one coming? The car itself was probably worth more money than the whole school and everything in it.
"It's...nice. What kind of car is it?"
"The tesla model X. The first and only car for me. Until of course my parents let me get a lambo."'
He unlocked the car doors and I slid into the passenger seat just as he got into the drivers side. The seats were black leather and everything was clean; spotless actually. I couldn't even see a single speck of dust.
"So...why did you come here again?" I asked as Austin pulled out of the parking space. "Take a right turn at the end."
"You don't listen to people when they talk, do you? 'Cause I'm pretty sure I already explained this today. Not only to you, but to Reyna also, both on different occasions."
"I'm sorry."
"It's all good. The company my dad's been running since...I don't know...before I was born, suddenly went international over the summer so we were kind of forced to move here. Someone suggested that Los Angeles was the marketing capital. That obviously appealed to my dad so...here we are."
"Oh. Well do you like it here so far?"
He shrugged, "I mean it's ok. If I could though, I'd go back to Paris in a heartbeat." Awkward silence, "So enough about me, how about you? What do your parents do?"
Uh..."My dad works for Microsoft and my mom stays at home all day. She's kind of...sick," I choked on the word, every little emotion I could ever feel was brought back in one quick wave.
"Sick with what?"
"Cancer," I answered quietly. "Take a left."
The rest of the five minute car ride was extremely awkward. I was grateful to see my house come into view, "You can just stop here. I'll walk the rest of the way," I said. My house was currently only three houses down so the walk wouldn't have been killer. Showing up at home twenty to thirty minutes before usual in a boys car would have been though.
"Are you sure?" He seemed a little baffled by my request.
"Yeah. Positive," I said as he stopped the car. "Thanks for the ride," I got out of the fancy car and ran the rest of the way home. The rain was really coming down and I didn't feel like getting soaked, so physical movement was my only option.
I opened the front door, dropped my backpack on the ground and headed into the kitchen where I heard pots and pans clinking and clashing together. "Hey mom," I greeted while taking a seat on one of the barstools.
"Hi sweetheart. How was school?" My mom asked while washing her hands.
"It was cool. Met a millionaire."
"A millionaire? That's a little random," she laughed which made me smile. "Why's he...or she...going to school then?"
"You know, that's a good question. I'll have to ask him."
She looked up and gave me a knowing/excited look, "So it is a him? Is he cute?"
"Very."
"How are you home already?" My dad walked into the kitchen now and went to stand next to mom. "I saw you get out of an unfamiliar car. What was it? A jaguar?"