
"Why?"
"Cuz you just fed me bull shit, and I almost believed you."
"...Right."
++Violet's POV++
"Lets go get dinner after this," Austin commented while checking something on his phone. I don't even know how long we've been stuck here, but honestly I'm starting to get a little annoyed.
"No thanks. I'd rather go home and ya know...spend time with my mother." This stupid trip was eating up precious time I will never get back. "You're a real jackass, ya know that?"
"You didn't have to come. Jeez..."
"You would have thrown a hissy fit."
"Austin," some little girl voice chirped.
Austin and I both turned around to see a tiny little golden haired girl. She was maybe five. "Annette," Austin said while going to pick her up, "What are you doing here? My mom said it was just Adrien coming."
She shook her little blonde head, "Adrien's here, but so is Gisele."
Austin's smile turned into a frown in under a fraction of a second, "Gisele? Like...my Gisele?"
Annette nodded slowly, clearly knowing  something I didn't.
"Oh god, send her back. Where's Adrien, maybe we can leave without her," he started to look around frantically.
"Who's Gisele?" I asked.
"Who are you?" Annette asked back.
"Where's Adrien, Ann?"
So many questions!
"Who's this?" A boy with a thick french accent came up from behind me.
Austin sighed as if this was all one giant bore. It was hard to keep his attention for too long, "Guys, this is Violet...she's just my friend. Vi, these are two of my many cousins, Adrien and Annette," he paused to set Annette down. "Now why the hell did you bring Gisele with you?"
"We didn't do it willingly. She heard we were flying out to see you and she booked a ticket too. Unfortunately, she was on the same plane as us."
"Why are we still standing here?! Lets go," Austin started walking to the exit. I had an odd feeling that he wasn't going to make a clean escape from this Gisele girl though.
"Ah! You guys!" I knew it. "Why are you leav...Austin!" Some blonde with extremely long legs screeched while rolling her cheetah print suitcase over to us. This girl was a Victoria's Secret model in training, or any model for that matter. She was tall and blonde with a body anybody would be jealous of.
I immediately knew what she was to Austin.
She definitely was his type.
"Why are you guys leaving already? Without me?" She too had a thick french accent. "I missed you so much, Mon Amour," she threw herself into Austin's arms.
"Good to know," he pushed her away.