
Chapter Five: The Shallow Millionaire
"This use to be the old Microsoft building," I said as Austin and I followed closely behind his dad. He wanted to hang out, but he had to go in with his dad so I too was stuck here. Honestly, I don't know why I even agreed to come here.
Mr. Cruise, or William, as he preferred to be called, was actually a pretty cool guy. He spent the whole car ride here poking fun at Austin and his inability to get a good grade on a math test. This didn't make Austin too happy, but I shared in the knowledge that he in fact was super bad at math.
"I was going to tell you that you should try to calculate this month's sales, but then I realized-"
"Don't even finish it," Austin mumbled.
"Violet can do that."
"As if! She's no better than me. The girl's got a C- in advanced algebra."
"Well, that's still better than your solid F. You're lucky you have family working at Oxford. There's no way you'd ever get in on your own," he joked but it looked like Austin took the whole thing personally.
"Mr. Cruise," the lady behind the reception desk said calmly, "You have visitors waiting for you in your office. I believe he said he was from GC Enterprises."
Ah, I've heard of that place. The computer programmers and the people who ran Microsoft out of a job. Their computers were fancy and definitely affordable. I even had one and my dad is nothing but loyal to Microsoft.
"Alright. Thank you, Miss Madden," Mr. Cruise said while walking towards the large set of stainless steel double doors. Was his office behind there?
Indeed.
As I walked in behind Mr. Cruise and Austin, my mind was left at the door, completely and totally blown. The view of downtown LA was an amazing one, framed by the large glass wall just behind the wooden desk. The office itself was probably as big as the whole bottom level of my house.
My eyes immediately darted over to the two guys sitting on the genuine black leather sofa. One was older, with thick, salon styled white hair, wearing a dark blue pinstriped suit while the other one was way younger, probably the same age as Austin and I. He had dark brown, almost black hair styled the same thick way as the other guys. He wasn't wearing a suit but he was still dressed nicely.
"William Cruise, correct?" The older man asked, while standing up and outstretching his hand to William.
"That would be me," William said while politely shaking the other guys hand. Just by observing, I could tell he gave a firm handshake, very businessman like.
"It's nice to meet you, I'm George Carter from GC Enterprises. I would've been here to give a warm welcome sooner, but my schedule has been quite full. Are these your children?"
My eyes shot open. Ha, I was not part of the Cruise dynasty and I probably never would be either.
"Yes. Well, yes and no," William said. "This is my son and one of his friends."
"I brought my son as well," George said.
"I'm Gregory C. Carter," the younger guy introduced. It seemed as though he was talking to all of us, but he only made eye contact with Austin.
"Austin W. Cruise," he mocked and rudely ignored Gregory's hand as he tried to finish his polite introduction.
William seemed to have noticed and all but sighed loudly, "You'll have to excuse him. We're trying public school for the first time ever and obviously it's not very picky about their conduct code," he gave Austin the glare.