
I took my seat just as the second and final bell rang. The new guy sat a few rows away from me and Miss McBee (as I liked to call her) made her way to the front of the classroom, taking a stack of papers in her hands. "Welcome back everyone," she said sweetly. "I hope your summer was a good one. I'd like to start off by introducing two new students to the class." Two? I looked around for the second unfamiliar face and sure enough found a girl sitting in the way back. "Please warmly welcome Penelope and Austin."
Austin?
I wonder if it was the same one Howard was talking about. He needed to speak so I could verify the French accent. I'll just admit right now that he was hot. I'm sure it was no secret anyway.
A mere class acquaintance turned around to face me. Her name was Melissa, and she was probably the smartest girl in the whole school. "Have you ever heard of Austin Cruise?" She whispered. "The millionaire?"
I shook my head while sneaking a sideways glance at Austin.
"He's so hot."
"I know right?" I squealed.
"And he's french!" She all but yelled. I looked over at Austin again only to see him giving the both of us an awkward look. I quickly adverted my gaze back to Miss McBee.
"So, we're going to fill out a few papers and then maybe Austin and Penelope can tell us a little about themselves if they want to," she paused, "Or they can talk now and we'll do papers later."
"Yes!" Everyone but Penelope and Austin cheered.
"I guess we should ask if they even want to share anything," Miss McBee said.
"I guess I could," Austin said. He didn't have much of a French accent though. It was rather disappointing actually.
"Great. You can just stand there if you want or you can come to the front."
"I'll just stand here," he said while getting out of his desk. "So...what do you guys want to know?"
"Do you speak french?" Melissa asked.
"Well, I'm from France so yes."
"Say I love you in French!"
"Je t'aime?" he made it sound like a question for some reason. I'll admit it was an unusual request.
"Tell us about your family," Miss McBee said, "I heard they own something."
"My dad owns Silver Enterprises. It went international over the summer so we moved here because apparently it's easier to run a business in Los Angeles."
+++
"So Austin," Howard started talking just as I sat down at the lunch table, in between Reyna and Silvia. "This is the friend that was MIA all summer long. Violet."
"Oh yeah. I think I had a class with you already," he smiled and my heart all but sped way up. I felt the heat rise to my cheeks and something embarrassing getting ready to surface. "I'm Austin."
I nodded a million times and returned the smile, "Violet."
Why oh why couldn't I be normal around hot guys?
"So we should all do something after school. Like get pizza or something like that," Silvia suggested. The girl sure did know how to eat.
"I have to go home right after school," I said, suddenly remembering a rising family problem. "Have to walk in the freaking rain," I mumbled while picking at the food in front of me.
"Why don't you ride the bus?" Reyna asked.