
I held back a few tears. I was always fine until I thought about it.
"Hey, we should do something tomorrow."
"With Reyna, Howard and Silvia?" I asked.
"Silvia's hella annoying. I meant just me and you but if you want, they could come too."
"What did you have in mind?"
He stopped to think for a minute, "Oh crap. Tomorrow's Saturday, isn't it?"
"Yeah?"
"I have to do something with my dad tomorrow, but maybe you could come."
"What is it? What do you have to do?"
"Hey Vi," my dad came back into the kitchen. "Your mom's getting ready for bed, but she wanted to talk to you for a minute."
"O...ok. I'll be right back."
+Austin's POV+
"So Austin..." Violet's dad trailed off, "How are you and your parents liking LA so far?"
That small question made this whole conversation suddenly feel like an interrogation. I swallowed the bite of pizza quickly while thinking of an answer. I hated LA, but I didn't know whether or not that answer would offend him, "Ehhh, it's ok I guess. Not my first choice but probably not my last either."
"What part of France did you live in?"
"Paris."
"Are you making friends here easily?"
That was quite an odd question to ask. It was one I would have expected my mom or dad to ask me when I was in kindergarten, not when I was nearly done with high school. Besides, I'm Austin Cruise people follow me like I'm some sort of God. I have friends everywhere.
Honestly though, I only have a few here and they aren't nearly the quality friends I'm used to. Silvia is attached and annoying, Reyna swears a little too much, Howard is more girl than guy and Violet...I don't know if there is actually anything wrong with her. "Um...yeah. I have all the friends I need."
"Good...good. Honestly I was a little surprised when Vi came home and told me she met a millionaire. You seem like you could be a better influence on her than her other friends anyway. I don't like how much that Reyna girl swears."
"Yeah, I can second that. My parents would bust a nut if they ever heard me talk the way she does sometimes."
"I like you Cruise."
"Thanks...Mr. Rhys."