
Chapter Four: Bust a Nut

The food was so delicious but I felt awkward eating in front of this millionaire family. Every time I looked down at my plate to put something on my fork, I felt their eyes on me. The fact that I put way more food on my plate than the rest of them didn't quite help my case either.
God, all Genevieve had on her plate was a small salad. She must be anorexic or something. "So what do your parents do, Violet?" She asked.
"My dad does design at Microsoft."
"And your mother...?" She asked as if she was actually expecting something.
Austin cleared his throat, "Um...let's talk about something else," he suggested, knowing that my mom was a soft subject.
"Austin, you're interrupting."
"No, I wasn't," he said quietly while standing up, "Violet, are you done eating?"
I still had a full plate of food, but I suddenly wasn't hungry anymore. The hot pockets I had at home seemed a hell of a lot more appealing right now. "Yeah, I'm done," I too got up and then followed him out of the dining room towards the front door.
"I'm sorry about that. She thinks both parents should work even though her only job is to spend all of the money my dad earns."
"I take it you don't have a very strong relationship with your mom," I said as we both got into the car.
"Where'd you get that idea? I love my mom. She's just...rude sometimes," he said while pulling out of the driveway.
+++

"Wow, you're a tad late," my dad said as I walked up the driveway. "You're just in time for dinner though. Ask Austin if he wants to join us."
"I'd love to," Austin said while coming to stand next to us in front of the door. "Lets hope your dinner goes better than mine," he whispered.
My dad gave him a weird look but said nothing of it, "Well, I hope you like pizza." Awesome, the one time we have a millionaire over is the one time we have pizza. Could have been something a little classier.
"I love pizza."
We all walked in the house and joined my mom in the kitchen. Her eyes went wide as she looked at Austin and then towards the stairs as if planning an escape route. It didn't take me long to notice why she seemed anxious.
Instead of her long blonde wig, she was wearing a purple bandana around her balding head. That bandana was a bad reminder of everything I was scared of. Before I could even blink, she was heading towards the stairs and pulling my dad along with her.
"What just happened?" Austin asked.
I walked over to the sliced up pizza, "She gets self conscious about the hair thing. I mean, my dad and I barely see her with her 'wig'."
"You look a lot like your mom," he said as I handed him a piece of pizza and then moved to sit on one of the barstools.
"So I've been told."
"You know, my Grandma Cruise got cancer a few years ago. She's still going strong," he looked awkward, as if he thought the only thing he was aloud to talk about was my mom's cancer. "I'm sure your mom's going to be fine."
I shook my head, "The doctor's gave her a year at the most. I don't know if 'fine' is the right word."
He looked down at the floor, "God, Violet...I'm sorry."