
William and George started to walk away and Gregory followed behind them. Austin didn't move so I stayed with him, "What was that all about?" I asked as he slipped onto the sofa.
"He's a circus monkey...clearly. I don't talk to circus monkeys or any kind of animal in general."
"It was still rude and you're making your dad look bad. First impressions mean everything."
"Than why am I still talking to you?" He asked, an eyebrow raised in curiosity. "You made a terrible first impression. For the first week of school, I thought you were a stalker. Say 'I love you' in French," he mimicked a high pitched girly voice.
"I didn't say that!" I snapped and reached over to slap him playfully, "That was Melissa that said that and you know it."
"Mmm...do I? Guilty by association. Don't beat yourself up over it, Howard made a worse first impression than you. To be completely honest, you're the only decent one out of that group. I can't stand Reyna and Silvia, and then Howard is just a little too creepy."
I didn't know what to say in response to that.
"What did Howard do to make a bad first impression? Personally, I think you just have sky high standards." I stated.
"Well...I was at the beach with my mom and my cousin Pricilla on one of the hot summer days. It was actually my first week here. I was literally just sitting there because I was way too lazy to walk down the beach a few feet to the water, and then here comes this weird guy who says that 'I'm so hot, he could make cookies on me'. I was a little freaked out."
"Then how did you become friends?"
"I wouldn't call us friends really. But...if you must know everything, he said he was with a friend and that friend was a girl. My guy instincts kicked in and we hung out. I was disappointed to see that his friend was actually Silvia."
"So you became friends with Howard to get close to girls?"
"Essentially, yes."
"You're shallow."
"I am very aware."
"How do I know you're a genuine friend to me than?" I asked. What if he really thought I was annoying too but just didn't say it to my face?
"You're not annoying like Silvia, you don't cuss like Reyna, and you're not nearly as creepy as Howard. I value our friendship very much. And why would I waste my precious weekends on you if I didn't consider you somewhat worthy of all this?" He motioned arrogantly to his body.
"Just...shut up, will you?"
"You know I'm hot."