
+Austin's POV+
I was doing my daily rounds from my bedroom upstairs to the snack pantry on the other side of the house on the first level. It was Sunday, my only free day in the whole week and believe it or not, sometimes I didn't even get Sundays.
Everyone, and by that I mean my mom and dad, were out, doing god knows what. I didn't really care either.
"Austin."
I almost fell down the stairs, startled. Someone calling my name when the house was supposed to be empty is enough to scare the life out of me. I scoped the room out, "Mom? Why are you home?"
"Just came by to check on you...and to give you some news," she smiled while pulling the designer sunglasses away from her face and putting them on top of her head. "Your cousin Adrien is flying in from Paris. He'll be here later tonight. I can't go and pick him up though and it's not fair to hire a driver, so you should go meet him at LAX."
"Why's he coming here?" Adrien was my bud, but waiting in airports wasn't my thing.
"Family issues, darling. It doesn't concern you."
"Am I not part of this family? Why can't you tell me?"
"Austin, drop it please. I'd like you to leave here around 8 so you can get there by 9:30," she pulled her sunglasses back down over her eyes and proceeded to walk to the front door, heels clanking loudly on the marble floors. "I'm going back out with Camilla and Carla," her rich lady friends.
"Maybe you should wear some shoes you can actually walk in," I called out just before she reached the door.
"Maybe you should buy me some then."
"I'll tell dad."
+++
"Took ya long enough," I said as Violet finally opened her front door. "I've only been standing here for three minutes. Your house isn't even that big."
"Who do you think you are?" She sassed while crossing her arms over her chest. "You can't just come by without telling me and then expect speedy service. That's not how this works. You can't insult a normal person home either when you've only lived in mansions. Now what do you want?"
"Come with me to the airport."
She gave me a crazy look, as if I had just asked her to runaway with me or something, "Why?"
"I have to pick up my cousin. I don't like waiting around by myself."
"Oh. Well I can't, I'm watching movies with my mom."
"Violet," I whined, "I'll bring you right back. It won't be that long."
She gave me a stern look, "Fine. Let me put on some real pants though," she turned to start walking back inside but I grabbed her wrist and pulled her back.
"Kinda running really behind schedule so...yeah."
"I look like crap Austin, and you're a millionaire celebrity. Wherever celebrities go, cameras follow and I don't want to be on the cover of some magazine in a Christmas sweater and athletic shorts!"
I stopped everything I was doing, getting completely serious, "Vi, you look fine," I mean, she was no super model, but her boringness was attractive in an odd way. It was hard to sound serious though when she looked like she had just won an ugly sweater contest.
"You should be a politician," she said, a pissed off smile on her face.