
"Relax, ma. It's not like they're staying that long anyway," Austin said while handing me a pair of car keys. "Open the garage. I'll be back in a minute," he said before entering the large house right behind his mother.
"Does anyone else think he likes Violet a little more than the rest of us?" Reyna asked as we walked the short distance from the driveway to the small mansion sized garage. "I mean seriously Vi, the guy drives you home from school every freaking day. I think he's picking favorites."
"No. He's just nice," I responded to her ridiculous theory as I walked into the garage filled with luxury cars. It was like looking right at a million good bricks. This was just...wow.
"Than why the hell doesn't be drive me home?" Howard asked. "I walk every damn day and you should too, lazy ass."
"Oh man," Austin now entered, "My mom would kill you...and me...if she heard you talking like that."
"You're not aloud to swear?" Silvia asked, coming off as the dumb blonde she was more than half the time.
"Of course not. My parents think bad words are a sign of no class. I guess we have class in this family. I wanna go for a ride. Lets go for a ride. I'm supposed to kick you all out before dinner anyway."

+++

"This is me," Reyna said as Austin came to a sudden stop in front of her one story, suburban home. Austin decided to play the saint and drop us all off. Personally, I think he just liked his cars a little too much.
Reyna was the last person other than myself to get dropped off. Sadly, my house was the furthest away so I was going to be dead last as always. "Thanks for the ride, Austin. I'll talk to you guys on Monday," Reyna said before closing the back door and running up the driveway to her front door.
"Oh crap," Austin said while looking down, in search of something.
"Don't swear, huh?" I laughed.
"I never said I didn't. I said I wasn't aloud to. And you're elementary if you think crap is a swear word. I've been saying that since third grade, granted it was in a different language."
"Oh whatever. What's wrong?"
"Forgot my phone," he said casually while pulling away from Reyna's house. "I'm gonna go back home real quick before I take you back...if that's alright."
I fought myself from sighing really loud. I just wanted to go home and go to bed, "Yeah. It's fine."
"Great."
+++

"Austin, sweetheart. It's time for dinner. Oh...you still have friends over," his mom said just as we were making our way down the stairs and finally about to leave. "She can stay if she wants, but lets go. It's going to get cold."
"Oh...k then. Violet, I guess you're staying for dinner," he lead me into the dining room where his mother was taking a seat and there was already some man eating...probably his dad, Mr. Cruise himself.
Mrs. Cruise gave Austin some sort of look as the two of us sat down. I don't think I've ever felt so uncomfortable in my whole life. Dinner with the millionaire's...yay.