
Chapter One: Je t'aime
Ah, eleventh grade, junior year, one step to finally being an adult. It was the moment I looked forward to all sophomore year, and now that I'm here, I wish it was over.
The school halls of Chaplin High were packed with everyone ranging from their freshman to senior years. You could really pick the freshman out of the group though. They were the most annoying without a doubt.
I was on a mission to find my friends. I hadn't seen them much over the summer since my dad thought it would be fun to drag me to New York with him for basically my entire time off. He was sent on a business trip there for the company he works for.
I spotted Howard, the friendly giant, all the way down at the end of the hallway. I almost broke out in a full sprint to meet him, "Howie!" I yelled right before crashing into him with a welcoming hug.
"Hey Vi. How was New York?"
"It was boring. Where's Silvia and Reyna?" Silvia was the kind and compassionate, aspiring musician and probably the closest to me out of the three good friends I had, whereas Reyna was a raging jerk who could make you feel lower than low with just her words in a matter of seconds. For some reason we all got along well though.
"I don't know," he said as we continued our search for them.
"So how was your summer? Did you do anything fun?" I asked.
"Eh...not really. Silv and I met some new people. Reyna had to go to Florida with her family to visit relatives, so it was a pretty damn uneventful summer."
I smiled, "Met some new people? Like who?"
"This new kid moved to town shortly after you left. He's from France and guess what?"
"What?"
"He's the son of a millionaire. His dad owns the multimillion dollar Silver franchise."
I hadn't ever heard of the Silver franchise before, maybe it was French made American, "What's in this franchise exactly?"
"You know, I don't really remember. There was a lot of stuff, but I think I do recall like a record label or something. That's not all they own though."
"Who is this guy? Is he cool? Cute? Does he even speak English? You said he was from France," I questioned. If he was going to be apart of our clique, he needed to at least know the English basics.
"His name's Austin Cruise and I'm pretty sure every girl wishes she could get a little piece of him and maybe even some guys think that too. Yes of course he speaks English you stupid, stupid girl. Hey guys!" He shouted just as Reyna and Silvia popped out of nowhere.
And before anyone could say anything else, the first bell had rung, meaning we had five minutes to get to our first period class. Since it was the first day of school though, we didn't go to first period right away. Everyone went to their connections class. We basically met once a week for thirty minutes just to discuss our plans for the future. I didn't have this class with any of my friends though so I started my lonely journey to the top floor and all the way down the hallway to Miss McBride's class. It was actually a pretty small class. The people that were in it were the same people that have been with me the past 3 years and we'll all be in the same class next year too.
That being said, I was a little thrown off to see a new face talking to my favorite teacher in the whole world. He was definitely a heartthrob with the obviously athletic body and shaggy brown hair.
I wondered who this new god was.