
You were the cousin of Mavis Vermillion when you were two your parents died in a tragic fire and Mavis's parents took you in. You and Mavis had become more like sisters over the coming years one day when you were both seven she told you about her dream. "One day I'm going to create a guild (y/n) and it'll be called Fairy Tail the guild mark will look just like this" she said creating a stamp with her magic. Looking at the stamp you asked timidly if you could join. "Of course silly you and me will be the founders of this guild I'll be the Guild master and you'll be our strongest member!" She said excitedly " now what color do you want your mark to be." Slowly infusing your magic in the stamp you choose the color of a galaxy that faded into a ying yang sort of thing except with a heavenly blue-white and a bright blood red.
Over the next few years we began to design the guild but on the night of my tenth birthday the house was burnt down leaving nothing but ash. The other villagers had determined that everyone in the house had died, slowly sinking to the ground you began to weep. The next day the funerals were held; you slowly left the village after the ceremony only to return to a large Dragon swooping down over head as he grabbed you with his claws. Dropping you in a field he landed next to you slowly speaking " Hello and what is your name young one?" Looking up at the large black dragon you replied " it's (y/n) sir, and what is yours if I may ask?" " My name is Acnologia would you like to become my daughter and learn all sorts of magic?" Jumping up and down you nodded your head violently " yes please sir yes please!" " Come then child we must begin your training." Leaving with your new father you spent the next hundred years learning every type of magic and mastering them all. But one day your father left leaving your immortal body to search for him for two years.
Eventually you began to use your magic to rid the land of Fiore of evil demons pretending to be good people. This earned you the title of Rauko seeing as no one knew your true indentity or your even your gender. You had stopped aging at the age of eighteen and kept your Fairy Tail mark above your heart. Placing your hand over your mark you heard a loud and rowdy group of five approach the train behind you. As you boarded the train you noticed the fairy tail signs on their bodies. Watching the group with interest you felt the train shift as the cloak hiding your body fell away. Quickly rushing to the front of the train you began to see the problem a group of thugs had attacked the train and managed to tip it. Slowly tipping the train to its correct position you began to fight the thugs as you felt the group from earlier approach you from behind. Quickly taking out the last thug you teleported back onto the train, making sure no one was hurt. The group stood outside the train stunned remembering the mark on your chest that reassembled their marks quite significantly. Rushing onto the train they ran to where you had sat originally, but before they could even utter a word your cold clear voice cut through the air. "Tell me what guild do you belong to children?" "We belong to Fairy Tail, might we ask who you are." The red head replied. Softly you replied "Could you take me to your guild I believe I need to talk to your master." Standing up as the train came to a stop outside the station. Hesitating they slowly nodded and led you to the guild hall, walking into the guild you noticed the roughness and rowdiness of the guild. Quickly walking onto the second floor you walked to the door that was supposed to hold the guild masters office according to your and Mavis's plans. Knocking on the door you heard a gruff voice reply from within. " Come in!" You slowly opened the door as the master looked up at you. He was a short plump old man but you could sense a strong amount of within him still. "Hello master I do believe that this is the guild Mavis Vermillion created yes?" Looking up at me he slowly replied that yes it in fact was. Slowly sighing you nodded as he looked at the mark on your chest eyes widening. "No it can't be your the first member of Fairy Tail! Your (y/n), your Mavis's cousin! But you should be dead!" "Well considering I'm immortal that would be quite hard to do." you said giggling. The master looked up at me in shock before smiling brightly "well let's go meet your guild then shall we?" Grabbing his sleeve before he could leave you stated that he was not to say who you were, to just say that you were an S-class wizard who had just returned from a job. "Fairy Tail attention please." Everyone stopped what they were doing and looked up at the master. "I would like to welcome one of our s-class wizards back home! Everyone this is (y/n) our strongest teenage wizard!" Everyone looked up in shock " Welcome (y/n)!" Everyone yelled. Well little cousin looks like I'm home you thought as you looked into the sky.