
Once you walked down the stairs you were greeted by the group on the train. The red head stepped up and introduced herself as Erza Scarlet, the others soon following her lead. The blonde girl was named Lucy, and the pink haired child was Natsu. The exceed introduced himself as Happy while the ice mage sat at the table you all stood in front of. You had noticed that he had his head on his arms laying on the table seeming to be asleep. Erza quickly shook the young boy waking him from his slumber "Sup names Gray Fullbuster." "Names (y/n)." You sat down next to Gray as Natsu talked about a job they were going on. "Hey (y/n) you want to come with us!" "Sorry Natsu" you replied " I already have a job lined up, it's called finding a house." " Fine but when I get back we are totally fighting!" "Ok Natsu have fun with that I said as I left. "Wait (y/n) what type of magic do you use?" "Oh that's easy I use Dark Flame magic." You replied before walking out the door.
Roaming the streets you searched for a house, suddenly stumbling into a small clearing deep in the middle of the woods. Using your magic you created a small house with two stories. As you walked inside you saw a table and kitchen, conjuring a burger you chowed down. Once you were done eating you went upstairs and fell asleep on the large bed that had manifested there.
When you woke up the next morning, you got dressed in a black tank top with bright red shorts that stopped in the middle of your thighs. You then headed to the guild to try and get a job. Walking inside the guild you saw the group from yesterday already back. Natsu walked up to you demanding to fight you, "fine Natsu then will you leave me alone!," You moaned in annoyance. "Yes, come on let's take this outside!," he replied excitedly. When you got outside Natsu got into a fighting position while you simply stood infront of him. "Fire Dragon Roar!," he shouted. Quickly using your flames you absorbed the attack and sent it right back at him faster than ever. He quickly jumped out of the way knowing that these weren't normal flames. The flames slowly crept up his leg slowly burning him, "What the HELL!," Natsu yelled as the flames surrounded him trapping him as you forced him to his knees. You quickly made the flames vanish before the flames could hurt the boy any further and helped him up. Everyone stared at you in shock "no wonder you were the strongest teenage wizard" they all thought.