
Mitch's POV
Avi is so ridiculous. I mean, believes in dragons. Dragons. That ridiculous enough for you? But he's ridiculous in a good way, a way that can make anybody smile at him when they aren't feeling too hot.
Actually, that about sums all of us up right about now. Not feeling too hot...
You see, on tour, you can be very prone to catch sicknesses that tend to spread within your group in a matter of hours. Such as ours, right now.
Esther thinks we all have a flu of some sort, but Scott has been screaming about how 'We all have ebola!' for the past 2 days. I swear to God, sometimes I don't know how I can stand him. Lately he's been obsessing over his boyfriend, Alex, more than usual and it's annoying everybody, especially me. Sure, I'm his long-time best friend and all, but whenever he starts on how 'perfect' Alex is, I can't help but feel like he's rubbing his happiness in my face. He's so damn oblivious...
But, here we are, cramped up in our tour bus with pounding heads and raging fevers. At this point, we were still miles away from any rest stops or motels, and Esther barely had any idea where we were at all.
"I told you guys. It's EBOLA. When we all die, I get to say I told you so!" Scott muttered from the bunk across from me. I rolled my eyes and gave him an annoyed look, not wanting to try to talk with my sore throat. I would tell Scott to shut the hell up, but I figured that adding tension to the sick atmosphere in our bus wasn't that smart of an idea.
But Scott...Scott was always just... like that. Whenever he made up his mind about something, he rarely thought otherwise. Unless I convinced him, of course. When it comes to Scott, I seem to have a special talent for finding things about him that he didn't even know himself.
"Scooter, I swear to god," Kirstie threatened from her bunk, "I will come over there and rip your tonsils out with my bare hands if you don't stop talking about godamn ebola!" I struggled to hold in my laughter, but I just ended up hysterically coughing into the crook of my elbow, giggling and gasping for air in between each dry hack.
Scott stuck his tongue out at Kirstie and spoke in his 5-year-old voice, "Boo-hoo for you Kitty! I got my tonsils removed! A-ha!"
"Then I'll shove Mitch's sandal down your throat!" Kirstie tried to stay mad, but a grin slowly made its way onto her lips , lighting up her pale face.
"No! Don't drag me into this!" I looked from smiling Kirstie to pouting Scott with my own smile as wide as I could make it in my current state of hysteria.
Kevin sighed and looked at his phone, the light from the screen making him squint. "It's 5:55..." He sipped from his water bottle and glanced down at Avi who was fast asleep on his bunk. "How can he sleep through all the bumps in the road..." Kevin wondered out loud. I shrugged and went back to staring at the roof of the bus, searching for a flaw, any dent or scratch, anything to take my mind off of the dull throbbing in the back of my head.
A sudden wave of drowsiness washed over me as I lost focus on the ceiling and felt my body go numb from the neck down. Wait. I can't feel my body? That's not good, right?! I turned my head to Scott and opened my mouth to say something, but all that came out was a sleepy half-moan half-sigh. Scott Kirstie and Kevin all looked like they would fall asleep any second, and none of them made much effort to stay awake as the overpowering feeling of sleepiness returned.
As my eyes fluttered shut, a strange and frightening thought entered my mind.
Is this what death feels like?
Then I lost all sense of consciousness and slipped into the darkness surrounding me.