
When I was a little girl, I always thought that I would be the woman that waited for her mate.  I would look around and see happy mates together, getting married and having children of their own.  It would make me smile.  What could be greater than that?  I knew I only wanted one thing... to be happily mated.  Those were the dreams before I became the Alpha's Mistress.
Life was easy for me.  I did well enough in school.  My parents were loving.  I made friends and life went on at a casual pace.  It wasn't until I turned eighteen that things began to change.  Within a pack, we are a tight knit sort of family.  We help each other and care for one another.  Pack members who become solidary are kicked out to become rogues.  Without each other this pack would not thrive.
It was a lovely sunny day in northern Montana.  The warm sun felt nice against my skin.  I left my long brown hair down that day.  I was wanting a change.  Something different in my monotonous, calm life.  I wore simple blue jeans and a pink t-shirt.  Today I was helping watch my aunt's children.  She had three boys and one girl.  I was sitting on a swing at the playground and watched and the boys chased my neice.  She was beautiful with long, flowing carmel hair with big brown eyes, like her mother.  The little girl screamed as the boys playfully tackled her, rubbing grass in her hair.
I enjoyed watching them play.  They were easy children and easy to take care of.  After a while, I noticed the daylight fading.
With a whistle I called to the children, "Come, let's go! I bet your mom has dinner ready!"
The four ran up to me and proceeded by pulling on my arms and asking what treats they were going to have after dinner.
I shook my head laughing, "That is up to your mother."
We walked back to my aunt's house.  Each pack family had their own quaint house.  It helped to ease tensions as we were around each other 24/7.  The house was just ahead.  I really looked at it, while leading the children home.  It was a simple stick-built home with tan siding and white shutters.  The front lawn was went kept and flower beds lay on each side of the stair well.  My aunt was an avid landscaper, but where she found the time to landscape I shall never know.
It was late enough that the solar lanterns lining the driveway were starting to glow.
"Come, we don't want to make mommy mad, do we?" I asked as the children wearily walked down the sidewalk.
As I walked up the front steps, I glanced back.  The children followed right behind me.  I opened the front door for them and looked back and peered into the distance.  I peered into the growing darkness.  Where was my mate? It was rare, but some wolves never found their mates.  Would I end up being one of the few unlucky? With a sign, I shuffled inside.
The door closed with a soft thud.  I closed my eyes basking in the comfort smells of freshly grilled steak.  My sister glanced at me while setting down plates of food in front of her children.
"Did they behave themselves?"  She asked.
I nodded with a smile.
"There's extra if you want some..." She offered.
I accepted and filled up a plate of food.  I sat down next to one of the blonde boys.  They were shoveling the food into their mouths in a very boyish manner, while their sister slowly ate her food.  She was such the little princess.
Would I ever have pups of my own? A sudden realization hit me.  What if I never had pups, never found my mate, and never had nothing more than this monotonous life? The thoughts didn't sit well with me as I chewed my steak.  The longer I pondered, the more bland the steak became.  After forcing the food down, I thanked my sister for the meal and said good night to my neice and nephews.  They ran to say their goodbyes, after which I left with a heavy heart.