
Luka looked to Kaito before answering.  “This… this is our first meeting,” she said, stumbling over her words.
Kaito seemed as surprised as Miku was, but added nothing as Luka recovered from her odd behavior.  “Kaito, I didn’t realize you’d be coming by tonight… are you a friend of Miku’s?”
‘Crap!’ Miku thought to herself.  “Oh yea, we go way back!” she said, deciding to cover for Kaito’s reluctance to speak, “Like, I mean, from Kyoto, you know?  Where I was living before?”
Luka was regarding her oddly, but Kaito seemed to swing into action behind Miku’s explanation. “Yes… it was quite fortunate,” he said, “We haven’t encountered each other since we were children.  She found me after my accident and saw me to safety.”
“Then I shouldn’t get in the way of this little visit, should I?” Luka said, her face having returned to a more natural smile, “It’s important to stay close to your friends, after all. If you haven’t seen Miku since Kyoto… it must have been a surprise to see her all grown up!”
“Well, um…” Miku said, “He’s actually going to be staying with me for a little longer.  We got to talking at the hospital and… “
“… Miku graciously allowed me a place in her home until I’ve gotten my affairs in order,” Kaito finished.
Luka nodded her head.  “I… I understand…” she said.
She gave a polite wave as she started to depart.  “Then I’ll be seeing a lot more of you, Kaito!  Eenjoy the city!”
The odd look in Luka’s eyes as she lingered on Kaito made Miku curious if something was upsetting her sempai.  Perhaps Kaito made Luka think of someone from her own childhood…

“This is my home, Kaito!  And yours too… for now.”
Kaito broke his long train of thought to examine the abode.  It appeared quite small – enough room for one person, just barely two.  The furniture and technology astounded him - most of it still appeared foreign to his sensibilities.  He had only vague understandings of how some of the devices she possessed worked – he hoped he wouldn’t make any embarrassing mistakes trying to learn the rest.
His eyes were drawn to a large glass door overlooking a tiny patio near the couch Miku had just rushed over to.  “Hey, Kaito, this is where you’ll sleep!” she called out.
He nodded politely to Miku. Right now, he just wanted some time to process everything that had happened to him. He still had no idea how he was going to invent another past for himself as a human. Just a brief conversation with Miku’s friend gave him trouble – he’d had to play along with what Miku had said, but he didn’t even know where this “Kyoto” was.
By now Miku had unfolded his bed and now she was gesturing to the objects in the apartment. He tried to focus on her rapid explanations. “Bathroom’s over here, toilet’s right next door,” she said, “You probably want to clean up after today.  Until we get some shopping done, you’ll have to use my soap and stuff.  Hope you like pomegranates!”
She giggled to herself.  He understood she’d made a joke, he just had trouble laughing at jokes right now.  She walked towards a small room he gathered was her kitchen.  “You can help yourself to anything in the fridge,” she said.
He glanced around the kitchen noting many other odd devices – he began to panic when he realized Miku would have expected him to know how to cook his own food.  Hopefully humans prepared some meals with simpler tools and not just the strange machines in front of him.  But he nodded in acknowledgement anyway, trying to hide his confusion.