
Something about the girl’s next words to him made him change his mind…

“Please, trust me…” she whispered as she propped his arms around her shoulders and grabbed his legs, trying to keep him steady despite him being almost a foot taller than her, “I promise… no matter what happens, I’ll protect you.”

Whoever she was… to her, he wasn’t scrap.  He wasn’t broken.  To her… his life meant something.
Perhaps she wasn’t a person – an ancestor’s spirit that hadn’t lost faith in him yet. In spite of how dry his throat felt, in spite of how close he felt to crossing the veil… he decided for this girl’s sake if nothing else, he would attempt to preserve his own life.  He felt the strength of a healing ballad building in his heart…

As Miku ran out of the woods and back to the park, she became aware of a song in the air, just barely audible.  ‘Is that… him?’ she thought to herself. Suddenly a bright light flashed around her, almost causing her to drop her human load from the surprise.  In the confusion, she heard the familiar zooming of a small engine approaching her…
“Oh my god oh my GOD LOOK OUT AHHHH!”
Miku barely got out of the way as the enormous orange scooter screeched to a halt, just inches from running her over.  Now with the driver right in front of her, she could finally get a good look at her – a girl in a cute orange outfit, red goggles over her eyes and hair glimmering green.  “The heck was that light!?!” she said, before her eyes fell to Miku and the person she carried. “Holy cow, is that a CORPSE!?”
The girl had already hopped off her bike and started examining the man Miku was carrying.  “Please, we need to call an ambulance!” Miku tried to say.
The girl turn to face her and gave Miku a huge, cocky grin.  “Why waste time on a slow ambulance?!” she said, “My scooter’s wayyyyy faster!  Come on, hop on! It's a two seater!”

The scooter ride across town was the most nightmare inducing incident Miku would ever have, trying to stay gripped to the wild driver without dumping their patient as she zipped through cars and traffic signals with reckless abandon.  Yet Miku never once heard the song from the park cease even though the man on her back was entirely motionless.
As the scooter screeched up to the hospital, the driver gave Miku a hand pulling their patient inside.  In moments, the boy was loaded up onto a gurney and wheeled away. As he passed through the doors into the emergency room, only now did the beautiful song cease.
“Did… did you hear a song?” Miku asked the girl with her.
She shook her head as she flipped her red goggles up over her bangs.  “I didn’t hear nothin’ but the road!”
She looked to Miku, revealing bright green eyes. “By the way, kid…”
‘Kid?!’ Miku thought, ‘There’s no way you’re older than me!’
“If you don’t know that guy…”
Miku shook her head quickly.
“… well, you better say you do if you wanna stick around with him…”
To Miku’s chagrin, scooter girl was right – she hadn’t seen any sign of a phone or an ID on the man when she’d brought him in.  Somehow she suspected he might not have anyone.  “Don’t worry, just do the ‘He’s my cousin’ line… always works for me.”