
A smile that faded when she noticed blood at the tip.  Miku jumped to her feet as the last of the feathers blew away – several more of them far more obviously coated in blood.  ‘Did a bird hit a bike?! No… these are bigger feathers than any bird except…’
Miku grabbed her notebook and spied the source of the feathers as they blew out from deep in the trees at the edge of the park. ‘I have to find out…!’ she thought to herself as she tore off in the direction of the gusts of feathers.  So many thoughts raced through her head…
As she passed deeper into the woods, Miku noticed a few more trails of blood in the grass.  Though she began to have second thoughts about where she was going, she had a deep hunch that somewhere someone was hurt.  She bit her lip and forged ahead, actually following the blood stains.
She clutched a hand to her mouth – she’d only smelled this much blood once in her life, and she’d never wished to again.  But that was not to be as she finally stumbled upon a man with deep blue hair and strange white and violet robes, lying down on his stomach in a giant red puddle.  “Sir!  Sir!” she said, “Are you okay?  Are you alive!?  Please, please be alive!”
She knelt down next to him in one of the few non-bloody spots, trying to see how badly he’d been wounded.  His head rested on its side, revealing no injuries there. His face appeared still, like a doll’s. The most obvious wounds were two long, strange gashes around his shoulder blades, but from how much he was bleeding, she suspected he was far more hurt than he appeared.  Like he’d been shot at. By now, Miku was beginning to sob, believing this poor man was already dead…
…until he began to stir.  His eyelids barely opened, and she saw two beautiful but weak blue eyes try to focus on her.

He’d already surrendered himself to the icy grip of death. He had nothing to return to – no home, no station.  They’d reject him, throw him back into the same world that already destroyed him.
The blond woman had called him scrap.  Like he was less than a person.  The lumbering man had been singing as he’d been mutilated, weakly protesting that he was still alive.  Either they hadn’t heard him… or they hadn’t cared.
Now he was aware of someone shouting at him.  ‘Gakupo?’ He thought. No, this was a woman. ‘Meiko?’ No, she sounded a little younger.  His mind barely focused on her words, he wanted to ignore it.  He was broken.  Val’Sharess.  But as she kept trying to reach out to him, something about her voice made him try to listen to her…

“Sir, you’re alive!” Miku shouted, “Please!  Who did this to you?!”
He began to speak quietly, but his words sounded so bizarre… almost as though he was speaking another language.  It wasn’t English or Japanese… perhaps he didn’t understand her?  But as she took another look at his injuries, she realized medical attention was more important than answers.
She immediately pulled out her phone, but the reception appeared dead.  ‘I’m too far away from the tower!’ she thought, ‘But I can’t abandon him!’ Miku had no other choice – in spite of his larger size, she’d have to try and carry him.  As she began to lift him, he gave her no resistance – either he had understood, or he was too weak to stop her.

As the girl gripped him, he tried to focus on her.  Did she intend to take him back?!  He’d already tried to talk to her… had he been so unfocused that he’d started speaking in the old tongues? He tried to say something, anything.  He didn’t want her to waste her time on “scrap.”  ‘Please let me die…’ he tried to say. But his words continued to slur together, making no sense.