
Finally the girl fell silent and Kaito realized he needed to say something. He bowed deeply to her out of gratitude.  “Thank you, Miku, for you generosity.”
When he straightened out again, he realized he’d probably done something wrong again from the odd look on Miku’s face.  Yet she smiled and bowed back.  “I should probably get out of your way… you’re probably tired and I need to check my e-mail before bed anyway…”
As Kaito watched Miku crossing the threshold into her room, he finally asked the most important question on his mind since he’d met her.  “Why are you doing this?”
The girl stopped, leaning against her open bedroom door, right hand twisting the knob.  “You don’t know who I am or where I came from… you know I lied about my past, and you know someone tried to kill me.  Wouldn’t it be safer to leave me alone?”
Miku finally turned to face him, a faraway look in her eyes.  “A long time ago, somebody helped me. Someone I never forgot.”
Though she smiled again, he detected somber notes in her voice.  Something about what she said invoked a powerful memory inside her heart.  “You kinda look like him, you know?” she said, “I guess all I could think was… he’d be happy if I did the same thing for someone else that he did for me.”
Kaito felt pangs of guilt for having pried such a tender memory loose in Miku’s heart.  But the intensity of her feelings for that person convinced him that her intentions were pure.  The girl waved a hand to him.  “Good night, Kaito.”
As the door closed, for the first time in hours, Kaito found himself alone.  He slipped off his jacket, carefully folding it and placing it on a nearby table.  As he entered the room Miku had gestured to looking for blankets, he felt relieved that at least the plumbing wasn’t dramatically different from what he’d been forced to make use of in the lab…
Kaito shuddered, trying to push those thoughts far from his mind.  As he finally settled himself onto the futon, his first real bed since his ordeal began, he stared up at the waning moon and the stars in the sky.  A sky he could never roam again. A home he could never return to because of what he’d become.
Val’Sharess. Wingless.  The last Spirit Caller, fallen so far as to never be acknowledged again.  He prayed they would never learn what happened to him. Being alone was better than being exiled…
“Meiko…. Gakupo… I’m so sorry…”

As Miku began to change into a tank top and light shorts, she tried to suppress the emotions Kaito kept dragging out of her.  He was right – she really didn’t know a thing about him.  But she hadn’t lied to him either.  Deep in her heart… she couldn’t forget the blue-haired boy with wings.
She walked over to her dresser, rooting through the top drawer until she found a pink keepsake box.  She set it down at her vanity and grasped for her purse.  Rooting around inside, though wrinkled from the day spent bouncing around unprotected, was one of the feathers she’d grabbed from Tsubasa Park.
Miku popped up the lid of the keepsake box and laid eyes on her only proof that the blue-haired boy with wings was real.  A long, fluffy white feather she’d grabbed as he sped away into the vast blue sky.
She stared up at her wall, covered in sketches and drawings of feathers, wings, and most importantly… him.  Everything she could remember, to keep every detail about him real.  She’d almost confessed the truth to Kaito… he was the right age… the injuries on his back… but there was one nagging hole in her theory.  He had no idea who she was.  If Kaito really was him… surely he’d remember?