
Miku couldn’t complain too much about the Kagamines of course – they had given her access to their in-house recording studio to make this song in the first place.
“Oh my, Miku!  What are you doing out so early?”
Miku popped off her earbuds for a moment as she caught sight of the pink-haired fourth member of the group – she only lived a block away. “Luka!  Sempai!” she said, trying to force a smile in spite of the dreary sky, “I just fell out of bed… JUMPED out of bed this morning, full of energy!”
Luka was in full-on student mode this morning – Miku remembered she had a 9’o clock class, so not so unusual.  Today she wore a light pink turtleneck over a long, flowing white skirt.  Miku envied her flawless appearance – she’d thrown her own clothes on at the spur of the moment.
‘NO NO NO NO!  PO-SI-TIVE!’
Luka cocked her head to one side.  “Um… Miku, are you okay?  Is there a reason you just slapped your cheek?”
Miku’s heard whirled quickly from side to side, sending her pigtails flying. “I uh… I just remembered I was heading down to Tsubasa Park!  Getting an early start on my new song!”
Miku pulled up her notebook and showed Luka the page filled with notes and scribbles.  Luka glanced through them thoughtfully.  “Oh, these are such cute lyrics,” she said, “And these are some of your outfit ideas?”
She tapped a perfectly manicured blue fingernail over a scrawled doodle of a ruffled shirt with grey pencil smudges on it.  “Yea, I’m thinking it should be covered with little splotches of color everywhere!” Miku said, excitedly.
“I’m thinking it’ll be a song about how people can communicate with just the right words… all over the world… “
Luka looked at the shirt with a smile. “It’s adorable… oh! You should wear a tie with it too! Like this!”
Luka sketched a little black tie around the collar. “Oh wow… that looks good…” Miku admitted, “But seriously, we can go over this on Saturday!”
Luka laughed politely.  “Of course,” she said, “I’ll have your pansy concept done by then too!”
The two friends laughed and parted.  ‘Luka… she’s so talented,’ Miku thought to herself, ‘Ah… sempai… if I could only be as smart and cool as you…’

Miku sat perched in the grass overlooking the ocean.  For once, she had her little section of Tsubasa Park to herself… likely because it looked like would rain any minute.  But at least that meant she had peace and quiet to think about what she needed to write next.  She hummed the melody to herself quietly, hoping it might inspire her.  “Can’t… get … this second verse off right…” she muttered, getting cross.
She grimaced as the sound of a scooter rolling through the park broke her concentration.  She tried to blot it out by singing her last verse out loud.  “Not to forget the intangible feelings, I deleted the routine layout…”
Her teal eyes settled on the ocean’s calm waves.  For a moment, she closed her eyes entirely, trying to relive that moment over again.  Of soaring over those same waves from hundreds of meters in the air.  ‘If only I had wings like him…’ she thought to herself, ‘How wonderful it must be to fly away without a care in the world…’
As Miku’s eyes opened she saw large white feathers drifting past her face.  She stared at them as the wind carried them further down the hill.  She grasped another feather as it blew past her.  ‘It looks so much like his…’ she thought to herself with a smile.