
“Miku.  I’m Hatsune Miku.”
“… my name is Kaito.”
‘Kaito…’ she thought to herself, ‘That’s… awfully normal for someone so strange.’
When Kaito said nothing else, Miku became confused.  “Um… just Kaito?”
He looked at her oddly.  “There’s supposed to be more?” he said, sounding perplexed.
Now Miku began to wonder just where Kaito had really come from to not know of hospitals or surnames.  But now that he was calm, she remembered her brief errand outside the hospital and gently placed a shopping bag on the bed.  “Here, I picked up a change of clothes for you,” she said, “So you're not just stuck in your hospital gown.”

Luka tried Miku’s phone again.  It was now past 7PM and neither she nor the twins had heard from her.  She stared at her notepad where she’d been starting to doodle a costume for her as the phone continued to ring…
“Sempai!  What are you calling about?”
“Miku!” Luka shouted in surprise, “Where were you all day?!  None of us have been able to get ahold of you!”
She heard the girl gasp on the other end of the phone.  “Oh my god, I had it on silent all day while I was at the hospital… uh…. Rin sent me a looooot of texts…”
The word ‘hospital’ only further worried Luka.  “What are you doing out there?  Did something happen? Are you sick, do you need a ride, or…”
“Nah, I can just take the bus back to my place, I’ll be fine.  Thanks for the offer though,” Miku said, sounding unconcerned about the minor panic she’d generated, “We’re almost done over here.”
“Who’s… ‘we’?”
“Oh, I was helping someone out who got hurt in the park… he’s fine now though!” Miku’s melody sounded positively cheerful, the notes in her voice dancing around with relief.
‘She stumbled on someone and dragged him to the hospital?’ Luka thought to herself, ‘Well… that’s a very ‘Miku’ thing to do…’
“What’s that? Oh hey, Kaito, those clothes look good on you!  Oh, maybe a little on the baggy side with the pants, but how do they feel?”
Her heart stopped on hearing that name.  Luka swallowed, attempting to compose herself.  ‘Kaito… is a very common name,’ she thought.
“Um… they feel fine?  I’m… not sure how you expect pants to feel…”
Luka snapped her pencil in two.
‘It can’t be…’ she thought to herself, ‘if he were here… that would mean…’
“Hey, let Rin and Len know I’m safe, okay?  Don’t worry, I’ll be in class tomorrow morning!”
As Luka heard the connection drop, she tried to calm her pounding heart.

Kaito twisted his arms around in the sleeves of his new clothes.  ‘So… this is how humans are supposed to dress…’ he thought to himself.
He was now wearing a black tank top, brown baggy pants, and white and blue sneakers.  He zipped up the elaborate blue and white jacket Miku had purchased for him.  Wrapping a blue muffler around his neck, he felt somewhat more secure knowing he could hide his face if needed…
“I guess I was right… white and blue are good colors on you…” Miku said, tilting her head as she admired her choice in Kaito’s attire. “I probably could have gotten you a smaller size of pants though…”