
The green-eyed girl gave Miku a wink.  “Buuuuut… I’m going to want to know EVERYTHING about how this all happened…”
“WHAT?!” Miku shouted, a little too loud and drawing attention from the patrons in the lobby.  More quietly, she asked “Why does it matter?”
The girl plucked a business card out of her shirt and stuffed it into Miku’s hands.  “Megpoid Gumi, kiddo,” she said with another wink, “CITIZEN blogger. And that guy… he’s gotta have a hell of a story to tell.”
Suddenly Miku began to worry suspect that this Gumi person’s seemingly altruistic act was more selfish after all.  “Um… Hatsune, was it?”
Miku turned and saw an emergency room doctor approaching her.  Gumi gave Miku a strong pat on the back.  “She’s all yours, doc!” she said, “My work is never done!”
As the “reporter” darted out of the emergency room, Miku gave the doctor an apologetic look.  “She just gave me a ride,” she said.
He shook his head. “You’re lucky that’s all she did,” he sighed, “She’s turned up here before with some odd patients.  All her ‘cousins.’ So, this man is…?”
Miku gulped. “….my cousin.  Hatsune…”
Miku blurted out the first name that came to mind.
“Hatsune Mikuo.”

In spite of the riveting lecture on 19th century music theory, Luka was consumed with worry.  It was 1:30PM and it wasn’t like Miku to just skip classes without a word.  Especially not one shared by both the freshman and sophomore Vocaloids members.  She glanced out the window, hoping to see her dear friend rushing across campus in a panic having overslept at the park or some other minor crisis.
The pink haired girl looked to the twin blondes staring at her with worry across the classroom.  She sadly shook her head. From the way the blondes fidgeted, clearly they were moments from springing out of the classroom. For once, even the studious Luka felt like joining them.  Ever since she’d woken up this morning, she’d felt some kind of omen hanging over her.  She silently prayed that her omen did not bear ill fortune for Miku…

‘I’m alive.’
He prayed with every fiber of his being that when he opened his eyes, he would be home. That every awful experience he’d had simply be the product of an awful nightmare.  That Meiko was about to chide him for his weakness and Gakupo would simply thank the spirits he was alive…
As the room he rested in grew into focus, he realized such fortune did not await him.  A dull white ceiling over his head, an infernal ringing nearby his head, and a needle jammed into his arm.  He finally became aware of odd nodes and sensors taped to his body.  Fear began to grip him as he thought he was back in the lab all over again.
He tried to find the strength to sit up, but he still felt so weak – he hadn’t finished his ballad before losing consciousness.  He heard voices outside his door and a portly woman in a white uniform entered. “Oh my!” she shouted, “Awake already?!”
He looked towards the wall, trying to pretend he couldn’t understand her.  Perhaps if he played dumb, they’d drop some useful piece of information and he could escape again… “We’ll have your cousin and the doctor paged at once!”