
“I just sing for myself…” he said, sounding guarded as he shook his head.
‘Right… he’s not going to like it if I pry…’ Miku reminded herself.
“Sorry… I’m just keeping an ear out for another male vocalist!”
That seemed to calm his nerves.  “How many performers are in your troupe?” he asked.
“Just four of us,” Miku explained, “Me, Kagamine Rin and Len, and Megurine Luka.  The name of the band is ‘Vocaloids!’  We’re not like established or anything though… so we each have another talent besides vocals too…”
‘Hee… finally someone thinks this is cool!’
Miku began counting on her fingers.  “I play the keyboard, Len plays the guitar, Rin is on the drums, and Luka covers bass guitar!”
She found herself carried away – most people never asked her about the group at all and now Kaito was fascinated.  “Plus I do choreography, Luka’s a sewing wiz, and Rin and Len work on all our songs!”
“Oh… you don’t write your own songs?” Kaito asked.
“Urk… it’s not like that.”
She thought back to how hard she’d been working on just trying to pound out song lyrics in the park.  “It’s… not that I don’t write anything…” she said, “It’s just… I’m still trying to get better at it.”
The pig-tailed girl let out a massive sigh of frustration. As the two reached their stop, Kaito looked apologetic.  “I didn’t mean to insult you,” he said, “I just wondered if you wrote that song you were singing now…”
“I came up with the idea,” she admitted, “I wrote some lyrics out, but… it just wasn’t working the first few times.”
Kaito followed closely behind Miku as she exited the bus, his eyes on the tall buildings surrounding him.  ‘Wonder if he’s ever been to a huge city like this before,’ she thought to herself, noticing that the boy seemed to be craning his neck to see the tops of the skyscrapers.  He reminded Miku of the distracted tourists to Tsubasa City she saw all the time…
The conversation petered out as the pair approached Miku’s apartment building – no skyscraper, but still a good six stories tall.  Before Miku entered, she heard a familiar voice calling out to her.  “Miku!  Wait up!”
The pig-tailed girl spun around happily as she saw Luka running over to her, clutching grocery bags in her hands.  “Sempai!” she said, “Did I catch you on the way home?”
Luka briefly caught her breath.  “I… yes, I guess so…” she said, breathing deeply.
The older girl seemed to be inspecting Miku carefully.  “Ah… Luka… Kaito was in the hospital, not me….”
The older girl made an odd face as she’d been caught.  ‘It’s not like her to be this nervous…’ Miku thought to herself.
“Is this a friend of yours?”
Miku hadn’t noticed Kaito’s approach until he spoke up.  “Oh, Kaito!  This is Luka!  I told you all about her on the bus!”
Kaito bowed his head in greeting.  “Miku informed me you’re a skilled seamstress.”
Miku looked up to Luka and noticed her face appeared paler upon seeing Kaito.  While the girl would normally have showered him with polite greetings, she was strangely silent.  “Um… sempai… you two don’t know each other, do you?”