
Miku giggled at him, as if he’d done something strange.  “What?” he asked defensively.
“You just talk so formally… though you look so young!”
Kaito rubbed a hand through his hair.  “It’s not so strange,” he said, trying to play it off, “Besides, I’m 20 years old… I’m not a child…”
Pretending to be human was going to be harder than he thought…

The bus ride back to Miku’s apartment was distressingly silent.  She kept looking to Kaito, unsuccessfully trying to come up with some conversation to break him out of his malaise.  He still seemed protective of himself and his past.  ‘Makes sense,’ she thought to herself, ‘After what he’s been through, he’s probably still scared…’
She still couldn’t answer what happened to lead him to the state she found him in.  In spite of the doctors claiming he came in with minimal to no wounds, she knew what she’d seen.  The wounds that created all the blood that soaked his beautiful clothes…
And yet, she was letting him stay in her home despite him still being a stranger.  Plus, there was the matter of how she’d found him… feathers coated in blood… the brilliant light that flashed in the park and the beautiful song in her ears… she yearned to ask him more, if he was that person, but her mind flashed back to his initial hostility in the hospital. That question could wait.
Kaito kept his eyes to the window, his gaze fixed upon the night sky. Deciding to leave him to his thoughts, Miku slipped in an ear bud attached to her smartphone, keeping one off so she could hear when her stop was announced.
“Again in this bright daydream, lively colorful music fills me…”
Miku began to imagine herself dancing around a colorful stage of shifting LED lights, wearing a pretty yellow dress.  Luka had been working on the sketch over the last week.
“It surrounds us all with this feeling, of what could be, so come on, raise your hands and reach…”
She wasn’t sure it was possible to make an entire set out of LED lights.  But hey, she was day-dreaming, so why not?  Her heart lifted as she started planning out the choreography.  Light hops around the stage, grand motions as though she were throwing her cares away…
“To the end of this rainbow that we seek, the weekend is so near I can’t wait ‘til it’s here…”
“You’re a singer?”
Kaito’s voice intruding upon her daydream shattered her visage.  She blushed, expecting him to start teasing her.  “Not… not yet…” she admitted, “I am in a band though. I mean, I don’t make a living on it… right now it’s just for fun…”
At any moment she expected the usual lecture about how she should be doing something more worthwhile in today’s economy and taking her life seriously…
“Humans just sing for fun?”
Well that question wasn’t what she expected to hear.  “You mean you don’t?” Miku asked him.
Kaito had that odd look on his face again – like she’d caught him doing something wrong.  “I do…I … didn’t think that… other humans… other PEOPLE… did.”
He started to look away from her, but Miku didn’t want to let this opportunity to keep him talking slip by.  “Kaito, are you in a band too?” she asked eagerly.