
‘My… cousin?’ he thought to himself.  He had no living family…
As the door closed, he shook his head.  It could be another trick intended to make him drop his guard. After what they’d done to him, he would never make the mistake of trusting a human again.
‘I promise… no matter what happens, I’ll protect you!’
As those words returned to him, Kaito couldn’t recall the face of the person who’d spoken to him. Perhaps the ancestors had finally broken their long silence to keep him from crossing the veil of life and death.  Regardless, it had motivated him to save his own life at a moment he felt utterly demotivated.
He cried out as he finally tore out the needle in his arm.  As he summoned his “second voice”, his ballad closed the wound immediately.  He continued his ballad for a few more minutes, trying to build up enough strength to get out of the bed and out of the wretched prison he was in. Before he could work out an escape plan, the door to his room burst open again.  A human girl with long, turquoise pigtails entered, clutching a large white bag in her hand.He leaned back against his bed, taking on a defensive posture.  “Stay back!” he shouted, “I… I’m not afraid to fight for my life!”

Miku blinked.  “Um… I’m not here to fight you?” she asked.
Her “patient” looked frightened of her.  But more importantly, something was missing on his body...  “Hey, what happened to your wounds?!”
He remained silent, staring at her like a trapped animal.  Miku began to approach him to see his back, but stopped as he tensed up in fear.  ‘I thought he was near death!’ she thought to herself, ‘I saw all that blood, the gashes, the bullet holes… how is he fine now!?’
“Stay away from me!” he shouted to her, “I won’t let humans touch me ever again!”
‘Why is he acting like this?!’ Miku thought to herself, ‘Does he think I’m going to hurt him!?  Like they did!?’
He stared at her, as if daring her to take another step.  Miku’s heart ached at the thought of what horrible experience the boy must have suffered to have so little faith in another person.  “If you’re trying to help me, why would you bring me here?!” he shouted, his eyes burning with rage.
“To a hospital?” Miku asked, confused, “You were going to die! Of COURSE I brought you here!”
His expression began to waver. He ran a finger along his arm.   “Even all those needles?” he asked, sounding more curious than angry, “And these patches on my chest?”
‘Has he never set foot in a hospital?’ Miku thought to herself, ‘He sounds like he thinks they were trying to torture him…’
“Those were just monitoring your heart rate…” she said, “So the doctors would know if your heart stopped…”
As the man seemed to grow calmer, Miku took her chance to make him understand her intentions. “I just wanted to help you…” she said, trying to appeal to his heart now that she’d assuaged his fears of the unfamiliar, “I was so scared you were going to die…  But... I just want you to know, no matter what happens, you can always trust me… and I’ll always protect you….”
The boy’s eyes went wide on hearing her say this.  “You… it was you!” he exclaimed sounding surprised.
For a moment, Miku was fearful she’d frightened him, but his entire demeanor became softer and more relaxed.  He bowed his head in deep apology.  “Whoever you are… I owe you an enormous gratitude… and an apology.”