
“They feel fine,” Kaito said, “How’d you guess the fit?”
Miku laughed.  “Oh, I guessed from looking at your old clothes,” she said, “Well... what’s left of them…”
The conversation fell silent again as the doctor finally returned to the hospital room, carrying large folders in his arms.  “Well, after that little scare you gave us, it’s good to see you’re holding up better now,” the older man said with a laugh.
He held up some black film to a strange light attached to the wall.  Kaito’s eyes widened when he realized that somehow the humans had taken a picture of his bones.  His eyes scanned the image for any sign of something he’d missed that could give him away…
“As you can see, Hatsune… uh, Mikuo… your bones are just fine.  Frankly, it’s a miracle you didn’t get so much as a scratch on you.  There’s no real reason to keep you here overnight given the lack of serious injuries…”
Kaito’s eyes remained on the area around his shoulder blades.  Fortunately, the doctor seemed more obsessed with how quickly his wounds had healed than asking why Kaito had a few extra bones in his back.
“Glad to see you’re okay after all that fuss… we can let you use the phone to call your family to pick you up if you need it…”
“Oh…” Kaito said, biting his lip, “I…”
Miku interrupted.  “Don’t worry!” she chirped, “I’ll let him use my phone!”
As the doctor left the room, Miku thrust an odd rectangular device in front of him.  Kaito recognized it as a communication device, though he’d not yet learned how to operate it.  “You can call your parents or whoever,” she said.
Kaito looked back outside the window, staring at the dimming sky.  “I… I can’t…” he said.
“Eh?” Miku asked.
He couldn’t explain this to a human… “I can’t go home,” he said, “I… I don’t have one anymore.”
Just saying it out loud made his heart feel heavier.  He remembered why he’d lost the will to live. What life was left for him amongst humans?
“You don’t have anyone?” Miku asked.
He shook his head, hoping she’d accept his silence. Why was she being so insistent? What did she want with him?
“Ummmm… my futon folds out into a bed…”
Kaito turned his head to see Miku with her hand on her chin in thought. “I mean, I don’t have any pajamas for you, we’ll probably need to do more clothes shopping tomorrow…”
“Excuse me,” Kaito asked, “are you… offering me a place to stay?”
“Well, if you just need some time to get back on your feet, you know?” she said with a bright smile.
“I can’t ask that of you…” Staying and living with a human… he’d never be able to hide effectively if there was always one around. But what else could he do?
Miku looked far more determined now.  “Come on!” she protested, “I didn’t drag you all the way out of the park like that just to see you turn yourself out into the street!”
At least in this girl’s home, he’d be indoors.  He could leave as soon as he had a better plan.  The strong, steady melody of her notes told him she was sincere.  “Okay…” he said, “I accept your hospitality.”