
furtive adj :
1.attempting to avoid notice or attention, typically because of guilt or a belief that discovery would lead to trouble; secretive.
2.characterized by stealth; sly and secretive
-
Troye Sivan is a 'lay it on the line' kind of guy.
Candid, direct and as transparent as they come, the popular and preppy music student lives an open life with no gimmicks, no nonsense, and definitely no secrets.
Connor Franta however, is on the other end of the high school spectrum.
Thoughtful, reserved and never seen without a notebook, no one can quite get to the bottom of who the quiet academic boy is and what makes him tick.
Troye is one of the few people who believes that he already has Connor figured out. After all, he's just a self observer, an introvert, a typical 'wallflower' figure. Nothing more, nothing less, nothing important.
Right?
Who could've ever anticipated that his looks could be so very deceiving?
-
Why am I writing another story honestly it's like a neverending cycle?
But anyways, hey there! So many people were requesting for another story after Our Eyes Meet and Illusive so I thought what the hell, why not write one more?
This story is going to be really different to the previous two I've written, in the sense that it's going to be quite...dark? I don't know if that's the right word for it, but this story will probably be driven by a lot more emotion than my previous two. That probbaly makes zero sense right now, but I promise it will be made clearer as we progress through each chapter!
I'll also say that if there's anything that I believe could be triggering for any readers, then I'll make sure to put it at the beginning of each chapter. Also, don't hesitate to tell me if you find something triggering and I haven't noted it: at the end of the day, I just want you guys to be comfortable reading so I'll make sure to put in any warnings that you want me to do! :)
With all that aside, I've had this idea for this fic in my head for the longest time and it's so awesome to finally be able to write it. I really hope you guys like it.
Lauren x

P.S
You can check out the spotify playlist for this story by following me - @laurenjohn_tbh (there will be a song or two to accompany each chapter)
Also hmu on twitter (@sweatersivan) or tumblr (@troyesfranta) if you feel like following me or even just telling me your thoughts on the story.
Happy reading!