
~~~~~~~~~~
The movie finished and it was really good. We walked slowly back to Gavin's car, "Now to the beach?" Gavin asked. "Yes, please." I replied. We hopped into his car, we buckled up, and cruised down to the beach. "Why do you wanna go to the beach anyway?" Gavin asked curiously. "I don't know, just wanted to go," I smiled. "Okay, I see." And there he went again with the damn half smirk. He rolled the windows down, and the song Beautiful by Mariah Carey and Miguel came on. "Oh and I forgot to tell you that you have a beautiful voice." Gavin said. "Really?" I asked. "Yeah! If you were on The Voice and I was a coach, I'd turn my chair for you," He winked slyly. "Oh my gosh, you're crazy." I laughed. "Crazy for you," Gavin murmured, almost mute. "You're crazy for me?" I gasped sarcastically and dramatically. Gavin laughed, "Oops, you weren't suppose to hear that." I laughed and I was secretly screaming on the inside. We arrived at the beach, and Gavin said we should go play in the water. "Want to?" I asked. "Yeah!" I grabbed his hand and we ran to the water.
Hannah's P.O.V.
I was getting ready when I heard a knock, and I got scared, thinking it was Adam, but just ended up being Shelby. "Woo, you scared me." I sighed a sigh of relief. "Why?" Shelby asked while barging into Claudia and I's dorm. "I just thought you were Adam," I laughed. "Ohh, well go finish getting ready, your boyfriend just texted me to tell you he's almost ready!" "Shit," I murmured. "And he's not my boyfriend!...Yet." I said, making myself laugh. I finished straightening my hair and perfected my winged eyeliner, then texted Adam saying I was ready. "On my way!" He texted back. Soon I heard the doorbell ring and Shelby ran and answered it before I could. "Ugh, really Shelby?" I asked her. "Yes!" She laughed. "Hey," Adam said, pulling me in for a tight hug. "Hey!" I said back. I told Shelby and Claudia bye then Shelby yelled, "Have fun lovebirds!" before I shut the door. I rolled my eyes and laughed off my embarrassment. I realized he was wearing a new orange jacket. "Nice jacket," I said. "Thanks, I got it from Walmart." Adam said, making me laugh. "No but seriously, orange looks good on you!" I smiled. I saw a tint of color in his semi-tanned face. "Thanks," He said, confidently. "Okay so I was thinking sushi tonight?" He asked. "Oh my God, yes. I've been wanting sushi lately!" I almost screeched. "Good," Adam said, as we finally approached his black Range Rover. We started driving with the window slightly down and the music blasting. We arrived at Nobu, a Japanese restraunt, and found a booth. We ordered some sushi and drinks then I started getting butterflies as I came to remember I was going to tell him something really important. "Hey you okay?" Adam asked. "What? Yeah, I'm fine," I smiled. "Okay good, I'd hate to see you upset." Adam said kindly. "Adam?" I began to doubt myself. "Yeah?" He smiled. "Look, I have to say something, I have to get it off my chest." "Okay...?" He asked/stated confusedley. "We've been talking and hanging out for awhile now," "Yeah?" "And I've kind of..." I couldn't finish my sentence. 'Do it, the chance you've been waiting for is NOW.' I thought to myself. "I've developed strong feelings for you." I said, finally. Adam's confused look faded away and was replaced with a smile. "You do?!" He asked excitedley. "Um, yes." I said, laughing. "Hey, awesome, so now I've gotta ask you something." My heart fell to my stomach. 'Was he just going to drop what I said? Just like that?' Then he smiled. "Will you be my girlfriend?" I laughed, I overthink way too much. "Yes." I smiled. "Cool," He giggled nervously. "Adam, I'm really glad you brought me here tonight," I couldn't stop smiling, he just made me so giggly. "I am too, I'm glad I get to see your beautiful self." My face got hot. "You're so cheesy," I giggled. "I know," Adam said dramatically.