
Later on, the girls and guys including myself sat around the fire and ate sandwiches, smores, and drank a little bit of everything. Shelby and Sam ran into the water as Sam chased her because she stole Sam's smore that he took his time on, then when they were done, they relaxed and he put his arm around her. Edgar made Claudia a lot of smores and they were sharing them then Edgar put a blanket around himself and Claudia. Hannah was wearing Adam's light green jacket and they were very to themselves, getting really close to each other's face.
People started playing some music and I heard "GDFR" by Flo-Rida then I felt something being wrapped around me, it was Gavin's jacket. "I just can't seem to keep myself away from you..." Gavin said while sitting next to me. I saw that Gavin's face was beat red and his eyes were glistening while he was staring at the fire. "I just have this feeling about you, that you're better than any other girl." "Thank you, no one's ever told me that before." I glanced at him and I saw he was looking at me. "Well, where have you been my whole life?" Gavin laughed. I laughed with him and realized he basically just said he liked me, right? "So, you like smores?" He asked. "I love smores!" I smiled. "Me too," He said, making himself one. Someone screamed to get everyone's attention. "Alright, everyone is going to dance to this song no matter what!" They played Someone New by Hozier. Everyone got up and I gave Gavin the 'do-you-really-want-to' face and he shrugged his shoulders then laughed. I got up and "danced" even though I was mostly laughing because of Gavin's dancing. After the song ended, the cops arrived and said it was time to pack up and leave since we don't have  permit to stay the night. It was already midnight and I didn't even realize it. Everyone left and I told the girls I would catch up with them in a minute. I walked towards the water then Gavin followed me and it was extremely dark with the fire out and everything but I managed to find my way there. "What are you doing?" Gavin asked. "I just wanted to put my feet in the water. It's weird but I like the water." "No, it's fun. Here, I'll do it with you." He grabbed my hand and we made our way to the middle. "Gavin, your jeans!" I gasped and laughed a little. "It's fine, don't worry about it." He smiled. "You know Clarissa, you're beautiful," He said, looking at me. "Thank you," I laughed but felt my face burning. We played in the water before the cops got after us for staying after we were told to leave so we ran out of the water and made our way back to campus. Gavin walked me to my dorm and said goodbye but then walked back to me and did something I really wasn't expecting... He kissed my cheek and whispered goodnight in my ear. I unlocked the dorm door and saw Hannah, Claudia, and Shelby, they were all talking about what happened tonight that they were excited about. "I'm in love," I whispered without hesitation. They all laughed and said, "Me too!" We all sat around and hung out then I got to learn more about Claudia and Hannah. Then they left and I took a shower and layed down. I put Gavin's number in my phone just in case and thought about tonight. Does he really like me?