
I drove back to the beach house and was welcomed by Gavin. "That was fast, what happened?" I dragged him upstairs and told him what happened. "Good thing I got to you first," He laughed. "Gavin..." I said. "I'm sorry." "I just broke his heart." Gavin hugged me and kissed my forehead. "It's gonna be okay, I promise you." I nodded and I went to our bed and checked my phone to see if he responded...
He didn't.
I went downstairs and I guess everyone noticed my upset face because everyone was asking what was wrong. I told the girls about it and they all were as shocked as I was. "Aw, he'll get over it." Hannah said, patting my shoulders. "Don't worry, he'll be okay, and remember everything happens for a reason." Shelby said hugging me. I nodded and decided to be in a better mood even though I just broke Sabian's heart. I looked at Gavin laughing and I felt all giddy. He's mine and he likes me, he likes me! We all went to go sit in the living room to watch a movie and we put on "Chernobyl Diaries" for a thrill. Everyone was cuddled up next to the one they loved, including Gavin and I. "I love this movie." I whispered to Gavin. "Yeah, me too." When the jumpscares came along, everyone jumped and laughed about it afterwards, it was a fun evening. Around 9PM we packed up our things and drove back to the dorms. "I loved it there," I said to Gavin as we cruised down the streets of L.A. "Yeah, I'm glad you did." He smiled. Once we arrived at the dorms, we unloaded our things and said goodnight to the guys and kissed Gavin goodbye. "Goodnight." He whispered in my ear. "Night." I hugged him once more before going upstairs with Shelby, Claudia, and Hannah. I hugged Hannah and Claudia before they walked back to their dorm. Shelby opened our dorm and I saw that someone had been in here. There was a note on my bed that said
"Your eyes are equal to a million dollars."
How did anyone get in here? "Do you think it was Sabian?" Shelby asked after reading the note. "No, he's pissed at me." "True," Shelby said. "Oh well, they'll come up sooner or later." Shelby said, going to take a shower. I nodded and plugged my phone in. No new texts. Once Shelby was done, it was my turn to take a shower. I took a hot shower and brushed my teeth then went back to my bed. I said goodnight to Shelby as we both turned off our lamps and I put on my headphones and put on Dawn Golden.
I dreamt that Gavin left California once we were done with college, and he dumped me and I was lonely and upset but then Sabiam appeared and he helped me through the rough times... Then we wound up married to each other and Gavin came back to California and saw us together and he hurt Sabian.
Then it ended.
"Wake up, we've gotta go to class in an hour!" Shelby yelled. I sat up in bed and thought about my dream. What the hell was that all about? I went to the bathroom and brushed my teeth and washed my face then found an outfit then I did my hair and makeup. "I have to face Sabian today." I told Shelby. "You'll be okay." She reassured. "And if I'm not?" I asked. "Gavin will be there in a heart beat." Shelby said smiling. I smiled and thought about Gavin. We got done and I skipped breakfast because I didn't feel like eating right now. The bell rang and I walked to first period, where Stone walked in without Sabian. "Where's Sabian?" I asked Stone. "Don't know, he never came back to the dorms last night." My eyes widened and I started thinking of the worse scenarios. What if he got in a car accident? What if he died? What if he got murdered? What if he left California? I shook my head and thought maybe he just checked into a hotel room and decided to miss today.
Soon after school I saw my whole group except for Gavin and they said we were gonna grab some milkshakes. "Where's Gavin?" I asked. "He said he went to go get something from his beach house." Adam responded. "But we told him we're getting milkshakes so he'll meet us up once he's done." Sam added. I nodded and hopped into the car with Shelby and Sam. We drove to the nearest milkshake place and Gavin stormed in pissed...