
I woke up at 8AM and panicked. "Gavin, we're gonna be late for school!" I said getting up and he got my arm and pulled me back down. "We all decided to miss today," He said groggily. "Oh... No one told me anything." I said, laying back down. "Sorry, got caught up in things." Gavin said with a slight smile on his face. He fell back asleep but I was wide awake so I laid in the bed on my phone and texted Sabian back.
"Sure! When?"
"Later today? :)" He texted back immediately.
"How is 6?"
"Fine by me. Where?"
I thought... Where could we hang out?
"Beach?" I texted.
"Sounds good see you then!" He texted.
I turned off my phone and went downstairs and saw Shelby making breakfast. "You're doing this all by yourself?" I asked. "Yeah, wanna help?" She smiled. "Yeah!" I responded. I grabbed a pan and took some eggs out of the fridge and made some scrambled and over-easy eggs. Shelby was making pancakes and french toast then I started cooking some bacon when Hannah came walked to the kitchen and saw us cooking. "Woah, let me help out." She said, and she made hash browns and cooked the sausages. Soon we were done and we ran around the living room screaming "BREAKFAST IS READY!" until everyone came running to the table. I sat between Gavin and Shelby and I grabbed a piece of everything we made and stuffed my face until I was full. "Man, that was good." Gavin said, sighing. "Damn right!" Adam said, putting a piece of bacon into his mouth. "You three are amazing cooks." Sam said smiling. Hannah, Shelby, and I all said thanks for complimenting our masterpieces. "Say... Can I kiss the cook?" Gavin asked me. I smiled and nodded then he kissed my cheek. "Cuties." Shelby said, laughing. Gavin and I smiled. We all went back to our rooms and I got dressed for the day. "Hey, later I'm gonna go hang out with Sabian at the beach, is that okay?" I asked and Gavin's face was straight. I walked closer to him and saw he was already getting jealous. "I promise you, nothing will happen... I'm all yours." I said, then I kissed him in reassurance and he hugged me. "Okay, I trust you." He murmured. "I will never hurt you." I said, squeezing him. He nodded and I noticed it was 2PM and I laid down and binge watched Twin Peaks with Gavin until about 5:20PM. I kissed Gavin gpodbye then texted Sabian I was on my way when I realized I had to ask Shelby if I could borrow her car. "Don't wreck it!" She said as I walked out the door. Man I have to buy a car ASAP, I laughed to myself amd drove to the beach where I saw Sabian sitting down in the sand. "Hey." I said. "Oh, hey," He said, standing up to hug me. "Why weren't you at school today?" He asked. "Well, I guess you can call it 'skipping' but yeah. I was with Shelby, Sam, Gavin, Hannah, Adam, Claudia, and Edgar all day at Gavin's beach house." "So it was like, a couples day or what? Except you and Gavin aren't together... Right?" Sabian asked, with his eyes squinting at the sun. "Well, last night he asked me out and I said yes..." I said smiling. "He did? Oh, well that's cool," He began picking at the sand and his eyebrows were furrowed. "Well, that pretty much ruins why I asked you to come here." Sabian replied with a hint of annoyance. "What?" I asked. "Nothing." Sabian said, looking out into the water. "Come on Sabian, tell me." I nudged him. "It'll sound stupid now," He laughed. I shook my head. "Well I wanted to hang out with you because I wanted to ask you to be my girlfriend, but change in plans." My heart dropped. "Sabian, I'm sorry, I didn't know-" "You didn't know that you totally lead me on?" He got up and stormed off without saying anything else. I sighed and stood up and saw a folded piece of paper.
It was a drawing of me, and I felt so bad. I didn't mean to...
I walked back to the car and "Still Life" by Dawn Golden played and I sent a text to Sabian.
"I'm sorry."