
I woke up from my nap that felt like ages. I saw I had been followed back by Stone and Sabian and tagged in a photo.
Had a good first day thanks to these people!
Shelby posted a couple hours ago. I liked it and decided I needed something to eat.
"Wanna go out to eat? Btw this is Clarissa :)" I texted Sabian."Heck yes! Want Stone to come too?" He replied fast. "Sure !"
I got back into some presentable clothes and waited for them to text back. "Okay ready? :)" Sabian texted. "Yeah :)" I replied. I walked out of my dorm and headed downstairs to wait for the two dorky guys. Soon, a red Challenger pulled up and Stone was in the drivers seat. I hopped in the back seat and couldn't stop smiling. "Stone, this is your car?!" I asked. "Yeah, I got it senior year of high school," He smiled. "I'm freakin jealous of you, I've always wanted a Challenger!" Stone smiled. "Okay, so where we gonna eat?" Sabian asked. "In N Out?" He asked. "Yeah, sounds good to me." I said. "Yeah, let's go!" Stone replied. We drove to In N Out, blasting music and laughing a lot. "Man, you guys are the best!" Sabian said. We finally got to In N Out and grabbed something to eat quick so we can go to the beach. After we ate, we walked to the beach and sat in the sand. "Put on some music," I demanded Sabian. "Alrighty!" He blasted almost all of my favorite bands. "Dude, you like Imagine Dragons too?" I asked. "Yeah!" Sabian said, smiling. "Oh great, two band addicts." Stone said jokingly. Sabian and I laughed and I remembered what Shelby said... What if one of them start liking me while I'm almost with Gavin? I shook that thought off and enjoyed hanging out with Stone and Sabian. "So who is like your main crew at UCLA?" Sabian asked. "Hannah, Shelby, and Claudia." "Oohh!! I know them! Well, Shelby and Claudia." Sabian said. "I've heard of Shelby and I think I know Hannah." Stone said. "Yeah, they're my best friends." I said, smiling. "And Gavin is like, your love interest?" Sabian asked curiously. "Well, I don't know, he's surrounded by girls all the time and he's all popular and stuff," I replied. "True, maybe he'll be the one, or maybe you'll find someone else." Sabian said. "Yeah, you really can't tell things about people here at UCLA, especially like Gavin," Stone murmured. "What do you mean?" I asked. "Well, before you arrived, he had a fling with this girl that was like super popular like him, and I never really saw them break up or stop seeing each other until you came here," I nodded. "And people say she still likes him but he's like done with her." Sabian added. "Ohh yeah, I think he told me about her," I said. "He said their relationship wasn't communicative." I added. "Dang," Sabian said. "But like, I saw them together the other night, at that party Roberto threw, they were by the drinks and he seemed pissed..." Stone said. "Really?" I asked. "Yeah," Stone replied. "I just don't know about him, you know?" Stone said. "Yeah, I know." Sabian replied.
We talked some more and decided we should get back to the dorms. We hopped back into Stone's car and drove back to UCLA.
When we got there, Sabian and I said goodnight to Stone since our dorms were in a different location than his. "Hey Clarissa, wanna come back to my dorm for a little bit?" Sabian asked. I thought about it, what if going to his dorm leads to something else...? I was just overthinking, "Yeah, sure!" I replied. "Alright cool, here, I'll lead you the way." He grabbed my hand and I realized his dorm wasn't that far away from mine. When we arrived at his set of dorms, we walked to the second level and his was the fifth one on the right. We walked in and we sat on his bed. "My roommate is out for the night as well, but you and I can hang out and listen to music," He put on some bands I've never really listened to that I now really liked, thanks to Sabian. "So how about you, who is your love interest?" I asked Sabian. His face turned pink and he shook his head. "Don't have one." "Come on, you can tell meee!" I said, nudging his elbow. He giggled, "Okay," He looked at me deep in the eye. "Soo?" I asked. "You can't tell anyone!" He said. "I promise I won't." I smiled. "Okay," He sighed. "It's..." He started. I nodded my head. "IT'S..." He raised his voice a little, "...Food!" He laughed way too hard. "Sabian!" I sighed. "Agh, I hate you for that!" I laughed. "No, you don't!" He smiled. I smiled back, and I finally took a deep breath. "Hey, wanna go sit on the balcony?" Sabian asked. "You have a balcony?" I asked. "Yeah, not every dorm got them, but luckily I did." He said, getting up and opening the door to the balcony, you saw the beach, the moon, and the stars. There were two chairs with a little radio and Sabian sat on one and so did I. He put on the radio as we looked at the stars. "I like to sit out here at night and contemplate life," Sabian said, laughing. I smiled. "You have a good life, don't you?" I asked. "Yeah, there's a few bumps in the road but other than that, I'd say life is pretty great right now." Sabian replied. "How about you?" He asked. "Yeah, life's good." I said. "Life should be good with such a beautiful smile," Sabian said, smiling. My cheeks hurt from smiling and burning. "Thank you." I replied. After that, we really just admired the stars and the gradient blue sky. "Clarissa?" Sabian whispered. "Yeah?" I whispered back. There was a long silence. "I think you could do better than Gavin." Sabian finally said. I thought about what he said. I looked at Sabian and he looked back at me. "Really?" I whispered. "Yeah, you're beautiful and you have a good taste in music, and you're funny, and lots more while Gavin's really just a conceited, popular, good looking football player." Sabian whispered back. I was actually speechless, my mind was honestly just blank. "Well... I don't know." I finally said. I got up and so did Sabian. We leaned on the balcony rail and looked at the stars once more. "Clarissa?" Sabian asked again. "Yeah?" We looked at each other... and that had done it, the feeling that had weirdly approached me once I entered Sabian's dorm ...