
After the tour, Shelby invited me to a bonfire that was happening at the beach, and she said a lot of people were going, including Gavin.
Shelby and I said bye to Claudia and Hannah, although they were going to be at the bonfire tonight and they were only a few dorms away from us. We went back to our dorm and Shelby insisted we started getting ready since it was already 6:45 and the bonfire started at 8. I was done with everything by the time it was 7:34. "You look pretty, Clarissa! Plan on talking to Gavin?" Shelby winked at me and I rolled my eyes while laughing. "Oh my gosh, Shelby." Then I had an idea. "How about you? Who are you getting pretty for?" I smiled. "Okay, promise you won't tell," She came to me and whispered in my ear. "Sam? Who is that?" "I'll introduce you to him tonight, then Adam and Edgar." I gave her a confused look. "Hannah and Claudia's love interests," she smiled. "Ohhh, okay." Shelby finally finished then we greeted Claudia and Hannah by the exit, then I saw Gavin and he saw me. "Oooh, does someone have a little crushy crush?" Hannah asked as soon as she saw me eyeing Gavin. I felt my face get kinda hot. "Yes, she's in love with him." Shelby said. "Shelby!" I scolded her. "Don't worry, your secret's safe with me." Hannah reassured me with a smile. "Thanks," I smiled back. Claudia began squealing along with slapping Hannah's shoulder frantically and soon we all saw a guy wearing a grey t-shirt with tan skin and black hair. He saw Claudia then waved at her, also flashing a smile. She smiled and waved back at him, then sighed really deeply. "That's Edgar, Claudia's future boyfriend." Shelby nudged Claudia then winked at her. "Ew Shelby," Claudia laughed. Now it was Hannah's turn to squeal. "Adam! Hey, come here!" I saw a tall guy with a light green jacket with light brown hair, somewhat tanned skin, and green eyes. "Hey," He walked over to Hannah and gave her a hug. "Hey Shelby, hey Claudia, are y'all going to the bonfire too?" Then he started walking and almost ran over me. "Adam!" Hannah stopped him before he almost knocked me over. He looked down and gasped. "Oh my God, I am so sorry, I didn't see you right there," Shelby laughed and I gave her a confused face. "She's really short, right?" She said while laughing. "Ahh," Shelby finally sighed. "Adam, this is Clarissa, she's new this semester." Hannah said. "Hey Clarissa, again, I'm sorry for almost bumping into you." "It's okay, Adam but it's nice to meet you!" I smile. "Yeah, you too." He smiled back. Shelby whispered in my ear, "He's Hannah's future boyfriend," "Ohhh, okay!" I said back to her. "Are we going now or what?" Claudia asked. "Yes! Let's go!" Hannah said then we all walked out of the building and headed over to the beach. It was already kind of dark, you could still see the sun just a little bit and the skies were golden orange with bits of pink and purple clouds spread out everywhere. Edgar ran up to Claudia then he put his arm around her. "Hey guys," He waved to Shelby, Hannah, and Adam but I'm guessing he didn't see me because I'm between Shelby and Adam. "Oh, Edgar, I gotta show you someone," Claudia said, grabbing his hand and pulling him towards me. "This is Clarissa and she's new this semester! Oh and Clarissa, this is Edgar." Edgar waved at me and said, "Damn, I almost didn't see you!" He laughed and I laughed too. "Yeah, haha," We finally arrived at the beach and saw a lot of people there. All of the girls went and greeted some of their other friends and I just wanted to sit down on the beach and admire the sunset until I felt a tap on my shoulder. "Hey," It was Gavin. "Hey Gavin, what's up?" I asked, wondering why he was sitting by me. "Nothing, just wanted to come talk to you," He smiled. "Haha, funny." I smiled while poking at the sand. "I'm being serious!" He laughed. I looked up at him and smiled. "So what're you doing here by yourself?" He asked. "No, uh, my friends are just greeting their other friends and I just wanted to admire the sunset before I go off with them." "Oh, you're a sunset type of girl?" He asked, laughing. "Haha, I guess," "You know what I would really, really like, Clarissa?" Gavin asked with a half smirk that made my heart race. "What?" "To hang out," Gavin said slyly. "With who?" I asked then he looked at the ground and started poking at it. "You," He looked up and smiled. "Yeah," I looked back at him, "I'd really like that, too." "We could go see a movie or something," Gavin said. "Yeah, that'd be fun and-" "Gavin! Come here, dude!" One of Gavin's best friends were calling him. "I'll talk to you in a minute," He got up and ran over there fast. "Clarissa, this is Sam." I got up and saw another tall guy with lightly tanned skin, dark brown hair, and freckles. "Hey," I smiled. "Sam, this is Clarissa," He shook my hand and said hey back. "I saw you were talking to Gavin," He smiled. "Shelby told me everything," Then he started laughing. "Shelby!" I covered my face and laughed. "I had to! Y'all would be cute together and he talks to Gavin sooo!" Shelby said. "Oh, yeah. Gavin asked me to hang out with him." I smiled. "Wha?! When did this happen?" Shelby yelped. "Just a second ago." I explained. "Oh my lordy geez!" She pulled out her phone and texted someone. Claudia and Edgar started walking to us then Edgar and Sam greeted each other with a joke then I figured they must be really good friends. "What happened?" Claudia asked Shelby. "Clarissa has a date with Gavin!" Claudia did this little scream that made me laugh. "When?!" Claudia asked. "I wouldn't consider it a dat-" I felt someone walk up from behind me then I turned around and saw Gavin. "Clarissa, hey, sorry. Brenden needed some coins to buy a drink." "It's fine," I reassured him with a smile. "Okay, haha. Oh hey guys!" Gavin greeted Sam and Edgar with a handshake then he said hey to Claudia and Shelby. "Anyway, so you're up for the movies?" He smiled. "Yes, of course." I bashfully smiled. "Alright, cool. Here's my number, if you ever need anything, just text me." He smiled. "Okay well I gotta go watch Brenden on how much he's drinking, I'll talk to you later."