
After about maybe 5 & 1/2 hours worth watching movies, Shelby and Sam were asleep while Edgar and I were still up, still eating popcorn and watching horror movies. It was 1:23AM, which was still kind of early. I texted Hannah and Clarissa, curiously asking them where they were at. Clarissa said she was just hanging at hers and Shelby's dorm and Hannah was with her.
My P.O.V.
Gavin and I were playing around in the water, and we eventually got tired. We ran back to the shore and sat there, admiring the sky. "Tonight was really fun," I told Gavin. "It sure was." He smiled. I messed around with the sand and we started talking about our first semester. "So you're a football player?" I asked. "Yep, I've been a football player nonstop ever since I was about 4 years old." "Wow, and how old are you now?" I asked. "19," He smiled. "I'm 19 too, I just turned 19 on July 6th," I told him. "I've been 19 since November, November 28th." Gavin said. "I heard you're considered to be like, 'popular' or something." I said. "Who said that?" "Shelby," I said quietly. "Well I don't really consider myself popular, I'm just a football player at UCLA, living an average life." Gavin said. "True," I replied. "I honestly hate it when I get unnecessary attention. I don't like how everyone says I'm amazing at football, because I mess up just as much as everyone else does, and some girls who I've dated say I'm too perfect for them. I have just as much flaws as everyone else..." Gavin said. "Wow," I said in awe. "I know, that was full on rage," Gavin said, laughing at himself. "Well I'm glad that you were honest about popularity," I laughed. "You're the first person I've told that, you know?" Gavin said. "I am? Why?" "I don't know, I just feel like I can trust you enough to tell you that." I laughed. "I get told that a lot," "Really? Do you know why?" Gavin asked, laughing. "I've been told it's just how kind my eyes look." I sais quietly. "You and your eyes, Clarissa..." Gavin said, smiling while looking down. "What about me and my eyes?" I giggled. "You're gorgeous and so are your eyes," Gavin said, examining my face. "Gavin, you're really, really cheesy." I laughed. "Good," He laughed back. I grabbed his hand as I noticed he was picking at the sand, then I pulled him up and we ran to the water once more.We laughed so hard, our ribs ached. After we were done, we walked back to Gavin's car and we cruised around the back streets of L.A. and listened to music. After cruising around, we drove back to UCLA and our dorms. We got out and we walked up the stairs to our dorms. Once we reached mine, Gavin grabbed me and hugged me tightly then I got the sudden bravery to do something. I kissed his cheek and whispered goodnight. I pulled away slowly and Gavin's face was pinker than usual and he was smiling really big. "Goodnight, Clarissa." He said. I smiled back at him and unlocked my dorm door and waved one last time before I closed the door. I made sure he left before I silently screamed. It was 11:32PM and I received a text from Hannah. "Going to your dorm because Shelby and Claudia and their boyfriends are hogging my dorm lol" I laughed. "Okay lol" I soon heard a knock and opened it to see Adam with Hannah. "Alright, goodnight Hannah." Adam said, hugging Hannah. "Night." She smiled. I let her in and then closed the door. "So did you tell him?" I asked. "Yeah, and we're kind of dating now." Hannah said before laughing. "Really?! That's awesome. I'm happy for you," I laughed. "Thanks, and how about you and Gavin?" "The date was fun," I smiled. "That's good." Hannah smiled back. After that, we just watched some TV shows and movies before I took a shower. I got out and scrolled through my social medias while listening to my music. Eventually I fell asleep and was glad that I spent my evening with Gavin.