
I picked out a casual dress and decided I was actually going to wear a pair of wedges for once in my life. I did my hair and makeup, then decided to straighten my hair. Shelby entered the dorm and was breathing heavily. "I bought a few outfits and I need your help to find out which one suits this occasion." "Gosh, Shelby. That's a lot of bags...." I said, realizing how many bags she brought in. "I know, I know." She said, sitting down. I helped her pick out an outfit eventually and she got ready quickly and then I checked my phone. "New message from Hannah." I checked the message and it was her in her outfit and she looked great! "That looks really good on you! Work it girl ;)" About an hour later, Shelby and I were done and Claudia and Hannah were walking to our dorm at the moment. Shelby and I locked the dorm and met Claudia and Hannah then we started walking towards the rented beach house. "You coming?" Gavin texted me. "On our way :)" I texted back. As we approached the beach house, which was really close to our college, we heard music blasting and saw tons of people bombarding the entrance. "I'm gonna text Sam and ask him to meet us outside." Shelby said. I texted Gavin the same thing as Shelby and he was outside immediately. "Hey," He said as he greeted me with a quick hug. "Hey!" I said as I gave him a smile. I took a glance towards the beach and saw the sunset. "Guys let's take a picture with the sunset behind us!" Shelby said then all the girls gathered around me and Gavin took the picture. Finally, Sam walked out and brought us inside through all the people by the door. I saw a bunch of pretty girls and felt ugly all of a sudden. This one tall, light brown hair, tan skin, and hazel eyed girl approached Gavin and I. "Hey Gavin!" She said, almost completely ignoring me until she saw me. "Oh, hey..." She said, trying to look for my name. "Clarissa." I said. "Hey Clarissa! I've never seen you before, did you get here later than the other freshmens?" She giggled slightly. "Yeah," I responded, getting bored out of my mind just standing here. "Well Gavin, I haven't seen you since high school..." She said, smiling really hard. "Yeah, well we gotta get going, Sam wants my help with something," He said then storming off with our hands intertwined. "Ahh, greaaaat." Gavin sighed. "Who was that?" I asked, confused. "Um, her name is Savannah, we had a fling in high school, sadly..." He said. "Oh, yeah, that sucks seeing an ex..." I said, remembering my ex, and all the fun times...
- FLASHBACK -
I sat in the grass of his backyard, admiring the stars and hearing the slow, almost mute music we were listening to. His parents are gone for a week and I decided to sleep over at his house since it was summer and I had nothing better to do. "Hey Clarissa?" "Yeah?" "I love you." I giggled and kissed him. "I love you too," I snuggled up against his chest and began falling asleep. "I don't think I'll ever find anyone else like you," He smiled. "Psh, yes you will," I said. "Nah," He said then stopping himself. "I think I'll always be stuck on you." He murmured. "I love you, Isaiah."
~~~~~~
"You're thinking about your ex, aren't you?" Gavin asked. "Yeah, and so are you." I responded. "Yeah, wish I wasn't though." "Same here," "What happened between you and your ex? If you don't mind me asking," "It's no problem, but let's just say he lied to me when he said I was his one and only... He claimed he was 'drunk' but I didn't know what to believe so I just ended it right there and then." "Oh. I'd kick his butt for you if I had known you then," I smiled. "What about you?" I asked. "Well the relationship was uncommunicative and well she hardly talked to me in person and she was messing around with a lot of guys since we never really talked but she said she regretted it because I was 'hot' and 'definitely her type'." "Seems clingy." I said then I laughed. Gavin laughed too, "Yeah she was, but AFTER we broke up," He said. "Well how dumb of her!" I said, laughing. "Yeah, well I'm gonna go get a drink. Want anything?" Gavin said, getting up. "Yeah, I'll take like a fruit punch or something, please." "Will do, be right back!" I nodded and looked around the room we were in, which was a living room but further away from where your typical living room would be. Hardly anyone was in there, and in the gigantic window, you see a view of the beach. I texted the girls and told them to come in here, and it took them awhile to respond, and it was also taking Gavin a long time to get drinks... Someone entered the room and I paid no mind to it since it could be absolutely anyone but then I had the strange feeling to forcefully look up to who it was and I couldn't believe my own eyes...