
I pulled away from Sabian and felt my face on fire. I remembered Gavin and felt bad all of a sudden. I wanted to run out of Sabian's dorm and go to Gavin and hug him but I knew I couldn't, because that would hurt Sabian. "Sorry if that was too fast, I should've know better-" "No, no it's okay, Sabian." I smiled at him. He looked down at his feet like a little sad puppy and I went up and hugged him. He lifted his head and smiled. "I just feel like maybe that wasn't the best idea." Sabian replied. "Maybe." I pulled away and he stood silent for a little. "Well I better get going, school tomorrow." I said. He nodded and he waved goodbye as I walked out of his dorm and walked back to mine.
I unlocked my dorm door and Shelby was on her laptop, staring me down. "Where were you?" She asked. "I went out to eat with Stone and Sabian, and..." I thought about that kiss, we had just kissed. "And?" Shelby asked. "Okay, well I went back to Sabian's dorm and well," I felt my face getting warm. "Omg! Did you use protection?!" Shelby screamed in my face. "No, no! It wasn't anything like that!" I said to Shelby. "Oh, well then what happened?" She asked. "Well we were just hanging out, listening to music and all then we kinda... Just... Kissed." I murmured the last part. "You kissed Sabian?!" Shelby screamed again. I nodded and her face was in awe. "But that doesn't mean we're like, together." I added. "What about Gavin?" Shelby asked. "We're not even together," I replied. "True but you barely met Sabian!" Shelby screamed. "It was just a quick kiss," I explained. "Besides, I still really like Gavin." I added. Shelby stood silent for a little while. "Maybe you should tell Gavin." Shelby finally said. "Are you crazy?" I asked Shelby. "No, but it might do something good for you," Shelby replied. "Like what?" "Okay well let's say Gavin finds out that you kissed Sabian and since he really likes you, he'll be like, 'This girl doesn't like me anymore' and he'll be heartbroken and never talk to you again." I sat there, thinking about it. I walked out and walked to Gavin's dorm.When I got there, I knocked on his door. He opened the door and a smile crept on his face. "Hey!" He hugged me and told me to come in. "Hey," I replied. "What's up?" He asked, concerned. "I kissed Sabian." I flat out said. Gavin's eyebrows furrowed and he shook his head. "Wait, what?" He asked. "I kissed Sabian and I feel really bad because I really, really like you and Sabian is more like a friend and I don't want you to hate me-" "Wait, you like me?" Gavin smiled. I nodded my head a little. "But you kissed Sabian?" He asked again. "Yeah, and I totally didn't plan on doing that, and we both regret it." I explained. Gavin nodded. "Well, I'm still surprised that you like me!" Gavin yelled while smiling. I laughed and hugged Gavin. "I'm sorry," I said into his chest. "Don't be, I mean we're not officially together yet but I forgive you." He giggled. "I really like you." I whispered. "I really like you too." I smiled and kissed Gavin's cheek. "Hey, after school tomorrow, come with me." He smirked. "Okay." I smiled. I said goodbye to Gavin and walked back to my dorm. "Sooo..." Shelby said as I sat down on my bed. "He finally said it!" I screeched. "What?" Shelby asked. "He likes me!" I said, flopping down on my back. "See?! We were right all along!" Shelby said, laughing. I texted Hannah and Claudia about Gavin in excitement then I took a shower and washed my face. I walked back to my bed and had 3 unread messages.
Gavin: "Be excited for tomorrow ;)"Sabian: "still good friends right? Again I'm sorry for my stupidity." Hannah: "Told you! Happy for youuu :)"
"Okay :)" I sent to Gavin. "Yes we're still good friends even though it might be a little awks tomorrow and no, you're not stupid! It was fun in the moment tbh (remember we're still only good friends ) I sent to Sabian. "Thanks Hannah ☺" To Hannah.
I put on some music and eventually fell asleep.
I woke up the next morning and got ready.I brushed my teeth and washed my face, the usual, and found a cute outfit. "You look cute today!" Shelby said. "Thank you, I have to go to something after school today." I smiled. "Where are you going?" Shelby asked. "Somewhere with Gavin, I don't really know where, it's a surprise I guess." I laughed. Shelby smiled, "Dang," I laughed some more and then we were both done and headed to our classes. I sat in class, waiting for the bell because I wasn't hungry today. The bell rang and Stone and Sabian sat down by me, of course, and Sabian looked more uncomfortable than I probably did. I smiled at him and his shift in attitude was noticeable. "Sabian told me everything, by the way." Stone whispered while Sabian went to go sharpen his pencil. "What did he say?" I asked. "He said you're a really good kisser," Stone said laughing. "I think he has a little soft spot." He added. I giggled at Sabian since he was so cute, in a friendly way.
When I walked out of school, there was Gavin waiting for me in his Corvette...