
Claudia's P.O.V. I was making some popcorn and ordering some pizza when I heard knocking on Hannah and I's door. "I got it!" Shelby yelled. I heard the door being opened and I walked out of the mini kitchen and saw Sam squeezing Shelby with a hug. She greeted him with a kiss on the cheek then took his hand and led him to the sofa. "Hey Claudia," Edgar greeted me with a hug also, he kissed my forehead and I said hey back. "Want some popcorn?" I asked. "Hell yeah," He said, grabbing a handful and smiled goofily. "What?" He asked with his mouth full of popcorn. "Nothing, you're just stupid," I said jokingly then he laughed. "Am not!" He said, finally swallowing the gigantic amount of popcorn he had in his mouth. I laughed and led him to the couch. We walked in and saw Sam and Shelby picking out a couple movies we should watch. Edgar and I sat on a couch and started talking about work and Clarissa. "So she's new?" Edgar asked. "Yeah, and she seems quiet but she's crazy," I laughed remembering last night when she was telling us about herself. Edgar laughed. "Quiet girls usually are crazy," "Yep, do you remember when you thought I was all innocent?" I laughed, remembering when he first talked to me. "Yep, and I'm glad I talked you." Edgar said, kind of quietly. I got confused and asked why. "Well because I mean, if I didn't talk to you, I wouldn't be sitting here, talking to you, and falling in love with you." Edgar's face had seemed different, not in a bad way, he was just actually serious. I laughed and felt my face burning. "Edgar?" I asked. "Yeah?" He smiled. "You're stupid, but that's one of the reasons why I like you." He laughed and finally the doorbell rang for the pizza and Shelby and Sam found a good movie to play. I went and got the pizza then they started playing the movie Chernobyl Diaries, one of my old favorites. Sam sat with his arm around Shelby and she was leaning in on his inner arm. Edgar wrapped his arm around me too, and we were both eating a slice of pizza then after I finished that slice, I rested my head on his chest.