
My alarm clock began to go off and my eyes slowly drifted to the clock, it was 10:00AM. I sat up in my bed as I realized I was flying out to California, where I'll start college and hopefully, a new lifestyle. I got up and started getting dressed into comfy clothing and shoes. I made myself some chocolate chip pancakes and headed out to the airport, and I was really terrified because I didn't have any friends in California but I hope I'll make some in college. Around 10:45 I made it to the airport, just in time. They started to announce the airplane was here for the 11:00 flight and everyone who belonged went to the airplane, including myself. I found a window seat and sat there then I texted my mom and told her I was taking off.
"Be careful sweetie, and tell me when you arrive in Cali!!"
I told her okay then turned my music on and admired what it looked like from above and continued to wonder about California.
I eventually fell asleep listening to my music but I woke up around 1:30PM which meant I didn't have long until we landed in Los Angeles, California. About 2:21 we landed at the LAX airport.
The taxi driver helped me put my bags in the trunk then we took off to UCLA, then I finished my nap. When we reached inner city, the taxi driver woke me up and said he would drop me off somewhere to grab something to eat them we would go to the college dorms. We stopped at McDonald's and I got a Dr. Pepper with a southern style chicken burger then we drove off to the University of California, L.A. "Here you go, lass! Have a good stay." The taxi driver said, waving goodbye. I had all my bags with me and I looked super awkward, everyone was already moved in, while I was three days late. I checked in at the main office and luckily I had a dorm which wasn't far from any of my classes. I took the stairs up to the fourth floor and my dorm number was 68. I unlocked the door to see a tall, lean blonde with some what wavy hair and pierce blue/green eyes sitting on her bed with her laptop. "Oh my gosh, I look horrible, I wasn't expecting you to come today!" She then stood up and walked over to me. "Well, I guess since we're sharing a dorm together you'll have to see me in my natural habitat. Hi, my name is Shelby. Shelby Mock." I giggled. "Hey, my name is Clarissa." "Where do you come from? You don't sound Californian." She laughed. "I came here from Texas," I said. "Ohhh, nice! I came from Washington, by the way I'm very high maintenance and I like to keep things tidy so if I over react while you unpack, that's why, but I will help you to prevent that from happening," She smiled. "Haha, okay thanks." I set my bags on my bed and started unpacking while she helped me sort everything out.
After that, Shelby promised me a tour of the college since I barely arrived. "Be right back, I gotta call some friends," Shelby said, turning away. I nodded my head and waited. A few minutes after she smiled and said, "Let's go," We walked out of the dorms and we went outside and I saw soooo many cute guys, I almost starting drooling. "Haha, I know what you're thinking, tons of eye candy over here," She laughed. "Yeah!!" I looked up and saw how tall the buildings were then I bumped into someone. "Uh, I'm sorry," I immediately said, and I didn't even know who it was. "It's okay, don't worry about it," It was a guy for sure, then I finally looked up. He had wavy brown hair with hazel eyes and rosy cheeks. I felt my face burn like crazy and I wanted to run away but all I could do was nudge Shelby's arm. "Uh, right. We gotta go, I'm showing her around campus," Shelby smiled at him. "Wait, you're new this semester?" He asked before we could storm off. "Yeah," I said. "Well uh, my name is Gavin, and you are...?" "I'm Clarissa," I smiled. He smiled back then said, "Well, I've gotta get to practice but it was nice meeting you. I'll see you around, Clarissa, oh and your shirt's pretty cool." He smiled. "Thank you," I felt my face get hotter then Shelby yelped. "Gots to go, bye!" She yanked my arm and pulled me to a different location. "Oh my gosh, Clarissa, you are blessed by the heavens! One of the well known football players of UCLA just flirted with you!" I smiled. "Flirted?" I never really considered complimenting a shirt would be flirting. "Yes!! Well, not flirting flirting but I mean he complimented something of yours!" Shelby smiled. I laughed. "Well let's start the tour but first we need to go to the cafe," Shelby started walking into the first building and once we walked in, there was a huuuge cafeteria filled with places like Chick-Fil-A, Whataburger, Jack in The Box, sushi places, etc. It looked much like a food court. "I'm going to introduce you to two people, my best friends!" I nodded and smiled. I saw a girl who had dark brown hair and green eyes walking our way. "That's Hannah coming our way," Shelby pointed. Hannah walked up to us and hugged Shelby. "Hey Shelbs," "Hey! Okay, so this is Clarissa," Hannah looked at me and she covered her mouth and started giggling. "Oh my God, you're adorable! And you're short, aw, haha!" I smiled. "Any way, yeah, hi, I'm Hannah," She smiled. "Hi!" I waved. "Where's Claudia?" Shelby asked. "She said she was on her way," Hannah said. "Okay," Soon we saw another girl with black hair and glasses. "Hey Claudia!" Shelby greeted her with a hug and then Claudia looked at me weird. "Who are you?" "I told you about her, she's new this semester and her name is Clarissa," Shelby explained then Claudia said, "Oooohh, yeah. I remember now," She smiled at me. "Hi, I'm Claudia but I'm sure you already knew that." She flipped her hair dramatically and I laughed. "Yep," "Alright, now we're gonna give her a tour around campus." Shelby said. Then we visited all of the classes and where the restrooms were at, etc. I saw Gavin again, walking around with his friends. He saw me, waved then smiled. I smiled and waved back and I found myself extremely attracted to him.