
I woke up at 10:34AM because Shelby demanded I get ready early so we can explore L.A. today then I texted Gavin and asked him about the movies. "How is tonight?" He asked. "Sure! What time? " "How is 8? And do you wanna go see Unfriended?" "Yes and yes, lol. See you tonight :)" "Alrighty. :)"
Shelby, Hannah, Claudia and I met up and we were gonna go looking around LA. "Soo you have a date tonight, right?" Hannah asked me. "Yes," I smiled. "Ooh, yay! Adam and I are going out for dinner tonight." Hannah said. "You two are together, right?" I asked. "Nah, although I do want to," Hannah said while smiling. "Does he know you like him?" I asked another question. "Eh, I don't know." "Tell him! I'm almost positive he's in love with you," I told Hannah, reassuring her. "Really?" Hannah laughed. "Yes! I think you should totally tell him!" I suggested. "How though?" "You could just mention dating," Shelby said. "Yeah, then maybe you could slip your way into telling him how you feel," Claudia told Hannah. "Maybe I will, thanks for the advice guys." Hannah smiled. "No problem," I smiled. "Now for you," Hannah started, "Do you know if Gavin likes you?" "No, we're just friends for now, I want to take things slow, ya know?" I replied. "Yeah, I understand... But you two would be great together!" Hannah said. "I know right!? Y'all would be adorable," Shelby added then Claudia nodded. "Roberto and I are having a night in with Claudia and Edgar!" Shelby screeched. "I can't wait!" Claudia yelled with excitement. "Dude I'm so happy right now!" Hannah exclaimed while looking at her phone. "Why?" Claudia asked. "Adam said he's really happy that we're going out tonight," Hannah smiled and her cheeks were red. "Aww!" Shelby said. After talking about our crushes, we finally finished our long walk and arrived at the outlet mall that had places like Michael Kors, Chanel, etc. "Yay! I've never been to any of the shops before," I told the girls. "Really?!" Shelby screeched. "Oh my gosh, you better be lucky I'm in your life," Shelby said then she laughed. "I am here to help you fall in love with these stores." Shelby added. I laughed then we walked into Chanel and I eyeballed their makeup and their outfits but I couldn't afford shit. "Gah, I'm dying on the inside!" I yelled. "I know right!" Claudia replied. "Okay let's go to Forever 21," Shelby rushed us out of there and into Forever 21. We all bought a few items there then we went to MAC and we bought some new makeup. After hours of shopping, it was time for us to go grab something to eat, and we all decided In-N-Out on Venice Beach. "I've never eaten here." I said while we parked Claudia's car in the parking lot. "I haven't either, whenever they come and eat here, I always stay back at the dorms." Hannah said. "It is amazing!" Claudia said. "Yes, now let's go!" Shelby said, rushing out of the car. We went in and ordered burgers with milkshakes. I got a vanilla milkshake, Shelby got a vanilla too, Hannah got a strawberry milkshake, and Claudia got a chocolate milkshake. We ate and talked about tonight and what we were excited about. "I'm afraid I'll, like, spill something on my shirt or accidentally spit on him or his food." Hannah said with a worrying look in her face. "Don't worry about it! If that does happen and if he truly likes you, he shouldn't care." I said. "I guess you're right." "Yeah, what Clarissa said, and if he says something, let me know, I'll go sit on him for you." Claudia said while laughing. Then Hannah finally laughed and got rid of the worrying face. "I hope he snuggles up with me," Shelby said, sighing and looking up. "Ew Shelby," Claudia said while still laughing. Shelby laughed too and Claudia said, "We should order pizza, Shelby!" "Oh my God, yes!" Then after a few more minutes of conversing, we realized it was 6:40, and Hannah and I had to get ready for our dates! We rushed back to our dorms and changed. I touched up my makeup and straightened my hair. About 7:34 I was finally ready and Gavin had texted me. "Go to the parking lot and I'll pick you up there ;)" I screeched from excitement and started jumping up and down. "Okay, see you then!" It was 7:54 and I made my way to the parking lot, and I waved bye to Hannah who walked off with Adam. Soon, I saw Gavin's black Corvette pull up to my side. He got out and opened the door for me, "Thank you," I smiled. "No problem." He smiled back. He got in the car and we drove to the nearest theater. He turned the radio on low and he started talking to me. "Sooo, where are you from?" He asked. "I'm from Texas, and you?" I smiled. "I came from Texas, too!" He laughed. "Where in Texas?" "Um, a little town called Aransas." I laughed. "I've heard about that little town before, but I think I only went there once and I don't really remember it." "Oh, that's cool, but I lived there up until now." I smiled. "Hey, I didn't get to tell you this but you look beautiful." He laughed but his cheeks seemed pink. "Thank you, and you look really good too." I smiled. "Thanks," He smiled back at me. After that, we just enjoyed the music that was playing and then a song that I really liked came on, it was "Sugar" by Maroon 5 then Gavin turned it up. "Wait, you like this song too?!" I asked. "Yeah!" He yelled back while smiling, then we both ended up singing and I lip synced for a minute just to hear Gavin... And he was really good. Then it went back to admiring the view after the song ended. "You're really good," I smiled. "Really? I honestly wasn't trying," Gavin said then laughed. "Haha, you must have talent. Can you sing for me?" I blurted out and felt my face burning. "I- never mind, you don't have to!" I wanted to slap myself in the face. "No, it's fine! I can sing for you," He smiled. "Really?" I asked. "Yeah, I had to do it for my church when I was younger and I guess I can sing for you...but, under one condition." "Okay, what is it?" I asked. "You have to sing with me." "Oh my gosh, really?" I covered my face. "Please," He asked sweetly. "Oh okay, fine." I smiled. "Yes!" "What song do you want to sing?" I asked. "Lay Me Down by Sam Smith." Gavin said shyly. "You listen to Sam Smith?!" I said, in awe. "Yeah, I really enjoy his music," Gavin laughed. "Awesome," I said. Gavin told me to put on the song and I did, then we began a "duet" as Gavin had called it and after hearing his voice, I realized I liked him more than I thought... Then we had finally arrived at the movies and we got our tickets but he paid for me. "There was no need for that, Gavin! I brought my own money," I laughed. "This whole night is on me, you don't spend one penny!" He said, tucking away the money I pulled out back into my little bag. "Well, thank you." I said. "No problem," He smiled. We bought a few snacks to munch on before and during the movie, then we went to go find good seats in the actual theater. "Gavin?" "Yes?" "Can we go to the beach after this?" I asked. "Sure, I'm up for it." He replied with a smile. "Thanks," I smiled back. After a little bit of giggles and conversation, the movie started and everyone grew quiet.