
It was Isaiah.
He hadn't realized I was sitting there because he seemed to just be looking out the window and I immediately looked back down at my phone and texted Gavin, "please hurry!!!!!" I felt my heart racing like crazy and felt like I couldn't catch my breath. Maybe I was overreacting but I had to walk out, I had to get out of the room. "I'm coming back" Gavin finally texted. I looked up again and I wish I hadn't because there he was, with his perfect hazel brown eyes amd brown hair, staring at me. Gavin walked back into the room and sat down beside me. "Um, let's go, let's leave." I said, gathering my stuff and grabbing Gavin's hand. "What, why?" He asked, startled. "Clarissa!" I tried so hard not to stop but I did and Gavin was questioning me repeatedly. "What's wrong?" "My ex... He's here." I managed to get out. "Can you check if he's still sitting there? He has hazel brown eyes and dark brown hair," Gavin walked back to the living room and came back. "Yeah, but he's getting up," "Okay well let's go find the rest of the group and let's just stay there with them." I said, grabbing Gavin's hand again since it was my only comfort right now. I don't know why, but I turned around... and there he was. Gavin squeezed my hand as Isaiah approached us, but he walked past me... He just walked past me. He didn't even look at me. I looked at Gavin and he stared at me. "You okay?" He asked. "Y-yeah, I think I'm okay." I slipped Isaiah to the very back of my mind then Gavin said, "Well let's go find the rest of the group and actually have fun tonight," He winked and smiled. I nodded my head and we found all of them in a crowded room where the music was blasting. "The Only Way Is Up" by Martin Garrix and Tiësto was playing and we all danced until our whole bodies hurt, trying to numb the pain my heart was experiencing. "Let's go to the back of the house!" Hannah yelled through the music. We all agreed and walked to the back of the house which was where the Santa Monica beach was. We walked to the water and enjoyed the moon and talked about things, took pictures, and walked around until about 11:30. We walked back to the beach house and ate some food and played some games, took more pictures, and danced a little bit more until everyone started heading out. It was around 1:40AM when everyone left and Sam locked the door to the beach house and we walked back to our dorms. When we reached there, everyone said their goodbyes and I hugged Gavin and thanked him for being there tonight. "No problem," He said smiling his cheek bones out. Shelby, Claudia, Hannah, and I walked back to Shelby and I's dorm and took showers and watched T.V. until they all fell asleep while I turned off the T.V., listening to music in the dark, and thought of Isaiah for awhile. Why didn't he say anything? Why didn't he look at me? Why is he so ignorant? My phone vibrated and it read, "New text message from Unknown Number" I clicked on it and it said:
"I miss you."