
"Isaiah?" I texted back. "Yeah..." I did the thumb dance as I tried to think of what to say. "Why didn't you say anything to me.." "That guy was with you and I heard you saying you had to leave and I just decided to ignore you.." "I miss you.." "Meet me at the beach" I sat up and thought about it. Should I? I put on some shoes and a jacket and slipped out of my dorm. I walked to the beach and sat at the edge, by the water, then I heard footsteps. I turned around and there he was. His face barely lit up by the moon. He sat down beside me and it was silent for quite awhile. "Well...how are you?" He whispered. "I'm fine, I guess," I whispered back. "I didn't know you were planning on coming to UCLA," He said. "I didn't either but it hit me one day." "Oh." And it was quiet again. All I heard were the waves crashing against each other and the silence yelling at me. "So who is the guy?" He asked, shyly. "His name is Gavin, and he's a really good friend of mine." Isaiah nodded, but I could tell he was jealous. I knew that face. "Clarissa, I really miss you." I finally looked at him, as I realized I hadn't looked at him the whole time we were talking. "I miss you too." I whispered back. I missed the nights where we would stay up and jam out to music and have long make out sessions and cuddle while watching stupid SOAP operas. I missed Isaiah completely. "I know what I did was wrong and so stupid of me but you still run through my mind every day..." I felt the lump in my throat, remembering that night. "I'm still stuck on you." That did it. The tears ran down my cheek and I wanted to scoot over and just hug Isaiah and say I loved him then kiss him but all I could do was bury my face in my hands and silently cry. Isaiah scooted closer and put his arm around me and I put my head to his chest and sobbed. "I still love you." Isaiah murmured to my ear. I eventually stopped crying and I finally said something back. "Isaiah, I really, really miss you and I still am in love with you..." His face slightly lit up, "But I don't think I can ever take you back." I found myself tearing up again. Isaiah look hurt, "I understand..." He said as he got up, "Well I better go back to the dorms. I'll see you around, Clarissa." I tried to yell out his name to stop him but I couldn't, all I do was sit there and watch him walk away for the last time. I turned back around as he faded away into the night, and I looked at the moon and water. I sat there for a while, thinking about what had just happened. 'You just had the chance to take back the only person you've loved so much in the whole universe, and you rejected it.' I took a deep breath and walked back to dorms. I slipped back into the dorms and put on some music, thinking about Isaiah and Gavin, and the girls. I saw I had a new text message from Gavin:
"You still up? Text me for a bit if you are :) need some company"
It was sent an hour ago.
"Yeah I'm up! Are you even still awake?""Yeah! So what's up?""Had a weird night." "Wanna talk about it?""Do you remember that ex we saw at the party?""Yeah?" "Well I met up with him tonight, and I regret it..""Why?" "Because I discovered I still really like him and his stupid self.." "Come to my dorm.. Getting too tired to text" "Okay"
Once again, I snuck out of my dorm and sleepily walked to Gavin's dorm. "Where's Adam?" "He's knocked out, I think he drank too much at the party." I giggled, half asleep and Gavin walked me over to his bed. "Go ahead, sit down," I sat down and Gavin was examining my face and he just pulled me in for a hug. I didn't cry but I felt so comforted and safe...as if nothing could ruin this moment. I found myself scooting to the right side of Gavin and falling asleep to "Our Deal" by Best Coast that was quietly playing. I rested my head on Gavin's chest, with my body facing him and his arm around me. "You'll be okay, I promise." He whispered. "But he was so hurt when I told him I couldn't be with him," I said as a tear fell down my cheek. "You have someone falling in love with you right now, as we speak, and maybe some day you'll be in a hopeless romance with him, and maybe, just maybe, you'll be thanking yourself that you did reject that guy." I thought about that for awhile as I let that sink in... Maybe that "him" will be Gavin. I nodded my head then Gavin kissed my forehead. "Goodnight, Clarissa." He whispered again. "Goodnight, Gavin."
Maybe...