
- The next morning -
I woke up to my alarm at 7:20AM since we didn't go to our classes until 9:00AM. Shelby was already awake, trying to pick out an outfit. "Okay, Clarissa, the first day back to school is like runway time," I gave her a confused look. "First impressions are always important!" She laughed. I nodded my head, half asleep. I washed my face, brushed my teeth and went beside Shelby to pick out an outfit.
We both finally picked out an outfit, and got dressed. We straightened our hair and did our makeup. Hannah texted me asking if I was awake."Yeah :)"Then finally Shelby and I were done and satisfied with how we looked. We texted Hannah and Claudia telling them we're gonna meet up in the cafeteria to grab some breakfast. About 8:20, we were all done and ready to eat a quick breakfast. We went downstairs and picked Taco Bell for breakfast. "I'm upset none of us have first period together." Shelby said. "Same." Hannah replied. "At least we have a few classes together," I said. "True." Claudia said. Then at 8:44AM, the butterflies reached me. I texted Gavin:"See you in 4th period!" "Yeah!" Finally, at 9:00, the bell rang and everyone scattered. I said bye to the girls and walked to first period. I sat down in the back for no reason. These two cute guys, I'm guessing they were best friends, walked in and eyed me down. The shorter one nudged the taller one, then he smiled and they both walked toward me. "Hey," The shorter one said. "Hi." The taller one said. "Um, hey." I smiled. "We've never seen you around campus before, did you get here a few days later than everyone else?" The shorter one asked. "Yeah," I replied. "I've actually seen her around with um, Gavin." The taller one said. "Gavin?" The shorter one asked. I nodded. "Man, Gavin is like, one of the popular guys, except he's weird, but that's okay." The shorter one said, giggling. I laughed. "Yeah, he is weird." The taller one nodded. He seemed to be shy, with light brown hair and light brown eyes, along with extremely long eyelashes and semi wavy hair. The shorter one had straight, almost black hair and brown eyes, with a really good looking smile. "Oh, by the way, I'm Sabian." The shorter one, now Sabian, said. "And I'm Stone." The taller one, now Stone, said. "I'm Clarissa." I smiled. Sabian sat in front of me while Stone said beside me in the group table. "So where did you come from?" Sabian asked. "I came from Texas." I said. "Aw, cool, I came from Chicago, Illinois." Sabian responded. "I came from Chicago, too. We've been best friends ever since middle school," Stone explained. "That's cool," I said, smiling. "You're really pretty by the way," Sabian said, with his classy smile. I felt my face get kinda hot. "Thanks," I said, giggling nervously. "Ignore that flirtatious monkey thing named Sabian," Stone said, laughing. "Shut up, rock!" Sabian replied with a laugh. I laughed at the two guys I just met, they seemed cool. "But I do have to say," Stone began, holding up his finger, "You are quite the view." He smirked and Sabian sighed. "Yeah, I'm the flirtatious one," He said smiling. "Thank you." I smiled back. "Soo does Gavin have like, a thing for you? Or is it the 'just friends' deal?" Sabian asked. "We're seriously just friends, "I started. "No, he likes you," Stone said. "How do you know?" I asked. "Everyone knows but you." He laughed. I laughed but I heard this girl sitting in front of us practically yelling about Gavin. "Yeah, Gavin totally likes me, he texts me all the time!" I rolled my eyes, she is such a liar. "Well if he ever hurts you, call us up! We'll beat him up for you!" Sabian said, laughing. I laughed and I realized I really liked these guys, as friends. "You guys are cool," I smiled. "Really?" Sabian asked. "Yeah," I said. "Thanks." Stone said. "Yeah, thanks!" Sabian added. They were both really attractive and I almost couldn't believe that they were talking to me.
- Fourth period -"Hey!" Gavin said as I walked into my fourth period. I had just discovered I have 5 classes with Stone and Sabian, which was cool. "Hey," I said back. A bunch of people were in a group with Gavin and I hadn't realized how popular he actually was until just now. "So meet any new people?" Gavin asked. "Uh yeah, these two guys." Gavin's eyebrows furrowed. "Really? Who?" "Stone and Sabian." Gavin's face looked confused then it lit up. "Oh, those two!" I nodded. "Yeah, they're cool," He smiled. I laughed, remembering how dorky they both are. "They're really funny," Gavin nodded then his name was called by a few guys. "Uh, be right back," He told me and left to the group. I took a seat then the teacher walked in and everyone found a desk immediately. Gavin didn't even sit by me, but he sat by a hundred other girls. Not on purpose though, I'm sure. He gave me an 'I'm sorry' face and I smiled weakly at him.