
Gavin's P.O.V. Clarissa accidentally caught me staring at her, admiring her features, when she looked up at me and gave me a questioning face. I had to think of something fast, so I just shrugged and she laughed. I really liked hanging out with Clarissa. She's fun to be around, and I just wanna hug her short self. We finally approached the rest of the group and Clarissa ran up to Hannah with Adam, and I walked up next to Sam. "How're things with Shelby?" I asked as Shelby walked over to Claudia, Hannah, and Clarissa. "I really like her, man." Sam whispered while looking at Shelby. "Hey, can I tell you something?" I asked. "Sure," "I think I like Clarissa." "Oh yeah, Adam already told me." I furrowed my eyebrows and cussed out Adam in my head. "Well yeah, and I hope her and I become really close," I said. Sam winked and I suddenly said, "Not like that dude!" Sam laughed and nodded. "I know, I was just joking." "Okay, good." I laughed. "I'm thinking about throwing this party tomorrow night, think I should?" Sam asked. "Yeah, that'd be cool," I said. "Yeah! I won't forget to invite your women," Roberto said laughing. "Shut up, Sam." I said, rolling my eyes at him.
Clarissa's P.O.V.
Shelby mentioned something about Sam having a party tomorrow night, and that he was gonna invite a lot of people. Me personally, never really went to huge parties like that very often, where there was a lot of people, and drinks, and loud music. I told Hannah about it and she said, "Don't worry about it, you can just hang with us the whole time." I smiled. "Alright, sounds good because I know absolutely no one else here except you guys." I said, laughing. "Just warning you ahead of time, a lot of girls throw themselves at Gavin," Hannah said. "I can tell," I said. "But I think he only has eyes on one girl." "Who?" I asked, curiously. "You! Duh," Hannah said, laughing. "Oh," I said, feeling my face get warm.
The next day...
I woke up to Shelby singing Taylor Swift. "Can you turn that down, please?" I asked, half asleep. "No way! It's already 11:34 you need to wake up!" Shelby said, turning T. Swift up. I sat up and realized today was that party thing. "What time does the party start?" I asked Shelby. "Sam said it's gonna start around 6:30," She replied. I walked to the bathroom and brushed my teeth, washed my face, put on my bra and went to the cafe here at UCLA. I was gonna get breakfast there, and bring it back up to my dorm. I got pancakes and bacon with some orange juice. I went back to Shelby and I's dorm and ate. "What should I wear tonight? A dress or casual T-shirt and jeans?" Shelby asked while looking in her closet. "Well, if the dress is casual, I say wear that." "Good idea, thanks Clarissa!"
I was sitting down on my bed, with Shelby out and about, while I was stuck in the dorm scrolling through Instagram. I heard a knock and ran to check the peep hole and saw Gavin. "Hey, can I come in?" He asked shyly for some reason. I opened the door and smiled. "Of course, I can't just say no to Gavin." He smiled and walked in. "Shelby isn't here?" He asked. "Nope, she's out shopping and stuff," I replied. "Oh, I'm guessing for the party tonight?" He smirked. "I guess, she didn't really say." I said then laughed. Gavin sat on my bed and I sat beside him. "Tonight's gonna be fun, right?" I asked. "Yeah, for sure!" Gavin said, smiling. I laughed. "Good, I don't wanna make a bad reputation of myself though," I said, worried. "Nah, you won't, don't worry about it," He smiled. I heard a knock then and ran to the door to see Hannah. "Okay, I need help finding an outfit tonigh-" She looked over and saw Gavin sitting on my bed and said "Oh, hi Gavin..." She gave an him awkward smile. He waved and said hey.