
"What do you mean?" Gavin asked. "He must've found out that we started dating," I whispered. "I'm gonna go talk to him." I said. "Okay and you be careful." Gavin said then he stood up and kissed my cheek. "I will." I walked out of my dorm when I received a text from Sabian.
"We've gotta talk. It's important"
"Heading your way"
I knocked on Sabian's dorm as I opened it to him and Stone laying on their bed, shirtless. "Oh, shit. I didn't get your message that you were coming." Sabian said, getting up to find a shirt. Stone just laid there, smirking. "It's not like she's never seen a guy shirtless, right?" Stone asked. "No, I mean, it is your dorm after all." I replied. "So would you feel comfortable even without my shirt on?" Sabian asked. "Because I'd prefer to be shirtless right now." Sabian added. "It's fine." I said with a smile. "Okay, well what I was gonna tell you is that I think I know who tried burning down Gavin's beach house!" "I think it was Isaiah." I whispered. "I-Isaiah?" Sabian asked, laughing. "Yeah, he probably found out Gavin and I were dating and he got jealous and tried burning it down..." I said, now in doubt. "Why would he get jealous?" Sabian asked. "We used to date back in high school, and recently he's tried getting back together with me, and ugh, I miss him," I murmured. "But I know I can never get back with him." I finished. "Why?" Sabian asked. "He cheated on me." I said, remembering the day I found out.
- FLASHBACK -
I knocked on Isaiah's door to his house, I decided to surprise him since his parents were out of town for the millionth time and it was close to our 5 year anniversary. The door was open, so I walked right in. I snuck to his room and opened the door to him making out, both of them shirtless, with my best friend. "Shit." Isaiah said, "You stay the fuck away from me... Both of you!" I said then I walked away and he tried running after me until I pushed him away and ran back home. He tried calling, texting, visiting but I refused to talk to him ever again, but deep down, I'm still in love with him.
- end of flashback -
"Isaiah cheated on you?" Sabian asked. "Yeah." "Heartless bastard!" Stone yelled. "Right? If I had you as my girlfriend, I would never even think about other girls," Sabian said, laughing. I smiled. "Well, he didn't do it, in fact, no one did." Sabian explained. "What do you mean?" I asked. "Well I went to check it out today, don't tell Gavin, and it was simply because no one put out some fire they were having, roasting marshmallows or something." Sabian replied. "What the hell?" I said. "Yeah." Sabian said. "I thought we had put it out!" I said. "Well maybe there was some sparks left and the wind kinda, just revived them, I don't know." Sabian said. "Well, Sabian, you are my lifesaver!" I said, hugging him. "Ah, no problem." He said, hugging back. "Oh, and Stone helped too." Sabian said, smiling. I went and hugged him too then Sabian laughed. "Actually he didn't, but he just wanted a hug." Sabian said smiling. Stone pushed Sabian playfully and laughed, "Shut up, Sabian." I laughed and thanked Sabian again then walked back to my dorm.
I told Gavin everything and he was in shock. "Wow, all that for nothing." He said, laughing. I nodded, laughing with him. "Let's take a drive to the beach house," Gavin said, taking my hand and leading me to his car. "Just you and I." I smiled and nodded. We drove to the beach house while blasting Galantis.
We arrived and the house was playing "Dancin' To The Sound of A Broken Heart" by Galantis. "You have speakers in the house?" I asked. "Yep, but I barely plugged them in today." Gavin explained. I smiled and walked inside. "So what do you wanna do?" I asked, smiling. "Come with me," He said, leading me to some room. "I wanna show you something." We walked into this room, which led up to the roof where we sat. It was silent for awhile as we were taking in the view. "I love you, Gavin." I whispered. "I love you more." He whispered back. The view was beautiful, as you see most of L.A., the little beach, tons of houses, the moon, and the sunset. Now Andrew Belle was playing, which made the moment even better. "You like it?" He asked. "Yeah, it's nice up here." I replied. "I'm glad I met you," Gavin said, smiling. "Why?" I asked. "Because there's just something about you that makes me all happy and weird." He responded, laughing. "Yeah, the same thing happens to me with you." I said back. After snuggling up and laughing about a lot of things, we saw the entire city lit up with the moon right above it. "That's gorgeous." I whispered. "Yep, I love it up here." Gavin said. After enjoying it some more, we finally went back inside the house. "What do you want to eat?" Gavin asked. "Well what do you have?" I asked. "Um... Food?" Gavin said with a smirk. I checked the fridge and he had nothing. "Wanna order Chinese?" I asked. "Sure, fine with me." He said. I ordered Chinese food and when it came, we just sat out on the beach, talking about things. "So when did Shelby and Sam get together?" I asked. "Junior year, I think he said." Gavin replied. "Ooh, they're cute." I said, getting some noodles. He nodded as he had a mouthful of chicken and noodles.