
I woke up early at 9:28AM and saw Hannah on Shelby's bed, then I remembered last night and squealed a little with a smile. "Hey Hannah, wake up!" I said, then I put on some music. Hannah woke up shortly afterwards and we got dressed but went out with our naked faces. We walked over to Hannah and Claudia's dorm and saw Claudia and Edgar laying asleep with Edgar's arm around Claudia and Shelby with her head on Sam's chest. "Wake up!" Hannah yelled, then everyone sat up immediately. "Let's go get some damn breakfast!" Hannah said, laughing. I called Gavin and asked him if he wanted to get some breakfast."Sure!" He replied. "Okay, we'll pick you up.""Alright, see you then." Soon we were all dressed and walked out to Adam and Gavin's dorm. "Gavin shares a dorm with Adam?" I asked Hannah. "Yeah," Hannah laughed. "You didn't know that?" She asked. "No," I shook my head, laughing. "Oh, well yeah, they share a dorm together." Hannah said. When we got there, Hannah and I did rock-paper-scissors to see who would knock on the door. Hannah lost, so she had to knock. "Hey," Gavin opened the door and then yelled out to Adam then started turning back into the dorm. "Uh, Clarissa's here too," Hannah said, putting herself aside and then he saw me and smiled. "Oh, I didn't see you there! Were you hiding behind Hannah?" "No, she just stepped in front of me," I laughed. "Oh well, where are we eating?" Gavin asked. "I think Hannah and everyone else decided IHop." I replied. "Everyone?" "Hannah, Adam, Shelby, Sam, Claudia, and Edgar." I said. "Oohhh! Okay, well I guess IHop it is." He smiled. I smiled back then we ran back to Claudia's Chevrolet Suburban and we all managed to fit in the 7 seats. Edgar was driving to the nearest IHop was kind of far away but not really but we all knew it might take 20-30 minutes to get there. Claudia was sitting in the passengers seat, Gavin sat on one side of me and Hannah sat on the other then Shelby and Sam were sitting in front of us and Adam was sitting in the back. "Poor Adam," Hannah laughed. Then Adam shook his head. "Not the first time this has happened," Adam shouted as we were all laughing. Everyone started having their own little conversations and I started talking to Gavin. "You look tired." I told Gavin as I saw his eyes drifting off into sleep. "What? Oh, no. I'm not tired at all," He smiled with his eyes half closed. "Too early?" I asked, giggling. "Yeah," He smiled still. "Go ahead and sleep," I said. "Okay," Gavin said, finally resting his eyes. I pulled out my phone and opened Snapchat then I took a picture with sleeping Gavin. I put a smiley emoji with a heart and added it to my story, knowing he would see it. We finally arrived at IHop and everyone got out of the car but I had to wake up Gavin. "Gavin, we're here at IHop," I said, shaking him softly. He woke up and smiled. "Finally," He said, stretching. We got out of the vehicle and entered IHop. We got a big booth and squeezed ourselves into it. We all ordered something that had either pancakes, french toast, or Belgian waffles. Then we discussed that we're starting our freshman year in college in 2 days, and I was nervous but excited. "Ah, I can't wait!" Shelby screeched and then Claudia said she was nervous, and a lot of us agreed.
Back at the dorms, we all ran out of Claudia's SUV and we all decided we could spend the rest of our day at the beach, so we went back to our dorms and we packed some beach essentials and headed back out. "I've been needing to work on a tan," Shelby said. "I want to get a tan but I like being pale at the same time. I just wonder what I would look like tan?" Hannah said. "You wouldn't look like you," I giggled. "Really?" Hannah asked. "True." Claudia said. "Yeah, being pale suits you." Shelby added. We approached the beach and saw the guys laughing and pushing around each other. "Guys are weird," Hannah said. "Ain't that the truth." Claudia said, laughing. I smiled and Gavin saw me and smiled, then he ran up to me. "Hey." He said. "Hi." I smiled. "Nice day out, right?" Gavin asked. "It's always a nice day in L.A., Gavin." I said, laughing. He smiled. "That's true, it hardly ever rains over here! Droughts always happening here," "Yeah but I like it being sunny." I said, looking up at the bright sun. "Me too, it always keeps me in a good mood." Gavin said. "Guys! Are you getting in the water or nah?" Sam yelled out to us from the shore. Then I saw everyone, except Gavin and I, playing in the water. "Yeah!" Gavin yelled back. He got up then helped me up. "You're a good friend, Clarissa. I know I've only known you for a couple of days but you're really nice, and funny...." He said, staying silent for a moment, as if he was thinking. "And pretty." He added, laughing. I laughed. "Thank you, and you're a really good friend too." I replied. "Thanks." He smiled. I nodded and we reached the water. Shelby ran up to me and screeched. "Where's your bathing suit at?" "It's underneath my cover up clothes." "So you're going in the water with your clothes on?" She asked. I felt my face heating up, and was embarrassed for some reason. "No, I'll take them off." I turned around and saw Gavin taking his shirt off, and I felt my face get even hotter. I was trying not to stare but I couldn't help myself. I slipped off my my t-shirt but left my blue jean shorts on. I saw Gavin looking at everyone play in the water, then he turned around and saw me then he smiled. We walked in the water and I caught him staring at me. I looked at him, confused, but he shrugged his shoulders and did a half smirk. I laughed and nodded. Hannah saw us and raised her eyebrow, which made me laugh.