
I smiled and waved at Gavin and he did the same but no words were spoken until we both sat in his car. "So..." I began, "No questions." Gavin said smiling. I nodded then Gavin blasted some Walk The Moon, "Avalanche" is the song that he played. "I love this song!" I yelled. Gavin smiled and we just sang along the whole time. The drive was long, I noticed, but I didn't mind because I liked spending time with Gavin, and the view was pretty.
Once we entered a place I couldn't see because Gavin told me to cover my eyes. He helped me out of the car and told me to keep them closed. I opened them to a huge beach house! Gavin opened the door and in the living room I saw Hannah, Adam, Shelby, Sam, Claudia, and Edgar. I was in awe at how beautiful the beach house and the view was! "Whose house is this?" I asked Gavin. "My parents own it, it's the house they stay at when the come to L.A." Gavin explained. I nodded and ran to my best friends and said hey to all the guys. "I'm so excited we all came here." Shelby said smiling. "Yeah, same!" Hannah said. "Why didn't anyone tell me?" I asked. "Gavin wanted to surprise you," Shelby said, winking. I smiled and walked back to Gavin. "You like it?" He asked. "Yes, it's beautiful." I said, looking up at him. I hugged him, thanking him for bringing me here. "No problem." He smiled. We all sat down on the couch, talking about what we want for dinner. "Pizza?" Claudia asked. "I wouldn't mind some pizza," I responded. Everyone soon agreed and Gavin went to order some pizza, and everyone went around discussing which rooms they were gonna stay in and I called for one upstairs and Gavin said he'll be up there with me... In the same room. My heart just about died then and there because this was something I've thought about ever since I've spoken to Gavin. Shelby and Sam were staying in the room across from ours and Hannah and Adam were staying across from Claudia and Edgar downstairs. The pizza arrived and we all sat outside, just relaxing and talking. "So whenever we graduate from college, do you think we'll all be heading different directions?" Shelby asked. "Shelby, don't ask that." Hannah replied. "But it will go by fast..." Shelby said back. "She's right." Adam said. "I'm just hoping that we all stick together for the next 4 years," Sam said. "I can drink to that." Edgar said, taking a drink out of his Dr. Pepper. "I'm sure we will, I mean, I have to say we're a pretty good group of friends." Gavin said,  taking a bite of his pizza. "Yeah." Shelby responded. "But let's just live in the now, we're young and we're happy." I finally said. "True as fuck." Hannah said, laughing. We all finished our pizza and went back inside, and it was finally 7PM. "Wanna go to the little beach with me?" Gavin asked me. "Sure," I said smiling at him. He took my hand and led me to this small beach that seemed like it was only for his family, and I adored it. "Does anyone come to this beach?" I asked. "Nope, I don't think anyone knows that it exists." Gavin said, giggling. I laughed and sat down in the sand. "So you enjoying California so far?" Gavin asked. "Yeah, I love it here." "Well, that's good," Gavin said, his smile was lit up by the moon light. I nodded and soaked in the moon light and just the beauty of the little beach around us. I received a text from Sabian:
"Let's make plans!"
I didn't respond because I didn't wanna seem rude to Gavin. "So do you like Sabian?" Gavin murmured. "As a friend." I explained. Gavin nodded."Listen, Clarissa, you've been on my mind nonstop ever since I've laid eyes on you and I just can't help but ask you..." He paused a moment and I got all giddy. I couldn't stop smiling, "Will you be my girlfriend?" He asked with that signature smirk. I nodded. "Yes," I smiled. "Ah, thank God. I've been nervous all day to ask you that." Gavin said, embarrassed. "No need to be nervous now..." I said, smiling at him.
After talking and sitting on the little beach, we went back inside to see everybody on their phones. "Guys let's take a selfie so we can post pictures on instagram!" Shelby said. She grabbed her selfie stick and we took several pictures, and I edited them and just Hannah, Shelby, and I posted some. We all went back to laying down and watching movies until we all grew tired and went to our rooms.