
I am dedicating this story to my mother, Gerry Lois Portis Bartlett. I told her a very primitive & G-rated version of this story when I was a small child. She was my number one fan back then, and even though she has gone onto the other side, I feel like she just might still be.
This one is for you, Mom, I love you & always will.



Chapter One

Birds chirped happily in the cool morning air as a young man of only seventeen years rode his horse down the boreen, far from his family home. A large pig walked along side, grunting now and then, as if asking could they stop and rest a while.
Jacob Muldoon would not be stopping, he was on his way to fetch a bride for himself. A young and pretty thing he'd heard about while in Dublin, nearly a year ago. It had taken him that long to build a modest home for them to live in.
On his way out, he'd stopped by the spring near the home he'd built. The water was cold, yet he knew he needed to wash his skin clean before his new bride first set eyes on him. His mother had made him a brand new shirt, he had to make due with a pair of trousers he already had and his old boots, but he thought he must look alright. No one told him any different before he left his family for the journey.
Jacob had been full of courage when he first set out, right as the sun's beams began to light the sky. It seemed the closer he got to his destination, the more his stomach flittered with nerves. He attempted to push away thoughts of uncertainty as they nagged at him.
What if the girl's father tells me, no? What if the girl turns out to be nothin' of what I think she is?  What if she is beautiful, but really dumb or mean or hateful? What if she isn't? What if she's perfect, too perfect for such a simple man as me self?
He'd not much to offer; a home, a nice place to live and raise a family, a knack for hunting.
Will what I have to offer be enough for her?
The babbling sound of a brook, which he could not see, tickled at her ears. The horse's hooves hit the first slick stone, sliding about, tossing Jacob off in the process. A green, slimy mark on the knees of his trousers stood out when he got back up. Without realizing what he was doin' he wiped his hands on his new, light tan shirt, leaving dirty trails on it.
"You glunterpeck!" He yelled at himself. "What will she think of ya now?"
His horse waited on the other side of the brook for him, the pig taking the chance to rest, was lying down, lapping at the water. Jacob climbed back up on his horse, moving forward once again. The pig looked up watching them leave him behind. He snorted then rose and followed.
Jacob's spirit almost broken, he nearly turned back to go home. But the thought of maybe taking a wife home with him was too much of a prize to turn away from, no matter the condition of his clothes.
The roof of the house came into his view. He stopped the horse, climbed down and put a rope around the pig's neck. As he got back up on his horse, he realized he was shaking as his hands took the reins. "Calm yourself, 'tis just a girl," he told himself, then gave the horse a kick to get moving forward.
He found himself in the front of the home. A large farmhouse, so much nicer than what he grew up in or had built for them to live in.
Will she even want to go with me?
Getting off the horse, he grabbed the rope, tugging the pig along with him. Standing in front of the door, he took in a deep breath, trying to lose his nerves. It seemed he would have to do it with them, as they were not leaving, so he knocked.












