
I finished my homework within the next couple of minutes and started to pick out an outfit for the first day back at school. Being best friends with both half's of the schools 'it' couple was a lot of work and meant I had to look good no matter what I felt like. In the end I decided on a plaid collared dress with a beige snood and knitted cardigan with my light brown booties. I quickly sent a picture to lydia, smiling at the fact that I knew she would like it, before sitting in my desk to start my revision. I know what what you are thinking 'it's not even school yet, why is she revising?' well when you have a teacher like Mr Harris you kind of need to revise because it's guaranteed he won't give a damn that you had a holiday. I got on to the fourth page of my revision guide before my vision started to blur and words on my page seemed to jump out at me. You need to know the names of all lost, it's not as it seems. The eyes that haunt you will prove to help. Follow the screams that brought you here. I shook my head and looked back down to find that it was just a normal revision book again. I took a step back and leaves crunched underfoot, looking up a house met my sight, the windows smashed and the walls burnt and abandoned. It must have been an old house because the scorch marks had leaves and Ivy growing over them. The door was open and I made tentative steps towards the aging house my bare feet meeting the cold wooden steps split seconds before my head became overcome with pictures of people and flames. My body burned withering in pain on the porch as the story of a boy in love with the wrong girl filled my mind, a family dying, a brother and sister left, a girl with dark hair like her mother's escaping and running, an uncle burning in pain trying to help said girl. Peter, derek, Laura,  Kate,  cora,  talia, lucas, Sophie, Lucy, Ross, James and George. Scream olivia scream...SCREAM OLIVIA SCREAM. My mind screamed in terror. The pain was suffocating; I did not know how much more I could handle. I only knew that I was not going to give itthe pleasure of victory, even if it meant holding on for a bit longer. Scream...Scream.... SCREAM....Scream. ...SCREAM. I closed my eyes my hands grasping on to each other so tightly they turned white from lack of circulation. My eyes shot open as all the air left my lungs left my lung in a scream that seemed to block out all other sounds. But then I heard it the beat of my heart kicking into gear and the sharp intakes of breath as I tried to keep up with it. Lights zoomed past in the corner of my vision and I spun to see the source, panting, ears ringing, eyes closing, body dropping until I had fainted on the porch of the old and desolate home in a preserve that would be empty and closed until the next day.