
The faces were all changing but I knew them, of course I knew them. And then I screamed.
I woke up screaming and decided to just lie in my bed as I waited for the images to stop I was used to it by now it had been happening for the past year. Dreams of werewolves and kanimas,what ever that was. My mum and brother had just learnt to deal with it and didn't come into check anymore because they knew I would just roll over and pretend I was asleep, that's why I was so surprised when I heard movement out on the landing. The sound stopped when it reached my door but carried on after a brief pause, I frowned where could they be going. I got out of bed and smoothed down my oversized lacrosse top that I wore to sleep in, as I walked towards my door I heard two screams and decided to grab my lacrosse stick at the last minute. This better be worth it. I left my room and walked over to the balcony from where I saw scott my idiotic twin and stiles one of my idiotic best friends, I sighed in relief. "What the hell are you two idiots doing" I whisper shouted. Scott looked at me and shrugged before turning to stiles and shouting"Stiles, what the hell are you doing?" Stiles just shrugged which looked like it took a lot of effort since he was hanging from our trellis, before replying "You guys weren't answering your phones." Really bruh do I look in the mood for this. I went to go back to bed but scott stopped me and stiles sent me an annoyed glare before carrying on with What he was saying "I know it's late, but you gotta' hear this. I saw my dad leave twenty minutes ago. Dispatch called. They're bringing in every officer from the Beacon department and even the state police." Now that is something worth listening to. I went to say something but scott cut me of "for what" he asked. "Two joggers found a body in the woods." The look on scotts face made me want to laugh he looked so confused "A dead body?" He asked and that was it the final straw I burst out laughing and patted his back before answering his question "No, a body of water. Yes, dumbass, a dead body." I helped stiles stand up right before saying that I had homework and needed to pick an outfit out for the next day. I walked back to my room leaving them on the balcony with the muttering of stiles and scott drifting towards my door as I shut it and laid back down. Idiots.