
I ran like a helpless fool, letting out heart-wrenching sobs as I tore through the sheet of droplets. I had left my gun, but I didn't care. All I wanted was my little Alfred back in my arms where I knew he was safe.
~-End flashback-~
With a sigh, I rolled my eyes at the American's stupid ideas. I had done this since that day. I pretended to not care. But in reality, I felt as if I was dying. My country was fine, but I wasn't. How I pretended was how my country was doing, in politics and economy.
However, all I could feel inside was hurt and betrayal when I so much as heard his voice, or see him across the room, or even just being near him. I felt completely unworthy of being in his presence. Soon, though I was too distracted to notice, the meeting had come to an end. The other personifications left, in groups, alone, or shouting something about food while I said back in my chair. I stared at the table top, my teacup resting beside my line of vision.
"England?" A voice muttered, halting my train of thought. For a second, my mind registered the voice before I stood with a sigh.
"I am terribly sorry. I was just-" I paused when I saw the speaker. His baby blue eyes gave me a confused stare.
America stuffed his hands in his pockets as he made his way towards me. "Yo, England? You okay, dude?" He asked, quieter then normal.
Trying the best I could, I straightened my figure, and cleared my throat. "Oh. It's just you. And yes, I am just fine. I most certainly don't need your pity, you bloody git." I grumbled, but secretly wished for him to keep speaking to me.
As I gathered my things, America stopped behind me. "That's a crap ton of shit, dude!" He shouted, pointing at my stack of papers. "You were working on them the whole meeting, and you're still not done!? Damn, what's up with your boss, dude?"
As subtly as I could manage, I cringed. Dude is a very friend-zoned word. "Whatever, you bloody idiot. I need to finish up here. If you don't leave now, I'm going to lock you up in here, and you'll be alone until the next meeting here."
The American's eyes widened and he stumbled back. "Not cool, dude! Not cool! Anyway, I have to go. Prussia and Denmark are waiting for me. We're starting my three-day party for my b-day! If you need me, I'll always be there, 'cause I'm the hero!" He shouted, pumping his fist in the air before bolting out.
I froze, my eyes widening. That's right. The fourth of July is in two days. Two more days until the people of America's nation celebrate the day he left me, and his birthday. With a sigh, I turned around, leaving my things on the table. After listening for voices, I decided no one was here. I was unable to hold back any more. I stumbled over to the windows as tears welled up in my eyes.