
My forehead and palm pressed against the cool glass, droplets drizzled onto the window. Sobs managed to escape me as I clutched my uniform over my heart. I let myself release my feelings, not considering the consequences. After a minute, I crumpled to the floor, my breathing now rapid. Liquid drenched my cheeks, and I didn't even try to stop it.
"ENGLAND!? DUDE, YOU STILL HERE!?" Screamed an american as he ran towards the conference room, where I was. I scurried to my feet, frantically using my sleeve to wipe away my tears. Just to my luck, it was then that Alfred had ran in. "Britain, dude I-" he froze when his eyes landed on my figure.
Quickly, I mustered up the best glare I could, and folded my arms. "What do you want, you bloody-"
"You're crying." He bluntly cut me off, still in his position at the door. My eyes widened, and I stiffened. My face was probably still red and puffy. When the tips of my fingers brushed over my cheek, I felt a stray tear. "Wh... Why are you crying?" Alfred asked as he made his way towards me.
I gathered myself, returning to my previous glare. "I bloody told you, I don't need your pity!" I snapped, but still trembled. My gaze flittered All over the room, unable to meet his until he sftood directly in front of me, towering over me. His brows furrowed as concern filled his beautiful orbs that were hidden behind a pair of glasses.
America raised a glaved hand before wiping away more of my fallen tears. "Arthur... What's wrong?" He pressed, bringing me to stare into his eyes. "Tell me, Arthur." He demanded, but his tone was gentle.
A small whimpered tumbled from my lips before I could catch it. Sobs racked my body once again, but I was unable to rip my gaze from his. "You wouldn't bloody understand!" I shouted as strongly as I could.
However, the larger nation hardly even flinched. "Arthur, please." He whispered, now cupping my face.
I grasped his forearms, but didn't dare to even try pushing him away. "Y-you... You are th-the problem." I stuttered, hiccuping starting up. "For years and years -hic- you've been -hic- the blo-hic-bloody problem!"
The American kept his gentle, warm hands holding my head as I clenched my eyelids shut. "Its been like this ever since you -hic- you left me! Since -hic- since you gain-hic-gained indepenence!" I kept ranting, not knowing or caring what I said anymore. When I finished, I panted for breath as the hiccups kept coming. Much to my surprise and shock, I was enveloped in a warm, comfortable embrace.