
Cam's POV (Mr.Dallas) obvi
There she is, just sitting there doing her work like a good girl. I've dreamt about her, all the things I want to do with her. She's 18 and I'm 20. I want her, she's mine.
Lyla's POV
There he is. My teacher Cameron or Mr.Dallas, he always stares at me and it's weird. He is hot, very very hot but I can't do that... well I don't think I can. Anyway, I'm Lyla, I'm 18 and I have long brown hair with green eyes and I'm 5'5. Yes I am 18 and 5'5 leave me alone. I've never met my dad, he never wanted me so he signed off his rights and left my mom and I. My mom is always gone on business trips, I'm lucky if I even see her once a month. She does call everyday and cares for me. I love her with all my heart. Here is my life with Mr.Dallas.
(Still Lyla's POV)
Mr.Dallas is always staring at me and it's so weird. He always calls on me in class. "Miss Lyla, would you like to tell us what you're thinking about?" Of course there he is again, always popping up in my head. "No Mr.Dallas, I'm sorry." He smirked at me wtf. "I'll see you after school for detention." I just nodded. I don't understand what I did that was wrong, I was fucking thinking." (Sorry for language)
-SKIPS AFTER SCHOOL-
Well here I am, sitting in Mr.Dallas' s classroom waiting for him to get here and I'm kinda nervous. Wait why am I nervous? It's just Mr.Dallas. "Hello Lyla, it's amazing to see you here." I smiled "Only here because you said so sir." I said with a little sass. "Now Lyla let me ask you, have you ever been touched in any way?" Did he just ask me that? WHAT DO I EVEN SAY?!?! "Um excuse me?" He did that smirk thing again. "You heard me Lyla" I looked down thinking of what I should say then back up at him. "No Mr.Dallas I haven't been touched, why are you asking?" He put up a charming smile "Lyla you're so amazing you deserve to feel amazing, let me help you?" -----------------------------Cliffhanger
This story is my favorite story I've done by far. I will enjoy this story and be updating on this one a lot. I will also update on my other one but this one is very important.
I'll update again today. Love you guys