
"Damn it!"
She sighed as she slipped her dead phone in her back pocket. She looked to her right slightly irritated by Ava's calm demeanor. Her best friend was always sunshine but wild, and now more than ever she was beaming and didn't seem to mind that they were stranded at school.
"Rob, chill" Ava smiled at she turned her ring casually. "Why would I chill? I'm getting crisper by the minute." She knew she shouldn't have stayed so late after the pre-year cheer meeting with Ava.She wished hadn't gotten hit by that rude bougie woman in the parking lot of the beauty supply store last week and had her car back to drive. She wished she still wasn't at school when the school year hasn't even began!
"You should chill because the football players are still here for their summer training. We could ask anyone of them for a ride." As if on command, a group of football players came out of the track. Ava beamed as she saw Justin, a guy she told Robyn she was crushing on the other day. She flipped her long brunette hair behind her and stood up.
"Hey Justin! Sorry to bug but me and Robyn need a ride, could you help some damsels in distress?" Ava fake pouted and widened her green eyes.
Justin looked her up and down taking in her and Robyn with a smirk. "Yeah sure, me and Brett just have to stop by the pharmacy and get some stuff real quick."
Robyn studied Brett a bit, she had seen him around and knew he was best friends with Justin but really didn't think of either of them much, she wasn't really into white guys anyway. The four of them walked to Justin's truck and as Brett walked towards the passenger's seat, Ava maneuvered herself in front of him and took the seat shutting the door smiling at Justin. Brett shrugged and slid in the back with Robyn and that's when he really took her in. To say he was pleased would be an understatement. As Robyn glanced out the window, Brett couldn't take his eyes off her. She wasn't his usual type but she was damn cute. He looked at her smooth caramel legs in her denim shorts and smirked, his eyes followed up to her chest but diverted up as he started to feel like a pervert. She had pretty long hair, very dark and in naturally lose curls that almost had a wet look to them. Again, Brett thought, she's cute. Pretty damn cute.Robyn had felt Brett's eyes on her the entire time, he was far from slick. As the car came to a stop, she hopped out and turned to see Justin and Ava walking off. Next thing she knew, Ava was in a cart and Justin was pushing her down an aisle, leaving Robyn and Brett. After a few moments of awkward silence and pointlessly looking at medicine she had no intention of getting, Robyn sighed. She turned to Brett and stuck out her hand, "Robyn Rollins""Such a light handshake," Brett chuckled"Brett Layfield, why is it I've never seen you around?" he smiled still holding her hand."Maybe you weren't really looking huh?"