
So this is a teen wolf fic. I am starting from season two and going onwards. Three things. One, Stiles is a girl. Two, she has a spirit animal. Three season one happened the exact same as it did in the show, but Stiles was a girl, it wouldn't be that different. She didn't the crush on Lydia.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A video starts with the camera zooming over Beacon Hills and a girl's voice begins.
"Living in Beacon Hills is nice. It's a small town in California where the only thing that happened was a family died in a fire. The only problem is the nightlife. While some towns have robbers or muggers, we have werewolves."
The camera cuts to a girl running with a wolf by her side. She looked back to see a hulking figure running after her. It had gold, glowing eyes, fangs and claws. The girl turned left into an alley, only to run into a dead end. She came to a halt. She turned to see the werewolf turn the corner.
"Now most people would leave, but there's one thing I forgot to mention."
"You are a cruel man, Scott McCall." The girl yelled as the werewolf turned back to a boy about the same age as the girl. He tossed her some water.
"Only about twenty people know about the werewolves and most of said werewolves are friendly."
"Suck it up Stiles. You know it's for your own good."Scott said.
Stiles drank half of the bottle of water before answering. "Yeah. You and Allison chasing me through the abandoned district of Beacon Hills at whatever hour at night while I play a mouse being chased by a cat with Anubis as company," Stiles gestured angrily towards the wolf. "A tranq gun and my general knowledge. Why doesn't Allison have to do this crap?" She demanded, sinking to the ground in exhaustion.
"Stiles. Allison has natural ability and skills were you don't. You also have a spirit animal so you two need group training." Scott explained.
"Still hate this." She muttered."I can't believe that you made me leave my bat at home." Stiles was referring to an aluminum bat covered in a centimetre of mountain ash, infused with mistletoe and wolfsbane oil. The bat also had a spell on it to prevent the bat from breaking.
"You won't always have that bat on you, Stiles." Allison said, dropping down from the near by building.
"How'd she do?" Scott asked.
"She was two minutes faster than last time." Allison said. Stiles fist-pumped and stood, finishing her water.
"Can I go home now?" Stiles demanded. Scott glanced at Allison who nodded. Stiles smiled before turning and walking away. "See you guys at school." Stiles laughed at the groans behind her from her friends as she entered her Jeep, Anubis following. From the roof of a near by warehouse, a lizard-like creature sat, watching and waiting.