
I saw him wince but it's his fault, he shouldn't have scared me like that.
I heard Scott yell from the living room, "You okay Stiles?"
"Yeah Scotty just thought I saw something."
"Mhm whatever," I heard laughter in his voice, and I rolled my eyes at him.
I looked towards Derek and asked him, "Why did you scare me?"
He shrugged his shoulders and said, "I thought you knew I was in here."
I scoffed at that and replied with sarcasm, "Pssh. Yeah because I have super hearing and super senses. Yeah right."
He rolled his eyes at me and walked towards me. I backed up slowly and looked at him warily.
Derek and I have a love-hate relationship and it always depended on what his moods were for us to be nice to each other and actually talk.
"What the hell are you doing Derek?"
When he was in front of me, he took the snacks and drinks from my hand, and placed them on the counter.
Now I was really cautious of what he was about to do.
"Back up Derek."
"Don't you ever shut up Stiles?"
His question caught me off guard and hurt me a bit. I thought by now he would know that I talked when I was nervous. He had some nerve to even say that to me and boy was I going to give him a piece of my mind.
"You are..."
I never got to finish my sentence though because someone grabbed my hands and a pair of lips landed on my lips to shut me up.
I closed my eyes at first but when I opened them again, I saw it was Derek's lips.
Derek was kissing me.
I couldn't help the moan that escaped from my mouth. I didn't know Derek could kiss this good. If I did, I would have been kissed him or at least tried to.
We kissed for a few more seconds, but it felt like years.
Derek Hale was a good kisser and just took my first kiss.
His lips tasted like heaven against mine.
When he slowly backed up, I was still dazed by the kiss, until I saw him back up with a smirk. He just walked out of the kitchen and left me behind.
I was still dazed but then snapped out of it. I suddenly got angry. Derek shut me up by kissing me, not because he wanted me.
I felt used and I felt tears fill my eyes. It was all a joke.
I wiped my eyes and picked up the snacks and drinks from the counter, and took then out to the pack in the living room.
When I reached the living room, Jackson was the first to notice me.
"Finally Stilinski. What took you so long?"
I cleared my throat and replied, "Just wanted to make sure I got enough."
He rolled his eyes and said, "Whatever."
I felt eyes on me and looked up to see Derek looking at me. I ignored him though and turned away from his stare.
I turned back to the pack and said, "Dig in everyone," and that's what they did like the pack of hungry wolves they are, except for Lydia, Allison and Kira, who ate with manners.
Throughout the night, I didn't pay attention to anything and the only person who seemed to notice was Lydia.