
Dominic's P.O.V.
"Dom stop!" Jenae' says as she wiggles all around from me tickling her. Her laughs and screams were all you could hear in our apartment.
"Just say it and I'll stop." I said.
"Neverrrrr." She yelled trying to escape from my grip.
"Well then, I guess I won't stop." I said continuing to tickle her.
She was screaming and laughing hysterically now. "Ok ok! You are the finest , most sexiest guy I have ever laid eyes on and you look better than August Alsina."
"Aaannnnnd? What else?"
She rolled her eyes and sucked her teeth. "And can't nobody else put it down like you do... Big daddy."
"Hell nawl can't nobody put it down like big daddy girl." I said. She gave me the stank face and we just bust out laughing together.
****"DOM! DOM!!" Marcus yelled as he waved his hand in my face breaking me from my flash back.
"Nigga I hear you! What the fuck you want?" I said.
"You still thinking about Jenae' bruh? Man you gotta move on. She told you it's over. You can't be stuck on her forever."
I just shook my head as I just slouched more into the couch in our apartment. Or should I say mines? Jenae' and I broke up 3 months ago. She got all her stuff and left me..
"Don't you think I know that?! Damn."
"Don't get mad at me. You was the dumb ass that fucked around and cheated on your girl. Shid if anything Jenae' should be mad and whooping your ass all over this place." He said getting up and going through my fridge.
I just shook my head and looked at the TV.
I know ... I know I fucked up. BIG time. I cheated on Jenae'.. With some hoe. I let her give me head.. Twice. But it didn't mean shit to me. But that don't make a difference do it? When Jenae' found out she didn't even blow up, she barely cried , she didn't even hit me.. She just packed up all her things and left without saying anything. It was the worst feeling ever to see her walk out that door. Because I knew she wasn't coming back this time.
Jenae's P.O.V.
"Ayo Nae, I'm bout to go jogging you wanna come? You ain't doing shit." Jayden said as he peeped his head in my door.
I looked up from my phone. "Nigga I enjoy not doing nothing! But gimme 5 minutes and I'll be out." I am currently living with Jayden and SHENIKA. Them two love birds, lol. But I have been for almost 4 months now ever since I broke up wih Dominic. That mufucka had the nerve to cheat on me. IN OUR HOME. I never EVER thought Dominic would cheat on me.. I didn't think he had the nerve.. I was hurt so mufuckin bad when I found out, I just packed up my shit and left. I didn't cry though.. Not until I was alone. But ya better believe when I catch that hoe slipping in the streets I'ma beat her ass, like its nothing, and have Shenika bail me out afterwards. But other than that I've been coping with my new single life.
I finished tieing my shoes and put my hair in a pony tail. After doing that I walked out into the lving room where Jayden was waiting.
"Bout time. Lets go."
We walked out the door and he locked the door. We walked to the side walk and started on our jog.
******
I stopped and put my hands on my knees taking deep breaths. "You good Nae'?" Jayden asked.