
"Yeah a bitch tired! I said still breathing hard.
"We only ran up the block Jenae'." He said looking at me like I was crazy.
"Well I'm tired nigga!"
He bust out laughing. "We can walk the rest of the way."
As were walking we stopped by this Cold Stone ice cream shop. Our greedy asses supposed to be jogging. "Hi Welcome to Cold Stone's." Said the girl at the register who was probably like 16.
"Hello." We said in unison.
After ordering our ice cream we sat down and just talked. I dropped my spoon on the table when I seen who came through the door.. It was Marcus..... And Dominic. What are they doing here.
They immediately saw me and Jayden and walked over.
"Whats up Nae Nae'?" Marcus said greeting me. I got up and gave him a hug. Even though I don't fuck with Dominic no more, Marcus and I became close he was like another big brother to me.
"Hey Marcuuuuussss. How you doing?"
"Still pulling bitches if that's  what you're asking me." He said wiggling his eyesbrows.
I laughed. "You just getting here and already on that childish shit. Gon somewhere na." I said playfully pushing him.
Jayden and Marcus guy hugged and then my eys met Dominic's.. I saw nothing but sorrow on his face. He looked so good. He had grown his beard out and his eyes were looking brighter. He wore a red polo shirt, dark blue jeans and some polo boots. May I add he's gotten more tattoos on his arms so he has a complete sleeve. Mm mm mmmm. But still fuck him!
"Jayden I'll be waiting on you outside." I said as I picked up my cup of ice cream grabbed another spoon and walked out the door.
I just leaned on the wall eating my ice cream with one headphone in as I listened to "What Is Love" when he walked out the door and stood near me but not too close.
"Do yall need a ride home?"
"We found a way here, we can find a way back."
"Jenae' it's been almost 4 months, you gotta talk to me.." He said.
I sized him up and down. "I am 22 fuckin years old I don't need to do a got damn thing but stay black and live life." After saying that I decided to walk home.
Before I could get far he grabbed me. "Baby just--"
I spun around and glared at him. He let me go and looked down at the ground. "Jenae' just give me two minutes."
"Nah, I've given you five years. You've had enough of my fuckin time." I said. I turned around and started back walking.
"JENAE' PLEASE."
I put both of my headphones in and turned the music all the way up. Tears were burning in my eyes the whole way home but I refused to cry.
When I got inside I took a shower and got in the bed. As soon as I laid down Jayden peeped his head in the door. "You alright in here sis?"
"Yeah come in."
He came in and hopped in the bed next to me. "Talk to me."
"Bruh that nigga is something else." I said shaking my head.
"I talked to him.. He said he's really sorry Nae and he wants you back."
I sucked my teeth. "Shid, should of thought about that before he had me fucked up."