
Chance's POV
"Thanks mom," I grumbled, and slammed the car door shut. I hated this. Mom giving me a ride. I wish Hope's mom could but today my mom was the one who brought me to play practice.
"We're talking more about your falling grades when you get home," my mom called, I turned around and flipped her off, still walking. She glared and muttered something I couldn't hear, rolled up the window, and sped off.
I rolled my eyes in disgust and opened the one of the front doors to the theater. Soldier Hall was part of an old army base but the town had money and gave purpose at least to half of Soldier Hall. The other was an aireal musuem.
I slowly strolled down the long hallway, marveling at the bright posters of previous shows. I was on a couple of them since they had pictures too, but I only was in seven of about seventy-five.
I opened the door to the main auditorium and waved to my friends. It was the first practice of this show, and this play was Alice in Wonderland.
I don't mean to brag, but I'm Alice. And this sixteen year old boy is the Mad Hatter, at least I could tell from the cast list. I've seen him around the high school but I don't know who he is. But the looks people give him say he's trouble.
And he was there, sitting in the back row, smirking at me. I don't know why, but it made my cheeks go red, his eyes were green, yet he seemed cold but from here his eyes looked very warm.
"That's Aiden Shawforth, he's a junior, you're a freshman, he's trouble, you're not, he's not worth getting to know," Hope whispered in my ear.
"Well we're going to be stuck with him," I hissed.
"Crushing on trouble already, taking the typical chance, that's you," Hope rolled her eyes.
"Why is he trouble anyways?" I asked.
"When he was at Boisen, the middle school here in town, he apparently set something on fire in the school," Hope's caramel eyes were wide.
"Arsonist, huh, that's better than the drug dealer I had a crush on at Flatville," I raised my eyebrows.
"Still, you're fourteen and he's sixteen, big no-no, plus we have a pretty good rep," Hope was now really trying. I knew she was trying to protect me from being hurt but Aiden was interesting.
Oh, I haven't properly described myself, I'm Chance Johnson, a fourteen year old nobody who goes to Urbana Township High School. I'm five foot two and a half inches and a little ball of sass. My longish dark brunette hair goes well with my tan skin, and I have really large bluish gray eyes. I have glasses but today I was wearing my contacts.
Hope, my best friend and Number One Bae, had dyed her hair red with pinkish red tips. She was five four and had almost the same amount of sass as I did. Her eyes were caramel colored brown and she just was prettier than I was.
"Now that we're all here, let's begin practice, I am your director Kathy Pearson, and now, let's start our read through of the script," a woman who looked mid 20 smiled.
HEY GUYS!!! I decided to try something a little new! This is only chapter one but I hope you guys liked it! Love you all! -Kenna :)

