
It all started when a group of friends decided to go to a club. Now, this was no ordinary group of friends. It could be argued, however, that this was no ordinary club either.
The group contained two Alphas, two Omegas, and one Beta. They, of course, went to a club that consisted of others like them.
Avi, the pack leader, decided on two hours in the club to ensure that nothing could go wrong from being out too long.
It was in his best interest to protect his pack, and lead them from disaster. Avi's second in command was the other Alpha in the pack, Scott.
Scott was allowed to make his own choices, for the benifit of the pack. But was to tell Avi immediately about anything he was unsure of. Scott took into his own hands the safety of the Omegas in the pack, for personal reasons.
Mitch was Scott's first concern, because as a male Omega, Mitch was very rare and therefore very persued by other Alphas. Scott and Mitch have a good connection, which proves to be very useful when Mitch is able to trust both Scott and Avi to protect him.
With Scott paying extra attention to the male Omega, Avi made sure to stay very concerned for Kirstie's safety. As a female Omega, she was less rare, but still very desirable and easily dominated by other Alphas.
Kevin was a Beta, and he didn't mind the attention the Alpha's gave to the Omega's. He just hoped he wasn't useless to his pack. Kevin did what he could to keep order within the group, without stepping out of line.
The pack entered the club, and soon dispersed. Avi kept an eye on each of them. Mainly Kirstie and Kevin becuase he trusted Scott to care for Mitch.
Avi still watched the two, but also still kept his faith in Scott.
Kirstie and Kevin had found the dance floor, and were dancing to an Ariana Grande song. Avi decided he needed to loosen up, and joined them.
Soon, Mitch came over to dance too, with Scott following close behind.
Avi smiled when he saw Scott so close to Mitch. He actually looked pretty intimidating, and Avi was proud to call him his second leader.
Avi checked his phone to see they had less than a half hour to continue this. Everything had gone well, and he was glad he made the choice to bring them here.
He glanced around at his pack again, Kirstie and Kevin were having so much fun. The smile on Kirstie's face actually brought a smile to Avi's, just by looking at it.
Avi saw Scott lean down so Mitch could whisper something in his ear. Scott held up one finger to tell him to wait, before he walked over to Avi.
"This is probably a stupid question, but do I have to walk him to the bathroom too? And, like, go in and stuff? It's not that I'm like slacking on my responcibilities, I'd do anything for him. I just don't want him to feel suffocated."
Avi thought a moment, and then looked back up at Scott. "Just wait outside the bathroom door and keep your ears open. Anything sounds strange, and you go in. He trusts you alot, Scott. You'll know if something is wrong."
Scott nodded, and walked away.
Avi turned back to watch the two dancing. He considered letting them all say a bit longer, but then shook his head at his silliness. If I don't stick to my own rules, how can I expect my pack to?
Avi approached them, and told them to get ready to leave. "As soon as Scott and Mitch come back, we are leaving. Understood?" They both silently nodded.
Scott watched Mitch go into the bathroom, and then leaned on the wall outside the door. He'll be fine, calm down.