
Scott listened for anything that would tell him Mitch wasn't okay. Nothing came.
He was just beginning to relax, when he smelled it.
Fear.
Was it Mitch? He didn't know. But he didn't wait around to find out.
Scott ran through the doors into the bathroom, to find Mitch cornered by a very confident Alpha. Scott hesitated for one short second, before he calmly walked up to the Alpha.
"Excuse me. I think you're scaring MY Omega."
The man turned and glared at Scott. "Your Omega? He isn't marked. You haven't claimed him yet, so I have as much a right as you."
Scott thought about that for a moment.
He's right. Guess it's improv time.
Scott stood a little taller, and set his jaw. He mustered up the strongest Alpha voice he could find. "Alright, well. Try taking him from me. I dare you."
The other Alpha took one more look at Mitch, before turning to Scott. "He isn't even worth it."
He walked out, making sure to slam into Scott's shoulder on his way. Scott held his ground though. He had more important things to worry about.
Scott instantly ran over to where Mitch was cowering in a corner. "Are you alright?"
Mitch nodded, before throwing himself into Scott's arms.
"Thank you, Alpha."
Scott was surprised by this, but held him nonetheless. "I'll always protect you, darling. Lets get you back to Avi, okay?"
Mitch nodded and let go. He had barely cracked the door open, before he turned around. "Scott.. I'm scared."
Scott smiled at him, and took Mitch's hand in his own. "You have nothing to be afriad of. Not while I'm around."
Mitch let himself be led out of the bathroom, and through the crowd toward where his pack was waiting by the door.
Avi looked at Scott expectantly. "Everything went well?"
Scott looked down at Mitch, before answering. "Yes. Are we all ready to leave?"
Avi nodded. "Let's go."
They all followed their strong leader out the door and to the car.
Scott was helping Mitch into the backseat, when Mitch looked at Scott. He quietly asked, "Do you promise?"
Scott tilted his head. "Promise what?"
"That I'm always safe around you."
"Yes, love. I promise."