
(The Next Day, After School)I get out of the car and walk into my house.
"Robin?" Sara yelled from the kitchen.
"Yea?" I replied.
"I need to talk to you." She said as I walked in.
"Okay..." I replied as I sat down in front of her.
"I hate to do this to you, but you're going to counseling at 4:30 today..." She informed me.
Counseling. Wait, What?!?
"Why??? There's nothing wrong with me!!" I yelled at her getting upset.
"I know, but I think you'll feel better if you talk to someone about your situation." She told me in a calm voice.
"Situation?!? My mom just died for Pete's sake and you think I need counseling???? Its not like I killed someone!!!" I yelled at her. Her eyes turned cold as she said.
"Go to your room." I was about to argue back, but she gave me a death look.I ran up to my room and slammed the door shut.
Like heck I'm going to stay in here. I need to get out.
I thought as I grabbed my phone and opened the window. Climbing out I shut it behind me as I got in a good position on the roof. Jumping towards the tree, I grabbed a branch just as I was about to fall. After I got a good grip on the branch I climbed down the tree.
Once on the ground I ran. If I had any other way to deal with my problems, I wouldn't run. Running is my best way to forget my problems. I run as fast as I can. My lungs burn and my legs are numb after over an hour of running.
My legs give out beneath me and I fall to the ground.
What am I going to do??
I think as darkness swept into my mind. The monster spoke yet again.
What's the point? Just give up, its easier that way. No one wants a depressed, broken girl in there life...
I couldn't take it, I screamed as loud as I can.
I just want to die..
Tears streaming down my face as I looked down at my hands.
My phone!
I thought and took it out of my pocket. I got on Wattpad and sent a message to Black_Raven192.
I can't take it much longer...
It will be alright,
How do you know???
I've been where you are before.
I don't want to live anymore.
I don't know why I am having a heart to heart with some stranger, but I feel a little better talking about it.
Hold on a little longer, I know you are stronger than you know...
I don't know what to think anymore.....
I know you can get over this, so please keep going.
I'll try..
Its nice to think that someone cares, even if it's a little bit.. I thought as I looked at the cloudy sky.
~Back At The House~
"What the heck!?!" Darrick asked me. You see, he caught me coming in my room through the window...