
A/N Summer Again by The Afters
I walked out to the black bug, waiting for mom. She finally came out and got in. Starting the car she turned to face me, her brown hair flying into her face as the cold air rushed in the open windows.
"Robin, I'm sorry but this is for the best.." She told me as we drove away from our house and through the winding neighborhood. I ran my fingers through my hair.
"Mum I don't think you get it. Your telling me that I can't see my best friend because you think that she's a bad influence on me?!?" I asked my mom. My hands balling into fists.She looked over at me before replying.
"Listen, I know she is a bad influence. When was the last time you got detention?" My mum asked me with a knowing tone.
"Yesterday..." I replied with a sigh, knowing where the conversation was heading.
"See? I told y-" Shattering glass and screeching of tires filled the air. A scream escaped my lips as the world began to spin, colors blurred.
After the car stopped moving I looked looked over at my dead mum, her eyes lifeless, her skin cold and pale, blood pouring out of her mouth. Her long brown hair lifelessly blowing around her face, as her words echoed in my mind.
"Mum! Not please! Your not dead!!! No please, your the only family I have left..." I screamed. My screams soon turned into sobs. Sirens could be heard, closer and closer they came to the car crash.
I wished my mom was alive or at lest I had died as well in the crash, because It's all my fault....
Gasping I sit up in my overheated bed. Sweat falling off my body as I threw the covers off me. Tears fell down my face as I remembered, it was all my fault!
All your fault! No wonder no one loves you, because they're all dead!Hahahahahaha.....The monster laughed at me once again reminded me of what I had done.I'd killed my own mother...My phone vibrated on my desk across from my bed. Wiping away my unless tears I got up and grabbed my phone.
Black_Raven192: Have you found out who I am yet?
No, I haven't. Any hints...?
Hahaha very funny! Nope your a smart girl, you'll figure it out.. ;)
Meanie....
Why are you up @ 2:46 in the morning?
Nightmares... you?
Netflix. It's addicting....
Really? What show?
Phych. Why are you having nightmares???
I love that show! Um.... Well,
Robin.... you better tell me.
Why do you even care?!?!!
I care about you because I love you.
You don't even know me!
I know that you're favorite color is blue, that you love to dance in the rain, you hate math, but you love art, you love to sing and your dad left you when you were only ten years old...
How...?
Simple. I know you Robin Lily Stone...
My eyes widened at reading my full name that this person some how knows.
But the question is who....Could it be someone who lives here...?Not likely considering the few friends I have. If would have to be someone who I knew before I moved....I grabbed a pen and my notebook.
People I knew before I moved. 1. My two best friends2. My old boyfriend 3. A small group of people I talked to. But the only people who would really know me would be my old boyfriend and my two best friends.So who is sending me letters...?
"Your life doesn't get better by chance, it gets better by change." ~Unknown