
Her breath fogged up the glass as she looked out the window at the graveyard. Her black hair covering her face from the world.
She stepped out of her blue jeep, taking a deep breath as she stood in the rain and walked over to the grave of her mother.
The people at the funeral told her how sorry they were, but they don't understand what it's like to lose your mother at the young age of 16.
She looked down at her mothers grave, tears fell down her pale face. She felt so empty on the inside. Her mother was killed in a car crash and somehow she survived. Out of all odds she lived, no one knew how,but they were grateful.
Who would she go to in times of need? If she needed advice, who would she turn to? If she fell apart who would help her pick up the pieces?
Her mother would always be there for her when she needed her. Now she has no one, Her father disappeared when she was only ten and she's an only child.
Her mother was never close to any of her brothers and the rest of her family was either dead or didn't care. She has few friends, but sadly she gets bullied at school.
She fell to her knees as the pain and empty feeling was too much of her to handle. She tightly held a red rose in her hand, it was one of the roses on her mothers coffin. The thorns pricking her hand drawing blood, but she couldn't feel the sting. Her blood stained the green grass beneath her.
Tears streamed down her face as she sobbed. Her once bright and sparkling green eyes turned into a dark and dull color. She didn't know how she could live without her mother.
Her mother's friends told her that it takes time to get over the death of a loved one.
How can it when she feels so broken?
She sobbed uncontrollably until she had no more tears to shed. The graveyard was eerily silent without her sobbing. As she looked around she noticed she was alone. She placed the bloody rose on her mothers grave.
Wiping away her tears she stood up and walked back to her car. As she drove off she wondered if she'll ever feel happy again...
"I am never alone because loneliness is always with me..." ~Unknown