
I walked into math to find that my seat in was taken.Lovely. I thought as in walked in, looking around the only seat left was next to Luke.
He was one of the popular kids, he wasn't rich or anything just a pro at sports. I've heard that he wasn't a total jerk.
"Hello." He greeted me as I sat down.
"Hi." I mumbled back.
Taking out last night's homework I check to make sure I have all the answers. My phone suddenly vibrated, glancing down I see Katie texted me.
KitKat's The Best: Hunter isn't in biology, have u seen him @ all?
Me: Yea he's at school today. I saw him just before I have math.
KitKat's The Best: Weird, well I'll text him and c where he is.
Me: U have a project for school?
KitKat's The Best: ....Um, Sure...?
Me: Katie....
KitKat's The Best: G2G Bye!
I sighed and looked up to see if anyone caught me texting, nope. Luke looked over at me with one blonde eyebrow raised.
"What?" I mouthed to him.
"Who ya textin?" He mouthed back. I shook my head....
~At Lunch~
"So, you have a boyfriend?" Katie asked me as we ate our lunches. I gave her a Are-You-Serious? Look.
"No, why?" I questioned.
"Well I heard that someone * cough* cough* talked to Luke..." She said in a sing-song voice as I rolled my eyes at her. My eyes widened at remembering her weird text messages.
"Why were you looking for Hunter?" I asked her. Her eyes went wide.
"Um, no reason..." She mumbled. I have her my I-don't-believe-you look.
"Ok, whatever you say....." I said to her just as Hunter sits at our table. Speak of the devil... I think as I roll my eyes at them as they start talking.
"Ok love birds, I'll see you later." I told them as I stood up from the table.
They didn't even acknowledge that I'd left.
Wow, great friends I have.
I thought as I walked to my next class.
My two best friends that I'd left behind in Utah, always stuck by my side. Through thick and thin, I miss them so much...
Before I knew it the day was over and I was at home.
"Robin, there's a letter for you." Sara informed me as I walked into the family room. The TV across from the dark brown couches, a coffee tables in-between.
"Here." Sara gave me the letter, it had the same handwriting as the first one, but this time it was sent in the mail.
Robin I only hope you will remember the great times we had. The games we played in the summer. You may not remember what I look like, but I know you better than anyone. You don't realize how much I love you. Just think hard and you'll know who I am....~Black_Raven192
I scrunch up my nose in confusion. Who could I have forgotten? I've moved a lot in my life, it could be any one...
"Life is nothing without love, but nothing is simpler." ~Unknown