
I walked down the locker filled halls to my last class of the day, when suddenly I got shoved into the lockers. I yelped out in pain as I fell to the floor. I'm probably gonna have a bruise now. You deserve it... The monster inside spit out at me.
"Watch it, freak!" A high pitched voice yells at me. I look up to see a girl with blonde hair and green eyes glaring at me like I'm just killed her boyfriend. She looked rich with all her gold jewelry and designer clothes.
"Sorry, miss prefect.." I sarcastically mutter under my breath. She must have heard because her eyes go wide. My face stung as she slapped me, hard, then said.
"You litt-"
"Hey! What are you doing??" She got interrupted by a deep voice.
"Awww. Look emo prince himself came to save his princess..." She said to him as he walked over. His dark brown hair hung in his hunter green eyes, he was 6'4. He had on jeans, a black t-shirt and converses. As his eyes connected with mine I shivered.
He held out his hand for me to take. I put my hand in his slightly larger one as he pulled me up. The girl was giving us a death glare. She then huffed and was about to walk off then the intercom came on.
"Miss. Stone, Davis and Mr. Thompson. Come down to the office."
~In The Office~
The principal has black-graying hair, his kind brown eyes looked over at me as he leaned forward on his desk. He looked old enough to be someone's father.
"Robin, your new?" He asked me. I nodded my head, yes. He looked over at the other girl before continuing.
"Miss Davis that is not acceptable to slap another student. Violence is not tolerated here. I'm giving you a week of detention." He told the nameless girl. She was nameless to me at least....
"What?!!?! She attacked me!!! She's to blame!!!!" She yelled at the principal as she stood up. He shook his head at her.
"Mr. Thompson, is that true?" He asked the boy saved me from the evil girl.
"No, Amanda hit Robin just because she bumped into her." He told the principal.
"You two may go, I have to talk to Amanda and her parents." He told us while turning to Amanda. We left and walked down the hallway in silence. He turned to me.
"Are you okay? Does it hurt??" He asks me concerned, his hand cupping my cheek. I blushed at how close he was. I really thought about his question.'Are you okay?' No not even close, I'm broken, lost, hurting, confused, depressed and I want to die... They don't understand how I feel....
I think as my eyes tear up, I bite my lip to keep from crying. I tilt my head down so my hair is covering my face.
"I-I'm fine." I replied quietly was I walk off.
"Robin! Wait up!!" He yelled after me as I started to run, I ran away from him, my problems and my feelings. My vision blurred as I ran out of the school, past the parking lot and into the forest that surrounds the school.
No one would care if you died, you're just a waste of space. You are an unloved brat who everyone hates. The monster told me.It's right. I realized as I fell to the forest floor.
My body covered in sweat and dirt was sore from running for so long. I lay there thinking about what I should do.
Should I go back to my aunt's house or should I stay here waiting for death?
"Strangers passing on the street, by chance separate glances meet, and I am you what I see is me, and i do take you by the hand, and lead you through out the land, and help me understand the best I can." ~Pink Floyd