
"Robin, get your butt out of bed and get ready for school!!!" My cousin Derrick yelled at me from downstairs.
We had gotten here late last night, Sara informed me that I would be starting school in the morning. So here I am getting ready for school.
Throwing my covers from my body I run into the bathroom I took a quick shower. Next I picked out my outfit, jeans, white T-shirt and my converse. After getting dressed I quickly do my hair and makeup, then I pick up my backpack.
You're so ugly, worthless, no one would want you if you were the last girl on earth!!! The monster inside me spoke up once again.
"Robin!!!" My aunt Sara yelled, snapping me out of my thoughts I ran down the stairs. I ran into the kitchen and grabbed a apple, I put it in my backpack.
"I'm ready!" I yelled as I ran to the front door. Derrick was waiting for me in his car, I got in and buckled up.
"We're going to be late because of you, next time if you don't get up I'll dump ice cold water on you!" He threatened me while pointing his finger at me. I roll my eyes at him.
"Whatever..." I muttered. in response. As we drove I took time to get a good look at him. His brown hair and chocolate colored eyes looked good on him. He has a slightly crooked nose, probably broke it a few times, he had a black shirt on with jeans and vans.
"Take a picture it last longer." He told me as he looked over at me. I just stuck my tongue out at him. Childish I know...
He pulled into the parking lot. Yay!!! I just love school!!!! We got out of the car and walk inside. I noticed that the walls are a gray color, What are the school colors? I wondered as I walked around the school trying to find the office.
Derrick had pointed me in this direction before going to his class. Thanks for all of the help! I think as I walk into the office.
"Um, hi. I'm new..." I told the lady sitting behind the desk. She looked mean with her small glasses preach on the edge of her nose. She has squinty eyes her mouth was drawn in a thin line. She looked like the kind of adult that would take every chance to get you in trouble.
"What is your name?" She asked me in an hard voice.
"Robin Stone." I replied. She typed on her computer for a bit before handing me my schedule.
"Thanks." I told her as I walked out. Looking down I saw my first class was math. Room 201, Ms. White. I walked down the halls looking for 201. 194, 196, 198, 201... Found it!!
As I opened the door and walked in, all eyes were on me.
"I'm new..." I told the teacher.
"Well since you are late just sit in the back." She informed me before going back to her lesson.I walked to back and sat down....
~Lunch Time~
I walked into the cafeteria, looking for a place to sit among the crowded tables. Derrick spots me and waves me over, I walk over and sit next to him.
"How is your first day so far?" He asks me.
"It was okay..." I replied while shrugging my shoulders. A girl with blonde hair and kind baby blue eyes and a button nose sat next to Derrick. She looked over at me a smile forming on her lips.
"Hello, I'm Katie." She informed me.
"I'm Robin." I told her before giving her a brief smile. Next thing I know she's talking her mouth off. I never knew someone could talk so much... She even got a laugh out of me, my first since my mother... I might just have a new friend.I think while taking a bite out of my apple...
"True friends are like diamonds, Bright*Beautiful*Valuable And always in style." ~Unknown