
The crimson blood ran down my arm. I don't feel any pain, I slid the blade across my arm again and again. Soon there's too many cuts and I'm laying in a puddle of blood. Pounding on the locked door, Sara yells at me.
"Robin, open the door!"Not finding the strength to get up, I lay unmoving on the blood soaked ground. My vision blurred as the door bangs open, my world fades into darkness.
Beep!
Beep!
Beep!I peek open my eyes, my vision is blurred and my ears are ringing. A groan escapes my parched lips as I move my arm only for it to sting.
"She's waking up!" A voice whisper-yells. Sweat covered my hair, back and neck. I groan as I attempt to sit up only fort head to spin.
A cup of something cold is pressed against my parched lips, I open them as water slides down my throat. After I look up at the doctor, he writes things down on a clipboard.
"How do you feel, Miss Stone?" He asked me, his eyes studying me.
"I feel a little dizzy and my arm hurts." I replied not realizing what happened.
"Okay. The dizziness should wear off soon, is there anything you would like to tell me?" He asked. I shook my head.
"I see... I'll notify your aunt that your awake." He told me as he shut the door. I looked at the white room. White bed, floors, walls and everything else.
Lovely, I just love the color white! I thought as the door opened. My aunt walked into my room.
"Why?" Was all she asked me as she sat down in one of the uncomfortable chairs. I looked down at my hands, my black hair in my face.
"I- I just," I started, before a lump formed in my throat.
You just what? Want to be dead or did you want a way out? You should have known no one can help you. You are a failure! The monster lashed out at me.
"I've had a hard time.... I lost my mom, friends, boyfriend, life and happiness. I've gotten depressed, beaten up by my class mates, failed in my classes at school...." I whisper as tears fall down my pale face. I stare out the window as she bites her lip.
"The doctor said that you can come home, I just have to sign papers. You are getting depression pills." She told me before getting up and walking to the door. I sigh as my thoughts turn to imagining my own death...
I held the red bottle of small, green pills in my hand. Reading the information on the side it said: Take one daily until two weeks, then take two per day.
Sara's words lingered in my mind as tears had ran down her face.
Take them, they'll help you get better. You never know until you try.. Please, I'm begging you not to cut again....
I held one of the pills in my hand before I placed it in my open mouth, grabbed a cup of water I swallowed the pill.
"Life always offers a second chance, it's called tomorrow." ~Unknown