
A/N this book is close to being done! Only few more chapters left! Thank you for reading/comment/voting!!! I also want to know who you think the sender of the letters is...
Counseling has been better now then it was when I started. I feel like I can tell her just about anything, Misty is her name.
~Flash Back~"You believe that it's your fault that your mother is dead?" Misty asked as she looked me in the eyes.
"Yes, because I was making my mother drive me to the store. If I hadn't she wouldn't be dead...." I replied as a tear slipped down my face as the memory came back to me.
"Robin, your mother would have died one day. Regardless of the situation. It never was or is your fault. People die, children are born, it is the life cycle. You can and need to get over this."
"Okay, I'll try."
Hearing her tell me this I felt as if a weight was lifted off my shoulders. Once I tell her my worries it's like they vanished as if they never existed. I thought as I took a deep breath.
"Have you been taking the pills?"
"Yes." ~Flash Back Ended~
"Hey, did you remember about the test we have today?" Katie asked as she panicked looking through her backpack for her notes.
"Yea, I'm gonna take a wild guess and say that you forgot.." I replied with a laugh.
She punched me in the arm and gave me a dirty look as if it was my fault she forgot.
"Wow, what's with all the violence??" Thomas asked as he sat down next to me.
"Someone *cough* *cough* forgot about the history test today." I answered him as he gave me a knowing look.
"Can I talk to you after this class?" Thomas asked me.
"Yea..."
After a long hour of taking a history test, (Katie trying to cheat and Thomas throwing paper balls at me.) the bell finally rang as we all got our things together Thomas waited for me as Katie rushed to get food.
"Are you ready?" He asked me.
"Yep."
"Let's walk this way..." ~
"You hate when people see you cry because you want to be the strong person. At the same time, though you hate how nobody notices how broken and torn apart you are." ~lonely_march