
~The Next Day At School~
"Hey, are you okay?" Hunter asked me for the hundredth time today. Hunter is the boy I went to the principals with. I looked over at him with a straight face and replied with,
"I'm fine." He gave me a skeptical look and replied.
"Really? Cuz that bruise on your cheek says otherwise....."
I reached up and lightly touched the forming bruise, then I let out a hiss of pain.
"I'm fine. It's nothing to be worried about." I told him.
"Raven, what happened??"
"I-"
"She's just trying to get attention." Amanda interrupted me as she walked up to our desks. Hunter looked up at her and replied.
"I'm sure that's what happened...."
"She doesn't deserve to live, she should just go kill herself." Amanda said looking right at me. I couldn't take it, I ran out of class with Hunter behind me yelling my name.
"Raven! Wait!" Running into a empty bathroom I sat down with my face in my hands and i cried.
"Oh raven.." Hunter said as he came in seeing me on the floor. He sat down and wrapped his arms around me.
"She's wrong, you know. Everyone deserves to live." He told me as I cried.
Should I tell him?
No, he won't understand.
Why does Amanda hate me so much??
What did I ever do to her?!?
"Raven..." Hunter said while putting his pointer finger under my chin, so I am looking at him.
"Please tell me, I just want to help you.." He quietly said to me.
I searched his face for any lies, but found none. I took a deep breath before I started.
"I-" My voice failed me as it barely came out.
"What is wrong?" Hunter asked me, concern on his face. Ring! Ring! Ring!
Great now history is over!
"Can you save me from myself...?" I asked him quietly, before standing up.I walked over to the mirror and looked at my face, a little red, but fine.
I looked over at hunter still on the ground. He was silent.
"That's what I thought." I replied before walking out.
I knew he couldn't help me. No one can... Why did I even try in the first place??? My life is a mess; I'm depressed, lonely, bullied, unhappy, grieving and misunderstood. No one cares enough to find out what I really feel...Except, Black_Raven192. I wish I knew him... He must be some kind of therapy stalker or something... I thought as I walk to my next class....
"Sometimes it's better to keep silent then to tell others how you feel because it hurts badly when you know in your heart they can bear your words, but they cannot understand them." ~Unknown