
"Shoot! Robin, hold on you'll be okay!!!" I hear a familiar deep voice tell me. Hands wrap around my body lifting me up into there muscular arms as he started running.
~Three Hours Later~
I opened my eyes to see white walls, tile, bed, chairs and lights, the kind that hurt your eyes, like the kind at the hospita-
Oh gosh. Why am I at the hospital?!?!? I tried to sit up only to sit back down in pain.
"Ow..." I cried out, my tongue felt huge in my dry mouth. The door opened to a nurse, her mouth wide open in shock to see me awake. She ran back out before I could mutter a word.
What the heck happened?? That's when it hit me. I ran from school then fainting, someone found me in the woods. He knows me.... Who saved me...?? I wonder as a doctor comes in and poked me, looking over everything. My aunt came in, her lips drawn into a thin line as her eyes took in everything.
"How are you?? What happened??? Tell me everything missy, you're grounded for going missing for over an hour then finding you in here nearly dead...?!? What where you thinking????" She yelled at me worried like no other and mad at the same time.
"How did I get here?" I calmly ask her.
"We looked everywhere for you. We eventually came here, only to find out that someone brought you here." She quietly informed me.
"Do you know who brought you here?" She asked me. I shook my head, no.
"I'm sorry I just panicked so I ran.." I told her quietly as she headed to the door.
"Well I'm going to talk to the doctor to see if your good to go." She informed me before shutting the door. It was so quiet in here without anyone talking. My stomach growled at me, what to eat...? I looked around the room and saw a tray of food next to the bed I'm on. I grabbed it and started to eat. Hospital food is not the best in the world... I went to grab the water when I noticed a letter on the tray.
My curiosity got the better of me and I picked it up. There was a name written in big hand writing.
Robin My eyes widen, my name is on there... I open it and read.
You scared me there, when I found you in the woods nearly dead. I didn't understand why you would want to be out there, alone. Now I do.I'm sick of pretending to be okay, the fake smiles, forced laughter...It's insane how no one knows when you're falling apart, Don't you think so?Just hold on a little longer, that's all I ask of you. Please, people care about you...So please keep going even if it seems pointless. Do for your family, you, maybe even.....me. You'll be okay, ~ Black_Raven192
That looks like a username that follows me on Wattpad.....
"People are not like mirrors, they see you completely different than the way you see yourself." ~Unknown