
Clink!
Clink!
Clink!
I open my eyes and sit up. In the dim room I can see the moon shining through the window.
Clink!
I hear the noise that woke me up again. Throwing off my covers and getting out of the bed I walk over to the window.
Through the dark night I see a person out side the window looking up at me. A shiver runs through my body as thoughts drift into my head.
Who could it be?? Is it some crazy stalker who wants to kill me in my sleep??? Wait, if he was going to kill me in my sleep, why would he wake me up...?
Clink!
I open my window as I put my head out I realize who it is. The only friend, who would wake me up in the middle of the night by throwing rocks at my window is Thomas. One of my few friends I left behind and never looked back is now at my window.
"Robin, open up!" He whisper-yells from the ground. I watched as he climbed up the tree next to my window. He jumped from the tree to the open window. After he shut the window I let out a breath I never knew I was holding in.
He turns to me and a smile lights up his face. As his arms wrapped around my body I rest my head on his shoulder.
"Thomas." I breathe out as tears start to fall down my face.
"Shhhh... It's okay, I'm here. I finally found you...." He whispers to me as he rubs my back. He leads me to my bed, after we sit down he holds me tight as I cry. I cry for missing him, I cry for being broken, I cry for my dead mom. I miss her so much! I think as my eyes drift shut.
~~
"ROBIN, WHO IS HE?!!?!!! WHY IS HE IN OUR HOUSE, IN YOUR BED?!!?!?!!" A voice yells as I wake up with a start. I tried to get out of bed when I realized that Tomas has his arm around my waist. I blush as I shake his sleeping form.
"Thomas, wake up." I said into his ear. As he opens his eyes and rolls over, a yawn escapes his mouth.
"What? Robin, let me sleep for like five more hours..." He mumbled as I look over to see Derrick standing in my doorway.
"ROBIN! I'M NOT GOING TO ASK YOU AGAIN, WH-" He yelled as Tomas sat up his brown hair sticking up in all directions.
"I'm Thomas, Robin's boyfriend." He told me I stared at him in disbelief. My mouth hung open, as he winked at me I quickly closed it.
"Derrick! Get down here right now!" My aunt tells from somewhere in the house. As Derrick disappeared down the stairs, Tomas looks at me.
"I gotta go." He whispers as he kisses my forehead. I blush as he smiles he slips out the window.
"I'm in trouble now..." I whisper to no one as I get out if bed and get ready for a long day.
"I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream." ~Vincent Van Gogh