
I looked into the bathroom mirror. Dull green eyes stared back at me as I examined my face. Dark circles under my eyes from the lack of sleep, my skin is a yellowish color.
I haven't eaten in since my mothers funeral, that was a week ago. My phone vibrates, looking down I see my aunt Sara has texted me.
Sara: I'll be there in an hour 2 pick u up.
Me: Ok I'll c u then.
My aunt, Sara, is forcing my to move to California with her. We had a fight over the phone about moving. There was a lot of yelling involved, she told me she was trying her best to make up for the sixteen years I never saw her. I'm trying my best to accept that she wants to have some type of a relationship with me.
I took a shower, washing my black hair with shampoo and conditioner then washing my body before getting out. Walking into my messy, blue room I opened my closet and picked out my clothes; ripped black jeans, red converse with a red Aeropostale sweat shirt. Next I walked back into my bathroom and put on mascara and did my hair up in a messy bun.
I walked into my bedroom, taking out my suitcase I started to pack. Clothes, check! Make up, check! Shoes, hair stuff and every thing else? Check, check and check!
I grab my phone off my unmade bed, my charger and my notebook then I put it in one of my smaller bags. I looked at the time only to see it's 2:34 P.M.
Knock!
Knock!
Knock!
Walking out of my room, I walk over to the front door with my suitcase in hand. Opening it, I see my aunt Sara.
Sara has straight blonde hair and bright blue eyes, today she wore a white dress with a jean jacket and a pair of Toms. She looked at me with a frown on her face.
"When was the last time you ate?" She asks as I shut the door to my home, never to return. There are so many momories here that will be hard to start over..... I think as we walk to her car.
I shrug in response and put my bags into the car. As I got in I put my seatbelt on, started the car Sara turn to face me.
"Kiddo, I know it's hard on you. It is for all of us... Just be happy that you are getting the chance to starting over." She told me as we started our long drive to California....
"In the end, We only regret the chances we didn't take." ~Unknown