
"Well, um.... you see-"
"We have to get to class! Don't want to be late!" Derrick interrupts Hunter as they sprint down the hallway. Glancing behind me I saw one of the teachers walking down the hallway, I turned and start running as fast as I can I run into Art.
"Miss Stone, care to explain why you are 15 minutes late?" Miss. Arthur asks as the door closes with a bang. All eyes are drawn to me as the teacher awaits my answer.
"A- well you see, I got lost...?" I replied as the teacher raised an eyebrow at me, the class snickers at my lame excuse.
"Well then detention for you, after school, you better be here." I groan as I make my way to my seat.
"Nice one Red." Luke said with a laugh as I sat down next to him.
Yes, we are now friends... sometimes I can't believe it myself. I laugh at the thought.
"Has he told you yet?" Luke asked me when the teacher is at her desk reading.
"Who are you talking about?" I asked him as I picked up my paint brush.
"Hunter."
A gave him a questionable look as I started on my painting.
"What is he planning on telling me?"
"Um, he hasn't told you yet??"
"Nope."
"Oh shi-"
"Don't swear!"
"Okay, okay. Sorry miss 'I don't swear'..."
"That wasn't nice Luke!"
"Whatever you say..."
"So, what were you going to tell me?"
"I- never mind forget it."
I gave him my best death glare. He pretended not to notice, that I was indeed glaring at him, the whole class time.
Ring, ring ring!
Everyone gathered there things as they rushed out of the room, Luke was too slow and I caught up to him.
"Are you gonna tell me? Please!!!! I won't tell..." I replied with my fingers crossed behind me back. Luke ran his fingers through his blonde hair before looking over at me. His blue eyes staring off into space.
"Look, it's not my place to tell you. Hunter is going to tell yo-"
"Hey, what are you guys talking about?" Hunter asked as he walks beside us. Luke gave me a just-ask-him look as he walked off.
"So..." Hunter said as he watched Luke disappear into the crowed of teenagers.
"Luke said you had something you wanted to tell me..."
"Oh yea.. um, come here..." Hunter replied as he walk out of the back entrance of the school. Once out in the middle of the empty football field he turned to look at me.
"How do I say this...? Um, so I'm gay.... and I like Derrick." He told me as my eyes widened. I was not expecting that.... Wow okay so one of my best friends is gay...
"Robin...?"
"Oh, okay. That's cool I guess.. Have you told Derrick that you like him yet??" I asked him as he let out a breath of relief.
"I thought you wouldn't want to be friends after I told you... He knows I'm gay, just not that I like him.."
"Don't worry about those that talk behind you back, there behind you for a reason." ~Unknown