
She was nervous. Her hands clammy and sweaty. This wasn't just any day, it was the first day of middle school. Sophie Hayes shuffled down the sidewalk next to her friend Natalie,( she called her Nat), who looked even more nervous than she did. "So Sophie",Nat said, "I wonder what the Galvin Middle School,(The GMS), will be like?" " I dunno," Sophie replied , " But I got a good feeling about it!"They stand at the bus stop feeling like we're  in first grade again compared to the 7th and 8th graders. The large banana colored bus rolls up with a huge roar then the clatter of metal. As soon as the skinny glass doors open, they hear the voice of our least favorite bus driver ever... Mrs.Linda. She smiled at us with her yellow and grey teeth and said,"Come on, get on the bus. We don't have all year!!!" Sophie plopped herself down next to a window seat with Nat sitting next to her. "Ugh!", exclaimed Nat,"I can't believe we have her AGAIN this year!!!" "I know right!!!",Sophie answered back. It was pretty much a normal bus ride,nothing crazy happened.Angsty and pressure filled the air. No one dared to speak. Until suddenly Nat spoke," I wonder what people we will become friends with this year.""Wouldn't it be awesome if we had our own group or...um...squad filled with nerdy geek-like people like us!"Sophie replied . "Yes! That would be soo cool!!!", she answered . "But what if.....", Nat was cut off by the sudden lurch of the bus stoping because we have arrived to the GMS. "Well", Sophie says taking a huge breath, "Here we go."
•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•She stumbled off the bus with Nat close behind. "I'm soo nervous!",exclaimed Nat with a shaky voice."You're telling me!", Sophie replied back with a nervous smile. We stride towards the rusty door. Nat hesitates to open the door but, quickly pulls it open. As we open the door we are greeted by my friend Mia. She smiled and hugged us both. "Oh My GOSH it's so awesome to see you guys again!!!", she exclaims. " Yeah!", I reply." I can't wait to se- "I'm cut off by the sound of the bell ringing. " Well I guess I'll see you guys at lunch!, She says. "Later" Then we all go our separate ways.