
"Ugly", "Loser", "Fat". If you got called these everyday of your life you wouldn't have the most confidence would you? I mean everyone, including your family. Mostly from your model-thin sister. Occasionally from your mom when she remembers that she has more than one kid. And everyone else just loves hurting you with words. That's my life. So don't blame me for my lack of confidence.
I guess I was always big, but  it didn't used to matter. While my mom favored my sister Evie, my dad treated me like a princess. I was always a daddy's girl. So it hurt really me when he died. And since my mom was busy with Evie, I got my comfort from junk food.
Anyway  my life was it's usual miserable self when my mom told us we were moving.
"What do you mean we're moving?!?!" Evie screeched so loudly I'm surprised she didn't break my eardrum. I said nothing just kept eating my dinner and listened to my mother's response.
"Honey," She said gently in a tone never used on me."I know you'll miss all your friends-""Of course I'll miss my friends!" Evie yelled, " I'm not like Lexus, I have a life outside of stuffing my face."
I didn't even flinch. She's said way worse. And Mom didn't even react to it.
"Sweetie, " She said "You can still talk to your friends. And I'm sure you'll make new ones. I'm sorry but we're moving."
Evie just glared at me, as if it was my fault. Then she stormed out of the room with her usual drama. I looked at my mom who looked exhausted from that whole conversation. But she saw me looking, she got mad.
"What are you looking at?"
I didn't say anything. I just went over to the sink to wash the dishes. But that didn't please her."You know you're too quiet. " she snapped, "You should spend more time using your mouth to talk then stuffing it full of junk."I stayed silent. "Do you hear me?"I turned to her and said, "Yes I hear you mom. Okay!"That was mistake. She grabbed me by the arm and yanked me toward her. Then she smacked me. Hard."I don't need that tone from you! Go to your room." She yelled.I did so holding my burning cheek. I could hear Evie complaining to one of her friends through the wall.      I wasn't really upset. I mean I was attached to the house I grew up in, but I had no friends. This town was small so everyone new me as the Fat Loser. A new town meant a new start. Though I knew not to be too hopeful.
What were the odds of something good happening?