
COPYRIGHT STATEMENT:
Proposal Week... © 2015
By WonderingxSmile
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronically or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system without express written permission by author/publisher.
PLEASE DO NOT COPY IT.
The image for the cover is NOT mine. All credit to the photographer.
~
Hello fellow people of the human race. This book was a spur of the moment book inspired by the well known Baby Project books on this here Wattpad. Of course, this will be seven chapters long with a prologue and an epilogue. Here are the rules:
1) Comments need to be kept clean. I do not accept profanity in my comments. If found, they will be deleted at once. I accept feedback. You can comment your hate and criticism toward my book. I will take it with a grain of salt or take it into consideration, depending on what you say.
2) Do not copy my book and put it anywhere else on the internet. If found any other place than I put it (Which is just Wattpad.), report it to me.
3) Don't give me reading requests. I may read them on my other account, but not on this one. I don't like to be spammed.
4) I do dedicate and send out birthday messages. :)
5) I accept banners and covers. ;)
And the summary:
During Proposal Week, all seniors at Tristan University are fake proposed to, from boy to girl.
Each boy is given a piece of paper with a fellow senior girl's name on it. In one week, the boy has to come up with the next to most sincere proposal that they can conjure up in a week. Then, they perform the proposal and video it for proof.
The girl doesn't know who the boy is until they are proposed to. This does propose drama, when one girl may have been proposed to twice, leaving a girl with no proposal.
After that, the girl has to wear the ring for at least a week. That's if the relationship between the guy and the girl are more than just partners for a project.
Let's just say, Proposal Week just got hectic with everything and more Ryla has to do.
Enjoy!
MP