
CONNOR'S POV
"You ready, Connor? You remembered to take your meds, right?" Troye asks me, always concerned about me instead of himself.
Yeah, I know, it's weird that my boyfriend is crazy famous, and I have really bad social anxiety, but we love each other, and we make it work.
"Are you ready? I mean you're nominated for a freaking Grammy."
"This isn't the first time I've been nominated for an award, Connor," he's right of course, he has two VMA awards, a KCA, and a TCA already.
"This is your first Grammy nomination, though. Oh come on, you aren't like, scared or anything?"
"I'm way too-"
He stops. I know what he was going to say. "I'm way too worried about you to be scared," I'm just a burden to him, I'm a burden to everyone.
"Hey, I know what you're thinking. Don't think like that. I love you. Okay? Now come on, you little nugget we have to walk the red carpet. Tyler should be waiting for us somewhere."
Tyler is Troye's actor friend. They met a couple years ago, when Troye had to write a song for the first movie Tyler starred in. If I'm being 100% honest, I don't really like Tyler, he intimidates me, but Troye can have friends, I'm not a crazy controlling boyfriend.
As we exit the limo, I see Tyler standing there.
"Tilly!" Troye screams, and hugs Tyler.
Tilly was the name of the character Tyler was playing in the movie where they met. Tyler always stayed in character and demanded everyone call him Tilly on set, so Troye thought it was his real name.
"Connor! You look great!" Tyler yells as he looks me up and down.
Oh god. He hates my outfit. I hate my outfit. It's so ugly I should've worn something different. Idiot. Idiot. Idiot.
I look to the carpet and see people laughing amongst themselves. They're laughing at my outfit aren't they? I look so terrible that Katy Perry is laughing at me. Fuck, fuck, fuck.
"Connor?" I hear Troye say, but it all seems far away, Troye's probably laughing too, and Tyler.
Everyone hates me. Everyone hates me. Everyone hates me.
"Oh god, Connor!" Troye says, and suddenly, I can't breathe, and I'm falling.
~
I wake and all I see is white. White lights, white walls, white everything.
"What happened?" I ask, in a daze.
Troye's face appears over me, "HE'S AWAKE," he yells, tears in his eyes.
"Troye, what-"
Zoe, Alfie, Caspar, and Joe's heads appear over me. A bunch of, 'Oh my god's and 'You had us worried sick's and 'Are you okay's.
Nothing I haven't heard before.
"Wait, what happened?"
"Well, you fainted," Troye breathes out.
"On the red carpet? That's so embarrassing, oh my god, why am I so dumb?"
"Connor it wasn't a big deal, we we're really on the red carpet," Troye explains.
"Yeah, you never even made it that far," Caspar interjects.
"CASPAR!" Everyone yells.