
After I finished unpacking I asked Zayn to show me Brianna's room so I could start to unpack for her. After unpacking for Brianna I went downstairs to get something to eat cause I was starving. I decided that Amanda was right and I should eat like how I used to. Plate after plate. I opened the cabinets and saw nutella so... I made a nutella bread. I ate the bread then decided to eat all the nutella. I'm chocolate freak. So what. Niall came in while I was licking my finger. I looked at him innocently and he walked out. Idiot. He walked back in and looked at me again. "What are you doing?" I gave him a look. Like what does it look like I'm doing. I'm eating chocolate idiot. "Sorry." He obviously knew what I was thinking. "So are you allergic to anything?" I looked at him confused. Shouldn't he have gotten a file with my information. "We usually don't look at those stuff?" Usually? "OH we didn't adopt people before we just don't like to read files." I nodded my head slowly while getting another scoop of nutella. "So are you?" I shook my head no. "Are you a chocolate freak?" I smiled and nodded. "How old are you?" I put up the number 1 and 6. "16?" I nodded then pointed to him. "I'm 19." I nodded. "Would you kill someone if they forcibly took chocolate from you?" I nodded with a dead serious look and took another scoop. "Alright. That's all the questions I can think of. Do you have any questions?" I shook my head no. I had no questions at the moment. "Okay. If you ever have a question though don't be afraid to ask ok?" I nodded. He was about to walk out when he stopped and looked at me. "Are you ticklish?" I starred at him while sucking on my finger. "I'll take that as a yes." I rolled my eyes. Bastard. I grabbed the nutella and walked out into the living room. "LISA!" I looked at Louis who was at the top of the stairs. "COME ON!!!! I GOTTA GIVE YOU A TOUR!!!!" I covered my ears. "Sorry." I nodded "well you seen the kitchen, the living room, your bedroom, Brianna's bedroom so there isn't much left. C'mon." I got off the couch I just got on and followed him. He took me up a flight of stairs that I didn't notice. "Up here is the game room." He said after we arrived up the steps. He then took me back downstairs and turned to the first room we saw after coming back down. "This is my room." He opening the door. "I'm to lazy so I'm just gonna actually show you Harry's since its on the way back to the living room. Right there is Niall's bedroom." He says pointing to the door next to my bedroom. "Liam." He pointed to the door next to Niall's. "Zayn." He said pointing to the door next to Liam's. "Last but not least, Harry." Louis said opening his door when we were close. I looked inside then looked right back out. "Well. This must be awkward for you." Louis said. Harry was playing video games.... naked. "You might wanna get used to it. He usually walks around the house naked." I shook my head and walked back downstairs in the living room. That's disgusting.A/N: Hey!!! I decided to wait a few hours before updating again. Just because I care. Haha I need help. Anyways. SEE YOU IN A FEW HOURS!!!