
Prologue
"Doesn't look like the storm is going away anytime soon."
"I hope so. It's pretty gloomy outside."
Ashton and Luke stood in the living room looking out the window. The storm has been going on since they woke up, and is not giving any sign that it is letting up. They turn on the TV and get on Netflix to watch some 'Walking Dead'. Luke laid down on the couch and Ashton snuggled into his chest. Not even three minutes into the show, the power was cut off, leaving them in a dark room. Luke got up to light some candles.
"I've been waiting to light these things."
"Hurry up! It's dark and I don't like it!"
"Ashton babe, you're twenty years old. You shouldn't be afraid of the dark."
"Shut it and light those sons of bitches."
Luke chuckled and lit the candles. After he lit them, he went back to lay on the couch.
"Hey, do you hear that?"
"Ashton, all I hear is the storm and your voice."
"No listen."
Luke didn't say anything and he sat there. After what seemed like forever, he heard a faint crying in the back yard. Luke shot up and ran to the back door. He flung it open and ran outside without his shoes, socks, and jacket. Ashton stood in the kitchen waiting for Luke to come back in. Luke ran inside soaking wet from all the rain. He had something cradled in his arms.
"Ashton, you're not going to believe what I just found."
"What is it?"
"A baby boy."
Ashton ran over to Luke and pulled the blanket down, and there he was, the baby boy Luke was talking about. He wasn't crying anymore; he had blonde hair and piercing blue eyes. He grabbed Ashton's hair in his right hand and grabbed Luke's nose in his left. He let out an adorable giggle that caused Luke and Ashton both to smile.
"What are we going to do with him?"
"Well, you know what they say. When life gives you lemons, you make lemonade."
"Life didn't give us lemons Luke. Life gave us a baby."
"So we make baby formula."
"This is no time for jokes Luke. Does the blanket have a name on it or anything?"
"I don't see anything on it. We should give him a bath and change him into something not wet."
"We have no diapers or baby clothes. What can we possibly change him into?"
"Well, our neighbors have diapers and we can wash and dry his onesie so we can put it back on him."
Luke gave Ashton the baby and threw on his shoes and jacket. He opened the door and ran to the neighbors. Ashton took the baby upstairs and laid him on the bathroom floor as he started the bath. He didn't put too much water in the tub because he didn't want to take the risk of drowning the baby. Luke walked in the door and walked upstairs. He walked into the bathroom and held up two diapers and some powder.
"They were nice enough to give me an extra diaper and some baby formula. They also gave me some baby food as well."
"He's not fighting the bath. He actually likes the water a little too much."
"So I hope you know how to put a diaper on a baby because I sure as hell don't."
"If I do that then you are feeding him."