
After stuffing faces with Niall, everybody decided that we should start to go room shopping but I didn't wanna anymore. I mean come on. I could always buy what I need online. If I could speak I would be complaining. Right now Zayn was pulling me trying to get me inside a furniture store. I was not gonna go in there. Not without a fight I wasn't. I'm tired. Tired tired tired tired tired. I WANT TO SLEEP!!!!!!!! Finally Zayn gave up. "Why don't you wanna go in?!" He asked, probably feeling exhausted. I pretended to sleep. "Your tired? From what?" I started acting as if I was eating. Your joking right. LISA COME ON!!" I shook my head. "Lisa," he said with a warning type voice. I got on my knees and pulled out my bottom lip. "OKAY FINE! Just get up. Your making a scene." I looked around and no one was even looking over here then I looked back at Zayn with a raised eyebrow. "Come on Lisa, let's go." Niall said laughing, he touched my arm but I jerked it back immediately because I felt a shock. Niall burst out laughing. "Way to go Lisa, you just shocked me," he said still laughing. I rolled my eyes with a smile. I got up by myself and we all walked to eye car. We invited Venus to come with us. Liam was driving and Zayn was in the passenger seat. In the back was Niall, me, Harry, Venus, and Louis. Niall had his head in my lap sleeping, I was playing with his hair, Harry and Venus were flirting.... again, and Louis was on his phone with his tongue sticking out. He looked Kinda cute. I looked down at Niall and started playing with his hair. I pulled it a little hard and a small moan came from his mouth. I covered my mouth as everybody's head turned to my direction. Everyone except Liam of course. Everybody burst out laughing at the little.... mishap. After getting home, I smacked Niall so he would wake up. He shot up immediately breathing hardly. He looked at me then started blushing for some reason. He needs help. After getting home, I immediately went to my room and put on a white tank top that said you only live once, grey sweats, and uggs. I was not going back out AND NOBODY CAN MAKE ME!!!! MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!! SUCKERS