
I woke up to 5 fuzzy faces.
"OH MY FREAKING GOODNESS SHE'S ALIVE!!!! GET THE DOCTOR!!!! DOCTOR!!!!!!" I heard someone shout. I couldn't quite make out the voice.
I groaned.
"WHAT'S GOING ON?!" I heard an unfamiliar voice.
"SHE'S UP!!!!! WHY DID SHE FAINT!!!!??!?!?!"
My eyesight got clearer and I saw I was in a hospital room.
"According to the tests we took on her, she fainted due to stress and a bad memory. Too bad that she couldn't handle the stress and memory together. Good news is she can leave whenever she's ready. Who is responsible for her?" Zayn raised his hand, "Please come with me. You need to sign a few a papers so you can take her out." Zayn nodded and left with the doctor.
"Are you ok?" Niall asked holding. my hand. I gave a slight nod because it hurt to much to a lot.
"What memory?" Liam asked. I wanted to cry. I wanted to burst into tears, but instead I just shook my head no.
"Ok. Just know of you ever want somebody to talk to, we're here for you." He said. He looked so concern. They all looked concern. Some more than others. -cough- Harry -cough- Niall. I got off the bed slowly and stood up. I heard someone being slapped. I turned and saw Harry rubbing the back of his head and Niall blushing.
"Lisa, babe, you might wanna cover your, umm lower back." Niall told me. Confused, I looked at my back and saw my butt showing. I laughed nervously and covered it. These damn hospital gowns. I looked around and spotted my clothes on the stand next to the bed and grabbed it.
"So, were gonna go so you can get ready. Umm, we'll continue the day we were suppose to have tomorrow." I nodded as they left. I changed into my clothes then I looked around the room and burst into tears. I was right back at where I started. Right at the beginning. I didn't want this. I didn't ask for this. Why? Why me? Lord if I have sinned I'm sorry, just please help me through this. Let me able to see that there is happiness. That there is someone out there who loves me. I burst into even more tears. I couldn't take it.