
A/N: I know. I totally lied about the twice update and I'm really sorry. I didn't go to school today do I'll try to update twice today. Hugs? Anyway just thought you should know this chapter will be short but I have my reasons so yeah. Still love you
-Next morning- I woke up still trying to shake Harry's naked body out of my mind. Honestly I understand why he's single now. I looked at the time and and groaned. It was 10:37. I didn't want to wake up. I stared at the ceiling for a few minutes when I heard my door opening. I didn't look at who it was cause I thought it would just be one of the boys coming to harass me.  Most likely Harry with his naked body. "Lisa?" I recognized that low but gentle voice anywhere. I looked over at my door to see Brianna looking at me. "Breakfast is ready." As soon as she said those words I remembered what I ate yesterday and wanted to throw up. I gave her a quick smile hoping she would go so I could vomit. Luckily for me she did leave. I jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom and threw up in the toilet. All the food that I ate were coming back. I was in the middle of vomiting when I felt my hair being held for me. When I finished I looked up to see Harry. "You okay?" I nodded. "Are you sick?" I shook my head no. I'm not. It's just something I do. I don't purge. Honestly I don't. I like to eat its just when I eat a lot it comes back up. Everything I ate. I don't know why. I rinsed my mouth and smiled at Harry as to say thank you. "No biggie. But are you sure your okay. I nodded. "Okay breakfast is on the table." I nodded and smiled. After he left I brushed my teeth and took a shower washing my hair in the process. I like to wash my hair a lot. After getting out I wrap a towel around my body and go inside my room. I was still shocked at how beautiful it looked. I decide to put on a white crop top that I don't know how to describe and some shorts with a long sweater and brown sneakers I guess. I really need to learn my clothes. I put my hair in a bun and go downstairs. I look at all the food and want to pass out. It looks like a damn feast..... but for breakfast. It hurts to throw up.
A/N: HEY GUYS!!!! As you can see I rewrote this chapter because it was too soon for her to talk. Love you.