
I shot up from my bed breathing heavier than usual. Amanda came in my room with a panicked face. I gave her a confused look seeing as I dont really talk. "You were screaming loudly!" I took the small bored that she got me off my dresser and wrote on it. "You had a dream about what happened before you were brought here?" I nodded my head to let her know she was right. Amanda is one of those people who take care of the kids and what not. She was the only one I considered talking to. "Do you wanna write about it?" I shook my head towards her. Nobody knew about what happened to me and I didn't plan on telling anyone anytime soon. It's hard for me to trust anyone after what my so called parents did. I trusted them. They were like every other loving parent. Then one day everything just changed. I've been in here for a few years now. "Do you want anything to eat?" I shook my head no at her. She sighted. She always tried to make me eat more. I wanted to. I loved food. I just didn't eat much of it because of what happened. "I'm gonna bring you chocolate bar ok?" I smiled at her without showing any teeth. She knew I loved chocolate. Everyone that has met me knew I loved chocolate. "Go get dressed in the mean time ok?" I looked her confused again. "A few people are coming over today. They called earlier. Wanted two so one wouldn't be lonely. You just happened to be in the range they picked. "What's the range?" I wrote on the bored. "About 16-17 and 3-5" I nodded at her. Alright I'm gonna go get your breakfast. I'll be back." I nodded my head to let her know I know I understood. I went into the bathroom in my room that wasn't suppose to be there. I brushed my teeth then took a shower washing my hair in the process. I wrapped a towel around my body just in case somebody wanted to waltz in. I was glad to see that nobody walked in. I threw on a varsity jacket/shirt type thing and skinny jeans. I put on sneakers and just let my hair stay the way it naturally is but color. I jumped on my bed and turned on the tv as Amanda walked in with a tray full of food. My eyes basically left my sockets. She knew I didn't eat much. It's not like I didn't like to eat I did. I very much loved to eat, but I just didn't like to eat much anymore. "Come on. You need to eat more and that's all I'm going to say." I pouted at her. "No. I'm not falling for that again. I'm gonna walk out now before I give up." Amanda walked out the room probably feeling proud that she didn't give in. Half an hour later I'm in the middle of the movie frozen when Amanda come busting through my door. "Come on. You gotta get up. They are searching now." I rolled my eyes, got up, picked my phone up from the light stand, and walked out. I walked out and noticed the girls that were out had basically no clothes. I gave Amanda an "what the hell" look. "They people adopting? One Direction." How pathetic. Dressing like a thot just to get adopted by one of them then try to bang the others. I mean yeah, I listened to them and yeah I thought they were hot but I wasn't gonna dress as a thot for no one. Not even the damn president. I was in the middle of playing a game for I don't know how long when I was tapped on the shoulder. I looked up to see who? That's right. One Direction. "Hi im Liam, and I wanted to know if I could ask you a few questions." I liked how he introduced himself. It let me know he didn't think oh I'm famous so she knows who I am. It let me know he wasn't a jerk. I then realized what he asked me and looked at around to see the other girls staring at me and them with shocked faces. I pointed to myself as to ask "me?" He nodded a little confused as why i didn't  say anything. "Yeah. Or is that a problem because I don't want to make you uncomfortable. Goodness that's the last thing I wanna do. Goodness Zayn do the talking." I wanted to laugh. I thought it was cute. "I guess I'll be doing the adopting too then?" Liam nodded. I got up and opened my door for them to come in. I was too lazy to walk over to Amanda so I just went in my room, grabbed one of my pillows, walked back out , and threw it at the back of Amanda's head. "WHAT?!" She snapped. I grinned at how i made her annoyed. I told her to come over with a wave of my hand. "What?" She asked giving me back my pillow. I pointed inside my room and she oohhed. She walked in as I closed the door behind her. "Hi this is Lisa Brown and she is 16 years old." Amanda said for me with a smile. "Why isn't she talking" Amanda's smile faded and she looked at me. I gave her the look of approval to let her know that she could tell them. "Something happened I'm her past and she hasn't really talked since." I opened the door for them to leave. "Now she thinks you want to leave because she cant talk"
"Oh. Can we talk to you outside."
"Yeah sure." Amanda said leading then outside and closing the door behind her. I crawled back into my bed and turned on the tv to see them giving Happy feet 2. I loved Erick. He was so adorable and could sing. All of the animals could sing. Especially that fat penguin. Amanda came in with such a happy face. Haha happy feet happy face. "LISA!!!" She squeaked bringing out my suit case and throwing my stuff in there. I jumped back out of bed making sure to add noise. "THEY ARE ADOPTING YOU!! COME ON!!!" As soon as I heard those words I was running around the room throwing stuff to Amanda and her throwing stuff to me.