
We were in the car driving to my new home I guess. Liam was driving and Zayn was in the passengers seat. In the back it was Louis, me, Niall, then Harry. Brianna was sitting on me sleeping. I was glad to be sitting next to Louis and Niall. They cracked me up. I think it's funny how I can burst out laughing at the stupidest things but I can't even talk. Anyway, I guess they wanted me to feel welcome even though I couldn't talk cause it was joke after joke. It came to a point I couldn't breathe. They must've cracked a lot of jokes because before I knew it we were in front if this big house. "Were home already?" Niall asked. "No Niall this is McDonald's but they saw our house and redesigned it to look like our home." I'm pretty sure anyone could tell it was Louis by his sass. For dinner m some reason I found myself laughing even harder and I didn't know why. I took deep breaths then everyone decided to get out the car. About time. I got out carefully not to wake Brianna from her nap. I managed to do so and grab a suitcase as well. I knew I they would probably try to take all of the suitcases but I grabbed one before they could tell me. I walked behind Zayn who apparently had the key. I just wanted to go inside. It was hot. "So we did a little decorating for your room so just follow me and yeah." I nodded and followed him to what I'm guessing is my room. He took me upstairs and down the hall and took a right. "Here we are." He sighed opening the door. I walked inside and my breathe was taken away. It was beautiful. "Do you like it?" I nodded my head excitedly. It was awesome. "The other beds are for if you wanna have friends over or if you wanna just switch beds or whatever." I nodded. I let go of my suitcases and put Brianna on one of the beds. I grabbed my suitcases from Zayn and nodded my head as to say thanks. "No problem." I put my suitcases and started to put my things away.
A/N: Hey. Sorry it's shorter than usual but I'm really tired. I'll make the next chapter much longer as an apology. While I'm at it  I'll update twice. Love ya.