
"Stop calling him him. We should pick a name for him."
"What do you want to call him?"
"Well until we figure out his real name, let's call him Austin."
"I like that. What about you Austin; do you like it?"
Ashton picked Austin up and started talking like a baby. Austin gave him a gummy grin and laughed. Ashton dried him off and laid him on the towel to put on his diaper. Austin was holding his feet and rocking back and forth laughing. The sight made Luke smile.
He then asked, "Hey babe?"
"Yeah?"
"If we don't find his parents or if he doesn't have any parents...do you want to keep him?"
"He's not some dog Luke. If we do keep Austin, then were going to have to be adults about the situation."
"I understand. First thing tomorrow we can take him to the police station and ask them about any missing children, but for tonight, he can sleep with us."
"I like the sound of that. What about you Austin; do you want to stay here with us?"
Austin looked at Luke and then back at Ashton. He raised his arms up and pulled Ashton down by his curls. Ashton laughed and picked him up. Austin looked at his hand as if it was the weirdest thing ever. He placed it in his mouth and then placed it in Ashton's mouth. Ashton died laughing and Luke walked down stairs to get the food ready. Ashton walked down stairs and sat on the couch.
Luke walked over to Ashton and sat down. "Ready for some," he turned to read the label, "yummy peas?"
Austin looked at Luke confusingly. Luke put the spoon in the peas and said, "Here comes the airplane."
Austin laughed and opened his mouth. When the spoon entered Austin's mouth, he twisted his face and spat the food all over Luke.
"Oh come on. It can't be that bad." Luke took a spoonful of the peas and placed it into his mouth only to run to the trashcan and spit it out.
"Oh god no. There is no way we are letting him eat this. He can have the vanilla pudding one."
Luke walked back over and placed the spoon into Austin's mouth. Austin swallowed the food and opened his mouth for more.
"Aw, some one likes this flavor doesn't he?"
Luke placed another spoonful into his mouth and soon on, the jar was gone. Luke took Austin into his arms and looked at Ashton.
"So how do I burp him?"
"Pat his back."
Luke began to pat his back and soon enough, Austin burped about two times. He balled up his fist and rubbed his eyes.
Luke held him up and looked at him scared, "Did I do something wrong? Why is he doing that?"
"Luke, he is tired."
"Oh, well I'm pretty beat too. What do you say Austin; want to go lay down?"
Austin yawned, "Well I guess that is a yes. You want to go lay down babe?"
"Yeah. Tonight was pretty eventful. Where is Austin going to sleep?"
"With us. We don't have a cradle or anything and we can't put him on the floor."
"Okay, well I'll see you in bed."
Ashton got up and walked up the steps. Luke walked over to the sink and placed Austin in it. He threw his shirt into the dirty laundry and walked over to Austin. He took dry rag and began to wipe the baby food from his mouth and his body. When he was done, he threw his onesie into the dryer and walked up stairs. Ashton was already lying down, so Luke placed Austin in between them. Austin crawled over to Ashton and hooked his arms around his bicep and hooked his legs around Luke's bicep.