
Look on Media↘️< Lily Grace
This is my first story . It's kinda bad but if you like it. Well that's awesome, internet hug!! *hugging the computer screen*
"Hey Will I'm going in the shower, so don't go in the bathroom", I said with a glare to Will
Will and I are in the Apollo's cabin right now and all of my other sibling are practicing archery. Will didn't feeling like going today. I know shocking that two Apollo children skipping archery class. But between you and I, Will isn't that good in archery. I just stayed behind so Will wouldn't feel bad about him self and so he wouldn't bored. "Yell if there's a bug trying to eat you alive again", Will said with a smirk. He put his hands on his hips, puffed out his chest, and said:"I Will Solance can come and safe you from those horrible beast. Yeah I forgot to mention, im terrified of bugs. I rolled my eyes, "whatever you say Super-Will".
I was getting out  of the shower when I heard the cabin' s door open. Then I heard Will's voice, and another voice responded. I heard Will said ,Nico do you want to hang out in the cabin with us"? "Us? Who else is here", the guy I guess is Nico question. "My sister Lily is in the"... "WILL"!!!! I yelled cutting him off. Did I mention that I forgot to bring my clothes in the bathroom with me? No well I guess you do know. I heard Wll's foot steps come to a stop at the door. Before he said anything, I poke my head out the door. "Can you please get my camp shirt and shorts for me" I gave him on of my puppy eyes. " why can you just..he looked backed at Nico, ohh yeah no problem sis". He later return with my clothes. You know Will I prefer my converse instead of vans with this outfit. I was waking to my bed when Will said," have met my really good friend Nico, Lily"? Nico?... Oh I forgot he was in here, he is so quiet. " I don't think so but I do remember you fighting in the war with Gaea"."I kinda of got here with Jason, Piper, Leo, and Annabeth were off to get Percy." "Well I'm Lily Grace nice to meet you" I stuck out my hand. Surprisingly he shook it. "Nico Di Angelo". " well guys since we all know each other and are all friends let's go", Will said with one of his famous dazzling smile.