
"Who was that?" Travis asked looking over at me.
"That's my new best friend Sally-Anne McCormic" I said smiling he just rolled his eyes at me and looked at the road. "Aren't you gonna ask me how my first day was? Some classes I have? Are you gonna talk at all?"
"Look kid I'm not your father." He said stubbornly.
"You don't have to be my father to be nice and considerate." I said. "Like seriously im not a robot I have feelings too!" I looked at him as we stopped at a red light.
"Alright... that's it..." he said the ride home was a quiet one. When we finally pulled up into the driveway, Travis looked at me. "Pack your bags man." He said.
I looked at him my heart stopped pumping and everything was still. "But I'm sixteen" I said.
"Doesn't matter get out of my truck, pack your crap and get the hell out of my life!" He said sternly.
Tears were starting to come down my face I grabbed my backpack and ran into the house. I grabbed three pairs of jeans four shirts and my Hollister sweatshirt I also grabbed my phone and the charger for it I stuffed that in my school backpack as well and walked downstairs, out the door without saying anything and I started walking down the long driveway.
Fifteen minutes went by and I finally got off of the street every time I took a step, a  dust cloud engulfed my shoe. All of a sudden I heard a truck coming from behind me. I never hitch hiked before but I stuck my arm out and did a thumbs up. The driver stopped and rolled down the window I looked over, it was Hayden.
"Were ya hitchhiking to?" He asked his face was full of humor but his eyes were full of concern.
"My uncle kicked me out of the house now I have no were to go." I said looking down at the rocky dirt road.
"Get in I'll take ya to my place." He said. "You can meet my folks and you already know my sister." He said.
"No I'm fine." I said.
"Well I can't just leave ya out here." He said, giving me a small smile. Butterflies flew in my stomach  I sighed were else am I gonna go... I suddenly opened the passenger seat of the truck and climbed in.
"Come on lets go." I said, and he drove off towards his house. I started having second thoughts like what if he's lying? What is he's a chainsaw murderer? I didn't even notice that we were there until I heard Hayden slamming the driver door. I got out of the car slowly and closed the passenger door. I walked up to Hayden's house.
His house was a little bigger than Travis's house. It was all white with blue shutters. It reminded me of the house from the movie The Notebook with Ryan Gossling and Rachel McAdams.
Hayden was standing near the front door he smiled at me I don't know why or how but... I'm starting to get feelings for him... get a hold of yourself girl you just met him! Ugh.
Hayden welcomed me inside the house was beautiful. Their were colorful paintings hanging on the light tan walls their was a grand piano on the living room with no television, but a sofa was still their. "My folks don't believe in TV." Hayden said quietly I nodded to myself in approval.
"We have a guest room that you can stay in." He said taking my backpack and walking up the dark wooden staircase. I fealt I had no choice but to follow him so I walked behind him up the stairs, tracing my hand on the cold, smooth, polished wood.
"Will your parents be okay with me staying here." I asked as he opened the door to a bedroom he walked in and I followed and shut the door behind me.