
~two weeks later~
"No like, seriously just listen." I said into the phone.
"I'm not going to listen to a child like you! Listen to me Hailey I made you leave this house for a reason." Travis replied. I paced back and forth across the living room floor. Hayden was sitting quietly on the piano bench I stuffed my right hand impatiently inside my sweatshirt pocket.
"What did I do wrong! All I was doing was sticking up to you!" I yelled Hayden flinched and stud up cautiously. The other end went blank Travis hung up on me.
"Hailey you can stay here." Hayden pleaded his voice was comforting. At that moment all I wanted to do was bury myself in his arms and never come out.
I sighed in defeat. It was either live with Hayden and his family, or to be homeless "I just... I don't wanna be a burden to you." I said softly.
"Hailey." He said as he chuckled under his breath. "You will never be a burden to me."
"You say that now but what if I end up being a juvenile delinquent? Then I will be a burden." I said.
"You couldn't be a burden even if you tried." He said smugly.
A couple minutes of silence filled the contents of the room until I thought of a response. "Try me." I said.
Hayden came to me and lifted my chin up with his hand. He looked into my eyes for a moment. As his lips came closer to mine my eyes closed slowly. We were so close everything in my body was screaming for him I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him closer and finally our lips touched.
Every time we kiss I get a feeling of hope, like everything will be okay in the end. Whenever I'm with him I feel infinite, just being around him makes me happy.
As the kiss speeded up, my lungs grew more desperate for air but the intensity of the kiss made me want more. Hayden put his hands on my waist. I pulled away slightly to get a breath of air then I leaned forward to kiss him again. As the kiss grew more and more passionate I wrapped my legs around his waist. He bit my bottom lip as he pulled away breathlessly. I looked into his eyes as he looked into mine I smiled and giggled a little bit.
"Hailey..." he said softly.
"Yes?" I asked.
"I... I think I love you...." he said softly. At that moment I realized that I loved him too everything emotion inside of me burst like fireworks.
"I love you too..." I replied softly. He laughed and wrapped his arms around me.
I love being in his embrace the feeling of his strong arms around me, his skin touching mine. He makes me feel alive. I know I love him. It's far too late to turn back now. Not only did my heart expand, but my walls broke, I know by making this decision puts me in a vulnerable position but I like it... This is the decision I have made.
"So... what do we do now?" I asked casually.
"Do you still want to leave?" He asked blankly.
I stepped away from him a little bit to concentrate. My options are to leave or to stay... if I leave I'll have nothing, nobody. If I stay I will be a burden to Hayden's family but I'll be with Hayden. I looked into his perfect blue eyes.
"Hailey please." He pleaded. "Stay."