

"Okay... i'll stay." I said weakly under my breath.
He smiled and came towards me. I wrapped my arms around him and I looked into his eyes. As we came closer my eyes fluttered closed he leaned back teasingly and he kissed my neck. A low pitched moan escaped from my lips. I felt a smile stretch across his face. That's when I realized I needed him, I need him to be mine. Most of all I need to be his.
As soon as his soft, warm lips touched mine, I wanted more. Every part of me ached for every part of him. I pulled him closer to me at that moment all I could think about was him. He tried to take my shirt off but that's when I snapped back into reality. I pulled away quickly.
"Too early..." I said breathlessly.
"Okay." he said.
Later that night, we gathered at the table for dinner. Dinner was always an awkward event for us, especially for Hayden.
"So Hailey, how was your day?" Hayden's dad asked me. Both of the parents work everyday until we are ready for dinner. Only on a rare occasion we would have Esmee at the house, she was always with her popular bunch of friends from school. She treats us like strangers everywhere else but when she's here, Mr and Mrs Bailey thinks we are best friends.
"Oh my day was good." I said. Which is true but to a certain extent...
"How about yourself Hayden?" His mother asked softly.
"It went cool. Class is boring as hell-" he said bit his father interrupted him by clearing his throat really loud and giving him what me and Hayden like to call the death glare of doom.
"No swearing at the table." His dad retorted. Hayden rolled his eyes and sighed loudly, I cleared my throat to get his attention and as soon as his eyes connected with mine I pointed to his dad who was currently looking down at his plate and I childishly pretend to stick my finger down my throat. He laughed and I smiled his dad let out an annoyed moan and that's when I looked over to see Hayden's mother giggling too.
After dinner and chores, me and Hayden either have the option of 'chilling' downstairs in the living room with his parents, or we could go upstairs and stay in our rooms. I normally choose to hang out with Hayden's parents. His mother is normally a very funny person but today something happened at her job and she wasn't in the mood to be funny so I went upstairs to my bedroom.
I sprawled out across the bed, plugged my headphones in, and turned on music from my phone. The song I don't care by Fall out boy came on. I lightly hummed to it as I picked up my new favorite book and started reading. I didn't even notice that someone was standing there until I looked up and saw him.
Hayden smiled down at me and spoke but I couldn't hear him, my music was too loud. I took my headphones out "wait come again?"
"I said you sound so adorable when you hum." He said . I felt my face getting red and he laughed. "And when you blush." That made me blush even more.
I got up off the bed and looked up into his amazing light blue eyes before I leaned in to kiss him. He shut the door as we both walked over to the bed I sat down on the edge of the bed never taking his lips off mine. He pulled away for a second to look into my eyes. I smiled as we went into another kiss. Our lips blended together perfectly, like they were made for each other. Hayden put his hands on my hips as I wrapped my arms around his neck and tangled my fingers in the collar of his shirt. I pulled away slowly and reluctantly.
"I don't wanna go too fast." I said softly. He nodded his head.