
We have been in the car for two hours now. I fell asleep a couple times but I'd always wake up Travis's horrible road rage. Occasionally he would yell get off the road you fricken retard or what the hell man or even worse. When we got off the main highway (that's where all Travis's problems were) it was beautiful. The sun was just starting to rise it was absolutely gorgeous. Then Travis pulled into a dirt road driveway it took a couple minutes to get down to the house but wow it was amazing.
The house looked big. It was like a old country cottage or something. Off to the side, there was a empty barn and meadow behind an electric and wooden fence. Travis stopped the truck and pulled out the keys from the starter thingie (I don't know anything about cars) he opened his door and got out I watched as he opened the garage door and walk in, leaving it open a crack for me to get in. I got out of the truck and walked up to the door I swung it open and walked inside I reached over to the handle and grabbed it. I shut the door and walked in.
"Hailey your room is the first one on the  left at the top of the stairs okay?" Travis said I groaned I am still mad at him for the what happened at the cemetery.
I walked up to my room there were boxes laying around everywhere only my bed was in the right place. I needed to get dressed because I start school in a couple hours. I instantly went to one of the boxes that were labeled Hailey's stuff and opened it. It was filled with some of my books, some stuffed animals, some room decorations, no clothes. So I looked in another box.
By the time I found the box of clothes I had already been through ten boxes and my room was almost all unpacked. I hurried to the bathroom. I walked into the bathroom and looked in the mirror my hair was a mess and my makeup was a disaster. I took off all my clothes and got in the shower. I turned the water on, it was cold at first but once it got hot and steamy it was fine. I reached for my shampoo and opened the cap I poured some in my hand and rubbed it in my hair.
Moments like these feel nice I feel like I have nothing to worry about their is no pressure or anything to bother me and the strange thing is... im thinking about Hayden again. Why can't I stop thinking about him? When I rinsed all the shampoo out of my hair I opened the conditioner and put that in my hair just then my uncle knocked on the door.
"Hailey get your ass out here your gonna be late for school!" He yelled ugh I hate him!
I quickly washed my body and rinsed the  conditioner out of my hair. I turned the water off and got out, I wrapped myself in a towel and walks to my bedroom. I'm glad we have long towels because I realized I forgot my clothes in my room. When I walked into my bedroom, it was freezing cold thats when I looked over and saw that my window was open.
I walked over and fixed my towel so that when I closed the window it wouldn't fall off. I reached up and grabbed the top of the window, I looked outside and saw our neighbors house. Someone opened their front door and walked out. I could tell that he was young because he had a backpack on with one strap over his shoulder.... it was Hayden. He glanced up at my window and saw me I quickly realized that I was only wearing a towel that was beginning to fall off. So I shut my window quickly, fixed my towel, and gave him an awkward smile while I waved.
He laughed and waved back. He continued walking to the end of his driveway my eyes followed him until he stopped and stud their. I didn't mean to stare at him..... but I did...