
My name is Hailey Doson its nothing special in my opinion just a regular girl name for a regular girl teenager right? In two weeks is my first day of tenth grade, not just tenth grade but tenth grade in a new school. In a new state.
Probably the most stressful thing that will ever happen in my entire life is happening today... the day I get to say goodbye to all of my closest and dearest friends. My Uncle Travis is the one who thought of the idea to throw a going away party all my friends were coming.
The invitation said 12:am to 9:pm so that means I get about nine hours left with all of the people I love. Right now it's 8:00 am I have four hours left until the party. I put on my favorite black leggings and a blue Hollister sweatshirt with my black and white Converse All Star high tops. I put my thick curly brown hair into a messy bun and ran downstairs. Uncle Travis was sitting at the dining room table.
"Hey Hailey." He said looking up from his news paper.
"Hey Travis." I said "can I borrow the truck to say goodbye to mom and dad?" He got up and put on a black sweater and his slip on shoes.
"I need to pay my respects as well." He said grabbing the keys. I nodded my head he threw the keys at me I just barely caught them. "You better drive im gonna be a mess." He said I just walked out the door.
I know that my mother was his only sibling but he acts like I never loved them either...
~Flashback~    "I love you mommy" I said as my mother kissed my forehead. It was my first day of forth grade.
"I love you to Heil have a good day at school okay" she said my father put his big hand on her small narrow shoulder.
"Have an amazing day baby girl we love you so much." My father said.
"Daddyyyyyy!" I said "I'm not five anymore!" My mother giggled.
"Yeah Danny you heard the woman." Mom said. I laughed. I kissed my mother and ran into the school.
Later that day, I got called to the main office when I walked in the corridor I overheard conversation.
"the girls an orphan now both her parents died in a car accident." A lady said.
I stopped dead in my tracks, tears came to my eyes and I ran as fast as I could to the nearest bathroom and cried until I heard someone come in then I cried even more.
~End of flashback~
Travis followed me out the door. It was a nice day outside, there was a fresh cool breeze and it was warm. It was perfect sweater weather. I jogged to the truck and opened the driver door I hopped in. Travis was following close behind me. His hands were shoved in his pockets and his head was down he looked really... I dont know how to explain him he is weird and interesting at the same time.
He got into the passenger seat and shut the door. We just sat their looking into blank space. We sat their for about five minutes until he finally cleared his throat.
"Hailey can we go now?" He asked sternly
"Yeah sorry I just..." I said.
"I don't care that your sorry start the damn car!" He said.
I started the truck and backed out of the driveway. As I was driving I thought about how close I was getting to my parents grave every minute I was so much closer to them. I will never get to hear my mothers soft comforting voice, never again feel the rough hairs on his upper lip as he kissed my forehead when he put me to bed with my mother beside him. Tears pushed against the back of my eyes and I tried so hard to stifle the sob that desperately needed to come out. I pulled over in the closest restaurant parking lot and just cried.
"Um Hailey... I'm sorry." He said I looked over at him.
"Why are you sorry!?" I yelled "you are so inconsiderate about other people and the only person you care about is yourself!" Now I was crying harder than I was when I first started crying.
I rested my head on the steering wheel and cried I don't care i'm just gonna let it all go.
