
"Hey Gracie." Connor said.
Gracie stopped and looked at Connor she looked down at the ground. Was she blushing? "Grace can I talk to you for a minute?" Connor asked. Gracie nodded and walked with Connor. Jaxon whistled rudely Hayden laughed and I smiled. I think I'm going to like it here...
Later that day I called Travis on the school office phone. It took a while but he eventually picked up.
"Hello who's this" Travis asked.
"Hey Travis its Hailey can you come pick me up from school?" I asked
"Oh hell I forgot sorry... ugh ill be their in like... um... fifteen minutes okay?" He asked
"Okay hurry up I can't be waiting all day!" I said as I hung up the phone. I sat down in one of the office chairs.
"Bad day huh?" A voice said from behind me I turned around. It was Jaxon.
"No its just that... my uncle is a dummy who can't keep track of time." I said.
"Well I was wondering if a pretty girl like you wanted to go out with a guy like me." He said smiling.
"Excuse me!" I said "we just met im not going to date you!" I gave him a dirty look.
"C'mon baby just give me a chance I promise you won't regret it." He said. I shifted in my chair no longer feeling comfortable until Sally-Anne walked in.
"Hey baby." she said planting a kiss on his cheek. He looked at me in shock haha stupid player.
I got up and walked towards Sally-Anne "hey can I talk to you for a second?" I asked her.
"Oh sure Hailey!" She said excitedly, a wide smile was spread across her face as we exited the main office. We walked outside and sat on the curb. I told her what happened between me and Jaxon. Her face expression turned from happy to anger as she stormed inside to the main office and slapped Jaxon across the face.
"I know why nobody wants to date you! Cus you a liar and a player! Now guess what the jokes on you cus we are over!" She yelled. She ran outside, all I could do was just stand there.
"I hope your happy you little rat." He said "you just ruined a ten month relationship." I walked outside to see Sally-Anne sitting on the curb crying. I wrapped my arms around her and let her cry on my shoulder.
"I-I knew he was ch-cheating on me" she said "I j-just didn't w-wanna face it"
I heard a truck horn beep. Sally-Anne jumped up. My shirt was a little damp were she cried in me I quickly opened up my backpack and grabbed a piece of paper and took a pen out of my pencil box and I wrote my phone number. I gave it to her and she smiled.
"Feel free to call me anytime okay?" I said softly.
"Okay." She said wiping her face with her shirt I smiled at her and she smiled back we got up off the curb and she unexpectedly hugged me "thank you Hailey." She said
"No problem that's what sisters are for." I said as I pulled away I ran to the truck, opened the door and got in I looked over at Sally-Anne, she was waving. I waved back as Travis started the truck and drove out of the parking lott.
"Call me!" I yelled.
"I will" she yelled back and when Travis turned the corner, Sally-Anne was out of sight I sat back in our seat and draped my arm out the window.