
I looked down at my shoes to hide my blush I was embarrassed and mad at the same time. Me and Hayden were so close to kissing and his mother had to ruin my whole opportunity. Ugh. I know now that I wanted to be more than Hayden's friend. I wanted to be his girl, the person who he can protect, the person who he can truly be himself around. All of a sudden Hayden's sister Esmee ran into the room.
"Mo-" she started and then she stopped when she saw me "Hailey?"
"Yeah. Hey Esmee..." I said and waved awkwardly at her. She gave me a small smile and looked at her mother.
"Mom I'm late for practice." She said her mum crossed her arms in front of her.
"Okay Esmee I'm coming. Oh and Hayden you know were-" she started but Hayden cut her off.
"Yeah mom thanks." He said as he looked down he was blushing.
"Hayden you know were my keys are? She asked again. Hayden looked up clearly more embarrassed than before. He walked out of the room Esmee and his mother followed. While I was alone, I took time looking around his room. I think you can tell a lot of a person by being in their room.
Hayden had dark blue walls with band posters hanging on them from thumb tacks I saw some that I recognized, most of them the names were strange and unfamiliar to me. The bed was on the floor over a box spring, his sheets were light blue. I walked over to his bed and sat down, letting my bag fall off my shoulder I sighed heavily as I waited for him to return.
"Having fun?" He asked from the doorway I jumped to my feet and he laughed lightly. "Sorry I didn't mean to scare you."
"Its alright..." I said quietly he walked over to me and sat down beside me on the bed I don't know why but I had the sudden urge to burst into tears. I put my head on his hard, bulky shoulder and I just cried. I could tell that Hayden was confused about what he should do because after a little while he slowly and cautiously wrapped his arm around me. I felt safe and secure wrapped in his arms. When I eventually stopped crying, me and Hayden walked downstairs to the kitchen because he was hungry. His mother and Esmee were not back yet.
I followed closely behind him as he walked downstairs and into the kitchen and as soon as he opened the fridge his phone started wringing and vibrating in the back pocket of his jeans. He pulled it out and pressed the answer button.
"Hello?" He asked and waited a few seconds. "Oh..." he said again looking at the floor. "So what time are you gonna be here?" He asked.
I was instantly bored listening to only his side of the conversation, so I walked into the living room. I sat down at the piano and started playing the only song I know, "Fur Elise" by Ludwig van Beethoven. As soon as I started playing I was instantly connected to the piano and I felt like I lost myself. I was no longer Hailey Doson, I was a part of the music. As the music grew more intense I sat on the edge of the stool with my back straight as a fence, letting my fingers go wild all across the keys and as it eased back into the chorus I calmed down and relaxed my muscles as soon. As I was done playing I got up and looked behind me. Their stood Hayden with a bag of salt and vinegar chips, his expression totally blank.
"How the hell did you do that?" He said slowly I just shrugged and walked by him, reaching into his bag to grab a few for myself. "Hailey... I was on the phone with my mother she said that she got stuck in a horrible traffic jam and Esmee begged her to stay at the practice so she won't be home for about three hours." He said
"Okay." I said eating my chips.
"She also said that you can stay as long as you want too. I begged Esmee to say that you guys are extremely close friends and she believed it." He said.