
This school is absolutely nothing like my last one. I only have a half day because something went wrong with getting me registered and stuff like that. For now I have to follow this girl named Gracie Camble. Gracie is kinda short and buff like the rest of the people in here her hair was short and black that sat frizzy on her shoulders. Her skin was a light brown colour. She would be a completely normal teenager if she didn't always have a grimace on her face.
Right now we are in the cafeteria I was trying to find a seat but the room is so crowded a couple minutes later I found Gracie sitting with a couple of girls. I didn't get it the table was almost empty!
"Hey Gracie who's this." Asked a blonde hair girl.
"I'm Hailey Doson." I said sitting down next to Gracie. Gracie shrugged her shoulder like she didn't want me to be here but she didn't mind either.
"Oh I'm Sally-Anne McCormic nice to meet ya." Said the blonde hair girl she reached over the table and shook my hand. Her handshake was warm and firm maybe a little too firm for a girl but who am I to judge?
"What major did you sign up for?" Sally-Anne asked me her green eyes looked at me with curiosity.
"Um... I'm not completely registered so I have to wait about two weeks to officially come here." I said. Sally-Anne looked confused.
"She don't go here yet she's followin me for today." Gracie said pointing to herself with her thumb.
All of a sudden the bell wrung. Its the end of lunch. We all got up from our tables and walked to our next classes. I turned around and realized that I lost Gracie in the crowd damn im so freaking screwed good thing the office made a copy of Gracie's schedule. I was walking through the corridor looking at the schedule but then I walked into something but when I looked up, I realized that I bumped into someone... it was Hayden.
"Oh hello their Hailey. I didn't know you went here!" Hayden said.
"I don't." I said, he gave me a confused look. "I'm shadowing Gracie Camble's schedule for today."  He reached out and took the paper from my hands and our fingers touched for a second it felt like a bolt of electricity sprung through my body. Oh my goodness girl get a hold of yourself!
"Well it looks like... we.... have..... Science together with Mr. Cameron." He said and that's when I realized that he wasn't alone. Two boys were standing next to him.
One was tall kinda buff with black hair and light brown skin. The other was a little taller than Hayden with dirty blonde hair that fell on his shoulders, he was slim not really muscular and his eyes were a perfect hazel color.
"Oh Hayden who is this?" The tall boy asked.
Hayden looked behind him at the tall one "oh sorry guys this is Hailey, Hailey this is Jaxon." He said pointing at the tall person "and this is Connor."
"Nice to meet you I said." Connor nodded his head, Jaxon took my hand and shook it to be honest I thought he pulled my arm out of my socket.
"Do we have the privilege of you walking to science with us?" Asked Jaxon, Connor rolled his eyes and giggled under his breath.
"S-sure" I said I started walking next to Hayden but Jaxon quickly snuck up and held my hand. His hand in mine sent shivers down my spine Hailey what the heck is wrong with you!
As soon as I walked in Gracie ran up to us. Her scowl, gone it was replaced with a look of concern "oh my goodness are you okay?" She said.