
When we finally reached the cemetery gates, Travis was crying. I didn't say anything to him until he reached into the back seat of the truck and grabbed a bottle of Vodka. He opened it and was about to take a sip but I grabbed the bottle out of his hand and dumped it all over him.
"What the hell is wrong with you?!" I yelled. I got out of the truck and ran I didn't even think of what I just did or what the consequences might be I just ran. By the time I got to my parents grave I was so mad at Travis I was crying.
I collapsed on my moms death stone. "Mommy I miss you so much." I said "Me and Travis are moving to another state so... this is probably the last time we get to see each other for a while. I love you both."
I got up brushing the dry dirt off my clothes I started jogging towards were I ran away from Travis but he wasn't there, instead there was a note sticking to a tree.
Hailey,I went home. Call a taxi or something to come pick ya up -Travis
"This is my luck..." I said to myself I started walking as I pulled out my phone and started looking up the number for the Taxi company I wasn't watching were I was going. I bumped into something and I looked up. He was the most attractive person I've ever seen in my entire life.
He had bark blonde hair and light blue eyes that made me think of the bluest sky his skin was tan but not too tan and he was muscular but lean at the same time. His looks where the exact definition of perfection.
I was suddenly cautious of what I was wearing. "Sorry miss I wasn't watching were I was going." He said I looked down at his hand he had his phone out as well.
"Same..." I said suddenly I thought damn Hailey thats the best you got?!
He chucked softly, all around us seemed to get lighter. "What's your name?" He asked me.
"Hailey... What's your name." I asked.
He extended his hand to shake mine "Hayden. Its a pleasure to meet you Hailey." He said smiling. He turned around and started walking away.
Dammit Hailey what are you doing go after him!
"Wait! Hayden!" I said he turned around and stopped walking I ran to catch up with him.
"Can I possibly get your number?" I asked him he chucked again and nodded he took my phone out of my phone and added himself in my contacts. He handed me my phone and I looked at it Hayden Bailey.
"Make sure to call me. I would absolutely love to hang out sometime." He said and smiled. "It was an absolute pleasure meeting you Hailey." He started walking away.
-At the party-
The music on my IPod was blaring through my speakers while all my friends were dancing in the living room. All the furniture was already at the new house so we had room for everyone. I was sitting on the dining room floor. I was wearing a red dress that was sleeveless and went down to below my knee and black leggings, I also cleaned off my Converse before the party started.
I was thinking about Hayden. I wished he was here with me right now. I thought of what we would be doing if he was here. Having small conversation, drinking Coke and laughing, telling jokes about life. I know its crazy but I kind of miss him and I haven't even known him for a half hour!
All my thoughts were disrupted by my friend Iris Manchester. "Hailey Charlotte Doson! Get your tiny microscopic butt in the living room and stop moping around!" She wined. "This is the last time were gonna see each other!"
"Don't say that or it's gonna jinx us!" I said. "And did you say my butt was microscopic?" I started laughing so hard my stomach hurt.