
And now I’m sitting on a night bus flicking through ym Ipod,Feeling kinda tired so I try to close my eyes up.                                ~ Homeless,  Ed Sheeran
The bus stops and a few people pile in. An old woman sits next to me and I smile politely which she returns. She’s slightly round and has many wrinkles around her eyes.
“Excuse me deary, have we met?” The old woman asks with a gentle, calming voice.
“I don’t think so, sorry. Although you might have seen me in The Jazz downtown? I work there.” I reply, pulling an earphone out of my ear.
“Yes I know the place. Do you sing there?” She turns slightly towards me.
“Definately not.” I smile. “I’m Blue.” I offer my hand.
“Diedry Feakes. A very unique name you have there.” She smiles warmly as she shakes my hand softly, her frail fingers having a firm grip.
“It was my mother’s last name; Dorothy Blue. “ I explain. “ She died a few weeks after I was born, she was very weak.”
“I’m sorry to hear.” She says with a look of empathy. “Do you live with your father?”
“He died when I was 16. I had to stay with my auntie for a few years before I could move out. I’m living in my old home at the moment.”
“That sounds lovely, many memories I’d imagine.” She says with admiration.
“Yes, it has an old fireplace and wooden beams. I remember breaking one of the wooden poles on the banister and I felt so guilty that I started crying. My mother had no idea what was wrong with me because I just kept crying and saying sorry!” I laugh and Mrs Feakes joins me. Her laugh is so jolly and hearty, it’s the kind that makes you beam.
She sighs happily. “Where are you off to?”
“Home. Kingscross. And you Mrs Feakes?”
“Oh no, I feel old now. Call me Diedrie. The co-op love, a bit of evening shopping.” She smiles warmly.
The bus stops again just a little down the road and a tall, lean figure runs onto the bus with his hood pulled up, covering his face. Me and Diedrie both shrug and watch his interaction with the driver. The hooded man seems frantic and rushed. The driver keeps shaking his head and gestures to the flimsy doors. I think I know what’s going on.
I excuse myself from Diedrie’s company and reach for my purse from my bag. I walk up the isle and the driver seems to notice me.
“Miss, I’m sorry but we are slightly delayed because this man cannot pay and must leave. But refuses.” He says in a clipped tone.
“Here,” I say, taking a measly £2.20 from my purse and slipping it into the ticket machine. The man sighs in relief and mutters a thank you. I reply with a swift nod as the driver looks aggravated with our exchange and his loss.
I turn and return to my seat where Diedrie has a proud smile showing off her pearly whites.
“That was a very nice thing to do, Blue. You’re very kind.” She praises. A warm feeling stirs inside me. Even if I hardly know this woman, her care makes me feel like she’s my grandmother.
“Thank you, it means a lot.”
I look up from putting my purse back in my bag to see the guy looking at me from beside me.
“I, uh-“ He looks to the group of giggling girls in the back with an empty seat next to them. There’s another next to me. In fact the only other one. I smile up at him.