
*2 years back, Jay&Ally's chaotic lives had settled down, they're babies are now 2 ^-^ the members are still going strong*
-Jungkook POV-
"Hyung!Wake up -_-" I slapped Taehyungs butt.
He groaned. "What do you want from me?"
"Get up! We got practice today."
"Tsk...so?"
"So? Is that what you say to our A.R.M.Y's that are expecting a comeback? So?"
He groaned again. "That's not what I meant -_-" he threw his pillow at me.
I chuckled. "Get up hyung...we have to go the van is waiting. You got 10 minutes."
I went to my drawer and pulled out regular comfortable clothes to move around in. With my white beanie. Then I quickly slipped on my sneakers and went to retrieve my bag.
My eyes widen. "Whoa..Tae..you get ready fast."
"Mhm. Next time don't wake me up. I'll be ready."
I smiled. "Arasso."
RM: Okay...Hobie will be joining us later. He has family stuff to take care of first.
Jin: He always puts his family first. How cute.
Suga: Yeah, hes husband material.
"Will Noona be joining us?"
Jimin: Nope! She's busy.
V: Jane should be taking care of the triplets. Ight, can we go now?
All: Ne.
Everyone stepped out, and as always cameras are around. We got in the car and I took the camera from a staff member. Time for a new bomb ^^
"Dododododo...yo Jimin!"
Jimin smiled at me and blew a kiss, I giggled.
Jimin: Jungkook why are you filming me.
"Say something to your fans, they need your love Jimin xD"
He laughed. "Saranghaeyo ^^" he smiled and did a cute expression.
I moved the camera to Suga but he gave me that 'get away from me face' so I moved on to Tae.
"Yo Taehyung, say something to your fans." I laughed.
Taehyung did this weird expression making Jin and I burst out laughing. "A.R.M.Y.... I love you all ^^ keep supporting BTS!" He said.
Okay, time to film myself.
I turned the camera facing me. "Hello! A.R.M.Y's how are you guys doing today? Right now we're on our way to rehearsal for our comeback, fighting! :) oh and.. I'm glad you are all happy my English improved so much. Now I can speak to my international fans ^^ hehe.. well uh.. Saranghaeyo (^_^) *blows a kiss*"
I turned off the camera and gave it back to the staff. I layed my head on Jin and fell asleep.
>>>>
-Rap Monster POV-
Man with our new comeback coming up, I've been under so much stress. My manager wants me to come up with a bonus song for a deluxe album like huh? -_- a Deluxe album? Why can't we just make a regular album all the fans can afford. I want all my fans to be able to listen to our music. I shook my head, too much work.
Jin: The manager said he has an announcement to make before we practice
"Mm..wonder what it is now." I sighed.