
We arrived to bighit and immediately went to the dance room to await the announcement. In the meantime, the members were chatting among themselves while I was busy making lyrics.
Manager: annyeonghaseyo!
We all get up and bow: annyeonghaseyo!
Manager: As you may know, I have an announcement to make. With your comeback releasing soon.. I found a new..... (Chuckles)
We all chuckled along.
Manager: I've assigned a new back up dancer, she's from here, Seoul. Born and raised. And she's very lovely. Please welcome Hyun-mi!
Everyone awaited the young lady to enter, as soon as she did. My eyes widen and my jaw slightly dropped. She's beautiful.. medium short brown hair, white flawless skin, thin, but she looks so good. My heart throbbed. Oh no *-*
Hyun-mi: annyeonghaseyo ...it's such an honor to meet you, I'm a huge fan! But.. I want to be friends with you guys, and hope we get along..(smiles)
Damn... I'm mad. Her smile~
Jimin: Do you have preferences? ;)
Jungkook: (slaps Jimin) what are you saying?!
Jimin: (caresses Jungkooks cheek) don't be jealous.
Hyun-mi giggled. I smiled and walked towards her.
"It's nice to meet you too, I'll look forward to working with you." I shook her hand.
She blushed and looked away, she's so cute.
Manager: I've spoken to her about the rules and new regulations. Thanks to various events, and she's well aware. So guys, please. No funny business.
Everyone laughed, Hobie walked in.
J-Hope: Sorry guys...my kids were-
He was startled when he saw Hyun-mi.
Manager: Hoseok, good to see you. Are the kids doing okay?
He nodded.
Manager: Great, well, this is your new back up dancer, Hyun-mi.
J-Hope: Oh! Haha, hi it's nice to meet you.
She smiled and shook his hand.
Hyun-mi: It's an honor to meet you! I love your kids, I watch the show. Too adorable they sure are a real pain towards you xD
Everyone laughed.
J-Hope: Hehe yeah...but what can I do? I love them.
She smiled. Ughhhhhh~
Manager: Okay, I'll leave you guys to it. Hyun-mi, please follow me. I'll show you around.
She nodded.
Hyun-mi: annyeong! ..I'll see you guys soon.
All: annyeong! Hyun-mi! ^^
-leaves-
Jungkook: That noona is so beautiful...I think I'm in love.
Suga: Bahahaha xD relax maknae, she's way out of your league.
Jimin: Yeah, not to mention you're still a minor.
Jungkook: -_- I'm taller than most of you. And I'm 23!
All: So? Shut up maknae!
V: Remember what the manager said? New rules and regulations? Ever since Ally and Hobie happened....yeah...