
V: But Suga isn't here.
"He doesn't have to be here."
Jin: What about when his part comes up?
"We can show Hyun-mi ^^"
She giggled.
Jungkook: Fine with me.
We got into position and started doing what we do best. I kept smiling at Hyun-mi as she watched us. When Suga's part came we showed her the footwork he does and learned quickly. I was surprised, no wonder she was hired instantly. She's a pro. The routine was over and we replayed the song but this time we just danced like maniacs. As if we were in a night club.
-Manager walks in with Suga&Jane-
Manager: YA!
Everyone stopped and I immediately went over to stop the music.
Manager: What is going on here?!
Jane shook her head in disbelief.
Hyun-mi: Sir...I'm..
Manager: You should know better! You signed a contract! And you guys! What the hell?! You're here to work not fool around? Psh..this is absurd. I introduce you guys to a new dancer and you guys completely forget the consequences in getting to know her. Must I remind you what could happen?
J-Hope: Sir..it's not her fault.
Manager: I didn't ask that! Do you need me to remind you all what could happen?!
All: -Silence-
Manager: Well then, everyone. Have a seat, even you Hyun-mi.
Jane: Sir-
Manager: Get the TV.
Everyone lightly groaned. Sometimes our manager can be a little hard on us.
Jane rolled in a TV and played that upsetting video.
Everything Ally & Hoseok went through flashed through, like everything. From the gunshots...to the hospital visits. The fandom going insane...interviews. I glanced at Hobie and his eyes were watery, he got up and left he room. Hyun-mi was in tears as well, I looked away, why does he do this to us?
-TV turns off-
Manager: Bring back any memories?
Jimin: You didn't need to go that low..
Manager: Yes. I did. Because all those events had a major effect on you guys and the company. It was totally chaos! I could never let it happen again.
Everyone stayed silent.
Manager: Continue what you were doing. Hyun-mi, I'll escort you out. You shouldn't be here socializing.
She nodded and followed him out.
-door slams shut-
Jungkook: Are you happy now? (Glaring at Suga)
Suga: I didn't bring him here.
Jin: Oh. Because that wasn't you walking in with him. Okay.
Suga: I swear I was walking back and he was already outside the door looking through the window!
Jane: He's not lieing.. I'm sorry you all had to see that..
"Mm. Whatever. It's not a big deal."
V: God I hate that video..
Jungkook: It so scary..