
When Chase pulled up to the gate, he showed his pass and ID. The guy at the gate asked if this car was staying with Chase all weekend or for the night. Chase just said for a few hours and drove in. "So what do you think of my proposal for tomorrow?" He put the car in park and pulled the keys out and slipped them - attached to my 'T' keychain, into his pocket. "Uh, what are you doing with those keys?" I asked as he got out and then quickly opened my door. "I'm keeping them for now." He just smirked at me. He put his hand on the small of my back and lead me to his RV. He opened the door for me - geeze was it a nice RV. It was pretty basic earthy and tan colors, there was a few pictures on the walls. Him, his mom and dad, and his team at victory lane from his first win. Another team picture in victory lane celebrating his nationwide championship. There was a few pictures of him at family gatherings, him with his dad when his dad was racing. A picture of Dale Earnhardt holding baby Chase. "Aww!" I pointed to the picture of baby Chase and Dale Earnhardt Sr. as he and I walked by. He was showing me where his bedroom was, the bathroom was, the little kitchen and sitting area. "Yeah, I have that picture up because it shows a legend and baby me - who knew I actually was going to make it to the big leagues like him?"I looked him him, then I took in a breath, I was a little shocked. When I turned to face Chase, it was standing really close behind me. Then he leaned in really close. Was this it? Was I actually going to-"Let's watch a movie" he interupted my thoughts as he whispered in my ear and then pulled away. He put his arm over my head so he was leaning against the wall my back was against. "What movie?" I whispered back. "Any movie you'd like, I have Netflix and I have actually a lot of movies on DVD's in the cabinet below the TV." Why were we whispering?"Sure, first can I run out to my car? If you don't mind I'd like to change out of my clothes into something more comfy." I was talking regularly now. "I'll run out an get your bag for you. Tell me what bag or what ever and I'll get it. Stay here, I don't what you getting caught out there by any security and not have a pass." He flashed his right wrist and you saw a bright green band on."Oh thanks. Well the trunk of my car is a little messy right now. There is some of Anna's bags because she's spending the weekend at my house. And then there is my bag packed from last weekend and next weekend for Friday nights, Saturday nights, and Sunday afternoons when I spend all day at school. For pit band, the band that plays along with the theater kids in the spring musical.""Okay, well you could borrow a sweatshirt or something of mine then if you don't want me to go to your car.""Um," I looked down at what I was wearing; skinny dark wash jeans, a dark blue and white short sleeve shirt and white Keds. I just don't feel like wearing jeans anymore. "What are you offering?""Come on" he took my hand and lead me past the bathroom door was, down a little narrow hallway and we stopped at the door leading to his bedroom. On the left wall of the little hallway, every now and then there was a sliver indent in the wooden wall - little handle things. Chase unclipped one and open it up and moved to the side to show me what was inside the cabinet thing. It was a little closet. On the left side there was one of those shelf things that you could hang in your closet that had sweatshirts folded in each little cubby. Then he had shirts hanging up on hangers, after that there was another hanging thing with sweatpants and jeans folded in each cubby. To the right of the second hanging shelf, was jerseys: hockey, baseball, football and basketball.