
It's was a Thursday evening and my friend Anna and I had just walked out of school to our cars.
"Five o'clock and the the sun is still bright - it's nice you know, that means summers almost here and no school!" Anna said as she went to unlock her mom's blue Prius.
"Ew, I can't believe you actually don't mind being seen in a Prius!" I joked as I went to unlock my mom's deep red Chevrolet Equinox. My mom drives a newer car, a deep red GMC Denali, so I happily drive her 5 year old Equinox.
"Oh stop! It gets really good gas milage! And you know my parents usually make me pay for my own gas!"
"Yes Anna!" I said as I stuck out my tounge and place my backpack into the back seat of my car. I said her name like Anna from the movie Frozen. Even though we aren't really sisters - we act like we are ever since freshman year - when we dresses up like Anna (she was Anna) and Elsa (I was Elsa.)
"Taylor! You know how to say my name!" She snapped at me but she couldn't fake being mad at me as she laughed sticking her tongue out at ME.
"Sorry Anna" as I said her name like Ann-ah. "You know," I leaned against the closed driver side door, "the only thing I miss about middle school was that after school ended at four thirty in the after noon. Now we stay until five."
"It's not too bad" she shrugged her shoulders.
"So, my parents are up in Dover Delaware shopping at Sam's Club, {[its like a Wal Mart but you buy things in bulk and its a little less expensive!]} you want to just get in my car and meet them for dinner in Middletown? Since middle town really is only about fourth five minutes away from our school..?" I suggested.
"Well.." Anna trailed off thinking about it.
"Oh come on, you're mom wouldn't mind. Doesn't your little brother have a baseball game or something this evening anyway?"
"Well he's not that little, he's only a year younger than us! Andrew does have a game this evening though, And I guess mom wouldn't mind..."
"Alright so there you go! I'll just give my mom a call and when she as my dad are done shopping they can drive to Middletown and meet up with us!"
"Okay, wait, should I just leave my stuff in my car?"
"Yeah, Anna just give your dad a call to let him know what we are going to do and so when your brother's baseballs game is over, with the spare keys he can pick up your car while we're out. I can drop you off at your house later. Before we make any calls, where would you like to go to dinner?"
"Hmm, Texas Roadhouse?"
"I haven't been there in awhile, sure!"
"Okay, let's both call out parents." Anna said as walked around my car and got into the passenger side.
I started my car and used the Bluetooth in the car to call my mom, she didn't have a problem with the idea and said she'd call us when they were leaving Dover and heading into Middletown. Anna then called her mom who had no problem with Anna joining my parents and myself for dinner.
"Oh wanna spend the night at my house?" I suggested as we made our way down the road.
"Taylor I feel bad! I'm already spending the night Saturday to Sunday because you're all into Nascar that you're insisting I must to to atleast one race in my life!"
"Yeah so Saturday is your first XFinity race and Sunday is your first Sprint Cup race! And you don't need to worry about it, it's not like we'll be going to school with eachother tomorrow. We have silly precessional development day tomorrow and Monday!! So we have a four day weekend! And you always over pack when you're staying at someone's house for one night. You act like you're staying for a whole week!"
"I know, we totally needed this four day weekend! Staying after school all these days and all this week has been is in school performances - we need the break!" Anna was referring to needing a break from the spring musical. We don't act at all - we both play in the band, we provide the music for the theater kids to sing along to. But no - we most certainly aren't band geeks. Anna plays softball, not this year though, we both did volley ball and I was on the swim team. I opted out of the swim team this year, however, every summer I do a competitive swim team camp thing.