
All of the sudden I heard my phone going off. Ew - the alarm - really? I feel like I just closed my eyes! I quickly picked up my phone from my side table and swiped to turn off that aweful marimba tune. I sat up and looked at Anna - still sleeping. She sleeps though practically everything, I could drop all the pots and pans in the kitchen on the tile floor and she'd still be asleep!So I pushed my sheet and pink blanket with cupcakes on it off and I got out of bed. I fixed my bed up real quick so I basically made my bed with out the bed spread. "Anna" I said a little softer than normal volume of my voice. Nothing. She didn't even flinch. "Anna" I said slightly louder. I got on my knees and shook her shoulders, "Anna!" "Taylor" she said groggily and started rubbing her eyes. "You sleep like a frickin rock!" I said as I got up off the floor. She got up off the air mattress and we both walked in to my bathroom. For some odd reason I had double sinks in my bathroom so we both brushed our teeth at the same time. I brushed my hair and I popped my contacts in. Anna in the other hand wears glasses sometimes; like if we're in the back of the class and there is really small writing on the board.
"You still want to go to the donut shop?" "Even though I argued I wanted to I'm craving bagels right now - lets go there tomorrow!"We both walked down stairs to the kitchen. I took two plain bagels out of the bag they were in, sliced it and I put them in the toaster. While they were toasting I took the butter out of the fridge and put it in the microwave for about fifteen seconds. Just enough for the butter to be soft to spread quickly on the toasted bagel. Anna was slicing two bananas when the toaster popped up. I quickly took the butter and buttered the bagels, on one side of the bagels it got whipped plain cream cheese. On the other side of the bagel it got peanut butter and Anna put the slices of banana in the peanut butter side. We talked around the peninsula counter and sat at the kitchen table.
"So," Anna started as she was half done with the cream cheese side of the bagel. "Ryan wants to take me out to dinner tonight then he'd drive me back here.""Oh, so do you want to shop for anything like fancy-ish? I would like to stop in Tommy Hilfiger today""Ugh Taylor you and your fancy sailor looking clothes! You don't even go sailing!""I did..""I'm sorry" she stopped talking for a second. I used to be on a sailing team - for our high school's rival -our high school doesn't have a sailing team. I met this this boy on the sailing team and I dated him last year and that summer. We'd always go sailing together and it would be fun too - we'd have picnics on the water sometimes. But the truth was he was just using me to get an internship with a family friend. Our family friend owns a huge boating company and was going to give my boyfriend at the time - his name was Tyler, an internship. But when Tyler heard that I was going to get the internship and not him he pushed me off the sail boat. He crashed my sail boat and tried to hurt me in the process. I quit the sailing team and I haven't been sailing since, or even out on the water.
"So," I said in a happy tone trying to change the subject and put it back on a happy note. "I was thinking of bringing Chase home here and having him meet my family."She let out a laugh, "When you say you're bringing home Chase Elliott your family won't believe you!"I giggled too - what a sight to see - the looks on their faces will be so funny! "I know - it's going to be funny to see their reactions!" "So anyway - any stores you specifically you want to go to?" Se asked me as she took a bite of her peanut butter and banana side of her bagel. "I said Tommy Hilfiger because I get their bras and bootyshorts underwear..""Oh my gosh some of their bras are so cute!""Yeah, um anyway, I need some more foamy hand soap from Bath and Body Works but we'll get that on the way to the mall because then I can get the employee discount at the Bath and Body Works I work at.""Oh my mom's birthday is next week and she saw this one Coach purse and I was going to get it for her - can you buy it and I'll pay you? I mean your employee discount is really great there when everything is so expensive!""Sure, we can go there after Bath and Body Works! And then we can go to some clothing stores. We have to go to Kolh's before the mall because my mom gave me her Kohl's cash to use.""Oh wait, let's go to Kohl's in Dover. We can do that when Chase and Ryan are doing practice runs so we don't just watch their numbers nervously bounce all around on that number board thing.""Anna - you actually know what happens during practice runs?! I thought you knew nothing about Nascar!"Her face went red, "Ryan explained to me." She said quietly.I laughed a little , "Ohh, of course! I mean you didn't even want to come to the race with me this weekend. Now aren't you glad you are? All this probably wouldn't have happened!""I am - and not all the drivers are like thirty to fourty some years old..""Hmm I told you!" I laughed at her as I took our paper plates from the table and walked around to the trash can to throw them away. I picked up my glass of refrigerated Starbucks and Anna's plastic bottle of Cran-Apple juice and I trashed those empty bottles as well.