
When I finally made my way back to my seat, I saw the boy I was talking to previously smiling at me. "That was a really nice thing you did""What? That was your idea not mine.""Yeah but you're the one who took action, and chose the right person." I couldn't help but smile at his comment. All the sudden there was a red light in his left hand. His buzzer was going off. "Wait, you have to change the party number don't you?" I asked looking up at him. He was standing now but there was still a shadow over his face so I still haven't gotten a good look at him. "I did that while you were giving your buzzer to someone else""Oh, okay!" He then stretched out his right hand, offering me to take it. I do. And as he and I walked away, Anna followed us, still looking at her phone.
The hostess walked the three of us back to our table. "My mom and dad are coming, my mom texted me and said she left something in the car and I think my friend Ryan went to the bathroom"I shook my head, acknowledging I understood as I sat down in the booth after Anna sat down. I sat next to her so she was on my right again, she was next to the wall. As I looked up at the boy, his parents and friend walked up behind him. Now that we were in the light, my jaw nearly fell to the floor, but I somehow managed to keep my mouth from falling open. Holy shit - and excuse my language, but that boy I've been talking to this evening has been Chase Elliott. As in the race car driver - Chase Elliott. Holy shit. "I haven't formally introduced myself, I'm Chase Elliott" he stretched out his right hand and shook mine. "I'm Taylor, Taylor Williams" I smiled and then his parents shook my hand. "It's wonderful to meet you Taylor! Thank you for joining us for dinner!" His mom said. Wow. I feel like I'm on cloud nine but also still in shock. "It's nice to meet you Taylor, great to have you join us for dinner!" His dad said. "Hi Taylor, I'm Ryan Blaney!" He shook my hand and then sat down in the booth. Across the table from Anna. "Hi I'm Anna!" She waved to Ryan. "It's so nice to meet you Anna," He reached for her hand and shook it. He held it a little longer than he should have. "So you and Taylor friends, I assume?" "Yes! Hahaha, she drove us up here for dinner!"