
Once we were all seated in the large booth, sitting the six of us. My side went Anna, myself, and to my left Chase was sitting next to me. Across from me it went: Ryan - sitting across from Anna, Chase's mom - sitting across from me, and then Chase's dad. So as we all looked over the menu Chase's parents asked Anna and I a lot of questions. Like where we're from, what school do we go to, how old we are. I'm 16, because I have a late summer birthday, August fourth. And Anna is 17 because her birthday is early January, the sixth. While Chase's parents and Ryan were talking to Anna and asking her questions, Chase - on my left leaned into me. "Order anything you want - anything. We'll take care of it" he whispered to me. "No, that makes me feel so bad that you're going to pay for me!" I whispered to him. "Well I don't want to make you feel bad but it's my treat, heck order a thirty doller meal - it's not a big deal""Chase! I can't even eat that much! I'll get my usual appetizer.""But Taylor," he leaned in slightly more closer and put his right hand on my leg, right above my knee. "That's only ten dollars and barely anything to eat!""I don't eat like I'm a vaccum and everything I see I consume. The boneless buffalo wings are just enough!" I stuck my tounge out at him. He just laughed and shook his head and leaned away a little bit. But he left his hand on my leg. "So Taylor, what are you and Anna doing in Middletown if you're from a small town in Maryland?" Chase's dad asked. I explained that we had just came straight from after school to come get dinner here and that Anna and I were going to come back to Delaware this weekend for the races. They all smiled with approval. "Do you have hot passes?" Ryan asked. "Oh, no. My parents paid for my tickets and I didn't want them for pay for that too they're expensive." Anna nodded in agreement. Chase squeezed my leg, "You and Anna can meet me somewhere outside the track and I'll get you two in the garage and you can even sit in my pit box in you want." He smiled at me. I couldn't help but smile real big. "Anna, if you'd like, you can sit in my pit box" Ryan gave Anna a flirty smile.
Shortly our food was delivered and our table for quiet for a few minutes. Then we all started conversations withen ourselves. Ryan and Anna were talking across the table to eachother and Chase's parents were talking to eachother. And Chase turned to me, "So what are you doing after dinner this evening?""I need to drive home with Anna, other than that nothing. What did you have in mind?""You want to come back to my RV with me?""What about Anna?""I'm more than ninety nine percent sure Ryan is asking her.""Okayy, than sure. But what about my car here?""I'll drive it back to the track, unless you want to drive. Ryan drove here separately so he'll probably take Anna back sperately and my parents and I drove here together so they can go back in their car!"I laughed, "Wow, you got this figured out. And you can drive my car to the track.""I was only thinking about it for a minute. And God, I only pray your car isn't a Prius!""Hahaha no! Anna drives a Prius, I have a Chevrolet Equinox. It's a deep red." "Not bad, I was hoping you weren't going to say something insane like a yellow smart car!""Oh gosh if I had a smart car, I couldn't fit anything it the trunk! Anna is staying the weekend at my house. Well tonight, Friday night, Saturday and Sunday night, and she has her huge duffle bag in my car and then I have some of my clothes in a bag in my car because this morning we were still deciding who's house we were going to spend the weekend at." I got a big laugh from him.