
As it got a little later and the fireworks were going to start soon, Chase and I walked to the grassy field right next to the track where cars usually park. He stopped and pulled out car keys and all of the sudden a black Chevrolet SUV light up. "Chase, is this your car?"He shrugged like it wasn't a big deal that this was a brand new 2015 car. "Yeah I bought it but dad sometimes drives it up to races is they aren't too far from home. But come on, get in!" He smiled as he opened the passenger door for me. When he got in the car I asked, "Where are we going?""I won today babe! Have you not seen that insurance commercial that says sprinkles are for winners? We're going for ice cream!""Ice cream? Like..Where?""Last year Ryan, Bubba, and I did some exploring and found this little ice cream place, like a mom and pop store. They have homemade ice cream that they make like every week. It is soo good!""Alright, since you're the champ, I'll pay.""No you won't, you're the princess here." He looked over and smiled at me, then reached over with his right hand and rested it on the inside of my leg just a few inches below my knee.
When we got to the small ice cream place - which was so cute and decorated in a light green and cream color scheme - Chase ended up getting a chocolate mixed with mini M&M's kiddie sugar cone coated in sprinkles. I got a cotton candy kiddie cup with mini M&M's mixed into the ice cream like Chase got. Chase and I sat outside the ice cream place at a little table and chair set. I moaned a little, "This is the best ice cream I have ever had!""I know! They have the best country vanilla ice cream. I know, vanilla is boring but their vanilla actually has flavor. It's amazing!" Chase agreed that this was amazing ice cream. Chase finished his ice cream kiddie come pretty quickly, so when I was nearing the end of my kiddie cone, Chase and I got back into his SUV and we started to drive some where but not back to the track. "Where are we going?" I asked while licking some ice cream in my little cone."Fireworks don't start until after sunset, so, I'm taking you some where to watch the sunset."I smiled, he has his typical teenage boy side but he sure has a gentleman side too. "That's sweet." I leaned over to the driver's seat and gave him a quick kiss on the lips. "Hmm, you're sweet. I can taste the cotton candy." He said then we fell into a comfortable silence. The only sounds were the occasional crunching every time I took a bite of my cone. That is until we got to this long empty back road into the woods. "Where the heck..um love, do you even know where we're going?""Babe," Chase turned to me. "Trust me." He said with a little cocky smile playing on his lips. We finally came to an opening to a corn field but the corn was just starting to grow from the ground - it was barely six inches tall. But on our right and left sides were woods (not dense at all), behind us was the road we just traveled on and in front of us was the short corn. Chase parked the car with the front facing the road and the back to the corn field. "This is where we're watching the sunset. I'm glad you didn't notice but I have blankets and pillows all laid out in the back and trunk area. I but the back seats down so we have a big area to lounge together and watch the sun." Chase blushed a little - he actually put a good amount of thought into this. We were still sitting in the passenger and drivers seats, I turned to him, "You're the best." I never thought I could smile so big.As I was taking my last bite of the kiddie come some ice cream got on the tip of my nose and I could feel it all over my lips. Chase laughed at me, "Thanks princess, and you're the best too." He unbuckled my seat belt and leaned over to me and kissed me. I felt him bite my bottom lip a little, then all of the sudden he picked me up out of the passenger seat and he put me in his lap. I opened my eyes and pulled back from the kiss a little. I watched his eyes darken like they did earlier. "I said it before, I'll give myself to you  anytime you're ready."I kissed his neck, "And I'll will do the same but may be not in a car." I smirked. He gave the smirk right back and rolled his eyes playfully then went back to kissing me again. He started licking my lips, oh my gosh he was licking the ice cream off!"I know this sounds so cheesy, but you in these short shorts..God" he closed his eyes real tight for a second then opened them and we were looking each other  in the eyes again. Both our gazes look down to his hands on my thighs. I was straddling his lap, my left knee was jamming into his seatbelt buckle and my other knee was sandwiched between the door. But I really couldn't feel or care, at least for now, the discomfort of the space when his hands were on my thighs slowly drifting upwards. "It's like they didn't know people would be sitting in the front seat for hardcore make out sessions. They could have at least added a little more leg room." I smiled. The edge of Chase's mouth lifted into a confident smirk, "Weird. When I was purchasing a car I didn't take into account the amount of make out space afforded by the front seat. I should have asked the salesman to climb into my lap during the test drive.""Whoa, I didn't know you were into that kind of stuff." I gave him a look that said 'how annoyed would you be if I stopped and got off you right now'I felt Chase's grip get a little more firm on my thighs and he pushed me harder into his lap. His eyes grew even darker. I felt him growing under my left thigh. I smirked, I knew exactly what I was going to do. I started sighing and I felt him growing even more under my thigh. Then I started kissing, sucking and licking his neck while running my fingers through his hair at the same time. "T-Ta-Taylor" he said in a deeper voice than usual. I smirked to myself, what I'm doing will probably earn me payback later though. I kissed him, as I did that I pulled on his hair a little bit and sat all the way on his lap. I wasn't supporting my self on my knees anymore. He broke the kiss and threw his head back and sneezed my thighs with his hands. Then as quickly as it began it was over. I hopped off his lap and got back to the passenger seat, buckled up and ready to go. I admit, I felt a little guilty when I saw Chase's face. He looked so lost and confused and slightly frustrated. But I was sitting there on my phone going through my Twitter acting like what whole make out session never happened. I just.. I had to. It defiantly was going to lead to more. "Wha..?" Chase asked all confused. "Come on! We need to get a good spot to watch the fireworks!" I smiled at him. "Uh," he ran his fingers through his hair, "Okaayyy..."Poor boy, I left him confused and turned on. I felt bad, before we started driving back to the track he had to adjust his pants because of "a little problem" and I had to pretend I was looking out the window and didn't see.