
~Point of View Changed Back To Normal ~Taylor's Point Of View~As soon as it started raining, I ran to get to the garage. I knew Chase was in there so I was started to walk towards there to go talk to him but then it started raining. By the time I got to Chase's garage stall my hair was wet like I had just gotten out of the shower. My sheer tank top was also so wet that it clung to the white cami tank top underneath - which clung to my stomach and bra which was soaked. My jean short shorts had gotten so wet they were just heavy and clung to my legs - it have even soaked through to my underwear. I'm just greatful I had gone shopping today so I have dry brand new bras and underwear and clothes in my car. But right now I was wet and cold. As soon as Chase's mom saw me, she quickly got me a towel - Chase was climbing out of his car. As soon as he saw me he walked over to me. "You're drenched! Why didn't you just stay there instead of walking back here?"I shrugged, "We don't get to see eachother a lot so the time we have near eachother we nights as well spend it together."He just smiled and wrapped his arms around me waist and but his chin on the top of my head. "Taylor don't say that""Chase! You're getting all wet! Stop hugging me!""Don't 'Chase' me, you know you like me hugging you baby girl" What?! Did he just call me his baby girl?!He kissed my nose and then took the towel his mom just brought over and wrapped it around me. "What did you do?!" Chase's mom asked when she saw her son's firesuit was wet. "Nothing""I guess I should get you a towel too" she walked back into the garage, away from the opening area where we were. Just as Mrs. Elliott walked up to Chase with a towel, it stopped raining. "I guess you'll go out for round two of practice a half an hour late." His mom said then walked away. "You going to stay and watch or go to my mobile home and dry off and change?""I'll stay.""You going to be in my pit box?""Sure!""Then you need this!" He finished whipping his chest - still wearing his fire suit - and wrapped that towel around me too. Then laced his left hand through my right. I laughed, "So, after your finished with practice rounds, you wouldn't mind if I took a shower before we went to dinner right?" He smirked and squeezed my hand. "Chase! Seperatly!""I know but hey, I'm a teenage boy - what do you honestly expect, Taylor?""You're right - what was I thinking?" I was just smiling trying to hold in a laugh. "So, do you have shampoo and stuff? Because I hate to inform you - you are welcome to my shampoo - but you'll end up smelling like a guy.""No I'm good thanks, I have ditty-bag sized shampoo. It's so cute and mini.""Of course you do, are you always prepared with stuff all the time?""Yes actually," he laughed at me, "People at school sometimes call me mom""Why mom?""Because in my backpack I'm always prepared with band aids, Neosporin, handsantizer, hand warmers, extra pencils, extra lead for mechanical pencils, clean pair of black socks..""Black socks?""We always needed black socks that came up to mid shin for marching band. I know - band again, stupid. But with our uniforms we always had to have black socks and I always had an extra pair with me just incase I didn't have my regular pair in my other bag with my clothes for practice and stuff.""You seem to be really prepared like all the time."I laughed, "Usually"
After talking with Chase for a little bit he got the call that the track is dry and round two of practice starts in twenty minutes. "Alright - I'll be back in a little bit before I have to get into my car." He kissed my nose and went to go talk to his crew chief. Shortly after Chase walked away, my phone rang. It was my brother. "Hey""Hey""So..?""Nothing, I was just calling to let you know I'm near home this weekend.""I know, mom told me. She said your going to be at home for dinner tonight?""Yeah, Tyler, Alex, Kyle, Morgan and Lauren are going to just crash in our hotel room tonight and get room service.""Alex? And hahaha ew, I guess that explains why you're coming home tonight for a home cooked meal""Alex, the blonde boy who you were talking to at the basketball and hockey games at my school when you came to visit me in early March.""Ohh, yeah he's cute.""Taylor stop," he laughed at me. "You need to chill." He always teased me because I always make a comment to him when I see a cute guy. "Don't tell me what to do, Zachary! You wanna fight?!" He knows I'm always kidding with I say that - I mean considering I'm only 5'2" and I struggle opening some doors..."So do you know what's for dinner?" I asked. "Oh yeah, Grams {what we call our grandmother who lives with us} said we're having crab cakes. I showed Alex how to crab today so yeah.""Alex didn't want to stay for dinner?""He was too tired. Actually he took a shower here and crashed in one of the guest rooms. He said don't wake him. So I'll wake him up after dinner and I'll drive him back to the hotel we're all staying at.""Ohh - so, um can you tell mom I'm having a friend over for dinner?""Anna, right?""No, she's got a date tonight. So after her date she's coming back to our house but I'm having a different friend.""Who?""I'll introduce you when they're at our house.""Taylor!""I'll tell you later!""Wait - where are you?" Zachary asked when someone dropped tools in the grage behind me. "Oh I'm at the track.""In Dover?! I thought you and Anna were going shopping today?""We did earlier. But now we're at the track.""Just sitting in the stands watching qualifying?""Honey! I'm glad you know what that is!""Well you talk about it enough...""But no qualifying today, it's just practice rounds.""So you're just sitting in the stands watching and it's not even a real race? I really don't get why you like Nascar.""I know you don't understand, and I'm not sitting in the stands.""Where are you?!""The garage.""Like where the cars get worked on before a race?""Yup.""Taylor, what are you doing there?! Where did you get the money for those passes?!""Zachary, I didn't get the money - I got passes from my friend.""Who the heck is this friend?! Taylor, you know you shouldn't talk to strangers!""They're not a stranger.""Hmm - sounds like it to me. Does mom know who this person is?""Yes.""So why can't you tell me?!""I will!" I could practically see him rolling his eyes in frustration at me even though this was just a phone call. "Zachary, just please don't get mad at me or mention this to mom.""Why shouldn't I?""Please? Trust me on this."After I heard him let out a long sigh, "Fine.""Thank you! I love you honey.""I love you too. I love you more.""I love you to the moon and back""I love you past the moon and stars babe. See you later." And with that our phone call was ended.