
Chase walked me to the garage stalls, first one we came up to was Kevin Harvick. "Good morning!" Chase said as Kevin Harvick walked over to us. "Hey! So is this the lovely Miss Taylor?" "Yes sir!"Kevin Harvick turned to me and shook my hand. "It is s pleasure to meet you. Mrs. Elliott told me a little bit about you, you sound like a busy and wonderful person!"It took me a moment but I found my voice, "Thank you! It's so great to meet you!""No problem! Would you like a picture?""Please!" Wait! Where's my phone?! Did I leave it in the golf cart?! I looked at Chase with panic in my eyes and the Chase held up my iPhone in his hand. Bless him. So Chase took a picture of myself and Kevin Harvick then one of Mr. Harvick's crew members took a picture of the three of us, Chase, Mr. Harvick and myself, on my phone. Chase and I made our way through the garage, first it was Kevin Harvick, then Martin Truex Jr., Kurt Busch, Joey Lagano, Matt Kenseth, Kasey Kahne (he's even cuter in person!), Ryan Newman, Aric Almirola, Paul Menard, Jimmie Johnson (Amazing! He's my second favorite driver!) Danica Patrick, Dale Jr. (Which was awesome!), Carl Edwards and then we walked into Jeff Gordon's garage stall. "No way." "Come on," Chase said as he gave me a little shove into the garage stall. "He's your favorite driver - how could I not?"I turned around to face Chase, I gave him a quick kiss on the lips. "You are amazing and have officially made my day, more like my life! Thank you so so so much!!!""Good morning Mr. Elliott!" Jeff Gordon said as we walked up to him. "Good morning sir!""Ah and you much be Taylor!"I don't know how I managed to answer but I answered him back, "Yes! It is such an honor to meet you!" I shook his hand."The pleasure is all mine. It's great to meet you! I've heard you've been a fan ever since you could sit up by yourself in front of the TV." He smiled and laughed a bit. I on the other hand blushed. "Haha yes sir!"So we continued to chat for a little while I was in complete harmony. Then I got my picture taken with Mr. Jeff Gordon. Can you believe it?! I got my picture taken with Jeff Gordon!! Like THE Jeff Gordon!!! Then I got a picture with Jeff, Chase and myself. "And I know Mr. Elliott has some gifts for you but I also got you a gift Miss. Taylor." Jeff Gordon got me a gift?! I'm dead. Officially dead. Like I'm so far on cloud nine I can't even function! And pretty sure this smile is like permanent on my face now!"I got you an Axalta firesuit jacket that's the pain scheme of my last race in Homestead. And I autographed it for you." He smiled at me. My face was going to start hurting from my constant smiling. I looked at the fire suit. It looked like it was specially made for me. On the back it said Gordon like a football jersey would have the player's last name. And near the bottom of the back it had my name, Taylor Williams, embroidered. And on the sleeves, along with the flames it said 'One Last Ride' on the left arm and on the right it said 'Enjoy The Ride'"Thank you so so much!" I put the jacket on and it looked great with my white skinny jeans. It could almost pass as a Firesuit...from a distance. So I got another picture with Jeff Gordon with my fire suit jacket. And then when we were saying goodbye I got a hug! I hugged my favorite driver ever!I'm pretty sure my life is like Complete!