
After we showered - I managed to get all the rubber off my arms, legs and it was even on my face a little! Chase and I got dressed in casual clothes - I just wanted to get out of the clothes is been sweating in and had Gatorade poured all over.
Chase was wearing khaki cargo shorts and a dark blue t-shirt that said Jr. Motorsports in the left near the shoulder. I on the other hand had dark wash Jean short shorts and a light pink tank top with white lettering that read "Blondes Are The Best". When I put that on Chase turned around from the mirror in the bathroom and smiled at me, "You got that right." He walked a few feet over to where I was standing in the bathroom. He placed his hands on my waist and kissed my nose. "You're perfect." "Thank you, but no I'm not." I smiled at him. I traced his abs through his shirt with my index finger. "Now you on the other hand.." I smiled up at him. "But you are perfect, from the tips of your perfect blonde curls to your cute nose to your cute little blue painted toes. I love you." He kissed my nose again. "I love you too." I gave him a quick kiss on the lips. "Now come on, I need to get my shoes on, and so you you. We need to do that walk for Autism Speaks. It starts in a half an hour. But we have to get ready for the ceremonies before it starts." I said lacing my fingers through his and pulling Chase out the bathroom door down the hall into the kitchen/living room area. I slipped on my white Keds and Chase put on grey Nike running shoes with a red check mark on the side. "Hey! I just won a race and that's all I get as congratulations from you? A 'hurry up we gotta go'?" Chase teasingly asked me. I look him straight in the eyes, "I did more than that." I said in all seriousness. I want him to really know that I'm not playing around in this relationship- I really think I love him and I want this to be real and work out.I watched his brown eyes grow dark and as he spoke his voice sounded deeper. "Taylor," he grabbed my hand, "I love you. I love you to the moon and back a thousand times. And what you did, I did, to me that's a step in the direction of making love. I'd call it that because I really love and care for you. Yeah I'm young with hormones but I have self control. And when I'm with you - I would do, give or get anything for you." "I love you too." I smiled up at him and hugged him.
After the amazing walk which befitted a great cause I was super hungry and so was Chase. "I'm so hungry,""Same here, would you like some food at the concessions or I have some food in my Motorhome we could even maybe make something..?" Chase asked me. "Um, the concession food is fine, but let's go back to the RV, I left me wallet in there.""Nah, I got this." He smiled at me and kissed my nose. "What would you like?""Um, a cheese burger and a bottle of water please!""That's it?" He cocked his head in question. "Yeah that will suit me!"Chase and I waited in line and he ordered, "Hi, can I get two cheese burgers, no pickles,one fry and two bottles of water." "That will be twenty one dollars please."Chase got out his wallet and got out a twenty and a five and then proceed to be handed four dollars in change. He and I got our food and walked up to a tall table where you stand at. And we set out food and water bottles down. "Geeze one thing - the food is pretty over priced!" Chase said. "Yeah, but the fries are super good!" I said. "Yeah?" Chase raised an eye brow in question then fed me a french fry. We both laughed after I ate it, he kept putting the fry really close to my mouth then pulling away.
After we finished eating Chase asked me if I wanted to walk around. "Let's go to the fun zone!" I smiled like a six year old and grabbed his hand. "Wait!" He said as I tug him in the direction of the fan zone. "Taylor, Princess, isn't that for like little kids?!""Well I mean during the day! But I don't think there is many little kids here this late. And adults go on it every now and then do the moon bounce and the moon bounce obstacle course is okay for us to go on!" I said while walking up to the adult to was managing who all was going into the moon bounce. The guy managing the moon bounce looked bored and was sitting in a folding chair waiting for people. I was right - not too many little ones here at this hour. They all had to leave with mommy and daddy - especially if they're coming to the race tomorrow, they need their rest. "No one is in there, you can go in ma'am." He smiled at me. "Thank you!" I smiled back and gave Chase's hand, that was still laced with mine, a tug. "I don't want to be a bother or anything but, sir, are you...?""Yes sir, I'm Chase Elliott, nice to meet you!" Chase smiles and stuck out his other hand that wasn't holding mine. The guy looked at little shocked at first then smoke it off and smoke Chase's hand. "It is such a pleasure to meet you! I'm a huge fan of yours and I was a huge fan of yours dads as well!""Well thank you sir for your support, it really means a lot." "Well anyway, I'm probably interrupting date night eah?" The guy gave me a small smile. "As I said I hate to be a bother so you two have a great evening! Enjoy the fireworks later!" The guy called out as we climbed into the moon bounce.