
After shopping all morning Anna and I loaded my car with out shopping bags. Her shopping bags were in the trunk of my car and my shopping bags were on the floor in the back seat of my car. Thank goodness I don't have a a little tiny car like a smart car - a Chevrolet Equinox is a descent size. My car has enough room to fit shopping bags and every now and then a duffel bag or two when my parents and I drive up north to visit my brother at college!
So I just drive straight from the track from the mall. As I was coming across the Bay Bridge to come back onto the Eastern Shore of Maryland I got a phone call. My car has Bluetooth hooked up with my phone. I looked down at the toutch screen that usually was my Raido and allowed me to just toutch the screen to change the station. The small screen read Chase Elliott. I hit the answer button on the toutch screen."Hey!" I greeted him. "Hey! Goodmorning beautiful," that got me a look from Anna - her eyes were wide with suprise and awe. "Goodmorning Anna!""How did you know you were on speaker?" I asked. "I know your car has Bluetooth and that you're smart enough to drive with Bluetooth on and hot holding the phone up to your ear - plus driving and being on the phone is against the law.""Oh. So what did you add your number and name to my phone contacts? I don't rememeber giving it to you or taking your number..""When you were to the bathroom I uh, took your phone and put my number in there and then I went to your phone app - like to make a call and I went to that uh one part on there that was your contacts and above that was a thing that read 'My Number' and I entered that number into my phone.""Couldn't you just have asked for her number?" Anna asked. "But then were the joy in the suprise she got when she saw my name light up her phone or what ever when I called her?""Anyway, Anna and I will get there around twelve thirty, isn't that your practice time?""Eah, close but nah. That's Sprint practice runs, I'll be shortly after them. I'll be in the garage at that moment but I'll get my mom to meet you at the gate and then you'll get a parking pass for the day.""Actually Chase, Anna and I are going to go to Kohl's then we will come over to the track. Will you be in practice runs by then?""Probably. Want my mom's number so you can call her and say when you're at the gate?""Uh-"Chase accidently cut me off with; "Actually, I'm just going to give my cell phone to my mom to hold when I'm doing practice runs so you can call me and talk to her.""Okay, so would you like me to give your phone a call when I arrive at Kohl's just to let you or your mom know that I'm in Dover?""Please, hey I hate to go, but I have to. I'll see you later! Bye Taylor! Bye Anna!""Bye!" Anna and I said at the same time then the automatic car voice (like Siri on your phone) came over the speakers and said "Call Ended.""TAYLOR MICHELE! CHASE FRICKIN ELLIOTT CALLED YOU BEAUTIFUL!""Yeah, so?""Don't you 'yeah, so?' Me! Oh my gosh!""Anna," I briefly looked at her then back to the road, "Chill."
When we were about twenty miles away from the Kohl's I quickly hit the button on my toutch screen that said call next to Chase's name. After about six rings it went to Chase's voice; "Hello?" Then a short pause, "Hey sorry, you've reached me, Uh Chase Elliott, sorry that I wasn't able to catch you at this time. Please uh leave a message and I'll get back to you as soon as I can!" Then you heard cars going around in the background and his voice mail then ended. I hit the end call before I could leave a message. No more than a few seconds passed when my phone started ringing. I looked down at the toutch screen thing in my car - thank goodness for Bluetooth! The contact name read Chase Elliott. "Hello?" I answered. "Hi Sweetie! This his Chase's mom!" Anna looked at me with shock written all over her face. "Oh, hi Mrs. Elliott!" "Oh please, call me Cindy! But I'm so sorry I didn't answer your call a little bit ago! Chase was telling me he left his phone in his bus and as soon as I walked in I saw it sitting on the kitchen counter. I tried to get to the phone in him but I was a second too late!""No problem at all! But I'd like to give you a heads up that Anna and I just pulled into the Kohl's parking lot and we'll probably be about an hour here.""Oh okay! You two have fun! Are you going to have any lunch while you're out?" I turned off Bluetooth as I grabbed my phone and put it up to my ear. Anna and I walked into Kohl's as I was on my phone. "May be, I mean there is a Chick-Fil-A next to Kohl's but I'm not really in the mood for that right now!" I let out a nervous laugh. I didn't want to tell her that her son took me there last night. "Oh, just out of Dover there's a small town - this little Cafè called Pickle's Cafè has the best lunch!""Oh thank you Mrs. Elliott, but I'd get lost if I drove out there! I'd have no idea where I would be going!" I laughed. "Oh - hey," Anna whispers as she tapped my sholder. "After shopping here can we go to the track, Ryan would like me to have lunch with him!""Sure! Why don't you go on into the store and I'll finish up my phone call then I'll meet you in there!" I whispered back to Anna as I stepped closer to a bench outside of the store and Anna gave me a thumbs up and headed in. "I'm sorry Mrs. Elliott if you just said something, Anna was just telling me that Ryan invited her to eat lunch together. So after we are done at Kohl's we're going to drive back to the track.""Okay! Call me when your leaving Kohl's and I'll be waiting at the gate when you get here!""Thank you so much Mrs. Elliott!"When I was about to hang up, she stopped me, "Taylor?" Her sweet, happy voice came through the phone. "Yes Ma'am?""Would you like to go to lunch at Pickle's Cafè?""Oh, that would be wonderful! Sure!" Oh my gosh, Chase's mom, Chase Elliott's mom, invited me to go to lunch with her!"I figured since Anna would be having lunch with Ryan and Chase has an interview and meet and greets you really didn't want to just sit somewhere and eat not really knowing anyone. Unless you wanted to hang around the garage while Chase is in and out of his car and then having fan appearances..""Oh no, thank you so much for thinking of me!"