
Anna and I had finished shopping at Kohl's and we were now meeting Mrs. Elliott at the gate. And there she was waiting for us talking to one of the guards at the gate. "Hi girls!" She said to us and waved as I put my window down. "I already talked to Mr. Thompson about you two coming in!""Oh thank you! And thank you Mr. Thompson! Mrs. Elliott, um where should I go?" Meaning where do I park?!"Oh just come right in here and turn around. Someone from Ryan's crew should be meeting Anna here on a golf cart and then you and I can go to Pickle's Cafè!" As soon as she said that Ryan can zooming up on a golf cart. I unlocked the car door and Anna quickly jumped out. "Ryan!" She squealed with delight as she got up and hugged Anna - and spun her around in the process. Mrs. Elliott just laughed at them and climed into my car and sat in the passenger seat. Oh gosh, now I'm really watching my self. I'm usually always slightly self conscious about my driving with people in my car - now that Mrs. Elliott - mom and wife of Nascar drivers - is in my car, it's like I've gone into over drive! So I carefully turned around and went back out onto the road. "So just go straight for a little while then we'll turn right but I'll tell you when!""Okay, thank you!" I said to her. "So I really didn't get to talk to you too much at dinner last night and after dinner, tell me about yourself!""Um, I'm sixteen, I have a late summer birthday so I don't turn seventeen until early August. I play the flute in my high school's band, but in marching band I play trumpet. Anna and I are on the volleyball team together. She's also in the spring tennis team too but I'm not. I do stats for our hockey team, which is only guys, we don't have a girls ice hockey team. Anna and I are currently playing our flutes for the spring musical - we are the pit band that provides the music for the theater kids to sing along too. Oh I love photography! I just recently was appointed president of photography club, the teacher running the club picks the president! And I'm the assistant drum major for my marching band, so next year when I'm a senior I'll be drum major!""Wow! Taylor! That's so great to hear! You sure have a lot on your plate! You know I was photo editor for Nascar Illustrated when I was younger - so I can understand why you love photography so much - I love it too!""I read that somewhere but I really didn't pay much attention to that - that's so cool! I would defentally love of you can give me some tips sometimes! I reallly have trouble with white balence when I take a picture!""Well I'd love to see your photography sometime! Do you have your camera with you a lot?""Most of the time!" I laughed a little, "Anna hates it because I bring it with me to a lot of places and I don't leave it in the car with me because you know, that can damage the lenses so I carry the bag around with me a lot!""And you also said you play in the band for the musical - what's the musical?""Oh it's The Music Man! But next year if the theater raises enough money they were going to do a Disney musical. But sadly, at our school the theater department is only given a hundred dollars for finical support from our school system.""Wait only a hundred dollars for a whole musical?" Chase's mom questioned, she turned and looked at me with pure confusion written on her face. "Oh next right onto St. Joseph Lane." I followed her directions.   "But yes Ma'am, only a hundred dollars to pay for materials and what not to build the set, costumes and to pay for rights. Plus the sound system is five years older than me so the microphones during the performance always cut out!" "Taylor, that's terrible!""Oh you'll like this;my band director is given only three hundred dollars for the whole year. But that three hundred dollars has to cover Concert Band, Symphonic Band, two guitar classes he teaches, a music theory class he teaches, jazz band, pit band - each musical he has to buy the music and the rights for us to play that music, and marching band - he has to buy music for all of these things and purchasing music starts at seventy five dollars and music for marchig band starts at two hundred dollars. But for marching band he has to buy the rights, and the moves and stuff for us to learn to do the field show. And we haven't gotten new uniforms for concerts or for our marching band since 1997. It's now 2015!"She just shook her head in disapproval, "Unbelieveable!"