
After a short drive Mrs. Elliott and I were in the small town square. I carefully, and surprisingly - successfully, parallel parked my Chevrolet Equinox right outside Pickle's Cafè. It was a main little store - well Cafè in the town square. "Wow, you're really close to the curb, great parallel parking, even Chase could barely parallel park!" Mrs. Elliott said as he got out of my car. I just laughed, "Really?""Oh it took him for ever to get parallel parking down!" I held the door to Pickle's Cafè open for her then I followed in. It was small but it was a nice sandwhich place, decorated in pastel pink and green here and there and brown fancy lettering was the menu and along the walls. Mrs. Elliott walked up to the hostess, "Could we have a window seat for two please?" The cafe was on the corner of the street so when you walking in, the wall to the right was mainly window seats. "So outside of school what do you do?" Mrs. Elliott asked as she looked over the lunch menu. My eyes briefly scanned over the coffee section, "Um, I have an older brother, he just turned nineteen. Oh I take summer camps for photography! I also love baking, you know like cakes, cupcakes, cake pops! I'm I mean during the summer I usually go to races here and there with my dad and grandfather - my brother isn't really interested in it. Sometimes my family goes to Disney world over the summer because we have a lot of family in Orlando! But mainly I spend my summer with my brother a lot because he's away at college and he and I are close.""Oh that's sweet! What's his name?""Zachary, but everyone calls him Zach!""What college does he go to?""Robert Morris University, right out side of Pittsburgh!""Oh, I've heard of the school, they played Duke in the second round of the NCAA playoffs right?""Yes in Charlotte!""Yeah because Chasee went to that game, I remeber!" All of the sudden a girl walked up wearing an apron with a pickle with a face and wearing a pink dress, about five inches tall, embroidered on the apron. "Hi! Can I get you all any drinks today?" She gave us a smile. "Yes, I'd like some sweet tea please, no lemon." Then the waitress looked at me. "Can I get some green tea please?""Hot or iced?""Iced please.""Sweetened or no?""Sweet please.""Sure thing ladies! I'll be back with your drinks and I'll take your order!"
So I ended up ordering a Bacon, Lettuce and Tomato wrap and Mrs. Elliott ended up getting a steak and chese panini. "So, um, Mrs. Elliott," I said after u took a sip through my straw of my green tea. "I wanted your opinion on this," all she did was raise her eye brows and smile encouragingly. "I was going to have Chase at my house for dinner tonight...""Oh what a lovely idea!""Yes and well Anna suggested I got this sun dress today to wear for dinner-""I'd love to see it!""Oh it's in my car, I'll show you after we finish our lunch! But then I was thinking what would Chase wear? Jeans and a t shirt? Or..?" "Oh, I see what your getting at what should he wear so he doesn't look like he just climbed out of his car after a tree hour race in the heat." I smiled greatfully at her. "How about this, while you're changing in his room into your dress, I'll tell him to take a shower and wear khaki pants and a short sleeve polo shirt."I giggled a little, "The NAPA Racing one?""Oh, well if that's the only polo shirt he has then I guess that will have to do. I'm sorry sweetie!" "It's totally fine! And thank you!"We were just about finished when the waitress came and set the bill on the table.I had my wallet in my hand and I went to go grab the bill, "No dear, lunch is one me." She smiled at me. "Please, Mrs. Elliott, I'll pay. At least let me pay for myself.""But I'm the one who invited you to lunch!" She quickly put her credit card in the little her thing and gave it to our waitress, who shortly returned with Mrs. Elliott's credit card. "Now come on an show me that dress!"