
So after a few seconds I snapped out of my trance and walked over to the couch. Chase had a blanket laid over his legs and half of the blanket was laying on the floor. I guess tay was my half. But I shouldn't assume so I didn't sit that close to him - just far enough that the blanket wouldn't reach me. I mean, we kinda just met this evening, do I really even have a chance with him? How do I know that he doesn't see me as just some pretty girl he wasn't to hug and kiss for a day?"Taylor?" His voice was soft and kinda quiet. "Are you okay? You've been staring at the window for like a solid five minutes. Is there something, someone there? Or..?" He started to get up and check the window. "Oh no! Sorry! I was just stuck in thought. Sit back down, it's not like there was someone creepy or anything!"He laughed a little then sat back in the spot he was sitting before. But he just then turned his head to look at me and cocked it to the side. "What?" I asked. "Why are you sitting so far away? I though since Miss. No Pants might get a little cold, I should get a blanket so I grabbed one from my room."So I scooted closer. After about half way through the movie I found myself laying on him. He was sitting, slouching a little, pillows against the right arm of the couch and he was leaning on them so he was leaning slightly to the right. And I was leaning my head on his chest towards the left. With one ear pressed up against his chest I could hear the steady beat of his heart. And with his arms wrapped around me and our legs sort-of criss-cross we watched the movie.
"Stay with me" I looked up at him in question. "Taylor, I know this is crazy, heck, I think this is crazy. But I like you. A lot." He let out a sigh of...relief? "You, you like me?" I couldn't read his face, was he sad? Mad? Happy? He really wasn't showing me much emotion. "Yeah" he said softly. "But-""I know. I know we just met. That's why I said you probably thik it's crazy right? Because I think it's crazy but I do. I do like you. And I know you probably get that a lot from guys. And if you have a boyfriend - well you can forget this - me - ever happened. And if you're talking to another guy who could potentially be your boyfriend soon, I'm begging you please stop flirting with him." He took a deep breath, "I know you probably think it's lame, I'm lame, but please, I know I probably jumped the shark a little and make a risky decision. But I admitted I like you and I just...let me stop talking and let you say something.""Chase," I sat up so my back was to the left arm of the couch and I was sitting criss-cross (applesauce!) Indian style. I saw his eyes travel down for a minutes then his eyes met mine again. He blushed a little because I saw what he did. Yeah, boy, I saw what you did when I'm wearing nothing but your hockey jersey. "I," can I say it? "I like you too" I said quietly. A smile cracked his face, "You do?""Ugh, how couldn't I? You're super cute, you're a race care driver and that has been one of my absolute favorite things since day one and I love your southern accent that comes out here and there." All he did was smile even bigger at me. "And, to answer what you said before, no. I dot have boys chasing me down. I don't get told I'm pretty or that a whole bunch of boys like me. And no, I'm not talking to any potential boyfriends at the moment. Except this one boy who likes to jump the shark a lot." All he did was smile even bigger at me.