
After Chase and I pulled apart from our hug, I was starting to walk back to his room to put my stuff down when he stopped me. "Hey Taylor," he called out - he was at the fridge getting a bottle of water. "I like that whole blue and white going on there. It's cute." He smirked. I knew what he meant and he knew that I knew. He was referring to the matching bra and booty short underwear I got at Tommy Hilfiger. It was a royal blue with white writing that said "Tommy Hilfiger" on the bottom part of the bra and top of the waist area of the booty shorts - and it had a white button on the bra. "Chase Elliott! You should not have looked.""But now I know what you're wearing after you shower." He just smirked and walked over to me, I was standing in the door way of his room. "You can know but you can't see. Plus were going to my house, where my parents are" I gave him a stern look. "Not even a peek? I mean I really would love to see what that blue looks like with your perfect blonde curls. And I'm sure it brings out your blue eyes...""No!" I took a step backward into his bed room and closed his bed room door on him. "Babe - I'm sorry. Please open the door...Taylor"I opened the door a little and poked my face out. "Taylor - I'm sorry. You know I was just teasing. I didn't actually mean it.""I know. It's okay." He kissed me cheek, "Now go to the bathroom and shower and do your thing. Then I'll show and get dressed in street clothes and out of this firesuit.""As much as it pains me to agree - and you have to take off that fire suit, yeah.""Wait - you don't want me to take off my firesuit?"I felt my face get hot, "Well, I mean..""What?" He got a smirk on his face and opened the door fully. "Well some of your..um assets look...good in your firesuit.""My assets?" "Yeah" I said quietly."So you think my butt looks good?" He started to laugh."Chase stop!" I teasingly whined. "I'm sorry - hey I'll just let you shower and I'll wait here until you're done." He kissed my nose and walked into his room.
I closed the bathroom door and I put my stuff on the counter and the shopping bags on the floor. I stripped of my clothing and started my shower. I quickly grabbed my little ditty bag and took the shampoo and down wash out of the bag. I got out of the shower, dried off with the fluffy white towels that were hanging on the towel rack. After my body was dry I used the towel to put my hair up and I put on my bra and booty-shorts underwear. "Hey, Taylor, I heard the water stop, do you mind-" Chase opened the door - it doesn't lock - on me brushing out my wet hair. "If...if-""Could you please hurry it up...?" I grabbed the towel that was on the counter and wrapped it around my shoulders real quick a few seconds before. "Taylor. I'm so SO sorry!" "It's fine..what did you need.""I was going to come in here and Uh wash my elbow and get some Neosporin - appearently I got a cut..But that can wait. I'm so sorry!" He quickly closed the door. After he left I changed into my clothes; a floral dress that came about three inches above my knees, a jean jacket and brown boots that came a little below my knees. I applied my mascara and ran my fingers through my naturally curly blonde hair. I sprayed a little bit of Incredible Things by Taylor Swift; purfume - and I was golden.
I oped the bathroom door and walked out to the living room area and put my bags on. Chase we washing his hands at the kitchenette sink - when he turned around he just smiled real big at me. "Taylor- you, you look great." He walked over to me and twirled a lock of my hair around his finger than let it go. "Really? You don't think the shoes with the dress are too try hard?""Try hard? What do mean?""Like if I walk of the RV people around here aren't going to say I'm a try-hard? 'Oh you trying to be a pretty red neck?'""Taylor, you are pretty. Who who cares if your a red neck or not? Frankly - I don't really like the extream red neck thing in girls. You like what I do, you support my decision to race, you've liked racing before you like me, you understand how everything works; from a marketing point of view to a mechanical point of view to a mathmatical point of view. I couldn't give two craps if you wore camo or went hunting or whatever.""You don't mind that I'm not like everyone sees in the pictures?""What do you mean?""Well I mean I'm not wearing a camo bikini, sitting on a tractor, wearing a Dale Jr. shirt, drinking a beer while sitting in the middle of a corn field.""Excuse me, but why the hell would I want that?""I thought most, you know country people like that kinda stuff...""I mean that sight would be easy on the eyes but look at you. Sure so pretty and you're like perfect. Your blonde hair - you're certainly not a boodle blonde and you're still super blonde, your the perfect hight for me, you don't talk with a twang that so hard to under stand becase you barely have teeth. You have the straightest and most beautiful teeth. And you're so fun to talk to, we get along so well and we agree on a lot of stuff. We have so much in common; what more can I ask for?"I hugged him, it caught him off gaurd at first but he quickly reacted and hugged me back. "Thank you." I said to him.We broke apart, "Alright, I'll take a quick shower and I'll be out in twenty minutes." He kissed the top of my head and walked into the bathroom.