
After lunch with Mrs. Elliott I drove her (and myself) back to the track. When she and I parked my car we walked over to the garage area, Mrs. Elliott walked away and walked to Chase's pit box. I was searching for a spaces that was out of everyone way in the garage. Chase was finishing up a meet and greet fan appearance so it was just his crew working on his car in the garage. And before I left to go to lunch with Chase's mom, Chase gave me a special neon green pass that basically told people I'm allowed back here. It was one of those bracelet things that had that sticker part so it's how it "clipped" on your wrist. I was just about to sit on top of a little counter thing when Chase walked into the garage. Firesuit and all (well not the helmet because that was sitting inside of his car). As soon as he walked in with both hands in his pockets, he saw me and his eyes lit up. "Hey!" He came over to me. "When did you get here?" He was casually smiling and reached out with his left hand and laced his fingers through mine. "Uh actually just like two minutes ago so not long ago!""Okay that's good! I wanted to talk to you a little bit before I had to get in the car and go do practice runs. So how was lunch?"I smirked, I know that he wanted me to burst and tell him all that I talked about with his mom. And I'm not going to admit some of the cute baby stories she told me! I'll mention them to him sometimes when he's not expecting it! "Lunch was good! Very nice, and it was a cute sandwhich shop!"He playfully rolled his eyes, "I know she told you baby stories! Ugh!""Chase, we didn't just talk about baby stories!"He just shook his head, "Anyway, -""C" one of his pit crew members called him and gave him his helmet. He had to get in the car soon. He gave me his helmet to hold while he put that slip over his head. "Okay, Uh, so I guess I have to do this quickly." I handed him his helmet. He took it, put it on and took in a deep breath, "Dinner, tonight?""Yeah," I smile and fixed his helmet so it was straight. It was to the right a little bit. "I've got that planned, I really want you to go to dinner tonight with me!""You know, you have to take me to get some native food!" I sould just see the smirk in his face - end though his mouth was kinda covered with his helmet. I gasped over-dramatically, "You've never had a Maryland Crab Cake?"He let out a little laugh, "Uh, no, I've never had one. Now I gotta go," He squeezed my hand before he let it go.  "You can go up to my pit box of you want.""I think I'm going to go and sit at the one area that's over the track!" "Even better view!" He walked to his car and climbed it, right before he climbed in all the way - his head and chest were still not in the car yet, he waved to me. And then he started the car and pulled out of the garage, and waved to me again. I waved back. Shortly after he left the garage with most of his crew I walked out of the garage and went to where the delux special - expensive, seating was. Right before turn three there is this thing that's over the track and all windows so you can see the cars (obviously).
~Change in Profile ! ~Mrs. Elliott's~I was standing on top of the pit box with Chase's crew chief, oh, and Taylor is walking over to the overhang, the seating area that is like a boxy 'U'. There is stairs (inclosed) on the inside of the track that that take you up. Then there is the long part that stretched over the track where spectators sit and look out the window walls. Then stairs (inclosed) on the outside of the track.
Okay, first round of practice, Chase was the sixth one on the track and now number four on the leader board. After a few laps around Dover I herd Chase's crew chief, "How are we doin'?""Uh pretty good, getting a little tight." I heard my son answer, I had a head set on so I could hear what Chase was saying and I could hear his crew chief as well as spotter."On a scale of one to ten, how tight?" His crew chief asked. "Uh about uh three may be four, eah three and a half.""Alright three more laps and then come on in.""Hey what's going on with the 18 and 22 ahead?" Chase asked. I looked up to make sure he was in the clear of those two, oh - he just passed them, now. Then I watched the screen up in the pit box, which offered different angles of the track, I saw the 22 (Brad Keselowski) bump the 18 (Daniel Suarez) from the back. That got the 18 a little lose but managed to pull away. "Just keep them behind you, if the crash that's fine as long as you're not involved." I heard Chase's spotter say. "Alright first round of practice is going to be over soon so come on in" His crew chief said. I looked at the leader board, he was in seventh place. So Chade did as he was told and came in, his crew then rolled him back to the garage. They needed to get the debris off the front grill Chase picked up when passing Daniel Suarez and Brad Keselowski bumping. They also needed to make the adjustment because he said he was a little tight. I stated in the pit box while his crew made the adjustments. I knew he was calmly sitting in his car waiting for te next practice round which starts in a half an hour. His crew chief gave me his head set if I wanted to talk to my son. I took it and out it on, "Chase?""Oh yeah mom?" He heard him answer me, I also heard all the background noise in the garage. "Did you get to talk to Taylor before you left for practice?""Yes, why?" "Alright, I just want you to dress nice, it would be nice to suprise her and you're all dressed nice.""Yeah, I like that idea; suprise her. But what is goig to do when I'm changing?""Oh well you can change in the bathroom and she can change in the bed room""Change?""Yes, remember she went shopping today.""But why can't she wear what she's wearing now? I mean, she looked fine.""Well you know girls, how we all love clothes." "Okay. So uh how was I running on the leader board?""Seventh""Who is all above me?""It goes, Ty Dillion, Kevin Harvick, Erick Jones, Elliottt Sadler, Austin Dillion, Ryan Reed, You, I'll just say the rest of top ten; eigth place is Daniel Suarez, then Brad Keselowski and then J. J. Yeley.""Thanks mom""No problem honey.""So how is Ryan Reed running, did you pay attention to him?""He is pretty steady and good with  speed but he always seems to have a little trouble with the angled corners. It's almost too much of an angle for him.""How high does he go on the turns?""Not too high, you could go high and keep the faster speed and your speed will exceed.""Thanks.""Second round of practice is in five minutes, but I wouldn't be the first to pull out. The clouds have very quickly rolled in while we're waiting for round two practice.""Check the weather.com weather app on our phone and give me an hour by hour run down.""It says the rain sould start any minute and won't stop until around four. And it's twelve twenty six right now." As soon as I finished, a rain drop hit the screen of my phone. I put it in my pocket, then I turned to Ernie Cope, Chase's crew chief, he saw me looking at him and he just shook his head. We both knew that second round of practice was going to get rained out. It started to rain a little and someone from the pit crew handed us two umbrella's. They were NAPA Blue with five NAPA logos on them. So, I was going to meet my son in the garage - I handed the head set back to Ernie and got down from the pit box.