
"Okay so now we take this long road than we'll come through the woods, keep going until you see the first house on the left." I said to Chase as he was driving to my house in my car. "All these back roads and corn fields reminds me of home.""I'm sorry.""Why are you sorry?" He asked. "Becase you must get homesick every now and then.""Yeah, but then I think how many nineteen year old kids already have their dream job in their plan of their hand? How many people get this awesome opportunity that I have? Not many. And my parents always come with me, they're always there to keep we grounded, always make sure I say my prayers and they're always there to remind me that I'm lucky for everything and I need to thank God everyday.""That's a great way to look at everything." He looked over and smiled at me, "Plus, if I wasn't a Nascar driver, I wouldn't have met you." I couldn't stop smiling after that. "So, this is your house?" He asked pulling into my driveway. "Yes""It's kinda big, but it's a wonderful house!" "Are you suprised?""Well I mean I had no idea about your family life. So, I mean I just pictured your house like adverage neighborhood size.""My parents are blessed with jobs that are pretty decent with the money. I mean we don't have a lot to throw around. Plus my brother is at college so they partially pay for that - the other half they're making him pay. I mean I have a job at Coach and Bath and Body Works so some of that is my spending money and then some goes in my savings fund for college.""Wow - that's great to hear. And I do have to say, you're great when it comes to planning. Like you have jobs so you can have spending money and not take any from your parents and then some of your money goes to your college fund.""Okay so, press the third from the left botton." I said pointing to the garage door opener buttons that are made into the car. And Chase did as I asked and then pulled into my garage. We walked past the door that takes you to my back yard; where the patio and pool was. And we walked up three steps into the side door that led you into the kitchen. When you first walked in you see the set of back stairs that my mother was calling to me from last night when I got home. Then you walk down this little hall way; on the rift side was a bathroom and in the left side was a mud room then you walked into the kitchen if you walk straight from the hallway. So we didn't take the fancy front door around the side.
"Mom!" I shouted to the house, "I'm home!" "Hi sweetie!" I herd my grandmother call from the kitchen. "Hey Grams! I have my friend who is joint us for dinner!" I called back to her as I stood in the doorway of the mud room and hung my car keys on the key hook rack thing that was just above the light switch in the mud room. "So I heard!"I walked into the kitchen, Chase followed me. My grandmother was standing at the large island in the middle of our big kitchen - back to us. I went up behind her and gave her a hug. She whipped her hands on a damp paper towel and then turned around and hugged me back. "So Grams, this is my friend" I pulled apart from the hug and gestured with my hand to Chase. My grandmother gave him a smile but I saw in her eyes she recognized him from somewhere."Hi," he smiled and extended his hand, "I'm Chase Elliott" he shook her hand. I saw the shock come across my grandmother's face for a split second. She laughed a little, "Wow, well it's nice to meet you, I'm Taylor's grandmother!" "Grams, where is my mother, father, Zachary and Poppop (grandfather)?""They're outside sitting around the pool. But dinner is going to be ready in a few minutes - so if you'd like to show him around then introduce Chase to your mother and father you could do that too." "Good idea, I'll do that. Thank you!" I waved to my grandmother and I started to walk out of the kitchen and started to give him a tour of my house. Shortly after Chase and I walked back into the kitchen and my grandmother was finished making dinner. So, he and I set the table for dinner. "Hey, Taylor, where's the bathroom?" "Oh the first little hallway we walked down - the room across the hall from the mud room was the bathroom.""Thanks" he walked past me and I then heard the click of the bathroom door shut behind him. Right after he shut the door my mom, dad, grandfather, and my brother walked in from outside. They all greeted me and asked where Anna was going tonight. I told them out to dinner somewhere with a boy named Ryan. Then they all asked where my friend was that was joining us for dinner. My eyes flashed to my grandmother - the only one who knew who my "friend" was. I told my family that was friend was using the bathroom and would be out in any second. So, they stood by the kitchen table, backs facing the doorway from the hallway to the kitchen, before they sat down for dinner to greet my friend when they came out of the bathroom. I stood at the doorway waiting for Chase. I stay him walk out of the bathroom. When he reached me, we walked closer to my family. "Hi," my family turned around to see who my friend was. Shock was written on everyone's face, except my grandmother who met Chase a little bit ago. My mother looked the one who was the most in shock. "I'm Chase Elliott" I saw my brother silently say "No way" to himself. After a second or two my mom snapped out of her state of shock and shook Chase's hand. "Hi, I'm Michelle, Taylor's mom.""It's wonderful to meet you" Chase said as he smiled at my mom. Next it was my brother who shook Chase's hand. "Hey, I'm Zach, Taylor's older brother." He isn't that much older than me, he just turned 19 and I'm 16 turning 17 in August. Next it was my grandfather who shook Chase's hand. "I've watched you every weekend on TV, it's great to meet you. I'm Taylor's grandfather""Thank you sir, and it's a pleasure to meet you."Lastly my father shook Chase's hand. "I'm Rich, Taylor's dad." He shook Chase's hand a little more firmly then before, and gave a little nod. I knew what that meant; don't hurt me. I saw Chase nod his head back and mouth 'Never' to my dad. Good boy. "It's a pleasure to meet you sir." Chase said to my dad. My dad was still smiling at Chase's answer to the nodding your head thing. "You too." My dad said.