
I took a shower and I was a dressed in white skinny jeans and my 'Chase Elliott' XFinity t-shirt with a pair of super cute red Keds (that tied in to the little bit of red in Chase's car that was printed on my shirt) that had white around the bottom of that tied into my outfit. So, with time to kill I decided to call Anna and see how her night was last night. I called her and it just rang and rang until it went to voice mail. I wasn't taking her crap so I tried again and after about two rings it stopped and took me to voicemail. What a butt face! She declined my call! I tried calling her two more times but she kept declining my call. Then she texted me - "I know u keep calling me. Can't talk now. I had a good night last nite - hope u did 2. Can't talk now - were on 2nd base ;)"Uh ew - she didn't need to tell me that she was on second base. Actually that was probably the sensored version of what she was doing. They were probably beyond second base by now. As long as they're responsible I don't care and Anna can live in that bliss. I on the other hand am waiting. I've never done anything past making out and I really don't plan to do anymore than that right now at this age.
I got a little adventurous as I just sat in the end of Chase's bed. Hmm, should I get up and leave to explore the track or stay in and may be cook something..?I'll have to cook something later I kinda wanted to get out of here and see all the commotion of fans and such at my home track. I made my way out of the infield and into the fan zone. Between all the people watching, merchandise purchasing and all the fun interactive things I've done I must have lost track of time; Chase was calling my cellphone. I felt a little bad, I had two missed calls from him and he was calling me again. I have to get out of this super crowded area and take his phone call because I can barely hear myself think. "Hey" I said as I answered the phone. "Oh thank god, you're okay!""Yeah..why wouldn't I be?""Well I mean you didn't answer your phone for the first two times and and you didn't answer any of my texts.""Hey it's all okay - I'm just in the fan zone and it's really loud so I didn't hear my phone ringing.""I just got concerned when I came back to the motorhome and you weren't there. Then I thought may be you went to the garages or may be even the sprint garage. But I asked around if they've seen a short pretty blonde girl but they all said no. I even texted Suarez because he was doing stuff in the fan zone today and he was confused and then asked if I was feeling okay.""Feeling okay? Why would he ask that?""Because I like never hang out or have in interest in a girl. Let alone bring - or meet up with one at a race.""Oh, so I'm ...different?""Yeah. But a good kind." I heard h briefly talking to someone like he had pulled the phone away from his face. "Sorry I was in the passing with Greg Ives - my old crew chief.""I know who he is. So would you like me to meet you somewhere or..?""Eah I was going to come out there but if I did I'd be bombarded by fans. I mean that's okay but I want to be alone with you - the little time he have together I want to make the most of it."I could hear the distress in his voice. "Chase," I paused in thought for a second - he knew what I was going to say next. "What are we going to do. How are we going to make things work? I mean I like you. Like I like you like you. And I know you feel the same, right?" I could hear the smile through the phone, "Taylor, I really really really really really like you.""Okay, calm it down there Carly Ray Jepsen!" I said trying to add a little humor to our situation. "But Chase..""I've thought about Tay, and I'm sure you have too. So I mean, do you want to give the whole long distance thing? I mean I could meet you when I have off weekends and every now and then you could come to a race. You won't have to pay for any expenses - I could get you a driver or I could pay for your plane tickets..?"I was so flattered, he must like me enough to pay for my plane ticket. "Chase, you don't have to pay for my plane ticket!""Yeah I do. If I want you at the race and you are available - I'll pay for the plane ticket because I'm the one who needs you to go out of your way to meet up with me." He paused waiting for my answer but I didn't really know what to say - I just kept walking to the infield gate and I flashed the green paper wrist band to the guard to let him know I was okay to let in. I let out a small sigh and leaned against a half wall in the infield. "Please" I heard Chase whisper over the phone. "Okay" Is all I said. "Okay...?" He asked, I could just imagine him standing some where and cocking his head to the side in question. "Okay," I smiled into my cell phone - even though he can't see me, "I'll give it a shot. I'm willing if you're willing. Are you willing?""Turn around." Huh?So I turned around and on the other side of the half wall stood Chase. I took a small jump over the short wall so I was on the same side as him. And then he hugged me, nodded his head yes and kissed me. Yeah; on the lips; in front of everyone around, though there really wasn't anyone around. ...So are we official?