
So Chase and I watched the whole amazing race in Jeff Gordon's pit box! I don't know who he asked and talked to but I've never had a better day in my life. Like ever.
And with five laps to go there was a caution. My gosh I know I'm a terrible person for cheering, but Brad Keselowski blew an engine! I mean I feel like it's in the nonexistent hand book; if you're a Jeff Gordon fan, you really tend to not like Mr. Keselowski too much. Though I did meet him earlier and he seemed to be pretty chill, even meeting me while I was wearing my '#IWASTHEREJG' t-shirt. Then Brad Keselowski spun after he tapped the wall and bumped into Joey Lagano and he ended up hitting Kyle Busch! They're not really my favorite drivers so I was just happy it wasn't anyone on Team Hendrick. Kasey Kahne almost got a little tap from Keselowski, but he went super high practically riding the wall and got a clean get away. Kasey did pick up a little piece of debris on the grille but other than that he was good. So the restart line up went Kevin Harvick, Martin Truex Jr., Aric Almirola, Jeff Gordon, Paul Menard, Kasey Kahne (with debris still on his grille!), Kurt Busch, Jimmie Johnson, Dale Jr., and Carl Edwards. Chase leaned over to me and tapped on my right ear, which was covered my the Sprint Fan Vision headset. I took the head set party off, my left ear was still covered my the head set, to hear him. "If you want a piece of sheet metal that's been torn up I can probably hook you up."I smiled at him, "I'm good. It would be super cool but I'd either want a piece from your car or Jeff Gordon's and I really don't like seeing your or his car torn up."He shrugged his shoulders, "The garages usually sell sheet metal from the cars, some times the chunk of metal is scraped up from another car or wall. Sometimes the chunk of metal is just a cut up chassis with no scraps.""Okay then I would totally love a side chunk of your car that has your number and a side chunk of Jeff Gordon's car that has his number on it.""Oh I think it would be cool if I got you the small chunk of metal that's above the driver side netting window. Where it has our names..!""Yes! That would be super cool!"By the time my conversation with Chase was over the pace car's lights were off and the speedy dry as all cleaned up off the track. "Pace car's lights are off," Chase nodded his head in the direction of turn three where the pace car was pulling into pit roads. "Time to cover our ears again." He kissed the tip of my nose and then focused his eyes on the track. It took me a moment to recover, I love when he kisses my nose or forehead, it's super sweet. But I then focused my eyes of the green flag ready to start flying in...three...two...green!