
I was laying across Chase's bed going through my Twitter and Instagram feed when Chase walked in. "Hey Princess!" He called came in the motorhome and shut the door behind him. "Hey!" I called locking my phone and started to sit up but didn't - I just laid back down, when he walked all the way back and came into the motorhome. He sat on the edge of the bed, "I so wanted to kiss you there in Victory Lane. I was so happy and I wanted to be there right next to you but I couldn't. I had to stay with my team. I'm sorry." He buried his head in my shoulder as I laid on my back looking up to him. I smiled, "Its completely fine, I know you couldn't leave your team!" I started to run my fingers through his hair. He lifted up his head, smiled at me and gave me a quick kiss on the lips. "Um, we need to talk..." I said looking to my left so when he looked up at me his eyes wouldn't meet mine. "About? Taylor I thought we got our relationship status problem all clear. And if this is about staying in Maryland with you for the off week - I know my mom told me.""Well it has to do with our relationship...your mom actually brought it up..""Wait my mom? She didn't..."I just shook my head. "She had a similar conversation with me right after I left Victory Lane. I mean, I'm not going to lie - it makes me feel better to know that she wouldn't be disappointed in me. I know I'm Catholic and so are you and we are strongly encouraged to wait until marriage but I don't know.""I didn't plan to wait that long anyway and I want to give myself to someone I really care about and someone who really cares for me." I still wasn't meeting his eyes. He took his index finger and turned my head to his him. "I love you.""I..I heard you said that last night.""And I mean it Taylor. I really do. I'll give myself, heck is give you anything at the drop of a hat.""I...I love you too."I saw a smile of relief flash across his face. "Alright well we can think of our whole...uh new...situation any other time you'd like. I guess I should take a shower soon though. I have water, sweat and Gatorade all over me."Chase was about to get up off the bed. [({ITS NOT THAT BAD BUT IF YOU DON'T WANT READ SLIGHT LEMON - SKIP FORWARD UNTIL YOU SEE BOLD LETTERING AGAIN TELLING YOU'RE IN THE CLEAR!})]I put my fingers back in his hair and he stayed. "Taylor," he shut his eyes tight. "Between our conversation we just had and when you run your fingers through my hair you know I'm just about a puddle."I smirked, I knew I had the upper hand in this. "You know, I have some sweat and water and Gatorade all over me. And a little bits of rubber too. I think I need a  shower first." I smirked because I knew he would let me go yet. "Taylor," he said with a weak voice. "No." Wow that's was strong. He sat up and took me with him. He sat me on the edge of the bed and he got on his knees on the carpeted floor.
After he was done with me he got up and kissed me with his wet lips and started to walk out of the room. After a minute of recovery time - I walked out to the kitchen area were he was - just in a bra and my blue 'Chase Elliott' t-shirt. "Chase." I said firmly, he turned around now facing me. I couldn't read his face - he either was really pissed or the complete opposite. I let my eyes drop from his for a second. And judging by his Firesuit looking tight, down there, he's not pissed at all. "You catered to me," I walked over to him, who was leaning against the counter, and unbuttoned the collar at the top of his fire suit and unzipped it. Then I unbuttoned the part were it said 'Elliott', about where a belt would be. Then I finished unzipping the fire suit about four more inches down and pushed it down to his knees."Taylor, what are yo-" I cut him off as soon as my knees hit the tile floor. Every now and then I'd look up at him and sometimes our eyes would meet and drive him even more crazy. Or sometimes when I looked up at him his head would be thrown back and and his hands were out to his sides, holding on to the counter. He looked like he was holding on to the counter for dear life because his knuckles we white. [({IT IS ALL CLEAR!})]
Once I was done I pulled the fire suit back up to his waist and zipped it up to his mid stomach. Then I buttoned the 'Elliott' part. Chase let out a breath,"That was amazing." He smiled. "Come on, we seriously need to shower." I said taking his hand and walking toward the bathroom. "Together?"I just smiled and took off my shirt. "I told you, you'd look great in blue." He said smirking and referring to my bra color.