
STILL IN CHASE'S POINT OF VIEW
I bid Taylor a good bye as she closed the bathroom door to get showered for the day. I headed out to a autograph session then I had an interview with MRN Raido - where fans could call in and ask me a question and actually speak to me. While walking to where my little tent thing was set up for the autographs I couldn't help but think of Taylor. I just met her but I already liked her so much. And yeah last night I said the three words. I don't really think she comprehend what I said but I think is true. I just don't know what to do right now. I know this weekend is going to come to an end and we have to go on with our lives. I know I have to just keep traveling from race to race every week. And I know Taylor has to finish up her junior year in high school. Then she's on summer break but there's no way her parents would let her travel with me. I don't think I'd let her either if I was her parents. I mean a whole summer with a teenage boy - and I mean us boys seem to have just one thing on our mind. I mean I wouldn't do anything but still. I just hope we don't lose touch. And what if Taylor gets a boyfriend - will what we have right now even matter? Probably not. I let out a long sigh of distress but my negative thoughts soon dissipated as I walked closer to my fans that were lined up to meet me. That were all so happy and started cheering when I was walking up - how could I not be happy. All those negative 'what ifs' left my mind as I sat down to start meeting fans. All those thoughts are gone. For now.
POINT OF VIEW CHANGES BACK TO TAYLOR'S POINT OF VIEW
Last night I heard Chase say I love you to me. I tried telling him this morning when I was half asleep that I heard him but I really don't remember what I said my self. Then this morning when we were kissing good bye - or hello - when he was leaving for more autograph session stuff he unbuttoned another button on the Braves jersey. And we could barely stop kissing. I really like him. I mean I really do but I don't know how our relationship- what ever we have right now - will last. I mean I'm still in high school. Even when I finish for this year and I'm on summer break - one I don't have enough money to fly or drive to every race and two - if I were to travel with Chase I don't think my parents would let me. I mean I can totally see why my I wouldn't be allowed - I'd be alone with a teenage boy. Heck my parents'll probably think I'll come home from spending summer with Chase and I'll be preggers. Not that it would happened, but my parents would probably think that it will happen. And then after summer I'm back in high school for my senior year I'm busy with school and band and getting ready for college - I don't think I'll have time to balance Chase on top of all of that. I guess things would be different if we were the same age and he went to my school. I'll just let thing play out for this summer but after that I'll definitely have to call it off. I mean I have my whole life ahead of me - college and then a real job and so on.