
I woke up the next morning to an empty bed. "Chase?" I called out. And my answer was the empty motorhome. My heart sunk, I mean not even a note? I know he has to be up and ready for fan appearances and qualifications and stuff but still. I looked at the bed side clock, it read nine twelve. Not too early, but I'm sure if I went in the garage and it would be a loud and busy scene. So, I slowly rolled out of bed and walked over to my tote bag sitting on the floor to get my clothes out for the day. Right as I bent over and unzipped my tote bag Chase walked in the motorhome.
CHANGE IN POINT OF VIEW - NOW CHASE'S POINT OF VIEW
I felt bad - I woke up this morning to a beautiful girl and I left her and didn't even tell her. But I didn't want to wake her up. I got up and dressed for fan appearances and such but before I left I walked back to my bedroom just to see if Taylor was awake. She wasn't. But I couldn't help but stand there for an extra second and this how lucky I was. I just met her a few days ago but I was already fallin'. I was in love. I've never felt this way about a girl before - I mean yeah I've had crushes and yeah Taylor has a killer body - I mean she's not like super anorexicly skinny or anything she's perfect - but that's not why I like her. I let out a sigh as I stole one last glance at her. Her bright blonde mixed with her dirty (not like ew dirt but like the color) blonde curls were slightly messy sprawled out on my other pillow. While the white Braves jersey was only half buttoned and hanging off her right shoulder - you could see her dark blue bra through the half opened jersey and her matching blue ...what did she call them - bootyshorts - because the jersey was ridding up. But she was all look no touch. I would never ever, ever do anything without her permission. Even if she told me to - I wouldn't. I'm Catholic - I was taught to wait until marriage to do anything like that. I walked over to her and kissed her forehead before I left. She started to move and I stood frozen in place. I felt like absolute crap - did I just wake her up? I didn't mean to. But I let out a sigh of relief when all she did was reach up with her little hand and wrap it around my index finger. "Chase" she said so softly I barely heard her - plus she was saying this in her sleep...right?"Princess?" I answered her with the same soft and quiet tone. "I...I heard you last night.""What do you mean?" Did she mean when I said...She was most definitely saying this in her sleep because she took a long pause before answering me. "I heard....you...you said you loved me.""Yeah..." I answered on edge a bit. I really hope she's asleep. All she did was squeeze my thumb and smile.
After a few fan appearances and a radio interview I came back to the motorhome. I walked in to a not too bad sight. Taylor was bent over and getting stuff from her tote back. I almost stopped right there and practically smacked myself. I know I'm a teenage boy and I think ...that way, but I need to calm it down. Especially if I think too much that way about how beautiful Taylor is ...I could really Uh "excited" about it and that would most definitely not be good.  "You're up!" I just kinda stated as I walked to the fridge to grab a strawberry- my new favorite flavor - Gatorade. "Yeah"  was the soft answer I got that sounded half asleep. I set the small Gatorade bottle on the kitchen counter and walked to the back to the RV where my bedroom - where Taylor was - is. I guess she heard me coming and stood up. I no longer had a view of her from behind. She walked over to me and put her arms around me neck, gave me a little pouty face and asked, "How come you did wake me when you woke up.""I woke up this morning pretty early. I had to get up for work out time then a meeting with my crew chief and spotter. But when I woke up bright and early I didn't want to wake you. You looked so perfect and happy. How could I wake you - to then turn around and say bye see you later?"I said then leaned down to her height and gave Taylor a quick kiss. I started to then walk back to the kitchen area but before I could Taylor looped both her right and left index and middle finger in my belt loops (I was wearing khakis) and pulled me closer to her again - for a kiss. I'm not gonna lie - it's kinda cute when this short petite girl take charge. I let my arms tense up and wrapped them around her. I felt her hands make their way to my hair and she started to run her fingers through my hair. After awhile - and the need for air, I  broke apart from the kiss, "I love when you do that." I smiled at her then kissed her again. Sadly this kiss wasn't as long as the one before but I needed to stop especially being oh so tempted by what she was wearing - or not wearing wasn't too good. Well what she was (or wasn't) wearing was great but not right now. "Alright Princess - we have to stop for now. I have to go for another fan appearance then interview. After that I'll be back here to change into my XFinity fire suit for qualifying.""Okay - Uh, what should I do?""You can hang here or meet up with Anna. Or call my mom and she could take you around the track for awhile."She just contemplated my suggestions. "I'm sorry that I can't spend too much time with you today. I mean during qualifying you can always come to my pit box."All Taylor did was pout which made her even cuter, especially wish her slightly messy bed head. I gave her another quick kiss - because it's so hard to avoid her lips, "You know you could just take a shower and get dressed and I'll meet you here in between fan appearances and qualifying.""Only of I get another kiss."Oh she was a keeper. "Done." I pulled the Braves jersey to bring her a little closer. But my pulling her with only one hand near the front and bottom this pulled at the button area and a button on the bottom popped open. Oh well - what's another one going to hurt.