
Chase and I were standing in the little hallway with his closet open, "Wait, if these are all your clothes, where is your fire suit and like the under armour you wear under it?""Over in that cabinet." He pointed to the right of the open cabinet what we were looking in now. He then tried to get past me. My back was against the right wall of the tight hallway and as Chase tried to scoot past me he turned sideways. So he was face to face with me, he wasn't even an inch away from me. "Sorry." He breathed as his face was infornt of mine. He then opened the other cabinet and showed me the fire suits he had. "No way," I said. "What?"I walked up next to him, and I grabbed a fire suit that was hanging up. I left it still on the hanger still hanging up so I showed h the fire suit on an angle. Then I pointed to the series embroidery "Oh my gosh - it's your Sprint cup firesuit! Look it says Team Hendrick!"He laughed a little, "Yes Taylor, that's what I wear when I race in the twenty five car.""Chase! I have said this like six times - I do NOT live under a rock! I know that you obviously don't wear it to an XFinity race!""You have a fire suit jacket?""No - I mean everytime I go to buy one the thing that stops me is that like what if you change sponsors? Then what's the point of having a NAPA jacket if it doesn't have your name on it? I want a regular firesuit jacket but like the crew chiefs, how they have the last name on the back.""Ohh, you want it to say Elliott instead of my Twitter and Facebook?""Yes!" I agreed, "Just move that down below the big NAPA on the back!""You know, we could use you on the marketing team!" He laughed as he took the fire suit from my hand and tucked it back into the cabinet and closed those doors. "So," he reached in the other cabinet and got out a dark blue sweatshirt that read "CHASE ELLIOTT" in a circle and in the circle it had the "NAPA" logo. "You can wear anything you'd like to lounge around here.""Okay!" I reached and took his sweatshirt from his hands.He smiled at me, "Really?""Nah," I handed it back to him. Then I reached in his closet/cabinet and grabbed his Blue Jackets #9 jersey that they gave to him. It said his name on the back, "Elliott", where a players name would be. "Just that?""What do you mean?" I asked. "You're going to wear just that? Are you leaving your jeans on? Or..."Oh, he means am I just going to wear the hockey jersey. Well it probably goes at least mid thigh. "Well if you want to go to my car, go the the passenger side seat, and there should be a shopping bag from kohl's on the floor, I just bought a pair of white leggings." "Alright give me five minutes." He set his sweatshirt on the couch on the kitchen/living room area and walked out of the RV. Meanwhile, I walked to the bathroom, which was why the hallway was tight - the bathroom ran behind the thin wall I was leaning against earlier.