
"Alright, let's eat, shall we?" My grandmother said. So we all sat down at the kitchen table. I sat at the end of the table with my back to the windows in the nook. Then it went Chase to my left, then my mom, then my brother, and my dad was at the other end of the table, then my grandmother then my grandfather and finally back to me.
So after everyone had food on their plate and before everyone started eating we all held hands and I lead the grace before dinner. I took deep breath before I started and Chase squeezed my hand. Almost everyone in my family was Catholic so ever since I was a baby and baptized in the Catholic Church, I've been Catholic. So I started off with "In the Father, Son and the Holy Sprit. Lord, thank you for another day of life. Thank you for the roof over my head and the food on my plate. Lord please bless this food and let us all see that this is a privilege to be about to pick and choose what we get to eat every night. Please bless my family, please keep them all in good health. Please bless Chase and his family please keep all of them in good health. Please bless our military, all of those who have fought and gone home safely, all those who are fighting, and all of those who have died. Pleas bless the families of those who have fallen. Please bless the Marines, and please bless and keep Justin safe. Thank you" and then everyone at the table said thank you after me. "Amen" I finished as everyone echoed after me.
After dinner Chase stayed back and helped my grandparents clean up the table, load the dishwasher and finish cleaning the rest of the dishes by hand washing them. He's such a sweetheart. When Chase finished drying the last plate he handed to me and I stood on my tippy toes to reach the shelf and put it away. "I have to say, that was the best crab cake I've ever had. Your grandmother is such a great cook!""Thanks - I'll have to tell her that." I smiled and took his hand to lead him out to the backyard. "Wow, your backyard is amazing!" He said taking it all in. We had s large patio that leads into our pool - which is larger than the adverse pool. And we have a gazebo to the right and past the pool. Straight and past the pool we have a swing set - not the old wood kind but like metal monkey bars to climb on and the plastic poly wood as a hanging bench and just regular plastic for regular swings. "Hey Honey!" My mom called from inside the house - Chase and I were out on the patio. "Zachary and his friend - who was asleep when we ate dinner, is heading back to Delaware to go to the hotel. So your father, grandparents and I are going to drive your brother and Alex back and buy dessert for everyone your brothers on this trip with.""Everyone?" I asked. "Well the kids from his school! Would you and Chase like to come?"I looked at him and he whispered to me "What ever you'd like." He smiled and squeezed his hand. "Nah - we'll probably go into town and I'll take him to The Creamery!" In Centerville just go past my high school and go into the little main quaint town there is this bakery place - amazing food. The have a wide range of a menu, lots of ice cream flavors, so many dessert options, and they recently started with donuts. To top it all off they make everything there from scratch - from the ice cream to the donuts to the real food they make, not just desserts. "Alright Honey! Have fun, be careful, and if I don't get back by the time you leave to head back to the track, be careful driving late at night! I love you!""Thank you Mom! I love you too!" I said as she waved and walked back inside the house to probably grab her purse and leave. I walked over to the blue tooth stereo system that we occasionally bring outside. It sits under the pergola near the grill, sink, counter and mini fridge area. I hooked up my phone and let my iHeartRadio app play. It was in a live radio station not just like a artist station. We walked over to the gazebo and sat on the little bench in there all of the sudden I heard one of favorite songs come on the radio. "I love this song!" I said interrupting Chase. "Sorry" I blushed in embarrassment. "It's okay, I love this song too!" I stood up and offered me a hand. As soon as I did the Christmas lights strung around the gazebo near the roof of it light up. The song Leave The Night On by Sam Hunt was playing and Chase was swinging me around to the beat in the small-ish gazebo. After a few upbeat songs, like Smoke by a Thousand Horses and Sippin' on Fire by Florida Georgia Line and Drinking Class by Lee Brice came one a slow song came on. Love Too Much by Hunter Hayes came on. Chase slowed down our dance and we just swayed back and fourth. As the song played we really didn't say anything to each other - we just looked into each other's eyes. His dark brown eyes looked into my blue eyes. His eyes were so pretty, there was layers of brown mixed with gold. By the end of the song and the music faded out to a quiet advertisement we had our fore heads pressed against each other. I saw his eyes drop to my lips to a split second. "Are you going to kiss me or not?" I whispered. He cracked a smile recalling the famous tune.