
After about a half an hour I was bored. I had gone though your instagram feed, and refreshed that about six times. I had gone through my Twitter feed - thank goodness that was pretty constant, since there was a race this weekend in Dover. Nascar has pretty been pretty constant about practice runs and garage stuff. I've gone through all my Snapchat notifications, seen all the stories from my friends and Nascar's snapchat. I even finished the book in my kindle reading app. Fifteen more minutes to entertain myself. I looked to my right at Anna. She was staring at her phone doing something with her Apple ear buds in. Darn - can't even talk to her. Not that I could hear jer in this crowded restaurant. Between the people talking, the loud country music and the baseball game playing from the TV - I could barely hear myself think. I let out a sigh as someone sat down to the left of me. A little too close there...I guess I'll let it slide since this alcove isn't too big and the benches were already pretty crowded. I looked at my phone again, ugh, thirteen percent. I reached into my Northface jacket packet, the left inside pocket, to pull out my Pocket Juice. Basically a portable charger about three inches by one inch by a half an inch and a nice neon pink but had black letters that read 'Pocket Juice' in the right hand corner. I quickly searched the other pockets in my jacket for my USB cord to charge my phone. Ugh, I left it in the car!I left a tap on my left knee and turned to the person sitting next to me. I really couldn't make out his face because of the dim lighting and he had a hat on. He held out his right hand, which was balled into a fist, and opened his fist. It was a Pocket Juice just like mine but only blue! And there was a iPhone five (an I guess six!) USB charger cord!"You can use the USB cord if you'd like." He kinda shouted over the noise to me. Did I just hear a slight southern accent?"Thank you!" I said as I took the USB chord from his pocket juice and plugged it into mine and my phone. "No problem!" Then I saw him look at the tv then back at me. "Blue Hens your team?" referrining to University of Delewere's baseball team that was on TV at the moment."No, actually," I started. "I don't live here. I like about forty five minutes away in Maryland in a small little town that no one has heard of!" I said with a small laugh at the end. "Small town?" "Yeah, Centerville!""That really cool I'm from a small town too- so what brings you to Middletown?" He asked. I still really couldn't see his face because of the hat he was wearing and the dim lighting of the alcove. "Oh well, my friend and I were staying after school because we play instruments in the small band that gets together for our high school's musical. And after school practice ends at five, so you know - dinner time! And so I asked her if she wanted to come here and meet my parents here for dinner. My parents are in Dover right now - they're shopping for dinner supplies for my high school band and theater. Next Saturday we have a musical in the evening but we have to come in early in the afternoon for rehursals so the band boosters is going to feed us and the drama kids dinner!" Wow - I was rambling. I didn't mean to, I was just explaining what was happening and all right? May be I was nervous, but why should I be nervous? I did how ever see the boy smile - even through the bad lighting. "Wow," he laughed a little. "I wish I had talent like that. To be able to play music I mean. There isn't many people in my family that are musically talented. That's cool that you can, I mean playing an instrument must just come pretty automatic to you now right? I assume you've been playing for a while.""Yeah, I have been playing te flute since I was in third grade." I can't believe he thinks playing music is cool, being in the high school band is acceptable. Usually people kinda turn their nose up when they think of high school band. "That cool. And you're pretty far from home!""Sounds like you are too." I said. He smiled, "Yeah, I miss my southern roots every now and then but I'm glad I'm doing what I'm doing. If I wasn't traveling like I do - I wouldn't be able to meet cool people like you." He nudged my sholder. We contributed to chat about my school and life for a few minutes. He really didn't say much about him. Then I left my phone vibrate, I got a text from my mom. 'Sorry Taylor - ur father & I are meeting ur brother for dinner here in Dover. He's in DE for a east coast wide fraternity meeting. He's in town all weekend b4 he goes bk to college!' "Ugh!" I said, I was about to turn to Anna and show her my text when this boy I was talking to tilted his head to the side. Like he was questioning why I sighed/groaned. "I was supposed to meet my parents here for dinner - but now my mother texted me saying she's staying in Dover to have dinner with my brother who is away at college but is in Delaware for a east cost wide fraternity meeting." I explained to him then I handed the phone to Anna real quick so she could read the text. "Should college be out by now for summer?" He asked. "Yeah - but he has to stay for like two ore weeks. He is in the band up in Pittsburgh - where is college is. And so he has to stay and do some events and such with them.""Taylor," Anna interjected, "I hate to interupt but, uh what should we do now?""I guess we just change the number of people in our party." I said to Anna. "But if that means we have to wait here for forty five more minutes, then just drive us to Chick Fil A and we can get dinner there!" I laughed at her comment. "If you change the number of people in your by one or two people it's not going to make a difference on the time" The boy I've been talking to interjected. "In fact," he turned to me. "Would you and your friend like to sit with me, my friend and family for dinner?""I don't want to be a burden to you. I mean we just met eachother and you're here with your family!" I'd feel bad sitting with him and his family!"Please - you'd really like my family - we my parents are the only ones here with me right now and my friend Ryan. But my parents would love to talk to you!" That's sweet and all but I just met him!"I just met you and it would make chaos if I say with you because then you'd have to split the bill and..." I didn't want him to go through all of that - that's just too much!"Please, I'll pay for your dinner""What?" What? He's gonna what!? "No - you don't have to do that I can pay for it myself!" He's so gracious I couldn't let him. "Fine but please join me for dinner. You and your friend!" I turned to Anna who was listening to our conversation. She nodded her head yes but I knew the look in her eyes was - if any thing bad happeneds we are jumping in my car and speeding the heck out of here. I molded back to her. I turned back to face the boy, "Sure. We'll join you for dinner."He smiled. After I said Anna and I would join him for dinner, he smiled and said, "Great! So now you can go give your buzzer to anyone who walks in now and they'll only have to wait for fifteen minutes!"That actually was a great idea! I turned to look at the door with a steady flow of people coming in. I saw a Marine in his full dressy uniform, walk in and my heart stopped. I suddenly Remeber my best friend. Even though he was four years older than me he had became my best friend. I met him when I was dragged around to high school events when my brother was a freshman and this boy was a junior. I was just Zach's little sister at the time. But this boy would talk to me, by ignore me like the other high schoolers did. When this boy graduated from high school he joined the Marines and we still talk today. So the Marines have a special place in my heart. I stood up and started to talk toward this Marine. I saw he was with his parents. "Hi - excuse me," I said to get his attition. He was in line to put his name down to get a table. "I've been waiting here for awhile and there's only fifteen more minutes to wait." I handed him my buzzer. "My friend, who I didn't know was here saw me and invited me to sit with him so you can have my buzzer, it's for a party of four but you can change that by two or so people" I smiled as I started to walk away. "Wait," he called out, but then his mother came up to him "Son - they said the wait was almost two hours! That's insane! I know you like this place and all but, I'm sorry I just couldn't put our name down!""It's okay mom," I heard him say as I tried to disappear in the crowd to get back to where I was. "I got a buzzer, the wait is only fifteen minutes." "What? How did you get that?" I heard his mom say. "Oh a friend gave it to me." He looked away from his mom and caught my eye. I was now a few feet away from him. "Thank You" he mouthed to me.