
Starting to make our way down (well I guess more over since Delewere is next to Maryland not below!) the road I said to Anna, "I know! It's so nice to have the weekend off, especially a four day weekend! Last weekend we had a musical Friday night, Saturday night and Sunday afternoon. We get a weekend off and do it all again three times next weekend then we're done until senior year!" "Ew, yeah," Anna said as she was fooling with the raido stations, I on the other hand was paying attition to the road as I talked and drove. "We're only juniors! But at least next year we'll be the top dogs of the school!""Anna, you're mistaken! We're the lions!" I joked - our school mascot was obviously a lion. Being on the eastern shore of Maryland we're referred to as "The Pride of the Eastern Shore""Sorry sorry! How could I ever forget?" She laughed. "Oh, hey," I said briefly taking my eyes off the road and looked down at my phone in the front console cup holder. Eyes back to the road. "Anna, turn my phone off airplane mode and text my mom letting her know that your spending the weekend with us. You text your mom as well!""Sure thing! Wow, Taylor - nice phone case." She was refuring to my Chase Elliott phone case for my iPhone 5s. "I don't understand why you're so shocked, you know it's almost always on my phone. You know as they say - a naked iPhone, so beautiful yet so dangerous." I'm so lame, laughing at my own joke as I continued to drive. "No, I don't know that saying!" Anna said as she waved her Samsung Galaxy whatever in my face. "Hey watch it now! I can swerve off the road!""You're right sorry! And your mom says that's fine! My mom is okay with it, she's concerned I don't have enough money though. Oh well!""Anna, didn't she let you borrow one of her her credit cards for this weekend anyway?" I crinkled my forehead in thought as I continued to carefully watch the road. "Oh yeahh!" She went to quickly text her mom that she had the credit card. "Wow Anna, I swear, sometimes you're the blonde one!" I joked. Anna had perfectly brown hair and is now recently cut to her shoulders, she donated a little more than a foot to charity two weeks ago. And I'm so jealous of her brown eyes, in the sun, her eyes tend to have like layers - weird right? But there is like some gold in there. Her eyes are super pretty! And she also needs glasses for really small stuff really far away, other than that she doesn't wear glasses. Me on the other hand, I used to wear framless glasses but I got contacts freshman year of high school. "Hey! Taylor!" Anna yet again stuck her tongue out at me. "But if I was a blonde, I'd kill to be you!""What? No way! Ew!" "Taylor Michelle!" She used my middle name, my mom's name. "Oh no! Anna Claire used my first and middle name!" I said sarcastically though a smile. "I'm in for a real ass whoopin'!" We both burst out laughing. I usually don't say bad words but when I do I'm either really mad or really have something funny to say. "Taylor! Your hair is so pretty! You don't realize that! Your hair is naturally curly! Like perfect curls! Like perfect Taylor Swift what ever her third album is called Curls!""What? I know you're just trying to compare me to my favorite singer to make me feel good about myself.""No, like your hair is so pretty! And you have perfect natural blonde highlights! Like people pay to get highlights like that when you just magically wake up with them everyday! You like like bright blonde streaks and like dirty blonde streaks. You're like top layer of hair is bright blonde but not too bright that it looks fake and bad! Like-""Anna! Okay, thank you! You're sweet and all but at least your hair isn't so thin as mine! Mine is thin as crap! You can have a whole bunch of cool and pretty hair dos and I have such thin hair that it always slips out of hair clips!""But your hair is so soft!""Okay Anna, what ever you say!""Oh I love this song!" Anna turned up the raido to Blank Space by Taylor Swift. Me, being a fan of hers was happy to have one of my favorite songs playing. Plus - it's catchy!"Nice to - Meet You, Where you been? I can show you incredible things. Magic, Madness, Heaven, Sin" we both sang together.
By the time we finally arrived at Texas Roadhouse, I shockingly found a parking spot without having to use my mom's handicapped pass. "Hey, Taylor look," Anna pointed to the black Escalade parked next to us. "It looks like someone else is a Chase  fan!"I walked around the back of my car and looked at what she was pointing at with a smile on her face. There was a sticker about four or five inches tall of Chase Elliott's number, 9. "Wow, Anna! I'm suprised! You actually remembered his number!" I laughed at her as I locked my car again just to make sure I locked it a second ago. I tucked my car keys that were attached to a pink 'T' keychain into my jacket pocket. Yeah I know, a jacket at the end of May, but in restaurants the air condition is always blasting and makes it freezing inside. Anna and I walked into the restaurant and we went up to the call ahead seating counter. Anna called while we were in the car saying we had a party of four. I walked up to the girl behind the desk, "Hi, I'm we called a little bit ago for call ahead seating, we're ID number 6411" I smiled. She then handed my the buzzer, "it will be about a half an hour"Anna and I walked into the alcove where the lighting was really dim, peanut shells praticlly covered the floor and they were showing some sort of sport game on the flat screen TV - it happened to be baseball this evening - some college. "So," Anna started pulling out her phone planing to kill time playing games and checking social media. "A half an hour to court five minutes?" "Yeah," I said, "I mean it's a Friday night and there is a race in Dover this weekend so that's pretty good. I thought it was going to be an hour!""Yeah but I even did the call ahead seating!""Anna, I know but it could be worse!" I then pulled out my phone to entertain myself for fourty five minutes.