
How awkward! Chase and I walked up on Anna and Ryan kissing. When they broke apart both of their faces were a little red. I don't know if that's from embarrassment of us walking up on them or their lack of breath. Probably both. "Sorry, um Chase," Ryan nodded to him, "Taylor." He nodded to me. "Goodnight, Anna." He said as he hugged Anna and walked over to where I was standing with Chase. Anna smiled at Ryan and waved to Chase then walked around the front of my car and stood my the passenger door. Chase took a step closer, knowing all eyes were on us at the moment. He put his lips real close to my ear, "Have a goodnight Taylor" he whispered. I got on my tippy toes, I mean he's like what - 5'11?" I'm only 5'2", maybe 5'3". Then I whispered in his ear, "You too." Then I kissed his cheek. Just as I hit flat feet again he wrapped his warms around my waist and pulled me into a hug. He arched his back a little so my feet weren't even touching the ground any more. After a few seconds he put me back down. "Goodnight" he planted a kiss on my head. He then reached in his pocket and placed my car keys in my hand.
Anna and got into the car and as we pulled out of the parking spot Chase and Ryan were waving to us. As we got on the road Anna turned the raido, that was on, down. "Okay, what the HECK happened in that RV, T?""Nothing Anna! I should be the one asking you! I mean I walked out and interupted your make out session!""Taylor! We were not making out we were just kidding!""For a really long time!""Taylor! And I think you need to explain! Ryan and I walk in the RV and we see you in Chase's hockey jersey! Like um we didn't bring a change of clothes for any reason so why did you need to change? And there was an obvious time period where you weren't wearing your clothes or his! And why was your hair and his hair all disheveled?""Um loser? Haven't you ever heard of bed head? We were cuddling and almost fell asleep. We weren't doing anything bad like you're thinking!""Taylor," Anna calmed down and lowered her voice back to normal volume. As she was in her speal she was raising her voice. "We're best best friends, ever since forever. I mean I have pictures of us together even before kindergarden when we did kiddie dance class together. I don't want to see you get hurt and I don't want anything bad to happend to you. And I know - you don't have to say it, I know you feel the same way. But because we're so close, I'm questioning all these things. I mean besides being best friends and not wanting anything bad to happen to one another, we're also strong Christians. And I didn't want you to give yourself up to a guy so quickly. I mean, I already vowed to myself if wait until marriage. I know you said you wouldn't wait that long, which is fine. But Taylor, I know it's Chase Elliott. Like THE Chase Elliott, Mr. Cutie, everything from jaw line to eyes to booty on point." We both shared a giggle over this comment "But I didn't want anything to happen to you like that, then all of the sudden your having a baby. I know you'd be careful. You're like the Queen of double checking everything and making sure things are correct and safe and all that jazz.""Awe Anna, you know I love you! You're like the sister I never had but we don't fight like sisters which is great! But I care for you in the same way that's why I was questioning you! And I know, I don't plan on giving up my, um, v-card at least until college. And I know I don't want to me on the next teen mom two. And I don't want you on there either that's why I was concerned a little and I was questioning you!""You're the best you know that?""You're the best!" "Okay," Anna started, "What are we going to do tomorrow? I know we're going shopping, but where?""Chase suggested that we come to Dover tomorrow, you can hang out with Ryan for a bit. And while Ryan and Chase have practice runs, we can go shopping. Then later Ryan can drive you back to my house after you're done hanging out with him and Chase will drive me in my car back home." "Okay, I mean where is there though. All I know that's in Delaware is Kohl's, how about we wake up and grab breakfast somewhere and then go to the Annapolis Mall (Maryland) at home?""Anna, you actually want to wake up that early? How about this; we wake up, at ten we have breakfast at my house then we head out across the Bay bridge and go to the mall. Then once we're done we can head on over to Dover?""Taylor, that's a lot of driving!""Yeah but last week you agreed you'd pay some gas money so...""Ugh yeah you're right! I'll pay you next Friday, that's when I get paid for working at Under Armor.""Okay, oh that reminds me, I need to stop at Coach and Bath & Body works next Tuesday to get my check! I don't work that day but ya know! So what do you want me to make for breakfast?""Oh my gosh, what ever you do, I don't know how you make toasted bagels taste so good but make them!""I was going for blueberry muffins but I'll make toasted bagels!"After that all we did for the rest of the car ride home was play Disney music and sing along. The range was from Frozen to High School Musical to classic Disney like Beauty and the Beast and The Little Mermaid.
Taylor's outfit before she changed:http://www.polyvore.com/taylor/set?id=154346139