
"Who was that?" Chase said as I turned around and slipped my phone in my right back pocket. "My brother." He looked so tense and he had his naw clenched. Was he ....jealous?"You say 'I love you more,' 'No, I love you more' to your brother?""Yes, why?"He clenched his jaw even more, dang how is that possible?! "Just wondering." He said bluntly. "Chase," I stepped closer to him and laced my left hand with his right. "Are you.." I started tracing the Chevrolet logo on his fire suit with my index finger on my right hand. "Jealous?" I whispered into his right ear. His face turned pink and for a split second his eyes were wide. "No." He pushed my hand away from the Chevrolet logo. "Chase, I swear that was my brother. We just get along really well." I pulled out my phone to show him my most recent calls. I showed him my phone and where is said 'Most Recents: Zachary, call two minutes ago.'"I'm sorry""Why are you jealous?""Because your constantly saying I love you to this person on the phone...and I like you" he whispered the last part. I barely heard him - but I did. "Chase! Car time!" Someone from his crew shouted over the noise coming from all the garage stalls. "I gotta suit up." He ran his fingers through his hair. "Chase-""Nah, just forget it. I'll see you after practice" he kissed the top of my head and started to put his helmet on. "We'll talk later. Good luck." I got on my tippy toes - yes I'm only 5'2" and he's 5'8" - and I kissed his cheek. As I was walking away to go to his pit box I heard him say thanks.
When I was up in the pit box there was a red flag about ten minutes into round two because two people crashed really hard. They're okay but they have to switch to back up cars for qualifying tomorrow. And thankfully Chase wasn't invloved. All of the sudden his crew chief handed me the head set - "He wants to talk to you for a second.""Hi?" I said when I put the head set on. "If I win pole tomorrow, be my girlfriend." "What?" That was so abrupt. "I know you heard me. Before I got into my car. So either you kissed my cheek because you feel the same way or out of pity. Please don't say out of pity.""Yes"His voice got real soft, "Oh we'll that's embarrssing, especially since the whole crew can hear this.""No! You idiot!" I think that was his spotter that said that. "She said yes to if you win the pole. You better bet your ass your going to win that pole. You got a great car this weekend!"I heard Chase laugh over the radio. "Thanks for your words of encouragement." Chase said with a chuckle still in his voice. "So, do I give the head set back to your crew chief now?" I asked. "Yeah Clyde, you're getting boring for the girl!" His spotter said. I think it's so funny when Chase makes a funny comment his crew and team call him Clyde. Not even William Clyde.
So after I handed the head set back to his crew chief I stood and watched them clean up the wreck and watched the flag turn from red to yellow then "GREEN GREEN GREEN" his Crew Chief shouted. After round two of practice was over Chase was fourth. It went Erik Jones Ty Dillion, Kevin Harvick, Chase, then Ryan Reed, Elliott Sadler, Austin Dillion, Ryan Blaney, Brad Keselowski then Daniel Suarez.
I walked back to the garage area and waited until Chase for back. Shortly after I was in the garage stall he pulled (pushed - with the help of his crew) in. As soon as he climbed out of his car they pulled him to the outside of the garage stall, out into the open sunlight, for an interview. He still had his helmet in his arms - he had just taken it off. I listened to the interview. "So Chase, you're car is doing really well so far, do you think you can win the pole?""Uh, I think so, hopefully. Thanks to my amazing NAPA Nine team, crew and all our awesome sponsers, it's  awesome to have a great team to help and just make this car so great. So I hope I can go out there tomorrow and win the race, or first the pole.""Alright thank you Chase" he just smiled at the camera and walked into the garage stall and started talking with his crew. When he saw me while he was talking and he smiled real big and continued talking.
When finished talking he came over to me, "So, what happens if you don't get the pole?" I asked. He put his left hand in the small of my back and led me away from the garages. Waving to people every now and then as we headed to his RV. "I hadn't thought about that. I mean, anything you want then.""Wait for me""Huh?""If you don't get pole that's fine - but promise you'll wait for be to be done with school and don't forget about me.""Taylor," he opened the trunk of my car for me. "Which bag should I grab?" He asked refuting to my shopping bags. "That one, that one and that shoe box" "That's it?"I felt my face turn a shade red as the heat seeped through my cheeks. "And that one" I pointed to to the small Tommy Hilfiger that consisted of a cute set of matching bra and underwear. "What did you all buy?"He started to look in the Tommy Hilfiger bag, "Nothing!"I saw him smirk. Gosh - such a boy. "Anyway," he shut the trunk of my car and I locked it  "Taylor," he grabbed my hand and kissed my palm. "I'd never forget you. You're so amazing and perfect. You're so perfect to me, how could I forget you?""I don't know, I mean there's so many other girls out there that are way prettier than me and would love to date you.""Have I ever dated a girl before?""Well I really don't know.""No, I've have crushes in middle school and freshman and sophomore year of high school but I was just so busy I never paid attention after that. I've been around pretty girls before. I mean trophy girls to the pole winner trophy girls, models and actresses that come to races for certain functions. But they all seem..I don't know, not real. None of them stood out to me like you." He paused for a second and opened the door to his RV for me and I walked in. He followed me in. "When I saw you just sitting there in the waitig area at Texas Roadhouse, you weren't even trying to be pretty but you are. You just caught my attention. And I have no idea but fate must have been on my side because the seat next to you was open. I saw my chance and I took it. I had to at least sit next to you. And I was so happy that you forgot your chord for your iPhone for your portable charger. I knew that was going to give me the chance to talk to you. You kept talking to me and I...ha I have no idea, I guess I was feeling pretty confident and a little cocky and asked you to sit with me at dinner. Then I felt my stomach sink through the floor when you almost said no. Taylor - my point is that you're so perfect to me; I could never forget you. Of course I'd wait for you. I'd wait until your ready for anything; wheather it be kissing, holding hands, hugging or even being considered an official couple. Becase I liked you a lot so quickly I don't want to screw anything up." We were standing in the middle of the kitchen/living room area of his motor home. And he was avoiding my eyes and running his hand through his hair. I guess he was nervous - he just spilled all of his feelings to me. I didn't say anything, I just wrapped my arms around his waist and hugged him. "Thank you" I whispered. He wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me even closer. "You're welcome" he whispered back and kissed the top of my head.