
When I got home it was nearly twelve thirty. But mom was asleep and left me a note on the kitchen table that read "I know you'll get home late, hope you enjoyed the fireworks! Have fun tomorrow at the big race! :-)""Mom is the best" I thought to my self as I slowly climbed up stairs to go to bed. Only to wake up early tomorrow. Anna had already beat me to my room and she was fast asleep on the air mattress on the floor of my room. She was still in her clothes from today. I on the other hand did bother to change into my pajamas. After, I took out my contacts and called Chase. "You home safely, princess?" Was what Chase answered with. "Hello to you too! But yes, I got home about twenty minutes ago. And don't worry. Mom wasn't mad!" I smiled into the phone. "That's great. It's pretty late and you should probably get some sleep but before you do, I'll meet you near the merchandise haulers. I'll be by the first Jeff Gordon one. Tell Anna Ryan will be there too and he will walk around with her and such. I have a surprise for you.""Me?""Yes princess, now get some sleep. I love you.""I love you too."
I woke up the next morning to my alarm on my phone going off. Is it morning already?I got up, showered, slipped on my white jeans from yesterday and my...my Jeff Gordon shirt is in Chase's motorhome. So I just grabbed a green and gold school band t shirt and texted Chase to let him know that I need him to bring me my Jeff Gordon shirt. He answered back within seconds telling me we'd walk to his Motorhome to get it once I get there. After I was all dressed, I woke up Anna so she could shower while I made breakfast; eggs and bacon! I made extra, more than Anna and I would eat, so my family could have a good breakfast whenever they wake up this morning. I put the scrambled eggs in one bowl and the bacon on a separate plate and set them both in a warm oven and left a note for my family.Just as I finished putting some scrambled eggs and bacon on two plates, for Anna and myself, Anna come down from upstairs in my bathroom. "Hey." She said, "It smells great! Thanks for making me breakfast...and letting me sleep longer than you.""No problem!" I smiled at her as I picked up both our plates, one in each hand, and walked over To the kitchen table. "I'll grab drinks!" Anna called across the large kitchen. "What would you like to drink?" She asked as she opens the fridge. "In the little shelf there is little bottles of SunnyD, I'll have one and you're welcome to what ever is in the fridge!" I answered while grabbing paper napkins for us.So Anna shut the double doors of the fridge, then opened the refrigerated drawer under the double door part of our fridge. "Oo! I'll have a SunnyD too!"When Anna walked over to the kitchen table I noticed her outfit. "Nice outfit you got there." She blushed. She was wearing dark wash jean capris and a red Ryan Blaney t-shirt. But the Ryan Blaney t-shirt looked a bit to big on her. "So, where did you get that shirt?"Anna just blushed even more, "Ryan gave it to me. It's his." Anna said so quietly. "OoooOo!" I teased her. "That's right! You get to cheer him on today! He's on double duty this weekend isn't he?" I smirked.Anna just quietly ate her bacon and pretended li she didn't hear me. She finally gave in, "Yeah is an XFinity and Sprint weekend.""Look at you Anna! And to think only a few days ago you were trying to bail out of these Nascar races. You would have never met Ryan!"If never seen her smile so big, "I know! I'm happy you dragged me along! But it's all on you. You're super pretty and you're amazing looks is what caught Chase's eye Thursday night at dinner. If you hadn't met hit I wouldn't have met Ryan and we both would have had a totally different experience right now.""Thank you, I'm not that pretty but thank you. You're way wayyyy prettier than me. But you're right. We wouldn't have met these guys if we hadn't gone to dinner Thursday."By the end of our conversation we were both finished breakfast. Anna took our plates and put them in the dishwasher and I threw the napkins and the empty plastic bottle of SunnyD away. "Alright, we got to get going, you have to cheer on your Prince Charming and Chase said he had a surprise for me today so we got to go!""Wait I don't have sunscreen!""I have the spray kind in my car and there was a spray bottle of sunscreen in my bathroom. I used it after I finished getting dressed this morning. Did you not see it when you got out of the shower?""Opps! I saw it but it never occurred to me that I should put some on!""Let's go you can put it on when we get there!"