
Once I got to the track, found a parking spot, and Anna put sunscreen on, she and I walked over to the first Jeff Gordon hauler we saw. I saw a boy wearing a Jeff Gordon had, hiding his face really well while wearing a NAPA/Jr. Motorsports blue polo pacing around a little. That was definitely Chase. I walked up to him from behind and whispered hi in his ear. He jumped then turned around. I just laughed at him and kissed him, he kissed me back. Once we broke apart we started to walk away, I glanced over my shoulder to make sure Anna was all safe and with Ryan. A boy wearing dark wash blue jeans, a red Ryan Blaney t-shirt with a red Jimmie Johnson hat was kissing Anna. I saw them break apart and I read Anna's lips, "Ryan!" Alright, she's all good.
After Chase and I walked to his RV, he walked me back to his room then started to walk out and leave me to change."You can change in here, I'm going to go wait for you in the kitchen area. My mom wanted me to call her when you got here because she's helping me with my surprise!" He kissed my forehead and walked away. I reached into my bag that was still sitting on the floor of Chase's room, same place it was yesterday, and got out my red Jeff Gordon shirt that said "#IWasThereJG" on the back and it listed the races of this year. All dressed, in the correct shirt, I walked out to where Chase was on the phone. "Alright mom she's all ready," he smiled at me, "We'll be there in five minutes! Thanks! Bye!""Where are we going?" All he did was smile and say, "You'll see!" Then we walked out of his motorhome and he took me around to the side and there was a golf cart sitting there. Like not a golf cart for golfing but the kinda that have actual wheels and that everyone drives around at races. Except this was painted like his car and had the number '9' on each side. "Really?! Even your golf cart is painted up like your car?!" I couldn't help but take out my phone and take a picture of it. Then I set my phone in the cup holder area (there was only room for two cups anyway.)He just laughed, "I can't go anywhere without having my sponsors with me! You should see it, when I race Sprint Cup, its all painted with the NAPA and all the other sponsors, but there's a 25 on the sides.""Is it a whole different golf cart?""Yep, I have two.""Wow."
So after the conversation with Chase over my amazement of how his golf carts look like his car we actually drove in it. Well, Chase drove and I sat in the passenger seat. As Chase drove people kept walking by and saying hi and such. "Hi Mr. Elliott!" "Good morning Mr. Silvan!" "Wow, you know a lot of people. I mean I assume you would from your dad knowing a lot of people and you being a great new driver, and then on top of that being the new Jeff Gordon."He laughed a little, "And if I don't know who said hi to me I'll just say hi back and act like I know who they are." He looked sheepish saying that. "That's always a good plan! Confidence is key!""We're here!" "The garage...?" I'm confused.Chase parked the golf cart, "Come on, I want to introduce you to my boss and a few other drivers!"I was speechless, "Y-you..w-w-what?"