
So after my phone call with Chase I walked back to the XFinity garage with him and I just kinda sat in his garage stall chatting with him and then his crew every now and then. Then the got the call that it was time to qualify. Chase all suited up looked so dang cute. He could make any girls weak in the knees. He came over to where I was sitting on the corner - out of the way. I hopped off the tool box thing I was sitting on and that put me back to only being 5'2" where as on the tool box thing I was about a foot off the ground a foot. "Alright I got to go." Chase said- helmet in hand. "Good luck- try to get that pole!" "Thanks Princess, you going to sit in my pit box?""Yeah your mom invited me when I was walking around in the fan zone. She also gave me the coolest gift!""Gift?""Yeah the Raido and scanner head sets but they're pink! Like high lighter pink - not too neon. Chase they're prefect! How did your mom know?""When we were talking and you said something about how it frustrated you that Nascar never sold the head sets in color. And then later you you you said something about liking pink and how it's your favorite color."All I did was smile even bigger and give him a hug. He hugged me back then started to pull away. Oh - that was a pretty long hug. Not. Then he started to get closer to me. Oh he was going to kiss me. We kissed until someone in his crew cleared their throat.
I was up in Chase's pit box with my new hot pink heat set. His crew chief (obviously) was also up in the pit box along with his mom. He ran a steady P6 all through qualifying. Not too bad.  But the order went; Ty Dillion was in P1, Bubba Wallace in P2, Austin Dillion in P3, P4 was Erik Jones, P5 was Daniel Suarez, P6 was Chase, P7 was Chris Buescher, in P8, Kasey Kahne, P9 Brian Scott, and finishing out the top 10 was Elliott Sadler in 10th. I heard Chase over the raido, "Ah man, we're just super super tight around the center when I'm on straight-aways. And I seem to be getting lose around turns three and four.""Alright, bring it in for now, qualifying is over we'll fix it during the first few laps of the race." Chase's crew chief said. "Eay - So I guess that pretty girl you'd been totin' around is single?" I heard one of his crew members chuckle over the radio. Oh right - Chase said if he wins pole, I'd be his girlfriend. Well I wouldn't really call us dating but I think we've secluded our selves to one another. "Uh, sorry to burst your bubble." Chase said sharply. I laughed a little and I saw his crew chief, who was up in the pit box with me, look at me out of the corner of his eye. Hs had a smile on his face and I could tell he was trying to hold in a laugh. "Oo - a little salty there young man!" Someone else on Chase's crew said over the radio. "I see you got her that fancy pink headset with a microphone. She can talk - why don't we get her input?""If she doesn't want to say anything - leave her out of it." I heard Chase say.
I went down back to the garage and as soon as Chase got out of the car he came over to me - helmet still on. "I'm so sorry for all that bull crap my crew members were saying over the radio.""It's okay," I laughed about it, it was actually kinda humorous hearing that and Chase getting all stiff as his crew was giving him a hard time. "It was kinda funny!" I said as he took his helmet off and someone from his crew came up and took out of his hand then left us alone again. "Funny?" He cocked an eyebrow in question. "You should have heard yourself over the raido - you were so stiff.""Well," he clenched his jaw, "I get protective," he leaned in closed and whispered in my ear, "Over what's mine." "Yours?" I whispered back, biting down on my lip. He knew what I was doing. I was flirting with fire - and we couldn't do a thing to help ease that fire."Taylor," he locked eyes with me then looked away. "You can't do that to me. I respect you too much but you're going to drive me insane.""Chase," I paused, should I just throw it out the window? Should I just close my eyes and jump? "Who cares? I need you, you need me. I want you, you want me. You don't have me for long."I watched him close his eyes really tight and open them again. And I then watched him ball his fists up, squeeze them really tight - as he did this his arms flexed and oh dang the muscles through that fire suit..! Then he unclenched his fists, wiped his hands on his fire suit and finally his eyes met mine again. "Taylor - I want to you know I do but...it would be against my morals and being taught Catholic...I just couldn't. I know, I'm your average teenage boy when it comes to that subject. But I really like you and I care for you. A lot. So that being said the minute you say okay to that doesn't mean I'm to take you to the closest place possible and do that. No. I care for you, I respect you and I think we need to wait. Spend more time together, get to know even more about one another."I felt awful inside - I'm a Catholic too but I'm not following that moral. "You're right. I'm sorry." I grabbed his hand just as a gesture to say 'I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.'