
So, after Chase and I had out little heart-to-heart chat we just talking about everything and anything. But then it came time for the driver and crew chief meeting and after that was driver intros then the race - the Buckle Up 200. I was invited back to his pit box again but Chase's parents invited me to the grandstand area where's it's all at conditioned and complimentary munches.
"Taylor! I'm so glad you were about to join us! I was wondering if you were going to chose here or the pit box!" Chase's mom said as she greeted me with a hug like we've known each other forever. "Taylor! It's great to see you!" His dad said as he shook my hand. "I can't wait to really get to know you! Chase has told us so much about you!" His mom couldn't stop smiling - I love her already. "Ah yes, Chase doesn't stop talking about you!" Mr. Elliott seemed pleased. Okay - that's good that they like me!We continued to chat; they asked me questions like where's my high school, what's it like, am I excited for senior year, where do I plan to go to college, what schools have you been looking at, what instrument do I play in band, what the spring musical is about that I'm playing at next weekend - stuff like that. It actually wasn't a bad chat. "Oh Chase has an off week next week - may be we should stay and you could show us around Maryland!" Mrs. Elliott said. "If you want you can but I'm still in school so during the day until two thirty I'm busy.""Oh well you can do your homework dear and then show is around!" His mom smiled.
So after more chatting - Chase's parents had gotten their plans for this coming week down and settled. They're coming to Maryland. I went to go sit outside by turn one for a bit but not too long because I forgot sunscreen. So the last fifty laps I sat outside with my NASCAR Sprint Fan Vision and I was listening to Chase's scanner through that too. "Alright," I heard his crew chief say, "Next pit stop is crucial.""When will that be?" I heard Chase answer. "With about fifty laps to go. Don't worry about it for now - you got 46 to go.""Out side out side." I heard Chase's spotter call, meaning there was a car on Chase's outside trying to pass him. I watched the track as Chase didn't let him pass. "Clear." Then Chase got close in turn three to the car in front of him. "Down - he's getting lose. Back it off or hurry up and make the pass." His Spotter called. "Yeah I'm lose too, and I don't know what to do to fix it. I just don't know.""Outside outside!" Is all his spotter answered with. "Annnnnd clear. Good job there Chase nice pass. We have another one coming up with 42 to go.""Back it down, back it down, Suarez got lose bumped Chris Buescher and he hit the wall." I watched at Chase approaching turn two where the crash was. Buescher stared to slide backwards down the track, Bubba Wallace came around and clipped the back of Buescher - hard. He spun and Chase was passing at that moment. "DOWN DOWN DOWN!" I heard his spotter yell. I let out a breath I didn't even know I was holding when Chase got by safely. "Clear - you did good avoiding that. But slow it down, caution is out.""I might have picked up a little debris on the grill though." I heard Chase say. "See how you can drive and if you can't deal with it - we'll bring it in soon.""Alright. What are we in right now?""You're in P4 with 37 to go but caution is out.""Am I coming in when pit road is open?""Yeah, two tires, half a tank" Chase's crew chief said. The scanner was quiet for a awhile until pit lane opened. "Annnnd Pit lane is open. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, you're good." "In P4 out P2." His Crew chief said. "Great job guys! How many laps to go once we go green?" Chase asked "34"
All green until two laps to go and Jamie Dick and Brian Scott got into an accident. Brian got lose when Jamie was trying to pass him and he tapped Jamie. That got Jamie lose and he hit the wall in turn three. Sliding back down the bank of the turn he hit Brian who then hit a lapped Bubba Wallace. Bubba in turn hit Ryan Blaney. This happened all as Chase was in turn four. "Back it down, cautions out. Got a wreck in turn three." Chase's crew chief said over the scanner. "Go high, may be some debris but all the crashes cars are near the grass.""Any of the cars on led lap?" Chase asked. "Ryan Blaney, he's definitely got a DNF.""Am I going to come in for a pit stop? You tell me what to do in just the diver."I looked at where Chase was, he had fallen back to P3, I don't know if the pit stop will help him. Chase's mom came to where I was sitting outside in turn one and she said we were going to walk over the bridge that goes over the track to get to the in field. I followed her as I watched the cars go around the track for caution laps. By the time Chase's mom, dad and I got picked up by a golf cart and we were driven to Chase's put box there was one lap until the Green-White-Checkered.