
As I pulled my car into the garage at my house Anna asked me, "So are you going to tell your mom and the rest of your family who we met?"I got out of the car, so did Anna, and then I went to the driver's side back seat to get my bookbag from school earlier today. Man, school today just seems like it was so long ago. So much has happened in just a few hours. Like, so much in so little time. While I got my bag out Anna walked around to the back of my car and grabbed her bags that had her clothes and stuff to spend the weekend at my house."No, I'm not going to tell my mom, I just hope she doesn't see the jersey I'm wearing. Because she knows I didn't wear this to school today. She saw me at the kitchen table eating breakfast this morning and I was wearing the blue and white shirt sleeve shirt with jeans and Keds. Now all I have is my Keds! I mean I have my white leggings I bought at Kohl's - the one that's like twenty minutes away from my house not the Kohl's in Delaware. But how I have a new hockey jersey. A personalized jersey." We were standing on the stairs leading into the back door. I shut te garage door and opened the door into the short hall way that led to the kitchen. As Anna walked in, I followed behind her and then locked the back door. "Taylor! Anna!" We heard my mom whisper/shout down the stairs by the back door we just came in. "Hey mom!" I whisper/shouted back. "Hi Mrs. Michele!" Anna whisper/shouted up the staircase to my mom. Yes - my middle name is my mom's first name: Michelle but only with one 'L'. "Goodnight Girls!" "Goodnight" Anna whisper/shouted, I said the same thing but added 'mom' to the end of 'goodnight'.
I walked down the little hallway leading into the kitchen but I stopped at a door on my left, the mud room we keep some of our shoes in there on the shelves against the wall in the small room. I hung my backpack by the handle on a hook that was about three feet from the floor. Then the jacket I wore in Texas Road House I hung on a coat hanger. Anna slipped her shoes off and put them on a shelf. I took one of the three bags Anna had and we walked through my house to the front door area and took the front stairs up to my room. This was closer to my room then taking the back set of stairs my mom was whisper/shouting down. "Ugh, Taylor! I like your big house and all but these stairs are going to be the death of me!" She whispered. For, everyone in my house; mom, dad, my grandparents that had a room on the ground floor, and my brother who was in town for the weekend - his room was down the hall from mine, was sleeping. "Geeze, you, Will, Sophie, and all the rest of our friends say the same thing!" I whispered back as we walked across the catwalk - that seperated my room from my brother's. "Wait, since when did Will spend the night at your house?" Will - my best friend ever since middle school - I'm even closer to him that Anna. "I mean when every he is over and we happend to go up the stairs or down he complains!""I know Taylor, I was teasing!" When me finally got to my room, we put the bags down on the floor and shut the door so no one could hear us when we talked at a normal volume. "Awe that's so sweet of your parents!" Anna said as I turned on the lights in my room. The air-mattress for her to sleep on was all blown up with the sheets and blankets on it. My dad blows up the air-mattress and my mom puts the sheets and blankets on it.
After we got settled in and changed into our pajamas - I was wearing shorts and short sleeve Mickey and Minnie Mouse duo. Anna was wearing long pants with donuts all over and a short sleeve shirt with a donut and a cup of coffee - yet she really doesn't even like coffee! Once changed into pajamas, I hit the lights, and we climbed into our beds. "What time do you want me to set my alarm tomorrow?" I asked. "Hmm, eight? Nine?""Eight fifteen?""That's good, oh and since you're brother is home for the weekend, which shower should I use? I mean he's in his room so I can just walk across te cat walk and go to his room!""Oo! Anna I always knew you had a crush on my brother!""Taylor! That's not what I meant! You know I meant since he's always away at college his room is vacant so I can use his bathroom and shower while you're showering!""Yeah yeah I know what you mean. And you can just go down stairs, the bathroom near the kitchen - that a full bathroom - there's the shower in there.""Oh right- the one in the corner that's all glass!""Yeah. So we should leave here at nine?""Oh - can stop at that bakery in town down the road from school? I heard they started making home-made donuts!""Anna that's in the opposite direction!""Please? I even pay for your donut and coffee!""Done!"
Taylor's outfit she changed into - his Jersey:http://www.polyvore.com/m/set?.embedder=14118561&.svc=email&id=154428647
Taylor and Anna's pajamas: http://www.polyvore.com/m/set?.embedder=14118561&.svc=email&id=154349558