
When I first heard about the movie that was going to be made here I started to freak! In the small town of High Valley nothing ever happens there was only one restaurant in town called Jewels, which is where I worked. The news made me wonder about how they even found this town on the map! As I take a bagel out of the toaster and smother it with cream cheese I walk out the door to my car. I open the door and start the engine and drove to my friend Kacie's house. I can't help but think about the movie the whole ride there, and what it is going to be like. What kind of a movie is it? Will the be paparazzi? I hoped not. I hated having my face anywhere. I never would want anyone to get involved in my life like that!
Kacie and I pull into the parking lot of High Valley High School, we scurry of to our lockers "I am not looking forward to the big social studies test today Summer! I didn't even study for it!" Kacie looks at me all worried and confused about the test. "Don't worry about it, it will be really easy probably, they always are." I responded back to Kacie in a way that made her feel better about the test. She just looked at me with a blank face and murmurs the words "you liar" under her breath. The truth was that it was always hard for Kacie to take tests. As she goes to Social Studies I am stuck going to Language Arts. When I get in the room the board says to get out our journals and start writing about are weekends. Kacie and I both thought that writing about our weekends was to much like junior high, and this is high school. The only thing that was good about this class was that I got to sit next to my other best friend Max. Once everyone got seated the teacher introduced a new kid to the class. His name was Matt and he was really cute. Super cute dark brown hair and huge muscles! All the girl that you would call "popular" were all inviting him to sit next to them. The bad thing was is the only empty seat was next to me. I don't want some new kid sitting on the other side of Max and I. This day was already off to a bad start.
After the class ended Max and I met up with Kacie in the hall. "So I heard there was a new guy in you class, is he hot" Kacie seamed really into this topic. "No he's not cute Kacie." Max looked at her with a big grin. Max had huge crush on Kacie and I since elementary school. He hates any new guys that comes in to town and is cuter then him, which makes him really cute. But Kacie and I are not dating him. I looked at both of them and said "You know nothing about boys Max." Max just grunts and turns away to his next class, and Kacie follows. I start the walk to across the school for accelerated math, which is my 2nd class of the day. As I'm about half way down the main hall of school when I feel a tap on my back "Hey can you help me find room 1055." I turn around like a bullet. When I first see him I realize that it is the new guy from first hour. I hesitate for a quick second and they say "Um...." he just looks at me with a blank face. "Are you ok." "Ya I'm ok just startled. I am actually heading there right now. just, um, follow me." I think that went well. "Well then lead the way because I have no idea where I'm going, it's my first day." "Well this way." I look at him with a smile and start walking to accelerated math! After school I try to make my way out before he finds me. to late, I feel a tap on my shoulder. "Some one tells me that you have been talking to Matt. You need to stay away from him because he is going to be with me in the end and not you!" Crap I thought, it was Addison. "Look I didn't even know that his name was Matt and there is nothing between us." I explained to her. "There better not be. but I'm watching you." she walks off with her 2 sidekicks you could say. And I start my car and drive home.