
"Oh crap!" I said while stopping in the tracks at the doorway of Chase's bedroom. "What?" He asked while sitting on the edge of the bed. "I Uh..didn't pack any pajamas..""Wear the hockey jersey." He said causally. "It's at home, my home.""Okay, we can go look in my closet and see what I have. I have basketball jerseys I have a regular Blue Jackets jersey - without my name on it. I have a Braves jersey with my name on it - if you want a jersey with my name on it.""I don't want to wear such a personalized and special jersey that means a lot to you.""Eah it's fine - you can wear it." He gave me a lazy smile. He got up off the bed, went to one of the cabinets right outside his room and got me a Braves jersey with his name on the back. I gave him a quick kiss on the lips when he gave me the jersey then I tucked into the bathroom. In the bathroom I took off my jean jacket and folded it neatly then slipped off my boots. Ah - it feels nice to be barefoot - it's an Eastern Shore native thing...and any person in their right mind! I took a deep breath as my hot feet stood on the cold tile floor, just thinking about all that has happened to me so fast. I'm just so lucky - I got to meet my favorite driver (okay besides Jeff Gordon!) and he likes me. I still cannot believe the boy that likes me is Chase Elliott! And the lips I just kissed, yeah their Chase Elliott's. I slipped out of my dress and left my bra on as I put the Braves jersey on. It comes a little shorter than the hockey jersey but that's okay - I'm just going to sleep and it's not like I'm wearing skimpy underwear. I don't even own any more risky than bikini cut underwear, but right now I'm wearing bootyshorts. They're so comfy. When I walked out of the bathroom with my dress and jean jacket folded neatly in my hands and my boots in the other hand I couldn't see. Not because I took my contacts out - they were still in, but almost all the lights were out in the motorhome. There was a dim little light lit in kitchen area. I walked out there and set my boots on the floor, then my dress and jean jacket on the arm of the couch. Then I made my way to the back of the motorhome to the bed room. I saw Chase was standing up looking at his phone that was plugged into the wall - his back was facing me. "Ah, isn't it great to be a wall-hugger?" I laughed a little. I saw him smile a little too. "Yeah but oh well.""Geeze, how do you even hold your phone?""It's just an iPhone like yours.""I know that - but it's the six plus! I only have the five S!""Babe, I have bigger hands than you." He put his phone oh a little shelf that was made into the back wall the bed was against. "I think I can manage.""True. Anyway, it's eleven something and I know you have qualifying and a race to win tomorrow so we should go to sleep." I laced my fingers through his and pulled him towards the bed. He stopped me at the edge and placed his hands on my waist and pulled me a little closer. I gave him a little smile because I knew what was coming next. Next thing I know his lips were on mine. I wrapped my arms around his torso and I felt his hands go a little further down than usual. What?! His hands were on my butt and pulling me even closer closing the space between us. After a bit we broke apart because I'm pretty sure if it went any longer we'd be out of breath. "Wow" he smiled and leaned his forehead against mine...did I mention his hands are still on my butt?!"Ha what a kiss!" I whispered with a smile and laugh laced through."Alright princess, we need to go to sleep now or I don't know if I can stick to my Christian beliefs." I knew what he meant. I blushed, "Yeah" I looked at the floor. I can't believe he said that! So we climbed into bed and I pulled this super soft Braves blanket over me. "I love this blanket." I said I to the pillow. "I knew you'd probably want a blanket so I got it from the drawer under my bed." Chase said into my shoulder. Yes we were spooning- not in any inappropriate way. He was the big spoon I was the little one. "You're the best." I said as I closed my eyes."You are." He wrapped his right arm around me so his hand was to the left of my stomach - sort of on my side but not quite. He places his hand there on top of the jersey but he tucked his thumb under the jersey. I felt the little circles he was making on the stomach with his thumb. He was pushing up the jersey a little and I was laying so the jersey was bunched up around the length area of my belly button. Yeah he clearly had a view of my bootyshorts. And yes I was an inch from touching his chest and the rest of him (besides his hand on my stomach). But you know what - that whole night he was a good boy and didn't do anything but lay his hand on the stomach area and feel the little circles on my stomach. Right before I dozed off I heard him say "Goodnight Princess." And I'm pretty sure I heard the three words. Or maybe that was my dreams.