
As we finished our dinner, Chase's parents grabbed the bill to pay. I insisted that I could pay for my meal but they said I was a guest of theirs and told me not to pay. Ryan on the other hand kept insisting he can pay for him self that to get him to stop talking, Chase's parents let Ryan pay them twenty dollars. We all for up from our table and went our separate ways. Chase and I got into my car. It was strange to be in the passenger seat and not driver's seat. Even stranger that Chase Elliott was my driver, in my car! Chase Flippin' Elliott! As he buckled himself in my driver's seat he looked down, "Nice iPhone case, I didn't know you were a fan."I blushed but thankfully the sun was setting and the pink/red sun made me look like I was already had a red face - like I wasn't blushing already!"Oh I got it went I went to Charlotte at the end of December. Like right after Christmas my dad and I went to Charlotte and we went to Jr. Motorsports, that's where I got it.""I like it, but it's old." He said while driving out of the parking lot. "What?" I said as plugged in my pink USB chord to the car plug. "My car says Nationwide on your case, but now I drive XFinity.""I know that - I don't live under a rock!" I lightly hit his sholder. "I was going to wait until I got an upgrade on my phone this Christmas and when you drive the twenty four car for sprint.""Ahh," he looked at me for a minute with a smile, "Saving you're money for a smarter investment.""Defentally!""Well I don't like you're thinking""What?" He looked over at me again and I have him a confused look. "I'll just have to get you an updated case." I looked at him, what? He's going to buy me his own merchandise?! "In fact, I just might have to get you two cases - if you've heard the news." He stuck out his tounge at me. "Chase Elliott! I have said this before: I do not live under a rock!" I teasingly scolded him. "Ohh I'm so scared!" He gave me a smirk. "And my mom never called me Chase when she was mad at me. You know Chase isn't really my name." He was trying to be a smart ass. "Hmm really, is it now, Clyde?" The look on his face was hysterical!"How do you know that they call me that?""When I visited Charlotte about two months ago, I went to Jr. Motorsports and some ladies who worked there was telling me how they like to give you a hard time because you're just a kid. And they like calling you Clyde because it does get under your skin a little but you really don't have much authority because you're just a kid!" I herd him mutter 'dammit' under his breath. I scoffed. "Okay, I need to talk to them, they don't need to share things like that!" He sounded a little mad but then I looked over at him and saw the big smile on his face.
Soon after, I knew we were almost there because I started to recognize some things. Then he turn a, somewhat sharp left turn, "Hey! Easy! This isn't a race, you're not the next Jimmie Johnson!""No, but I am the next Jeff Gordon!" He looked over at me and stuck out his tounge. "Ugh!" I stuck mine back out at him, "I meant easy on the car, I don't want my parents finding out that you caused a car accident in my car! But where are we going?""To the track, like I said.""Yeah but you turned left, we should've kept going straight.""Oh, yeah that," he looked out to his left, out the window  "I'm going to make a detour first." He looked over and smiled at me as we pulled into the parking lot of Chick - Fil - A. "What? What are we doing here?" I questioned as he got out of my car, I started to unbuckle myself when my car door opened. My heart stopped for a second - he really ran around the front of my car to open the door for me. That's the sweetest little thing really anyone has done. I smiled at him as I got out of the car. "Thank you" He only smiled back and took my hand. He laced my fingers with his. "So really, what are we doing here?" I asked again. "Now, I don't live under a rock." He stuck out his tounge as we walked to the door. You know, for it being eight thirty at night, a pretty scarce parking lot, he had to park a distance away from the door. I rolled my eyes to myself. "But for real, I did hear Anna say she likes Chick - Fil - A and I may have jumped the shark a little bit but I assumed your the one who drives her to Chick - Fil - A a bit, so I figured you'd like this place."I stopped walking for a second, as were were standing practically right outside the door. "But Chase, we already ate dinner." He smiled and leaned in and whispered in my ear, "I know. This is a treat, it's on me." Then he kissed my forehead. I smiled at him too. He was just about to walk inside Chick - Fil - A when I briefly stopped him to kiss his cheek.I saw his cheeks turn a light shade of red.