
When got to the door of Chick - Fil - A, Chase held open the door for me. I smiled at him as I walked past him and I held the second door open for him. "Aw," he teasingly pouted as he lazily hung his left arm around my shoulders. "I wanted to that the door for you""But you did, and I payed you back and held the next door open for you!" I brought my left hand up to meet his hand that was hanging over my sholder and laces my fingers with his. "Hmm okay, fine!" He stepped up to the counter "Hi, can I get two  chocolate milkshakes and a large fries please." The girl working the cash register smile and asked if he'd like any sauses. Chase looked at me with question, I shook my head no. I didn't want to make anything difficult. "Okay, yes, two Chick - Fil - A sauses please." He then proceeded to get out his wallet and pay with his cash. "Can I get a name for the order?" The girl asked. That was sort of unnecessary considering there really wasn't anyone here. "Chase" he then picked up the Chick - Fil - A sauses and put his left hand on the small of my back and led me to a booth.
"You like Chick - Fil - A sause?" "Oh course I do!" He answered with a smile. "I usually just use ketchup but only at Chick - Fil - A will I use their amazing sause. And sometimes if I get a milkshake or something I'll dip-""The fries in the milkshake!" We both said together.He laughed, "I'm glad I'm not the only one, my mom this that's just strange and gross!""My mom says the same thing!""Chase!" A boy who worked at Chick - Fil - A called out from behind the counter. He was holding a tray with our milkshakes and fries. Chase got up to go get the tray.
So we sat and drank our milkshakes for a bit. Every now and then we would dip a few fries into our drink. Just as we were finishing up a young couple came up to us carrying a little baby girl. She was so cute! She was toddler age and she had bright blonde little curls and the cutest little pink sun dress. Reminds me of my baby pictures, I had bright blonde curls and to this day pink is my favorite color. "Excuse me, we hate to interupt you, but my wife and I are huge fans,"Before the man could continue Chase stood up from the booth to shake the man's hand. "Thank you sir, I really appreciate it..." While Chase was talking I got up to take care of the trash that Chase and I had accumulated from eating friends and drinking our milkshakes. When I came back, Chase and the man were chatting and his wife turned to me, "Oh I was afraid you'd left!""Oh no ma'am, I was just throwing away our trash! Would you like me to take your picture with him?" I offered. She sort of gave me a shocked look. "Now why would I want that? If you're part of his life then we certainly support that and consider you part of the Nascar family as well." I couldn't stop smiling. What she said really just made my day. "Thank you! I'm Taylor by the way!" I offered my hand, and with her free hand she shook mine. "I'm Amanda and this is Kaitlyn" she smiled at her baby. Kaitlyn was reaching out to my wth her little arms. "Would you like to hold her? It looks like she wants you to!" I smiled at Amanda and took her daughter into my arms. Kaitlyn immediately started giggling and smiling at me. Chase and Amanda's husband walked over to me. Chase's cheast was angled against the back of my left sholder so he was looking down on me and Kaitlyn. With a smile on his face. Man, what a perfect future this would be.