
In...three...two...green!
After the caution and the race was back to green. And wow! Jeff Gordon, though he is my absolute favorite, sucks at restarts, got an amazing restart this time! He managed to move up to P2 with three laps to go! Poor Mr. Harvick's tire blew but there wasn't a caution because he managed to control it, went down low and went to pit road. So the line up now went; Martin Truex Jr, Jeff Gordon, Kasey Kahne, Paul Menard, Aric Almirola, Jimmie Johnson, Carl Edwards, Kurt Busch, Dale Jr., and Matt Kenseth. "I don't know if I can watch!" I said even though I knew no one could hear me. Jeff Gordon was so close to Martin Truex Jr. He had to make the pass! Soon I saw the white flag flash in the air, I stood up. Squinting my eyes to watch Jeff Gordon and Matin Truex Jr. They were nose to nose. I could feel the seconds slowing down as they approached turn two for the final lap. Jeff was slightly ahead, Martin Truex Jr's nose was right in the middle of the '24' on Jeff's car. As they got to the apron, which led them to turn three Jeff Gordon was almost past him! Turn four he has to drive bomb it to be certain he is golden on this win. Anddddd, yes! He did dive bomb it! Yes! The pass was finally complete and a single lone car came up to pass the flag stand has the checkered flag flew in the air. Yes! Jeff Gordon won! I just watched my favorite driver win! By that point I was jumping up and down and my head set was around my neck. I heard the fans cheering as Jeff got the checkered flag and started to do his burn out. I hugged Chase. "This is most definitely the best day of my life! I got to meet all these drivers, got all their autographs, I met my favorite driver and he gave me a personal gift, I got to spend my whole day with you, and you! You're Chase Elliott! Like Chase frickin' Elliott! Then I just sat and watched the whole race in a pit box, but my favorite driver's pit box! He has been my favorite driver ever since I could sit up my myself in front of the TV! And to add the best icing on the best came ever, my favorite driver one. But then like add sprinkles, you won yesterday! I don't know how my weekend could have gotten any better!"Chase gave me a quick kiss, "Having you meet all these drivers and giving you the merchandise was not a problem at all. But I think I've added like even more sprinkles to your cake."I cocked my head to the side in confusion. Chase all of the sudden pulled out slightly folded Victory Lane passes. He slipped one of the two into my ticket pouch thing on my lanyard that was hanging around my neck. He's right he did add even more sprinkles to the best icing ever that's on the best cake ever!