
I was walking toward the door to leave Chick - Fil - A and as soon as we were outside Chase took my hand. "Hey," he said softly and he led me to my car and we both leaned out right sholder against the driver's side door. "I'm sorry, I know we just met and I really wanted to spend the rest of evening just really getting to know you. I'm sorry my like kinda collides with a normal one." He looked me in the eyes for a second then looked at the ground. "Chase it's completely fine, I understand. That's you're life. That's why you grew up with. You handle the fame really well."He looked up and smiled at me, "Thank you. But I still feel bad - my fans interupted.""And that's great then even in a public place where you're minding your own business, you still make time for your fans. It's putting two worlds in one.""You don't mind that at all?" He looked so happy. "Why would that bother me? I grew up, ever since I was a baby, being a Nascar fan and it made be so happy that drivers always were having meet and greets and trying to meet as many fans as possible. And to see you carrying on that tridition and being the next generation of drivers to have little kids look up to you - it means a lot to me.""You know, what you said really means a lot to me." He had the biggest smile I've seen. Then he walked me to the passenger side, "So, come on, I'll take you to the track!" He opened my passenger side door and I got in then he walked around and he got in the car. "I'll give you a tour of the track and garages tomorrow if you'd like." "Oh, tomorrow is Fiday, I don't know if I'll come to Dover tomorrow." I looked out my window so I didn't see the look on his face. Then I felt his right hand lace his fingers with my left hand. "Oh, just Saturday and Sunday?" You could hear it in his voice, he was kind of...down. "Well, driving to Dover is kinda a distance for me. About an hour.""But I really can't see you that much and I...I want to see you again." What? Did he just say what I thought he said? Did Chase Elliott say he wanted to see me, me, again?"What?"His face turned a little red, "Yeah, I mean I really like how you like me as a person not because people know who I am and how much money I can make."I squeezed his hand, "I'll see if I can come to Dover tomorrow.""It would be less crowded..." He encouraged. "But Anna and I might go shopping in Annapolis tomorrow." "Annapolis? That's the opposite direction! Come on, if you go shopping in Annapolis you'll have to pay Maryland taxes and you have to pay the toll to go over the Chesapeake Bay bridge."I laughed, "Chase you're really good at trying to get me to come back to Docer tomorrow!""How about this, you come to Dover tomorrow, with Anna, she can hang out with Ryan for a bit. And while Ryan and I have practice runs, you two can go shopping. Then later ryan can drive Anna and I'll drive you in your car back home." He said as he pulled up to the gate at the Dover track.