
As soon as I pulled the High School Musical movie out of the cabinet the TV was sitting on, I heard Chase behind me. "Oh gosh!"I was sitting on the floor just in the hockey jersey still, holding the white leggings folded up in my hands. I was sitting like a proper lady should sit in a dress if she was sitting in the floor and I had my right arm locked and supporting me. The palm of my right hand was against the cool laminate (I think..) wood floor. "Taylor, we are not watching High School Musical!" As he came closer I turned and looked at him. I don't know how but somehow I wasn't drooling; he was only in dark navy blue cotton sweat pants and grey ankle socks. Yeah, that's right ladies, no shirt. I assume that was because the sweatshirt he was going to wear was still sitting on the couch where he left it to go get my leggings from my car.  "But Chase, it's High School Muscial three!" He rolled his eyes through a smile, "Alright fine, but I am not singing along!""Why do you even have the movie?""My niece.""Ohh right!"
So he put the movie in and we was about to sit down on the couch but first grabbed his sweatshirt and put it on. Darn, that was are ally nice view. A damn fine view. "I'm gonna go to the fridge and grab a bottle of water, would you like anything?""Hmm, what do you have?" I stood up from the floor from when I was looking though Chase's DVD collection. "Come on," he placed his hand in the small of my back and lead me over to te little kitchen area. He opened up the fridge, a full size fridge by the way. He stood behind me as I bent over a little to look inside. Hmm, he had water bottles, blue and orange Gatorade in the big and little bottles, a half gallon on two percent milk, bottles of orange juice, a pitcher sweet tea and a case of four of those starbucks in glass jars. "Ooo, you don't mind if I drink the starbucks in the glass jars do you?" I looked over at my sholder at him."Nah, I have k-cups for hot coffee, I'm not that big on the iced and cold coffee. Help your self."Ugh, except they were in the very back of the fridge. So I bent down further and I felt Chase's jersey raise up even more when I bent down. I knew instantly my face was on fire. After I grabbed the glass bottle I quickly stood up and turned to face Chase. He took a step back. "Sorry!" We both said at the same time. "What are you sorry for?" We said at the same time again. I kinda felt bad that I even asked, I kinda knew what he meant he was sorry for. "Chase, I'm sorry! Why should you be sorry? I'm the one who keeps bending over and kinda putting myself up for that one.""But I should have respected you, I feel like such a prude now."I laughed a little, "Prude? Geeze you talk like my mom! But really, you're just doing what any guy would do - look. I was the stupid one and haven't put on the leggings yet.""Don't."He closed the fridge and walked over to the little couch and TV area. Did he just say don't? As in DONT out the leggings on?