
So, after I told him I liked him back, he said again, "Stay with me.""Chase, I can't stay the night here." "Please Taylor," we were still sitting criss-cross (applesauce!) Indian style on the couch. He reached over and started playing with my fingers. "We don't have a lot of time together right now.""Chase, as much as I would like to, I already told my parents that Anna was spending the night - the weekend at my house."All he did was stuck his tounge out at me like he was a little six year old boy who didn't get his way. "So if not that, have you thought about my proposal for tomorrow then?""Remind me what that was again." I turned to look at the screen at the movie. "This is my favorite part!" I jumped off the couch. This was the part where Troy and Gabriella are singing 'Can I Have This Dance' and they're dancing all around. And I began singing along, "Take my hand, take a breathPull me close and take one step," Chase stood up from the couch and took my hand and pulled me close just like I sang. "Keep your eyes locked on mine," I continued. I looked into his eyes and he looked into mine. He smiled at me. "And let the music be your guide." I finished my verse. "Won't you promise me." He sang. Woah, he sang, his voice was actually, really good. And he knew the words - to High School Musical!"We'll keep dancing wherever we go next" he continued to sing. He was spinning me around and we were dancing in the little space that we had of his RV. But some how it was like I was in the movie. Not Troy and Gabriella, it seemed like it was Chase and Taylor. "It's like catching lightning the chances of finding someone like youIt's one in a million, the chances of feeling the way we doAnd with every step together, we just keep on getting betterSo can I have this dance (can I have this dance)Can I have this dance" We sang together. "Take my hand, I'll take the leadAnd every turn will be safe with meDon't be afraid, afraid to fallYou know I'll catch you threw it all." His voice was so good. I didn't know he could sing!
So we continued until the song was over and we were then leaning fore head to fore head. "Wow," I breathed. "You're voice," I whispered to him, "It's so good!" "Nah, your voice - that's amazing!" We were breathing in eachothers breath and still whispering. "You said you were in the band playing for your high school's musical? Why aren't you singing Taylor?""Well the theater kids at my school are weird," I let out a laugh, "and I've been playing flute ever since I was in third grade so I feel like you know... And plus my friends are in band so.." "But you're singing - you sang so well!""Oh well, you though, you're singing is, just wow. I didn't know you could sing!""Well Taylor," he laced his fingers with mine and lead me to the kitchen area and we were leaning against a small little island thing. "You see, in a race car driver, I don't necessarily sing over the raido to my crew chief." We bother laughed. "So, as I said before we started dancing and singing, you come to Dover tomorrow, with Anna, she can hang out with Ryan for a bit. And while Ryan and I have practice runs, you two can go shopping. Then later Ruan can drive Anna and I'll drive you in your car back home?""Sure, I don't have a problem with that unless Anna doesn't want to hang out with Ryan. Becaus then I won't spend as much time with so so she doesn't feel like a third wheel.""You're such a good friend." He hugged me from behind. So my stomach was against the little kitchen island, his chest was to my back and we were both half paying attention to the movie.