
After I asked is Chase was going to kiss me or not he cracked a small smile and closed the small space between us. That's right he kissed me. And oh boy talk about sparks flying. We broke apart after a few seconds. "Whoa" he breathed. We had our fore heads against one another again. I giggled a little, "You know when you hear the whole sparks flying and all?""Yeah""I totally know what that feels like now"All he did was smile and kiss me again.
After listening to a few songs and dancing to them, kissing here and there we decided to head inside before the mosquitoes eat us up. "Babe?" Chase asked as we were walking through the living room - we just walking inside my house. "Yeah?""What are you doing..like this summer?" "Um - I have a job at Bath and Body Works and Tommy Hilfiger. I know around the Fourth of July my family is going to Florida because a whole bunch of birthdays in the family are in the summer so we're going to Disney World. And at the last week of July and first week of August I have band camp - for marching band. And I cannot even miss a day if  sick. Especially since I'm drum major." We were walking up the stairs to my room by then. Just to chill I guess. "Oh" his voice sounded down."Why? What did you have in mind?""Well I don't know what your parents would say - they'd probably say no but I was wondering if you'd travel to some races with me.""Chase - I'd love to but any right parent wouldn't let their teenage daughter range freely with a teenage boy for the summer.""I know, but it was worth the shot...What do you think would make them say yes?""I don't know - probably knowing that you're parents would be around us and that I don't sleep in the same room as you. Because most parents think all teenagers crave sex 24/7.""That's true - I mean if I was a dad I wouldn't let my teenage daughter go off with a teenage boy. But Taylor - I respect you I would never do anything you don't want to. Even if you wanted to go all the way I wouldn't because I'm not ready and I hope you respect that."I hugged him - he really is the best to bring home to mom and dad. Shortly after I herd my phone vibrate on the dresser. Chase and I broke apart from our hug and he sat on my bed - we were chilling in my room."I got a text from my brother." I said. "What did he say?""Hey, the fam is going to grab a hotel room in the hotel I'm in because I have a mini concert thing early tomorrow morning and they all want to see it. Mom and dad say goodnight - tell Chase it was nice to meet him & since its 10 @ night they hope he's gone back to the tack by now. Love you too Tay - Z"I blushed a little, "Oh haha its a little past that curfew then!" "Taylor, Babe, come back to my motor home." He came up from behind me and hugged me. "What about Anna?" He had me almost convinced.."Text her and she'll stay at Ryan's, and she has clothes because y'all went shopping earlier today so there's your clothes and hers in your car.""Done."He cracked a smile, "I knew I could eventually do it!" I gave him a quick kiss, "Alright - let me change out of my dress and I need to pack a small bag.""But Taylor, you have clothes in your car." "Alright I could wear them, but I thought I'd be supportive and wear this blue NASCAR shirt that had this kid named Chase Elliott on it." I broke away from his hug and started to walk towards the doorway. I was hard to keep a straight face when his face read complete shock. "No, wait!"I burst out laughing, "I was kidding! I'm going to change into jeans right now and the tee shirt I have with your name on it that I'll wear tomorrow. But I also have to bring my Jeff Gordon shirt along just incase.""What ever you want to do babe. You still going to use your travel size shampoos and stuff in that bag you had?""Yes!" I answered while pulling my Chase Elliott and Jeff Gordon t-shirts off the shelf in my closet. I grabbed a pair of dark wash skinny jeans from the dresser drawer and walked into my bathroom that was connected to my room. When I walked out from the bathroom I saw Chase, who was sitting on the edge of my bed, raise his eyebrows. "Yes?" I asked. "You took dark wash jeans in with you and you come out in white jeans.""Oh well the white skinny jeans looked better with this shirt. You know the white on the number nine and the white that is the writing in your name.""Ohh" he said walking closer to me. He took the bag off my shoulder and set the small tote bag on the floor. "So," he wrapped his arms around my waist. "You know how you said you liked some of my, uh 'assets'?"I felt my face get hot. "Yeah" I said breaking eye contact from embarrassment. "Well, I like yours too" he said as his face got a little red and I felt his hands move to where my belt was on my pants - right above my back pockets. "Well you know what?" He raised his eyebrows waiting for my answer. "I'm glad we both agree with one another about each other." I said then kissed him.