
After walking out of the garage I turned to Chase, "I cannot thank you enough! I can't believe that I met my favorite driver!""I have another thing to finish out the surprise. Come on princess, I have one last surprise set up on the kitchen counter."So with that said we walked back to his motorhome, as we got to the door Chase told he to cover my eyes. "Cover my eyes?" "Yeah, I don't want you to see the uh surprise until we're in the RV.""Okay, but when I trip up the stairs you can pay for my hospital bill.""You won't. Now hold my hand and I'll lead you slowly up the three steps. One." He helped me up the first step as I blindly guessed how high the step is. Oops, I kinda stomped my foot as it landed on the second step. We did this until I felt Chase tug my hand and I was walking on flat ground. I'm assuming we were walking over to the counter. "Can I open my eyes yet?""You sound like an impatient six year old!" He laughed. "Annnnnd, you can open your eyes....now!"I opened my eyes right away. I gasped. What was sitting on the counter was a whole bunch of merchandise signed by every driver I met today. There was a plain, bubble gum pink helmet signed by every Sprint Cup driver I met today. Then there was a whole bunch of Jeff Gordon merchandise because Chase knew he was my favorite. There was a lot of Jimmie Johnson, Kasey Kahne, and Jr. merchandise as well but not as much as the Jeff Gordon merchandise! There was 1:64 diecasts of every Sprint Cup driver's paint scheme for this year. There also was 1:24 diecasts of every Sprint Cup driver's paint scheme today - oh my gosh they were all autographed! "Chase! This is absolutely amazing! I love you so so much!! But I mean, this must as cost a fortune!""Get that concerned look off your face! It was no big deal. I bought some stuff but also some stuff was a gift from the drivers. Now that jacket that Jeff gave you was a personal gift from him to you. I didn't even know about it. I do want to let to you know all the 1:24 diecasts that are autographed, there is also every paint scheme for the year in 1:24 diecasts from all the Team Hendrick drivers. They are also all autographed."I just gave him a hug, wrapping my arms around his neck. His hands slipped into my back pockets. Then I pulled back a little bit so I was facing him his hands were still in my pockets, "How did you even get this organized so quickly?""With the help of my mom and having the blessing of knowing a lot of people in Team Hendrick. Thank goodness your favorite driver is in my team."I laughed and rolled my eyes, "Wow" I said then gave him a quick kiss on the lips. "Alright princess, let's go get our seats for the race.""Where are were sitting?""Jeff Gordon's pit box." He said so nonchalantly.I know my eyes got so wide, like ten times the size they usually are. "No way.""Way." He smiled at me. "No Way!""Way." "Oh my gosh!!" I knew by now I was basically jumping with joy and excitement.