
It started when I was born, the burning. The screams of pain shooting up my arm at random times, I thought it was normal, I thought I was fine, at first.
You see in my society life is cauterized by your tattoo. Life is not measured necessary on your choices, more on what The Council thinks you will be when you are born. As soon as any child is born they are given a mark, a permanent mark, a tattoo that tells you what there job they will do plus, where they need live. If that's not were your parents need to live, well, bye bye mom and dad.
I was one of those children. My Biological parents, apparently, were unknown when I was born. But honestly I know what happened, I was separated from them. The worst part is my parents will most likely never known I'm there kid, when u have a child that can't stay with you, of course most parents say no and try to keep there child, not all do that, but some. If you resist they change some of your memories, to erase all Conflict.
Everyone's mark slowly applies information to the brain, kids still go to schools but that's just to learn our future jobs. Right now I'm walking to the Gym (also known as my high school) it's about 20 minutes from my shelter. My future job is supposed to be in the military, I'm honestly fine with that, I don't mind fighting or exercising. The only problem is my tattoo (an anchor) causes pain. Let's just say that's not normal at all, I've looked everywhere to see if I can find it in books or on websites, it's unknown to all sources.
At first I thought I was fine, thought it was a scab or that I hurt my wrist at school. Then I thought maybe it was all in my head, because come on how could a little tiny black anchor (which stands for strong) about the size of a dime hurt that bad. Now I realize how much pain it actually brings, the pain is almost unbearable sometimes. But I push through, because that's what I do, I live through the pain and be strong.
Authors NoteI hope you liked it. I 100% accept ideas and pleaseCOMMENTSHARE VOTE Thanks for looking
P.S The picture at the top is how her tattoo is supposed to look.