
"Hey get back here!" The guy yelled at me when I ran to my bike before he got up to me. Later on I got home but my mum was outside crap I could already tell she's been drinking when she walked to me she was wobbly.
"We're the hell were you?"she yelled "I was dealing with some people"I said walking past her a bit. She graved my hoodie and threw me down "this is the last time you come home late!"she said pulling me inside "sorry..."
She glared at me and threw me again but harder after that She kicked me, I curled up into a ball "Ahg mum stop please!" I yelled but she didn't she kicked harder I started to cry a bit "s-stop!"I yelled but again she didn't after a couple minutes the pain I felt was gone I kinda just laid there with tears falling down
Yeah sure she stopped but that didn't mean all the pain stopped.*Next day*
I got up early just to ignore my mom. I threw on a my chemical romance shirt,mblack ripped skinny jeans, and my converse that had batman laces. I walked down and there sitting in the kitchen was my mum how exciting.
I walked to the fridge graving a apple she just stared at me "what are you going to say don't eat my food?" She shook her head and I shrugged and walked sitting at the table "Your leaving with your father today at 9:00." "W-what?! W-why no anyone but him" she shrugged "you'll come back just next year" I sighed
"so I have to wait? Until 9?"I asked her. she nodded "well I'm off" I laughed "bye my little devil"I said then got up walking to my room I laid down."remember he's coming at 9!"she yelled "okay I get it!" I packed while head music.
Just to give you all information of my dad his name is Nathan wait get it Ethan Nathan ignore my stupidness okay. He left us I was about two thats when my mum turned into a abusive alcoholic bush now I'm going back I'm not really excited because there's probably going to be other kids.
About 8:58 I head honking outside I got up and walked down I saw my dad waiting for me with a girl I'm guessing his wife she was beautiful but nah my mom is more wait what am I saying?
What ever.
"Ethan?" He asked me I nodded he stared at me down then up "You don't like what you see do you?" He shook his head "no you just look different the last time I saw you, you were wearing brighter clothes not just black" he said "well I guess this is what your stuck with" he nodded "Ethan meet my wife Ana"I waved and she brightly smiled "where's your mother"my dad asked me
"Work." He nodded then a girl came out blond and pretty prepy
"Lana meet ethan, sorry Ethan this is a girl from across our street"
And i need to meet her?
I waved and we started to walk to the car. "Woah you have such little belonging" "well yeah its not like I need my whole houes...."she shrugged and I just looked at the house
So long and goodbye making that MCR but changing it...don't hurt meh pwes!
So back to my dad he lives in Ohio so this is going to be. Along plan ride...(⬆️Ethan I guess😝)