
My mind blacked in and out of consciousness...Everything was hazy and a chills were running up and down my spine...I tried to speak. I didn't know if I did. I couldn't hear. My eyes were wide open now, and it took a while for them to adjust. Wheream I? I got up my strength to look to my left... It felt strange and I had to strain myself to adjust my eyesight again. I was in a room, mainly white...there was a wooden door and the floors were spotless. I shifted my exhausted body over to the right. A machine and a few other devices were hooked up to one another and a clear, thin tube was hooked to it. I followed the tube slowly from the bag of clear liquid to it... It was in my hand! Whatever the liquid was, it was pumping into my system! I struggled up weakly. Panic was rising and my chest was heaving. I grabbed for the tube and yanked it out, it stung and a long needle came from my skin. "Ouch" my hearing came back. I rubbed where my hand was punctured and tried getting up...yep not working. I tried again, grunting and wincing as I pulled on the side of the table. The air was cool and it took a while for me to settle my feet... Holy Hell... I was seriously starting to get worried. With my balance came the flood of memories... I remember the way my partner was looking at me with hopeful eyes. Big and blue with tousled blue hair to match. He was a year younger than me and my prodigy at first but then we were assigned partners. It was an experiment. Mainly a mission though, at least that's what we were told. I still remember being strapped in the Gladex Code Denominator, the 'miracle machine' or our century. The miracle that was supposed to warp me and... Him to another world, where we were called to be. I was against it but, like he always did, he convinced me that it was our duty to do so... And the last thing I remember is everything going haywire and the terrified look in his blue eyes. Pain, suffering, shock, so many things I saw swimming in them as he was being electrocuted.. Now I'm here. Standing in the middle of this room. There were no sharp edges, it was surprisingly calm and serene. I made my way to the door. This was bad, I don't remember what I was supposed to do here anyways, or if this is even the right place... My mind kept trying to linger back to those blue eyes, the way they looked at me... How much I missed him right now... Stop. I don't need this. I need to get out of here. Emotions won't help me in this situation. Okay, I need a weapon and a map of this place perhaps. I was about to turn the knob but I heard footsteps and two male voices. "Dammit!" I freaked. Do I hide or go back on the bed. My mind reacted too fast and I hid in the first best place I saw. A small decorative closet that had a few medical necessities inside. I calmed my breathing as best I could and waited... The door opened and the two walked in. An older, rough voice and a younger lighter voice. "W-where is she?!" The younger one asked."..Don't worry Kaneki. We will find her. She couldn't have gone too far. Go warn Touka," the older one responded, surprisingly calm.The younger one left in a hurry but the older stayed.. No, no! Leave just please leave! He looked around for a while and then shook his head... Phew. He left and didn't close the door all the way, even better. I waiting until I couldn't hear the footsteps and ventured out of my cubby and into the hallway. Okay, weapon and then escape, or escape first. My mind was too busy to think! I was quietly working my way down the hall. Stay quiet. Stay quiet. I had to keep reassuring myself this way. I came to a door that didn't look like another room and peeked inside. "What?!" I jumped back quick, startled by the harsh female voice."How the hell did she just get up and walk away?!" She bantered on.It was the same young man's voice. "I don't know Touka but she has to be somewhere in here! So you get the left, I'll get the r-" she interrupted his plan. "Whatever, leave it to me," she walked over to the other end and walked down another hall. One less to worry about... The boy stood there, apparently not knowing where exactly to start. I peeked a little more, seeing that he wore a white apron and an eye patch with black hair paired with grey eyes. Wierd... He went to a storage closet and opened a few doors. Then I saw it! On the counter; a knife! Not really sharp but good enough to do the job if needed! I gave into my instinct and sprinted full force for the it!../////////::::://////////::::://///////:::Heeeey guys I hoped you enjoyed this first chapter! Tell me what you think so far please! And if you have any criticism do share it is helpful! See you readers IN THE NEXT CHAPTER!!👇