
"Can we go to the mall? I need shopping to cheer me up," I asked Aiden.
He looked down at his phone then back up at me. He simply nodded and we started walking to our destination. The mall wasn't so far from the graveyard. It was about five-six blocks away. And since I'm fourteen and Aiden's fifteen, neither of us could drive. So walking was really our only option.
"Dianne?"
"Yes Aiden?"
He let go of my hand and rested his hand behind his neck. "There's something I need to talk to you about," he said.
I sucked in my cheeks. "Sure what is it?" I asked, trying to hide the fact that I was scared.
He weakly smiled and looked at me. "Next week I have a fieldtrip to go to. I've told you about the community service club I was in right?"
I nodded. Of course I remembered it. There this community service club at his school where people only joined because it was popular and because they get to go to places like France and Disneyland. They didn't even do it for the service. It pisses me off.
He continued. "Next week, we're going to D.C. to do some community service work for the First Lady. I'm going to be gone for a couple of weeks."
I shook my head, knowing that as soon as he opened his mouth, I would be disappointed. I didn't know what to say. He's been blowing me off for the past few weeks and now he's going to leave for a couple more? Even though he was right next to me, I already felt like we were apart.
"And?" I said, trying to sound like I didn't care that he was going to be gone. Which completely worked because he doesn't seem to care enough to look passed my reactions.
He furrowed his eyebrows. "It seems like you don't care that I'm going to be gone. Are you sure you're going to be okay?" he asked.
I took a deep breath and cleaned up my act. "Of course I'm going to be fine," I said. Even though it was a complete lie, it was completely believable to him.
"You are?" he raised his eyebrows at me, as if I said something wrong. I removed my hand from his and stopped walking. I faced him.
I looked into his eyes and wondered why he was even here in the first place. "Why wouldn't I be? You've been blowing me off for the past couple of weeks. You being across the country isn't going to feel any different." I felt bad that I said that. But he deserved to hear the truth.
I saw the hurt in his eyes. He had nothing else to say. So I turned back to face our path and continued walking. He followed, but we didn't say anything else the rest of the way there.