
A/N from Author.....Hey fellow Wattpad readers! So before I start posting the chapters, there are a few things I want to establish. First of all, yes the main girl in the story is played by me, ot at least my name was used. If you have a problem with that, then I kindly suggest you leave now. I used my name because as you can see, I'm a HUGE IM5 fan, or 5er. I was thinking of changing it to another name, but I never exactly meant to post this story on Wattpad. It was something that was just for my own entertainment, but I decided since I already started posting another story on my channel, might as well post this one as well. So excuse me if the main character is annoying. I'm pretty annoying myself sooooo....
My second note is that this was my first story I've ever created. So it's going to be a little- what's the word to describe it- interesting, and some of the chapters may go by too quickly. I apologize in advance for that. I was extremely into this story when I was writing it, but most of the things here are going to be really cliche. I wrote this story not thinking that it would be out in the public, so I kind of did whatever I wanted to with this story. There are times when the scenes are really stupid and awkward, and totally unrealistic. Or too happy. Some of the chapters might not even make sense, but I guess that's the beauty of writing right? So if you can't take stories that are too cliche and really weird, then I guess you should leave my story now.
My third note is that the story is going to jump from different people's point of views. So don't worry about scenes being extremely unexpected. That's not going to happen much here. Oh, and it's going to be pretty "musical". There's going to be a lot of times where I have to tag in a song because someone is singing or something.
My fourth note is that the fanfiction will consist of the original members of IM5. So which means that in my story, Dalton and Will are still in the band along with Cole, Dana, and Gabe. I didn't find any reason to exclude them from the story when I was writing it. I wrote this a while back, so the members of IM5 are a little younger than they are now at the beginning of the story
My final note is that these chapters are probably going to be up pretty fast, since they were already pre-written. For those of you who are reading my other story What's Meant To Be Will Be, the chapters on that story will be posted a little slower than the chapters here. I'm extremely sorry if you're waiting for my update for that story. I've had a lot of things going on through my mind, but I promise I'll update soon!
So I think that's it. I hope you enjoy this story and may all your dreams and wishes come true! -Dianne
***
DIANNE'S POV
*FLASHBACK*
"Mom, are you sure we're going the right way?" I asked as she stopped at an intersection.
It was a sunny day. Mom decided for us to have a mother-daughter day since it was Mother's Day since my dad was working and my two sisters were too busy with college stuff to worry about.
"Of course Dianne. When am I ever wrong?" she said as the light turned green. I giggled as she continued driving.
We were on our way to park because Mom wanted to have a picnic. She was in the driver's seat and I was right next to her choosing a song to play on my phone. I couldn't find a good song to play so I just pressed SHUFFLE. My favorite song from my favorite boy band played. It was called "Touchdown Dance" by the very talented IM5.
Mom rolled her eyes when I started singing and dancing all crazy-like. I smiled, thankful for my mom. I can be all crazy and she wouldn't care. Mom and I have a special relationship. She loves me for me.