
Mom stopped the car before the train tracks because the red lights started flashing, signalling that a train was coming. I was about to harmonize with Will's high note. I held in my breath but then suddenly I felt a huge impact on my back. I felt a sudden crash. I turned around and it took me a while to realize some car crashed into us and pushed us into the train tracks. I sat in my seat for a second in shock and in pain until I remembered that I only had a few seconds to get out of the car before I get hit by the train. I grabbed my phone, unlocked the car, and ran out.
Mom on the other hand, was stuck in the car. Her seatbelt was stuck and she just sat there screaming for her life. I tried to run after her but someone was holding me back. I couldn't tell who it was because I was crying and screaming for Mom to get out, but it was no use. I turned around covering my eyes and started screaming as the train passed by and hit my mom, taking her life away. I wanted to die with her.
*END OF FLASHBACK*
After my mom passed away, my life started to go downhill. I rarely see my dad now because he had to get a job as a truck driver to pay for bills and stuff. My sisters are so busy with college and their boyfriends doing who knows what. My sisters rarely come home and my dad is only home like once a month. I do keep in contact with my dad for a few minutes every day, but I never actually get to spend time with him. I don't spend time with my family as much anymore. My family is broken.
I spend most of my time with my fifteen year old boyfriend, Aiden. Aiden is my nextdoor neighbor. Our parents are really good friends so Aiden and I practically grew up together. Since the accident, his family has been taking care of me.
Aiden's father has been homeschooling me ever since first grade. I'm not exactly like other girls, sadly. Aiden tells me that I'm very shy. And I'm really a socially awkward person too. Because of that, Mom was my best friend. Besides that, Aiden was my only friend as well. He tried introducing me to some of his school friends, but that didn't work out very well.
Since I'm homeschooled, I don't really understand the high school life. Aiden went back to school a few weeks ago and now I feel really distant from him. I mean yeah we do see each other every day, but it isn't the same anymore. He's starting to turn into those teenage boys that try to act all cool, to the point that they're not.
"Dianne are you okay?"
I snapped out of my thoughts remembering that Aiden was right next to me. I sighed and wiped the tears from my eyes.
He offered me his hand and helped me get up. It's been exactly a month since Mom passed away, so Aiden willingly took me to the graveyard where her lifeless body was buried.
"Thanks for taking me here Aiden," I said as he wiped the tears off my cheeks. I set down the flowers I brought for Mom right beside her tombstone and took a step towards Aiden. I wrapped my arms around his torso as he kissed my forehead.
He sighed. "Anything for you Dianne."
I looked into his eyes to see any sign of lying. And there he was, looking passed me, with many thoughts in his mind that I wish I could see. Even though I wish I could say he was always there for me, I knew that I couldn't. He wouldn't do anything for me. For the past weeks since he started school, he's been ditching me to hang out with his friends whenever we planned to go on a date or something. He stopped calling me "Babe" and his Instagram is full of pics with girls from his school. But I shouldn't be worried right?
I've always wanted to talk to him about how I feel, but just not today. Today's the first time I've talked to him in weeks and I really don't want to argue with him. I ignored my urge to talk to him about it, and I locked my hand in his.