
"Jay,you should've seen Alex." I said to Jay,the groundskeeper who was our friend."I know Logan is cruel and rude to you,"Jay said looking at me,"but fighting won't fix the problem.""Yeah well, he was being rude to Sarah." Alex said,taking a sip of his monster," I'm her guardian and friends, it's my job to protect her.""Yeah you did." I said smiling and getting a high five from Alex."We aren't going to get in trouble." Alex said as if he knew I was about to say something."It's not Locksmen I'm worried about." I muttered to myselfAfter we talked with Jay for another hour,we headed back up to the castle/school. We got to dinner just in time,and sat down at our dorm table. In this school we got separated by dorms and there was only 4 of them: Dragons, Ravens, Phoenix(that's the one me and my friends are in),and the Snakes."You two finally show up." Kait said moving over so I could sit with her."Yeah,I had to keep Sarah out of trouble," Alex said putting food on his plate," thanks for your guys help." He sarcastically said."Hey, we had better things to do." Codie said"Well,my better thing was watch Logan Grayson make fun of Sarah." Alex said looking at all of them."We're sorry." Page said looking at me."Thank you."Alex said"Not you," Page looked at Alex," we are apologizing to Sarah."I almost laughed,but then the door opened and Logan came through it, with a couple of his friends.Professor Lappet,the dorm advisor of the Snakes, looked at us while Logan whispered in his ear. Then, Lappet whispered in Professor Locksmen's ear, who looked at us when Lappet was done."Sarah,Alex and you, come with me" Professor Locksmen said pointing at Logan.We got to Professor Locksmen's really big office,while Logan sat down in a chair me and Alex remained standing. "As you all can see," Locksmen gestured to Logan's face,"has seemed to gotten in a little fight.""Actually,he got punched in the face,no one else got hit." Alex said "You know he deserves it." I added "Sarah, you know better." Locksmen said scorning me or trying to,anyway."Apparently not, and neither does Alex." I said"Alex, what have I told you." Locksmen said scorning Alex now."Well,that jerk," Alex said pointing towards Logan,"wouldn't stop picking on Sarah.""That's why we avoid using battle,and use conversation instead." Locksmen looked at Logan."I think I will stick to hitting." Alex said smiling."Well,Sarah as yours and Alex's punishment,you and Logan are going to be volunteers for our new class," Locksmen smiled," our health/social class.""You're kidding me." I said loudly."No,I'm serious," Locksmen stared at me," you need to learn to get along with him.""Why do I need to get along with her?" Logan asked as if I were a disease he didn't want."Because you're both from royal families, who have to fix your ancestors mistakes." Locksmen said "Fine." Logan said at the same time I said "whatever.""Come on, Alex" I said and we walked out of the office,not knowing after tomorrow my enemy would become something else.