
After training Logan, was smiling so wide. I was afraid if he smiled any wider that his face might've gotten stuck like that. We headed to dinner,and I was glad that the long tables were gone. I had convinced Locksmen to change them to round tables,and there were a lot of them. Logan headed to where my friends were sitting, and I followed him. I can say I laughed at their expressions,as Logan sat down."What is this?" Alex asked."This is Logan," I smiled," I'm pretty sure you've met him before." I heard snickers from Logan, Kait,and Page,while Codie and Chris burst out laughing."Well,why is he sitting over here?" Alex asked."I don't know,why don't you ask him." I heard more snickers,and a dirty look from Alex."Logan,so you decided to join our group?" Page said"Nope,just here for right now." He said winking at me,making me blush."Well,you do change our Sarah different colors." Codie said."I can see that." Logan said making me look up at him, my face blazing from embarrassment and just because.All through dinner, Logan, Chris,and Kait talked about fighting. After I headed to my room,where Ren was yelling at Pip."Get off me, you bloody fur ball." Ren yelled"Ren,shut it,you're not supposed to be heard." I said,picking Pip off Ren."I know,but we can't hide forever." He said,closing his eye."You know I'm gonna try." I muttered,getting ready for bed. I spent a couple hours drawing, drawing Logan,and texted Alex.Finally, I was tired enough and decided to go to bed. As I slept I didn't dream,of course when I did, they were nightmares.~Logan's POVI wanted to talk to Sarah,but Kait has told me that when Sarah's goes to her room she won't come out.My phone rang,and it was my dad,which put me in a bad mood."Hey,what's up?" I said."Logan,I need you do to do something for me." Dad said."What?" I asked."I need you to make Sarah fall in love with you." Dad said,and for a moment I thought he was joking."Your serious?" I said"Yes,you know she's the princess,and I need her on your side." Dad said."Ok, Dad I'll try." I said hanging up the phone.That night I thought of why I was doing this. I didn't want to hurt Sarah like I used to,and I did want to get with her,in more ways than I could think. I knew this was going to go roughly and I knew neither of us was ready for what comes next.