
It's been a month since I died,no reason to butter coat it,and it was mine and Logan's first date. You may be like,how did that happen,well it just happened. Here I was getting ready,with Page and Codie were making me over,and it included a hair cut. They cut it into a long,weird looking swingbob,but it was cute.I was wearing a short black dress,which was really,really short,and combat boots. "You guys, I look like a female stripper." I said,staring in the mirror. They had put eyeshadow,mascara,and eyeliner(all dark) on,and I looked like I should be in a movie."No,Page and Codie are strippers,your more of a girl whose name should be on some guys car." Alex said,grinning.I shot him a dirty look,and made Chris laugh."She looks fine." Chris said." If I weren't dating Alex, I'd date her." "Thanks,but you're not my type." I said smiling."Well,your Romeo is probably waiting." Kait said,standing up and looping her arm through mine."See you guys later." I said,as me and Kait walked out of the room.~We got to the portal,where we were suppose to meet Logan. He was looking pretty hot in his black shirt and dark denim jeans. His hair was spiked up,and it made me want to run my hands through it. I smiled,and he smiled back,looking me up and down. "Nice,that looks great on you." He said, taking my hand,and going through the portal with Kait behind us.The night was crisp,and I shivered,really wishing I had a leather jacket. We went to one of the bars that you could dance,and that was what we did. Kait even found someone to dance with,and we had competitions like who could get the more sexy,or who could get low. It was funny,and several people watched us. I would've if I were watching us to,I guess we looked like angels. This night was amazing,and it was more amazing when Logan walked me to my room."Tonight was awesome." I said,as we stood outside my bedroom door."Yeah,I had fun, I can't wait to go on another one." He said,wrapping his arm around my waist. He leaned down, I could feel his breath on my lips, and I stared into his eyes,waiting. But before he could my door opened,making us spring apart, and Alex and Chris were standing in the door,staring."What were you guys doing?" I asked them."We had sex on your floor." Alex said.I shook my head at them as they moved out of my way. Over my shoulder I said,"goodnight." Then closed the door,and got ready for bed. That night as I slept,all I could dream about was Logan kissing me.