
I woke up, my eyes felt like they'd been sewn shut,which I'd guess was from the days I'd slept. I had heard some nurses say that I've been asleep for 3 days,and it has felt like that. I just wanted to see Logan,more than I've ever wanted to see anyone. I knew know,but I wasn't gonna tell him that, I wasn't ready.One of the nurses had a radio on, the song E.T by Katy Perry,reflected what Logan was to me. I wasn't gonna tell him that either,man I really needed to stop thinking them if I was to wimpy to do anything. I got up and ran out of the room,because I knew I was about to do the unexpected.I found Logan in the gym beating up a practice dummy."What did that dummy ever do to you?" I said.Logan whipped around,and for like a minute, we stared at each other. I walked toward him,and I was a little surprised when he hugged me,like I'd disappear at any moment. The next thing really surprised me,which was when he kissed me. My mind went blank,and being my first kiss,it was more than I could hope for. I know I said before I did the unexpected,more like Logan did."What's this for?" I said,while he was still kissing me which the words were hard to get out,but it put a smile on his face. He pulled back,and I smiled back,laughing when he winked."So,you decided to wake up." He said in his snarky tone,a smile planted on his face."Well, fighting for my life was exhausting." I said,still smiling."Well..... I'm glad you won." He said.~After being reunited with my group, which had consisted of being yelled at about being irresponsible, and stupid. Some of it had been with crying to,not by me and Logan though(even though I'm pretty sure I saw him wiping away some.)Professor Locksmen was happy to see me, and he'd scorned me for trying to fight those men. Kait recapped everything that had happened the last few days,like Alex had punched a guy in the nose for calling me weak,or that Page had a boyfriend,and Logan had yelled at a group of kids who were talking bad about me.I was just glad to be back with my crew,and alive of course. I also glad that there wasn't a scar from where'd I had been stabbed. Locksmen said that I just healed right up after they got the metal out of me. I knew that he knew that I knew about his and Logan's conversation,but he also knew I wasn't ready to ask questions or anything,but to enjoy the moment that I had with them.