
Alex's POV"Chris,Sarah just gets so emotional😞,and it's so hard to deal with." I said to Chris as we walked down the hallway. We got to my room,went inside and I sat on my bed,while Chris stood by the door."She's our charge,so I see where you care," Chris says smiling," she trust you because you're one of her best friends.""Yeah,well I trust her too," I looked at Chris,"she cares and listens.""Maybe you should date her." Chris said jokingly.Damn, Chris looked so hot with his brown hair and blue eyes. I hadn't noticed Chris had moved and was standing in front of me.Chris leaned forward,his lips on mine,the heat coursing through my veins. I wrapped my hand in his hair,feeling the softness, and was laid back on the bed. His hands were in my hair, mine wanting to feel everything. After he pulled back, I was afraid he would leave."I'm not leaving." He said as if he could read my mind."Good." I said smiling,forgetting about Sarah for the time being. Only wanting to be with Chris and not care about Sarah,letting her be her.~Sarah's POVI woke up,late for class,because no one had come and got me up. I hurried up and got dressed,and ran to class. I went inside,and Mrs.Laney had already started class."Ms.Greensmith, why are you late for my class?" Mrs.Laney asked.I smiled a charming smile,which behind I was clenching my jaw angrily,"My alarm clock didn't go off." I looked around and saw that Kait,and Alex weren't in class."Ms.Greensmith,are you ok?" Mrs.Laney asked. I was worried,and couldn't think straight,because none of my guardians were with me. I also was feeling lightheaded and sick-ish.I kept looking around and I saw Logan looking at me,I thought I saw worry on his face."I need to go." I said shooting to my feet and hurrying out of the classroom.I hurried to Jay's and he opened the door,looking at me in confusion."Shouldn't you be in class?" He asked me when I got situated on his couch."Yes,"he raised his eyebrow,"I don't know where any of my friends are.""They didn't tell you,"Jay ran a hand through his hair," Locksmen sent them on an errand,they'll be back later.""Thank god." I said"You better get back up to the castle." Jay saidYeah,I'm gonna have a lot of explaining." I said leaving.After lunch,which I ate alone,I went to my last class,the new one. I really wasn't ready for it,but I might as well get it over. I entered and sat down at a table in the middle of the classroom. After I sat Kait came in and sat at the table behind me.She smiled,and mouthed"are you ok?"I mouthed back,"I'm fine." And she nodded as Mrs. Laney came in(she's our dorm mother.)"Ok,I need you girls to cooperate with Professor Lappet's dorm guys,you understand?" Mrs. Laney said."Yes,Mrs. Laney." We all said."Good." Was all she said.