
Logan's POVI can't believe that now I have to go to another class,with those freaking Phoenix's. I got punished because of Greensmith and Westbrook,but Sarah looked so freaked out this morning. I had noticed her friends hadn't been there,but why would of been freaked out because of that. I remember Mr. Lappet mentioning that her supposed friends were her guardians,maybe that was why she was freaked out.We entered the classroom to find that the girls from the Phoenix dorm had were already sitting down. The only empty seats that were open now,we're by Greensmith and another girl who I really didn't want to sit by. So,Greensmith it was,and I knew we were both shocked.She was sketching in her notebook and looked up to be startled,possibly by my good looks."Ok,students as you know we want you all to be ready for the world," Mrs. Laney looked around at us," of course you're teens and you're going to need to know this things."Mr. Lappet just looked like he always did,with a little smile on his face," welcome to Social and Health Skills Class.Mrs. Laney was handing out sheets of papers,with questions on them that we had to ask our partner,the person beside us,which I did not want to do.Mrs. Laney leaned toward Sarah," Don't hit him,when he asks you these questions,you understand."Sarah just nodded and took her questions,then handed me mine.There were questions like:1) Have you have any sexual interaction in the last few months? (I knew the answer to that)2. Do you have a boyfriend?3) When did you start your period?4. Have you ever thought of having sex?I looked up at her,and saw her reading her own questions,her cheeks blazing a pretty scarlet.~Sarah's POVI was definitely not asking him these questions,all about sex and puberty. I really didn't care about how many times he's had sex in the last two months."So, how many times in the last few months have you had sex?" Logan asked, startling me out of my thoughts."What?" I asked feeling my cheeks blaze up,again."How many times in the last few months have you had sex?" He asked again."None,why are you asking me these questions." I said,looking at him as he gestured to the sheet."Fine,if we're actually going to do this when did you hit puberty?" I asked"When I was 11," he smiled," when did you first start your period?"I blushed,because I actually started my period when I was 11,too. "11 years old."I saw a funny look cross his face,then it disappeared,almost making me laugh."How many times in the last month have you had sex?" I asked"About 12 times." He said,but I didn't let him see the look on my face,while I wrote that down."Do you have a boyfriend? He asked"No,is that on the sheet." I said,glancing at his paper."Yeah,don't you trust me." He said"With my whole heart." I said sarcastically,which made him smile."Yes,it's on the sheet." He said