
Several times in fairy tales, you read as a child that involves witches, vampires, werewolves, fae,fairies,and more. Well,in my life time, I've learned which ones are good and which ones are bad. I'm a witch myself,but I can tell you I'm a good witch. I guess my story will be told,not to human children,but to the children of my world,the wizard world. Oh,I forgot an introduction: I am Sarah Greensmith, a hard to handle,badass witch,who is so nice to look at,an unbelievable innocent,sweet(sometimes),a humorous girl,who has to save the world.~Chapter 1"Sarah,what the hell are you doing." My friend Alex,yelled up at me."What does it look like?" I yelled down at him.As a witch, I attend one of the best witch/wizard schools in the wizard world. I've been going here for years with my friends:Kait(Kaitlynn), Page, Codie, Alex, Chris, and Susan. By several students I was known as just Sarah, by the teachers Ms. Greensmith, and to the wizard world Princess, or a survivor. I'd been raised at the school by the headmaster,some teachers,and the groundskeeper. My parents had been killed a few months after my birth by someone called Cedric Labou. He had been known as the darkest wizard alive,until someone's magic vanquished him.I didn't start classes with everyone else,but I still got to start sometime. The headmaster, Professor Locksmen, had taught me everything in needed to know. I've been going to this school for 4 years,even though I was 16. I was supposed to start when I was 11,but instead I started at 12. I was still in the same class as everyone who had started at 11, which I found unfair,but I didn't get a put in."Sarah,you're going to get in trouble," Alex paused," again.""How so?" I asked making my broom go lower. Yeah, a broomstick, what did you think I'd be riding a T-Rex. You may think brooms are old fashioned,but we like them, just like the story of Harry Potter. I was decorating Professor Locksmen's statue,because it had been looking a little dull lately."Sarah,you could get hurt." Alex shoutedAlex was an average heightened guy,with brown eyes,and his hair color I wasn't sure because he dyed his hair all the time,so I liked to think of it as brown also."Fine,"I lowered my broom to the ground,"just stop your little girl complaining." I slid off the broom and handed it to Alex."Thank you,I'm going to put this somewhere safe," he looked at me,"where you can't get ahold of it." "Whatever." I said and we started walking on the castle bridge thingy, when we ran into my archenemy and most hated guy in my group Logan Grayson."Westbrook, and Greensmith." Logan said our last names as if they were diseased or something."Grayson. I said venomously,staring at himOk,this is something I'd never mention to my friends,but I thought of Grayson as hot. He had really blond hair that was nice, and his eyes were a blue that could stare into you and probably rip out your soul or make your pulse race. I guess I shouldn't think of him like that,but I did."Where are your band of misfits." Grayson said "Probably the same place your dumbass friends are." I said getting a snicker from Alex.He glared at me"I'm sure you'd know that whore." I felt anger well up in me. "If that was true,then one whore to another would recognize each other." "Ohh,burn," Alex said,"also Sarah hasn't slept with anyone,yet.""Alex." I hissedI saw him mouth sorry,but I turned and looked at Logan."Oh,she seems to scared to sleep with anyone." Grayson said smiling smugly.i felt my face blaze red,"I- I- I." I stuttered out."It seems I have rendered you speechless." Grayson said"You're an asshole." Alex said and I watched as he punched Logan in the face. After Logan stood up I was afraid he'd punch Alex,but instead he ran off.