
After breakfast I found out that my friends/guardians were back,and I was so freaking happy☺️. I ran and almost tackled Kait,and Alex,who smiled when they saw me. "Have you been staying out of trouble?" Kait asked me."Yeah,so far." I said,smiling even bigger."At least it was a so far." Kait said to Alex.I shrugged,ready to get going. I saw Kait look at me and saw worry pass her features.I really had wished I'd brought Pip with me,but so far Logan was the only one who knew. As we walked to class my mind kept going to Logan, and that's where it stayed for the rest of the day.After class, I first had to go to Mrs. Emily's class, she helped me everyday try and get my magic to come out."Mrs. Emily,are you sure we'll be able to get it to come out." I asked "No,but we should try." Mrs. Emily said.I concentrated so hard on the plant, that I held my breath."Sarah!" Mrs. Emily exclaimed."Sorry." I said, taking deep breaths."That's enough, for today," Mrs. Emily waved her hands," you have a training about right now.""I forgot." I said grabbing my bag,going back to my room,gettingPip, and running to the gym. Logan was sitting on the bleachers, looking at his phone."You're late." He said, petting Pip."I had more important things to different." I said"Like what,hang out with Alex,"Logan put his phone down," or with your supposed "guardians.""There are my guardians." I punched him in the face which I guess wasn't the best thing to do.He was shocked for a few seconds,it took me minute,after he ran into me. He practically tackled me,pinning me to the floor."Now I know what gets you going." He said smiling."You disgust me." I growled."That's not what your expression showed when I was shirtless." Logan said,smiling making my blush rise."Maybe,you should pay less attention to details." I said"But the details are the best,especially with you." He said,my blush turning a darker red."My favorite color." He said laughing."Glad it's someone's." I said,and he let me up."Someone needs to appreciate it." Logan said smiling a crookedly."Of course it'd be you." I said, playfully shoving him."Well,it's you." I heard him mutter.  I loved how we fought like kittens,not really injury, but playing.