
Imagine Dash sounding a bit like a female version of Billie Joe Armstrong :3
Dash's POV
'So what's the set-list for today?' I grin, leaping up the steps of my tourbus. My three bandmates are sat around the sofa, looking like somebody just pissed right on their parade. 'What's up with you guys?'
'Have you seen the weather?' The drummer Damien points to the window. Sure enough, rain drops are slashing against the glass windows and making a tapping sound throughout the entire bus.
'Yes, it's bloody awesome!' I laugh. 'Concerts are 10x more fun when it's pissing it down. Everybody gets more hyped up and the audience can't see how sweaty you get'
'So todays show isn't cancelled?!' He grins.
'I'm assuming not. They're setting up the stage right now' I explain. I plonk onto the couch next in between Ray and Johanna, sticking my feet up on the table.
These three people are like my family. I spend every second with them and we also get to go on stage together every night. There's Ray, the red and black haired guitarist. Jo, the silent, human-hating one who plays the bass and the slightly dimwitted, floppy haired Damien.
'I was thinking we could finish with Straight Up?' Ray says. Straight Up was our first and most popular song, and we play it at every concert.
'Yea, sure. We can just decide the rest on stage because then it's more fun. I'm gonna go get my guitar ready' I reply. I'm the lead vocal and rythym guitarist, and my old red Gibson guitar has been the only one I've ever played. It's ductaped in places and slightly broken, but it stills makes the right sounds. Atleast I hope it does. It has the Dreamers logo (a cloud with the bands name inside) printed across the front as well.
'Or you could just buy a new guitar?' Jo grins, raising her eyebrows.
'Uh, no thankyou. Gibby is my baby' I grab the neck and pull the guitar from it's stand.
'Natasha, seriously' She sighs. 'It doesn't even sound right'
You know somebodies being serious when they call me by my real name. 'Well I'll fix it after tonight. Promise' I grin, before walking to the back part of the bus to get changed. I get into some over-ripped black skinny jeans, a Depeche Mode muscel tank top with a tight vest underneath and combat boots. My tattoo on my shoulder is on show, which is just the band logo minus the writing in the middle.
I tie my electric blue hair back into a side plait, and then apply an overly large amount of smudged eyeliner. I put in my eyebrow, tongue and septum piercing before then grabbing my leather jacket.
'Okay, I'm ready!' I call, heading back into the main part of the tourbus.
Jo is in her ususal outfit of a band t-shirt (today's is Greenday), ripped light wash jeans and knee high converses. Ray is in a red Motionless in White t-shirt, black net skirt and combat boots, while Damien is in a Totoro onesie, which is normal for him.
'Alright, let's go'
---
'How's everybody doing?!' I yell into the microphone, running on stage. The girls go to connect their guitars to the wires and Damien is setting up his drum stool.
The crowd screams back and I grin. 'Obviously it's a bit soggy out today, so you're gonna have to dance around to keep warm'
They once again scream back.
'Okay, we're gonna start off with Mr Brightside by the Killers' Jo says in the microphone. Ray starts with the first few chords and I join in, following by Jo.