
"you were holding your phone down so i was able to read it, along with the gigantic bold text" he shrugged, answering my question.
I sat still confused, who the heck was this person? I took the time to see their features even though it was dark in the auditorium. He was a boy, you could tell by the deep accent. His eyes were bright and he had a black lip ring on his bottom lip. Blonde hair poked out from under his hood.
"Not my fault i'm like blind." I shrugged talking to the stranger. He smiled lightly.
"Who are you here for?" He started making conversation and I awkwardly still sat there on the edge of my seat.
"uh.. I'm here for my younger brother" I muffled out. "His whole class is performing together."
"hey, my little sister is here for the same reason" his voice was calming and it made me feel more comfortable but I still had an uneasy feeling. He could be lying to me and try to kidnap me. I'd miss my bed too much.
I nodded, not knowing what else to say. I looked back down at my phone.
zachy: sorry sorry
zachy: r u alive
me: yah yah
me: the guy next to me keeps trying to talk to me
zachy: he wants yo stanky self
zachy: Is he hot now that you have seen his face
me: he isnt bad...,,, but he isn't tyler
zachy: tyler will never love you, he doesn't even know your name sweetie pie
me: shh i can dream
I heard a laugh beside me. I looked at the blue eyed boy. I raised my eyebrows at him.
"I don't think you're stinky at all" He sent me a cheeky smile, followed by a wink that made me want to smash my face on his. I then told myself to forget those thoughts.
"Don't wink at me and stop being nosey" I playfully punched him for reading the messages once again.
"Why not, my winks are cute" he winked again. Grabbing his arm where I had hit him.
"mm whatever helps you sleep"
"hey, don't be rude, maia" My eyes widened. He just keeps surprising me more. How did he know my name.
"How do you kno-"
"We have math and science together, silly" I smiled at the pet name but was still shocked I had never noticed him before. Maybe he was one of those kids who sat in the back of the class.
I didn't even know this kids name or age and he was acting like we had been friends before we had met today.
The lights went out and the stage lit up. The boy and I turned our attention towards the principal, who give us a speech about how they all have worked hard with their acts. I didn't pay attention much as the boy next to me whispered about how he saw the school janitor pull the principle into a cleaning closet before he entered the auditorium, causing me to cringe with but laugh at the nasty thought. Maybe this guy next to me wasn't to bad to be friends with.