
Target
xXRukuXx
Levi x Eren (Pairing)
Prologue
Author's Note:
If you are reading this please make sure you read the first book of the Focus series. Thank you.
┆╳┆
"Why are you doing this?"
He looked at her with cold eyes and brought her up against the cold bare wall; strangling her. "I can't answer that question." His voice made her shiver with fear.
The woman tried to resist his grip, but it was useless no matter what. She was just an average mother. What can a mother do except care for her child and work all day to support her son. "I have a son I can't bare myself to be at lost for your own stupid reasons."
His grip became more forceful, as she grunted and tried her best to get oxygen that needs to be inhaled. "I don't care if you have a son."
A tear rolled down her cheek; wishing all this suffering would be gone. With hopes of him letting her go; freely. "P-please, I'm begging what would you do if you lost your mother?"
Cold eyes stared down at her and became something filled with sadness, "I've lost my mother already. I doubt it matters what you ask."
"So you go ahead to other people's mother to kill them to go ahead and take what has been lost?" He clicked his teeth and pushed her down on the floor, as she coughed after being in the state of a force grip.
The glance of light had revealed her face filled with fear, "I have my reasons, but sadly I can't tell you." He went close revealing a knife right in front of her eyes. She shed more tears and finally with a second a knife was stabbed right where it can kill her quickly enough before anyone can see it. "I'm sorry..."
Her eyes were getting drowsy and to see that he left a tear for her. How surprising it was for her, as she put a hand on his face. "Killing is never a choice... you can kill me, but please don't kill my son..." Her hand fell slowly to her side and with her last few words she was gone; forever.
"Don't kill me..."
My eyes shot wide open, as I looked around only to see Eren still in bed. I lifted my head off the bed and brought a hand to my head letting it rest there. "What... in the world..."