
maia >>
"mom, please do not make me go. season three of orange is the new black just came on netflix and that means i need to stay in."
"Well, according to your doctor you need to get out more." She shrugged. "you're looking a little pale anyways, plus it will be good for your brother that he knows you're supporting him" she grabbed my wrist and her keys and yanked me out the door.
I raised my arm above my eyes, due to the bright sun blinding me. My brother, tate, was in the fourth year of elementary school. His whole class decided to join in the school's talent show, playing different instruments that none of them knew how to play.
I grabbed the aux cord as soon as I got into the car and plugged it into my phone, blasting whatever song came onto shuffle first. It happened to be gold digger and my mother yanked the cord out of my phone and drove off.
As we walked into the school my mom got caught up by talking to a few other parents. I walked off from her side and found myself a seat in the auditorium. I unlocked my phone and texted whoever was at the top of my recents.
me: ZACH
not zac efron: WTF MAIA IM IN THE MIDDLE OF SOMETHING SHUT UP
me: are you trying to buy the 1975 tickets again
hopeless boy: yes and i have no fucking luck *cries*
hopeless boy: what did u want anyway
me: im sitting alone in a auditorium
me: my brother is in some talent show with his class and my mom made me go
zachy: aw poor thing
zachy: well ill let u be alone,,,
me: NO
me: BBY CUM BAK PLS IM SO LONELY
zachy: first of all not ur babe
zachy: we both know ur not my type and i'm totally out of your league
me: shut up :((
I jumped a little when I saw a tall figure sit beside me. It looked to be a guy from the look of his figure. He wore a black hoodie with the hood on so I couldn't see his face. I looked around to see if he was with anyone but he was alone and sitting right next to me.
I awkwardly looked back down at my phone to see multiple messages.
Zachy: ITS TRUE
zachy: where did u go u haven't replied in like 7 years
zachy: aw did lil maia get offended
zachy: srsly where the heck r u
zachy: I FINALLY GOT MY TICKETS OMFG
zachy: JAYSUS HAS ANSWERED MY PRAYERS
zachy: IM SEEING THE 1975
zachy: celebrate w me ho
me: some random guy just sat beside me
me: so awk
zachy: is he hot
me: IDK I CANT EVEN SEE HIS FACE
zachy: run baby run
zachy: don't ever look back
me: no time for we the kings ZACHARY
"Your friend has good music tatse" My whole body jumped at the sudden deep voice in my ear. I hadn't realized the person sitting next to me was reading my messages, my eyes wide filled with confusion. Where is my mother?