
Samantha's p.o.v.
I practically ran into the locker room and up to mystery girl, but as I was about to get to her I was pulled backwards and towards the other part of the locker room.
I turned to see a couple of girls already in their uniforms "May I help you?" They all looked pretty stuck up and rude, but I had a feeling they might know something about mystery girl. "Yea um...hi I'm Jannet and I was wondering if you would date me if I asked you because I want to know." She asked with high pitched voice.
I shook my head "Sorry but I would rather date a girl I have talked to before and make sure she isn't a player or bitch." With that I turned and as I started walking away I turned around and looked at them.
"Hey who is the blond girl over there?" I asked, the girls rolled their eyes and a few scoffed "oh her, her name is umm...I don't remember but she's really set restive and I even heard that she does underground street fighting." I nodded, happy with all the information I got.
As I turned away and looked at mystery girl I saw her putting on her sports bra and saw a tattoo that covered her whole back.
It was a pair of angle wings that seemed to be folded up, it was in black and white and seemed to almost glow with all the highlighting that the artist had done.
She walked out of the locker room and into the gym, I quickly changed to my black basketball shorts and matching sports bra and quickly ran out of the locker room before I was late. Class was pretty boring up until I heard about what we were doing today "Okay class today recently there has been a lot of muggings so the school wants you to practice a few things so that you can protect yourself, now partner up and spar...GO!" As she screamed go everyone ran to their friends for their partners.
The only person left was a random guy, I walked over to him and tapped his shoulder as he looked around "Hello partner." I greeted with a smile but he just frowned for a second until it turned into a full on grin.
"So this is the girl who broke Tony's nose, I'm Jackson and today I will be whooping your ass." His words held so much cockiness that it was sad, I looked at him confused for a second until I recognized him. He was the guy who yelled at me about taking their quarterback out for the season.
I shrugged and we got to a mat, everyone had already started and a few were even take a water break. I got into position as the coach walked over "I'm sorry to interrupt but I don't think it's such a good idea for you two to spar since he's a guy and you're a g-" I put my hand up to stop her.
I gave her a smile and looked right into her eyes "I'll be fine." With that I turned back and motioned for Jackson to start, he lurched forward and tried to hit me in the face but I dogged his punch with ease.
He tried again but I knew what he was going to do before he even do it, his posture gave it all away. When he was distracted for a second I upper-cutted him in the stomach and swiped my foot under him and hit his ankles, he fell down to the ground with a groan and as a few of his football friends helped him up.
As I walked away to get some water he stood up weakly and pushed his friends away, he gave me a lopsided grin "Is that all...Samantha." I instantly froze, did he just call me...
I pivoted on my heel and walked back to him with fury in my eyes, his cocky grin fell of his face as I walked closer. I grabbed him by the cooler of his shirt and lifted him up and looked him directly in the eye "Never and I mean never call me Samantha." With that I punched him in the nose and headed a satisfying crack, I punched him a few more times until someone grabbed me and dragged me off of him.
His friends ran to him and tried to stop his nose from bleeding so much and get him to the nurse as I struggled against whoever was holding me.
A few seconds later I was in the hallway, the person holding me was ripped off and one of the football guys walked over. He punched me right in the nose and I started to see black dots, I started to fall backwards and he gasped. I guess he only wanted to ruff me up.
As he tried to grab me somebody punched the square in the face and ran over to me, I opened my eyes one last time before blackness consumed me and saw two people. Liz and mystery girl?!?