
Samantha's p.o.v.
As Liz and I were walking to class all I could think was off the girl with the grayish green eyes, she seems shy but tough. Things I find hot in a-no Sam you can't already be falling for a girl who you just met, she's just really nice yeah that's it.
I was snapped back to the present when I almost walked into Liz "Careful Sam, we're here." She opened the door and we walked in, we were greeted by a warm smile from the teacher and a bunch of stares from the students "Hello I am Mrs. Shawnburger and I am you history teacher." She had a nice vibe to her which made me relax a little.
"Hi i'm Elizabeth and this is my sister Samantha, but call me Liz and her Sam." She said sweetly "Seriously call me Sam." I said "but what if we want to call you by your full names." A random guy from the back yelled.
I smiled "well I will slap you until-" Liz covered my mouth "you know what lets not get on that topic." She said as she dragged me to two empty seats. The teacher cleared her throat "before you two sit down please tell us something about yourself before we start the lesson." She said with a firm tone.
We nodded and stood up from our seats "my name is Liz and...I love to watch Spongebob and don't say you don't either because we all know that's a lie." She said and a few students laughed.
I stood up "To all of you there are only two things you need to know me: 1) call me Sam-" Liz glared at me "-please and 2) lets get one thing straight boys and girls I'm not." With that I sat down and watched as a few guys grumbled and a few girls started at me but one pair of eyes that stood out was a pair of grayish green eyes. I see you and I will learn who you are.
-at lunch-
Liz was sitting with a few new friends and as I was walking over a couple girls and guys ran over and dragged me to their table "sorry for the inconvenience and all but we really wanted to talk to you." One guys said as the other nodded, one of the girls stared at me with dreamy eyes.
I looked at them all confused "just one question, who the hell are you guys?!?" I said and a few girls giggled "well we are the gays and bi-sexually of the school and it's not easy being one of our 'kind' here so we wanted to welcome you here." The same boy answered as he added quotation marks when he said kind.
I nodded "at least I know I'm not alone, but what's with her?" I pointed to the girl who was been staring at me for the past few minutes.
One of the other girls laughed "oh that's Alexandra, she's gay-" the girl leaned ip towards me "-and I think she has a crush on you." She said as Alexandra blushed a crimson red, I laughed a little "okay now for introductions I'm Kacey, and that's-" she pointed to the two boys "-Jonathan and Luke, and then there is Paige and-hey where's Amanda?" She said.
"Who's Amanda?" I asked, Luke smiled "she's my little sister and the one who started this group." After the introductions we all talked, ate and laughed until lunch was over.
As I walked back to my locker Liz ran over to me "I haven't seen you so happy in such a long time Sam, what happened?"  I grabbed my stuff from my locker and headed to gym "I made some new friends who are just like me! And to make you feel better I did make some girl friends and not just guys." When I finished her face was lit up "That's fantastic!" She burst "Well I'll see you in math." With that we waved to each other and walked out separate ways.
As I walked 'round the corner I saw a certain blond haired, grayish green eyed girl walk into the girl gym locker room. I smiled time to get some answers.