
She gave me a small, shy smile and looked me in the eyes "I'm sorry I just couldn't help myself and-" Before she could continue I placed my hand over her mouth a gave her a small smile, "It's okay I was just surprised but...why did you do it, we haven't even known each other for a full day and here you are naked-" She blushed at this comment which made me laugh "-with me in a hot shower after my training full-on kissing me, so agin why?"
She let out a small laugh and looked me right in the eyes, she leaned in close "I just want t get to know you a little better." With that she pressed her body against mine again and attacked my lips with hers once again.
Her hands roamed my body but before we could continue she stopped and texted someone, when she turned back 'round I gave her a questioning look "I was just letting the others that we'll be a little while and that they can head home." I nodded as she walked back over and started kissing me again except this time her hands reached my *cough* downtown *cough* and a few seconds later she started to rub it slowly, I let out a low moan as she started to grind on my core.
After that things got steamy and i'm not talking because of the shower, and the whole time all I felt was pure happiness that I was loved and the fact that I knew she wouldn't be like "J" I just knew that should would be different.
We ended up heading back to my place to finish what we started at the gym and the fact that Liz was out with some new friends and that meant that we had that much more privacy was even better, as I opened my eyes I noticed that I was in my bed but...I was alone.
I looked over at my nightstand and saw a sticky note, it read:
Dear Sam,
Thanks fir the good f*ck and now I am done with you, I hope you didn't think that I would stick around but I have to 'sadly' inform you that if you did than you were wrong. Sorry. And just one more thing before this note is over: stay away from my friends, it took me forever to become friends with them and finally have them notice me but you just had to waltz right in and ruin it all. If you don't then maybe some dirt from your past might be dug up like a grls name who started with the letter "J' maybe. Toodle loo.
From Alexandra
(letter/note over)
Tears filled my eyes and a few traitors slipped out, I felt my heart clench as I reread the note over a few more times ad each time the amount of tears that flowed down my face increased.
She broke my heart just like "J" and I can't let what happened last time happen again, that was the whole reason why we moved, why I just got up and left behind my old life and old friends. Because I needed a fresh start and this time I won't let one girl ruin my life and let her take over.
I got out of bed and changed into simple pair of light wash skinnies, a plaid shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and a black beanie that has "Ghost Town" in cursive on it.
I applied a little makeup and grabbed a bagel as I ran out to the car where Liz was waiting for me, she gave me a small smile as I put on my seatbelt and we headed to school. The whole car ride I thought about what happened and what I would do.
When we got to school everyone tried to get my attention but I just plugged my earphones and put "Voodoo" by Ghost Town on full blast, as I got t my locker I saw something that made me break. Across the front of my locker was "fag", "slut", "whore" and many other words that I feared.
I put a blank mask on a continued, as people tried to get my attention I walked out the front door and out to the parking lot. Where is it? Where is it?!?
I scanned over the parking lot a few more times until I found it "Bingo." I whispered under my breath as I walk over to the baseball field where there are still a few bats laying around from an early practice this morning, I grabbed one and headed back towards the parking lot where my victim was.