
Samantha's p.o.v.
Marshmallows.
Football.
Donuts.
Jennifer Lawrence.
That's all a dream had to have to be the best dream in the whole world, and I was having that dream. But right in the middle of it I was awaken my older sister (by five minutes I might add) jumping on my stomach.
"WAKE UP SAM WE'RE GOING TO BE LATE IF YOU DONT HURRY YOUR ASS UP!" She screamed in my ear, I groaned and pushed her away. A second later I heard a thud and an 'oomph', I chuckled and got up. Liz walked out grumbling as I got into the shower.
I'm sorry I'm being rude. My name is Samantha but everyone calls me Sam, and the girl who was here a few seconds ago is my old twin Elizabeth but we just call her Liz.
I jumped out of the shower and walked downstairs and made a b-line for the kitchen, as I was eating my bagel Liz walked in in her everyday wear (outfit above) that I call 'too classy for school' but then again what do I know about fashion.
We grabbed our stuff and walked out to the car, I took shotgun and Lizzy drove to school as I was on my phone texting my friends from before I moved; Jason and Aren.
As I finished texting them the car came to a complete stop, as I tried to get out Liz grabbed my hand "please try to make friends other than guys, please just make one friend that's a girl." She pleaded, she knows that I'll try to avoid girls at all cost because the last girl who was my friend I ended up growing a crush for her and ruining our friendship. Ever since then I avoided girls unless my sister forced one to talk to me.
I shrugged and got out of the car, as Liz and I got out of the car I felt. Dozens of eyes on us, at first I didn't mind but soon I felt suffocated "would you all stop looking at us!?!" I snapped and instantly they all looked away, as we walked the rest of the way to the office we were stopped one other time cause someone wanted to talk to Lizzy.
As they were talking I leaned on a wall and closed my eyes as I waited for them to be done, a few seconds later there was a tap on my shoulder.
I opened my eyes and saw a blond guy standing in front of me "hey beautiful you new?" He flirted I rolled my eyes and walked away, suddenly my shoulder was pulled back and I stumbled backwards "I asked you something and I don't like to be ignored." He stated as his grip tightened "and this is what I think of douchebags who don't leave me alone." I drew my fist back and hit him right in the nose, there was a crack and a lot of blood.
As he got up from his fall he glared at me "oh it's on new-" before he could say anything else I swiped my leg under his and made him fall and when he tried to throw a punch at me I grabbed his twisted it behind his back.
When I heard a satisfying snap I dropped my grip on his and let him fall, instantly a few guys in jerseys helped him up but one glared at me "what the hell! Now we don't have a quarter back!" He screamed I just gave him the finger as Liz grabbed my arms and dragged me the rest of the way to the office.
"Why do you always get yourself in trouble?" She asked. I shrugged "I don't find trouble, it finds me." She sighed and we walked into the office.
As I was about to go when a hand grabbed my shoulder and I spun around, a girl a little taller than me with blond hair and greenish gray eyes was staring at me for a sec before she said something "nice punch." That was all she said before she walked off, I shrugged and walked into the office. All I could think was one thing 'who the hell is she?!?'