
Sam p.o.v.There was a pounding in my head as I sat up and looked around, as my eyes adjusted I noticed that I was in the nurse's office and that I had a bandage around my forehead.
I looked around until i heard the door click and open, my head snapped to the person who opened the door and saw Liz standing there with am ice pack. I gave her a quick 'thank you' and put it on my forehead as she filled me in on what i missed.
"So who was the other girl who was here earlier?" I asked as she had a thoughtful face crossed her face, then a face of remembrance struck her. "Oh yeah her name was-" suddenly the door opened again and I was soon tackled by Alexandra and the other "Thank god you're okay i was worried you might have a concussion or something and-" I covered her mouth with my hand.
"Calm down i'm happy-ish and healthy, I just have a headache." Luke started coughing "*cough* and a bruise *cough*" Everyone glared at him and i just sat there confused, "What bruise?" He let out a nervous laugh.
I quickly ran over to the bathroom in the other area of the office and looked in the mirror, my hand flew t my mouth as i saw the huge bruise covering my right eye. My shock was replaced by fear as I stormed out f the nurses office with everyone calling after me but I just put my headphones on full blast as I ran to the only place i could call safe: The Fighting Arena.
*a few hours later*
Sweat dripped down my face as I punched the training bag again, my coach from my old town watching with some old friends over oovoo.
They cheered as I round-housed kick the bag and made a tear, the doors opened and in walked the owner of the arena. He rested his hand on my shoulder started to pull me away from the training bag "I think you've had enough time in here training kiddo, your sister is upstairs with a few others asking for you. Come on I have your pack of marshmallows sitting next to your locker."
I nodded and walked away as he ended the call, as I walked upstairs I was walked into by someone. I turned around to yell at them when I saw a head of familiar golden locks and greenish-gray eyes rush by and towards the training room.
I wonder about that girl and what she hides behind that silent smile of hers, I was snapped out of my thoughts as I was tackled to the ground by Kacey and the others.
I landed on the ground with an 'oof' as I sat up a hand shot out to help me, when I got up I saw that it belonged to none other than Alexandra. She saw me staring and let go as a blush dusted her cheeks, I let out a small laugh as her cheeks turned an even deeper red.
The others joined me as I walked to my locker in the next room over, Luke soon caught a glimpse of my bag of marshmallows and Jonathan had to hold him back as I shoved the bag in my backpack.
I told them to give me ten to twenty minutes so that I could shower and change in the locker room, when I got in there I turned the water onto hot and stripped down. As I got in I felt the hot water droplets melt away any and all worries and problems that I had and let it all relax me.
After a minute or so I heard the door open and shut close, I waited for a few seconds and heard nothing and went back to my thoughts. All of a sudden I felt a hand on my shoulder, the owner of it turned me around and pressed their body to mine.
Their lips instantly attacked mine as they wrapped their arms around my neck, after a few seconds of shock I pulled away I saw a girl who I have learned to know as Alexandra.
A/NHey sorry I haven't active with updating on here but now I am and I will try to give you guys a few mor updates after this today (hopefully).