
Kath's POV
"Be mine?" His eyes flash with hope. I wanted to, I just... couldnt.
"I cant Michael. You know that. But you know I love you right?" I asked, trying to force a smile but failing.
I looked down to my feet to hide away the tears that were building up in my eyes but he tilted my chin and my dull brown eyes met his perfect greens orbs, "I'll protect you. Please, just tell me why you cant be with me. I'll understand. Kath, please, please tell me." He sobbed pleading.
"I can't tell you Michael. Your ex, she might..." I trailed off.
"She might what? What did she say to you?" He questioned, anger washed his appearance.
"Michael, she's been threatening me. My family, my reputation."
"WHAT?!" The whole room made a loud echo and I shut my eyes.
I had never seen him shout like this since the incident just a day ago.
"And she's been abusing me Michael. But everything she says is true. I am not good enough for you, you deserve better. Im just a worthless whore!"
"Dont say that!" He shushed as he placed two fingers on my lips but slowly took it off.
"Kath, you're different. You're special."
For all the things I could possibly say, one thing stood out the most in my mind "So you think I'm a special chi-"
He moved closer to me, the gap between us non-existant.He placed his hands on my waist and looked down at my lips, leaning forward and kissing with out permission.
I kissed back, our lips moving in sync as we move around the dark room which we claimed was ours for tonight. We parted for air after some point and I continued, "-Child."
He leaned again and kissed my lips roughly but still gently. The things this man can do...
Michael tried running his tongue through my mouth but I denied his entrance to tease him a little. He grunted through our kiss but never broke away. I chuckled opening my mouth a little which allowed him to enter his tongue through my mouth.
Sneaky bastard.
He wrapped his arms around my body as I wrapped mines around his neck. This was my safe heaven.
The kiss got heated, and Michael deepened the kiss. I started tugging lightly at his hair making him moan in pleasure and move his body closer to mine so we were practically grinding.
"Babe? Where are you?" A voice boomed through the halls and I asked myself who the person was.
Then it hits me.
Its her.
I pulled back instantly, "I gotta go. I'll see you later. Please, please dont tell her that I told you about everything going on. Please."
I ran through the other door leaving him by himself.
I didnt want to do that, but I had to.
While running I remembered everything I did. I felt happy yet sad, fixed yet broken and just plain confused.
I called up the only number that I could trust in this cruel world.
Before opening his number and ringing it I debated on either calling or not because of the bad situation between us right now. I was even surprised that Michael wanted to meet up, he is a big part of the incident.
I finally got the courage to dial his number, my hands shaking while I press the call button. He almost immdiately picked up and cleared his throat.
"Hello?"
"Hello Luke? Its Katherina..."
Like it? Its my old story, 'Love Tour' but I upgraded it and stuff.
Trust me, this story will go somewhere! You just have to stick by my updates twice a week so just keep on reading luvs!!!
Hope you love it! Go ahead and press that star! It would mean the WORLD to me! Feel free to comment your thoughts to improve this story, it is all about the readers anyway.
ILY babes!💕