
I let myself go limp in Amanda's arms as she dragged me towards Liz, when I thought she was going to hand me over to Liz she continued walking as they exchanged nods. She brought me to a car and open the door for me ad motioned for me to get in, I nodded and silently slid into the comfy seat. A few seconds later she got in on the other side, started up the car and we were off.
I watched as trees zoomed by the window, we had been driving for about the past half hour. All of a sudden we stopped in front of a cabin slightly deep into the forest. Amanda gets out and opens my door when she gets to my side, I gave her a quick 'thank you' as she led me to the front door. "I bet you're wondering why I brought you here." I blinked in surprise as she talked out of the blue, her voice though...just the sound of her voice gave off a calming vibe. I nodded and sat down next to here on the floor inside of the cabin.
"I brought you here because after what happened earlier I thought you might want to know a few things about the school and the group that you've been hanging out with since you got here." I leaned on my forearm "What is there to know? Because this school just seems normal and the group i've hung out with recently seems to be pretty cool except for..." My eyes filled with tears as I thought about the night before and the note.
Amanda pulled me into another hug and started to whisper to me "Shhhhh it's okay Samantha everything is alright." I started to relax but when she brought up and used my full name I shot out of her arms and stood up.
"Don't call me that." I said with hate, she looked at me surprised "Why can't I call you Samantha?" My eyes filled with tears again as bad memories flashed in and out, clouding my thoughts. I turned away from her as I shook myself out of my thoughts "Just don't."
She nodded without asking any questions, I looked over at her after what seemed like an eternity "What has my sister told you about me because she is a slight blabber mouth?" She laughed a little at that.
"Actually the group mentioned you a few times and a few things like your favorite color and all that ish, but I thought 'hey what the hell I'm bored so let me just "kidnap" my classmate' because that's totally a normal." There was silence for a few seconds until we burst out laughing, I started to feel butterflies in my stomach. Oh Amanda what are you doing to me?