
"Not when your so venerable." Sasuke teased.
"'Venerable?'" I questioned.
Sasuke then pinned me to the ground so I couldn't escape. "Your easy to manipulate, easy to get to, and most of all easy to sneak up on." He said as his body was close to mine. "Most anyone could get you if they wanted. They could easily take advantage of you."
Sasuke made a point. I'd be too frozen in shock to react, as I was now.  But I smirked and flipped us over, me now on him and pinning him to the ground. "Gotchya." I teased.
"Because I let you."
"What the!!" Said two annoying voices. "Sasuke is the uke?!?!"
It was Ino and Sakura running towards us.I got off of sasuke and he sat up as his two fangirls stopped in front of us.
"Sasu what's going on!" Ino shrieked.
"Explain this now!" Sakura preasured.
Sasuke sighed. "First, never call me sasu. Second, I am not the uke here. I was proving a point to little hina here and she reversed the position to show she wasn't completely venerable." He said very annoyed.
"'Little Hina!' Why did you call her 'little hina'?"
"Because that's my nickname for her. Now go the hell away!" Sasuke snapped.
"But sasu! We want to have nicknames too!" They both whinned.
"Fine, Ino your bitch 1, Sakura your bitch 2." Sasuke said with a smirk of hatred.
"That's mean!" Ino said and the two ran away.
"God they're annoying." Sasuke sighed. "It'll come to bite me in the ass later, I'd bet my life on it."
It was still dark, and the school hadn't even opened yet, so sasuke and I walked around campus.
"Well there's a sight to be had." Sasuke said looking at Ino and Sakura who approached them. "Hello bitches one and two."
"Sasu we told everyone." They mocked.
"About what?" I asked them shakily.
"Two things. First, about itachi kissing you and sasuke kissing you. Second, about earlier when sasu was the uke." Ino said while they both smirked.
"And soon everyone in the village will know." Sakura said.
An anger mark was clearly visible on sasukes forehead. "You both did WHAT now?!"
"You heard." They said in unison.
"Oh no." I muttered as I could see sasuke getting shaky in anger. "Um, I think it best you both leave."
"Why?" They asked.
Sasuke could blow up any minute. Oh I can't believe I'm doing this! I said to my self as I tapled sasukes shoulder so he would turn to me. Once he did I stood closer to him and I connected our lips. Sasuke was surprised for the first few seconds but he either saw my plan or just really wanted to kiss me as he kissed me back. Wrapping his arms around a me and pulling me closer he asked for entrance. Which I gave him as I could feel the two still watching us. We made it obvious we were making out and thankfully the two backed away. But we continued, knowing the two were still watching. The kiss got harder as we continued but we finally stopped.
Pulling away sasuke spoke, "well that was unexpected." He said with a smirk.