
"Sasu...." She couldn't finish my name but she was the one person I'd let call me sasu. She tried pushing me away but I was stronger than her.
Back to hinata now
Eeeek! Sasuke is..........he's kissing my neck! And.....l..leaving marks! Oh no what if father sees them! Then he'll literally kill me! No no no I don't want to do this! I thought while sasuke came back to my lips again. He made out furiously now. I didn't do anything, couldn't do anything. My body was frozen, but a sudden realization came to me as sasuke felt around my back.
My body was enjoying this.
I could tell as chills of pleasure coursed through my body. Sasuke could tell too. I knew because he then whispered something in my ear.
"Don't be so afraid. I know your enjoying this....." He softly said. He was right, somehow I was enjoying the slight pain from the small bruises on my neck.
"Sasu.....ke." I stammered slowly while he again began sucking and licking my neck. My body soon became weak and I was falling against the wall. But sasuke held me up with one arm. Sasuke, in one graceful and quick moment soon had me pinned to the bed. I squeaked again as sasukes hand came up my arm. "What are you doing??" I managed to ask.
"What I think should've happened a long time ago." Sasuke replied with another evil grin. "Just relax."
"But sasuke, we can't. We barely know each other....."
"You think that it matters?" Sasuke asked, our faces millimeters apart. He didn't let me finish as he gently layed his lips on mine. Licking my lower lip I refused his entrance. Then my body gave in, I wasn't moving on my own anymore. Now my tongue asked for entrance, and he graciously accepted.
Eeeeek! Why am I doing this?! How am I doing this!? Damn it why am I about to have sex with sasuke! Sasuke Uchiha! One of most popular people in the village! I thought as I felt his chest and abs. Worst of all my father will know what happened, he'll see and he'll know and he'll kill me! How can I stop?!?
Over to sasuke again.
Hmmm, I might seem like a slut if this goes on. My fangirl can always tell when I've slept when someone. Just getting good too. I thought dissapointedly. While making out with hinata I pulled away. "We should stop. Not a good choice." I said.