
Hinatas eyes cheered in joy but her body was still frozen. I got up off her and walked go the other side of the room where a small fridge stored some drinks. She was fun. Wish we could continue but it wouldn't reflect too well on me. Or her, poor hina must be terrified of me. Oh well, always next time.
Other than that the mission was fine for a few days. Until friggin hinata got kidnapped.
"Damn it had to turn my back didn't I?" I scolded myself. "Fuck now I've gotta follow the guys who took her." I jumped through the trees following a faint chakra sense. When I came closer I stopped when I was about 35 yards away.
Can't make myself obvious. They might kill her. Or worst they'll have "fun" with her. Damn it why am I such a badass? I thought as I heard screams, hinatas screams.
"Stop! Please no-" her screams echoed even in my mind. What had they done? What were they doing to her?
If I stay I can plan, if I go out now I might get killed. But I can't leave her, they might be killing her or already have by now. Damn it why am I so damn confused??
Over to hinata now
I tried to scream but one of the men attacked me. He pushed me into a tree hard and I couldn't breathe, let alone scream for sasuke.
One man I noticed had blonde hair came up to me with a wide, evil grin. "Now that your quiet I can have my fun with you." He said. He had a cloak on, all black with a few red clouds on it.
I was embedded in the tree. "G..get....away f..f..from m...me!" I managed to squeak out. I squeezed my eyes shut and painfully turned my head as he came closer.
"Then what would've been the point of capturing you?" He whispered in my ear just before licking my neck. I squeaked again as he began re-bruising my neck after the previous ones sasuke left had just healed.
"I'm going diedara. See you later then." The second man said.
"Do what you want sasori my man. I'm going to have my fun." Diedara replied going back to licking and sucking on my neck. Next he removed the headband I wore around my neck and began licking my collar bone.
"Sasuke.......help me......" I mumbled as I couldn't move.