
Still sasuke
When I woke up I was a little freaked out.
Yikes! I said in my head as I realized that in my sleep I must've moved. Given I had one arm draped over hinata along her arm. And our faces mere centimeters away. What do I do? If I move she'll wake up, if I don't well then we'll still be this close to each other. Not that I mind much but I only met her a few friggin days ago. God damn I don't know if I'm screwed or what.
Slowly I tried calming down. Thinking of ways I could move away without waking hinata. I very slowly moved my arm away from her side and tried moving away. But hinata was one of those people who unconsciously moved in their sleep. And when I tried moving away, she moved closer. I inched further but as I inched she moved closer.
Why does this girl have to be so fucking hilarious. I wondered as I gave up moving away. Hope itachi doesn't get mad. Heh heh, looks like the prize is mine.
Hinata moved slightly closer again, now her head was almost against my chest. I didn't care, I liked her. She mumbled something I couldn't understand. I found it cute how she was unconsciously saying she liked me in her sleep. She wasn't actually saying "I like sasuke," but I could tell. And I was going to use this mission to test that strong thoery.
"Hinata." I said softly. "Hinata, wake up."
Hinata shifted, "hn, what?" She groaned before freezing at the position she was in with me.
"Mind if we get up now?" I said with my evil smile. A natural trait for most uchihas is a devilish personalilty that made us desirable.
Hinata squeaked in understandable surprise. Ha ha, so adorable that squeak. I thought moving away, hinata not following.
A few hours later we reached the suspicious town tsunade mentioned.
"So this is the place. Best get a room to stay in." I said casually.
"Uuhu." Hinata replied still suffering from aftershock this morning.
I got the side of my face close to hers, "ya do know you can forget about earlier right?"
"I know, its just hard to forget." Hinata said slowly.
"Well I guess I could cut ya some slack, never even being kissed and all." I laughed as some creepy weirdo walked up to us.
"Sssoo," he said snakelike. "In need of a roof over your heads?"
"You can help?" I asked.
"Perhaps. Only if you have the money." He said.
"Show me the place I'll show you the cash." I said slightly sternly.
"Fair enough. Follow me." He said creepily walking away. Hinata and I followed. For about two minutes we walked, we then reached a small building and went inside. I didn't feel anything dangerous as we were shown to a room.