
(Sorry for no updates guys! My mother took my phone off the bill so all I can do is read the books in my library, and write but I can't publish. So yeah I've got lots of updates. Also I'm working on a lord of the rings fanfic and wanna know if I should publish it. Comment what you think and please, actually comment. See ya!)
Back at sasukes house itachi and sasuke were drinking tea in the living room.
"I cleaned out a space for your clothes. And itachi brought your suitcase up to my room." Sasuke said.
I was slightly angry at sasuke for beating up naruto the way he did so I decided to just wait for him to apologize.
And knowing him he'll wait until itachi is out of the room. That might be a while. I thought. I nodded towards sasuke and went up the stairs to his room. I saw an open drawr and my suitcase next to it. So I unpacked and when I was done I went downstairs.
"Hope you have a dress." Itachi said.
Sasuke facepalmed his forehead, "damn that's tomorrow!?" He complained.
"What's tomorrow?" I asked.
"Its a ball hosted by the akatsuki organization. Since sasuke are members and not to mention uchiha we are obliged to attend the event." Itachi explained.
"And for obvious reasons you're gonna be one of our dates. Because if you tag along I'm more than certain damn hidan or fucking Tobi will hit on you." Sasuke explained.
"But, I don't have a dress..." I said. "I mean, I've never really been to many formal occasions so..."
"We get it." Itachi said nodding. "Tomorrow I'll go help you get something. Sasuke you can come too."
"Well of course I'd go! You think I'm as dumb as to let you be alone with hina?!" Sasuke said.
Itachi and sasuke bickered a little causing me to laugh.
"What's so funny?" Sasuke asked curiously.
"I'm sorry. Its just watching you two bicker is funny." I said with a laugh.
Sasuke shrugged. He looked out the window and spoke, "surprisingly enough its dark. We should all hit the hay."
"Okay." I said.
"Whatever." Itachi said in a yawn.
"Come on hina." Sasuke said getting up from the couch.
In sasukes bedroom I was glad he apologized.
"Hey, I'm sorry about earlier. As I'm very sure you noticed I've bad anger problems." He said.
"Its okay. But in truth I'm not the one you should apologize to." I told him. "You need to apologize to naruto."
Sasuke let his head fall in shame. "Do I have to?"
"Of course you do. If you don't then he'll be even more depressed. And I don't want him to be depressed." I said.
"You like him don't you." Sasuke said guiltfully.
Sasuke POV
Why did I say that?? Sasuke thought.
"I don't like naruto in that way. But I don't want him to be depressed. I don't want anyone to be depressed." Hinata said.
Seriously why did I say that? Sasuke thought. He didn't notice Hinata was talking until she flicked his nose.