
"Earth to sasuke." She said.
"Hn? What? Did you say something?" Sasuke asked.
"I said, 'what's gonna happen for sleeping.'"
Oh, that's easy enough. Sasuke thought. "Its a king size. So we can share without needing to be too close." He said to her. "I know you well enough that you won't let me sleep on the floor so."
"Okay." Hinata said. Sasuke saw a slight blush but Hinata blushes at a lot of stuff and this situation is understandable so he didn't complain.
"I'll let you get changed. I'll be leaning against the door so knock to say it okay." Sasuke said walking out.
As he promised he leaned against the door. Hearing slight shuffling but not thinking much of it. Lost in his thoughts the door had opened but sasuke was too distracted to catch his balance and fell on top of Hintata, his head landing on her stomach.
"Well well, wouldn't the bed be more comfortable?" A voice chuckled in the doorway. "Sasuke that is unfair."
Hinata POV
A voice chuckled in the doorway, "well well, wouldn't the bed be more comfortable? Sasuke that is unfair."
Itachi?
I squeaked as sasuke groaned in the slight headache from landing on me. "Go away itachi!" He groaned.
It was then I realized our exact position. Sasuke had turned while I, like a total idiot, opened the door and he couldn't regain his balance. This ended up in his head slightly rested on my stomach.
I turned a cherry red at itachis next words, "just don't make too much noise."
"Sorry Hina." Sasuke apologized after hauling me up. "Itachi can be an idiot."
"I-i-i-its o-o-kay...." I stuttered.
Sasuke tilted his head in confusion. "You're extra stuttery. How come?" He asked. "Forget I asked. Let's just hit the hay and try to ignore itachi tomorrow."
"O-o-kay..." I stuttered. I crawled on one side of the bed and heard slight shuffling before the lamp light turned off. I felt the blanket on the other side of the bed rise and fall, signaling sasuke climbed in with me.
"Night Hina." Sasuke yawned casually.
"G-g-g-ood n-n-ight..." I stammered out before surprisingly enough falling asleep.
(Funny chap huh? Hinatas s-s-s-tutteriness make ya laugh? I've had some really bad writers block with this, the vampire knight, naruto, fruits basket, black butler, ouran highschool host club, and death note my heaven's along with my lord of the rings fanfic. Plus regular stuff takes up my time like school, the field trips, art group, then my fucking mother pisses me off, my couciler comes here so that eats up two hours a week and lastly the library to watch anime's or funny cosplay vids like "uchihas in the morning" by the youtuber "chidorixblossom" [highly recemended]. So yeah I'm a little bit more busy. Sorry my wuvlies!
Kyo sohma: you're roleplaying with us now whether you like it or not!
Yuku sohma: stupid cat.
Kyo: what was that ya damn rat?!
Tohru Honda: guys stop fighting. You might get hurt.
Me: hiya guys don't mind me, just the writer here ya know listening to "mordreds lullaby" by "heather Dale".
Momiji sohma: you should sing for us writer!