
"My my sasuke. You sure are protective of Hinata. You sure you don't have feelings for her?" Itachi teased as we walked into the large store.
"Oh my its the uchihas." One woman said.
"The older one looks so yummy." Another said while blushing.
"The shorter one has hair that looks kind of like a ducks but." Another giggled.
"Oh be origanal!" Sasuje snapped at them.
"Sasuke maybe you shouldn't be so harsh to them..." I said in a squeeky voice.
"I've gotten that insult since I was a kid. I'd be happier if they did think up an original name for my hair." He said as we got to the dresses part of the store, the formal ones to be slightly more exact.
"Well, both uchihas brothers. It is an honor to have you in our store." Said a lady as she walked up to us. "Can I help you find anything?"
"We'd like a dress for our little doll here." Itachi said with a smirk.
"Oh the 'uchiha plush toy' needs a dress? I know just the one." The lady said as she led us to a rack with dresses on it. She picked a navy blue dress with elegant black patterns that snaked together around the waist and chest and up the left shoulder. One sleeve was longer than the other but it looked better that way. It was in fact a nice dress.
"Well go ahead, try it on." Sasuke said nodding at the changing room a short distance away.
"Okay." I said. I took the dress from the lady and went to the changing room.
When I got into the dress, before walking out I looked in the mirrior. The dress flowed along my body, showing off my curves with grace and beauty, and hung down to my ankles and the color faded to a sleek black at the end. I'll admit even I blushed at how beautiful I looked. My hair being an exception.
I walked out and sasuke was holding back a blush while itachi had a wide grin.
"Why it seems our little play-thing has a few fans." He said looking at two people, Sakura and Ino, who were hiding.
"Oh shush ita." Sakura said as she blushed at him.
Soon a speck of crimson caught my eye, I looked and saw blood on the floor, looking more upward I spotted an old looking man with spikey and long white hair with a mostly red outfit suffering from "pervert's nosebleed".
"Pervy sage!" I heard a familiar voice scold the old man. "C'mon! We can't just diddy dally all day!"
I then saw Naruto trying to snap the old man he referred to as "peecy sage" out of his trace. I walked over unnoticed as itachi and sasuke argued with Sakura and Ino. Only to be pulled into a bunch of dresses by someone, they had clamped their hand over my mouth so I could squeek or sound an alarm.
"You look devine." A calming voice said behind me as I was leaned onto the mans chest. I recognized the man to be itachi.
I had relaxed as I knew it was someone who wouldn't kill me, and he released his hand from my mouth but kept his grip on my waist to keep me close.
"What are you doing?" I asked in a calm voice. Where my sudden bravery came from I've no clue.
"You're fun to play with. But with sasuke around it is difficult." He said in a seductive voice in my ear. "He's quite perfective of you, more so that its unusual for him."
"You speak like I'm a meal." I said.
"Just that you are my love." Itachi said before kissing my neck sending instinctive chills down my arms a spine. I had pushed all my hair to one side of my neck while changing and this allowed him full access to my neck.