
"I'm sasuke uchiha." Sasuke said finishing the conversation.
Oruchimaru then stood up and addressed the class, "everyone, I'd like for you to face your partner and spend the class getting to know one another. You will be working with them throughout the year so you must be able to converse after all." He explained.
"Um......" I said as I faced sasuke. "What do we talk about?"
"Honestly I have no friggin clue. We already sortta know each other." He replied resting his head on his hand.
"I guess we could talk about our families. Or what were like, it'd be a start." I said shyly.
"Well I'm glad to be partnered up with you. Your nothing like the others." Sasuke said with a gentle smile.
"What do you mean?" I asked, come to think about it, he is kina cute.
"Most every girl and even a few guys always want to know everything about me." Sasuke started. "You see here I'm like a god. Everyone likes me and I'm pretty much one of the most popular guys you'll see aside from my brother."
"Really?"
"Yeah. It sucks to tell you the truth. Most people either wanna date me or sleep with me." He said with a more annoyed face. "So what about you? What's your family like?"
"Well I was born here but my family decided they wanted to travel a lot and obviously took me with them." I explained. "Now we came back so I could finish my training as a ninja."
"That's where I heard your name!" Sasuke said snapping his fingers. "Your related to that neji guy right?"
"He's my cousin. His dad and my dad were brothers."
"Were?"
"Sinse they were twins my father was supposed to be assassinated shortly after my birth by falsly allinenced ninja from the rain I believe. But because nejis side of the family is sworn to protect my side his dad took the blade instead." I explained. "We offered to take him with us but he wanted to stay to make his father proud."
"The guys a jerk. I'm sorry but its true." Sasuke said with a laugh. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a girl in pink and another in purple staring at sasuke and I. Sasuke noticed and looked behind him, "don't mind them. Just two of my fangirls."
"Fangirls?"
"Chicks who are obsessed with me for my looks and my talent." Sasuke explained. "I'm so glad your not one of em'. Then I'd be annoyed as fuck right about now."
I couldn't hold back a slight laugh, "I'm glad too. I wouldn't want to be on the bad side of someone like you."
Sasuke laughed as well, "your definitely not gonna get on my bad side." He said. We didn't speak for a minute or two until he broke the silence, "I like you." He said more to himself than anything else.
"Huh?" I said confused. How did he mean that?
"As a friend. It gets to be boring without a girl as a friend who doesn't fluster at first sight." Sasuke clarified.
I breathed a sigh of relief. "Phew." I said. Day one and already I've made friends with the most popular guy in school. Who knew?