
(Should I make this really long? This as in the story, I'm thinking I should make it like 58 parts of entertaining itahina and sasuhina stuff. Whattaya think? Good or bad idea? Comment what ya think! See ya my kitties!
Random sebastian appears
"Cats?"
"Oh hello sebastian! How's it been?"
"Cats?"
"Yes I have cats."
"May I pet one?"
"Sure!"
He smiles in a creepy devilish way that makes me smile, "yay! I love cats!"
"I know..."
Heh heh I just had to throw in a little black butler tease. I just read most of volume 5 so I couldn't resist. Okay now see ya!)
Time skip to tomorrow
And over to hina now!
I woke up quickly and got ready to go to school, it was still very early but I hadn't finished some of the biology homework so I decided I'd get there really early to finish it. Plus it would give me time to forget what itachi did the day before.
While walking I shuttered at the memory, stopping I took a deep breath, "man its been a strange few days." I said softly to myself.
"Yes I has." Said a voice placing a hand on my shoulder.
I jumped up and had dropped all my stuff, granted it was all my homework, it fell everywhere in the deserted street. "S...sasuke!" I stammered.
Sasuke chuckled, "sorry for scaring ya hina." He bent down and helped me gather my stuff. But of course with my luck a paper blew away in the wind.
"Damn it!" I said irritated as I chased after it.
Sasuke and I ran for a while before the paper landed on someone's face, that someone being the boy naruto.
"What's this?" The blonde asked himself pulling the paper off his face.
"Oh, naruto, that's my homework." I said to him in heavy breaths. "Could I have it back please?"
"Yeah, here you go." Naruto said giving me the paper. He looked at sasuke with sad eyes filled with pain. "See ya later guys." He said depressingly and walked away sluggishly.
"Well now you've got your homework, shall we continue?"
"Yeah, let's go."
On a field on school grounds sasuke and I sat on some soft grass under an oak tree. Well I sat, sasuke plopped himself on the ground and layed back nonchalantly.
"Ah finally, away from my brother." The Uchiha mused as if he were tired.
"Your oddly cheerful." I joked.
"Yes well when your brother boasts about how he kissed the only girl who doesn't fangirl annoyingly it can put one on edge." Sasuke said now annoyed at the memory of itachi.
"I wouldn't know, my sister hanabi isn't too talkative. She just stays in her room."
"Wanna trade lives?" Sasuke joked. "Then again itachi wouldn't exactly care if you were family, he'd still hit on you and stuff."
"Um, I guess your right." I agreed. "Then again I don't think it'd be too great being the most popular girl in the village."