
"Well we could talk about what like to do and compare I guess, nothing else seems to come to mind." Sasuke finally said.
"Um, well I like to fight, and train and work really hard." I said with more confidence than I thought. "What about you?"
"I'll just put it straight, I pretty much only like being away from the village. But my godforsaken family will forbid me to leave unless I make anbu, so I'm stuck here." Sasuke said. "But fighting I'll admit I do enjoy, along with making certain chicks fluster. Sometimes their reactions are entertaining."
"That's cool. What's your brother like?"
"Itachi? Well he's pretty much the most badass guy in the village beside me. First most popular, even made anbu for a time." Sasuke said. "A lot like me too, good looking and hotheaded. Only real difference is he's like a robot. No emotions at all, the guy doesn't laugh or smile or cry or anything. Just a straight faced guy ya know?"
"Really?"
"Yeah, and like me he too gets really annoyed by the fangirls." Sasuke said with a chuckle, an evil chuckle. "Only he's had to deal with it longer than me."
Then the bell rang dismissing the class. Everyone then left with sasuke and I leading everyone.
Then one student came rushing towards us at high speed. He either saw us and couldn't stop or didn't at all as he almost smashed right into me. But sasuke was quick and grabbed my waist, pulling me close to him so I avoided the random person who whipped passed us.
"You should be more careful Hinata." Sasuke whispered in my ear before letting me go.
"T..thanks sasuke.." I said nervously. That was weird. I mean he just pulled me super close to him and I'll admit he's quite cute for a guy, wait am I blushing slightly! I thought as I realized I was in fact blushing in the slightest of ways. I mean so would any girl right, being pulled really close to a cute guy you only just met, even if it was only because some weirdo was running towards you would make  blush.
"No problem." Sasuke said casually as we began walking again. "Looks like we have the same classes." He finished looking at my schedule.
"I guess we do. Should be fun." I said as I wasn't blushing anymore.
The end of the day came and sasuke and I walked together off campus for a while.
"So, Hinata, tell me a little more about yourself. Your interesting." Sasuke said as we both walked through the gate.
"Hmm, nothing much more. I mean the rest is just super secret stuff." I said playfully.
"I get it. Clan stuff right? Don't need to tell me twice." Sasuke nodded. The light smile that curled over his face made him all the more beautiful.
Huh? Why did I just see that? Why am I thinking like a fangirl? Aaahhh! No I'm going into my shy self now! I thought. "Anything else about you?" I asked sasuke blocking out the fact he was gorgeous.
"Well, I guess there's nothing much else except talents. Wanna hang at my place?" He offered. "I'm gonna be really bored later, and I'm sure itachi would like to meet you."