
"That was close" sasuke said.
"You stole my first kiss sasuke!" I said in a whisper scream.
"So, no big deal really." Sasuke shrugged with an evil smile. "Barely even count as a kiss really."
"Huh?" I asked slightly confused.
"I'm saying that technically you have had a real kiss. So that wasn't your first." Sasuke clarified.
So what the hell would count if that didn't? I asked silently. That question was going to be stuck in my brain for weeks now. I stared at sasuke as this thought was all but too obvious.
"Its getting late. We should head back." Sasuke said. Was he making an excuse to leave? What was he going to do?
"Um, sasuke." I said after he shut the door and locked it.
Without a reply he walked up to me. He then held me in a grip I couldn't break and kissed me again, only this time he was going to work. I simply froze, but just before that I squeaked and gasped. Sasuke took that opportunity to slide his tongue into my mouth. I did nothing as I was frozen as stone.
Sasuke then pushed me to a wall. Now my shocked and practically paralyzed body was pinned. I stared as sasuke explored my mouth with his tongue.
What's happening??? Why in the hell is sasuke kissing me!? Oh no if father realizes I'm dead! How do I respond? I can't move, I can't kiss him back, what do I do???
"Relax," I heard sasuke say as I realized he pulled away.
"Why did you just kiss me?!?!" I asked shakily.
"Because I wanted to make sure you had a proper first kiss, hinata. Besides, we might be in another situation as earlier." Sasuke said.
"But still-" sasuke interrupted me as his lips fell on mine.
He only stopped once, "you talk too much." Was all he said as I squeaked loudly just before our lips met again.
Sasuke point of view.
Ha ha, that squeak was just too cute. With the way she's responding by tensing up definitely shows she's shocked. I thought as I made out with her. That's expected, but now I know she likes me back. Just to be sure....
Next I did something hinata squeaked in midkiss about, frankly all I did was pull her closer from her waist. Nothing too sexual. Until I began trailing kisses along her jawline and neck. I was slightly surprised by her reaction as she actually tilted her head to let me bruise areas with my mouth.
Hmmhmm, I laughed silently, she likes it, that's what her body says.