
(Okay I am now aware of how I ended that, wattpad is being a major bitch to me and not publishing, not saving, not loading, and not even letting me type. So yeah and I'm also being kicked out by my bitch for a mother so that takes up my time plus to add to the list I've had some bad writers block with this and many other books. I just don't have the time to just daydream anymore. Thats how I get my ideas, I daydream, laugh, then write it down. Well anyway I hope this can make up for some of it, so see ya my kitties!)
A few days later
"Hinata!" Father called from downstairs.
Oh no, he found out! I thought as I hurried downstairs. But was surprised to see my father had a serious face, not an angry one. I also saw itachi. A wide smile on his face, sasuke was here too. With a kill-me-now-i-hate-my-fucking-life face. He was also leaning against the wall.
"Hinata, as you know your mother and I travel frequently. But this is our wedding anniversary. So I've decided you will stay in konoha for the month while we are out on vacation." Father informed.
So he didn't find out? I questioned silently. "But why are itachi and sasuke here?" I asked instead.
"We're here because your father has also decided that you'll be living with us for the month." Sasuke answered. That explained his expression, and itachis. "He called us over to inform us then called you down to inform you and here we are."
"Oh..." Was all I could say.
"Get some of your things. Your mother and I are leaving tomorrow in the afternoon." Father informed.
"O...okay..." I said as I went upstairs to gather a week and a half's worth of clothes. I packed them into a suitcase quickly. I went downstairs to find sasuke and itachi still there.
"Well, that was fast." Itachi noted.
"Well I'm not exactly picky about my wardrobe. It never takes long for me to pack." I explained.
"Alright, sinse you already have what you need you can leave now."  Father gave me a dismissing nod.
While we were walking itachi brought up what I could tell was a touchy subject.
"Well, who does she share with?" He said slyly.
Sasuke growled a response, "you can't think of anything else to talk about!?"
"Uh..." I said as practical lightning flew in the death glare sasuke sent his brother.
"It needs to be sorted and the sooner the better." Itachi stated.
Sasuke deflated but I could sense he was still pissed. "She's sharing with me. Because one, I already know what'll happen if she doesn't. Two, we've technically known each other longer so its less weird. And three, your fucking 24! And her sharing a room with a 24 year old who will do anything to get into her pants is just plain illegal!" Sasuke snapped.
But I could see his point. I mean itachi was a lot older than me, and sasuke, well let's just say I'm more comfortable in sharing with him than his brother. My mind soon ran to the incident where itachi made out with me on sasuke. I shivered lightly but it wasn't noticeable.
"Hina? Hina!" Sasuke said shaking me back to reality. "Earth to hina!"
"I'm fine, just lost in thought I guess." I laughed.
Sasuke kept walking, "well then I'll repeat the question, hinata. Who would you rather share a room with?" He asked. "Itachi said it was apparently better to ask."