
Sasukes p.o.v
That Hinata chick is something else. I thought as I was walking home from school. She's kinda cute too. Unlike sakura and Ino, annoying little fuckers they are. Following me as I think! I stopped walking and turned around. "I know your there you two. You can stop stalking me now."
Ino and sakura then came out of hiding from a few bushes. "Who's the broad in biology?" Ino asked.
"Hinata." I answered. "She's a funny one."
"What about us?" Sakura said.
"Your just annoying, as always." I replied coldly. "At leased she is nothing like either of you two. She's new here and if I find out your causing her trouble there will be hell to pay."
"Whatever sasu." Ino said.
"Don't call me sasu. Its sasuke." I corrected walking away.
"That Hinata is one lucky bitch." I heard sakura say, "she became his friend in one class! Where as we have been trying to become friends with him for years!!"
"I know. I feel so pathetic." Ino replied.
A few hours later at my house I threw my stuff next to my bed and simply fell over the mattress. Well, today was different. Met a chick who didn't completely lose it when I sat next to her. It was the only seat open in the back, and I was not going to sit next to that naruto weirdo or anywhere close to that oruchinaru guy.
"He gives me the creeps." I finished aloud sitting up. "Its the voice and speech patterns that get me." Sasuke shivered slightly at the thought of oruchimaru.
"I'd be confused and scared." He remembered Hinata saying. He laughed at himself, man is she different. Totally not what I'd expect from her, glad she's a friend. Hate to see her on the opposite side of the battle field.
Sasuke then went to his computer as his brother, itachi uchiha, knocked on his bedroom door. "Dinners on the table if your hungry." Itachi said through the door before leaving.
Sasuke ignored him as he looked up the hyuga family. He wanted to know a little more about his dark haired friend. Apparently she was part of what was called "the royal branch" of the clan. Her clan was mostly travelers so their name in konoha was, and wasn't well known. She'd won a bunch of battles that though were mainly for entertainment seemed high rank given the opponents during her travels with her parents. She is also known in battle for her own jutsu, protection of the 8 trigrams 64 palms, it was called.