
Hinata pov
Tomorrow came.
"Father." I asked before leaving.
"What Hinata?"
"Could I visit a friends house today? His name is Sasuke uchiha?." I asked him.
"Yes you may. But be home before the sun sets." He said nodding. "A second later and I'll be mad."
I felt really happy at his approval, "thank you father!" I said as I walked out the door.
After school while Sasuke and I walked to his house he gave a quick warning.
"Be slightly careful around itachi." Sasuke said.
"Hmm? Why?"
"Well, if he likes you he might try to hit on ya. Just giving you fair warning." He said with a slight laugh.
"Oh, thank you Sasuke." I said greatful for the warning.
"We're here." Sasuke said after a few more moments of walking. He unlocked his door and we walked inside.
"This is a big house." I said looking at the spacious estate.
"I guess." Sasuke said as someone else came into the living room Sasuke led me into.
"So your the Hyuga I've heard so much about." Said a calming voice. I turned around to see a man a few years older than me with gray-black hair in a pony tail. He was pretty cute too I'll admit.
"Itachi, Hinata. Hinata, my brother, itachi." Sasuke introduced.
"Hello." I said waving politely.
"Your were right sasuke. She is different." Itachi said walking up to us. "She isn't annoying."
"Told ya." Sasuke said. The two brothers laughed and I soon found myself laughing with them.
"So Hinata." Itachi said, "tell me about yourself. All I've heard is stuff from my brother."
"What do ya wanna know?" I asked.
"Tell me where you've been in your travels?" He said as we sat in the huge living room.
"Well, we spent most of our time in the land of honey and land of candy. We own a few houses there and I've won a bunch of tournaments and stuff while training." I explained.
Sasuke POV
Hinata then explained her life, where she went with her family, some funny memories stuff like that. My brother was very interested in her I could tell. And for some weird reason that made me almost jealous.
Then a knock sounded at the door. "I'll get it." I said getting up off the couch. I walked to the door and saw shizune when I opened it.
"Tsunade would like to see you and Hinata. Now." She said in an almost urgent voice.
"Hold on a sec. I'll get her." I said walking away. When I reached itachi and Hinata I spoke, "Hinata, tsunade wants to see us. Just you and me."
"Okay. Good bye itachi." She said waving. We followed shizune in silence to the hokage mansion.
"I have an important mission for the both of you." Tsunade said. "I need you two to go under cover in a certain town for a week. There has been reports of strange and illegal activity in those areas and trust you two to take this mission."
"What about school?" Hinata asked.
"I have asked your teachers to give you the work you both can do to make up for lost time. Given your current grades it shouldn't be hard to squeeze in the time to finish the assignments." Tsunade said nodding to two small piles of work.