
"What would you have done if I meant it the other way?" Sasuke asked.
"I would've blushed at the confession and looked really confused and scared." I admittiled.
"I was only joking. Wanted to see your reaction." Sasuke said playfully. "Confused and scared, not what I'd expect."
"Well considering I only met you like 10 minutes ago it would be a little weird if you just came out and said that you liked me." I laughed.
"Hn, I wouldn't know." Sasuke shrugged. "Frankly if someone told me they liked me I think I'd just shrug and smile."
Then the teacher oruchimaru spoke, "now class I'd like you to partner up with another group and get to know each other. After all we don't need any rivals." He said with his girly sneer.
Immediately the two from earlier ran up to us fast as lightning
"Go away Sakura, Ino. I don't want to see you two." Sasuke said firmly.
"But sasu!" They both whinned.
"Go away!" He said more firmly this time. The two then squeaked and moved to two other boys, one with a hood and a little white puppy and another with a light green jacket.
"Well that was harsh." I said casually as a blonde boy walked up to us. He was tan with bright blue eyes and a sad and sluggish posture.
"The teacher told me to. I have no choice." He said quickly.
"What!!" I heard Ino scream. "He gets to talk to sasu but not us!!"
"Its forced you blonde bitch!" Sasuke screamed back angrily. Calm now he grumbled something I couldn't understand.
"I don't Like this either but you gotta deal with it!" The boy said to Sasuke.
"Do you two know each other?" I asked confused and shocked at sasukes temper.
"Briefly." Sasuke said.
"I'm naruto Uzimaki." The blonde said. He waved nervously.
"Hinata Hyuga." I replied with a light smile.
Naruto was shocked now. Did he know me or something? I mean he looks so shocked at something. I thought as our group sat in silence.
"Hmph. You sure look surprised, naruto." Sasuke said with a irritated tone.
Narutos face then went from shock to sadness as he looked away. He then mumbled something before speaking. "You two just ignore me. Talk about whatever, pretend I'm not here."
"Hn, whatever." Sasuke said turning to me. "Would you like to talk about something else? Our last conversation got boring."
"Um sure." I said. Silently I corrected myself, actually I'd like to keep talking about that, it was fun. But who's the naruto kid, and how "briefly" did he know sasuke?
I pushed the thought away as sasuke spoke again, "what to talk about now....." He trailed off ignoring naruto. I stole a quick glance, seeing blue eyes staring at me.