
(Boo)
The next morning I found myself in sasukes arms. I squeaked as a reaction and froze up. I mean who wouldn't really when your best friends brother had just said something like he did last night:
"Well, well, wouldn't the bed be more comfortable? Sasuke that is unfair." Itachi had said the night before.
(Itachi quote was inspired by the YouTube videos "uchihas in the  morning" by "chidorixblossom". I highly recemend you watch them. Fucking hilarious they are. Back to the story)
But soon I realized I wasn't in sasukes room. I was in a different room. And if I'm in a new room, then whose arms are around me?
I turned my head to find a sleeping, smirking itachi. I did almost everything I would do, I blushed, squeeked, squirmed, and froze up at how close we were. I soon heard running feet and sasuke burst through the door.
"Itachi I swear I'm gonna fucking kill you." Sasuke said to his brother.
Itachi chuckled but kept his eyes closed. "Now now, what's wrong, sasuke?"
"Your sleeping with Hinata!" Sasuke said actually using my whole first name. "You took her from my bedroom you jerk! Look now she's all scared and frozen!"
"Calm down sasuke. I didn't do anything." Itachi said.
"Really."  Sasuke said sarcastically. "Then what's that hickey on her neck I can spot from the doorway?"
"Huh?!?!" I squeaked as my hand came to my neck, but itachi stopped it. "Itachi let go!" I then yelped with sudden bravery.
Itachi let me go and I rushed off his bed. I went straight over to sasuke and half hid behind him.
"Itachi I swear its a disgrace that I'm related to you sometimes." Sasuke said shaking his head.
"Itachi why would you do that anyway??" I asked shakily.
"I got lonely and I didn't want to wake you up." He answered casually. He sat up and yawned. The silk sheets falling down his rather toned chest. I blushed slightly at the sight but because I was behind sasuke at the time it didn't show. Thankfully
Time skip provided by: alucards "sane" face
Later on in the day we went to get me a dress. Dress shopping, with uchihas. I didn't have even the slightest clue about how this would turn up.
"SASU!?!?" Two high voices said. But three girls approached us, I recognized Sakura and Ino but the redhead I didn't. She wore a purple shirt and black shorts. She also had glasses and a thick perfume that made my eyes water.
"I fucking knew this would happen!" Sasuke said as he facepalmed himself.
"Oh don't be so harsh sasuke." Itachi said ruffling his brother's hair.
"Easy for you to say..." Sasuke said.
"Oh man! That Hinata is here too." Sakura pouted.
"H-hello, Sakura. Ino." I said bowing only slightly. "Who is your friend?"
"Karin. But she doesn't need to know a wen-"
"What was that? I don't think I heard you correctly." Sasuke said threateningly before Ino could finish her insult. "Were you about to insult Hinata?"
Sakura, karin, and Ino blushed as they froze, "n-n-n-no sasu.....we weren't!" They said urgently.
Karin was as red as her hair when they scurried away.