
(Yay! I don't have writers block!)
Timeskip to the ball provided by: Orochimaru tongue thing!
Hina POV still
Sasuke, itachi and I entered the ball to find a rather small crowd. And close to no women. I felt rather lonely to being one of the only 3 girls here.
"Welcome sasuke, itachi." Said a man with blue skin and navy blueish hair. He had gills just under his eyes and shark sharp teeth. "I take it this is your toy, Hinata was it?"
"Um, hello." I said bowing.
"This is kisame. He is my friend, and Comrad in the akatsuki organization." Itachi said.
"And a lunatic so be careful." Sasuke warmed me.
Another person walked up to us, to be honest I thought it was one of the women but actually it was Orochimaru.
"Hello itachi. Long time no see. I see ssasuke and Hinata are here as well." The snake teacher said.
"Hello sir." I said in my squeaky voice.
"So teach, you decided to come to a party." Sasuke said as he wrapped an arm over my shoulders and pulled me closer. I knew it was mainly so I'd stay safe but still, a slight bit of pink dusted my cheeks.
"I got a little time off." He answered.
"Who else is a part of the akatsuki?" I asked.
"Hidan, kakuzu, madara, Tobi, konan, pain or nagato, then his six duplicates, and that's it." Itachi said.
"Not entirely. Two other joined just recently." Kisame said. "That blonde and the redhead over there."
Kisame gestured to two people, one with long blonde hair and the other with spikey red hair.
"Who are they?" Itachi asked the blue fish guy.
"Deidara, and sasori I believe." He answered.
Sasuke and I jumped. Remembering the two men on our first mission together.
(I have writers block again. I'm sorry but this is a pretty interesting cliffhanger though no?
Sebastian: hello everyone.
Grell: basssy!!! You naughty demon you ran away again!
Me: grelly! How's it been!?
Grell: bassy keeps running away! *fake cries*
Me: its okay. Maybe he just hasn't realized his mad love for you yet. Just be patient.
Ciel: you seriously think sebastian would like that lunatic?
Me: ya never know cielly.
Ciel: *angermark is visable* what did you just call me?!
Me: cielly. Just like I call grell grelly and sebastian sebby dear. Its called a nickname.)