
"Any particular cover story to follow?" I asked.
"No, I'm sure you two can think of something. Now go, I won't waste any more time." Tsunade answered.
"Yes lady tsunade." Hinata and I said in unison. We then left to our houses to pack what we needed.
Hinata and I met at the village gate in about 10 minutes time.
"So, you thought of a realistic cover for us?" I asked.
"I had a stupid idea, just a thing that goes to every girls mind." Hinata answered laughing. "Just the classic traveling lovers cover every girl thinks about."
"That is what every chick thinks at first." I agreed.
"Heh heh, well there's always the traveling siblings cover. Our hair is similar and we have a lot in common so it is realistic." Hinata pointed out.
"Good point. But I'll be honest I see that dumb lover thing working out better." I  laughed. Why did I say that? I thought.
"You feeling okay? Because you just said that a girly thought might be possible." Hinata said playfully.
"I'm serious though, think about it, people expect to see two people in a relationship traveling rather than siblings." I stated. "And you are my type. Not annoying, smart, not bad looking either." I finished casually.
"Uh, thanks?" Hinata said slowly. After an awkward moment of silence she spoke with mor confidence, "I do see your point now. It would be more normal and casual."
"I figured as much." I said closing my eyes and nodding. "So that's our cover I take it?"
"Why the hell not?" Hinata said with a light smile. "Could be fun having you as a metaphorical boyfriend."
"Ya never know. I might get carried away." I teased.
"We wouldn't need to kiss though right?"
"A peck to the cheek maybe so everything's believable, nothing much more." I shrugged. "Why do ya ask?"
"Well a first kiss on a mission would count in my book." Hinata said with a laugh.
"You've never been kissed?" I asked her.
"No, my father had forbidden me from most contact with men and boys while traveling, something about becoming unpure or something." Hinata explained. "Only followed it so he wouldn't shun me."
"Hn. That's a good enough excuse."
"Well what's that supposed to mean??"
"Like I said your not bad looking, most any guy wouldn't mind kissing you if ya let them. But with you being part of that royal branch or whatever I can see why you'd follow you dad's rule." I said casually. I then looked up and the sky and saw dark cloud and smelled rain.
"It'll rain soon." Hinata stated. "We should find shelter."
"Look, up ahead there's an abandon house. We could go in there." I said nodding up the dirt road.
"Good idea." Hinata agreed as we quickened our pace while the first few drops fell. Just before it was pouring like buckets we reached a dry area safe from the rain.
"Small. Might need to seel close to each other." I said looking at the small area around us.