
"She's got quite the reputation herself. Won 2 gold medals in contests and festivals, she even beat the champion of the rock tournament." Sasuke said to himself. "I'll be careful not to get her pissed off."
Hinata p.o.v
At my house I was training in the old training room. Practicing my tijutsu was tough because I tried so hard but didn't impress my father. I'd  done so many impressive things but he never acknowledged me for any of them.
"I think I'm done for today." I said to myself. "I'll just go for a walk around the village."
While walking I saw a boy, blonde and blue eyed, sitting on a swing. He looked super depressed. Who is he? I thought walking up to him.
The boy looked up and covered his head and looked like he was protecting himself. "What do you want??" He said scared.
"To know why your so depressed." I answered placing my hand on his shoulder. He then looked up, surprise and shock written all over his face. "What's wrong?" I asked him.
"Everyone hates me and I don't know why, people sometimes just walk up to me and start beating me to the ground. One time I couldn't breathe afterwards." He said in a sad tone.
"How could they do that??" I said more to myself.
"I don't know. They just hate me. They've always hated me for some reason." He replied.
"What's your name?" I asked.
"Naruto uzimaki."
"Oh yeah from biology." I said with a smile.
"Your not anything like that neji guy are you?" Naruto asked shakily.
I laughed to make the mood a little lighter. "No, I'm much kinder than him." Suddenly a hand grasped my arm and quickly pulled me far away from naruto. He pulled me into a dark alley and pushed me into a wall.
"What are you, nuts?!" He said, I could see it was sasuke.
"What do you mean?" I asked a little scared.
"You can't talk to him, no you can't go near him you hear." He demanded. "Hinata the guys bad news. You can't go anywhere near him."
"Why? He is so lonely." I asked sasuke, he still had me pinned to the wall.
"I'm not 100 percent sure but what I do know is that you can't be around him. I don't even know why they let him become and frickin ninja in the first place." Sasuke said. He had a slight twinge of fear in his voice I couldn't imagine him having.
"Why do people hate him? What has he done that was so wrong!?" Hinata asked still scared but confident.
"Listen Hinata," sasuke started, "no one really knows. No one I know at leased, but look I've never told anyone this.....and I need you to promise not to tell a soul."
Sasuke let go of Hinata and lurred her deeper into the ally so no one could hear them.
"Look before I was told to never hang out with that guy I was partnered up with him on a mission." Sasuke started, "and.............................we had a thing, very secret for a time before I broke it off after learning he was bad news."
Sasuke had a thing with naruto? Is he gay or bi? I don't really care but it is nice to know. I thought in shock. I simply stared at sasuke who blushed in embarrassment.