
"'Play thing'?" Sasuke questioned. "Since when did that nickname come up?"
"She is the uchiha plushie, and last I checked a plushie is a toy." Itachi said. "And a toy is a thing you play with no?"
"But its creepy." Sasuke said. "You sound so perverted saying it."
"I don't think that 'Hina' is much better." Itachi retorted.
"I don't mind it. I actually think it's kinda cute...." I confessed. "'Play-thing' does sound perverted though."
"See, she agrees with me. Now let's just get the dress and leave, before more fangirls find we're here and we're screwed." Sasuke said.
"Whatever." Itachi shrugged. "I think a few small accessories would befit the little doll don't you think?"
"Whatever. So long as we're quick." Sasuke said.
"Did I hear accessories?" The lady from before said. "I know just the ones. Just wait here while I get them." She finished before leaving sasuke, itachi and me.
"I'll go get out of the dress." I said as I walked away. I got out of the dress and got into my other clothes. I made sure to dry itachis saliva from my neck and hide the hickey he left on my neck this morning with my headband. I grabbed the dress and walked out to see the lady with sasuke and itachi. She held out black gloves and a necklace that matched the dress.
Time skip provided by: kabuto's smexiness!
Back at sasukes house we simply sat in the living room, drinking tea. It was a big and awkward moment.
"So what now?" Sasuke asked to break the silence.
"The ball isn't till around 7 so we have about 6 hours to kill." Itachi stated.
"I meant how 'smart one'." Sasuke glared at itachi.
"We could walk around the village." I suggested.
"I don't know. It means chancing on seeing Sakura and Ino again. I frankly don't want to deal with them." Sasuke said.
"Why do you hate them so much?" I asked as my curiosity took over.
"I don't hate them. But when they tick me off, well you know. I'm not there biggest fan but I can't say I hate them. That's a little harsh." Sasuke replied simply.
"This coming from you." Itachi teased.
"What about you?" I turned to itachi.
"I'll say it straight I never liked them much. Just not exactly my kind of crowd. You however I pretty much love." Itachi stated ever so casually.
I blushed, of course, at his compliment. "Um. Thanks....I guess." I said.
"And let me guess," sasuke tilted his head as if to mock his older sibling, "you would simply love to kiss her again."
"I'll not lie it was a fun experience. One I would love to experience again." He replied nonchalantly.
"Why aren't I surprised." Sasuke said. He turned his head to me and said, "oh and Hina, in case if ya haven't realized yet itachi and I are having a slight contest on who will end up in a relationship with ya. So yeah I'd take this as a warning for future contact around this one here." Sasuke pointed to itachi. "I don't plan to be so forceful in my methods for winning you over."
I simply stared. I looked like an idiot but when you've just been told that the two hottest, probably smartest, not to mention most popular brothers in all of konoha it would put anyone in this awkward and weird feeling state of staring.