
Sasuke sighed in annoyance. Seriously?! You could've at leased let me leave, I mean damn you'd think I like watching my older brother make out with the chick I like. Geez. He thought.
Itachi made out with the again frozen hinata for a long while. Sasuke, still annoyed that his brother was using him as a big body pillow for hinata and him, was getting more annoyed at this. When itachi finally pulled away sasuke have him a murderous glare.
"Did you really have to do that!?" Sasuke asked him.
"Yes."
"Am I really that comfy of a pillow itachi? Cause judging by poor hina here she can't move." Sasuke gestured to the semi horrified hinata on his chest. She didn't move as if she were frozen.
"Well ask her." Itachi offered. "So tell us hinata, is sasuke a comfy pillow?"
"Um...uh....uh....um...." She squeaked. Itachi got closer to her and she tried backing away, only to end up with her face beside sasukes.
"Really itachi your just scaring her." He said in an annoyed tone. He wrapped an arm around hinata and hoisted her up into a standing position. "Cmon I'll walk ya home."
"O...okay.....sasuke......" Hinata said as they hurried outside.
"God damn that itachi." Sasuke said locking the door behind him. "I'm sorry for him kissing you."
"He did what!?!?" A very annoying voice shrieked. Ino soon popped up from the bushes on the uchihas lawn. "Itachi Uchiha kissed you Hinata!!"
"INO I SWEAR BY MY MOTHERS NAME ILL FUCKING KILL YOU IF YOUR NOT OFF OUR LAWN IN 2 SECONDS!!" Sasuke bellowed at the blonde girl.
"But sasu he kissed hinata!"
"So did I! Now go the fuck away!" Sasuke hissed.
Ino quickly left in a scared way, thankfully. But when sasuke looked back at hinata she too was terrified.
"Uh, sorry for scaring you hina. Ino is just too annoying for a calm tone." Sasuke apologized. "Its hard to maintain a calm posture around her and that annoying Sakura."
"Um.........you do know you said that you kissed me right?" Hinata managed to say.
Sasuke facepalmed himself, "god damn it! Now the entire school will know by tomorrow." He sighed. "Let's just go and deal with it best we can tomorrow."
"Um. Okay."