
A/n this is not a my heaven. It is a story I'm sharing because I'm getting a little board with my heaven and my imagination ran so fucking wild I couldn't keep it in. Lol listening to brunuhville as I write this. Also, compared to some, I think that spelling, and over all layout is better than most for my books. Less confusing when you don't have 3 fucking people speaking in the same mother fucking paragraph!!!! Sorry went into inferno mode there, I make a point though. Lastly this will alternated from using Hinata to just using I because its easier and faster to write.
Hinatas p.o.v
Okay, my first day at konoha high. I do hope I make a friend or two. Who knows, maybe there's some cute guys around here....Hinata thought as she walked on campus. She didn't see many people. It all seemed like only about 50 students attended.
During biology the teacher walked in, Hinata almost thought he was girl given the long hair, voice, and posture. But when he introduced himself his speech patterns definitely said he scarcely was a guy.
"I am oruchimaru. Please refrain from calling me sensei, teacher, miss, or mister. Lord however I will except given I am a sanine and it does have quite the ring to it." He said with a sneer that said he liked reptiles.
(Yes everyone here is a ninja. Tsunade gives highschool ninja missions during vacations and summer and only takes the kids out of school if necessary. Just thought I'd throw that out there.)
"Yes sir." Everyone said. Then a boy walked in shortly after class began.
"Sorry I'm late. Slept in." He said giving oruchimaru a late slip.
"Thank you, take a seat where you like." He replied gesturing to the class. Many of the girls began to blush, squeak, fluster, giggle, you name it as he walked down the row towards the back of the room and sat in the empty seat next to me.
I waved nervously as he glanced in my direction, "hi." I said weakishly.
"Sup." He said casually. He had onyx eyes and dark hair similar to mine, black with hints of blue. Yet more on the blue side than anything else really. "Aren't you new here or something?"
"Yeah, I'm Hinata hyuga. I recently moved here about a week ago." I said with a bit more confidence.