
About a month later
(I got bored with that last chapter, and have the perfect sene to match the cover. See ya!)
Fill in
Hinata visited the Uchiha brothers often. Every girl and a few guys were jealous of her because she was so close to them. People in school called her the Uchiha plushie, because they loved her as much as a plush toy.
Hinata POV
I went over to sasukes to after school to study with him. Itachi was in college but liked to listen to us study for some reason.
When sasuke and I walked inside his house sasuke fell on the couch in a tired manor. Outstreching his legs on the three seated couch.
"Man school is tiring." He complained playfully. I laughed as I approached him.
"Well, we have a big test coming up. So we need to study." I said. Sasuke let one leg fall to the floor to give me room to sit near him. We began reading the chapter for stratagies in battle. Which was more of a debate class than anything.
While debating a topic on using ninjutsu on a certain opponent itachi walked in. "So what are you two talking about?" He asked.
"We were talking about the best types of attacks on a sencery opponent." Sasuke answered.
"Really? So you've gotten that test coming up do you?" Itachi laughed. "Good luck passing."
"You make it sound like its the hardest test in the world." Sasuke shrugged.
"You better be prepared. When I took it it was hard, even for me. It was the way they worded the circumstances and jutsu you could use that threw me off guard." Itachi said to us.
"Well I'm not worried." Sasuke said in his casual way.
"You should be! If you fail your screwed."
"I'm sure its not that bad." I said to join the conversation.
"You say that now." Itachi laughed. "I do hope you pass, hinata."
"Wow, thank you itachi!" I cheered. I'd closed my eyes in a wide smile. But when I opened them itachi had leaned close to me.
I leaned back away from itachi, only to lean into sasuke behind me, who wrapped an arm around me. Itachi took my hand and held it with care.
"You know it would be a shame for such a pretty koinochi to fail a test." Itachi said.
"Brother please," sasuke said. "I'm right here."
Itachi ignored sasukes comment and leaned closer to me. And then it happened, he kissed me....