
A/N - Hey guys and welcome to the Introductions. Picture of Hannah ^^^^^
Hi, I'm Hannah Josiah; I am 22 years old and I live in the kingdom of Acria. I would say that I am your average girl, I did well in school and then college but now I work with my dad in his sweet shop. It's kind of a cake/old style sweet shop, we hand-make all of the cakes and sometimes the sweets. My mum died when I was 18. She was in a car crash, a drunk driver hit her side and she was killed on impact. I miss her so much, we told each other everything and then she was just gone. Being the only child at home was hard because my father fell to pieces. Apparently Prince Aaron is looking for a bride and the King is holding a ball to help his son. I think that my dad has been invited to provide all of the sweet things for the ball and that doesn't surprise me, my family is the best sweet maker in all of Acria and we have been for a long time. I have to say though Prince Aaron is good looking; I envy the lady that gets to marry him. It will probably be a noble lady because the last time a commoner and royal marriage happened was with the last king - Aaron's grandfather; King William - and not many people approved of it because at that time that love was forbidden. The downside is, that type of love still is frowned upon because the people of Acria do not believe that a royal can produce a suitable heir if it is with a commoner however I think that if you love the person then it doesn't matter.
Hello, I am Aaron Day; Prince of Acria and I am 23. Apart from being a prince I am a normal guy, being royal is just a birth right. I am looking for a bride now because when I turn 25 I will become King of Acria and I need a Queen. Everyone is expecting me to marry a noble lady but I don't want to. I want a girl that is down to earth, has a sense of reality and no noble lady is like that. I want to date and then marry a commoner but my parents know this and are throwing a ball for me so that I will meet a noble lady. Notice how I said 'date and then marry' I do not want to marry a girl straight away, I want to get to know her, her likes, her dislikes, her fears, her loves etc, I want to make sure that this girl is right for me. The type of relationship and marriage I want hasn't happened since my grandfather was on the throne. His Queen was a commoner. She was a simple florist and he fell in love; it was simply love that held them together throughout their lives. My grandfather told me that when I find that special girl - even if she is a commoner - to never let her go because what I feel for that girl I will never feel for another girl throughout my entire life. I want a love that will never break; I want a girl that will stand by me throughout all of the shit that is bound to occur during our lives. I have a sister called Alyssa and she is a year younger than me, despite being Princess of Acria she is expected to marry another royal or noble and she is marrying Max Rose from Elessio and he is one of my best friends; in fact all of the princes are my best friends, we honestly treat each other like brothers.
The Princes and their Kingdoms -
Prince Aaron Day of Acria: Acria is the main kingdom with the most power. All of the other kingdoms meet here for the annual ball that celebrates the kingdoms' alliances. Acria has the largest army out of the 5 kingdoms but their rulers have always been the fairest.
Prince Kent Jones of Kakoin: Kakoin is known as the kingdom of the stars. Wherever you are in Kakoin you can see starts, at night they shine like diamonds and during the day stars can be seen even though they are extremely faint.
Prince Harris Walker of Tetois: Tetois is the desert kingdom. It is an extremely warm place that has rulers who have built their kingdom in the desert. Because of this Tetois' community has a vintage feel, they like to stick with older traditions but they also take modern traditions in their stride.
Prince Maxwell Rose of Elessio: Elessio is the winter kingdom. Throughout the year Elessio is covered in snow, everyone needs to wrap up warm because of the temperatures that Elessio reaches. The palace is always heated because if it wasn't, everything would freeze.
Prince Jax Quinn of Odea: Odea is the kingdom with beautiful scenery. The gardens are lush and thoroughly maintained, the kingdom is known as the kingdom of flowers because that is Odea's pride. As you walk through Odea you can see the gardens and all their beauty.
—————————————————————————————————————————————————————-
That was the Introductions, hope you liked them.
Any opinions you guys have please tell me in the comments.
Thanks for reading.
Till the next chapter...........