
Kaylas pov:
I awoke when Hannah started shaking me. "Im up, Im up. Stop shaking me you derp." I say pushing her hands away. I pull my chocolate brown and blush pink hair up on me signature bun. "Guess what!" Hannah said pulling her bangs away from her eyes."Just tell me" i said. i wasnt really in the mood for guessing. "Fine. I was gonna go downstairs so i could go and get my bags, but i stopped on the stairwell when i heard sobbing." She said sitting down.
"And, that's what happended." she said finishing the story as I was giggling. "They'd make such a great couple." I said squealing. "I know right. It's the same thing with Paul and I." she said sighing. "So, whats going on woth you and him?" I said checking my phone. "Well, he still is on tour with the Boisterous Bees, and hasnt responded to me." she said sadly. " What about Benson?" I asked unlocking my phone. I put in ILOVEBACON126. I see that i have no messages, so i close it. " He's on tour with Paul. Duh!" she said rolling her eyes. I sigh and laugh. " What's so funny. Missy?" she said exasperated. "Its just that Tessa might actually have an chance." I said shaking my head. She laughs and shakes her head too. "I wish I had that chance with Paul or Benson. " she says dreamily. "You will, sooner or later." I said getting up. She stands up and fixes her hair. "Okay let's go break those 2 love birds up. " she says linking our arms together.
We go down quickly in my opinion, to see Tessa sleeping on Ryan's shoulder as his pets surrounds her as if they're guarding her from evil. Ryan not even by fazed by Tessa sleeping as if it was a regular thing watching some show with a big dude who looked like a moose and some dude with a black suit. He turns his head back and signals us to be quiet and come closer. We come closer and sit down. "Sleep well? " he asks his dog Batdog comes and sits in my lap. We nod and start watching the show. Shooting stars came down as the moose looking dude was being carried out by some dude in a leather jacket.
"So. Why's Tessa here?" I ask as a commercial comenses. "I texted her and she came." He said nonchalantly. I just nod, smirking and watch an M&M commercial. Tessa has to tell us what happened tomorrow at lunch, or that derp is gonna get slapped. Oh, what's for lunch tomorrow? I get out.my phone and check it. It's chicken quesadilla, broccoli, Angel cake, and peaches. That's a great way to start off the first day of school since Summer break.Ugh, guess who's going to McDonald's during lunch tomorrow. I look to Ryan again and he's sleeping with his arm around Tessa. I snap a picture and Hannah does the same. Tomorrow is gonna be an eventful day.
Sup everybody! !! Thanks for reading again. Please vote and comment what you wanna see next! ! Xoxo Drew and Kelsey