
Jasper is an amazing cook. He made the food just right. Tessa needed to get some more napkins for everybody, and went inside to get some. Oliver helped her and they made up I think. The rest of the night was great untill the kids needed to go to bed. We all go inside and put the kids to bed.
"Aunt Tessa we need to have a big breakfast tomorrow morning." Emily says. "I have a practice at 3p.m.." Izic says. "I do too., " Malaki says. "Okay, okay, okay. We'll get everything do be tomorrow. Goodnight. I love you. " she says kissing everybody's foreheads and tucking them in. She closes the door and I'm right behind her.
"Damn, I'm bored. " Kayla whines. Tessa groans then sits straight up. "Hide n seek in the dark with flashlights?" She questions as I sit up straight too. We all agree, but then Ryan says " What about the kids ?". "Shit. Anyone wanna hang back ?" Tessa asks. "I will." Drew and Autumn says. "Okay, go find some flashlights." She says happily.
Well we found 13 flashlights in all. "Who's gonna be the seeker ?" I ask as we go outside "Noes goes." Everyone but Kayla says. "Fuck! " she says as everybody laughs. "Fine. You've got a song to hide." She says bitterly. She turned on the radio and started counting. Tessa takes my hand and we run down to the tree line. I look at her in the moonlight and this feeling in my stomach just comes. Butterflies. "C'mon Liam. I know this great hiding place." She say pulling my hand. "But we're already in the tree line." I say confused. She rolls her eyes and groans. "Just c'mon slow poke." She says getting to a little door in the ground. She opens it and goes in. I follow her,my instincts telling me to  try at her on this one.
As soon as I get down, I see a dead body! Lol, just kidding. I see this amazing hangout/library/ office thing. "See I told you didn't I ? She says cockily. I sigh and laugh. "Who did this ?" I ask as she sits down at the desk. "Well my uncles Paul and Rod, Seth and TJ. It' was my birthday present/ you're in the middle of a war now." She says getting up to get a book. "What do you mean ?" I ask going to her. "My parents are divorce, and they both want me. It's been going since I was 4. They'd  always fight when I was younger, and when TJ graduated I had no one to run to. Sothey b built me this and when they upset me I run away."She says tears running down her face. I stand up and hug her. She sobs onto my shoulder and I lower us down to the floor. I pull her  closer to me. "I-I-I I'm sick and tired of them. W-W-W-Why can they see that they're tearing me in half?" She says. "I don't know why baby. I don't know." I say kissing her head. "I'll be there of you fall apart to, just like you are." She says as I rock her slowly. "Of course baby. I know you'll be there. "I say wiping her tears away. "I'm sorry for dumping that on you." She says tearing up. I kiss her and she kisses back. Dick move to make her shut up.
"C'mon we need to get out so it doesn't look like you-know-What." She says putting stuff back. I groan and help. We get out and hear Kayla shouting "Tessa come out come out where every you are. Same with you Liam.". "Okay, guys we got the point that you're good at this." Oliver shouts too. I take out my phone and text Oliver.
Me: you have to find me!
Oliver: BITCH
Me: it's actually bastard, since imma man.
Oliver:Lol
Me: fuck you
They find us eventually, and after 2 rounds later we quit. "Oh c'mon I  always have to leave when a good songs comes on." Tessa whines. Kayla rolls her eyes and sighs, as we go inside. "Um, you guys can choose where you guys wanna sleep. We have a bunk bed and twin size bed in the upstairs guest room. A queen sized matress in the basement. 2 bunk beds in the spare rooms downstairs. The L couch, the chair, and the other 2 couches  .And the semi-circle of chairs downstairs, and a space in my room" Tessa explains giving us blankets and pillows. We all agree that upstairs KC and Drew get the bunk bed while Kayla gets the twin bed. In the living room Jasper and Spencer get the couches, Ryan the L shaped couch, and Oliver the chair. Downstairs, Autumn and Hannah have 2 of the semi-circle chair, and I got Tessa's space in her room aka reserved for me, so we can get some cuddle time.