
Everybody questions what happened to her and we tell them the story. "Ha! Clumsy! " Drew screams throwing her hands up. "Awww! You cleaned her up and Izic! " Autumn said squealing again. I blush and so does Tessa. "Did anyone else wake up ?" She questions as we hear a car pull up to the drive way. "Nope, and don't  worry its just my hubby Asher ." Kayla said. "Kayla I don't think anyone else needs to know about this." I say worried. "Oh Asher  doesn't know." She says  going out to go see him. "I better go and help them." Tessa says limping out. "I'm gonna freak out if Tessa gets hurt anymore." I say running my fingers through my hair. "She'll be okay man." Spencer said. "So what did you guys do last night in her room ?" Jasper said laughing as Hannah hit his arm. "Nothing but cuddle and sleep. Why jealous, Felixton? " I say a light smirk on my face as Tessa comes in. "No but you should be." He says smirking as he shows me a picture of Tessa and Ryan cuddling. I then in that moment decide that Tessa is mine, and not Ryan's, not Oliver's, and not Nick's. I grab her and dip her into a passionately. When we get up and see Autumn secretly taking pictures, and the kids' were dumbfounded. "Thank you Tessa for helping me recreate "The Kissing Sailor"." Autumn did you get the picture?" I ask covering up very fast. She nods quickly and blushes. "Yeah, youre welcome." she says giving me a look. If looks could kill, I'd be 6 feet under. "Hey guys do you want some pizza?" she asked getting plates and cups for them.
The kids had all 2 plates of pizza and lots of Grape kool-aid. "Aunt Tessa can we go outside?" Tyler said putting plate away. "Maybe..." She said a teasing smirk upon her fast. "Oh c'mon please!" the kids beg as Tyler and Izic gets on their knees. "Ugh fine, but Emily is in charge. And stay outta the street." she said helping Malaki down as I help the toddlers down. The kids run, walk, and crawl outside. I go back to the kitchen to see everybody is there. "Jasper, you dumbass!" KC said smacking the back of his head. "How am I dumbass?" he asks rubbing his head. "I don't know.Hm how about that photo." Hannah said being sarcastic. "Well you're the one who took it." He said sassing back. "Guys, it was totally nothing. We were watching Supernatural and then we fell asleep." Ryan said clering everything up. "Well why would she have to come over and watch Supernatural with you?" Autumn said folding up her arms. "Jenna broke up with me, and I called over my friends, but only Hannah, Kayla and Tessa came over." he said sadly. KC goes over and hugs him. "Sorry, Ryan." Everybody says. "Sorry Ryan, I knew you much you were in love with her." I said coming in. "Yeah, well I'm over her and glad that you guys are together ." He said smiling. "Well that's settled, but Hannah Elizabeth Shaw and Kayla Ann Milosich why would you take pictures of Ryan and I sleeping?" Tessa asked coming in too. I grab her hips and hug her from behind. I rest my chin on her shoulder and she wraps my arms around her. "Well it was so cute, and we decided to use it ad blackmail." Kayla said coming in with Asher. "As if." Tessa scoffed. "Hey guys! " Asher said as Jasper's phone rang. He waved and beckoned Spencer to come with him. They walk out and take a slice of pizza with them. We all greet him and he grabs a slice of pizza. "So whats on the agenda ?" He said leaning on the counter. "Nothing really, we're eating then probably chilling." Tessa said shrugging her shoulders. He nods and pats Kayla's head since he's taller than her. She gives him that smile that screams "I will murder while you're sleeping!". I laugh loudly with Tessa and scream "Jinx, Double jinx, triple jinx, quadruple jinx, penatgon jinx, hexagon jinx!!" with her too. Everybody laughs and I twirl around her and kiss her.
Yay!  I just love them! ! Okay so i know Ryan and Tessa arent a couple buy they are a canon or something like that !!!! Anyways thanks for reading again !!! We love you all!!!! Please vote and comment! !! Thanks
Drew abd Kelsey ☔