
Tessa's POV:               1 hour later
Well Oliver, KC, Drew, Spencer, Jasper, and Autumn came because Jasmine texted them and said that we needed help. Thank the gods, she did. Kayla and Hannah don't know anything about kids, thankfully Ryan does. I can't believe that they thought I was dating him and Oliver. They totally forgot that I'm dating Liam . Oh wait, I forgot. I didn't tell them yet. I mentally face palm. "Aunt Tessa, can you play with me?" Mae says as I put my thoughts away. "Of course honey. What so you wanna play?" I say pulling her up on the couch. "I wanna puzzle." She says getting down. I get up and go the closet where all the games are, and I pull out the Cinderella 12 piece puzzle. She comes in with her favorite stuff animal Rainforest the puppy. She sits on the chair and starts. "Aunt Tessa, when are you gonna have a baby like mommy?" She asks so innocently. "When she marries someone like daddy." Noelle says coming in with her stuff animal LiLo. "But when is that gonna happen ?" She says putting the final piece in the puzzle. "When, Uncle Oliver asks her out." She says in a duh tone. "I ask who out ?" Oliver says coming in with Izic and Bridgett. "Aunt Tessa of course." Noelle says. Oliver blushes and so do I. Zzzz zzz (vibrating noise).  I check my phone and see that Seth texted.
Seth: if u guys get bored u cam go to the farm. The keys to it is the pig one.
Me: k thx.
Seth : yup gtg.
"Who was that?" Oliver says coming over. "Seth. He said if we get bored we can go the farm." I say. He nods and goes outside with Izic and Bridgett. I go to the living room. "Aunt Tessa, I'm bored." Emily says before everyone agrees. "Well, Seth said we can go to the farm. Do you wanna go ?" I ask. They all scream yes. "Well, go get some old clothes on then." I say happily. They all run to their rooms as my friends stare at me confused. "I'll go find some clothes for you." I say going to the basement. I first go to the clothes that we're gonna donate to charity. I find some clothes for Oliver, and KC. I then go to the clothes that our relatives gave us and found some for everybody else.
"Here, put these on." I say throwing it at them. "Love you too, Tessa." Spencer yells at me ad I go change. "I love you more!" I say laughing. He laughs, blushes and chokes on his words. KC jabs him in his ribs. They all go into separate directions.
I come out and find everybody is done. I find Tashas rubber boots and put them on. Tempy is being held by Ryan and Oliver is carrying Malaki. "Lets go." I say going out the door.
When we get to the farm, Steve is leaving with Penny. "Gbye sweeties." She says kissing us on our cheeks. We all said goodbye and they leave in their red pickup truck. "Let's go to the babies." Autumn says pulling her hair back. "Of course." I say reasonably as I open the door and hear so many oinks. Tempy looks scared and huddles into Ryan's neck. He holds her closer, and whispers something in her ear. "Awwwwww. "KC sequels after he did that. I look back and see that he's blushing. "Aunt Tessa can we do what we usually do ?" Zoii asks. "Of course. "I say leaning against the wall. "Let us Pros show you to do this." Emily says as they start the show. Marissa flips the switch and starts the feeders. The bang, clash and boom scares Raleigh and she flinches. I hold her closer. The teens gape in amazement as the kids feed the babies. Oliver kneels down and get a a baby pig, my baby pig named Oreo. "Aw it's so cute." He says. I kneel down and help him pick her up. "Its a she." I say as he cuddles her. "I'm gonna adopt her when I'm outta school." I say a look a sadness flashes across his face. "But, since the thing with my parents I need a place for her to stay, and I see that you like her so...." I say leading him on. "Yes, Tessa. I'd totally watch her !" He says as Izic goes into the pen and grabs his pig Tony. We hug as the kids get their pigs. "Okay, we'll go and get some supplies later." He says standing up. He helps me stand up and I brush my shorts off again. "Aunt Tessa, Aunt Jasmine told me that when people buy a pet together, they like like each other." Marissa says scooping her or he pig up. "Well, some friends can do that. I did that with my Kammi. " Ryan said backing us up. I totally owe him later. We nod furiously. "So what's her name? " Oliver asking his dimples showing. "Oreo Pizza Walker-Schneider. " I say smiling. He smiles even bigger and hugs me again. I hug back, and smile. Finally, I made someone happy, and didn't mess anything up. " "It starts in my toes, and I crinkle my nose Where ever it goes I always know That you make me smile, please, stay for a while now Just take your time wherever you go." My phone plays. I tense up as Oliver asks "Who's that?". "Just a friend." I say lying. "No, that's not!" He says reaching for my phone in my back pocket. He reached it and got it. Fuck, he's gonna know about Liam. I can't see his expression  "So,who is it ?" Mae says trying to see. He locks it quick and says " Katherine. ". I look into his eyes and see anger. What the hell? He's dating Britney, I can date whoever the hell I want. "Well, everybody ready to go to see the mommies! " I say clapping my hands. They put the pigs and shut off everything. I lead them to the Momma pig room. I unlock it and I see that Oreo's twin Chip is running around in the catwalk. I pick him  up and take him back to the nursery, Oliver following me. I give him Chip as I unlock the nursery. He puts him in the pen with Oreo, and looks straight at me angry. Oh, shit! I made Oliver mad!! Run, bitch, run!!! "Why are you dating Liam?" He asks trying to be calm. "Because I want to." I say trying to act calm, but I'm scared as hell. "Tessa, he's a player.".He says anger seeping through his voice. "No, he's not." I say now getting angry. "Fine, but if you get hurt because of him don't come crying to me." He says leaving. Oh c'mon, Liam said he's changed. I wipe a few tears away and leave to join the group. "So how is Gladys ?" I ask Izic who is cleaning her off. "She's good, but she still is hurt from last week. " he says looking at me. "Are you okay?" He asks looking into my eyes. "Of course. I'm just sad that it's gonna be my senior year." I say half lying. "Oh, c'mon. I'd be happy as heck when I'm done.No more homework. No more teachers from the radioactive pit." He says giving me his famous dare devil smile. "Yeah, I guess you're right." I say smiling and ruffling his hair. He smiles and tries to escape. I just grab him a ruffle it more. He finally sprays me with water and I let go. I'm shocked and hug him so he can get wet. He laughs and hugs me back. I look over at Oliver and he's just mad, but smiling. Ugh, damn jerk. We let go and he finishes tending to Gladys. I'll have a talk with Oliver later. I pull out my phone and see what Liam texted me.