
Me and Kylie got dressed in our pjs (up there)and went downstairs.We're gonna play TOD.Im sitting between Johnson and Shawn."Ok who's going first?" I ask."I will," Taylor says,"Ok Nash truth or dare?" "Truth." Nash says."Is it true you have a hu- I mean LOVE Kylie with all your heart."Taylor asks."Yes,"Nash replies."Hayes tod?" He asks."Dare." hayes says. "I dare you to eat jallpeons till your next turn." Nash says as Hayes nods."Shawn or Tod." he says."Truth" Shawn says."Is it true you stalk one of the girls in the room?" Hayes says."Yes,"Shawn said."Is it me,"I ask him ,"because if it is I may stalk you." "Yes and you do know that's creepy we stalk each other."Shawn says."Umm.......yeah"I say."Ughhhhhhh guys we know Mia loves Shawn and Shawn loves Mia loves just kiss already.Oooops!" Jack G screams.Shawn and me lean in and I'm scared this will be my first kiss.Our lips connect and a zoo goes off in my stomach and fireworks.When we pull away I go and sit by Nash and cry."Whats wrong baby sis." Nash asks."That was my first kiss and I'm scared and Ive never had a boyfriend.Im afraid Shawn will judge me." I say."I wont judge you and how has a pretty girl like you not had a boyfriend yet."Shawn says."Cause I'm bullied,Nash,crazy,because I get hate cause I'm a Grier,and because......" I trail off."MIA MACKENZIE GRIER DO YOU SELF-HARM BECAUSE OF THE HATE!MIA MACKENZIE DONT DO ANYTHING YOU WILL REGRET!"Nash screams and I run upstairs and go to the bathroom and make 6 cuts1 for Nash finding out.1 for me thinking Shawn likes me.1 for the hate.1 for thinking my brothers love me.1 all of my life.1 for ever being Grier.I see Nash come in crying.Shawn and Kylie sobbing.Cam is calling 911 thats all I see before everything turns black.-нoѕpιтal-naѕнѕ p.o.v.I'm crying so hard I didn't know she even cut.I want my baby sister.Cam just called 911 and they're on their way here.Shawn and Kylie are sobbing.I know why Kylie is but I'll ask Shawn why he is later......no now."Hey Shawn why are you sobbing?You barley knew her."I say."Because the girl I love is hurt."He answers.