

Liam's POV:
"Baby, tell me what's wrong." I say trying to calm her down. "Baby, please calm down." I say rubbing her back. A few sobs later, she breathes shakes. "I got into an argument with Oliver." She says as I wipe off her tears. I sigh, push back her hair. "What happened? " I say taking her hand. "Well, we were at the farm and he found out about us." She says scared. "Babe, there's nothing to be scared." I say looking her in the eyes. "I know, but he said that you're a player and that he's done protecting me from assholes. "She says sniffling. "Baby, you know I've changed, and he's never gonna be done with protecting you. You've guys been friends since Preschool." I say reasonably. "Yeah, I guess you're right." She says wiping her face. I smile and look at her. I'm so done being a player. I've got a beautiful girlfriend, and she loves me and I love her. "Why are you staring at me ?" She asks as she turns the car on again. "Because you're beautiful." I say as she blushes. (AN: LITTLE TFIOS ACTION THERE!☺⭐). She laughs and shakes her head.
☁⛅☀TIME LAPSE ☀⛅☁
"Okay, so we have Vanilla ice cream, m&ms, and rice krispie Oreos." I say as come back from Super Saver. "Yes !" She says happily. "So, where is your sister's house ?". I ask as we pull out. "Just 15 minutes outta town. ".she says as turns on the radio. I nod and pull out my phone and text my sister Harley, but then remember she's in school." Leaving" by Jesse McCartney  comes in and we look at each other. We smile and sing along. Its the song we first met at Blue's Super Market.
FLASHBACK
(THEY'RE 7 AND 6 YEARS OLD)
"Liam, honey do you want regular Cheetos or Tornado Cheetos?" My Grammy asks as I play with my Pikachu pet that I got from my Happy Meal. "Piplup, use whirlpool attack!" A voice says loudly. My head snaps up quick, and I see a girl around my age and another boy like 11 years old playing with Piplup and Charmander toys. "Charmander, use Fire Nation attack." The boys says as the girl gasps. She's pretty. "Brother! Curse you're sudden but inevitable betrayal." She says as her Piplup falls. I get out of the basket and give it to her. "Thanks, dude." She says smiling. "You're welcome." I say smiling to her too. "Dude, you're lucky. You got Pikachu, he's my favorite!" She says noticing him. "No way, you got Piplp. He's the best water pokemon ever! " I say as her brother gets some frosted animal cookies. "Baby, I'm leaving never to come back again. Jesse McCartney  sang through the announcer. Her eyes bright up, same with me and sing along. "Liam, it's not polite to talk to strangers." My grandmother scolds me. She apologises to the  tall black haired teenager and drags me out the aisle.
As soon as we pull into a drive way, we act like we're in school. "Baby, don't listen to Oliver. I'd never play you, and I've changed. " I say patting her leg. She nods and turns down the music. "I love you." She says kissing my cheek. I blush and she laughs. That's the first time we kinda kissed. "I love you too." I say kissing her cheek too. We finally pull up to an house with a basketball hoop. I'm gonna love it here. "C'mon honey." She says turning off the car. We get out and I already know there's gonna be some fun here. We go inside and the smell of pizza and cheetos are slapping me in the face. "Aunt Tessa, who's that ?"mostly all of the children scream as we come into the kitchen. "My friend Liam Ellison." She says grabbing pepperoni pizza. I sit down next to her and grab bacon pizza. "Aunt Tessa, I wanna watch Barbie the Island Princess." One of the girls says getting Cheetos. "No, I wanna watch TMNT ." The boy sitting in a high chair. Arguments break out and Cheetos are flying. "Hey! Hey! Hey! Stop, boys go downstairs and watch TMNT! Girls go upstairs and watch Barbie. Teens get to choose what they wanna watch. I'm gonna watch Harry Potter in my room." Tessa says calming everybody down. I smirk and pull back my hair. I look at her shimmering brown doe eyes. She blushes and looks away. Ryan, KC, Drew, and the rest of the boys go to watch TMNT, as everybody else goes to watch Barbie. Oliver looks back at us, and rolls his eyes. I'm going to have a talk with that jackass. "Well, I guess it's just you and me. " she says shrugging and getting a Sunny D bottle. "Lets go." I say as she leads the way.