
Kayla: Do you guys wanna come over? Sent: 9:05 R✔
Oliver: We cant, Busy. Sent:9:06p.m.R✔
Kayla: Ok, tell Tessa to text me when you guys arent busy. Please. Sent:9:07p.m. R✔
Oliver: Okay, i will. see ya later guys. Sent: 9:09 p.m. R✔
*Oliver(ಠᴗಠ) has left the conversation.
Hannah: okay, we are here. Can ya come outside so we know where you are, R✔
I get my shoes on, grab my keys, and open my umbrella since its raining. I see Kayla's red bug from the porch. They pull up to my garage and park there. They come out and are carrying lots of bags. "What you are planning on moving in here?" I said helping them. "Well, we thought that since your parents and siblings are here so we thought that we'd sleep on an air matress." Hannah said sitting down a bar stool in the kitchen after we've set down all the stuff in the living room. "Oh, well since we're talking about that. My parents and siblings left to live in New York. They're paying for the house and bills. " i say taking out my Batman mug and filling it up with hot chocolate and marshmallows. "Oh, Ryan. Im sorry." Hannah says reaching out to hold my hand. " Yeah, me too.i know that feel. " Kayla says opening a can of Dr.Pepper and drinking it. I just nod and pull my phone out again and text Maison and Ian.
Ryan: Yo, wanna hang out? Jenna just broke up with me, and Kayla and Hannah are here consoling me.
Maison: sorry dude. Grounded for making my bottle rocket, explode inside the house which broke the vase and the Itallian painting.
Ian: Cant dude, on date with Ashley, shes in bathroom. Sorry dude. Call Tessa. I just saw her out bowling with her friends.
Ryan: Oh, thanks.
*Maison and Ian has left the conversation*
I put down the phone and sip on the hot chocolate. "Wanna talk about how she dumped you?" Kayla said putting her phone in her front pocket. " Yeah, but lets go to the living room and watch a movie first." I said grabbing my phone, and mug. We go into the living room, and I go get the ultimate Pixar movie collection and put it in. "Oh this calls for some food!" Hannah says getting out a bag full of snacks. She hands me Oreos, Kisses, Sour patch kids, and whip cream. I laught and nod a thanks
Thanks for reading peeps!! Its gonna be a 2 part chapter for Better ThatbWe Break because this part you only know that Jenna broke up with Ryan bur you dont know why so,...... anyways expect next chapter tommorow or after tommorow !! Thanks Love !!! ♡♥♡♥♡♥♡☆☆☆★☆♥