
Ryan's POV :
I woke up with Kayla and Hannah talking quietly as they shut off everything.Kayla helps Sir Dork and Lady Geek' s kittens into their beds. As Hannah, puts bags up in rooms. I have such good friends. I then look down and see Tessa sleeping on my chest. Her black hair covering her face, I pull it back and see her face. I love it when she wears it down, even thought she hates it. I yawn, then put my head down and hold Tessa closer. I feel my eyelids getting heavier and heavier.
"Country girl shake it for me girl, shake it for me." Luke Bryan's voice come out softly of the speakets. The aroma of bacon, eggs, and waffles float through the air, as the sunshine radiates through the window. I can hear talking in the kitchen. I look to my left and see Kayla talking to someone on her phone. A excited expression painted her face, then she hung up as Hannah came in. They start talking as Hannah pours Orange juice in our mugs. I hear mumbling of some sort and look at Tessa. Her hair is now over face again, and her face is in the crook of my neck. . Some people want me to be heads or tailsI say no way, try again another day blares out of Tessas hoodie pocket. I flinch as it does. Tessa doesn't even look fazed by it. I smile and shift her so I can get it. I grab it and I see that her lock screen is her family. I wish mine were here. There's 1 new message from Tasha.
Tasha: u still babysitting?
What would Tessa babysit when it's senior skip day? Why do we have senior skip day as soon as we get from Summer Break anyways?  My thoughts were pushed away as Hannah walked in eating an Orange slice. "Hey, finally you're up! " She exclaims happily as Reflections by Misterwives comes on. "Shhh. She's still sleeping. " I say my protective side coming out. Suddenly the song turned up abit too loud as the chorus commenced. Tessa stirs and wakes up as Hannah walks out, probably to chew Kayla up for it.
"Hey Ryan. "She says rubbing the sleep out of her eyes. "Hey Tessa. You have a new message from Tash." I say grabbing it and giving it to her. She mumbles a thanks, and goes off. Batdog then comes in and jumps on my chest and cuddles with Tessa. She sighs, holds Batty closer, and cuddles in closer to me. "What's wrong? " I ask wrapping my arms around her. "Babysitting all the kids." She says petting Batty." All? " I say as curiosity filling my head. "Yup for 3 days. The couples are going on a retreat weekend." She says as Usher's Climax came on. "Woah! How many?" I exclaim my head snapping up. "Tasha and Seth have 8, Jasmine and Elijah have 3, and TJ and Fallon have 1. " She says nonchalantly. I do the math in my head, as Kayla and Hannah come in. "That's 12 kids vs. One 17 year old." I say as Hannah and Kayla leave to tend to the food, which started to sizzle. "Its okay. I can handle them." She says reassuringly. "No you can't." I say stroking her hair. "Yes, I can." She says stroking my hand. "You're crazy to do that. " I say sternly. "Now, I've heard that before but in a different tone." She says laughing. "I'm serious." I say fiercely. "Dead Sirius." She says laughing again. "Hey! That was low !" I say laughing. "Let me see your phone." I demand. She gives me it, and I go to messages.
Me: can I bring some friends to help me.
Tasha: sure. Take ur time tho. Yknow how Jas is.
Me: okay then,
She reads it over, and smirks. "Great idea Ryan. I'll ask KC and the others to come over and help me." She says happily. I give her my best bitch face. She laughs as I say "You know what I mean.". "Yeah, but are you sure you wanna do this?" She says her smile wiping off like chalk getting wet. "Yes. I'd love to help you," I say seriously grabbing her hand. "What are we chop liver?!" Kayla screams from the kitchen. Tessa rolls her eyes and groans. I meet her eyes and we silently agree. "Do you wanna babysit with us ?" She says as I put my chin on het head. "Yasssss." Kayla says as they both walk in. Tessa sits up and I do to. "Lets go then." I say grabbing my keys and putting on my shoes. "We should go change first though." Tessa says heading upstairs, as with Hannah, and Kayla. I sigh, and go upstairs too.
Hey, peeps !!!! Thanks for reading. Please vote and comment what you want next chapter! !!!! Thanks again! !!!!
Drew And Kelsey ☔