
☀☀☀TIME LASPE ☀☀☀
"Okay, Malaki and Izic bath downstairs. Zoii and Tempy in Tashas bathroom. Tyler and Riley bath in Jasmines room. Mae and Raleigh in TJs room." I say as we get into the house. The kids go off racing as I step outside and text Liam.
Me: wanna come babysit? We're having a movie night.
Liam: can't baby, unless you have Harry Potter.
Me: well, of course
Liam: k, when does it start and what shld I bring?
Me: Oreos, ice cream and Idk.
Liam: k, txt me when u start, I love you.
Me: I love you too.
"Is that Liam ?" Oliver asks as he comes out the door. "Yes, Yes it is. And as a matter of fact he's coming over.".I say smirking. He looks pissed, might as well hit a homerun. "And, he said I love you." I say showing him the texts. He shakes his head and glares at me. "What? Did I do something wrong?" I say mockingly. "Yknow, I wanna try and help you from heartbreak." He says angrily. "You don't get to choose who I love and date and it's nor like I'll  end up like all your relationships." I say gritting my teeth. "Well, that's it. I'm done with trying to protect you from assholes,and going at my relationships is a low, even for you. " he says bitterly going inside.
I'd break down right there and then, but I don't let that get in the way. I'm having a nice time my best friends and family. I go back inside and see the first batch  of children done. "Bridgett and Emily Tashas room. Naomi and Marissa in TJ's room. Some teen take the Jasmines room." I say as KC takes the spot.
TIME LASPE
"Hey, KC. I'm gonna head into to pick up Liam." I say grabbing my car keys. "Wait! Liam? Liam from Language Arts, Liam? " she questions. "Yeah, we're pretty good friends ." I say grabbing my hoodie and leaving.
Me:Hey, I'm leaving now. Where r u ?
Liam: at my house, but we need to go to Super Saver and get that stuff.
Me:kk
"Hey baby." He says getting in my car. "Hey, honey." I say reaching over to hug him. We hug and I just break down in his embrace.
Thanks for reading again! !!!! Please comment and vote!!!! Bye peeps!!!☺☔