
Tessa's POV:
I woke up with Liam softly snoring as we cuddle. I smile and look around at my room. I see my trophies from my writing contests, and my pictures of my family and friends. I lift my head up a bit and try and get out of the bed without trying to wake him.
I grab my phone and turn on some music. I walk in my bathroom and start my shower.
TIME LAPSE
As I get out of the shower, I see that Liam is still sleeping. My heart warms up and I go into my closet to pick out my outfit of the day. I put my headphones in and change. I feel arms wrapped around me as I've just put ny t-shirt on, but not my shorts. I turn around and see Liam with his bed head. I giggle as he pulls his head back confused. I explain to him why I giggled and he kisses me. "Yknow, this is abit weird."he says as I laugh. I push him out and close the doors. He laughs and I put on my shorts. I open the closet doors to see that he is changing his shirt. I hug him from behind like he did with me. "Why are we up so early ?" He asks turning around and hugging me the right way. "Breakfast for everybody." I say pulling away and grabbing his hand and pulling him to the kitchen. He grins and pulls out eggs, waffle mix, bacon, sausage, and ham, while I pull out spices and utensils.
☕TIME LASPE☕
Well, 1 or 2 later we had the table set with drinks, the food cooked,and we were a mess. We had pancake mix in our hair, and our clothes were covered in the breakfast foods. I lean on the counter and laugh. "I'm surprised no one heard us." Liam says turning off the oven. "Let's get cleaned then wake everybody up." I say standing straight. "You go first. If someone wakes up, and start eating without everybody else." He explains as I walk over to him. I agree with him by pecking his lips and taking off. I look back at him and see that he's smiling.
AFTER THEY HAVE GOTTEN CLEANED UP
"Aunt Tessa we need to say prayers." Malaki says as I sit down. "Okay, Mal. You can start it." I say as everybody bows their head down and folds their hands. I do the same as he starts the prayer. "Thank you for the food we eat, thank you for the birds that sing, thank you for the world so sweet, thank you God for everything." Malaki says before we dig in.
"Aunt Tessa, can we play X-box?" Bridgett asks putting her and Tempy's plate in the sink. "Yeah, 15 minutes each." I say getting up. The kids groan and leave to go play. I roll my eyes and put my plate in the sink too. "What are they gonna play? They are only kids." Hannah says as I smile. "Minecraft, MW3, and Black Ops: 2." I say truning around to see her. She looks completley shocked. "Wh-what? But they're only 10, and playing violent video games." she questions. I laugh and say something before Izic interrupts me. "Aunt Tessa, I wanna verse you in Black Ops.". I look at Hannah before I laugh. "Sorry Hannah, duty calls." I say walking off to Izic.
"I'm so gonna beat you!" Izic said as pretty much everybody gathered around us and watched. "Ha! As If! I just got my warthog." I reply as everybody cheers us on. "*Gasp* Where did you learn to quickscope?" I ask as I respwan quickly and gather my wits. He gives me the "Are you serious?" look and continues on.
"Haha! We're tied." Izic screams out as everybody groans in dissapointment. I mutter a few curses, but then scream out in happiness as the last kill was shown. I got a headshot from a very far distance. He growls as I ruffle his hair and run away only to fall on Liam. Luckily, I didn't hurt him. "Sorry, Liam." I say standing up and helping him up. "It's okay." he says as every teen looks at us, but the kids paying attention to the game.
"You guys Wanna play capture-the-flag?"
Of course the kids stayed inside, and it was girls vs. boys. It was uneven but we had more smarts. "Tess, what are we gonna use for flags?" Liam asks as Kayla slips on the wet grass. I laugh as she scrambles up and wipes the grass off her. "Well, come and help me find them in the house." I say trailing up to the house.