
Oliver's Pov:
Well, halfway through Pitch Perfect, Tessa started texting Ryan. I know becasue we were sharing a blanket. We were at Eli's house in the basement aka our hangout. She stands up abruptly. "Sorry, guys i gotta go." she says worridly. She hugs everybody goodbye and leaves. God, she's beautiful with the raven black hair, and the flawless hot chocolate powder skin. The beautiful eyes, that make you wanna melt on the spot. The way she smiles, the way she makes the smart-ass jokes, and the way she calls you out for being an idiot. But, that all those thoughts went away when my girlfriend Brittney sat on my lap.
Brittney aka Brit was beautiful, but not as beautiful as Tessa. My friend Milo introduced me to her. She was amazing with those green apple eyes. Anyways, she came on lap and kissed me. It surprised me but, I left my gaze at Anna Kendrick rapping No Diggity to Brit. It lasted for about 2 seconds before Drew slapped my leg, and Elliot saying "Get a room, lovebrids!". Brit snapped and said " We are in a room. Aren't we? Dumb@$.". I push her off gently, so she could get off me.  Eve leans over to her and whispers something in her ear. She looks mad, furious, and just plain pissed off. I hop up and grab her hand. I say goodbye, and leave with her.
"Ugh, your friends are so stupid and mean to me! And I'm on a diet so, I wont be eating!" she said as we pulled into the Drive-Thru of Runza. "Fine, um I'll have #9, no sause, and a large chocolate milkshake." I say getting out my wallet. I drive up to the second window and pay. 2 minutes later I get my stuff and leave. " Yeah, well, you were being rude to Eli." I said defending them. "Ugh, i dont care anymore! Let's go shopping!' she said happily. "No, I have to go home so i can finish my essay. I'm dropping you off at home." I say disapprovingly. "No, give me your money then go to the mall." she says grabbing my wallet. I take it away swiftly. "Give me your money, then I'll break up with you!" she mumbled under her breath. That was like a knife stab to the heart, but went away." Hey, look it's my ex-girlfriend's house.!" I say excitely. "That's my house! Are you breaking up with me?!" she screeches. "Hellz yeah, goldigger!" I say happily as she gets the H e double hockey stick out of my car. "You aren't nothing but @$hole, D*&^, and a #$%!" she rambles on and on as i drive away.
I head back to Eli's house. They let me in. "Finally, you broke up with her!" Eli said clapping me on the back. "Yes, she was starting to be a B*&$#!" Autumn said laughing. "Yeah, apparently Tessa was right, she was a goldigger." I say getting a Sprite. "So, about Tessa." KC says sitting on Eli's lap. "What about her?" I say curiously. "When are going to get the courage and ask her out?!" everbody said. I spit out my Sprite. "What the hell?!" I scream. "We all know that you love each other! It's skinny love!" Drew yells out messing with Owen's hat. "What is that?" I say getting a cookie from Summer. "Its when people love each other but are to shy to admit it!" Vanilla screams coming from the bedroom. " She doesnt love me, she loves Ryan." I say doubtfully. " Ryan is with Jenna!" Ashlynn screams. "Y'know what? I'm done. Let's just watch movies." I say sadly. "Okay, and Oliver you cant trust thots." KC said smirking. I laugh ans shake my head.

Thanks for reading again! Its up to 115 reads!!!  WE LOVE YOU ALL!!!!!!!!!!! REMEBER DONT TRUST THOT!!! XD, bye
Drew And Kelsey

