
Kayla's POV:
As soon as we come in, Seth turns down the music. We go to the kitchen, where we meet Jax the goldfish. "So, lil' sis, how's life? " TJ asks as we sit down in the island. "Dude, I just saw you yesterday! " she exclaims as a cat jumps in her lap, and one in my lap. He rolls his eyes and smiles. Tessa sets the cat on the floor and walks to somewhere.
After a little small talk Seth goes out for a smoke and we follow him outside. "You guys wanna play soccer? " Tyler shouts from across the yard. We look at each other, smile and get up. Izic and Tyler are the tram captains. Izic chooses Bridgett, Ryan, Hannah, Raoul, and Malaki. Which leaves Emily, Marissa, Zoii, Mae and I to Tyler's team. "You're gonna get creamed Tyler! "Izic screams as TJ as the referrer starts saying rules.
⚡⚡⚡Time Laspe ⚡⚡⚡30 minutes later, Izic's team had won. The moms were finally done, Malaki had a bloody nose, and  Tessa came out to help Malaki. "What happened?" She questions as she cleans him up. Ryan had carried him over to the steps. "Well, as he was about kick he fell on his face." He said as she rushed to stop the bleeding. He tries to help too, by getting wipes, and toilet paper. They both tip his head back, and he does. Finally, the bleeding stops and they stop tending to him. "Good job, uncle Ryan." Tyler says as Malaki hugs him and Tessa as a thank you. "How is he your uncle?" Tessa asks getting off and brushing off her shorts. "He's dating you, duh !" Izic says as Tessa and Ryan starts stuttering. "H-he." She stutters. "She-, we- we-." He says. "Oh my god, you guys aren't ?" Fallon says  coming out carrying Raleigh. They both shake their head no. "Well, that's a shocker." Fallon says putting down Raleigh. I pull her to the side, as she starts packing the car with the Elijah, and Jasmine. I explain to them what had happened as the others go inside. We go inside so on after to find that they are all saying goodbyes. They leave and promise that they'll be back soon as the little kids are crying. We all wave from the window. All the are crying and we all have to hold them to calm them down. "Guys, it's okay. They didn't leave because of you, they needed to have a weekend where they hang out as couples and stuff." Tessa says reassuringly. "But why didn't you go?" Malaki says. "Well,because it's like going in a weekend with your boyfriend or for you, your girlfriend." Hannah says stroking Tyler's hair. "Oh, so why didn't you go with Oliver?" Emily asks from my arms. "Oliver is your boyfriend? " Ryan says going pale as well looking upset. "No, he isn't. We're best friends, just like how you and Kami are." She says pointing out. Emily just nods and wipes her tears away,
"So are we good now ?" Tessa says after another 10 minutes of holding. No replies. I check of Emily is sleeping and she is. "Check if they're sleeping." I whisper quietly. They all do, and they nod. Tessa stands up and signals us to do that too. We stand up and Tessa walks to their rooms and put them down. I love Malaki' s and Izic's room. (Its WWE themed). We all go back to the living room and put on Jimmy Neutron. We chill untill we hear a van pull up. Tessa leaps out of the blanket that she was under and runs outside. We follow her to see KC,  Drew, Autumn, Spencer,Oliver,and Jasper coming out of the van. This is gonna be fun !
Hey peeps !!! Thanks.for reading again !!! Please vote and comment what you want next !!! Thanks,.have a nice day !!! Drew and Kelsey ☔