
We go to the basement and find a Dora banner and the Care Bear banner. "Dibs on Care Bears!" He screams out. God I love him.He loves teasing me. He knows I love them. "No, it's mine." I say trying to take it back, but he snatches it back. "Only if you give me a kiss." He said teasing. I look around to see of anyone is around, and grab his waist and kiss him. (HOW VIOLET KISSEW CHAD IN STEP UP: ALL IN.) "Now was that so hard." He said giving me the poster. "Now all we have to do is find a thing to hold them." He says biting his lips and looking around to find it. "How about these pieces of wood?" I say holding them up. "Brilliant babe." He says kissing me again.
"C'mon." I say taking the banners and running upstairs. He runs up with me.
"Found some." I say as we come back. Spencer doesn't say anything, as KC smirks at us. "Those aren't flags." Kayla points out. I roll my eyes and grab Liam's hand to lead him to the garage.
Moments later, we had our "flags" together, a team huddle in session, and we were in the tree line. I was the team captain for the girls and Liam was the team captain for the boys.
3 GAMES LATER(1 1/2 HOUR)
"We whipped your asses." KC bragged as we go up the trail. "Language! " Hananh screams. I roll my eyes and jump on Oliver. He grabs my legs. (He's giving her a piggyback ride) "Run like the wind Bullseye! " I say smacking his arm. He chuckles and then runs.
As we get to the horizon of the tree line, he shifts me from piggyback to bridal style. As we wait for the others we talk. "So can I be the godfather ?" He asks as the morning Sun peers down on us. "No." I say simply. "What ?!" He screams almost dropping me if I didn't put my hands behind his neck. "Rosa already called it in 7th grade." I said as he picked me up again. "But you can be if she dies." I say shrugging. He laughs as everybody comes up to us. "What's so funny ?" Spencer asks. I give Oliver a look. "Oliver and I were just talking about kids, and Godparents." I say directly looking at Liam and see that he goes pale. "Am I a Godmother? " Kayla asks. "No, Rosa is." I say as we put away stuff. "Ugh, rude." KC says while Kayla tries to scratch me but Oliver dodges in time. I smile and kiss his cheek Spencer glares at me and I give him the "What did I do ?" look. "C'mon let's see if my neices and nephews were good." I say jumping off Oliver and going to the house with everybody following behind.
"Hey cuties." I say as soon as I enter the door, but then regret as I see that they are sleeping. "Can you guys help me carry them ?" I say picking my Mae. Everybody else grabs a kid and puts then in their room. "We can watch something in the living room now." I say as we all close the doors. Everybody nods and goes downstairs.
We watch Chowder as we wait for the pizzas we ordered. "Okay, I can't just can't hold this in any more but,  Tessa and Liam are dating!" KC says as everybody's heads snap toward us. Well everybody but Oliver's. "Oliver Alexander Schmidt, you told them ?!" I scream almost launching at him if there wasn't Tasha's glass coffee table. "No! Of course not!" He screamed as everybody jumped up. Liam comes over to my side and hooks his arm to my hip. "Then how do they know ?!" Liam screams. "Guys the kids are sleeping lets go outside and discuss this." I say calmly taking Liam's hand and going  outside.

Hey peeps!  Thanks for reading again !!!! We published this chapter, but then didn't like out so we fixed it. Please vote and comment! !!!
Drew And Kelsey ☔