
Camelia  pov.Buzz, buzz, buzz Ugh what does tahlyia want..its like 6 in the moring. I pick up my phone and text her back.
Tahlyia: CAMELIA WAKE UP
Me: child its like 6 in da moring and u txting me...why
Tahlyia: bc u needa get up chile were going to da park.
Me: Um TAHLYIA ITS 6 IN DA MORING...HELL NO
Tahlyia: ok goody open the door in outside.
Me: Are u freakin serious
Tahlyia: yes now open da door its cold.
Me: ughhhh fine
Text ended
I flip the covers off of my feet and jump into my bunny slippers. Oh my goodness why do this child wanna go to da park at 6 something in the freaking moring like what the hell is wrong with her. I open the door to find tahlyia, allani, kayla, and kamauree at my door step. Hey baby girl whats....why in the hell are u not ready yet, kayla said. What do you mean..were are we going its like 6 something in the moring.
Didnt you get the text from tahlyia that we are going to the park..like right now so please go get ready before i flip, kayla said. Omg ok fine, lani, tahlyia come with me and help me pick out some...wait who is going to be there like are any boys going to be there. Uh yea its a park and its free of course boys and girls are going to be there carlie THINKKK, kayla said. Ok ok my goodness...let me go get dress than.
Tahlyia pov.Ok girl we need to get you something really cute to wear...OHHHH what about that shirt with the lips and the nails and turqoise pants. Omg tahlyia that would look amazing CAMELIA U SHOULD WEAR IT, allani says jumping up and down. Ok fine fine I will only wear it because you guys are sooo annoying, carlie said. Hahaha but you loveeee us tho and dont try to deny it because you know you do. UGHHH fudge bananas I hate you tahlyiaa, carlie said laughing.
Kamauree pov.Omggg im so hungry...this child dont got no damn cookies in this house like what the hell. Kamauree stop going threw camelia kitchen you know how that child is with her food, kayla said. Kayla penson...me and camelia are twins that is my other half..whats hers is whats mines so im gonna find something to eat in this damn house. Well damn dat was really rude kamauree you hurt my feelings, kayla said. OMG NOOO I SOWIEE you love me stop being sad. Hahaha ok fine im not sad anymore...well i really never wasnt but um yeah its ok.
Camelia pov. Yazzzz camelia look at you looking all cute and stuff, tahlyia said. Oh stop it girl you making me blush. hahaha you dumb child lets go before they get mad at us. Ok, LANI LETS GO. OK I WILL BE DOWN IN A MINUTE HOLD YOUR HORSES. Ok come on tahlyia lets go down stairs there is no telling what they are up to.
Heyy my favorite people ❤ remember to vote and comment PLEASE YOU GUYS LOVE MEEEE.