
"The next big thing." -ROLLING STONE
"Move over, Katniss. Tris is the next in line." - USA TODAY
"Thrilling." U.S WEEKLY
"If you haven't heard of Veronica Roth, just ask a teenager. They'll know all about twenty-four-year-old author of the wildly successful books. The trilogy might be ending, but Roth's career is clearly just getting started. - THE TODAY SHOW
"Veronica Roth is the current rave among teen readers." - ASSOCIATED PRESS
"Veronica Roth is already beyond got but could become the next young adult author to blast off into or it." - NEW YORK POST
"The imaginative action and glimpses of a sprawling conspiracy are serious attention-grabbers, and the portrait of a shattered, derelict, overgrown, and abandoned Chicago is evocative as ever. - HOLLYWOODCRUSH.MTV.COM
"Promising author Roth tells the riveting and complex story of a teenage girl forced to choose between her routinized, selfless family and the adventurous, unrestrained future she longs for. A memorable, unpredictable, journey from which it is nearly impossible to look away." - PUBLISHERS WEEKLY (STARTED REVIEW)
"Roth paints her canvas with the same brush as Suzanne Collins. The plot, scenes, and characters are different but the colors are the same and just as rich. Fans of Collins, dystopias, and strong female characters willlove this novel. - SLJ
"With brisk pacing and lavish flight of imagination, DIVERGENT clearly has trills, but it also movingly explores a more common adolescent anxiety-the painful realization that coming into one's own sometimes means leaving family behind, both ideologically and physically." - NEW YORK TIMES BOOK REVIEW
"Nonstop, adrenaline-heavy action. Packed with stunning twists and devastating betrayals. - BCCB
"DIVERGENT is really an extended metaphor about the trials of modern adolescence: constantly having to take tests that sort and rank you among your peers, facing separation from your family, agonizing about where you fit in, and deciding when (or whether) to reveal the ways you may diverge from the group. - WALL STREET JOURNAL
"This gritty, paranoid world is built with careful details and intriguing scope. The plot clips along at an addictive pace, with steady jolts of brutal violence and swoony romance. Fans snared by the ratcheting suspense will be unable to resist speculating on their own factional allegiance." - KIRKUS REVIEWS
"You'll be up all night with DIVERGENT, a brainy thrill-ride of a novel." - BOOKPAGE