
Katrina's PovI woke up at seven.The Sun's rays shone in my eyes. I finally get off my bed today I was going to a new school. That's annoying you see every time I eventually get settled to that school or any school I'll be moving schools again. I haven't moved houses just schools. I walked towards the dining room. Just to see my father was reading a newspaper he already knew I was there. Good morning he said mother at my side good morning Darling good morning I said to the both of them. Our driver dropped me to school midtown high people looked at me strangely and my family's limo . I opened the door and walked in the school as I walked whispering began so did gossiping about me. The whispers were ooh a rich girl wow she's such a snob the rich part was clearly true but not to sure about being a snob. I walked like I was a lifeless soul until I ended up bumping into a guy he looked quite familiar. Oh I'm so sorry I wasn't looking as I pick up his sheets and copies no,no you don't need to apologize I wasn't looking either but I don't think I met you before are you new hey says well isn't it obvious I exclaimed well I'm peter peter parker you he asks Katrina I say well Katrina where are you heading off to ? history answering his question great so am I.
Peter's POV. I'm Katrina she says shyly so where do you live? she asks Manhattan I live with aunt. I'm sorry did you lose your parents she guessed yeah but my aunt took me in raised me like her own. What about you? I ask I live with my mother and father I'm just an only child but sometimes I feel like she's not my mother but I can't prove that in a way. Katrina's POV peter seemed like a really nice guy wonder if all are nice like him he even let me sit with him in history. We met in the canteen suddenly people a couple of people joined him hey peter where were you we searched the whole school for you they groaned and moaned peter glanced at me trying to say I was helping the new girl and thankfully they understood. This is katrina,katrina this is ava Ayala,Sam Alexander,Danny rand and Luke cage hey they say together. And smile at me I smiled back . so my day went as meeting new people as well as teachers. I was so tired that I missed dinner and went straight to bed wondering how will the next day start out.
Peter's POV. I sensed something about Katrina. She seems to have a lot of power no can't be true she looks like a simple sweet girl. But still worth telling coulson. Coulson is our principal/shield agent he runs the school by day and becomes a shield agent by night or basically after school you know what I mean. I run up to Katrina's locker. Hey Katrina did you meet the principal I say I know it's a dumb question to ask but still. Actually no I haven't met him but I would like to meet him.OK we'll just go see him I knocked at the door hoping for an answer. Come in says an irritated voice. Ah Mr parker and Ms rosalse how may help you.Katrina wanted to meet you. Well it is a pleasure to have you here Katrina I'm gald to see peter here is helping you says coulson in a calmer tone.
Katrina's POV. Today I spoke to Mr coulson everyone's really nice I feel like I'm finally fitting in.I was going home as I was walking I heard noises I felt like someone was following me. Next thing I know is that I see cameras from above shield cameras. Then out no where I was grabbed out everything went pitch black. I open my eyes and yell where am I . I see a figure my Name is Nick fury and I am the director of shield calm down says a familiar voice it's ok it was coulson's voice .What are you doing here I exclaimed.I got so scared that I lifted the magnetic items with my hands I tried to hide this from everyone I knew. She's the one says nick in a serious kinda bossy way. What are you going to do with me I question. Recruit you to shield welcome to shield Katrina I drop the magnetic items that were once floating coulson smiled.Ok people so this is the end of chapter 1. I only made up Katrina not the others so basically the story gonna start off at ultimate spiderman and I might change it around later. Anyway thank you for reading.