
TROYE'S POV
"Just 4 more days." I mumbled to myself as I got ready for bed. It had been 5 weeks and 4 days since i had seen him last- well in real life anyway. Me and Connor skyped or called at least once a day. I was actually just waiting for him to come online so we could skype.
A few minutes later I heard the familiar noise indicating that I had a Skype call incoming.I clicked accept."Hi." I said quietly, and he just smiled."Hi Troye, how was your day?" he asked, still smiling."It, was okay. I didn't really do much though so sorta boring." I confessed with a light laugh. "And how was your day Con Con?" I asked with a small smile, looking at him through the virtual screen. his smile dropped."Shit. I really, really, really miss you babe." He said quietly, looking down."I really miss you too Condabon." I said with a sigh, before adding, "But it's only 4 more days. W-we can do this." I said quietly to him, also trying to convince myself that I can do it."It's like everything is deliberately going 10x slower though, like time itself is trying to keep me from you Tro." He said, trying to explain how he felt. I nodded."I know what you mean." I said, letting out an involuntary yawn."You should sleep babe, I'll talk to you tomorrow. I love you!" He said, the smile back on his face,"I love you too Connie, dubai!" I said, waving at the webcam."Goodnight Troye, sweet dreams." I heard him say as I started to fall asleep in the position I was in, which was under the covers of my bed curled up in a ball. I vaguely heard Connor end the call, but I was ready to sleep. I wanted these last few days to go by quickly but apparently time decided to go really slowly.I guess it's true when they say, "Distance makes the heart grow fonder." Because I realised then just how much I needed Connor, how much I craved him. And how much I missed him and wanted to, no needed to have him laying by my side for me to have a good nights sleep but at that moment dreaming about seeing him again would be enough.
-------
NEW BOOK YAY! I hope you guys all enjoy this little collection of oneshots. Some of them are gonna be really short and some are gonna be long but I really enjoy writing so I thought I could just do this :)