
The boy with white silvery hair was fixing his appearance, was  ruffling his hair once more to make it more messier. What can I say? The girls were dying on his messier and his handsome face. He slung his bag on his right shoulder and slammed the door as he got out from his bedroom.
Jogging down the stairs towards the dining room. He saw his parents and her sister, Emma, was having a peacefully breakfast, talking to each other. He walked towards his parents and pecked them on their cheeks. That made them startled. He chuckled slightly.
"Good morning," he greeted them as he went towards his sister. "Morning to you too, princess." Said Jack. He ruffled her brown-ish hair as she giggled. He sat on his seat beside her.
"Jackson Overland Frost," Cecillia, as in Jack's mother, called his full name while caressing her chest from startled earlier. "You do know that wasn't a nice thing to  do to your parents, don't you?" She let out a sigh once she took a soft breathe.
He just shrugged and answered her, "Well, since you two were having your 'chit-chats'-" as he made a cute bunny fingers, "I decided to just go on with it," he grinned and took a bite of his toasted bread.
Kevin, as in Jack's father, shook his head. "Jack, there're many ways to greet your parents, you know." He said. He held onto the cup's handle as he slurp his coffee down his throat.
Emma just nodded in agreement and drank her fresh milk. "Yup," she said popping the letter 'p'. "I agreed on dad with that," she said, fixing her messy hair that wasn't fixed yet.
Jack narrowed her his eyes. "Really? Emma, you're with them now?" He said with his bored face and unsatisfied. She just nodded sarcastically. Jack exhaled a deep sigh and continue to finish his half toasted bread.
After a couple of minutes, the  sound of a bus honking; sounded outside of their house.
"So, we're leaving now," Jack said while they both standing up from their seat and pecked their parents' cheeks.
"Bye mom! Bye dad!" They both bid them goodbyes' as they rushed outside and went inside the bus.
They went to find their seat because it was already full to be exact. As always, Emma went to sit beside her friend while Jack was having a heart attack because of the girls were squealing when they saw him. He just ignored them and luckily, one of his best friend had an empty seat beside him. He walked towards him and sat on the seat. That made Hiccup startled.
"Oh! Hey Jack," he greeted him and continue to read his 'dragon book'. So much for believing in dragons, Jack thought as he snickered at him.
"Dragons again?" He asked him while Hiccup just nodded and flipped to the next page. "Dragons aren't real, Hiccup." He  leaned his back on the headboard seat. "You know, it's only a fairy tale," he murmured to himself.
Hiccup shut his book and looked at him. "Tales that are real," he corrected and emphasized the word real. Jack made him a look. Hiccup sighed and opened his book back. "I know that dragons aren't real,- but I believed that legends had told that dragons are real," he said, not taking his eyes off of his book. Jack just shrugged plainly and took out his phone to play Clash Of Clans. It's the game that he always lose in wars but he just tried to play with it.
After a moment, the bus stopped. That'd only mean one thing. That is; they've arrived at their school. The students got up from their seat while heading towards the door. Jack and Hiccup did the same. Jack stuffed his phone in his pocket while Hiccup shut his book closed and held it between his waist.