
They got out and that's when nightmares came.
Elsa, Merida and Rapunzel were walking together, talking and laughing to each other. Once Elsa's eyes stopped at Jack's, a 'glaring contest' began. Elsa quickly  looked away from him, not wanting to start a fight.
"So, you've already got a job, Elsie?" Rapunzel who was not minding the things around her, was asking happily to Elsa who already got a job.
"A part time job to be exact,"Elsa corrected her and sat down on the bench under the shady tree. "Why are you so excited about it anyway?" She asked her and ignored Jack who was walking passed them. She hates him a lot. More than she hates herself, she thought for a second, but quickly shook it all away.
"It's because we're also got a part time job yesterday," Merida answered her. Elsa gestured them to continue. "I've got a job as a waitress and Rapunzel got a job as a chef-kinda-to-be," Merida said sarcastically at Rapunzel's part.
Rapunzel furrowed her eyebrows at her. "So, you're mocking me now, huh?" She crossed her arms on her chest. "Are you even a girl?" She rolled her eyes and looked away from them.
Merida who was sitting there dumbfounded was confused with what she was saying. "What do you mean by 'am I even a girl'? I am a girl," she mimicked Rapunzel's voice. It's her turn to cross her arms on her chest.
"I mean, you like to play all that boys' stuffs and you said you are a girl? Puh-lease." She said, more dramatic.
Merida made her a look as she know what she meant. "So, you mean I'm a boy now? Attitude doesn't matter! And, do you even know how to cook with hands?" She asked her this time.
Rapunzel turned to her with a glare. "I can and know how to cook you know!" She raised her voice a bit. Now, they both were glaring to each other. Elsa who was sitting there without talking earlier, finally spoke out.
"Guys, guys," she said to them while they turned and look at her. "It's okay for whatsoever you were talking about," she murmured to herself by the end of her words. "Now, let's just go to our lockers, shall we?" She suggest. They both agreed and stood up from the bench. They started walking towards the school building.
After what it seems to be forever, school finally ended. The girls bid their goodbyes' before separating from each other. Elsa who was walking to her house, was thinking of a way to babysit the Frost's family. Well, that's the least she could raise her own money and the only job she could work for now on, she thought to herself in her mind.
After awhile of walking, she finally arrived at her house. It's her aunt's to be correct. Her parents, along with her sister, Anna, was in Arendelle, while she was here, at Burgess. She had to follow them there, but since she had her own desicion, she decided to continue her studies here and lived with her aunt, Rosella. It's only for a year, she thought once again. Yes. It's her senior year. Next year, she'll be in college and she needs to graduated this year for next year.
That's why she works for a part time job, to find money. She doesn't want to burden her aunt's or her parents'.
It's only for a year, and that's it . .
No more Jack . .
⇨ A Jelsa Story ⇦
©Copyrighted story 2015®
NZJelsa™