
Lucy was crying. why? A few moments ago Natsu, Wendy, Erza and Happy kicked her off team Natsu. They called her weak. useless. Pathetic. Now she is crying her heart out. then suddenly Gray, Gajeel, Juvia, Levy, Mira, and Lisanna came busting through the door and ran to Lucy. Lisanna said "I'm guessing he's told you... I'm sorry. I told them not to..." "and I voted against it" said Gray. "Juvia sad that you are crying. They were jerks to you! Juvia wants to boil them in water" said Juvia. Levy was hugging Lucy while Lucy cried on her shoulder. "Bunny girl you should stop crying. I can give Natsu a good punch to the face for Ya!" Said Gajeel angry. The girl only cried more at the mention of his name.
Lucy pov
I cried for a while but then said "I have to leave..." but mumbled it and said "I need to see the master". Levy let me go and I went to the Master's office. He was surprised to see me but before he even could open his mouth to speak I said "master I want quit the guild..." he looked shocked but then asked "why Lucy?" I then told him everything. I left nothing out. he then erases my guild mark and I leave with Lisanna.
"Lucy-San what are you going to do now?" Lisanna asked and I answer "I'm leaving but Lisanna could you stay long enough for me to finish these letters? I want you to give them to who I wrote them to. Can you do that for me?" She nods and it took some time and I finished and put gifts with the letters. For levy my finally finished novel I wrote. for Gajeel a lot of iron. Mira, a charm bracelet. Gray, a picture book of the fun times we had. Juvia, a necklace similar to grays. Lisanna, I gave her a friendship necklace that I've had for a long time. it's enchanted so me and her can talk to each other when I leave. also her side says BEST because she really was the best. even when she first met me she acted as if we always were friends. she didn't care who I was or what I did. She was thoughtful and sweet.
Lisanna stayed with me during that night. She helped me pack up what I needed to pack up and then I handed her the letters. one was black. the letter that goes to everyone else. it had no gift. I said my good bye and left. I walked all the way into the deepest part of the woods.....
Lisanna pov
I watched as Lucy soon couldn't be seen and I ran to the guild. I told the master and he spoke to the guild because Lucy has left and he didn't mention it yesterday. I still have the letters except the black one.
The master yelled so he could get everyone's attention. "okay brats! I have to inform you that one of our guild members have quit!" Whispers went through the guild then the master said "quiet! That guild member is Lucy. she left because of all of you except the few who got the silver letters. Lisanna I believe you have them. who didn't betray Lucy?" I answer while walking and handing them to whom Lucy wanted the letter to be sent to "Levy, Gajeel, Mira, Gray, Juvia, and..." I looked at the last letter. it was for me. "...and me" I said and then Master said "this black is for everyone else. it says"Dear, Fairy TailI'm most likely long gone by now and you probably didn't realize I was gone. I have left the guild because of you. when I first Arrived I thought everyone was kind and loyal. that I joined a great guild and gained a new family. I was wrong because what family leaves one member out? Abuse them? Hurt them both mentally and physically? Team Natsu I hope you know how much you hurt me! You can really die for all I care! Master you were like a father to me and better than my real one was. I'm sorry I had to leave. goodbye.Lucy Heartfillia"What do you all have to say for yourselves?! Those who got the silver letters tell us what it says" the master said. Levy was first. She read aloud:Dear, Levy I'm sorry I had to leave. thank you for sticking by me even when the others left. I'm happy knowing I at least had some loyal friends. in the envelope has my finally finished novel that I promised you could be the first to read. Your friend, Lucy