
After Levy it was Gajeel:Dear, GajeelI'm sorry I'm not tough to say this to you face to face. I left the guild and I'm sorry but thank you for staying by me. you are a true friend Gajeel. here is my gift to you in the envelope. Your Friend,LucyHe pulled out iron. of course. then my big sister read hers.Dear, MiraI'm sorry I left but don't be sad! I do not want to be a cause of sadness. I hope one day we will meet again but till then take the Bracelet. you are a true, loyal, and strong friend. I'll miss you!Your friend, Lucy
My sister held out a beautiful silver and red bracelet. then Gray read his letter.
Dear, GrayI'm sorry I left but gray you are a great friend! You were there for me when I needed it! I'll never forget you and so you don't forget I put a picture book in this envelope full of all the great times we had.Your friend,Lucy
Then Juvia read her letter.
Dear, Juvia I'm sorry I wasn't able to tell you this face to face. you are a great friend and I consider you a sister that I never will have because of obvious reasons. I'll miss so much and here is a necklace that I had made for you. looks a lot like Gray's right? Which reminds me good luck with hooking up with him.Your friend,Lucy
Then she held a necklace identical to Gray's so she put it around her neck. then it was my turn. I open the letter and read it aloud. everyone's eyes were on me.
Dear, LisannaI'm sorry I didn't get the chance to know you better. I know if I had we would have been great friends. don't think me leaving Is your fault. It was the guilds fault. I give this gift because I know we can be friends. this necklace is a enchanted friendship necklace. with it we can talk to each other anytime at all. hope you call soonLove,Lucy
I took out the golden necklace that had angel wings that I'm guessing the two parts would make into a heart. I shed some tears. how could they treat Lucy like that? I put the necklace on and then I sat at the bar to be near my older sister who was also crying. Lucy I hope you're alright...