
📢Important: I want to thank you for reading this book and I hope you enjoy this as much as I enjoy it. This is my first book so if you think something is wrong with this book, or I spelt something wrong please tell me thanks. All charters are made up and if you make your own book. Could you please not copy.Thanks Jessie
Prologue
" Go away, can't you just leave me alone errrrr" Emily shouts at me giving me a huge fright. Her eyes furious as her blonde dyed hair waves when she moves to shout at me.
So a few steps back that will give her some space, right?
Slam the door flys shut in front of me, as the noise echoes thought the small house.
Gosh there was no need for that. what are they even doing in there.
A foot after another I walk back down the hall to my bedroom.
Smallest room in the house I'm guessing, I can fit my bed and draws but I don't have much room for me as I am getting older. Wow I just can't believe I am almost 14.
I get out my favourite book ever ' the girl who could fly '. and I start reading page 228
" Noooooo" Lily's high-pitched voice hovered in the cadences of true panic. Her cry struck piper to the quick."Wait!" piper stepped forward. "wait." Dr Hellion nodded to Nurse Tolle, who pulled the needle away from Lilly's arm. "Yes Piper?" " It was all my idea"
Bang something like glass shattered. I jumped in fright, dropping my book to the floor.
I can feel my heart stop from how it was so quite and what ever broke wasn't meant to brake. I rushed to where the sound was. it came from Emily's and Emma's room.
" Shit what have they done " I whispered so they won't heir me.
I let my hand rise in front of the door, and slowly nock.
No answer.
" Emma? Emily? " I nock again, but my fist more firm.
Still no answer.
I nock again, but lots at once so I just give up nocking and open the door wide open and gasp. "What the fuck happened"
My eyes wide with shock, the beds has been tipped over, everything has been pulled out of the draws and off the shelfs, leaving a big mess everywhere.
I step pass everything lying on the ground trying not to touch anything. I move closer to the big glass door and the window next to it.
That's what the noise was it was the window smashing. glass covering the floor is tiny little pleases.
" Oh.... my..... fucking..... god." I shout picking up some of the glass. " Emma Emily where the hell are you ." I scream. because I know that's me cleaning this up.
" Emma Emily where are you this is no joke" I shout around the house not knowing where they are hiding. I look everywhere but on the top shelf a peace of paper is the only thing not pushed off.
It was folded about 6 times, and it came out to be a note. But it looked like it has gotten wet and I could only make out a few words
Sorry little sis.
Something else that I could not work out because of wet stains.
HELP US PLEASE!!
It also said. And that is all that is vivid to see, and the rest smudged and dried water.
I turned to face the huge window a I looked out at the amazing view. Did they do this? Did someone else do this? but why? where are they?
So many questions just pop up around my head.
I knew they left, they are gone. But the big question is where! where are they.
➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖
Hope you like this book so far.
Xx
~🌲Jessie🌲