
All Rights Reserved.






Soul mate.
Noun.
A person to whom you have an immediate connection with the moment you meet, a connection so strong that you are drawn to them in a way you have never experienced before.

I believe everyone has a soul mate, there IS someone made for you, whether you want to believe it or not. People have yet to meet the person made just for them, some already did, and some lost them along the way.
There have been stories of meeting "The Perfect One" walking your dog in the park, while they're walking theirs, the leashes getting tangled, and next thing you know you're ending up in each other's arms. Perfect right? Just because you think they're perfect doesn't mean that they're your soul mate. Soul mates can come in different shapes and sizes, they can be perfect or un-perfect, they can have crooked teeth, or they can have specks under their eyes. Soul mates usually only have one life together, mine had many more.


"Jessica! Wait up!" I turned around which made my hair blowing in front of me, causing me to look like a monster straight out of a horror film.

"Oh hey, Cole." Cole's my best friend, I've known him since 8th grade when he moved into my school district. We had math class together and became best friends from our shared hatred of the teacher. I mean really who gives someone a 4 page test AND quiz every week?

"How was your summer vacation? I didn't get to ask you in class with it being the first day and all." Cole questioned.

"Nah it's fine I understand, and good I went to Florida with my mom. How about you, what did you do?" I asked.

"Sleep, eat, repeat."

"So the norm?" I replied.

"Yeah basically."

"Wooooww.. You live such an exciting life." I said sarcastically while rolling my eyes.

"I know I do, thanks."

"Anytime." That's when I heard a horn honk. "That's my mom, I have to go, see ya." I said to Cole walking towards the grey car.

"See ya." He called out.

"Hey how was school Honey?" My mom questioned.

"Good." I replied while putting one earbud in to block out her old 1400's music.
"That's good. Do you have any classes with Ariana or Cole?"
