
"Yeah I have two with Ari, and two with Cole."

"Try to keep your grades up in those classes." she said while giving me a stern look.

Sure I will.

"Okay." I said while giving her a smile.

"Good, now what do you want for dinner?" I went with the logical answer to that question.

"Chinese food!"

My mom and I decided to come to a buffet instead so we could get more than just Chinese food . We waited for the waitress to come so we can go to the buffet while I went on Instagram and checked my news feed.

Nothing interesting, just more pictures of girls making duckfaces (altho i can't judge because i do the same thing) and guys fighting over which Anime is better. I used to watch Anime a few years ago, but then i stopped because me and my friends got judged for it since it wasn't "Cool". I could care less what anyone thinks at this point, but I'm just not into it anymore.

By this time the waitress came and we were allowed to go up and get our food from the buffet area.

They had so much food here, i felt like i was in heaven. There was an array of Chinese food, American food, Spanish Food, and sea food. I love Chinese, and Spanish food the most though. I looked around at all of the food I liked and contemplated whether I should get it or not.

By the time I actually picked out my food I decided to go with general chicken, sushi, pork fried rice, and fried dumplings, but I would probably be going up for more food later.

"Are you glad to be back?" My mom asked. We had to leave our home town for about two years because my mom got a job offer that paid her better than the one she had here.

"Yeah, I'm more than glad though, I've missed everyone so much."

"I have too, but you know that we needed that money." She replied with a sigh.

"I know," I paused "I'm just glad it's over."

"Yeah, I am too."

After my mom and I finished eating, we went shopping around the mini stores that were next to the buffet. You know, the ones with cute little boutiques, and cafes.

That's when I saw it. The Necklace I've been searching for weeks to find online, was right there in this old beaten up store a little further down the road! The necklace was a big silver heart shaped locket, but it's not just the locket that made the necklace special, it was the chain. The chain on the necklace looked like a type of stem to a tree with flowers growing off of it, yet with so much detailing done to the chain, it could move anyway it was bent. I know this is crazy but I saw this necklace in a dream once, it felt so real that I knew it must've been an actual necklace I saw before, and I was right. Luckily I've been saving up extra money for this exact moment, and I brought it with me.