
I watched the blood slowly make its way downwards. It felt good. The pain was still there but seeing the blood numbed it in a way. Not good enough though, I needed the pain to go away completely. Placing the razor below the first cut, i made another line of blood appear. Better. Much much better. The flowing blood reminded me I'm still alive.
I was brought out of my reverie when I heard a faint scuffling towards the front of the dark alley I was sitting in. Some grunts and whimpers of pain were heard.
'Please, please don't, please,' the voice was losing its strength. Bringing my sleeves back up, I walked toward the sound only to see a group of built teenage boys roughly hitting a much smaller teenager. Seeing this, something stirred in me and on instinct I rushed forward and pushed with the boy in front with all my might. I wasn't strong enough. The loss of blood was slowly draining me. I glanced back at the victim, a look of surprise in his eyes which soon changed to one of fear. He screamed just as I felt something hard and cold hit my head. Bliss. This pain of not being able to feel was bliss. Then Everything blacked out.
I heard voices around me. Some urgent, some calm, some authoritative.'she's coming to...' 'Bring the anesthetic'. A sharp pain sliced through my head making me want to try and soothe it but my hands felt like they were being held down. Slowly it subsided and the blackness swallowed me again.
1 Month Later..
It was too bright. I blinked several times to try and adjust to the light. I heard a beeping noise from the monitors close by. The needles in my body were starting to feel uncomfortable. I tired moving my arms and legs but they felt heavy and only moved a bit. I looked around and noticed some fresh roses by the bedside and as I looked out the window I could tell I was in one of the top floors of the building.
I tried remembering how I got here and then it hit me. The memory of that night.But just as I was about to think about it though, the door opened gently and in walked a nurse. She was pretty and had kindness radiating off her.
The moment she saw me awake she quickly pressed the button that called the nurses station, 'Patient 106 has regained consciousness I repeat, patient 106 has regained consciousness'. She then walked towards me with a tray which held water in a bowl and a washcloth. 'Hello, I'm Sarah, your assigned nurse, how are you feeling?' She said.
I tried talking but it felt like there was sandpaper in my mouth. She saw this and quickly figured I needed water. She went out of the room and came back quickly, gently lifting the bed with the press of a button, she made me drink it in small gulps. It felt heavenly! After finishing the whole cup she gently set it aside and I said,' I feel ok just a slight headache and my body hurts when I try moving it'.
The door opened again and this time an older woman who looked to be in her 40's walked in with two other nurses by her side. 'Hello, I'm Dr. Brian, how are you feeling ms...?' She more or less asked.
'Kai, Kai Jacobs,' I said, ' I'm feeling ok just a little sore every time I try moving my body,'
'Well just do a quick checkup on you now, we've already called in your friend and he'll be here shortly.'
'M-my friend?' What was this woman saying? I didn't have any friends. The last I remember I was more of a loner.
She looked at me in confusion, ' isn't Jordan your friend?'
The name didn't ring a bell and I started to worry, maybe I'd lost my memory or something. Luckily the Dr noticed my discomfort and quickly changed the subject. They did a cardio gram, checked my blood pressure, temperature the usual. I hadn't noticed before but there was a bandage around my head which the nurses removed. There was no blood on it so that was a relief. The nurses then asked if I felt hungry and after saying yes, one of them left get me some food while the others left me alone for abit.