
But before long, a teenage boy walked in quickly, rushing to my side, looking so happy and compassionate. 'How are you?!' He awkwardly hugged me and sat down in the chair next to the bed.
'I'm fine thanks... Who are you?' I asked.
He laughed heartily,'I'm Jordan! The guy you saved from getting killed a month ago, thank you so much for that,' I was more than surprised  but he did look familiar, he then looked sad, ' I'm extremely sorry too, if it weren't for me you wouldn't have been in this condition...' I stopped him before he could carry on.
'No no no don't apologize, it was my decision to help you, and besides, even if I hadn't intervened I would've died either way.' Recalling how I'd cut myself minutes before. Checking my wrist I saw light scars where the cuts were made. I covered it up, feeling self conscious.
Noticing my discomfort I showing the scars he said,' don't worry, I know about them, the nurses had explained to my parents that that's one of the reasons it made it easy for the guys to knock you out. You were already weak when you stepped in'.
'What happened after I got knocked out?' I asked, afraid to hear the answer.
'The guys were pretty drunk so after they knocked you out it hadn't occurred to them to stop hitting you, and so they hit you all over your body with a metal rod. I tried to help but they pushed me away and slammed my head on the wall. Before they could umm do anything of that um sort the police sirens were heard and they quickly left.' He was  looking down and that's when I realized I had almost been raped! I trembled at the thought and my eyes were starting to tear up. I held them it not wanting to look week. Jordan saw my struggle and sat beside me on the bed. 'Sometimes, even the bravest most strongest people cry. It's okay. Let it all out now because later on when you'll want to cry about it you won't be able to. Don't bottle up your feelings.' And with that I cried and cried, not just for what happened on that night a month ago, but for all that happened leading to that night.