
I slide down the wall and cry. Leaving him was the hardest thing but it was needed. He was blind into thinking he could fight Ashley. I get up and start to run. Josh appears in front of me and Britney comes up from behind. He doesn't move as he just stares at me.
"Why leave the one you love in that kind of state Kat?" He asks coldly and Britney stands ready. She grabs my arm and hugs me from behind and holds me. I push her with a force and it knocks her over.
"I'm so sorry." I say. She coughs and chuckles and struggles to get up and Josh runs over to help his love up and he glares at me
"what did you do?!" He shouted. Britney slowly rises in front of me and hugs me.
"It seems you've found your power Kat.." She says weakly and spits out a little blood. She smiles at you happily and warmly before Andy rushed over. She falls to the ground but they both catch her.
"What happened?? There are a lot a small cuts on her organs." Andy says and he inspects Britney. They gently lay her down and Andy begins focus a lot of energy and starts to heal her. I turn to leave but Andy grabs my arm.He closes his eyes and stands.
"Stay here..you'll be safe with them. I'll leave Kat." He turned away and jumped up to the top of the building and changes and howls. The tone is filled with sadness and pain. I wipe my tears and start to walk away as my finacè approaches me. Josh and Britney keep me close and Britney whispers.
"If your fiancé finds out about your child he's will destroy it..." He walks up to me, smirking
"So I see your lover is gone." My father stumbles out bloodied and looks at us. He spits out blood and tries to punch Ashley but he simply grabs his fist and bends it back and breaks his wrist. My father falls to his knees and groans in pain.Ashley smirks and quickly kicks my fathers head, the force sends him flying into the wall. Ashley begins to laugh as he walks over to father who's breathing heavy and tries to get up. He grabs him by his throat as Josh changes and roars, charging at him. Ashley throws my father at him and he catches him and sets him on the ground.The pain starts again in my head. Britney walks over to Ashley and sets her hand on his head. He screams and he falls to his knees and his eyes roll into the back of his head.
"Stop." I say as my head gets worse. Britney punches him as hard as she can and it breaks his jaw and he collapses and she calms down. I hear a howl from far away and it starts to get closer.I run over to Ashley and hold him close. She spits at me.
"You're disgusting Kat. You hold the man who beat your father to where he's struggling for breath and the man who crippled my husband and love." She slaps me in the face and walks over to my father and starts to help him. A big thud comes from the roof above us. My eyes turn black as I look at her.
"Don't challenge me young one. You're not experienced enough to battle me but I will break you if I must" she says coldly and in a threatening tone. Andy jumps down and changes back, his eyes filled with anger.
"Everyone calm the fuck down or else I'll get involved and this don't end well when I get involved." He says in a warning tone. He turns away from me and walks towards my father and sets his hands on him gently and focuses and starts to heal him.My eyes stay black as I look back at Ashley then to Britney. Vampires come out and grab Ashley as I look at her still.
"Don't try it." She says. Andy growls at the vampires who are taking Ashley.
"Don't try what? You don't scare me at all." I say.She chuckles and appears behind me and sets a finger on my temple and whispers something and my vision suddenly blurs completely.
"You should be afraid of me since I'm able to manipulate the neurons of people's brains."I grab her arm and twist it as the bones break and shatter. I smile at her as my vision becomes clear.