
Andy Smiles softly and catches his breath.
"How long was that?" I ask seeing that the plane is still in the air.
"Maybe about an hour."
"We are closer to Paris." I smile. He kisses me lovingly and brushes my hair back.
"What are we going to do in Paris?" I ask Andy.
"Live together and possibly start a family." He answered. I look past him and look at the ceiling.
"There's a slight chance you can become pregnant. Its very difficult but I've read that in the past vampires have been pregnant and I've witnessed it." I could feel something was wrong. He rolled off me laid down beside me and sighed.
"Was it someone you knew?" I asked him placing my hand on his chest.
"Not personally but an acquaintance. She was pregnant with a werewolf's child but unfortunately before the child can be born..." His voice trailed off. I sat up a little on my elbows and looked at his face. He cleared his voice before speaking once more.
"Last I heard she was tortured to death by her lover because the elders of the species were terrified of the union of both species and they forced her lover torture her to death and then had him die an extremely slow death..."
"And the baby?" He slowly slid out of me and i felt the mixture of our juices slowly run. I walked towards one of the windows in the plane. I glanced back to see Andy shut his eyes and shutter. I go to ask him about it but he starts to shake a little.
"They basically sliced all the major tendons in its small body and watched it grow up crippled and disfigured..." He finally spoke. I sat back down on the bed.
"Do you know who would do this is?" I ask him looking into his eyes. I see sadness and misery in his eyes.
"M...me. The grand elder of the wolves forced me to do it...if I didn't he would of ended me..." He said shaking and a tear runs down his cheek. The words hit me strong and hard. I get up and back away from Andy. Andy covers his mouth and heaves. He Throws up in his mouth and then heads to the bathroom and pukes and pukes again. I quickly get dressed and walk to the bathroom. Andy Pukes once more and his eyes widen as he wipes his mouth and flushes. He washes his hands well and calms down some and  comes out. He gets dressed and lays back down on the bed. A strong scent of blood comes from the bathroom.
"I cant believe you did that." I say. Andy covers his mouth and coughs up blood and winces a little bit.
"I didn't have the strength...I have now..." He says breathing heavily. He suddently rolled over and grabbed his chest and coughs up more blood. His breathing becomes heavy and I narrow my eyes and focuses and I see very fine silver dust being pumped into our room. Andy eyes start to bleed and he rolls off the bed slowly crawling towards the door. I clog up the vents and run to his side.He growls as Frank opens the door and looks at me.
"Stupid wolf. I won't allow the mixing of the species while I'm alive." He kicks Andys face and breaks his jaw and nose. I shove Frank away.
"What are you doing!" I yell at him. Andy continues to slowly crawl towards the door.
"Eiminating a very old pain in our clans plans miss. Now I suggest you leave this room and let me end this wolf." He pulls out a pure silver brass knuckles and puts them on. I push Andy out of the room and lock the door behind me.
"Your going to have to go through me. Leave him alone ill do whatever you want." I say to him. Andy rolls over, grabbing his chest struggling to breath and his eyes bleed.