
I scream out in pain. I woke up the entire house as Britney comes in and looks at my stomach.
"When was the last you are miss?!" She shouts. Andy gets up off the bed and helps me lie down.He sets his hand on my stomach and closes his eyes and concentrates hard and gathers a lot of energy. The pain stops as Andy falls to the ground exhausted.
"What was that..." I say.
"Your child was trying to get out and feed.." Britney says checking if everythings alright. I started to relax as Andy stands up and walks to the door in silence. I look towards Britney.
"Is he okay?" I say. She looks at me and shrugs her shoulders slightly.
"Hes's sensitive miss. He's an incredibly tough on the outside but on the inside he's a marshmallow." She chuckles softly and looks at him.
"He's a very good friend with my husband and he lived with us for a while. So I've battle with him and my husband and I've seen your love hold an area in a battlefield that no body thought he could. But the stubborn man did it and held the area for 3 days by himself as wave after wave of heavily armored vampires attacked him to try and take the area." Her eyes glitter a little bit as she tells the story. Andys head is turned towards me and he nods. I look down at my hands.
"I'm guessing I'm aloud to stay until the baby arrives." I say. She laughs and hugs me.
"You're welcome to stay as long as you'd like too miss. I consider you a sister." She says. I relax more and close my eyes.
A few months later
Andy laid beside me and held me close as I slowly woke up. He smiles and softly rubs my tummy which has grown over the months.
"You're going to be a great mother." He whispers.
"I hope so." I say.
"I know so." He whispers and kisses my cheek.I feel a little pain coming from my stomach.It goes away but comes back. I slowly sit up and look at Andy. He gets up and leaves the room to get Britney. She comes in with a cup filled with blood. I start to drink but the pain stays.Andy helps me take my pants off. Britney looks at me and props my legs up.
"Our child will be here soon." Andy says beside me. Britney grabs soft towels and a pan filled with water and sits at my side. She instructs me to push and I do just that. The pain was excruciating. It was the worse thing possible and nobody could prepare me for this. 45 minutes of intense pushing and pain, Andy held my hand the entire time. I pushed very hard as Britney pulled the child out. She cuts the umbilical cord and cleans the baby off as it starts to cry.
"Its a little healthy boy!" She says. I close my eyes and try to relax but the pain stays and the need to push overwhelms me again. Britney sets our son in a crib, then looks at me. I look at her inspecting something to be wrong but the words she said filled me with joy.
"It seems like you have twins."