
Tears streamed down my face as Jake threw me over his shoulder. He rushed me off away from the circle. I demanded Jake to put me down but he didnt. I struggled before he threw me on the hard ground. I rubbed my lower back before I stood up. Jake looked at the ground silently. I turned my back and cried. He came up behind me.
"I didnt mean to hurt you but we need to move unless you want to turned to dust." He said. I sniffed up and started to walk. Jake kept watch on the time. There was no way i was getting back to my home in time. We took a short cut into town and stopped by a house. Jake unlocked the door and motioned me inside. He locked the door and closed the windows. He pulled the blinds down and the room went dark. He flipped the light switch and headed into the kitchen. I walked into the lounge room and looked around. The couch was all torn and the floor was stained with liquids that i couldnt described. Jake came back out with two drinks. I took mine and placed it down on the coffee table. We took a seat down on the old couch. I yawned a little and looked at Jake. He picked up my drink and handed it to me. I gracefully took it and sipped it. I placed it down and started to feel... strange.
"What did you put in my drink?" I asked Jake.
"Its a special drug we vampires take to relax." He replied. I jumped up out off the couch and knocked over the coffee table. My limbs went numb as i tripped over. Jake picked me up and took me upstairs. I tried to struggle but it was useless. He opened his bedroom door and placed me on the bed.
"Is it relaxing you cuz its working on me." He said as he got ontop of me. The whole room was spinning and my ears were ringing. He kissed me and started to take off my dress.
"Stop..." I mumbled. He slipped my dress off and kissed my neck. I tried to push Jake off but he wouldnt move and my arms were like jelly. Tears rolled down my cheeks. There was a sudden bang downstairs. Jake got rope and tied me to the bedframe. The moment he left the room, I tried to get out of the rope that was tied around my wrists. There were voices downstairs. I shook free of one and worked on my other hand. I picked at the knot in the rope till i was free. I rolled off the bed and went to the window. Before I could open it i remembered it was day.
I was trapped....