
"You can't do that now." I smirk. She sets her other hand on my head and says something. My body freezes. My body gradually gets numb and my vision darkens slowly.
"I have complete control of your mind and body and I can end your life and your babies if I wish. Now make your moves smart or else." She says coldly as she keeps her hand on my head.Ashley comes up behind her with a sword. Andy appear in front of him and grabs the blade with his hand and breaks it before he touches Britney. His eyes slowly turn black from the normal blue as Britney keeps her hand on my head.
"Thank you Andy. But Kat, what is your decision? Do you yield or will I have to do what I will regret doing?" She asks. I can't see a thing now as I try to speak.
"I yield." I whisper to her.
"If you try anything else I will not hesitant to end your ability to move at all." She whispers coldly and in a serious tone. She restores my mind as Andy keeps walking towards Ashley who's still injured.
"You're going to get what you deserve you piece of trash." He says and picks him up by the collar of his shirt and lifts him off the ground. I focus my energy on Andy's hand and he isnt able to move it at all. Another talent has risen as he looks over towards me.
"Don't try and stop me Kat. This bastard deserves it for what he has done." He says and slam him into the wall and it causes a dent and his ribs break and shoulders crack. I move towards Andy and step infront of him.
"You will have to hurt me then." I say not moving. He looks down and punch the wall right next to me. My cheek is cut a little bit as he leans in towards me and stares into my eyes.
"Why protect him Kat? Why risk our child and your life for him? Do you love him more than me?" He asks in a serious tone.
"Right now I do." I say picking up Ashley and begin to take him away. Andy stops me and pushes me against the wall. His eyes turn back to normal.
"The only reason I'm violent is to protect those i love and the ones I care for. Your fiancé uses his strength to push those who are weaker around and kills for fun." Ashley picks up the broke. blade and starts slashing at Andy's back.
"Yes!! I use my strength to make others who are weaker do what I want! And I also love killing people Kat!!! Now I'll finally be able to kill your lover!" He yells and keeps slashing at his back. He is clearly delirious due the loss of blood. Ashley keeps slashing as Andy falls over. Ashley looks at me with bloodlust filled eyes as he grabs Andy's spine and starts to crush it. He screams in absolute agony. I look over to the see the sun rising.
"Leave." I say to him. He laughs and crushes his spine. Andys screaming stops as he passes out.
"Fine. I'll kill your lover another time." He says escaping.