
Hey guys. Sorry about this chapter its a tad short. I'd like to thank everyone that has voted and commented on my story and sadly to say that this wonderful story is coming to an end... I have been over thinking the ending and I could take it in multiple paths but I need to do some more thinking. Comment what you thinks going to happen or what you would like to see happen.
Britney appears beside me and grabs me. Josh runs over and gently and delicately picks Andy up. We all go back to the residence of Josh and Britney. Andy leaves a blood trail to the house. Once inside I bolt up the stairs and enter one of the rooms. I sit down on the soft bed as they begin to work on Andy's spine. I close my eyes and before I know it half an hour passes. It's too quiet downstairs. I walk to the door and open it a crack and stick my head out. Silence. I exited the room and go downstairs. As the lounge room comes into view, Josh is hugging Britney as she sobs into his shirt. My father's sees me at the bottom of the stairs. He storms over and grabs me and drags me towards Britney. There on the floor lies Andy. His breathing steadied to a stop and blood was literally everywhere. My father's grip tightens. I push my father away and run back upstairs. I slam the door shut again and sob violently. The tears stream down my face uncontrollably.
~2 hours later~
I sit on the bed away from the window as the sun creeps through the cracks in the curtain. I hear a thud come from downstairs so I go to investigate it. Andys body tries to move as it slowly heals itself. My father stands by Andy in curiosity.
"I don't deserve you at all. I'm selfish and unkind to you." I say to Andy as his eyes flutter open.
"I don't care. I still love you and want to be with you." He replied coughing a little.I helped him stand to his feet and led him to a room. I slowly placed him down on the bed as he laid back. I walked over to the corner and sat in the chair that was closest. I slowly drift off to sleep only to be awoken by my own screams.