
As the battle continued outside, I held my son in my arms. Exhausted, I slept a little only to be awoken by the front door. Britney shook me and took my son. I got up off the bathroom floor and went into the bedroom. Andy sat there covered in blood, sobbing into his hands.
"Andy...." I say as the words catch in my throat.
"I'm a fool!" He shouted. I glanced at the children to see if they had woken but luckily they hadn't. Josh stood in the door way with his arms folded across his chest.
"The best thing right now is to take your family and flee. The elders already have word about the death of the First one." Josh said. The words hit me hard. Ashley was dead?!? Andy rose from the bed and grabbed suitcases.
"Where the hell are we going to go!" I say to him. His mind was in the right place and was panicking.
"We can go to Kellin. He can shelter us there." He said. I shook my head in disagreement.
"The elders will hunt us down and kill the children. The best thing is for us to be no where near them." I say. He looked at me shocked and stormed towards me. Tears filled my eyes as I didn't want to abandon my child but it was needed. Britney folded clothes and placed them in bags for us. I held my daughter in my arms as I walked out into the street. Andy tightly held our son and sobbed.
"You take him to Kellin. I know where I'm taking her." I say to him. He looks into my eyes with sadness. He kisses me maybe for the last time and gets into a car with Josh. I watch the car take off as I begin to walk towards the Black Parade.
A very sober Gerard opened the door and looked at the child in my arms.
"Isn't she adorable." He said as I handed her to him. He played with her as she looked at him.
"When the time comes I will return." I say to him. Britney grabs my arm and drags me away. The goodbye was short and painfully as I left my daughter in the arms of Gerard Way. We ran the streets away from silent shadows until they caught us. My father approached me which caught me by suprise.
"As the new leader of the vampires its my responsibility to take you in to be have a trial." He said. I looked into his eyes, pleading he would release us but he simply turned his back and walked away. They put us in chains and boarded us onto a plane back home. The plane ride was long and silent. I was relieved when the plane touched the ground but once again we were pushed and shoved towards the grand white castle of the elders. I looked around as we were pushed into a circle. I saw Ashleys friends standing there in disgust. I dropped my head as my father took his seat beside the elder council.
"Kat you have been accused for being a accomplice in the death of the First Vampire and your finacè. I've spoken to the elders about your punishment..." My father's voice boomed throughout the halls. They grabbed Britney and dragged her towards a dark red room. The council stood in silence.
"Where are you taking her!" I shouted. Andy and Josh appeared in chains as screams filled the air. They stopped suddenly to an eerie silence.
"You have been sentence to death." My father said leaving the room. They dragged us into the same room as Britney. Blood covered the floor and Britney laid there lifeless as her head was disconnected from her body. Josh shouted and sobbed dropping to his knees beside his deceased wife. I desperately crawled towards Andy.
"Is he safe?" I whispered to him. He nodded as tears streamed down his cheeks. They grabbed Josh and threw him towards a block. Positioning his head in the correct spot they immediately beheaded him. I shook with fear as they grabbed me. They placed me before the block.
"Kat look at me and only me." Andy sobbed loudly.
"You are the best thing that ever happened to me. Without you I would of been nothing. Thank you for being my love at night." He sobbed as they brought the sword down as I faded into a deep peace where the sun shined.... finally.