
I walk back to the room shuddering in tears. I throw the knife at the wall and slum to the floor. I feel an eerie prescence around me. I wipe my tears and walk back out to see Andys body. I look to see Frank helping the pilot in the cock pit. We had thirty minutes till we reached Paris. I close my eyes and wait. Thirty minutes pass and we land. Frank comes out and grabs Andy's body. He carries it out of the jet as I get up off the ground. I exit the jet and follow Frank closely. A black car pulls up infront of him. He look at you and then at Andy and shrugs a little bit.
"Here's your ride." Frank said.
"Where am i going?" I asked him in a hoarse voice.
"To a place in Paris. A very close friend of mine will be there." I nod and get into the car. He opens the trunk and throws Andy's body in. He shuts the trunk and looks at me. Without a word, he shuts my door and taps the top and the car leaves. I sit there nervously in the back seat as we roll up at a big apartment. On the front are a massive faded sign saying Black Parade. I get out of the car and open the boot. Andys body is healing all by itself. I grab his body and chuck it on the ground. I close the boot and the car drives off."Are you okay?" I ask. Andy slowly gets up and nods and sniffs the air. I look towards the building before Andy hugs me. I push him away suddenly.
"What are you doing?" I say. Andy looks down and a tear runs down his cheek. I walk closer to the building. Andy grabs my arm.
"I dont want anything from you." I say and walk towards the building. He lets go as his eyes return to normal. He blinks a few times and gasps for breath. Andy coughs hoarsely and falls to a knee.
"K...K..Kat?" He stuttered. I turned to look at him.
"I'm...back.." He states.
"Oh.... i didnt realise." I say no caring as i inspecting the door. Andy gets up and turns away. I move the hair out of my face as the door opens. Music blares from the inside. A man stands at the door drunk and grabs my arm. The drunk vampire pulls me inside the building but Andy grabs his hand and twisted it back. He lets go but I walk past him and head towards the music. I push doors open and see all these people. Prostitutes were everywhere and most were drunk. I carefully look around as the lights were dim. Different coloured lights flickered everywhere as I pushed past people. A vampire jumps infront of me with blonde hair but it's hard to tell since the room isn't very well lit.
"Some elder named Frank said someone was expecting me." I say to him. He chuckles drunkenly
"y...yes I've been waiting for you! Welcome to the Black Parade. Names Gerard." He says and grabs my hand. He leads me to a area with guards. Theres cushions everywhere as he sits down pulling me down with him. Andy growls and looks at Gerard.
"Don't touch her." Andy says. Gerard runs his hand down my back.
"Shes fragile." He states. He moves closer to me.
"Leave her alone or else." Andy steps closer and looks at him.
"You do something and ill snap her neck. Relax and go find some girls." Gerard says kissing my neck.
"I'll pass. I only have one and you're touching her" Andy closes his eyes then opens to reveal one of his eyes is black and the other is red.
"Maybe she wants to spend time with a true vampire." Gerard smirks. Andy clenched his fists and looked at me. I say nothing.
"I basically came back from limbo for you...I defied death grasp on my very soul, mind, and body...this is the way you treat me..?" Andy speaks to me.
"You decieved me your no worse than my finacè. You guys would get along so well. Go find some girls to calm you down then come back." I say to him half crying.