
l fell asleep and woke up at 9pm. I rolled over to see Andy wasnt there. I fixed my bed hair and took my leave out of the house. I started my walk up the street but I felt this unease. Someone was following me but it wasnt Andy.
Ashley appeared inn front of me. He smiled  and bowed his head.
"Have you been following me?" I asked.
"Only for a few blocks." He stood up straight still smiling. I slowly backed away.
"Where were you last night?" He asked taking steps towards me.
"I went to see a friend. Why were you following me?" I stopped.
"Don't lie to me Kat." Ashley said appearing behind me. He slowly ran his hand up my back.
"Oh Kat why you lie? Its been 200 years since ive loved a woman. I fight for what I want and ill easily fight for you." He said. I turned to face Ashley. His eyes were now a silver colour.
"What if you had to fight a werewolf. Would you give up again." I ask stepping backwards. He raised an eye brow curiously before answering my question.
"Back then I wasn't lonely. I had people around me who helped me feel normal but then they started to become afraid of my power. So I won't likely back down this time if I had to battle a wolf." Ashley said. Tears filled my eyes as I knew Andy was a hot blooded type but Ashley was more powerful. If the time came I would have to choose between them. I heard a howl in the distance. I turned to see Andy standing there with his great sword. I immediately grabbed Ashley's sleeve and tried to get him to leave.  He raised an eye brow and looked at Andy.
"What are you doing?" Ashley asked.
"Dont ask questions!" I said tugging harder but he didnt even move.
"Why leave now miss Kat?" Andy asked as he tightened his grip on the sword. I didnt answer as I shoved Ashley. He pushed me aside and approached Andy. I quickly ran and stood inbetween the two.
"I knew she was with you but listen up dog. She will never love you because of what you are!" Ashley said clenching his fist. Andys eyes were full of rage with a mixture of torment. I had to resolve this situation before it got out of hand.
"Please lets go." I say looking at Ashley.
"You better run before the sun catches you." Andy said backing away. I turned to look at him but Ashley grabbed my burnt arm and dragged me away. Pain shot up my arm as his grip was tight. He was mad but he couldnt let it out so close to the sunrise. We got to my house and entered the front door. Ashley flung me on the ground.
"If I catch you with that dog again. Ill tell your father and bring him his head." Ashley said with a fiery rage burning in his eyes. I understood now how Ashley was different to me. He didnt understand at all and he was bitter. I heard my fathers footstep as I got up off the floor. Ashley leaned in and kissed my cheek.
"Farewell dear Kat." He said with a smug smile before leaving.