
Another 45 minutes of pain I had to endure but in the end it was all worth it. Britney handed Andy our new baby son as she cleaned off our daughter. Andy handed me our son and went over to hold our daughter. She fussed a little in his arms as he touched her cheek softly. When I was a little girl I wanted to see all the beautiful sights of the world. Right now, infront of me was the best sight I could ever wish for. I looked down at the little boy in my arms. His eyes were open a little as he grabbed onto my finger. I could imagine this is how my mother felt. My father never told me much about her and I could understand the pain he felt. I glanced up to see Andy staring at us. I realised that Andy had been alone. His father was no longer sane and he never spoke about his mother. He was a lone wolf and all of that was about to change. Josh burst through the door.
"Your fiance is back and he's not alone" He says.Andy hands our daughter back to Britney and opens the window. Without a word he jumped out. I struggle to get up but with help I do. I hand Josh my daughter and go to get changed. Before I could go to the bathroom to get out the window, Josh stopped me.
"You're in no condition to battle miss. You'll end up becoming a distraction for him."  I groan and walk past him. Multiple gun shots come from outside. I held toward the door and head downstairs. I fall to your knees still weak. Josh quickly rushes down and helps me up. He takes me back upstairs. I walk towards my daughter but before I could see her Britney picks her up gently and calms her.
"It looks like your good with children." I say coldly. She smiles and looks at me.
"I raised our son for the first 5 years before he was taken. So I understand babies." She says happily and Josh agrees with her. I look out the window. Andy is in his wolf form and all these different vampires scattered around him. He and Ashley are standing in front of each other. I climb out the window undetected and jump down. Andy sees me and changes back and rushes towards me. He takes me back inside.
"Don't help. I can't afford worrying about your safety love." He says in a serious tone. I push him quiet offended. Britney hears us and comes downstairs. He turns his back and I figure this is my last chance.
"Don't you leave. If you I won't be here when you come back." I say. He turns and looks at me.
"Why leave me our babies?!?! There is not a thing you can do against him!! Please I'm begging you to stay here and just put all your faith and belief in me!!!" He speaks in a menacing tone.
"Fine get killed then." I say running up the stairs.I enter the room with my children. Britney walks in and sits down on a chair by the window and watches me.
"Please. Just believe in our closest and dearest friend Kat. Please." She says calmly. Josh picks up my son and cradles him close and smiles warmly as he looks at him.
"He's absolutely handsome and precious. You three are going to keep Andy going and surviving." He says as he gently runs his finger over my sons hand and he lightly grabs it and holds it. Josh smiles warmly and happily. I walk towards the bathroom needing to leave the room. Britney gets up and follows you but I turn around and push her.
"Don't test me youngster." She says calmly.
"Then leave me alone." I say walking into the bathroom.
"Why not bond with your babies?" She asks curiously. I stop and turn around. Does she want the truth why I'm avoiding them. Why I keep think that maybe I'm not meant to be a parent.
"I don't know how to. My mother died when I was a baby and I have no memory of her at all. I'm scared that I'll leave them." I say crying. Britney looks down at the ground. She walks away and comes back with my daughter.
"Watch how I'm holding her miss." She's asleep and comfy and Josh walks over with my son and looks at me.
"Ready to give it a try?" He smiles and asks me.