
I slept the entire day and was starved by the time the sun had set. I slipped on my black heels. I waited by the door as my father aproached me.
"I hope you shall attend a ball in two days." He said walking past me. Before I could even reply he entered his office. I started to walk down to the woods. My thoughts were nothing but my own but i needed answers to my questions. I felt the wolfs prescence as I neared the spot where I saved him last night. It jumped out of a bush and landed in front of me.
"Do you recongise me?" I aprroach slowly. It nodded and knelt down. I didnt have lomg before the sum began to rise since I slept in.
"Can I see where you live? The suns coming up soon and I wont be able to get home in time." I say worried. It nods and stands up and kneels a little bit down and offers a ride.
I get on its back it takes me out of the woods and into the small town. We travelled down the street quickly and fast. We arrive as the sun starts to rise. It covered me up with is its body as It jumped through a window. I start crawling into the corner to escape the suns rays. It starts to change back to human form as It struggles to close the blinds. Once it closes all the blinds it collapsed to the floor to finish its final change. The man was exhausted and rose to his feet. He noticed my arm was burnt and rushed to get bandages.
"I was careless and should of timed when the sun came up." I said looking into his blue eyes.
"It's ok miss." He started to wrap my arm.
"Im Kat." I say smirking.
"I'm Andy." He said as he finished up wrapping my arm. He smiled back and grabbed a change of clothes for himself. I try to advert my stare but im captivated in him. Four large scars ran down his back and as he turned around to face me he had three large scars going across and down his chest. He saw me staring at his scars and walked over to me and knelt down.
"Do you want to know the story about these scars miss Kat or would you rather ravage my body??" He said in a sexy tone. I shyly shook my head. He laid back and rested his hands under his head and closed his eyes.
"In that case I'll rest my eyes miss Kat." I got up to inspect the room. The room was very nicely kept with quite a few medieval weapons hanging on the wall. I ran my hand along the wallpaper feeling the detail.  The swords and daggers and morning stars that hung on the wall were deadly sharp. All of a sudden, Andy jumped up and looked around the room before going for the great sword hanging on the wall.
He Stopped and blinked a few times before he recognized me.
"I apologize miss. My body has been trained to always be ready for battle. It springs up to action at the faintest of noises." I was a little shooken up and was frightened. He punched the wall leaving cracks in the wallpaper and headed towards the front door.
"I apologize miss Kat. I'll leave you be for a little bit.." He sniffed the air and looked down
"I know the scent of being afraid very well." Andy said quitely.