
I start crying as I hug Andy. He weakly sets his hand on my arm.
"I'm..ok...Kat..just...exhausted..." He smiles weakly and some blood runs from the corner of his mouth. Kellin stands at a distance and smiles. Andy slowly moves and walks over to Kellin.
Before he could say anything he passed out. Kellin helped me get Andy to another room in the house. I sat there patiently till he woke up. It was a few hours before he woke up and growled.
"If you don't like the ways things are done for my kind then you can leave.." He said all of a sudden.
"I can leave?" I said confused.
"If you're tired of being with me and having my company around." He said coldly. I could see the emotions slowly fade from his eyes.
"Dont say that because im not leaving you ever." I say to Andy. He sits up in the bed.
"Then accept the way on how wolves behave. We settle most things with violence." Andy said crossing his arms.
"Well do u want me to go?" I asked him.
"What the hell do you think? Look into my eyes tell me what you think." I felt the absolute misery of the thought of me leaving him in his eyes. A tear escapes my eye. Andy punches the wall and it crumbles. He groans and grabs his chest and winces. I got up and walked towards him. A few moments later Kellin came in check up on us.
"You promised me no more violence." I say ignoring Kellins prescence.
"There won't be unless its absolutely necessary. I will stand my ground when someone hits on you and flirts with you."  He turns and looks at Kellin with anger in his eyes.
"That means you. Stop flirting with her and just be friends or else I'll have to break you." Kellin shakes a little and steps out of the room.
"I know how much you hate violence. It usually doesn't happen unless its with werewolves. We love battle and fighting. I used to love it if you remember my armor and my room. That's when I was a younger and stupid. I only keep them around for the memories and to remember my pack.."
"And now? What of Paris?" I ask curiously.
"Yes. I know of a few safe territories that are neutral ground there where neither werewolf or vampire enter. But we can. The only reason they don't enter is because of a meeting a long time ago. The territories are areas where werewolves and vampires can go if they're tired of the violence and want to live peacefully." I think about the idea of Paris.
"So we would be free?" I ask. Andy nodded and smiled.
"Free as a bird" He replied.