
So I added Kellin Quinn, lead singer of Sleeping With Sirens. I have in mind a sequel but I won't say anything about it but if you see other band members it may be a little clue. Comment what you think about this chapter and don't forget to vote!!!!! ^-^
Andy and I carefully follow Kellin through the woods. Andy held my hand and looked over at me. I stared at Kellin for a while till Andy moved closer. I adverted my gaze and look at him.
"In case things go south. I'll be able to protect you better." He said.
"What are you talking about?" I ask him. He raised an eyebrow.
"In case the meeting goes wrong."
"Yeah of course youll protect me. Who else would I want." I say.
"Well I can tell by the way you look at the wolf in front of us." He said angerily.
"Look? Im not looking at him." I say quick. He mumbled and held me close as we walked. I sniff the air and smell a lot of wolves. We arrive to our destination and entered a large house. I looked at Kellin as he smiles at me. Andy narrowed his eyes and growled. Werewolves started to circle us as the leader walked towards us. Andy looked at him and raised an eye before walking up to him to shake his hand.
"Its been a long time since we've seen one another my old friend." I looked back at Kellin while Andy talked.
"I'll be right back." He said to the leader. Andy walked towards Kellin and stared him down.
"Back down or else." Andy said.
"I don't know you and I don't have to listen to you!" Kellin shoved him but Andy didnt move an inch. I jumped inbetween Andy and Kellin. The leader jumped in and grabbed me. He dragged me back to his seat.
"Let them fight miss. My pack member needs to learn respect anyways when its comes to strangers." He says and chuckles a little bit. I go to walk back towards Andy as he growls deeply and his eyes turn a golden brown.
"I may not know you miss but I definitely know what you are and as the leader of this pack you should respect my request or else." I stop and turn back.
"Or else what?" I say. He stands up and appears in front me and grows his claws and raises them to my neck.
"Or else my old friend will have to battle me because of your arrogance and disrespect miss. It will have been years since I fought him and we came to stalemate." I push his claws away and walk over to Andy.
"Please leave him alone. He didnt mean anything." I say to Andy. The leaders growls become louder.
"But my pack member needs to learn his place! You might handle things differently where you're from but this is all wolves do things. Even our animal brothers and sisters!" He says and glares at me. Andy looked at me and shook his head. Tears start to form in my eyes. Kellin narrowed his eyes and growled but Andy just sighed and punched his upper stomach with a 1/4 of his  strength and knocks the wind completely out of Kellin and he falls to his knees. He slowly backed away and tries to say yield. I pushed Andy out the way and knelt down.
"Are you okay?" I ask him. He nods slowly and he looked at Andy with respect and some fear since he learned his place. Andy set his hand on my shoulder.
"He's fine. Just knocked the wind out of him." I shrugged his hand off.
"I didnt ask you." I snapped back. I smile at Kellin but he whimpers and moves back some. Im hurt by his words as he gets up and leaves the room.