
"Do you really and honestly love that beast?!" He asks angrily and punches through the wooden door and looks down at him. I grab Franks arm but he shoves me aside and breaks down the door. He picks Andy up by his throat and his fangs grow out. Andy gurgles on his blood and tries to punch him but hes too weak to even raise his arm half way up. Frank laughs and punches his stomach and the knuckles break his skin and the force breaks his ribs on one side. I grab one of the knifes in the drawer and slice Franks arm off making him drop Andy. He sighs and picks up his arm and he puts it back on his body and it attaches again.
"You seem to forget who you are trying to save miss." The elder says.
"This wolf is responsible for an entire sub clans extermination and extinction." He says and looks at me.
"What do u mean? Hes just one wolf hes not special." I say and look at Frank. He spits at Andy.
"This wolf, by himself, before you were born. Wiped out a vampire clan by himself and basically destroyed the house that they were in. Women and children." Andys body spasms and he gasps for air.
"I'm sorry...for all that I have done..I knew this day was coming...but I wasn't expecting it so soon..please forgive me for deceiving you...sorry for deceiving you Kat...my love..." He says in large amounts of pain. Tears fill my eyes as i cant even look at him anymore. Frank sits Andy up and punches his shoulder. I simply stand there and look down. Frank punches the back of his head and blood splits out.
"He made to completely wipe that bloodline off the face of this earth. He removed all the heads of each vampire after he destroyed blocked all the exits and attacked during the day and he destroyed the hearts of every one in that clan miss. He was an absolute monster."
"And my Finacè no different." I say coldly.
"Your fiancé is different miss. He sent his clans army to destroy this mutts pack and leave him to survive as pay back for the elimination of a bloodline." Frank says and kicks Andys head. Andy passes out on the ground and his fingers slowly stop twitching, his gurgling stops and blood oozes from his mouth. Frank walks over him and sets his foot on Andys chest and looks at me. He hands me a knife.
"Remove his heart and destroy it and his body will die. I destroyed his brain. All that's left is the heart."  I shake my head as Frank scoffs and stomps down on Andys chest. His breathing stops suddenly and doesnt come back.