
"Give us the girl and she will survive."  A vampire says. Andy growls lowly and grows out one of his claws and cuts a hole under us through the roof and he lifts the cab off of us with ease and throws it to the side.
"Who are you?" Andy asks as I faintly look over.
"Im close friends with her and her fiancè. He wants her back safe and she will die if you wont give her to us." He says crossing his arms. Andy guarded me rejecting the vampire. The vampire shook his head and turned back to his car.
"Well she'll die and her father wouldnt like that." He said getting in the car.
"She won't and I'll make sure of that. If they want her back so desperately then have her "fiancé" or father or whoever battle me one on one." Andy growled. I sat up slowly and looked up at Andy.
"Have a nice time in Paris." He says to us before taking off. How does he know about Paris? I asked myself. Andy looked down at me and gently picked me up. Andy placed me on my feet as i groaned slightly from my wound.
"How did he know about Paris?" I asked Andy. I was worried that Ashley would follow us there. The way he just gave up wasn't Ashley at all.
"I'm thinking its a lucky guess. That's the only country in which there's neutral ground between both species." Andy shakes the glass shards off his back. I looked at the cab and saw how bad the damage was. The driver bled out and died.
"How did you know about it? About Paris. Do you have family there?" I asked. Andy shook his head a little bit and looked at me.
"That's where my pack originated from. There's only one survivor of my pack besides me and that's my father..." He looked down sad. His father has been alive all this time yet Andy never spoken about him. He lived alone, hunted alone, survived alone. I walked towards him and placed my hand on his shoulder. My head was pounding more than ever since i had lost all that blood from the crash.
"My father is unable to change back to human form... he lost control of his sanity." His head remained down. I nodded trying to understand. I cleared my thoat to speak some more.
"Will it happen to you?" I asked worried.
"It would of if I didn't find you.." Andy looked at me and smiled softly. I could see sadness and that he was truly afraid and scared, deep in his eyes. He held me closer and looked more deeply in my eyes.
"You make me feel calm and at peace in this world. If I didn't stumble into you that night, I'd probably still be walking alone and have no reason to live. I would stayed like that for about another five years at max until the loneliness and misery consumed my mind and I'd lose control of my anger and lose my grip on my sanity. The only reason I have my sanity is because I love you." Andy said with tears in my eyes. At that night, that one minute, even in the slightest second.. I was completely in love with him.