
Ashley took me to this house on the other side of town. He wanted me to meet a few of his friends also to inprove my social skills. Being an original was harder then it looked. We crossed the front lawn and entered the house. There were vampires everywhere, mostly drunk. Ashley pulled me over towards the stairs.
"Hey Ash!" One man said. I stood there shy.
"This is my fiancè I was telling you guys about. Her names Kat. Kat, this is CC, Jake and Jinxx." Ashley said. I put the names to the faces and took note. They smiled at me before they took Ashley away to talk "business". I stood alone. All I saw were unfamilar faces. Was this it? Was this what my lifes going to be? I went out onto the front lawn to get some fresh air, Even though I couldnt breathe air at all. I sat down on the grass and pulled it down little by little. I heard a shuffle behind me.
"What are you doing out here alone?" Jake asked me. I looked up at him.
"I needed space. It was too crowded in there." I said. He sat down beside me. We sat there for a couple minutes taking in the silence.
"Do you want to go somewhere? Ill take you home and everything after." He said. I felt like Jake was a good guy. I nodded and got up off the grass. He took my hand and started to walk up the street.
Sometimes we do anything. We live for the moment. We practically place our lives on the line... but what if you didnt have a life in the first place? Then what are you? Ive seen thousands of films and read many book to tell that maybe I wasnt cut out for this life. I wished to be something i wasnt. I wanted to do things, experience things. I wanted to feel the warmth of the sun on my face. To get sick and run a temperature. To breathe in actual air instead of imaginary. Just one day, I tell myself but would one day be enough? Would I want to go back to the life i have? Jake and I talked about this topic as he walked me home. There was once a time where Jake experienced these such things. He described them in full living detail like a painting. He once saw a coloured picture but now he only saw a world full of darkness. Over time he embraced the darkness. Before he turned to say goodbye he pulled me close.
"Remember who you are and dont change for anyone." He whispered in my ear. He took off quick leaving me in the doorway of my own home.