
The rain poured down. The street was abbandoned and before me stood Andy. His eyes were bloodshot and puffy from crying. I walked over to him but he backed away scared.
"Andy...." I said confused not knowing what I had done to scare him so. I felt a hand on my shoulder. I glanced to see Ashley clutching the great sword.
"I warned you." He whispered in my ear before approaching Andy. I wanted to stop him but I was stuck, practically glued to the ground. When I tried to speak no sound came out. Tears started to run down my face. Ashley circled Andy and stopped behind him. I wanted to look away but I couldnt. He lifted the sword and with ease, brang it down in one swift motion...
I woke up screaming. I looked around to see my familar room. On the far side of my room I saw a dark figure.
"Sorry if I scared you." Andy said. I immediately jumped out of the bed in tears and ran over to him. He held me as i sobbed into his shirt.
"You should be here. They will smelt you." I said to him. He wiped away my tears and smiled.
"Its daylight they wont know." He said. I was still worried that my father would smell him. I locked my door and sat down on my bed. Andy looked around my room.
"It needs more weapons on the wall." He joked. I rolled my eyes at him and laughed.
"I thought you wouldnt talk to me." I said. He shook his head and knelt down infront of me.
"I dont hate you. I just hate him." He said. Ashleys harsh words repeated over and over in my head. If I told Andy to stay away he wouldnt leave me alone. I brushed his hair out of his face to stare into his blue eyes. He brought his face up to mine and kissed me lightly. He broke away and stood up.
"I need to leave. Theres things I need to attend to." He said opening my balcony door. He moved the curtain slightly and left without a word. I got up and closed the curtain. I didnt want him to leave but maybe it was for the best. I was tired and had a big night ahead of me so i resided to my bed and fell asleep.
I woke up to my fathers shouts. The time was now 6pm and guests had started to arrive for my fathers ball. I groaned and got up. I entered my bathroom and looking into the mirror like i did every night. Even though there was no reflection I still liked to stare into it. I sadly sighed and tied my hair up so it curled down past my shoulders. I changed into a dark blood red dress until I heard a knock at the door. I unlocked it to reveal my friend Jess. She pushed past me and sat down on ny bed. I closed the door and faced her.
"Excuse me what are you doing?" I asked her. She burried her head into her hands. I made my way closer to her.
"This is a nightmare!" She muffled. She looked up to me and her make up was smudged. I hid my giggles and tried to act serious. I dragged her to the bathroom and fixed her face. She did my make up as it neared the time to go downstairs. My heels were unbearable but luckliy it was only for one night. The ballroom was full with Vampires. I searched the crowds for Ashley and was relived that he wasnt there. My father was too busy talking to notice my prescence. Jess left me a few moments later. I watched couples dance and laugh as I stood lonely in the corner.
"I hate seeing you all alone." Ashley appeared beside me. I didnt answer him. He grabbed my hand and led me toward my father. For once in my life my father smiled at me. This wasnt good at all.
"Sir I have discussed with your daughter and it would only be offical if I asked for your permission to marry." Ashley said. He tightened his grip so I couldnt escape. My father sipped his wine deep in thought.
"You have my permission." My father replied.