
Britney and Josh retired to their bedroom for some sleep. I watched Andy slowly breathe as he slept soundly. I got up off the chair and went to explore the house. The stairs creaked as I walked up them. I felt this prescence near one of the rooms. I opened the door slowly and walk in. The room was empty as Andy appeared behind me. He looked at the room as well. I turned to face him to see Josh and Britney in the doorway. They look at us and I smile softly.
"This used to the baby's room.." Josh said softly. I suddenly felt a little ill. I looked at the two of them.
"Somethings wrong.." I say. Britney looks down at the ground before I get a sharp pain in my head. The pain gets worse and unbearable as i drop to my knees. Andy drops to his knees beside me and sets his hands on my head and focus on removing the pain. It goes away but comes back twice as bad. The pain stops suddenly. I look over to them.
"How did you do that?" I ask them. Josh shrugs and Britney tilts her head to the side some confused.
"We don't know what you're talking miss." Josh says. Andy looks at Britney as she looks up. She doesn't say a word as Andy helps me up. I get dizzy a little bit. Britney giggles and runs over to me. I push her away lightly and grab the wall.She grabs my arm and lead me out the room and takes me back to the living room and sits me down.
"Can vampires do that. Do they have like their own powers." I say.
"Most families have their unique powers and abilities." I sense something and stand up and walk to the window. I open the door and walk out to face my father.
"I guess your here to get me to come back." I sayHe shakes his head and chuckles.
"I'm here to just see how you're doing and to see if you're surviving." He says and looks straight past me and stares at Andy and narrows his eyes.
"So you're the one who took her?" He says coldly and a little irritated. He walks around me and looks at Andy analyzing him. Andy smiles at my father and extends his hand.
"I'm Andy." He shakes his hand. I close my eyes and focus. I sense something coming this way. Andy feels it to as he grabs me. He pushes me inside as I dash up the stairs. Britney follows me as I open the old babies room. Ashley stands there patiently. Andy appears in front of me and growls. I push Andy out the door and lock it before facing Ashley.
"Why do you want me so much." I say. I hear the door unlock and open behind me. Ashley slowly walks up to me and slowly rubs up my arm.
"I want you to be mine."  He smiles. I look into his eyes to see  lust and desire. Andy growls again behind me.
"Well what are you going to say Kat?" He asks.
"Nothing till you promise me." I say.
"Why should I promise you? Unless you're going to marry me?" He inquires. I look down.
"Fine." I say. Andy punches the wall as my father comes in. He takes my hand and steps back and takes me out of the room. We walk away from the room before he handed me to Andy.
"Take good care of her and your child." He looks at us. He smiles softly at me and lifts your chin up gently and looks into your eyes. This was a side I have never seen before.
"It will be o..." before he could finish, Ashley comes up behind him and punches him. My father falls to the ground. Andy quickly catches him. Josh and Britney jump infront of me to protect me. Andy places his hand on my father's back and focuses on healing him. Once my father is healed he stands up and faces Ashley. Andy starts to have a fight with Ashley while my father stands back and watches.  I push Josh and Britney away and walk to the window and smash it.