
I run through the dark woods, the blood streaming from the wound in my side leaves a trail behind me, and I hear the panting of a creature hunting me. I crash into a rockface, and slip into a thin cave. I fall back onto my back, and crawl weakly away, raising a clawed hand towards a shadow and baring my fangs
"Get back."
"Your so funny when your hurt." Andy says. I stumble weakly and lean against a wall, covering my wound with one hand. I start to breathe heavily.
"Why do you want to hurt me?" I say in tears. He smiles.
"Its because I hate you." He says laughing.
I open my eyes shivering. Andy sits by my side.
"You okay?" Andy asked me. I shook my head and sat up. He grabbed me and pulled me closer,  and then stopped. He looked into my eyes I felt a bond form between us. He suddenly let go of my arm, shuddering, and looked at the wall. He stood up and held his hand out to me.
"We should get going." He said. We had stopped for a rest and I drifted off to sleep. The drug was slowly wearing off but it made me sleepy. I took his hand and helped me up. We head to the east, and begin walking. Andy tilted his head and sniffed the air, slightly changing course, heading towards a solitary mountain.
"Do you have a place up here?" I ask. He nodded back at me, following a small trail upwards.
"Yes. I have a place here. There's a tunnel which leads to the valley on the other side where there's a village. Its more of a cave." He glanced back at me.
"You dont like me do you." I say. He stopped.
"Kat... I havent seen you in months. The last time I saw you was went I told you to leave my house. In any other position your fiancè would likely have me killed. To top that your a vampire and you have to wrap your mind around it. " He looked into my eyes back and smile faintly.
"Ive never stopped liking you since the night you saved me and I never will stop." He said looking down.
"So shall we go?" I whispered softly. He nodded silently and turned, walking a little quicker. As we round a turn, we come to an entrance of carved stone which lead into a large circular cave filled with all sorts of luxuries. Rugs covered the floors and a huge pile in the corner acted as a bed, gilded furniture close to the walls, and a small crack in the wall trickled water down into a basin. Andy stepped nervously aside and let me survey it.
"Its beautiful." I say walking into the cave more.
"Thank you. Its been...years. I haven't cleaned lately." He said, squinting at imaginary dust on the edge of the basin. I look at the bed in the corner.
"So where do I sleep?" I say nervously. He followed my gaze and blush lightly.
"You may take my bed." He said as he gathered a large armful of furs and place them some distance away, and settle down into them.
"But its your home. I dont want to be a bother." I say. Andy laugh, but not unkindly.
"Just make it feel like your home."  I smiled and sat down on the bed. He looked at me, biting his lip.
"I uhh, dont have food. I can probably get some in the village." I look around the cave. I saw him blush as it settled into an awkward silence. He  glanced at the reflection of the rising sun near the entrance.
"You should be sleeping soon. You and The sun don't agree, of course." I nod. Andy left the cave and I decided to get some sleep hoping that Ashley would never find me here.