
I fought back the tears as I heard Andy shuffle towards me. His pulled me toward him and hugged me tightly. He rubbed my back slowly.
"What shall we do?" I asked since I had hours till sunset.
"We can do whatever we want to do." He smirked. He bent down and kissed me on my forehead. His hands slowly started to rub my lower back.
"We shouldnt..." I whispered to him, unsure where this was heading. He lifted my chin with his finger and looked me in the eyes.
"Why not." He whispered back and softly kissed me on the lips. My hands wanted to explore every inch of his body but I was restricted to do so. He grabbed my hips and deepened the kiss. My hands travel across his chest, feeling his scars. I look into his eyes and smirked. I looked away.
"Care to show me a tour of the place?" I said.
"Of course." He smiled as he took my hand and lead me to his bedroom. He opened the door and led me inside. There were even more weapons on the walls. In the middle of the room was a king sized bed with velvet red covers. I could feel Andy's eyes on me as I walked over to the bed. He brushed past me laid down on it.
"Your beds massive for just one person. Dont you ever get lonely?" I ask him.
"I enjoy my space when I sleep Kat but alas im always lonely." He stared at me. I could fix your loneliness. I would say but i didnt want to awaken my inner goddess.
"Did you have a family before... Before you got bitten." I said softly. He slowly nodded his head but I saw a tear runs down his cheek.
"I'm the last survivor of my pack and clan." He spoke. I felt the need to confort him or at least to show remorse.
"Maybe I could talk to my father or maybe someone higher than my father." I said but he simply just shook his head.
"I don't want to make your father mad or upset once he knows you've been with a werewolf. To me, your kind sees us as filthy animals." I could hear the sadness in his tone. I could visualise my Father being furious when he found out ive socialised with a Wolf nicely. It mad me furious.
"They may... but I dont. I see differently to them. The vampire that was with me last night wants peace between the two races. I can help you." I said. He raised his eye brow.
"You have a gentle heart miss Kat and that's very rare to find these days regardless of being human, vampire or wolf."
