
"Thank you. So what are youse two?" He inquired to Andy. Andy glanced at me then back to Frank.
"We love each other sir." Andy replied simply. Frank chuckled quietly to himself when Andy mentioned the word love. Andy's rage started to boil as he stared into Franks eyes directly.
"Thats a little strange dont you think? Last I heard she had a finacè." He said smirking.
"She doesn't feel the same way to him sir." Andy look over at me.
"At least I hope she doesn't." He added. I get up and walk to the bathroom leaving Andy looking at me a little concerned.
"Maybe you two should get some rest. Theres a spare room down there." Frank points down the hall to a wooden door. Andy thanks him. I sigh softly looking into the mirror and see nothing. Tears well up in my eyes and i get frustrated. Im sick of being this.. thing. Andy knocked lightly on the door.
"Everything ok?" He asked softly. I wipe my eyes and open the door and smile a little. He looked at me pulled me towards him and hugged me gently.
"What's wrong?" I pulled away from him.
"Im fine." I whipser softly and I look back at the Mirror. Andy watches me and looks at the mirror as well.
"You're absolutely beautiful." He says. I walk and face the mirror. Andy sighs still looking at me. I search for a image but all i see is the wall behind me.
"Would it be lovely to be normal." Andy moves closer to me and looks in the mirror. I see his reflection in the mirror. I sadly walk to the bed in the spare room. I sit down on the bed as Andy walks in.
"I havent seen myself before." I say. Andy smiles softly and sits next to me.
"I have a feeling most vampires haven't." He says.
"How long till Paris?" I ask. Andy kisses my cheek softly.
"At the rate a private jets travels, I'm thinking maybe 3 hours." I look into Andy eyes.
"We have 3 hours to ourselves. No interruptions." I try to hide my smirk.
Hey guys so I added Frank Iero, another band member just magically popped up. Don't forget to comment what you like or dislike about the story so far and don't forget to vote. ^-^