
Sorry for not updating there was a massive storm and the power was gone for a rough 5 days. All is good now dont forget to comment and vote ^-^
*Warning! Sexual scene.*
He gently kissed my way up to my neck to my ear.
"Tell me what you wish me to do to you" Andy whispered and ran his hand down my side. I was nervous to say anything back.
"I want you to do everything." I whispered back. He smiled and bit down on your neck gently, not pulling blood. He reached down and softly touched the bottom of my dress. Andy slowly started to slip it off of me, biting his lip. He sat up and pushed his back against the cave wall. He kissed me gently, removing my dress completely and throwing it to the side. He leaned back and admired every curve of my body.
"You" He begin, "are breathtaking." Andy said in a breathless voice. I moved to sit on his lap. I cupped his face with my hands and kissed him. He slipped one hand to my hip and the another tangled in my hair as we kissed. Andy shivered at how close we were. I pull back slowly, looking into his eyes. He smiled softly and kissed me back lightly, rubbing my back in small circles. He pulled his shirt off, smiling and running his hand down my bare side lightly. I ran my hands over the scars on his chest. Andy shivered softly, pulling me closer.
"What shall we do now?" I whisper softly. He whispered quietly into my ear.
"I want to bring us pleasure..I want to be one with you" I blush lightly and look to the side.
"I um havent been with anyone." Andy smiled, looking back at me.
"Then it will be something special for us both. If you want to..?"
"Of course i want to." I say. Andy smiled lopsidedly.
"What would your fiancè think?" He asked, laughing quietly and leaned to kiss my cheek softly.
"I wouldnt care less what he thought." I said. He softly kissed down my neck to my chest, glancing up at me.
"Good. Neither do I." He said. He kissed me back hard, rolling us over so he was above me. I lowered my hands to his belt. I kissed him back passionately as I could hear Andys heart beating faster. He reached down and slipped his pants off, blushing slightly. He lightly ran his fingertips up my leg, and reached one hand down to gently part my legs. I kissed him hard and passionately,
"Are you ready, my love?" Andy asked tentatively. I bit my lip.
"Yes." I said shyly. He smiled and kiss me softly, gently pushing the tip into me. He pushed deeper into me and gently nudged my barrier. He quickly thrust forward, tearing it. Andy gently started sliding back and forth, burying himself in me each time.
I run my hand down his side slowly and felt him shiver softly, moaning quietly. He started thrusting harder into me, tangling his fingers in my hair. I bite my lip, wrapping my legs around his waist with a soft moan escaping my lips. I was enjoying every sensation as he slammed deeper and harder into me. His breathing grew heavy as he got closer to finishing. As I moaned Andys name loudly, We both climaxed and I dug my nails into his arms.
He blushed some and smile, laying atop me.
"That was..amazing," He rolled to lay beside me, taking me in his arms. He softly, rubbed my hip. We laid there for a couple of minutes.
"What if... I was to get pregnant?" I asked nervously.
"Then our child would be the union of two races, and we would do our best to raise him or her." He  gently took my hand.
"I'm never leaving you" He smirked.
"Never?" I asked.
"Never." Andy replied.