
Hey guys. Ive been gratefully for all the votes and reads its been amazing. Comment what you think about it so far and also im going to add a band member from a different band in to mix it up. Comment who u would like to have a feature or who u think im going to put.
I wake up and look around the cave. I looked over to see Andy still dozing softly with his mouth open and his hair messy. He groggily opened his eyes and looked around, yawning.
"What time is it?" He asked, blinking tiredly.
"I dont even know." I say giggling. I look at the door and dont see light as Andy yawned again and sat up.
"Last night..was amazing." Andy said leaning over and kissing my jaw softly. He got up out of bed, still naked, looking for his pants. I find them and throw them at him. He slipped his pants on and went to go grab a new shirt.
"Get whatever you want or need from here. We'll be leaving tomorrow night." Andy called out.I got up and slipped my dress back on.
"Where we going?" I asked. Andy smiled back at me.
"Paris" he said simply.
"Paris? Why are we going to Paris?" I asked. He shrugged.
"A more luxurious life, easy meals, and escape from the vampire scum following me, no offense" He said looking at me.
"None taken." I say. Andy stretched and slipped on his new shirt, yawning again he walk over to a small closet and open it, pulling out a dull sword. He started to go to an open space and take a stance, and then begin practicing his forms.  I saw something move outside so i decided to follow it. I go outside the cave and follow the mysterious shadow. I got my foot trapped in something and Andy walked up beside me and knelt down.
"Everything okay?" He helped me get my foot free.
"What were you up to out here?"
"I thought i saw something." I say. He looked around, not seeing anything.
"Maybe an animal?"
"It didnt look like one." I say. He immediately frowned and looked around more carefully, hefting his dagger in his hand.
"Lets get back to the cave" Andy said.
"Is everything okay?" I ask.
"Yeah.. just have a feeling" We start walking. back towards the cave, glancing around. I could feel something was wrong. Andy glanced at me.
"Get down!!" He yelled. I dropped to the ground as he flung his knife towards it. The thing moves and Andys knife hits a tree. Andy shook his head and walked over to retrieve his dagger. He came back and grabbed my hand. We ran back to the cave where I waited outside. Andy dashed inside, and came back out with a beautiful ebony colored bow, the grip edged in copper and red wire. He had a quiver over his back.
"This. A very..special bow."
"Why is it so special." I asked. He reached for the empty quiver, and a dark red mist forms into an arrow, which he quickly nocks. He pulled back the arrow and fired at a tree. The arrow rips through it, and 3 behind it with a thunderous crack before a mini implosion takes place. Andy smiled grimly.
"This is is the bow and quiver of Hircon, first Werewolf. Sacred relics amongst the clans." He stated.
"How did you get that?" I ask him. He looked to the side, his voice seeming to come from far away.
"He was my father."