
Kat's POVThe doors open and Gerard and I head to a room. He opens one of the doors on the floor and motions me inside. He smiles at me as i look back at him. I take a seat on a chair.
Andys POV
I stand back and see a prostitute walk up to me and starts talking.
"Hi there handsome." She says and I look at her
"Not interested." I reject her still upset about Kat.She sets her hand on my arm and I look at her
"I'm not interested." I say again to her in a deeper tone.
"You're so strong and handsome though and you look lonely." She says to me. I sigh and push her away gently. I sniff the air and growls some as the prostitute slowly rubs up my abs as I look up at the ceiling before looking back to her.
"Leave me alone please." I beg her not wanting her anywhere near me.
"You're gorgeous and I want you big boy." She slowly rubs up my thigh as I sigh and push her back some again. I growl some as she comes back and licks up my neck slowly and my lip curls some and I look at her. She chuckles and slowly rubs over my crotch as she kisses my neck
"Oh come on big boy I can make you experience things that you've never experienced before." She whispered in my ear. I grab her throat and I stare at her and she sees anger in my eyes.
"Don't touch me or else I'll end you." She backs off slowly looking over towards the elevator. I follow her gaze to see Kat. Tears ran down her delicate face but she also had an anger in her eyes. Without words she stormed up the stairs that were next to the elevator. I chased after her and I set my hand on her arm gently.
"Please believe me Kat. Nothing happened.." I said to her but she turned to face me with tears in her eyes. She looked behind me to see the prostitute.
"I don't want her Kat! I love you Kat with all that I am." I turn and punch the prostitutes in the stomach and it cracks her ribs and breaks her sternum. She's gasping for air and I grab her by her throat and lift her up off the ground.
"This is why." Kat says pushing me hard, knocking me down. I drop her and look and look back at Kat.
"why what? Do you want to know why I'm so protective of you and why I'm so short tempered?" I shout at her"
"I want to know why! Your so violent now its like youve changed!" She shouted back.
"Because I don't want to lose the one I love...I'm terrified of being alone again..." I shout at her. She goes quiet and looks down.
"Your losing me already!" She says crying.
"I am protective...overly protective..." I look up to see Gerard looking at us. She walks over to him and enters a room. He walks in and closes the door.
Kat's POV
Gerard smirks at me as he sits down on his bed. I feel faint and sit down next to him on the bed. He  picks me up and lifts me through a window. Another vampire grabs me through the window. He rushes down to a black car when Andy appears in front of us. He clenched his fists and punches the one who's holding me and sends him flying back into a light post. Andy catches me and hold me close and He starts to run away with me in his arms. He stops and gently bites my neck and drinks most of the drug out of my body. Andy closed his eyes and shakes his head some. He started running again and focused on getting to a safe street. We turn a corner before Andy recognized the street. He howled desperately before falling to his knees. A few werewolves come and there's a few vampires that come out as well. Andy looks at them and his eyes roll into the back of his head and they encircle us. The car stops and the vampires get out and the werewolves look at them and growl and hiss as a werewolf helps me up. While Andy falls backwards, a vampire breaks his fall and checks his vitals.