

My father was furious last night. He smashed half the compound and I was positive he was going to smash the rest. Tonight he was twice as mad. A War was starting and the old ones were not to be interrupted. I left as swiftly as I could and made my way to the woods. The snow fell gently around me and the breeze sent shivers up my spine. I couldnt feel the cold but I dreamed that it would feel icy  against my face. I sighed and shrugged my thoughts away. I was who I was and it was impossible to change. The snow crunched underneath my feet and my hands felt the trees. I enjoyed the eerie silence and the luminous moonlight. But I wanted to feel the warm sun. The way it would bright up everything. I longed for those days but instead I only got nights. A tear fluttered down my cheek. I heard a noise and I turned to my left. A figure slowly emerged from the shadows and smiles menacingly at me. Its fangs and eyes were blood red. I slowly back away till I froze.
"What do you want?" I ask the mysterious figure. A man appeared in the light as his eyes changed to a light brown color.
"To see how you're doing on this wonderful evening miss" He replyed. His voice was husky which made him alluring.
"Im fine thank you sir." I manage to say. He smiled calmly and looked into my eyes.
"That's great to hear. Would you like some company to walk with you this evening?" He said. I silently shook my head. His long brown hair danced lightly in the breeze.
"I'm Ashley by the way. What's your name?" He said and bowed his head.
"Kat." I humbly replied. "Kat." My skin glows in the moonlight and my eye color changes from hazel to a green. He was captivating in the light. He slowly stood up straight and his eyes turned into a deep blue.
"It's a pleasure to meet you Kat." He gently took my hand raised it to his mouth. I felt him lightly bite it and lick up the blood that extracted from it.
"I know exactly what you are and which clan you come from". He smirked again.
"You are a 2nd generation vampire from the second strongest clan in the country." He looked deeply into my eyes. His eyes turned white and extended his hand. I looked cautiously at his hand before he spoke.
"Do you know who I am, truely?" He questioned. I stood calmly and quietly as he turned away. He walked a few steps and then slowly dissolved into the shadows.
"I'm the original and very first vampire from which the clans came from."