
"So my old friend is with a vampire now??" He walks towards me and Andy and sets his hand on my shoulder. He looks at me and smirks.
"That's very interesting Andy. I hope you havent broken the sacred oath?" He asks. Andy smiles and looks back.
"I have broken it." He says and the leaders eyes widen and clenches his fists.
"So what you're saying is you've been with a VAMPIRE!" He shoves Andy against a wall and he chuckles.
"Yes that's true my friend. I highly suggest you release me before I also have to put you in your place. Unlike you I've been training and practicing. I see that you're no longer in as good as shape as you used to be." The leaders rage increases as i stand my ground.
"I think he can have sex with whoever he wants." I say. He snaps his head towards me and roars loud enough that I have to cover my ears. He punches Andy in the chest and he sinks into the wall about 6 inches but all Andy does is laugh. He shoves the leader back 10 feet and runs to me.
"I need to fight him or he wont let us go. The things he will do to you are unbearable to think about. I'm getting sick of this pointless violence..." As soon as Andy finishs saying this I hear bones pop and a body expand and changes and Andys eyes widen. He turns around quickly and I see that the leader has changed.
"Friend! Don't take your rage out on her! Take it out me! She's done nothing wrong!" The leader is a lot bigger than the average werewolf and I could tell that Andy was tense and a little scared from the tone of his voice. He roars and steps towards us. Andy pushes me to go get the pack. I go talk to Kellin and he assembles the pack and gather in the room.
"This will be my final warning my friend! I don't want to do this!" Andy says.
"You've become weak Andy!!! You've let that vampire bitch corrupt you!!!" The leader appears in front of Andy and tries to stab his claws into his stomach but Andy stops his hands half away from his skin. He closes his eyes and focuses. Andy slowly opens them.  Andy disappears from in front of the leader and appears behind him about 10 feet away against a wall and jumps. He sets his feet on the wall and uses it to spring himself forward almost at the speed of sound and the force used to propel forward makes the wall crumble. Kellin stands beside me, protecting me. The leader quickly turns around and steps to the side and elbows Andy in the back. He picks Andy up and slams him into the ground and the ground cracks and creates a crater from the impact and dust rises as the leader laughs. I felt faint as i nearly collasped but Kellin caught me and led me away. He looks at me concerned. Kellins hands shake and his eyes are hollow. A loud roar echoes through out the large house and breaks all the windows. The fight lasted for another 30 minutes before i heard a low and deep howl that changed into a yell. I saw a body tossed out of the room and a person step out the doorway and walk towards me slowly limping. I stood up and walked over and stood infront of the person. They fall to a knee and as they fall the hair moves from their face revealing who it was....