
'Beep, beep, beep.' My eyes snapped open. I reached for my phone and touched the snooze button. Why the heck is this thing ringing I dont even have school today I thought. Oh my gosh today is the day we have to prepare the school. Only 6 of us were chosen. We all got mail that said we were obligated to come prepare the school the saturday before, good thing is we get 5 extra credit points for the beginning of the year. I didn't know who the others were. I quickly ran in the shower knowing I was going to be late. Finally in 10 mins I was completely ready to go. I ran down to the kitchen where their were floating plates of food and the dishes were cleaning themselves. "Hey grandma!" I yelled over the noise."Good morning Alice" She said then went back to her newspaper and coffee. I grabbed a piece of toast and ran out the door. I'm a 15 year old witch. I know what you're thinking why not just use your powers but I can't my powers are very unstable and anything can happen if I try to cast even the most simplest spells. My parents are on the run the Witch's council accused them of being traders so they dropped me off at my grandma's and took off 4 years ago. I'm banished from the Nether World too because no one wants the daughter of traders. I have curly long black hair that can get frizzy any time. Light brown skin. I'm a little taller than the average 15 year old girl. I have pink medium lips. Small brown eyes, a medium size nose. I also have high cheek bones.
Buzzz, buzzz I pressed the buzzer so that someone would open the doors of the school for me.
Finally Mr. Gonzales opened the door for me. "Thanks" I. Murmured silently. "My daughter came in early." He replied in a snarky manner. I looked down ashamed. Mr. Gonzales (Mr. G) is fat man who has enough hair to pull it back. He thinks he and his daughter Mi-Amor Gonzales nicknamed Mimi are better than everyone. I assumed since he's here Mimi isn't far behind. Great this is going to be a great day I thought sarcastically. I followed him to his class the Literature room. There were 5 kids there. My best friend Adreana Justice (Miss. Model Justice), The school pervert Rico Daminiko, Candice Meadow (candy), Mi-Amor Gonzales (Mimi), and Giovanni Morris his mom is Italian his dad is american (Geo) my crush. I walked quickly towards Adreana. "Why are you late? I had to put up with these people for 5 whole mins!" She announced dramatically making people look our way. I looked down and mumbled an apology.
Adreana Justice is my 'best friend ' for two years now. Actually shes my only friend. Nobody in this school likes her and nobody really knows me. She likes to call herself Miss. Model Justice. She a bit of a drama queen. She doesn't like people but she loves attention good or bad. If you cross her you're going to regret it big time she knows how to get back at people good. She likes me because she can tell me what to do and I don't talk back. I'm a pushover I know but what am I suppose to do lose my only friend. Even though she's not much of a friend. She has curly blond which reaches to her shoulders. Her eyes are light green blue, a small petite nose. Pale skin and medium sized pink lips. She is average height of a 15 year old girl.
Mr. G assigned Adreana, Geo, and me to staple packets. Candy, Mimi, and Rico were assigned to fix the classrooms seatings. Geo and I put the packets together and Andrea would staple. Andrea talked to no one in particular, while Geo and I ignored her. Geo looked at me for the first time in 2 years and said " are you new here? I don't remember seeing you around school." I looked up at him surprised he actually talked to me. "No I was here last year." I answered. He looked at me confused. "Really? How come I've never noticed you?" He asked. "I'm pretty quiet." I said shrugging. Suddenly Geo yelped out in pain. He looked like he was ready to cry. He then pulled his hand toward his chest. I looked at his bloody hand. "Oh my gosh! What happened?" I yelled frantically. "I'm so sorry it was an accident." Adriana said innocently. As Mr. G came over. "What happened here?" He asked. "I am so sorry Mr. G I accidentally stabbed a staple remover on Geo's hand really hard." She said again innocently. Mr. G looked convinced. "You get some paper towels. And Adreana get some help." I ran to the bathroom grabbing a handful of towels. I knew Adreana wasn't sorry she did it because we were ignoring her. I have to do something. I thought, he's hurting. So I cast a simple healing spell on the paper towel so when he uses them his wound will heal. But I'm not sure if I did the spell right. I'm never sure. I rushed into the room handing the towels to Geo. He used them to wipe the blood as soon as he did his face seemed to relax. He removed the towels. He smiled brightly. "Everyone look I'm healed!" He shouted excited. Everyone was surprised. "But how?" Mr. G asked. At the moment Adreana walked in with the secretary. I guess she heard the news because she said. "Who cares. He's healed." Mr. G and the secretary Ms. Kay looked confused. "Okay everyone back to what you were doing. And be careful I don't want any more accidents" He yelled everyone hussled back to work.