
Zach POV: Present
When I woke up I felt empty coldness beside me and I wondered why then remembered it's Sunday. Cheri and Colin had probably already cleaned and Cheri was probably ready to leave for work.
I padded down stair to find Sam still asleep, snuggled against Colin. I didn't want to disturb them and Cheri wasn't in here so I went into the kitchen.
Unfortunately instead of Cheri I found Alec rummaging through a cabinet.
"What the hell are you doing?" I asked, sitting on the kitchen counter.
"Bro, I need something to help my headache," He groaned. "I'm still hungover."
"You know where you might find something helpful? In the bathroom. There's this thing called a medicine cabinet in there."
"Shut up."
"Where's Cher?" Only I called her Cher.
"Went to work."
"Without saying goodbye first? She usually says goodbye first."
"You know, you two aren't connected at the hip." And with that, Alec walked out.
Zach POV: May 29th, 2013
My dream was going wonderfully when a stretched out creak of my door woke me up.
Screeeeech
Suddenly, I was up and alert, trying to think of something I could use to defend myself.
Who would be opening my door at midnight? A robber?
When the door completely opened I could see the frail frame of a small girl. Even in the dark I could recognize that it was Cheri. She had moved in on the 16th, four days after her brother had been killed.
It had been eleven days and I still wasn't used to her living here. Dollar store makeup left in the bathroom, the smell of cheep, vanilla perfume, and cheerios in the pantry instead of whatever sugary cereal that was usually there. And, occasionally, I could hear her crying downstairs in the guest room. I wanted to comfort her but what would I say?
"Cher, what's wrong?" I asked in a hushed voice, like someone might over hear the conversation.
Cheri stepped into the room, closing the door gently. She started walking gingerly to the the side of the bed where I was at. I heard sniffles coming from her and saw her hands shaking.
"I-I'm sorry that I woke you up," Cheri's voice was cracked and higher than usual. She had obviously been crying before, now she was trying to hide it. "I just-I don't know-" She stopped, you could tell that she started crying again. I strained my eyes to see her in the dark. What I saw was a sad girl, with a crumpled face and tears streaming down her cheeks. Only Cheri made that look beautiful.
"Hey, it's okay. Come here." I sat up in bed and motioned her over. Cheri climbed timidly onto the bed then onto my lap. I hugged her tightly, whispering in her ear that it was okay, that it would be okay.
I felt her tears against my bare chest as she collapsed into my arms. Her whole body shook and I wondered if this is what she'd been dealing with for weeks. I never wanted her to be like this again.
Letting her cry, I sat with my arms around her patiently. When the tears slowed, I gently took her head away from my chest and tilted her chin high enough so that we saw eye to eye.
Picking off some loose hair that were stuck to her face because of the tears, I gave her a smile.
"Why don't you just sleep with me tonight? It'll be easier to sleep."
She gave me a weak nod, clearly not wanting to talk, then we were both under the covers. She was still clung to me and I held her closely. When her breathing slowed and the tears stopped coming and the shaking had reduced I realized she was asleep. She feel asleep fast, probably from being tired and I wondered how many nights she had spent without sleep. I gave her a kiss on the top of her head, letting my lips linger there.
"I love you, Cher."