
It was Friday, after school (even though I hadn't gone to school today) and Zach called me again. I titled my head at the phone. It had been awhile since I talked to him and I missed his voice...
I snatched up the phone and answered it.
"Hello?"
"Cheri?!" I could practically hear Zach perking up. "Oh my god Cher you finally answered! I've missed you so much, where are you? I'll come pick you up right now. Jeez I'm so sorry I said that I-"
He was saying a thousand words per second. I rolled my eyes and cut him off. "Yeah I know it's fine, but I'm not going home." Home. It wasn't even my house. I didn't have a home.
Zach paused, rolling that over in his head. "Why not? I really love you Cher and it's killing me go be away from you."
I tried to ignore what he said. "I think we need to break up."
"Really?! All over one thing I said?! God damn it Cheri why do you have to be so stubborn all the time?" The sweetness and worry that was in his tone before had left and was replaced by anger. Zach also rarely called me Cheri.
I sighed. Should I just tell him why I was breaking up with him? Any smart girl would have done that, but no. I was too stupid and scared. "I just...can't be with you Zach. I'm really sorry."
"Why can't you be with me?" His voice was still angry but I heard desperation.
"Why would you want be to be with me?" I retorted and I heard him groan on the other line.
"We've been over this before."
"Yea but the longer our relationship goes on the more I feel like you don't want me around..."
"Come on Cheri, you know I love you."
"Just because you say you do doesn't mean it's true." I started to bite the nail of my thumb, something I did often, especially when I got upset. "And let's be honest, I'm not your charity case. I can handle myself."
"Cheri," He sighed with frustration. "Can you just please come see me?"
"See you?"
"Just meet me by the spot." Ah yes. The spot. The spot where Zach first kissed me.
"I don't know..."
"Please Cher. For me?" His voice had softened and in my head I got a image of Zach with big puppy dog eyes.
I shook my head with annoyance. "Fine. I'll meet you there at ten."
***
Aw it's cute when Zach gets concerned about her. Idk maybe I'm the only one who thinks that😂
But anyways, guess who's pissed? Me. Something happened on my Wattpad and now all the stories I'm reading (except like 5) are moved back to the beginning and I have no idea where I left off.
Yeah so there's that.
Sorry I'm so slow with updating, I have like four other stories I'm working on plus school.