
Zach POV: Present
"You guys see Cheri anywhere?" It was lunch and the cafeteria was packed. I hadn't seen Cheri all day but I figured if she was at school then she'd defiantly be at lunch. I craned my neck to see around the room. She could be sitting with her other group of friends, who were very annoying in my opinion, but she usually sit with them often.
When I looked at their table, Cheri wasn't there.
"Why are you so freaked about finding her?" Graham asked through a mouthful of chips. "It's not like you won't see at home when school ends."
I grimaced. "I might not. We got in a fight at she said she was going over to Sam's."
Sam cocked his head to one side. "She never mentioned coming over."
"I figured."
"Just find her later." Colin rolled his eyes. "Anyways are you guys going to go to Victoria's party this Friday?"
"I'll go with you," Sam smiled then took Colin's hand, twining their fingers together. I remembered one time Cheri told me how a lot of girls at our school wished Sam wasn't gay, because he was actually really cute and a great boyfriend.
"Maybe. Cheri might not want to go." I shrugged.
Bryon looked up at his food and at me, narrowing his eyes. "You evolve everything around her now."
"So?"
"It's unhealthy."
Sam rolled his eyes. "Its cute and I'm pretty sure it's not unhealthy."
Bryon snorted then went back to his food.
"Fine," I put up my hands. "I'll go to the party."
I turned to look at Sam. "Do you think she'll come back."
For the second time he rolled eyes then hit me on the shoulder. "She'll come back." His phone buzzed, signaling he had gotten a text. "It's Cheri. She said she's not at school today because she's sick."I let out a relieved sigh. If she wasn't at school then she was probably at home.
Cheri POV: Present
I checked my phone again. Two calls from Zach and two text, one from Sam and another from my friend Amy. I checked Amy's text first.
Victoria is throwing a party this week. I have the best dress for you if you want to wear it!
A party huh? Not gonna happen. I want even going to go to school for the next week. I had to keep calling the school, using the excuse that I'm sick.
But I was to scared to go anywhere. I defiantly couldn't go to Zach's house, that'd just put him into more danger. The only reason I went out of my room was because I had to use the bathroom or I'd gotten hungry.
I decided to check the other text from Sam.
You at school??? Zachs worried!!
I texted back. They were probably at lunch right now, if I had to guess.
Not today. Feeling sick.
Yeah, sick to my stomach. I didn't even bother to check my voice mails from Zach.
Sam read it but didn't respond back. ~~~~~~~~~A week went by and I ignored Zach's voicemails. I was keeping in touch with Sam, having little conversations through texting everyone in a while. Apparently Zach forced him and Alec to drive around to look for me.
I knew they wouldn't find me. And they hadn't. Thank God.