
Hey whiskers. Omg I'm sorry but I unpublished all 14 chapters. Um I'm going to try to republish? Sorry for the in convince!
Cheri POV: Present
Do you ever feel like there's no reason to be here? In this world? That's how I used to feel. Back before I met Zach.
Now I know what you're thinking, that I'm weak because I "need" a man or that I just want attention. But honestly, I did need him. Do need him. Sure I'm only 17 and we've only be together for two years. That doesn't mean I don't love him. He was all I had.My parents died so what I had left was my brother, Jay. (Jay died a year ago from being hit by a car...) We didn't have much, we lived out on the streets. Not that I minded. It's not like people liked me anyways. I didn't have friends. I was the loner. And honestly, I was probably a little bit of a bitch too so can you blame people for not wanting to be around me?
But Zach and his friends changed me. Sam is my best friend, though I'm probably not his. He's adorable and sweet...and gay, not that it matters. Sam's boyfriend is actually another one of Zach's friends.
Colin is like my big brother even though he's my age. He's also Sam's boyfriend. Colin is, how you say, a little rough around the edges but if you got to know him he's great.
Then there's Alec, who thinks Sam and Colin's relationship is just weird considering they've all been friends since Kindergarten. Alec is the fun one in the group, the player. Always hitting on girls, making other people laugh, and saying inappropriate jokes. He's also like a dog. Loyal but not too bright. A great friend.
Zach has two other friends (Bryon and Graham) who hang out with all of us but usually don't talk.
And I guess that's all of us. In a thousand years I never thought that I would have such a great boyfriend and friends. I don't think that they thought that the weird girl no one liked would ever hang out with them.
I wish I could go back and tell my 10 year old self that one day it would be all okay. Maybe then she wouldn't have been so sad.