
Zach POV: November 5th, 2012.
My friends and I stood in the hallway that was in front of the English class room, just like we do every morning before school starts. Just about everyone in our school (except a few loners) stood in their cliques.
"Hey look," Alec nudged me, "Its Cheri, the schools newest slut. I heard she got felt up by Matt Price." He snickered crudely.
I watched Cheri as she gingerly walked down the hall. She had nice blue eyes, flat as can be bleach-blonde hair, and was kinda short. Just real tiny in my opinion. Cheri wasn't pretty but she wasn't ugly either. Average wasn't a good word. I guess she just really didn't stand out.
When she walked down the hall she walked differently than most kids did. Like any confidence that she might have had was long gone.
The whole walk down the hallway, people would either purposely bump into her or lower their voices to a whisper. All snickering or gossiping about her. One girl even coughed slut. Cheri just kept her eyes foreword.
"He might not have..." The guys got praised and the girls got shunned. I hated the word slut.
"You're joking right?"
I shrugged and when she walked by she looked over at me. We held each other's gazes for only a second. Then Cheri ducked her head down and kept walking away.
Later that day, who else other than Cheri would I accidentally run into?
"Sorry, I'm kinda clumsy." A light laugh escaped her mouth.
"It's fine." I smiled. I liked the way she laughed. "I'm Zach by the way."
"I'm Cheri. But you probably already knew that." The last part she murmured and I could tell that she didn't think I heard.
"How are you with...all of this?"
"All of this?"
"The uh, ya know...rumors?" I wanted to know but it was rude to ask.
"Why are you even talking to me?" She asked, sounding exasperated. "Because if you think that you can try anything on me, you can't. I will hurt you if you do."
I had a feeling some other guys had tried "No, what? I wasn't-"
She cut me off. "It's fine."
I looked at Cheri awkwardly. "I just kind of wanted to know if they were true..."
"You think they are. I saw you and your friend this morning." Cheri bit her lip, looking pouty and sad without meaning to. "They aren't true. Unless you consider kissing Matt the same thing as all the rumors. No one believes me, so I've stopped trying to correct them."
I tilted my head slightly. Looking at the small, sad girl in front of me, I somehow believed her. It seemed more likely that she was telling the truth than some loud, stupid guy.
"I believe you."
"You do?" She suddenly seemed to perk up.
"Yes, I do."
"Thanks." She gave me a weak smile before walking away.
I really did believe her.