
Cheri POV: PresentI woke early the next morning with Zach's steady breath next to me as we spooned together in his bed and I was in underwear and a over sized shirt of Zach's. His strong arm around my side and his face buried deep in my hair. It became a routine. We just decided to go to bed early and let the guys down stairs hang out. Two years ago, five months into dating, I moved into Zach's house after my brother died. Jay, my little brother, was all that I had for a while. The only reason I kept going was him. I was a wreck and started having the same horrible dream replayed over and over again. The dream was a clear vision of Jay standing in the road, standing oblivious as a car came roaring down the road then hit him. The dream wouldn't let my body move and all I could do was stand helpless, trying to scream at him to move out of the way. Jay's body went flying into the air and that's where I would usually wake up, with tears streaming down my cheeks and loud sobbing. I don't know what made me do it, but one night after the nightmare I crept into Zach's room and cuddled with him, trying to calm myself down and fall asleep.
Now we always slept in the same bed, except I wouldn't wake up with tear stained clothes and Zach's comforting hushes.
Expertly removing Zach's arm from me, I quietly escaped down stairs, pulling down the shirt I was wearing. What I saw was the usual for Sunday mornings at Zach's. Sam passed out on the couch with Colin laying next to him, his head in Sam's lap. Alec face down on the ground, holding a empty bottle of beer that he always got with his fake ID. Graham was already gone as usual and Bryon was probably sleeping on one of the beds in the guest room.
The mess was also the usual. Empty beer cans strew every where, chip crumbs on the couch but that was about it.
I walked over Alec, carful to not step on him, and went to Colin and Sam.
"Colin," I whispered so Sam wouldn't wake and ruffled his hair. No response. "Colin." I whispered again, ruffling his hair even more until he stirred.
"Good mornin sleeping beauty."
"Is it morning already?"
"Yep. You know what that means."
Colin sighed and stood up, making sure that Sam stayed asleep. Even in his sleep, Sam was endearing.
Every Sunday morning Colin and I would clean up around the house before Zach woke up. He always insisted we didn't but whatever. I'd like to do it myself but the house was too big to clean just by myself and like I said before, Colin is like the best big brother I never had, always willing to help me. It was the least I could do. I basically barged into Zach's life and screwed it up a little. I ate his food, slept in his house, and sometimes he bought me clothes. I try to give money whenever I can but working as a Starbucks barista doesn't earn you a lot of money.
So I repaid him back by cleaning. Once we all cleaned up, Colin and I went back into the living room. Colin sat back down next to Sam and I sat on top of Alec's back.
"What the hell?" Alec asked in a groggy voice and tried to twist around to look at me but I stayed firmly in my spot.
"Good morning. Cartoons are on." I pointed at the tv screen that had an old cartoon playing that I had had seen a million times.
He groaned but laid his head back down on the ground.