
Cheri POV: Present
Once I knew that Zach couldn't see me anymore I went from a jog and into a sprint. I don't know why I was sprinting back to the hostel. Maybe to get what Zach said off my mind. But it didn't work.
He told me everything that I had known...but for some reason it hurt when Zach had said it. And the last part sort of crushed me inside. He didn't want me to ever come back. He didn't want me to live with him or talk to him again. When he said that, I could almost hear my heart breaking.
But I couldn't tell him.
Zach would just argue with me and say that those guys are nothing and next time we can just call the police but he wouldn't understand why we shouldn't.
Trying to untangle my thoughts, I slowed down the sprint to a walk and went into the hostel. Going into my room I felt like a zombie with no purpose. I wanted to disappear.
I sat on my bed and finally let myself start crying. It wasn't loud crying, I'd learned how to cry silently. I seemed to do it a lot. My eyes were blurred by tears and when I saw a figure standing by the door I quickly wiped them away.
It was another boy, probably here to threaten me or whatever. He had bright blue eyes and sandy blonde hair. He was kinda hot actually. But when I looked at his hand and saw the gun, the hotness disappeared.
"What do you want?" I sniffled, standing up with shaky legs.
"Why, I've come to get you of course." He smirked. "Didn't my friend tell you I was coming?"
I opened my mouth to say something but nothing came out. The boy started to walk towards me and when he was in front of me, he towered over me.
I didn't want them to take me. I wanted to stay.
But part of me asked what I would be staying for. I don't have good grades and wouldn't have enough money to get into collage. My brother was dead. I had no where to go. Zach didn't want me around. All my real friends aren't even my friends, they're Zach's friends.
"Yes he did," I managed to say in a small voice. "And I'm ready to leave." Besides, if I agreed to leave easily then I most likely wouldn't get as hurt.
"Smart girl. Where's your phone?" I took it out of my back pocket and handed it to him. He tossed it on the bed. "Wouldn't want it to be tracked."
Zach POV: Present
I walked up the stairs carrying a giggling Sam. I'd taken him to my house from Victoria's house because Sam had gotten so drunk.
I couldn't find Colin any where at the party so I just texted him and threw Sam into the car.
The party would actually have been fun. Almost everyone from school was there too. Except for Cheri.
I unlocked the door with one hand, still trying to carry Sam with the other. The second I walked in I went over to the couches and set him down there.
"Hi Zach." He giggled then hiccuped.
"You've already said hi a hindered times." I rolled my eyes and left him laying there, assuming that he wouldn't do anything too stupid.
I walked into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator door. I was almost out of milk, I would have to ask Cheri to buy some next time she went to the store.
Cheri... I thought. I remembered that she might not come back and that she might not be here to go the grocery store.
Yes, I was still very mad at her. But I still loved her. And even if she did want to break up with me, she still needs a place to live.