
*unedited chapter today so please ignore all the errors!*Cheri POV: Present
I sat on the bed in my new room at the hostel. Closing my eyes i leaned back on the wall. You know what I needed? A drink.
It smelt damp and cold. Anything but clean. I'd been to better ones. I thought that I had been done with these.
A sudden creak of the bed made my eyes fly open. Sitting next to me was a boy who looked about four years older than me. He had black skin and dark warm eyes that looked like they were full of humor.
"Looks like we helped you and Zach. Without us you would have never known how he really felt about you."
"Fuck you," I stood up, stepping back slowly. "I'll call the police on you all. You and all the people messing with me will be arrested."
The boy also stood up with a smile then filled the room with such a nice laugh for the bad situation.
"What would you tell them?" He asked walking towards me. "That some kids are threatening you? You don't know our names or where we come from. You have no evidence and we make sure that we never leave a trail." He was still walking towards me as I walked back.
"I can show them the text you sent."
"We can hack the phone and delete the text." Now I was back against the wall and we were face to face with each other. He hooked his fingers around my jeans belt loops and pulled me closer up against him. He was just as strong as the pervious boy because no matter how much I squirmed to get away he kept me in place.
"Don't fret, soon you'll leave."
"What?" I pushed my hands against his chest, still attempting to get away but making no progress.
"I don't know what you'll do, in your little time left. It's not like your boyfriend wants you around." He smirked, finally releasing me.
"He wants me around." Shit, why was I even lying to myself? Of course he didn't want me around!
"Then why did he let you leave so easily?"
***
It's so freaking annoying when people think you're gay just because like you support gay rights like no, please stop talking.
Anyways, I'm really sorry about the next few chapters. I wrote these a while ago and I'm reading them again and I never realized how crappy they were. I'm too lazy to re-write them. So ya. Sorry.