
Cheri POV: December 24, 2012
It was Christmas Eve and Zach wanted for us to go down to the river before his parents got home for Christmas.
As you could imagine, it was pretty dang cold. But Zach just told me to wear a jacket and I didn't mind. I picked the best one I had, which wasn't saying much, but it still kept me warm.
So we went down the the river. The river was flowing rapidly, it being winter and all. Which also meant the river was higher than usual. There was a small, muddy bank and a huge rock in the middle of the river.
"You think we can get to the rock?" Zach asked.
I turned to him with wide eyes. "Are you crazy?! It's freezing!"
He looked back at me with a smirk. "I could carry you across."
"I'm not letting you carry me across a freezing river." I rolled my eyes.
"I'm wearing a swimsuit under my clothes." He was already striping off his clothes.
"In December? Why?"
Zach shrugged. "I told you we were going to the river. I don't know about you but when I go to rivers I swim. I don't want to have my clothes get all wet. Then I could catch a cold."
"It's December!" I stated the obvious as he finally finished getting undressed down to his swim shorts. I started at his chest for a second before looking away and blushing.
Zach walked over to me, humming a song I didn't know, and started unzipping my jacket. I raised an eyebrow but didn't make a move to stop him. I also thought about how I should go back to the hostel soon, I didn't like leaving my brother there by himself. But I couldn't tell Zach that that was the reason I would be leaving. I couldn't tell Zach. He would realize what a poor, helpless, loser I was and break up with me.
"What are you doing?" I asked as he started taking it off me.
"I wouldn't want you to get your jacket wet, silly."
"What?"
Before I even knew what was happening, Zach scooped me up in his arms. I squealed and clung onto him, receiving a chuckle from him.
"Don't worry, I won't drop you."
"You're insane Zach."
"So I've been told." I felt him sink down slightly as we started getting farther into the water.
"Don't get water on my butt." I said as I got closer to the water myself every time he sunk down.
He shook his head, laughing. "I wouldn't dream of it."
We eventually got to the rock. Zach lifted me up so that I could crawl onto the rock without being stupid and falling.
Once I was up Zach climbed up, splattering water every where. He started shaking the water every where like a dog.
"Zach!" I giggled and shielded my face.
When he finished and I lowered my arms he was smiling at me widely. The same smile that had always made me melt. Zach didn't know it, but I had melted from that smile for several years. Long before he even knew my name. I wouldn't go as far to say I've always had a crush on him, I never actually knew him. But Zach's smile had always made me melt. We'd gone to school together since 6th grade. But now we were in high school. Dating.
"Don't ever do that again." I joked.
"But having you hold onto me all scared like was fun." Zach laughed and moved so that he was sitting right next to me. Our shoulders touched and I let my head rest in his shoulder. We'd been dating since December 1st, yet I hadn't kissed him once. Ever since the whole Matt thing I didn't want to risk it. Zach didn't seem like the person to kiss me then tell everyone at school a different story.