
But then again, Matt didn't seem like he would be that person. But it turned out he was.
I knew Zach wanted to kiss me, I guess after dating someone for like, twenty-three days, a kiss should have happened. He had tried to kiss me once, but I pushed him away. That was pretty embarrassing for him, so he hadn't tried since.
Zach wrapped a arm around me with a huge grin.
"You're not too bad, Cher."
"Cher? Most people just call me Cheri."
He shook his head. "Well, I call you Cher from now on."
I smiled but hid it in his shoulder. Today was somehow different from all the others I spent with Zach. It felt like I knew everything about him and I just wanted to be by his side.
Damn it Zach, stop being cute. I'm trying not to kiss you!
"Well, I can try but it might be hard." Zach burst out laughing.
I furrowed my eyebrows. "What are you taking about?"
"I'm saying that I'll try to stop being cute. And it's funny because I'm trying to kiss you."
Heat crawled up my neck and to my cheeks. I must have said that out loud. "You weren't supposed to hear that..."
Zach smiled a crooked smile then turned my head up so that I was looking in my eyes. He put one hand on my cheek and bit his lip.
"I know you're trying not to kiss me but..."
I looked at him for a moment, enjoying the feeling of his hand on my cheek, however cheesy that sounds. I didn't know if I could trust him but I so desperately wanted to close the space between our lips.
And I did.
Next thing I knew I had my hand on his bare chest and was kissing him slowly. I could feel Zach smile into the kiss as he pulled me closer to him.
Best Christmas Eve ever.
Zach POV: Present
I tapped my foot impatiently. Taking my phone out of my pocket I clicked on the screen which made a small glow in the dark night. It read 9:57. Cheri had three more minutes.
I still didn't get why she would want to break up with me. I loved her and I always thought she loved me back. But I was starting to question that.
Had she found someone else? Was that why she wasn't telling me? For some reason I doubted that.
Five minutes later (two minutes late) Cheri came climbing down to where I was.
I stared at her for a second. She was dirty and wearing the same clothes I had last seen her in.
"Cher," I breathed before embracing her. I almost forgot what it was like to hug her. She hugged back,not saying anything. Then I let go of slightly then kissed her. And for a second she kissed back. But then she pulled away and out of my arms.
"Cher?" I tilted my head at her, confused.
"I told you, we need to break up."
Something flared up inside me and I shook my head. "Why?"
"I can't tell you." Cheri was being unusually calm.