
Sam POV: February 23, 2013
I sat with annoyance, flipping through channels trying to find something I would actually like. Apparently no one thought it would be a good idea to have good tv shows airing on a Saturday.
Laying next to me in the bed, Cheri had legs propped up on the head board and her head by my knees. We were in Zach's room (because he had the best tv in the house, duh) and looking for a show to watch. Zach went out with Alec and said he'd bring some dinner home when he got back.
I had no idea why Cheri was here. She was always at Zach's house. But I don't think he cares. Actually I think he prefers her being around. He probably gets lonely, having no one else in this big house.
Well, I had a reason to be here. Kinda. I knew I was gay. I suppose I knew a long time ago but I just kind of was in denial. I was perfectly fine with being gay. It's who I was and my friends wouldn't care. It's my parents who would. I swear, they're the most homophobic people ever. It was like the world was screwing with them by giving them a gay child. Ever since I really knew, I'd been avoiding them and staying at Zach's. Mostly with Cheri. I didn't want to talk to Colin, I liked him so much but if I told him it would just scare him away.
"Sam," Cheri nudged my knee with her head. "I'm bored."
Rolling my eyes I held back a smile. "And why is this my problem?"
"Because you're supposed to entertain me!"
"You sound like a child." I chuckled, shaking my head.
She groaned before getting a evil grin. "Hold on." Cheri leaped off the bed, hurrying down the stairs.
I waited until she came back up and when she did she held up a can of whipped cream for me to see. "I am not afraid to use this. If you don't entertain me I will use this on you."
"I'm sure you and Zach use that to entertain yourselves all the time." I said suggestively.
"What?" Cheri's face was clouded with confusion until it slowly dawned to her. "Just for that comment you're getting sprayed." Before I could speak a line of whipped cream shot out of the can and right at me. I squeaked and tried to roll off the bed but it was too late.
"You got whipped c-cream in my h-hair!" I tried to sound outraged but a laugh made me choke on my words and stutter them.
Cheri giggled. "That's what you get when you don't entertain me."
"I'll get you back." I announced, rolling off the bed and to her, reaching for the can.
"Noooo Sam!" She tried to stand on her tippy toes so that I couldn't get it. Unfortunately for her, I was about four inches taller.
I got a grip on the can but Cheri's grip seemed to be stronger. So I did the only thing I could think of. I turned the can towards her, pressing down on nozzle-thingy.
"Oh my god!" She let go in an instant, stepping backwards as I kept spraying it on her face. "Ugh!" She scooped some off of her face, flinging it to the ground while I just stood there laughing. "That's it." Cheri growled playfully.
"Huh?" Then my eyes widened as suddenly Cheri was leaping on top of me. I made a move to run but it was too late. She had jumped onto my back, and she may be small but the impact made me hit the ground with a thump.
I stay for a second dazed when I heard Cheri speak from on top of me. "Sam?"
"Call me ice cream cause I'm covered in whipped cream with a Cheri on top." I burst out laughing at my own stupid joke. Cheri was silent for a moment before she too started laughing hysterically. It wasn't even a funny joke but we didn't care.