
Zach POV: Present
Cheri walked in the house, closing the door carefully. I was in the kitchen, setting down our Taco Bell meals in our places at the small table. We had the same things every time. Mexican pizza for me and cheese quesadilla for Cheri because she's a vegetarian.
But when she walked in, I could tell something was wrong. Maybe it was my crazy over protective boyfriend skills kicking in, but she looked defeated. Then I realized something else. There was a big, red mark on her cheek and dirt on her backside.
"Cher..." Setting down the food I walked around the breakfast bar and to the door way where she was standing. I took her shoulders lightly, looking her up and down, at all the littler cuts and dirt. I did this on a regular basis, to always make sure she was okay. But today she wasn't.
"What happened?" I tipped her head up so that we would look at me.
"I fell down coming back home from work." The color in her eyes flickered. She was lying.
I gripped her shoulders only slightly tighter. She was obviously already hurt, I didn't want to make it worse. "Don't lie to me."
"I'm not lying." Cheri pushed my chest back so that my grip on her shoulders were gone. "What's for dinner?" She asked, undoing her ponytail.
"What happened?"
"You don't believe me?"
"Why would I?" The second I said it I felt bad. She was lying, but still. I knew how much that hurt her. No one had believed her a few years ago.
Cheri flinched slightly and her cheeks turned red, almost making it look like there was no mark. Her eyes had turned hard but wavered. "I don't really know. But I already texted Sam and we were gonna hang out tonight so I should probably get going." Cheri looked out at the window. The sun was ever so slightly starting to move downward. "Yeah it's getting late."
Now that was defiantly a lie. But could I blame her? I wish I could take those words back.
Why wouldn't I?! Out of all the things to say I said that?! I should trust her because I loved her and she was my girlfriend. Years ago no one had believed her but when she told me I believed her. She wasn't a slut or a liar. But now I shattered that. I knew she counted on my trust. I had let her down.
"Cheri, no, you don't have to leave. I'm sorry."
"I want to. I'll see you at school tomorrow. Bye Zach." Something in her voice cracked and she turned around, already opening and closing the door, walking out. I went to the window, like the idiot I am. I watched her shoulders slump once she stepped off the porch then I saw the shoulders shake a little like she was crying. She turned to look at the house. I couldn't see her face but I knew what it looked like. Red nose and cheeks, a crinkled forehead, and tired, red eyes with a couple of tears running from them. In that face would be regret and disappointment. Maybe there was anger too.***Yes, yes I know. Very dramatic and kinda cliché but whatever.Anyways I've decided that when each chapter gets 125 views that I'll update the next chapter.Thanks!.