
Zach POV: Present
"Can you two not kiss in front of me?" Alec scrunched up his nose with disgust.
Sam stopped kissing Colin for a moment and turned to face Alec. "Are you like, homophobic or some shit? Because we've been over this before."
"No it's just nasty to see two of my best friends making-out. You can be bi or gay or whatever but why each other?"
It was a lazy Saturday, like any other being spent at my house. My house is where all of us hang out together. Mostly because it's big and my parents are never home.
And by never, I mean they stop by once a month.
Maybe I should tell you something about my parents. They're stone-faced, business people that never show emotion. My dad is a CEO of a huge corporation that makes billions. Because they're business people they are always traveling and I kind of own a lot of money.
The traveling keeps them away for weeks.
I mostly keep the door unlocked here unless it's night or I'm at school. My friends crash here all the time, especially when their parents give them a hard time.
But as of around two years ago one more person other than me started living here. After three months of dating Cheri I found out that her and her brother lived in hostels and on the streets. Then two months after finding that out her poor brother was horribly killed in a accident. Cheri was a wreck and had no where to go so I took her in without my parents ever knowing. No matter how much protest she put up, I bought her clothes and anything that would make her happy. Only then did I realize that I had fallen I had fallen in love.
"Because they're so cute together." Cheri grinned. She was snuggled against me on the couch with her head on my chest. Cheri always put her head on my chest because she once told me she liked to listen to my heart beat.
"It's not cute!"
"You're right, it's sexy." Colin replied and turned Sam's face to meet his. He held his hands on Sam's hips and kissed him lightly.
Alec just faked gagged.
Cheri looked up at me and I looked back down. Her crystal blue eyes shone with happiness. It was something that I loved to see. Her happiness. I always felt different around Cheri, like I had to be better. Nicer, kinder, smarter. I didn't want to upset her. When I was with my friends I was completely different. It was like I was 30 different people.
"Come on." She gave me a quick peck on the cheek then bounced up and grabbed my hand. She pulled me upstairs, which I didn't really mind, and into my bed room. "Sorry, I just wanted you alone." Her laugh rang out. "Don't worry, I wanted you alone too." I grinned and scooped her up into my arms before sitting on the bed with her in my lap.
Cheri POV: Present
The kiss lasted a second longer before I pulled away from Zach. His warm brown eyes stared at me and I climbed off his lap and the bed.
Zach actually looked a lot like Cameron Dallas in my opinion. Except Zach had better hair and was ten times nicer.
Anyways, I walked over to his desk and sat in front of the computer, opening a Microsoft word document.
"We should write a book."
"Why?" Zach asked walking over then looking over my shoulder.
"Because...that's how you feel time. You write and stay in it. You have to show people how you feel and change their minds, ya know?"
Zach just blinked at me then sat next to, weaving one arm around my waist and looking at the computer screen. "No, not really."