
Cheri POV: Present
Blocked I.DMaybe if you break up with him we'll go easier on you both.Get rid of him tonight.We're coming soon.
Text like that had been blowing up my phone all day. It was annoying and stupid. If I had to guess, Alec was probably behind it.
Ignoring them, I started walking back to Zach's house.
The wind rustled around and it seemed like all the squirrels were chasing after leafs. Humming Drops Of Jupiter by Train, I looked up at the blue, blue sky. I loved this kind of day.
That's when it was ruined.
A figure came out from behind a car and little too late did I realize that it was coming after me. It grabbed me from my side, covering my mouth with a hand covered in a huge glove.
It was pointless to scream so I kicked at them and tried to pull it off. Unfortunately they were ten times stronger than me.
They pulled my into an alley way behind a small coffee shop. Once we got there, they threw me to the ground and I actually thought I would have a chance to escape until they pulled out a gun.
I scrambled back on my side pressing myself up against the wall in too much shock to speak. What did this person want?
"You've been ignoring our texts," Said a voice with a accent that belonged to my attacker. Canadian maybe? They pulled the hood off their head and what I saw was a boy around my age. He had shaggy brown hair, cold grey eyes, and bushy eyebrows.
"O-our?" I spit out with effort as I was still in shock.
"He wants you to break up with Zach, ya know? Then maybe it'd be better for both of ya." He flashed a toothy, lopsided grin. "We're watching you both all the time, so don't think we won't know if you don't break up with him." The boy bent over and picked my off the ground.
"He?" A squeaky voice asked. I didn't know who it belonged to then I realized it was my own voice.
"You've been warned. Just do what we say, okay?" He said wayyy too nonchalantly for the what was happening.
Then the world went black.
***
Black spots blurred my vision as sunlight blared down on my eyes.
What the fuck? Was all I could think, then I realized I was laying on a ground covered in dirt. My head was pounding and I stood up slowly so that I wouldn't get more dizzy than I already was.
I remembered the boy in the alley way.
Had he knocked me out? I don't remember him hitting me, but what else could have happened. Gazing around I realized where I was, only a street down from Zach's.***Ello whiskers.Sorry I know this chapter is really short and kinda sucked. Weak writing really.Anyways, if you have chance to check out my other stories that would be great :)So what do you guys think about the story so far?