
"Army? She had four others."
"No, she had over a dozen others."
His words struck me in the chest. I remembered it. I remembered three vampires restraining me, their frosty breath against my neck, and I remembered one of them gripping Jason, restraining him even as the venom ruined his system and readied him for the final ingredient for his change, readied him for me—
"He should have resisted," I said. "He should have. I told him to. I told him I'd survive if he just held on and waited for help—"
"Kali."
I lifted my chin.
He stood no less than a yard away from me, but made no move to come any closer. "It didn't work quite that way, even with the many opposing forces she had to contend with, your fathers being one of them."
My jaw trembled. My fingers shook. I felt like I was losing myself, and I didn't know why. "Who else?"
"The other force was Cain."
"But she belongs to him."
"She belongs to no one." His face softened, and I hated it. I hated his pity. I hated the way his dark eyes, tight at the corners and heavy with something I couldn't place, flickered over me and all my wounds, including my hands. "You should know that by now."
My teeth clattered, even as I clenched my jaw. "What happened to Jason?"
"He's gone, Kali. We charged onto the scene and chaos broke out. She came close to making away with you as well—it became a very real probability. Either way, without question, Jason is gone."
Hands scrubbed at my face. My hands. My fingers were numb. My cheeks were numb. Everything was numb. "Did he...?"
His words fell to a gentle murmur. His hands rolled into fists at his sides. "Yes. He did. His change is an inevitable fate now."
Damn it. Damn it all. This was my fault. I had sucked him into this world, I had sealed all of this fate by dragging him into it. I should have let him continue to ignore me. I should have let him keep me at a distance, and then he wouldn't have been in the truck with us, and we wouldn't have carried him away from his real sanctuary. It was my fault. It was all my fault—
"Kali, stop." Yuuhi's heatless hands landed on my shoulders and squeezed. I wanted to shrug him off. I wanted to punch him. I wanted to crawl back to my home, my prison, my cage, where I belonged, where my leash and collar waited, and never leave it again. "Kali, listen to me. This wasn't your fault. It would have happened one way or another. Someone knows what they're doing far better than any of us do."
I shook my head. I wasn't sure why I did, but I couldn't stop. "Where're my dads?"
"They're fine. They're elsewhere. You can't be with them right now because too many eyes are watching them, looking for you."
"Why me? Why—"
He leaned closer, his dark eyes burning into me. "You know exactly why."
No, it wasn't true. It was a lie. It was all wrong. It was a trick to make everyone else think it was me, to protect the real reincarnation. It had to be. There was no possible way that I could have been him.
There was no way.