
Aemilius gave it due thought. "No. I suppose it wouldn't. Is that your move, then?"
The weariness returned to Mazin's face, aging him into the haggard man I had seen only a few nights ago. When his head lifted, it was to look to me, and the load he carried transferred to my shoulders. "Kali."
All eyes shifted to me. My chest refused to take in air. Yuuhi's eyes returned to me, and there was a tickle in the back of my brain that swarmed my thoughts before I could stop it.
Keep strong.
My face twisted with confusion. He slipped into the role expected of him and shoved me toward Mazin. I staggered, conscious of every pair of eyes that grilled me, conscious of every heavy step that brought me deeper into the street that was No Man's Land, closer to Mazin. He extended an arm toward me, but I had to spare a glance to the others. Toivo, against the opposite fence, whose face had turned so pale, had his own finger jabbed into the wound of his shoulder to slow the bleeding.
Fingers touched my chin, filled with the familiar warmth and scent, and turned my face to Mazin's. He leaned down, closer to my level, the dark storm in his eyes promising thunder. "Kali. I need you to be brave. This is a burden you shouldn't have to carry, and I'm sorry we couldn't protect you from it."
I believed those words. There was so much sincerity in his voice, in the strain of his features, like it hurt him to say this to me. "It's okay," I said. "It shouldn't have to be anyone's burden."
The tightness in his eyes only spread into his face. The crevice between his eyebrows deepened. He was a broken man. Someone had done this to him. Despite everything that was happening, I wanted to know who, and what, and why he looked at me with such clear anguish.
He steeled himself, jaw clenching and eyes narrowing. "Run. Your fathers await you at the edge of your property."
I nodded, and when he pulled away, I turned and beckoned Jason over. If he felt the fresh wave of attention pressing against his smaller frame, he handled it a hundred times better than I did.
Aemilius watched Jason every step of the way, the wind tossing the length of his inky hair as he held completely still. Jason joined my side. I grabbed his hand, braced myself, and took off at a run. Aemilius' voice echoed in my ears. "Cassius will have planned for this, Mazin."
"I'm aware. Whatever will happen will happen."

#

Carmi watched as Kali and Jason rounded the corner and vanished from sight, and then Aemilius said in a very conversational manner, "I will have to pursue her."
Mazin nodded. "And I will have to stop you."
The two sides collided and rocked the shadows. Fucking Leon ducked out of the way and left Carmi to his own devices. Carmi's first instinct was to chase after Kali and Jason and support them, and his second instinct was to get to Toivo and help him scrape his sorry ass to his feet, but Carmi knew Lio would never forgive him if he didn't get to the blonde and help her first—the girl who had to be Rosette.
Fucking Leon had torn Carmi's short swords from his hands when the vampires had arrived. Carmi made the quick decision to leave the weapons abandoned as he dodged into the clash of bodies and riptides of shadow. He was the fastest of his three siblings, light and agile on his feet. He could have learned the shadow dance if he'd wanted. He could have learned all the vampire tricks.