
The professor turned his back to us so he could doodle another awful diagram on the whiteboard. I seized the opportunity to lean toward Yuuhi and whisper, "What's wrong?"
He dismissed me with a shake of his head and swiftly returned the phone to his back pocket. He wouldn't look at me.
Something was wrong.
I watched him for the remainder of his class, but the familiarity and geniality had turned cold. Miles and miles of distance separated us. I sensed it was very deliberate.
On the way to our next class, if 'art' could really be called a class, I snagged a handful of his shirt and pressed him against the wall in a quiet alcove. "What's going on?"
He rolled his eyes and made sure to be dramatic about it. "Must I read to you my text messages as well, Kali? I at least prefer a date or two before we reach that level—"
"Oh, shut up." I released him, and as he smoothed the new crinkles from his shirt, I said, "Do you remember the other night when I asked you if I could trust you?"
"Yes, and I told you that you couldn't. The answer hasn't changed."
"Well, the question has. Do you think you can trust me?"
The other teens laughed and chattered in the hall beside us, glancing us but never prying. They filtered into classrooms, becoming fewer and fewer. The bell was about to ring, my nerves tensing up in anticipation, but if Yuuhi had any such similar sense, he ignored it in exchange for analyzing me.
No, it didn't feel like analyzing. It felt as if he collected up my features with his eyes, one by one, storing them all away for safe keeping. Sometimes he did this. Sometimes he looked at me and I felt as if he was looking at someone else.
It must have been that woman, the one he claimed he didn't love. But if he saw her everywhere, especially in me, how could he not love her?
His hand rested on my shoulder, his fingers squeezed, and then he pushed me away from him. The bell exploded and I tried as best as I could to control my flinch. He waited until the searing of my eardrums ceased before he said, "I know what you're trying to do, Kali, and I've already told you—" he moved in close, his face a hairline from mine so that his hollow breath struck my cheeks with each word, "you can't trust me."
My conversation with him from that night flickered across my mind, taking no more than half a second for me to relive it all, but it was long enough for him to pull away and round the corner for class. I remained there, but I didn't know what I was waiting for.
He scared me.
I wasn't sure what about him exactly that scared me, because it wasn't the type of fear it should have been.
"Why can't you be afraid of us like you should be?"
"Why can't you make me be afraid of you?"
The memory of him checking the screen of his phone, the quiet illness that overtook him, his attempt to push me away, it scared me.
During class, I could barely focus on the shading techniques the professor attempted to teach us. Toivo sensed my discomfort and he noticed the inadvertent sips of Yuuhi I stole with my eyes. He pushed a snack bag into my lap, but I couldn't pretend to have an appetite for anything.
My teammates were glad to have me during gym. We started off our first game terribly, but whenever a chance opened up, I identified one of my teammate's weaknesses and offered her a tip to correct it. Mostly the problem rested with dribbling and passing, messy attempts with awkward posture and weak throws. By the end, we beat our opponents by a single point. I wanted to celebrate in their victory, but when we returned to the locker room, I noticed a few girls had already taken off—including Yuuhi's girlfriends and Rosette.