
“It’s my best answer.” It was more than I should have given him, being that I was forbidden from telling him any of this at all.
“You can’t answer a question with a question.”
“Fine. I don’t want to answer it.”
“Then I get to ask something else.”
“Fine.”
“How dangerous are you really?”
That question took me off guard. I stared at him, blinked, and parted my lips to speak long before I had words to say. “Uh…can I ask for clarification?”
“Nope.”
“Right…”
I paused to study him, scrutinizing him the same way he had scrutinized me, cataloguing every tiny detail. His skin was the typical Pittsburgh pale, with a spattering of easily overlooked freckles across his nose and cheeks. Unlike most of the teenagers at the school, he did very little to mold and shape his hair, which was short and choppy and so black that it looked like ink in the night. I knew he was fairly scrawny as well, but he hid under a bulky hoodie and loose jeans. I was sure I could floss with him.
He studied me in return, and I wondered if he was trying to see what I saw, when I was trying to see what he saw.
An answer climbed up my throat, but gods of the mortal realms, I didn’t know why I decided to say it. “I’m not.” I held his gaze, letting the words sink in. Then I added, “Unless I accidentally sit on you. I must be about twice your weight.”
He frowned—no, he pouted. “That’s not true.”
“It is.”
“It’s not. Just, don’t test that theory, okay?”
My lips spread into a grin. “My turn. So…what exactly inside your house makes you uncomfortable?”
“I don’t want to answer that one.” No hesitation. He had seen it coming.
Unsurprised, I tapped my lips with the twig. After a long moment, I gestured to his tablet. “What were you reading before I got here?”
His eyebrows lifted. “It’s a historical narrative on the types of governments the United States has upturned and manipulated in other territories and countries, with both humans and other species. Right now I’m on the chapter of—” He stopped himself, and at first I thought he would reclaim his brat role and smugly decline to open up. “You must have been alive when a lot of this happened, actually. You—the Cold War with the USSR?”
“The Reds, yep. But, I mean…my account of it isn’t really very enthralling.”
“Why?”
I opened my mouth, but I didn’t get a chance to speak.
Someone else did.
“Because she’s been a sheltered baby girl all her life.”
The familiar sweet cherry syrup of her voice clogged my ears and spilled into my brain and stained all my senses red.
I lost my breath.
The world grinded to a stop.
For a long moment, I didn’t—couldn’t—move.
And then the breeze tossed the brilliant fragrances of apple blossom and cherry blossom to my nose. I jolted back to my own body, and in a blur, was on my feet and facing her. She stood at the edge of the street where I’d been not so long ago, her stilettos a shock of ruby against the asphalt. Even dressed down in simple jeans and a slinky top, she looked like she had marched right off one pages from the magazines she used to show me.