
"It's not that bad."
"Well!" Carmi's hands flew into the air. "It sounds like it should be! You picked on the fact that she's sheltered, didn't you? That she's ignorant and naïve and doesn't know shit about shit."
Toivo threw his hands into the air as well, fingers coiled into claws. "I hadn't intended for it to come off that way! We fight all the time!"
"Okay, but there's fighting, and then there's fighting. And you found a way to tell her she's not good enough because of her socially inept predisposition, didn't you?"
A groan slithered from Toivo's teeth, his hand smearing the features of his face. "It wasn't supposed to come off that way."
"Well, it did, you ass monkey." Carmi folded his arms and sharpened his glare. "She's your freaking little sister, she looks up to you, and whatever you say matters to her. Fuck, if you say she's not good enough, then it's likely she believes it."
Despite Carmi's dumptruck of filthy words, Toivo didn't so much as twitch. He dropped down onto the edge of Carmi's bed, hunched over with defeat. His eyes stared straight ahead into the farthest corner of the universe and Carmi saw the entire scene in question play across his face again.
In a stiff voice, Toivo said, "You're right. I called her out on Jason. He didn't regard her at all today."
Carmi's eyebrow arched. "Why? I thought they had a little something-something going."
"I thought they did too." He shook his head. "I don't know. I didn't get a chance to pry into it."
"Because the girl with the skirt distracted you. She's blond, isn't she?"
Toivo choked on nothing. "I—"
Dealing with Toivo's girl problems wasn't at the top of Carmi's list, so he trudged on. "Anyway, then we've essentially got no idea where she is right now. That's funny, this's starting to sound a lot like Solara."
The color drained from Toivo's face. "It..."
Carmi swung on him with his hands on his hips. "Listen, douche wagon, our top priority right now is finding Kali, okay? Can you sense anything about her right now?"
Toivo tried to sink his fingers deeper into his own sixth sense, his eyes taking on a glazed look as he focused hard on the sparks that the wires in his brain fired off. He shook his head. "No. Even if I was able to calm my shit down and concentrate better, I doubt I'd be able to sense more than the fact that she's...well, upset."
Whenever Toivo spared a curse word, it was always hilarious to Carmi. Nothing more entertaining than big brother's temper.
But now, there was no humor to be had, and—
Knuckles rapped at the door. "Are you two conspiring again?" Lio asked.
'Oh shit' slapped both of them across the face. They didn't get a chance to muster up half an excuse before Lio twisted the handle and pushed open the door. Their faces gave them away. Lio saw right through them with a single glance. "Alright, then, what's all this about? And where's Kali?"
Toivo's jaw bobbed. "Ah—"
"Oh, of course!" Lio tossed up his hands. "Silly dad, that's why the two are surreptitiously chattering with the door closed, because a certain someone most likely lost track of their little sister at school today."
Yikes.
Carmi ducked his head as mortal fear flourished across Toivo's face. But as Lio contemplated his next steps, Carmi couldn't help but to feel that Lio wasn't surprised by this revelation at all. The atmosphere had been heavy this morning, no doubt about that. Rajy was still in a stale mood, and Carmi had attributed it to Kali's defiance the night before. All Carmi knew about what happened was that Rajy had made a call, and then he sent both he and Toivo to the store with an intricate, complicated list of items.