
'Has'.
I had said 'has' instead of 'had'.
A single needle pierced through the ball of numbness and struck me in the chest. She noticed, because she set down her weapons and smoothed her floor-length sleeping gown with her palms. Her long, fluffy pale hair stuck out, as if she had rolled out of bed after a restless night and hopped straight to the kitchen. "I suppose that would be me, a long time ago in a different life. But I'm many things, and you'll eventually find all of that out."
"You can't tell me?"
"Someone else wants to speak to you first."
I followed the line of her sight to the slider door. There was no one, but the pair of invisible eyes grilled me. I needed to go outside. The answer to my question was outside, waiting for me.
I didn't think, because it was easier not to, so I went to the screen door and unlatched the lock. The patio had a table and over a dozen plastic chairs left in disarray, but I continued past. The dew of the grass kissed my feet, clinging to my ankles. Undulating hills of dense forest fenced in the lot of property, and the trees whispered and chattered with the wind.
"Can you see me yet?"
I turned.
I should have been surprised to see the man standing there, not five feet away, but I wasn't. I wasn't surprised at how tall he was, and I wasn't surprised by his distinct features, his strong brow and broad nose and full lips and square jaw. His flesh was the color of the shadows cast by sand dunes at sunset, his eyes polished gold coins, and his long hair the shade of midnight and bound at the hollow between his shoulder blades.
Most of all, I wasn't surprised by his linen skirt, pleated down the center, the waistband decorated in threaded designs of lapis lazuli and stark crimson, a color I was beginning to hate, and finished with plenty of gold embellishments. His dark eyebrows lifted, waiting, metallic eyes turning me inside-out.
My parted lips came together. I stood perhaps a bit straighter, but didn't bother to push my ratty hair from my face. "You're a recreational actor."
His eyes narrowed onto me, his burly arms folded across pectorals that put Toivo to shame. "I'm no actor."
"But you can speak English. Perfect English."
"I can speak English because you can—I would assume, anyway. I'm as acquainted with this reincarnation shit as you are."
"You have a potty mouth."
"Does that bother you? If I say fuck, fuck, fucking fuck?"
Yes, in fact. It did. But only because he slung the words around as easily as discussing baby names. "So, am I stuck with you, then? This is really happening? I'm supposed to be your reincarnation?"
His big shoulders jutted upwards with a careless shrug. "If I told you it was actually happening, would you actually digest it? You're not in the proper state of mind to grasp anything."
"I'm going to hate you, aren't I?"
"If you take pleasure in hating yourself."
"You're not me." I threw my fists to my sides. "And I'm not you."
He snorted, easy and breezy with the long stream of his blue hair tossing into the wind. "You don't know who you are."
Jason's words.
The very same words.