
His gaze finally dropped from me. He stared down at his black-on-black high-top Converse and idly picked at the leather. “No. But no one’s ever heard of a demon and a vampire working in cahoots together to infiltrate a heavily guarded human school where a mountain of security patrol carry rifles loaded with silver bullets at all times.”
“A mountain is kind of exaggerating.”
“I guess I’m a little prone to exaggerating.”
Something about his admission tickled me and I couldn’t swallow a laugh. He didn’t seem to mind it, so I said, “Anyway, you avoided my question. What are you doing out here like this? You’ve got a big house to occupy.”
His lips pressed into a line. “There’s a hundred other important things you should be telling me right now.”
“I answered one of your inquiries, so it’s your turn to answer one of mine.”
I expected him to rear his head in insult, but instead, his eyes flicked up to me. I had given him a game. He liked games. “Okay, but as soon as you ask a question I don’t want to answer, then I’m not answering.”
“Fine. Then if you ask a question I don’t want to answer, I’m not answering.” I paused. “Though, I don’t think that’ll happen. I don’t really have any secrets.”
“Everyone has secrets. You can’t tell me there isn’t one thing you don’t want to tell me about. I’m sure I can find something.”
Suddenly I felt the challenge of the game too. I rolled the pliable twig around my hand, warming the bark. “Let’s see you try, then. My question first.”
He offered a lazy half shrug. “I’m out here because I don’t feel like being in there.”
I furrowed my brow. “Don’t be a brat. If you’re going to answer questions like that, so will I.”
He couldn’t contain the little smirk, his eyes teased with mischief. “Then learn to ask your questions better.”
My jaw fell.
He continued. “Why have you and Yuuhi posed as human teenagers at my school and specifically made friends with me?”
He was good at this.
But I could be good at this too. “Because I was ordered to.”
Aha, I had tweaked him return, and it was a beautiful thing.
I tapped the twig against my cheek. “Why don’t you want to be inside?”
“Because I’m more comfortable out here. Why were you ordered to make friends with me?”
“How’ve you possibly come to the conclusion that we were supposed to make friends with you, anyway?”
“That’s not an answer.”
I puffed my cheeks. The leaf detached from the twig and landed on the ground as thoughts poured through my head. I knew what I wanted to tell him, and I knew what I wasn’t supposed to tell him. I had to take in a deep breath of preparation before I said, “You already know that answer, don’t you?”
He reeled, eyes widening and fingers twitching, but he caught up with himself and shoved his moment of surprise back behind the stony façade. Or, at least, he tried to. “That’s—still not an answer.”