
He blinked, surprised at first, and then he cleared his throat and looked back to the screen, trying to find his lines once more. "Ave has her gunsmith shop. We also, as an aside...find things. And people."
Amon wandered over to Ave's workbench—to admire her tools for all I knew. Shiny things also attracted him. I tried not to watch him. "What kinds of things and people? Lost socks?"
"You'd be surprised."
A frown landed on my face. "Honestly."
"Really? We find people and things that most people aren't supposed to know about. I have a contract currently to locate some lost Japanese holy relics. They keep everything—gifts from their patron goddess—locked up inside Shinto temples and away from the public eye, vowing that the sword and mirror and magatama are hidden away in there." Then he shrugged. "It's a lie. Everything was stolen centuries ago. Mostly it's shit like that. We rarely accept any request to find a person."
I wondered if he could find Jason. I wondered if he, when no one else could, might be able to find Jason, and I might have asked, but I stopped myself.
Perhaps it would be better if Jason wasn't found.
I echoed, "Mostly shit like that..." for the sake of speaking. My fingers fidgeted. Amon pressed his hands against the window from the corner of my eye, and an idea poured clarity into my body, washing away the stagnant silt. "You know...myths and lore and such very well, then, don't you?"
The words edged a smirk across his face. "I do. I know the truth better, though."
I sat forward. "Would you be able to find out what's going on with my sister, then? She's—She's completely losing her mind, she's not herself, something's...inside of her. It's like, I don't know...darkness."
He processed my words. The gears began to churn behind his eyes. When he adjusted his glasses this time, I felt as if I'd switched him into a completely different mode. "Darkness how? Try describing it to me."
"Well..." I set my feet down on the cool floor, thighs pressed together, hands in my lap. "When she was changed into a vampire, her powers were extraordinary. She learned to travel by shadow—long distances and with another non-vampire—by the third day. I...I don't know if this is really relevant, but," I wrung my fingers, "I had this dream, albeit I was very intoxicated with vampire venom, but in this dream, it was parallel to something that had actually happened, except she was more demented, and the darkness around her was...alive. It breathed, and it moved, and it paced like some sort of unsettled animal, and when I woke up, I couldn't tell which was the dream and which was reality, so..."
I couldn't believe it.
I very truly sounded like a crazy person. Replaying my own words in my brain, hearing them on my tongue and what I sounded like, I realized there was probably some sort of therapy I needed to pursue.
Not a sound came from him, which made it worse. He had to have been considering the exact same thing, wondering what sort of counselor would best fit me, how I should cope with everything that had happened, how much was wrong with me.
But instead of breaking out the padded room and straightjacket, he nodded. "Is she your blood sister? Or is she like Toivo and Carmi?"
I didn't remember telling him that Toivo and Carmi weren't related to me. I thought hard about it, but...no, our only interaction had been him popping his face in, spotting the three of us, and then leaving. Had Toivo let it slip? No, that had been his only reaction as well. Carmi?
He tapped his fingers on the table again, perhaps reading the question on my face. "There's. Just. No resemblance between the three of you at all, plus Carmi's not wholly demon, so that could be the only explanation."