
Sweet, simple, sheltered Kali who didn't understand how the real world worked, who was so ignorant and naïve, whose most exciting point in the day was talking to the damn neighborhood dogs during solitary walks around a territory with one of the lowest crime rates in the city.
I was not the reincarnation.
I was not anything.
A sob escaped me, and it was ugly, and my legs finally gave out. I crumpled to the floor, the steaming water inside me finally boiling over.
It was too cruel. To have me meet the Ares reincarnation, to have me become familiar with him, to have me feel like I'd failed him when I couldn't protect him. This wasn't real. It couldn't be.
"You're going to have to stay with me for a while," Yuuhi said. I hadn't noticed that he had taken a seat on the floor beside me, close but not too close. "The rumor's spreading about you, and plenty of hands want to get a hold of you before..." he paused, regarding me with somber eyes, searching for the right gentle words, "before anything happens."
Before the Amon reincarnation came into power.
That was what he meant.
Now that the Ares reincarnation had been made vampire, it was inevitable. The fuse sizzled out of control. But it wouldn't be me. The real Amon was out there somewhere, and this scapegoat served as the perfect distraction.
I scrubbed a tear from my face. "My fathers trusted you with me."
"They did."
"That's why I'm here with you. Because they trust you."
"Yes."
"And yet I'm not supposed to trust you."
Something changed in him, in his demeanor, and I couldn't pinpoint what it was, as if the temperature of the air had dropped half a degree. "I'll protect you, Kali, for what you are, for now. Your fathers know this, and they don't have much of a choice. Every demon close to them, including every lord of the Demon Allegiance, is being watched."
"Where're my brothers?"
He hesitated. "We don't know. Our sources say they made it safely into the house, but..."
"But...they're missing."
His head bobbed. "They're missing."
How had any of this happened? Everything had deteriorated and become such a nightmare. Everything had been broken. I couldn't go back to my fathers, I couldn't go back home, I couldn't go back to my brothers, and I couldn't save Jason.
I was helpless.
My nails left crescents in the skin of my legs. "I have to find them."
His eyes widened, especially when I shifted and crawled onto my feet. He chased after me, hands raised. "No, no, no, Kali, wait. You can't leave this apartment. This territory recently came under the control of an extremely psychotic, corrupt pair of vampires, and if you take a single step out of this place and risk being seen—god damn it, Kali, listen."
He grabbed my arm and wrenched me from the front door, but before he could spout more words at me, I beat him to it and turned on him. "I've got family, Yuuhi. When I last left Toivo, he had a bullet in his body, no thanks to that trap you set on us—"
"It was a trap to get you away from your sister's trap. Had we known it was a trap within a fucking trap, that the initial trespassing onto your property had been staged to lure you and Jason away from all protective powers, we would've been a bit wiser about handling it."