
The words prickled at the back of my neck, confirming my fear. I shook my head. "You...shouldn't have to deal with it on your own."
He hadn't expected me to say that, and it broke each word that had formed in his mouth.
I seized the chance. "I didn't defend you because I thought you were in real mortal danger, obviously, and I didn't defend you because I thought you were incapable of defending yourself. I defended you because it was clear to me that no one ever has, and now it's clear to me that you don't actually know how to do it either."
He rolled his eyes in a dramatic display. "Hell, Kali-"
"Don't turn me off. You do it to everyone-your teachers, your friends, your mother-and I'm not going to let you do it to me."
He came back stronger. "Why do you think you're different than anyone else?"
I braved a step closer to him. "Because I'm standing here and they're not."
"You've only known me for three days."
"And yet I know you better than anyone else in that cafeteria, and maybe even a little better than you know yourself."
He held my gaze with every bit of resistance he could conjure. But he couldn't hold up for long. He crumbled. His eyes lost their grip on mine and lowered to the floor between us. He couldn't hold up his side of the argument when he realized he was losing, and he backed away to lean his weight against the locker.
A humorless laugh gutted him, but his eyes told me a story of anger and frustration and fear and longing and everything that contradicted the sharp cynicism in his voice. "I hate it. I hate how you can just simply look at a person and know and understand them. Who can do that sort of shit? But I've watched you do it, even to someone as...unyielding as Yuuhi."
"You don't like it because I've done it to you." He looked at me, exhausted by more things than I could imagine, and the irony struck me in such a way that I couldn't help my own humorless laugh. "It's funny, because I've thought the same thing about you, how you can just look at me and know what I'm thinking. I hated that I was just this...game for you to figure out. But I guess everyone is."
Silence swept us, but unlike the silence with Toivo or Yuuhi, I didn't feel the compression of the walls closing in or the air thinning. I didn't want to shrink into myself and become as small as possible. This was a good silence. I felt him opening up to me.
I tucked my hands behind me and leaned my shoulder against the locker next to him. "What happened with your mom after I left?"
His eyes tightened. "I don't want to talk about it."
"But you should."
Again he looked at me. Each time he looked at me, a little piece of that barrier Yuuhi mentioned chipped away.
I gave him a look that he would come to recognize well if he insisted on being stubborn with me. "You know you should. Your brain is a dangerous place to keep things bottled up. Those things manifest and grow mushrooms and ooze out your ears, and it's really perturbing."
"I'm pretty perturbed by you talking about my mother that way."
"You're only perturbed because you know I'm painfully accurate."
"Painfully accurate." A weak hint of a smile tucked up his lips, but it fell away too quickly for me to be sure it had been there at all. "You know when you asked me how I just...knew that I was...something else? Well, it's because of my mother. I'm sure she comes off as your typical human supremacist, terrified of the rest of the world, doesn't she?"