
When I reached the top, I realized just how large the building was. From this height, the brisk wind off the shore tossed my stringy hair in every which direction, stinging my face and eyes. The nearby train port lay mostly dormant, lighting up for the morning, workers gathering together in what must have been panic at the sound of the gunfire.
The shadows leapt into a dance that the moonlight illuminated as it peeked between the misty clouds. Early morning soaked into the dark ceiling, drenching the world in every tone of gray. And there she stood, not fifty feet away, the shadows swimming around her like the flutter of a silky gown about her body. When I leapt down from the ledge and marched for her, my jaw clattered, but there was no fear in me anymore.
I suddenly understood what it was that my fathers had felt as they looked upon each other, knowing they were about to die.
I had no intention of dying tonight.
"Are you starting to see it yet?" she called out to me, the gun in her hand gleaming with moisture from the drizzle. "You'll never not be able to come to me, and I'll never be able to keep away from you. This is our curse." Her arm lifted and she aimed the gun at me, just like she had that first night she had returned. "I'll break this curse—"
"Solara, you shut up and you listen to me." My voice echoed into the wind, or the wind echoed as an extension of my voice, and she stilled. "This entire time, you haven't stopped to listen to me, to just hear what I have to say, and now you're going to listen to me."
My voice started with raw anger, but escalated and escalated until I couldn't control it. "Your trying to 'save us' has ripped our family apart, starting from the day you left, and I never understood why you wouldn't simply tell me what was happening to you, because I would have listened. I would have listened. You used to tell me everything. You were never afraid of yourself around me, and I could listen to you for hours."
I paused only to suck in such a deep breath that it hurt, that my lungs promised to tear open at the seams, but when her gun hand began to shake, I couldn't stop. "You were my sister, and I looked up to you, and I wanted to be you. You were the most beautiful woman I knew, and even if my perspective was so narrow, it hasn't changed. I look back, and I still see you for who you were. I still see how much I wanted to be you."
Tears brimmed my eyes and choked me. I didn't know how to mash together words to my final thoughts, but I tried. "And you used to tell me you'd take me away from my cage, and I waited for that. I waited for you to save me—and now I see instead that I have to save myself, and I have to save you. I'm going to be the one to save us."
The weight of her torment showed so clearly in her, in the way her arm sagged and her shoulders fell and her posture lost everything that I once looked up to. She tilted her head, her eyes regarded me sadly, and her lips came together. "Please stop me."
It was a glimpse. The barest peek into the real Solara, covered up by this monster.
And then the gun chamber shattered the wind.
I had never felt anything like it before. Nothing could have prepared me for it. The shock of the bullet entering my body nearly took out my legs. At first it was like pressure, like someone had taken a baseball bat to my stomach. Then, the real pain set in, and my knees buckled, and I teetered, and I collapsed with a dry-heave as the rest of the world turned to dust. My body shook, and when I pulled my hand away from my stomach, the amount of my own blood in my palm told me this was real.