
When the front door flew open, I sensed the wave of controlled hysteria before she stepped inside. Her vibrant hair spilled in a frizzy mess across her shoulders, makeup smeared as if she had scrubbed her face wildly with the heels of her palms. The tension crested in the room. Silent acknowledgment passed between the three of them, skipping me.
'Go to your room,' Rajy had ordered in a frighteningly level voice.
'I-'
'Now, Kali.'
I had pressed my ear to my bedroom door, and I had listened. All I could decipher was that she had learned something she wasn't supposed to, but the walls between me and them muffled their words, and I could only make out pieces of sentences among the crashes and bangs of her fists against anything solid.
When the front door had slammed, signifying the end, I braved sneaking out of my room to take a look at the carnage left behind. Some chairs at the dining table had been upturned. The couch and a recliner and the coffee table were askew, and sunken in the couch was Lio with his face in his hands. Rajy stood beside him, his back to me, a hand to his brother's shoulder as he consoled him in quiet, broken murmurs. The atmosphere of the room reminded me of the days where the humidity was at a hundred percent, the temperature climbing, with no wind in any direction, to the point where every breath felt like poison.
When Rajy sensed me standing there, he turned, and the controlled, disciplined man who rarely showed more than minor irritation stood there on the precipice of tears. Broken.
I left the memory. Soaked to my bones with Cain at my side, I felt awful for sneaking out of the house. A barrel of guilt upturned in my stomach and spilled down to the spongy squeak of my sneakers. Conscious of Cain beside me, I shrank into myself. "Did you see any of that?"
"See any of what?"
"My brain."
"Kali, I understand you've very little experience when it comes to vampires, and Yuuhi's not the best example to use for this, but we're not all the bloodthirsty, mental voyeuristic stereotype that you're taught."
Cain was a much better example compared to Yuuhi, but I wasn't sure how reliable an assumption could be if it sounded like, 'Cain isn't evil, so that means that not all vampires are evil.'
He was right, after all. I'd been raised to fight and despise vampires.
After about twenty minutes of his companionship, we reached the foot of the driveway and he said, "I mustn't go any farther than here." He collected my wrist and pressed the handle of the umbrella into my palm. His touch was cool, heatless, no different than a cadaver. "Going this far at all will likely give at least one of your fathers an embolism. Can you see all right in the dark?"
The driveway was long, but the rain had let up enough that I could make out the foggy glow of the house between the swaying trees. "I'm fine from here, but...where's Yuuhi? Isn't it his job to watch me?"
The softness left his face. "Yuuhi's preoccupied with a prior engagement. I did mention that not all vampires match up with the stereotype you know so well, but there are still plenty of them who do. Be cautious about what you believe." He inclined his head. "Goodnight, Kali."
The tangibility of his body melted away into the darkness like tendrils of ink in water. I held the umbrella steady, standing there as the blackness of night pressed against me. I wasn't willing to move quite yet. There were a hundred questions I'd wanted to ask him, but when I finally had the chance I'd been waiting for, the ability to think fell right out of my brain.