
“Kali?”
I froze.
Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.
I slapped on the best smile that I could, but I had a feeling that it looked more like Carmi had made me swallow a few of his mega sour candies. When I turned, I finally noticed Jason there, cross-legged on the ground with his back against one of the old oaks, a tablet propped in his hands, illuminating his baffled face and a number of moths.
“Jason. H-H-Hi. I was just—admiring your house, that’s all. I was admiring your house. This is a nice house.”
“You were about to walk up the driveway.”
Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.
“No I wasn’t.” I folded my arms, but when his gaze leveled on the change of body posture, I robotically forced my arms back to my sides. “I was…just out for a walk, you know, and—”
“I do know. You go out for walks frequently. I’ve seen you go by before.” His eyebrows lifted. “I’ve also never seen you take interest in my house before you met me today.”
Damn it, why did he have to be so perceptive? Because he was exactly who he was supposed to be, that was why, and he didn’t even know it, and no one knew it like I did, and—
“Do you want to take a seat?”
Stunned by the offer, I stood there lamely. “I…seat?”
“Yes. Beside me—er, near me, anyway. Whichever, I don’t care.”
I laughed, and I wasn’t sure why. It felt painful. “Okay. Sure. I’ll take a seat.” I hiked up the couple feet to plop down on the hard ground, cushioned only by the layers of forest decay. Particulates tickled my nose, fireflies danced away from me, and moths tangled in my hair. “What are you doing out here, anyway? It’s, well…dark.”
“I always sit out here.” He switched his reader off to drop into his lap. The dull light from the house painted one side of his face, and the beams of moonlight highlighted the other. “You’ve just never noticed me before.”
“…Are you lying?”
He nailed me with a look.
He wasn’t lying.
I fidgeted with the nearest thing I could find, which happened to be a twig with a single leaf still attached. “Sorry…I guess.”
Sorry? Why was I sorry?
He shrugged. “It’s pretty sorry for a demon.”
I choked. One hand slapped to the earth to keep myself from folding over, and then I remained like that, hiding my face in shame. “So. Y-You. You guessed.”
“I didn’t exactly expect you to own up to it so easily. And there was no real guessing, Kali. You really didn’t do a good job of concealing yourself.”
“I tried!”
“I know. It was painful to watch.”
My spine creaked as I forced myself to sit upright. He watched me, ever calculative, hazel eyes narrowed and scrutinizing every tiny detail on my face. I tucked my bangs behind my ears, twig still in hand, and asked, “No one else has figured it out, have they?”