
Lio led us down the sidewalk, our steps quick and light. Blood trickled down the side of his head, soaking the collar of his shirt. His ponytail hung loose, pieces of glass gleaming in the black strands of his hair.
I lifted my hand to the back of my own head. My fingers came away with blood.
I didn't really see it.
Movement kept me from thinking.
Walking kept me from going back to the stairwell, kept me from the sound of the gunshot still echoing in my skull.
I sucked in a dry sob as he exchanged his grip on my arm for one of my hand, smearing the blood on my fingertips. I held onto him with all the force of steel.
Wind rushed over us with every car, slathering us in exhaust and emissions like soot from coal, mixing with the pungency of soap from an advertisement above us, and the greasy smell of hamburgers and fries from the advertisement across the street. But I needed the smells. I needed every distraction. The flash and glimmer of the advertisements blinded me from seeing Rajy slumped up against the wall, from seeing his fatal shots, from—
Lio stopped. The abruptness startled me. I hit the brakes too late and bumped into him. "Lio, what...?"
His spine straightened, his eyes staring straight ahead and seeing nothing at all. A woman with handfuls of grocery bags bustled past, her head low and her heels clacking. I couldn't find a single threat anywhere.
He detached from my hand and popped out the magazine from his gun. I watched him pocket the magazine and take out a new one, locking it into the chamber with a click, loading the first bullet with a snap.
And then he turned to me, and he took my hand again into his. "You can trust Cain, Kali. I want you to know that. He'll protect you."
What...
What was he...
His hand pulsed around mine, the worst excuse of a smile touching his face. "When you're ready for answers, when it's safe, you'll know where to look."
My lips parted, but before I could utter a sound, the shadows wavered. He pushed me behind him, and when I regained my broken composure, my eyes landed on Solara, her matching gun lifted and aimed at him.
And his was aimed at her.
I froze.
"What have you done?" Solara's voice was cold, hard. The ice coated me and burned like the acid in my stomach. She wasn't herself, but she was. The face that I saw was hers, but the way the shadows swirled and danced around her like oil was not. "We could have saved him. We could have saved him. He didn't have to die."
The ground turned to air beneath my feet. My arms hung limp at my sides. My body numb.
Rajy wasn't dead.
She wasn't talking about him.
She wasn't...
Lio did not falter. "You must be stopped, Solara. You cannot continue to do this."
She bared her teeth with a savage cry. "You're the one who put the bullet between his eyes!"
"They will not take him, or either of us, or your brothers, or your sister."