
It took us both several attempts before our brains reset and he asked, "Where is that coming from?"
He asked as if I would know.
There were no phones in our house aside from the cellular phones—not that I knew of. But when Yuuhi stepped back, I pushed from the wall and turned my ear to the shrill noise. It beckoned me, and yet it frightened me. It told me to come forth, and yet it shrieked at me to hide.
I stepped into Rajy's office. The final ring ended.
Silence again.
There was no phone to be seen anywhere.
Yuuhi's voice, so close to my ear, kicked me right in the nerves. "I thought you didn't have a land line."
We didn't.
Land lines had caused the Allegiance a great deal of trouble before because they were easily traced and exploitable, so they had relied on messengers until the invention of the cellular phone—
The ringing started again.
I darted for the desk and threw myself into Rajy's chair. One of the drawers. It was coming from one of the drawers. I yanked open the bottommost bin on the right, and—there it was: a phone from possibly the seventies with a spiral cord, the color of old age, the receiver sitting on the cradle and vibrating upon each ring. My gaze jumped to Yuuhi, who stared down at it in awe.
I had never seen this thing before, and I certainly had never, ever heard it.
But here it sat, in its own little space as if it had always been here. I reached down, my quivering fingers so slick with sweat that I nearly couldn't muster a grip on the hard plastic. Yuuhi didn't stop me when I braced myself and lifted the receiver from the cradle. The ringing stopped. I hesitated. It took all the courage I had left to raise the cold plastic to my ear.
I didn't have to speak.
"Ah, my dear Kali, I knew you'd find your way here eventually."
I didn't recognize the smooth, slithering voice—and yet, a strange part of me did. Distantly. So far away, so vaguely.
"Now," he continued as if he had known me all my life, "I want you to take a deep breath. Relax that grip you have on the phone and look up at Yuuhi."
I did, and I did a double-take. Yuuhi's face was the whitest, purest shade of uncontained terror I had ever seen.
I knew it then.
I knew who this was.
"Do you understand now?" he continued. "I'm glad. Now, listen closely to me, Kali. I've gone right ahead and released her. You know who I mean."
Solara.
And I only knew because I lifted my head, and there she stood, right in the doorway of Rajy's office, a complete wreck from head to toe, her face contorted by her own insanity, the shadows convulsing with life.
After a final chuckle, the Vampire Alliance Lord Cassius said, "Make your decisions wisely."
She charged.



(Copyright © 2013 Sarah Godfrey. Please alert the author at keyboardsmashwriters@gmail.com if you are seeing this work posted in full outside of SarahandVictoria on Wattpad.)
[For more information about Dance in Shadow and Whisper, check out MarionettesandMonsters on Tumblr and Blogspot! You can also find all recent books in the series on Amazon, both paperback and Kindle versions.]