
Suddenly aware of the open visibility from the window, I moved closer to the wall and peeked outside at the other houses. There was nothing to be seen, but my skin prickled, tiny hairs raising and sweat burning along my neck and spine.
Carmi and I checked the compact dining room and kitchen. Nothing. We moved up the cramped, steep set of stairs, both of us itchy from the enclosure, and checked the three bedrooms as well.
Nothing.
The scent of vampire clung to the ruddy carpet and every wall, and when we stuck our heads into the bathroom, I smelled Rosette's recent presence.
That was when I realized our single error.
I nudged Carmi and breathed the words, "Rosette was missing from the pile."
He didn't know what Rosette looked like, but as I recalled each of the bodies, I knew she was missing.
A strange low whistle stopped my thoughts. I twisted, searching for the source, scanning every dent in the wall and chip in the old paint. It was like a high-pitched howl, and the sound burned my ears and tightened my hands around the hilt until my fingers tingled.
That sound.
I couldn't stand it. It drove me up a wall. I abandoned stealth to dart down the hallway, into the room that faced the street. Carmi's curses followed after me.
The windowpane was parted a mere slither. The wind outside had picked up, blasting the side of the house, whistling into the room. Such an innocuous noise. Annoying, but common.
And yet something happened inside me. The alarms went off, wailing, slitting every nerve.
Outside.
I had to get outside.
I whirled away and nearly collided with the frazzled Carmi as I went for the door. The world around me transformed to splotches of color as I flew down the stairs fast enough for the air to scream in my ears.
But then I bolted out the door and skidded to a stop at the edge of the steps. Toivo and Jason stood not twenty feet away in the middle of the street, straight ahead of me. Vampires surrounded them. Six total. Four had the black holes of their guns trained to the pair, and one of them had their hand shackled around Rosette's neck, the nozzle of a gun pressed to her temple.
Carmi and I didn't get off free either. Outside the rough semicircle stood the last vampire, whose physical age wasn't much older than Yuuhi's. He faced us, a pair of modified long-barreled colts aimed at us.
Also standing outside the circle was the one vampire I didn't want to see, and he stood aloof, arms folded, looking at me expectantly with his dark green eyes.
The vampire who'd taken aim at us reeled with an annoying laugh, earthy eyes lighting up with pure amusement. "Pigtails? Pigtails?" He swung his head, brave enough to take his eyes off of us to look at Yuuhi. "I mean, come on, man. I've seen some pretty weird shit, but."
Pigtails were not weird shit.
I frowned.
Yuuhi said nothing, and even if he wanted to, he wouldn't have had the chance. Carmi stomped to my side at the top stair and gestured to the assembly. "What the fuck is this? Kal, you didn't tell me Yuuhi was a ponce."
"Didn't I?" As I spoke, I made eye contact with Toivo. He had been disarmed, his sword nowhere to be found, his mouth a grim line. He shrugged his big shoulders, and the movement started all the vampires around him.
They were all afraid of him, and Jason picked up on it as well, calm and reserved and without a single worry in the world. Even Rosette stood there, lower lip jutting into a pout, feet turned in and eyes angry. She didn't look like she had been harmed or touched in any way aside from bruises along her wrists.