
She eased away her foot and placed her knee instead against the cushion, beside his thigh. She hovered over him, tender fingers undoing the buttons of his shirt. "You will only ever have one woman in your life." Strands of her hair slipped from the ribbon and whispered across his face. "This is why I must taste you. This is why I take your blood into me, make your flesh mine, to assure that you will never sway from me or your brothers and sisters. If you ever mislead us, if I or my brother dies, then you and everyone else must die as well, like all families should."
"Bleeding us hardly ensures our loyalty to you."
She leaned back to peer into his face and see the last act of resilience in his hard eyes. Her lips curled into a smile. "I've never asked for loyalty, sweetheart, only that you protect me like a child should always protect a mother—and I'd say it's worked splendidly for the past few centuries of my life." Her lips split into a grin, revealing the long, sharpened canines. "And for the next thousand years of yours."
She wrenched on the collar of his shirt to expose the meat of his shoulder, and then the knives of her fangs sank in.

#

Jason turned so white that he might have passed for a vampire, but as I looked at him, drowning in his own skepticism and inner struggle, he didn't look like any war god to me. I had to think back, during the dodgeball game, when Toivo had pointed at Jason with all the promise of certain failure. Jason responded with a wide grin, and with a face like that, he could have told me commanded armies as his pawns into war, and I would have believed him.
He shook his head, his jaw set as he collected the shattered bits of his thought. "No. Reincarnation? Seriously? No, this is—your courts have way too much time on their hands, because—"
"Jason, do you believe in the paranormal? Ghosts, spirits, born-agains, seers, any of that?"
"I believe that there is clear evidence of their existence." His voice was strained as he fought with himself. "I have never experienced any of those myself."
"You might have crossed paths with a born-again or a seer and you'd never know it. They can be anyone, any species. The difference between born-agains and reincarnations, however, stems from one major theoretical viewpoint: born-agains come back because they left behind business that must be finished, or they're completing a cycle of the soul; reincarnations occur because something isn't right with the balance, and the earth itself is trying to remedy that. Reincarnations are inherently rarer."
"Ah. Of course. Theoretically."
I nailed him with a look. "You know that there's more to you than this, Jason. You gave it away last night. You know somewhere in here," I patted my chest, "next to your little black heart, that you're more than any average seventeen-year-old human boy from this little bubble of a borough that pretends there is no other world out there. You know that you were made for more than poorly-taught history lessons and a big house with no one in it."
That got him.
I had ripped his words from his tongue and turned him to statue. He didn't want to believe me, but something much more dominant inside of him did.
All he could do was fall back onto what was most comfortable, and so he stated the facts. "The story of Amon, the demon lord of both Upper and Lower Egypt, and Ares, the vampire war lord of Greece. Their story is so...clichéd, I mean, come on. They both fall for the same woman, and then she mysteriously dies, and they blame each other, so they kill each other. I think that's balance right there. Two men so stupid as to not communicate. The earth could stand to make it happen more often."