
But the more vampire he became, the less demon he felt.
He ducked behind a demon's heels and skidded to Rosette's side. She had pressed herself against a parked car, watching in awe, but not in fear. What was it with humans these days? Too many action movies? Numbing a sense of mortal danger? Jesus pesus.
"Come on," Carmi said, seizing her hand with both of his. "Let's get Toivo."
She swallowed a lump in her throat and tore her bulging eyes from the outbreak of battle, accepting Carmi's lead as he moved to his stupid big brother.
Toivo had managed to pull himself upright, his back against a weathered, dilapidated fence that served no purpose other than to keep out small children or dogs or flightless pigeons.
Rosette dropped to her knees at Toivo's side and touched her hand to his pale, clammy face. "Are you okay, Toivo? You look just fabulous. Red's a nice color on you."
His mouth pulled into a slight grin as Carmi grabbed his limp wrist and tested his pulse. Toivo's voice barely resonated over the clash on the street. "Silver hair aside, this all must've been...mildly startling for you."
She tilted her head, offering him a weak smile and a wrinkled forehead. "This isn't exactly the time to admit this, but your glamour ring never worked on me."
Both their eyes snapped to her, headlights of astonishment, and she wrung her hands nervously. "Can we talk about this when we're safe, please?"
Right. Swell idea.
A demon hit the pavement with a grunt nearby. Carmi and Toivo flinched, the automatic fight or flight instinct plowing into their systems. Now wasn't the time, or the place, to be fighting anything. The big guys were here. They could handle it.
Carmi hooked Toivo's free arm around his neck and Rosette braced Toivo's other side. Carmi honestly wasn't better than a handicap bar in the bathroom, but it was enough for his dumbshit brother to climb to his feet.
They left the small puddle of blood behind and rushed across the street to the only lit house. The porch steps were a challenge, but as soon as they made it inside, Rosette shut and locked the door and Carmi guided him to the kitchen. The linoleum wouldn't stain like the carpet would, at least.
Toivo collapsed against the cabinets, where one of the doors had detached from a hinge and hung haphazardly. He choked down a grimace. Carmi squatted in front of him and ripped his shirt open right down the center.
Rosette squeaked behind him.
"Get your finger out," Carmi said and grabbed his wrist, wrenching. "Let me see it." Toivo released a mangled noise, one of his feet dragging against the floor. Carmi finished stripping him and tossed the sopping shirt to the floor without a care. Blood seeped from the wound. The hole in his shoulder was small, so benign-looking despite the amount of blood. "Hey, good news, you're gonna live."
Toivo grated out, "Brilliant. Now get the bullet out."
Rosette squeaked again, pulling at her frizzy hair. "Shouldn't we call an ambulance to do this? Isn't this a job for doctors? I know demons don't get infection, but."
"We don't have health insurance," Carmi said, as if that were the actual problem. "No, I don't know how to get out a bullet without making things worse."
Toivo's head rolled back against the cupboard with a clear thunk. "I can't...I don't want to heal around it."