
Before he could fire and land a bullet properly in her skull, the shadows revolted. The scream of nothing shattered my ears as the blackness flared up and twisted into the eye of a tornado. Shivers passed through me, of the heatless essence mingling with the light that emanated from me, with the dance of light and dark that made the shadows blacker and the light blinding.
And then the shadows decayed, evaporated, shriveled back to place, and she was gone.
She was gone.
I couldn't wrap my brain around it, not even when Yuuhi appeared in front of me, fingers a vice around my arms, blood soaking his shirt. "We're going to have to do everything we can to obscure our trail. Hold on tight."
I didn't want to obscure the trail. I wanted to get him help. A bullet in the chest wasn't enough to kill him, but he would still bleed, and he didn't replenish lost blood. He would grow weaker, more vulnerable, and I didn't want him to risk himself for me anymore.
He slung us into shadow and we plunged toward the city. Even as part of the inky blackness, the sensation of my skin burning remained.
No, it wasn't the intangibility of my flesh that burned.
It was me.
It was everything that compromised me, and it made Yuuhi's hold on me slippery, as if he were trying to maintain a grip on wet sand. It only took so long before he veered off the squiggly path he'd taken and jerked us into a vacant alley between two warehouse buildings stationed along the tracks beside the Monongahela. We still had some miles before we reached the city.
His head swung around, checking the coast, and the aroma of his blood painted my senses again, mingling with the pungency of the wet concrete. "Kali, seriously, you need to turn the night-light off."
I peeked down at the veins in my arms, still glowing and radiating heat. The mist had abated, but my flesh was still wet and very much smoldering. "I—I don't know how, alright? I'm just—Yuuhi, we have to get you some help—"
A single bullet shattered the silence. Yuuhi staggered with another hit to the chest. I wheeled around to protect him with my own body. I couldn't think of any stupider ideas, but this time I was lucky. The shadows swelled where Solara stood at the edge of the building, and when my neck craned and I spotted her above, she danced out of sight.
She wanted me to follow.
I switched back to Yuuhi, who had crumpled to a kneel, biting down against the pain. I crouched in front of him and wrapped my hands around his tense face and lifted it to mine. I wasn't sure why I touched him, but it felt like the thing to do, and I didn't know how to stop myself. "Go get help. I'm going to stop her."
His face went white with mortification. As I pulled away, he endured the excruciation and the labor of shoving himself to his feet after me. He reached for my shoulder. "Kali, I have to protect you, I can't let you—"
My next movement was too fast for him to register. I twisted, grabbed his arm and shoulder, locked my ankle behind his, and with the right push, left him flat on the ground with a strained cry from his gritted teeth.
My voice was the steadiest it had been since the day I had placed my quivering fingers on the brass handle and opened the door to Yuuhi for the first time. "I won't lose anyone else because of her, and she won't stop until someone stops her."
I didn't give him a chance to change my mind. I took off at a sprint.
My blood boiled and seethed sunlight, fingers casting prisms against the stark gray of the cement walls. I rounded the corner of the building, boots skidding against a layer of wet grime, and reached the paint-chipped, rusted emergency stairwell. I swerved onto the first set of stairs and climbed. The metal whined and grinded and the entire stairwell quaked with every step.