
He half shrugged. “Fair enough. Where did you get this?”

“My Sixteen magazine.”

“Seventeen, you mean—the age you’re supposed to portray and doing a very poor job of it so far.”

I ignored that. “I was told that the stuff in there is what teens are interested in today. Was I told wrong?”

He pressed his index and middle finger to his forehead as if to subdue an oncoming migraine. “Kali, I don’t know how to tell you this, but…this is avante garde.”

I tripped again. “I thought the makeup and clothing was a bit excessive, but you don’t need to call her names.”

Again, I expected him to take me seriously. Again, he defied my expectations and a few laughs escaped his tight lips. “Today is going to be a day of learning for you, Tails.”

“Tails? Did you just call me—?”

We walked on through the quiet neighborhood as he continued to tease me. A few dogs snarled at us from behind a fence with a sign that read ‘Beware of Dog’, but I addressed the familiar animals by their names and ordered them to shut their faces. They obeyed. It must have been Yuuhi that bothered them, and I shouldn’t have been all that surprised. Animals had mixed feelings about the dead.

We rounded the corner and the triple-floor high school building came into view between the trees. My steps slowed. I wasn’t often out in public places during daylight hours, and to see the wasp nest buzzing and pulsing with life took a rock and lodged it in my esophagus. Cars clogged the intersection outside the school, packed with fat SUVs and wide trucks slathered in mud from the recent late summer rain. The school itself was overflowing with young humans, filing in through the doors to disappear between the walls. A group of them waited at the crosswalk we headed toward, where one of the boys stabbed the pedestrian button over and over and over again, overly eager to join the flood and become submerged.

When Yuuhi realized I was no longer following at his side, he stopped and peered back at me, a good twenty feet away. The lights switched and the walking man illuminated, signaling the horde to proceed. Yuuhi headed back to me, sauntering as he’d had all the way here. “Kali, what’s going on? We can’t exactly fulfill our mission from outside the school.”

My lips turned down. “Obviously.” He gave me a meaningful look that I could feel through his sunglasses. My head lowered. “I’m just—It’s not that I—I mean….I’m not really…”

“Eloquent?”

I glared at him, but he was immune to it. “Listen, alright? I’m not used to large crowds. I’m also not used to acting like another species, so gods forbid I’m a little nervous about this whole ordeal and trying to perform well when the eyes of both our higher powers are boring down upon us and waiting for the worst to happen so that we can both be ripped to pieces, if we’re so lucky, got it?”

I had to catch my breath, and as I did, I realized my cheeks were burning again.