
All of it fell together in my head. Every piece of the Yuuhi puzzle snapped into place, and finally I understood the winding labyrinth. "Your vampire parent killed your previous lover."
The wound was still open. Although the bleeding had long since ceased, it had never healed, and my stab left him grimacing. His barricades darted up in response and he pulled away, ready to do to me what he must have done to Ave. "We shouldn't waste time."
Before he could pull away, before he could escape like he was so accustomed to, I grabbed his hand and I yanked him back. It was easy for me to do, since my strength would always be superior to his, and when I pinned him, I leaned in and said, "This isn't a waste of time. Remember how you told me that it was up to me to decide at my own pace when to move on? How can you tell me that when you never let yourself do the same?"
"Because I can't, Kali." His outburst startled me. "Hinako will never let me forget what happened, and she'll never give me the chance to move on because I belong to her. I'm her property, and I can only ever be her property, and anyone who attempts to challenge that notion doesn't live to speak of it."
"That's why you pushed away Ave, isn't it? Because she would have gotten herself caught up in your coven affairs and ended up just as dead."
"Of course that's why."
"And that's why you're pushing me away, too. That's why you're always running away."
That got him. He recoiled and his barricades flickered long enough for me to see the anguish that fermented inside him, the anguish that had always kept him at arm's length from me, that made his apartment feel cold and empty and unlived in. He kept everyone at a distance, so that no one could ever add to that anguish.
But then his barricades condensed into steel and suddenly my back was against the wall, and he hovered over me, coated in frost. "What else can I possibly do?"
"I don't know." All the anger left my voice, but I did not let up the fight. The fire churned in my belly and boiled in my veins and tingled in my fingertips. "I can't tell you what you should do, Yuuhi. It's not my place. But if I thought running away from Toivo and Carmi would be what it took to save them, I'd still dig my heels into the ground as I'm doing now. My family, we live together and we die together, because the alternative is to be separated and drowning in our own torment like you and Ave. Do you think this is the life she wants? Is this the life either of you want? Did you know that she made sure to ask me if you were okay? Did you know I had to lie and tell her you were?"
My words gutted him.
There were no more barricades. No more walls or barriers. He was a man stripped naked before me, completely vulnerable and completely at my mercy. I expected his eyes to drift and see right past me, to the Ave that waited for the world to start turning backwards so she could have him again, to the Ave who had attempted to console me when I had ended up consoling her in the end. They were both so broken, and they didn't know how to fight for each other. I had to wonder if they were actually meant to be.
I wanted to believe they were.
But my family gave me strength. Why didn't they give each other strength?
I expected him to look for her ghost somewhere around me, but he didn't. He kept his eyes on mine. His lips parted, air shifted in the hollow of his chest, and—
Ringing.
It sounded like a phone. An old-fashioned phone with a provincial ring that murdered the silence and crackled in the walls and spiked my heart with fresh adrenaline.