
"It's just that you—well, you listen. I've seen you watch people, making sense of everyone and their individual traits and habits. You understand people, you just don't understand yourself."
I didn't, but I was finally starting to get a clearer vision of this stranger that was Kali. I was starting to get an idea of what I wanted, and when words bubbled up my throat, I didn't try to stop them. "Jason, I'm going to tell you what's going on."
The astonishment was honest. He stiffened from my declaration, eyes bulging and words escaping him. "Wh-Wh-Wh-What? Wouldn't you—isn't that going to get you in a huge amount of trouble?"
"Yes. Huger than that, but after today, I feel bold and stupid and—damn it, you deserve to know. It's no one's place to hide this from you, least of all mine."
The confliction waged a war across his face. I could tell that he didn't want to put me in a place where I'd be in incredible trouble, but the thirst for knowing could parch a man of his senses. He leaned forward as well. "Then let's both be bold and stupid."
A thrill of readiness charged me. It felt like an engine revved inside me, heating up the blood in my veins and the words on my tongue. "Humans don't believe in Gaia anymore, do they?"
"No, but I know what you're getting at. I looked it up myself. The Gaia theory is that the earth is alive and must always be in balance, right? That the earth is more in control of the things that happen than we are, and also...I guess that when things are out of balance, the earth will do what must be done to fix that."
"Exactly, specifically that last part." My hands came alive, moving with my words, excitement tingling in my fingertips. "There used to be the gods of balance in the Old World. One god of balance for the humans, and however many gods for the demons that needed to balance the human god, a lot like a traditional scale. The reason why there's no more gods of balance is because balance went haywire. The gods were no longer fulfilling their purpose. Kirin, the last god of balance, destroyed the old civilizations, and other forces wiped the earth clean with a great flood, and then recreated human life."
"It's very biblical."
I rolled my shoulders. "Rajy always told me that stories prevail for a reason." I was quite certain that Rajy also believed every god of every pantheon did, in fact, exist. But he never prayed to any. "Anyway, that's the power of the Gaia theory—everything must always be balanced, and the earth always wins."
He nodded. "Okay. The rest of this conversation can only go well, then."
The sarcasm was not lost on me.
I leaned in closer and dropped my voice to a murmur, as though unwanted ears might overhear us even within the protection of his own home. "Do you know the story of Ares and Amon?"
A flicker of recognition gave him away, so I continued. "The ancient vampire lord Ares of the original first Vampire Alliance Court was the war general. He rarely saw any of his wars, but he concocted them, arranged them, like one big chess board. He had an extraordinary gift for strategy, which was how he earned his name. When it came to the countless wars of vampires against demons and other species, any battle specifically treated by Ares always ended the same. He was greatly feared, and the greater part of the world never even saw his face. He was a name. A shadow on the battlefield. And then he was killed."
The color left his face. Apprehension glowed in his skin and turned him into a beacon of doubt. "So...you're saying..."
"You're him. You're the reincarnation of Ares."