
A wind-up toy from the seventies.
The penny store wind-up toys.
Back before inflation.
Oh gods, what was wrong with me?
I threw myself down beside him on the bench. To my horror, all conversation at the table instantly grinded to a halt and every head swung to me.
I was not part of the nest. I was an intruder. And they looked at me like I had sullied their holy ground with my heathen shoes.
I cleared my throat, dragging my eyes to Jason. He was just as startled as they were, a paperback book already in his hands, something about classical Egyptian lore.
Hell, where was my voice? I opened my mouth and waited for the words to come as a tumbleweed bounced by in my mind. I should have written a script.
One of the boys cooed mockingly. "Jason's new girlfriend is here to talk to Jason alone."
Oh thank the good Buddha that someone could speak for me. "Yes. Yes, actually, I..." I looked him squarely in the eye. "You and I are going to talk."
More of the boys cooed and the girls giggled. Jason, however, was not so easily swayed. "We don't have anything to talk about."
I swallowed so hard that I was sure our Canadian neighbors heard it. "Wh-...What?"
He shrugged. "There's nothing to say."
Why would he act like this? What had caused him to push me away so hard?
The bruises of his face hadn't healed yet. The swelling had gone down, but the faint patches of plum remained, and so did the welt of his split lip. I found myself wondering how many times his mother had done this to him, and how many times he had pushed away others, and why no one around him had ever put their foot down to intercede.
Well, I put my foot down.
I grabbed him and hoisted him out of his seat with more ease than Toivo slinging a pillow. His friends broke out into cheers as I dragged him away and into the hall, where it was quieter. An armed guard marched by and I ducked around her as I dragged Jason to a row of lockers. At least there we could blend in and look 'natural'.
Finally he broke my hands from his hoodie and said, "Is that what you plan to do every time I disagree with you? React with force?"
I had all kinds of things to say to that, but the visual of his mother backhanding him stopped me dead, followed by the vision of me wrenching her away from him.
He could have told me to shove off and then marched back for the cafeteria, but he didn't. He stood there, waiting patiently for me to gather my senses, if not for a slight twitch in his eyebrow.
I hung my head. "I'm sorry for what happened."
"What happened?"
My hands squeezed. "For deflecting your mother. But I couldn't have simply stood there and watched her hurt you."
"It wasn't your business to interfere." His face remained hard, impassible. "I've been dealing with it my entire life. You don't think I can't manage it on my own?"