
Once he had crossed into the court, however, he turned back to where I stood rooted and beckoned me with his eyes. “Come on, Tails. I have a reputation to build.”
Maybe I preferred his sunglasses on his face. A barrier of lenses meant I didn’t feel so compelled to follow after him when he coaxed me. “Pretty sure you slapped mine onto the table instead.”
“So?” In a blur, he launched the ball at me with perfect aim. I caught it, and I didn’t shiver. Ever amused, he said, “Just show a little restraint and let them know that those pigtails are only there to look good.”
What was that supposed to mean?
I didn’t get a chance to ask. He jogged up to the hoop, where the other boys met him with more jeering and name-calling, and then he ticked his head to the half court line. My palms grazed the goose-pimpled flesh of the hard rubber ball as I considered the situation. I hadn’t exactly decided what to do when my feet carried me to my designated spot, and the nine other boys faced me with laughs of mocking and, ‘What do we do? She’s a girl, we don’t want to hurt her. Let’s approach cautiously and make it obvious that we’re approaching cautiously.’
My lips pulled into a frown. I bounced the ball against the floor and it rebounded hard against my hands. The impact of the hallow rubber echoed throughout the gym, and I found myself glimpsing the stands. A handful of eyes watched, including Jason’s from his clan at the far corner of the bleachers, high up top and removed from everyone else.
My skin prickled. Apprehension, excitement, I couldn’t tell what it was that made my nerves shoot off pulses of static, but the thrill got my blood pumping fiercer.
One of the boys mocked a leap for the ball. I didn’t flinch. His footwork and the feint in his eyes betrayed the lie, but the other boys mistook my lack of reaction as inexperience and laughed harder.
“Alright, look,” the boy said. “We’ve only got like a couple minutes left. I’ll go easy on you, okay? I don’t want to hurt your pretty face or nothing, just swear to smack your brother in front of everyone, got me? I want a picture of it.”
“A picture.” I bounced the ball again and caught it easier this time. “Because it’s funny for a girl to smack a boy.”
He shrugged, the grin unrelenting. “Or a girl to smack a girl. Whatever you’re into.”
Slowly and deliberately, I nodded. “Ah. Sorry, homeschooled and all that. I don’t really understand modern day social references.”
He opened his mouth, but I planted my feet firmly against the floor, drew a sharp breath into my lungs, and tossed the ball high into the air. Each of the young men followed the arc of the orange spec above their heads, turning in sync, before the ball swished cleanly through the hoop.
An unusual hush settled throughout the gym. It didn’t go completely silent, but the sense of awe pervaded the entire court and crawled into the bleachers. Heads turned and fingers pointed, and the amount of eyes that settled on me doubled, then quadrupled.
And then the nine boys erupted into wild battle cheers. They converged on me, rowdy and alit with excitement and disbelief. I lost track of Yuuhi as pheromones and the musk of sticky body odor flooded me. Soon after, the bell drop-kicked my skull. As the other teenagers gushed down the bleachers and streamlined to the doors of freedom, the nine boys made me their new best mate and tried to convince me to play with them later and practice more and join the girls’ team and run for office and cure every disease.