
Hinako and Yuuhi left the parlor room through the double doors, into the bedroom. A single brass lamp on the nightstand cast a dull glow throughout the Victorian-esque décor of the room.
She used to loathe western culture, which was why she had moved her coven back to Japan a long time ago, before finding better opportunities in the States. But even vampires hadn't been immune to the slurs and repulsion of Asians during what his new history book liked to call the Yellow Terrors, and she had adapted by shedding anything that reminded her of her heritage, by changing her makeup to widen her eyes and give her eyelids, and by dropping her accent as quickly as possible and teaching herself all the slang and American euphemisms, and by dressing herself in modern American styles.
He was even beginning to wonder if the curl in her lip when she said his name now was disgust—a reminder of what she looked like beneath the makeup and how she hated it.
The storm outside had shuttered light to a faint memory of day. Placed in front of the casement windows, against the cloudy backdrop, was a single armchair.
"Sit down, Yuuhi."
He knew what was coming next. He knew it. For the past two centuries, it had been the same.
But the sickness of rebellion churned a different storm inside him, a hurricane about to collide with the coast and ignite into something deadly.
Her heels stabbed the wooden floor behind him as she approached. "Well? I don't mind filling this chair with someone else, of course—"
He marched forward, each step a deliberate stomp, and then his stiff joints burned when he took the seat. She tilted her chin down, eyeing him, and with a ribbon now in hand, began to tie back her long black hair. She drifted toward him, the pleated silk of her dress swirling between her thighs with every kiss of her stilettoes to the floor. Without the curtain of hair to hide her smooth face, the harshness of her eyes speared him and her dark lips stood out like the smooth flesh of succulent plumbs.
"I know you hate this, Yuuhi, my dearest Yuuhi. You have to understand that I do as well. Can't you see how this hurts me?" She laid a hand across her chest and came to a stop at his knees, towering over him. "I never wanted you to suffer from any desire to lie to me, not ever, and yet you sat in my chair and ever so blatantly burned your tongue with false words. Your father and I, and each of your siblings, had to endure watching you torture yourself, hearing it in your voice. Do you understand how that makes me feel?"
He was going to find out either way, so answering the gimmick of her question was pointless. He simply stared up at her, his jaw clenched and his teeth grinding.
She lifted her foot, plainly for him to see the bottom of her platform heel. Then, she planted it against his chest, ramming him against the chair, the fragile bone of his sternum buckling as he grimaced.
"If you lie to me again," she said, "I'll drag her here by her pretty little hair, Yuuhi, sweetheart. I'll change her and leave out all her memories, just as I'd done for you, and I'll teach her to fear you. That beautiful amber light in her eyes will go out, and I'll teach her to run from you, to be truly afraid of you. I will break you. Don't make me break you, Yuuhi."
His jaw quivered, whether from the pressure of his clenched teeth or something else inside him. His hands gripped the armrests so tightly that the wood buckled under his grip, but he did everything he could to push the visuals out of his mind. He did everything he could to push her from his mind.
Yet, with how much demon blood Hinako had feasted upon during her lifetime, her physical strength was enough to crush him by pure accident, and he felt it in his chest, and it frayed his focus.