
I wanted to trust them too.
But that didn't change how worried I was.
I set down my mess of a sandwich. "What about Jason?"
Both of them cringed. I liked that the least. Rajy said, "Our sources have come up with nothing thus far. It seems he's simply vanished."
"Is Cassius hiding him, do you think?"
He touched his chin with only his fingertips. "Mazin concluded that it appears he isn't. He knows Cassius exceedingly well, enough to deduce that Cassius does not keep secrets. If he had been hiding Jason, he would have made the hint by now. Such an advantage would have given him a supreme amount of leverage against us, that his reincarnation is safe while ours is not."
My stomach lurched. "Who...is the real Amon reincarnation?"
When they looked at me, my eyes drifted to the center of the table. They had certainly heard it, that night Solara told me what they hadn't. She had projected her words and enunciated clearly just for them, so that they would know she had revealed what they had been hiding.
I wanted to be upset with them, but it was what she wanted.
She wanted me to push them away. Just like she had.
Lio's gentle voice filled my mind. "What do you think, Kali? In your heart?"
No one had thought to ask me that yet. Yuuhi had simply told me, and so did Solara, and even Jason nearly had.
No one had asked me what I thought.
I pressed my lips together to keep my jaw from quivering. It didn't work. "I think...that I'm just a device, a scheme to cover up the real Amon. It's a really good plan, too. I can't deny that, but..."
"Ares had natural intuition toward understanding things. Amon had natural intuition toward understanding people."
"I'm not Amon. I'm not like Yuuhi said, I'm not like Jason was with Ares. Someone like Toivo...is a much better fit. Strong and an impenetrable force, and...looking at it this way, he's been missing for the past three days, and we're sitting here, bobbing our heads in mutual agreement that he, despite his gunshot wound, is fine with Carmi, wherever they are. We know he's so strong and competent that he can handle whatever situation thrown at him."
My fingers intertwined, squeezing the blood out of one another, before I said, "I believe in him. I believe he could be the man who was once a lord of Egypt, who commanded the sun and the wind with only his fingertips. It's such a perfect match to me, I..."
I wasn't.
I was no match for Toivo, and I was no match for Amon.
Amon's eyes were described as two suns, his flesh the fertile earth that sprouted the crops, his hair the color of night across the endless sand dunes of the desert. Amon was as close to a god as a demon could be. His supernatural power had never been explained, and never been equaled. It had preceded his lineage, and if the reincarnation theory was true, then it had to be in my lineage for me to be his reincarnation. Amon had a son, but that son had never procreated. Instead, Amon's many sisters had. His genes were out there in long, watered down family trees, and somewhere in there was the reincarnation, supposedly.
My parents had been murdered by vampires. I would never know my lineage, but I highly doubted any Amon genes floated in me.
I lifted my chin. Rajy and Lio watched me in silence, so I asked, "You found Toivo on the doorstep, right? Like Solara. What happened, exactly?"