

I realized I was staring.

“U-Um.” I gestured to Yuuhi. “And this is Yuufi.”

“Yuuhi,” Yuuhi said.

“He’s my brother.”

“Stepbrother.”

“He’s also not Japanese.”

Yuuhi’s head swerved around to nail me with a look. “Am I not, oh sister of mine?”

I nailed him with a look. “Don’t be a jackass.”

“How could you ask such a thing of me?”

Jason’s lips finally cracked with a smile, but I couldn’t actually call it a real smile. More like an amused smile. His eyes narrowed on Yuuhi. “Dearest sister of yours has been in public school just about as long as you have, hasn’t she?”

I nearly fell out of my desk, but Yuuhi remained cool and calm and collected and every other similar alliteration. He leaned back in his chair as the spectacled, bushy-haired professor finally scrambled to the front of the class and worked to shut us up. Yuuhi asked, “Did my spotless shoes give it away?”

I leaned over my desk to look at his shoes. They were pretty spotless.

A snort escaped Jason. “No. I just wanted to see if you’d tell me, and you did.”

Yuuhi’s lips pursed to blurt out nothing but half a gust of air. Then he deflated, realizing that he had, indeed, basically owned up to the fact that he was about as savvy in the ways of modern day human schooling as I was. I grinned at the frazzled Yuuhi.

Seeing him put in his place felt good.

When the squirrelly professor called out “Anderson! Jason Anderson!” Jason had to face forward and announce his presence. Yuuhi took the distraction as an opportunity to sink deep into his seat, setting his sunglasses on his nose as he folded his arms. Carmi had posed like this many times, usually when he had been denied playtime or sugary substances.

The professor piped our names with our matching fake surnames and we announced our presence, and throughout the rest of our eleventh grade English class introduction, I found myself spending most of my time staring at the back of Jason’s head and watching his movements. Everything he did seemed so calculated, so mathematical, even the way he tapped the blunt eraser of his mechanical pencil against the text of the fat syllabus packet. The gears never stopped turning, even when one of his friends, I assumed, leaned over from the next row and murmured some indecencies to Jason’s keenly alert face.

There was something different about him that I couldn’t place, something that separated him from the other humans, and that was why I knew there could be no mistaking what he was. We were right on target. The higher powers had somehow discovered him before he had discovered himself.