

I faced the locker and stared at the knob of a padlock, the paint faded and the numbers hardly visible. The padlock stared back at me. I gnawed on my bottom lip, tapped my fingers against my thighs, bobbed on the toes of my boots, hummed a single note to myself—

“Kali.”

“Sorry, I’m just trying to remember my combination.”

Again, he tried not to laugh. To distract himself and that defiant smile, his hand caught the knob of his own locker, and in a blur, he popped it open and shut it. Then he turned away.

I juggled with a handful of words—and then the bell tolled. But it wasn’t just a bell. It was the worst sound to ever take an axe to my head and split my skull right in half. A horrible, terrible shrieking bell, placed on the wall right above my locker and screaming into the halls. I slapped my hands over my delicate ears and gasped as if someone had drop-kicked my liver. The scream went on for days, months, years. I’d forever be trapped by this device of torture.

Then it stopped.

I found myself crouched down on the floor, blending in perfectly with the unaffected humans who passed by and tossed me lingering looks of pure ‘What the hell?’ I blinked the mist from my eyes as the humans filtered through classroom doors.

Oh, the bean sidhe scream had been the sign of class?

Actually, the fae probably wouldn’t have cared much for that comparison, but they didn’t care much for anything, including one another—

Wait.

My head swung around. Yuuhi had gone. He had left me behind, and—shit—I had let him. I was supposed to keep an eye on him just as much as he was supposed to keep an eye on me just as much as we were supposed to keep an eye on—shit, shit, shit.

I started in the direction he’d turned into and tried to recall my first class. Had it been English? I took a moment to observe the next intersection of hallways and searched my mind for the map that my father had shoved into my lap and ordered me to memorize. Not much of it had stuck. My little brother Carmi could have redrawn it better with his crayons than I had committed to memory.

A sigh left my parted lips. Casting away the brain vomit of map, I tested the air instead with my nose and ticked my ear this way and that. The tickle of his scent led me to the left, and I followed it down the quieting corridor. The intense fluorescent lights were something my eyes would have to get accustomed to, along with the permeating smell of iron and chemicals that industrialization tended to secrete.

When I tiptoed into a classroom, the bell exploded in my ears again. I gritted my teeth, a hand clamped around the doorsill. Only when the shrieking stopped did I realize my grip had dented the frame. Whoops.

Oh well. A little texture looked nice. That’s what my other father always told me.

The professor shuffled around at her desk in the corner, sorting through some papers as the class buzzed with chatter from their rows of ubiquitous desks. I sidled my way along the wall and spotted Yuuhi, sitting at the very back.