
His chest heaved with each new breath. It took me a while longer before I realized my own lungs did too, my fingers shaking. My body shaking. When he turned on me, still catching up to his thirst for oxygen, I felt the consuming need to apologize profusely. Thankfully, he didn’t give me the opportunity to embarrass myself when he asked, “What just happened?”
My voice needed a few revs before I forced it to work. “I-I…I don’t want to answer that question.”
He regarded me silently for a moment. There was a degree of chill in his gaze now, a manifestation of distrust, and how could I blame him for that?
At the same time, however, I sensed a flicker of amusement, and it pervaded when he said, “We’re at least safe in here. I know I’ve never invited a vampire inside, and I think my mother hasn’t either. There would be…signs if she’d had.”
I wasn’t sure what to make of that, not yet. I stole a glance of the room we stood in, some sort of living room that felt cold and unused. The black panel of a television mounted on the wall was larger than my bedroom window, the furniture big and deep and expensive-looking, but there was no aura of life in this room. It carried the same untouched sensation of a brand new car’s crisp leather interior, the seats still unmarked and hard.
Adjacent to the room was a large kitchen, complete with an island in the middle like the fancy ones on television shows about rich people living rich lives.
It was then that I realized, despite what had just happened, “I’ve…never been in another person’s home before.”
He stopped. His demeanor flipped in a heartbeat. “You’re older than a century and you’ve never been in someone else’s house before?”
“I’ve been outside of many, does that count?”
“No.”
“Then…no, this is new to me.” It was very new. I had the urge to touch the furniture, to study the tread in the carpet, to see what sorts of cooking equipment and food was stored away. I wanted to know what other people lived like. I wanted to know what he lived like, someone who was about to be so important to the world, and he had no idea.
He let my eyes wander, and when my feet shifted to take me deeper into the room with its vaulted ceiling, he didn’t try to stop me. There was something prickly in his aroma, however. Apprehension, it tasted like.
He followed me. “So…what happens now? Do I get to know this privileged information about what the hell’s going on?” He didn’t let me answer. “No, of course not, Jason. Would something like that really come so easily if it hasn’t already?”
I touched a lace lampshade and the memory struck me hard of Solara’s sheets as the sun dipped below the silhouette of the trees, the last of the daylight illuminating the lace of her curtains and warming her room, as I sat perched on her bed and watched her file through her clothes in her closet.
I shoved the memory aside. My fingers came away from the lampshade with dust. “I don’t think even I know everything I’m supposed to.”
“That doesn’t make me feel better.”
“I’m not trying to make you feel better.”
“You’re not making yourself feel better, either.”
I twisted to peer back at him. He stood there, impassible, hands tucked away in the pocket of his hoodie. But even if all his attention was set on me, I could tell his ear was ticked to every creak of wood and shift of air in the rest of the house.