
In a voice also as friendly as the morgue, she said, "It's time for you to leave. Do you have anyone you can stay with?"
We didn't have anyone who wouldn't be watched very closely, and the three of us silently agreed that we didn't want to risk anyone who was already at risk.
I rolled in my lips—and then had an epiphany. "Toivo, where's your telephone?
"Are you really still calling a cell phone a cellular telephone, Kali?"
My hands curled into fists. "Call Yuuhi. He might know someone."
Toivo's nose wrinkled in distaste. "I don't want to call Yuuhi for favors—"
The hunter's eyes cut him to pieces. "You'd better motherfucking call this Yuuhi and get down on your knees and offer all your services with your mouth open—it means you get to live another night."
Toivo slammed her with a glower. "Zia, what have I told you about talking like that in front of Carmi? Kali's even worse."
My fists tightened. "Toivo, just god damned contact him, okay?"
He tugged out his tele—his phone and dialed Yuuhi's number. As the phone rang, Zia whipped around, her ponytail nearly backhanding me. "I'll allow you to borrow the van," she said, and since she was walking away, the three of us assumed we had to follow. "It's one heck of a van, so I want it back, got it?"
Carmi snickered. "You can't even drive it."
She turned on him. "You don't want to know what the fuck I drive, okay? Because I can promise you they're huge. Really huge. About twice your size. Not having a piece of paper doesn't mean I can't drive—and I do, often. And very well. And you can't fool me, I know you're older than what you're trying to pretend. I'm not so easily fooled—most of the time, anyway. I do fall for the occasional whoopee cushion and slippery banana prank, but don't you get any ideas, punk, because the ones who fool me only ever do it once. Then, poof, no more them. Here's the key."
She handed me the ring with the single key only after she had led us to the front door. It was then that a thought occurred to me and I asked Carmi, "Where's Rosie?"
His eyebrows climbed, lips puckered, eyes shifted to the side in what was a very curious, 'Yeah, about that...' reaction, but Zia beat him to words. "The blonde girl in the tiny loincloth of a skirt? Yeah, she's fine. My vampires erased her memory and left her with her narcoleptic underaged friends. She shouldn't remember a thing about what happened."
Then why did Carmi fold his arms and look as far away from me as he could?
Behind me, Toivo continued his conversation with Yuuhi, "As much as we could actually live off the land, hunter-gatherer style..."
Yuuhi sighed in the background. "Alright, alright. Wouldn't want you losers looking like wild folk. It's very indecent these days." He paused. "I have...one place left that I can send you. You'll be safe with her, but I need you to swear she'll be safe with you."
Toivo's eyes locked with mine.
I had a feeling I knew exactly who this 'she' was.
I nodded.
"Fine," Toivo said. "She'll be safe with us."