
I stood there, legs trembling as I watched him. He laid stretched across the cushions, on his back, one of his million books in hand with half the novel curled into his grasp. He didn't stir, choosing not to notice me, choosing to allow me to soak in these surroundings as I needed. And I needed to.
My eyes swerved to the windows. I tried to swallow and couldn't. My legs animated again, feet moving robotically to the glass panes. I pushed aside the sheers and cringed, my vision taking its sweet time to adjust.
First, the silhouettes of towers burned into the back of my brain. The foggy light cleared, and I found myself staring upon the multistoried metal teeth of the endless city sprawl. The buildings stretched toward the sky and grazed the clouds. There were so many, and they were so monstrous, with a thousand silver eyes glaring back at me, filled with the faces of people I had never seen before, hidden where I couldn't see them.
Between the buildings, I could see far out into the distance. Layers of city life. Overpasses. Bridges. One of the rivers. Vibrant, electrified signs that seduced the eye and the body to consume, casting rainbows and prisms to attract attention. Juxtaposed and asymmetrical architecture that couldn't possibly withstand a good gust of wind, but somehow did. I had a vantage point where I knew I was high up off the ground.
Very high.
I didn't want to know how high up, but at the same time, I did.
Demons were creatures of the earth. We were made from the elements and our feet were not intended to leave the earth. We did not like small spaces. We did not like vast bodies of water. We did not like metal enclosures.
And we did not like extreme heights.
My flesh prickled. I scrunched my eyes shut, sucked in a deep breath, and then allowed my gaze to fall down, down, all the way down to the stream of asphalt and tiny cars gliding like metal fish below.
Dizzy.
The axis of my balance tilted.
My legs wobbled. I staggered away from the windows, choking on shallow gulps of air, and then twisted. Yuuhi still hadn't moved. It was as if I didn't exist.
"What..." My vocal chords grinded and shivered. "What am I doing here? What happened?"
"You should sit down first."
The surface of my thoughts wavered with scalding heat, the bubbles gathering, the boiling imminent. "No. I'm not going to listen to anything until I know what's going on."
A sigh fell out of him. He pushed back his light brown hair and hefted himself upright. He tossed the book aside, perched himself on the edge of the couch, and looked at me. "You're alive. That's what's going on. And, by all means, you're very lucky to be alive right now, because you very nearly weren't."
"What happened last night?"
"You slept. You mean the night before?"
"W-What?"
"You've been unconscious for about—" he checked the bright red numbers on his cable box, "—nearly forty-six hours now."
Almost two entire days.
My legs went numb. I could barely hold myself up, could barely breathe, the air too thin and the walls too close and getting closer.
"Kali, sit down."
"No." I touched my face, tried to steady myself. "Tell me what happened."
"Your pseudo-sister knew exactly what strategy you would take that night. She knew you'd find shelter somewhere and call your fathers for help, so we're betting all she had to do was wait for some sort of signal, and then search every hiding place you might have stumbled across. Then she successfully located you, and she came with a small army."