
A smirk crept across her face and she nodded. "We'll certainly discuss it. But the answer isn't going to change."
He didn't expect it to. Someone who put up with Yuuhi seemed like a good match, even if he didn't know what she was, even if she wasn't frank about it. But he still needed to be wary of everyone. Risks were not something he was willing to take.
Not anymore.
Carmi shuffled toward the hallway, the rat dog trotting alongside him, and the dynamic duo vanished again from sight. Toivo released Kali's collar and fixed his posture. "Thank you, Ave."
Her round eyes warmed with another smile. She shrugged and the neckline of her loose shirt slid an inch down her shoulder, revealing the tank-top hidden underneath as well as more flesh. "Of course. I couldn't turn you away when you need help. If he sent you to me, then I can't imagine you would have done any differently if the stakes were reversed."
"We wouldn't," Kali blurted. "And—we—we tried to help someone once, but we couldn't...I mean..."
Kali was still kicking herself over what had happened to Jason, after they had promised to put him up at a better place, only to lose him.
He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and pulled her against him. She didn't fight.
Ave's lips pressed into such a tight line as she looked at Kali, her mouth practically wiggled.
"I have a glamour device," he said, "so I can go grab some groceries to keep us from consuming you into poverty."
Ave's hands formed tight fists in her lap and he even noticed her toes curl up. "What? N-No, I don't need a glamour device to go out and grab groceries, so I can just do it, and it's no big deal, really."
"You can come with, if you'd like." He wouldn't mind if she came with. "But it'd be a hundred percent easier for me to pick out what we need instead of write down a list and use up an entire roll of toilet paper to do so."
One of her fists covered her mouth as she thought about it, and then she held up two fingers. "More like two rolls. My fridge consists of some mustard and ketchup."
Good. Very good.
Then they absolutely needed to do this, because he could already feel fresh hunger kneading at his stomach.
Kali insisted that she would be fine with Carmi and the house troll, but Toivo knew insisting that she would be 'fine' at all was quite the lie. She hadn't slept much since they had retrieved her, and she had eaten just as little. He didn't blame her, he simply...wondered why he wasn't taking it in the same way.
He wondered why he wasn't taking it in at all.
No, this was what he had to do. This was how he had to keep himself together. This was how he had to hold his family together.
As soon as they stood, Carmi reemerged from the hallway and held up a magazine—a distinctly BDSM magazine with two girls on the cover in latex and leather. "Look what I found!"
"Jesus fuck," fell right out of Ave's mouth. She slapped a hand over her mouth and marched up to him. "Let's not—" She snatched the magazine from Carmi and held it behind her in a very poor attempt to hide what it was, even if there was no way to hide that, and her flushed cheeks said she knew it.
Carmi only cackled and zoomed back into the hallway. "I know where the stash is!"