
At least, I tried to hate her. I knew I didn't, and I knew I couldn't. I simply saw that she could take better care of him than I could, and the pit grew larger in my belly.
Each proceeding class passed the same. There were no secretive notes this time. No apologies, no lighthearted quarrels, nothing. We walked from class to class divided. Jason vanished into the crowd, and all my awkward dodging made sure that I couldn't keep up. Yuuhi found enough life in his body to return to flirting with the usual pair of girls. The Blonde apprehended Toivo and effectively distracted him.
The pit bloated in my belly. I became more aware of the packed hallways than ever as I walked with my arms pulled in tight, as I tried to make myself as small as possible. The clans of teenagers proceeded as normal, oblivious to me, submerged in their own little worlds where each of them protected one another.
I suddenly understood what Yuuhi meant that first day, that having a clique meant survival in a different sense of the word.
Without a pack, I felt lost.
The rest of the day was heavy. I picked little at my snack bags and wasn't hungry for my meals at lunch. Jason sat at his table, and Yuuhi had gathered more friends at ours, and The Blonde laughed at everything Toivo had to say.
I had the strangest urge to find someplace quiet, separate from the cacophonous shouts and high-pitched laughter and the too-close walls and ceiling. I didn't want to be at this table, or in this school, or anywhere.
I wanted to find Solara, and I wanted to tell her that I understood, and I wanted to cure whatever had contorted her into the stranger she was now. I wanted to fix her and bring her back to her bedroom. I wanted to end this reincarnation bullshit and make things normal again.
I wanted everything to go away.
After gym, Jason parted for his usual route home by foot. Yuuhi dawdled with his new best friends. Toivo and I climbed into the truck and waited in silence.
Yuuhi had mustered up enough of himself all day to put on a face for these exclusively prestigious, well-dressed teens, and I hated watching it, and I hated that we had to watch it now until Jason had enough time to make it back to his house safely.
As the minutes dragged on of girls and boys flirting up a storm with Yuuhi, Toivo finally spoke up. "You've been acting oddly all day."
I didn't look at him. I didn't want to look at him and see Rajy pleading me not to tell anyone what I knew. "Likewise."
"Likewise how?"
"You've made a new friend. The neckline of her shirt was lower than yesterday, did you notice?"
His twisted to me with a spark in his eyes. "What's that supposed to mean?"
"You know what it means."
"No. I don't."
So I turned on him. "It means you're doing the mating dance with a human, Toivo. If Rajy knew, you'd definitely be ripped right out of this mission."
"Because I'm flirting with a girl." Despite the mocking of his voice, he knew I was right. "I'm incapable of watching over Jason or Yuuhi—or you, for that matter—because I'm flirting with a girl."
"Because you're jeopardizing the entire mission by risking a human girl—an underage human girl—climbing into your pants and discovering, hey, you turn into a legitimate monster during sex, and I remember the marks on you when you'd come home and when you smelled like sex with something that loses control like we do. I remember the bruises and the bite marks and all that. You could do real damage to her."