
I stopped, and he held my eyes, letting the knives of his words sink into my brain before he continued. "When we arrived at the scene, we had to fight our way inside, and it wasn't easy. Solara's comrades had obviously been instructed to do everything they could to stall us, and if it weren't for Leon and your first father and some of their perfectly-aimed shots, it would have taken us much longer just to get inside and find the three of you gone. Cain was able to sense the tunnel of shadow she had taken and follow her into the trees, but by the time we reached you, Solara had taken Jason and vanished. He had only sucked out as much of you as it took to start the change—not propel it. We don't know how much time she let him stew with her venom."
As in, they didn't know if she erased his memory of everything.
Of me.
I was only recent history in his world. I would have been one of the first things to go.
Another sob broke free of my lips. That was all I could take. The vision of seeing Jason again, as a vampire, as the new Ares prodigy, and seeing no recognition in his eyes—it killed me. My hand slapped to my mouth to stifle another sob. It didn't work. My face contorted with a fresh wave of tears.
The distance from my fathers, the uncertainty of my brothers, I couldn't take it all. I had never been so far away from everything. I had never known such an ache of despair, prying open my chest, carving out my insides. My knees gave out and I was ready to collapse onto the floor and forget how to ever stand again, but arms caught me.
Yuuhi, unsteady and buckling with my weight, carried me over to the couch and draped me across the cushions. He sat beside me, a tissue box in one hand, his other hand on my shoulder. A presence that I clung to.
I didn't know him. I battled constantly with trusting him. He was a stranger, and all I had to depend on were his words.
But at that moment, I didn't care. Who he was, who he had been, what he had done to get to this point, I didn't care, because I needed someone to simply sit here and occupy space beside me and not say a word. I needed to know that I wasn't alone.
Keep strong, he had told me.
I couldn't.




(Copyright © 2013 Sarah Godfrey. Please alert the author at keyboardsmashwriters@gmail.com if you are seeing this work posted in full outside of SarahandVictoria on Wattpad.)

[For more information about Dance in Shadow and Whisper, check out MarionettesandMonsters on Tumblr and Blogspot! You can also find all recent books in the series on Amazon, both paperback and Kindle versions.]
