
She was not an illusion.
She was really here, right in front of me.
I could still feel the pressure of her fingers when she used to hug my much smaller hand and guide me around the garden in the backyard. I could still remember the waxy smell of her lipstick when I watched her apply makeup in the bathroom. I could still remember the scent of the hair bleach she took to her dark roots, and how it made my eyes water, and I could still remember the chalky odor of the deep, dark red dye she soaked her long, whitened hair in.
Somewhere in the back of my mind, I realized seconds combined into minutes. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I realized Jason had climbed to his feet behind me.
Somewhere in the back of my mind, I realized I was supposed to panic.
She waited for me. She waited for anything, nothing, everything. Her ivory arms remained folded lightly at her chest, sharp blue eyes darker than I ever remembered, drilling into me, her lips relaxed with an almost-smile that she used to give Rajy whenever she was being reprimanded.
The static left my ears. Time resumed. I choked on words before I managed the wrong ones. “W-What…what are you doing here?”
A look of scolding narrowed her eyes as she tilted her chin down. “Now, that’s not really fair, is it? I poked fun at you, so you’re supposed to laugh, or poke fun back like you used to. I’m disappointed.”
The words stung. I couldn’t explain why. Heat flooded my cheeks and my hands fisted. “Th-This is not a joke, Solara! I’m not—”
Her face darkened. “That’s not my name anymore, Kali.”
“Why? Because you’re a vampire demon now? Because you’re somehow not the same person anymore?”
“Exactly. Solara is gone, sweetheart, you should know that by now.”
“I don’t.” Hysteria edged into my voice. I couldn’t stop it. “You’re my sister, how does that suddenly change just because you’re vampire? How can you let that change? How can you leave home for ten years, just disappear completely, never come back even once, and suddenly reappear to tell me this?”
Silence passed.
The muscles in her face pulled tighter, her eyes urging me to find the answer to my own question.
I did.
The realization steeped into me, spreading and concentrating until I breathed and tasted it on my tongue. My words quivered when I said, “You’re not here for me.”
Her arms unfolded, lowering to her sides. “I’m part of a world that’s so far beyond your comprehension now, Kali. You will never know the burden I carry, or why I have to do this.” Her hand lifted to the small of her back.
Jason somehow caught on before I could even register the movement. His hand snagged my arm, tugging, but I remained rooted as I watched her produce a black handgun. Behind her, a car flew down the hill, briefly haloing her in blinding light, tossing her hair about her shoulders, the driver oblivious and carrying on down the road.
Upon seeing the gun, I still couldn’t understand it. She had always been so much better with firing bullets than swinging a sword, which was why Lio had helped her polish her skills with his Beretta, and the memories of her taking aim at makeshift targets stung my senses with perfect clarity.