
Sleep dragged him down, but he had one last thought that rang clear in his brain.
He hoped to the gods she wasn't alone.
#
She used to take me by my hand, her fingers still warm, long and slender around mine. She would lead me into the forest behind the house, into the dense foliage when ants swarmed the trees and spiders threaded cracked windows of web as tall as we were. Birds danced from leaf to leaf and our feet crunched the decay of the forest floor. Daylight streamed through the trees and painted everything in shades of gold and emerald.
But when she started to change, she ventured out during the day less and less. One night, she took me into the darkness of the forest, when the moon was only a sliver in the sky and my vision was more black than gray. The stars shimmered and the chirping of creatures and insects kept me alert.
But she was different. She was alive. Whereas she had always been edgy when cooped up in the house, at night she stretched her limbs and inhaled a deep breath that shook the stars.
By that point, we didn't hold hands anymore.
'Why don't you like going out in the day like we used to?' I asked.
The way she craned her spine and flexed her body was as if she soaked in the darkness and the life of the night. 'It's not that I don't like it. I don't know. I guess I've grown to like the tranquility in the night.'
'It's difficult to see.'
'I don't need to see. I can see everything without my eyes.'
'Is that supposed to be your demon sense?'
She turned to me then, and in moments like these, I knew this wasn't Solara anymore. It was her, but it wasn't. She was still herself, but what had evolved inside of her wasn't. The glimmer in her bright eyes, her jaunty composure, the angle of her chin, it was so different than the Solara I used to know, and yet I knew this was still Solara.
'No,' she said. 'A demon sense is a part of you, but I've become a part of something else. I am something else. Did you know that you're also something else, Kali?'
The phone slipped from my fingers. It didn't have a chance to make contact with the carpet of Rajy's office before Solara and Yuuhi collided. The air shuddered and Solara easily overpowered him, ramming him up against the bookcase by his throat, her other hand poised as if ready to plunge into his chest and rip out his heart.
I didn't give her the chance. I swung my legs over the desk and tackled her with a snarl and a fist to her stomach. She recoiled with a wild scream, a sound that shook me to the core and raised every tiny hair on my body. It was a scream that dulled my senses and numbed me the way all screams could, and then my back hit the desk and rocked it nearly off its legs.
Solara climbed atop me, and when I thrashed, she wrestled me down by my wrists and shrieked, "Listen to me. I need you to listen. Do you remember a long time ago when I said we were a part of something else? I need you to remember. I need you to."
My breath quivered all the way to my lungs. I froze, scared to fight back, scared not to. Scared to look at her unhinged dark eyes, scared not to. "I remember."
"It's inside you, Kali. We are meant to be magnets. I can never stop doing this to you—I can never, ever stop. And as soon as it starts growing inside you, it will hurt you, too. It will destroy us both."
My voice shivered. "I don't understand—"