


#



The morning mist clinging to the wet soil and dense canopy of trees mingled with the early September heat of the young sunlight. Leaves fluttered with the tickle of a breeze. Birds tackled branches and sang a hundred different songs. I’d been taught to always be aware of my surroundings, but the morning was just as average as any morning, and that left me somehow twice as anxious.

Neighbors packed into cars and glided off to work or school or wherever else. Humans, mostly. This was a distinctly human neighborhood, buried in the lush hills outside Pittsburgh, and the residents preferred to keep it that way. Most of them, however, didn’t even know what to look for when identifying non-humans, and a few hands waved to greet me as Yuuhi and I marched together on the residential sidewalk.

Well, I marched.

Yuuhi sauntered.

I stole sideways glimpses of him, unsure of what to make of his general lack of concern for all the quick ways I could reduce him to the consistency of blended brain matter. Tires of a large SUV crunched the asphalt beside us before rounding the bend and disappearing beyond a wall of second growth trees, which was when he said, “I do have one very serious question.”

“No, I don’t know what drag is.”

“You’ve made that clear already. Actually,” he peered down at me through his obnoxious sunglasses, brow crinkled, “I was wondering why you chose pigtails, of all things.”

The toe of my boot caught on a crack in the concrete and I stumbled. “What? What’s wrong with my hair?”

“Nothing’s wrong with your hair. It’s quite beautiful, actually, with its fullness, and that shade of brown—honey, I’m going to call it, especially in the sunlight. You don’t color, do you?”

“Color what?”

“That’s what I thought. You’ve got lovely hair, so why put it up in pigtails?”

My cheeks burned, but I wasn’t upset, so I couldn’t figure out why I felt steam in my face. Who described hair like that, anyway? “Aren’t pigtails ‘in’? Aren’t they ‘trendy’?”

“Are you mocking those words or do you actually mean them?”

To answer, I reached into the back pocket of my jeans and retrieved a cut-out from a magazine. I unfolded the tiny square into a larger square that I unfolded again, and then I handed the wrinkled mess to him. “See? It’s ‘trendy’.”

He stared down at the picture. His lips rolled in. “You were keeping this in your back pocket?”

“Yes, just in case I needed to pull it out, and I did.”
