
My brow furrowed. "He's wholly demon. He was born vampire demon because his mother was changed while she was pregnant and then his father killed her and—no, we're not related. My sister and I, we're not related, either."
Eyebrows furrowed, like the first part didn't compute in his brain whatsoever, he took a moment to digest before sniffing and nodding. "Okay, then. The darkness, it reacts to her. What did that feel like to you?"
"Cold," Amon said instead. He had settled for standing behind me, bulging arms folded across his bulging chest, hip against the table. "Wasn't it? Never felt anything like that before, I have to say, but it wasn't a bad feeling. Felt completely natural, like the right amount of wind off the river against the waves of heat rising up off the sands."
Elliot leaned to the side to follow my gaze and peer at Amon again, and yet again looked straight through him.
Right.
Heat swelled in my cheeks and I twisted back around to say, "It...didn't really feel like a bad thing. It used to feel like nothing, and now it feels like..." I thought back to that night. I thought about how the shadows shrieked and struggled as the light from my body drilled into it.
Like a punishment.
I caught myself gnawing on my thumb and pried my hand away to finish with, "It feels like the exact opposite of what's inside me now."
Amon huffed. "It's always been inside you."
Brow knotted up again, Elliot nodded. "I don't suspect it's anything conventional, no easy answer. The truth is, there are things out there that even I don't know, things that can do crazy shit, like control the darkness. The hard part will be figuring out exactly what that is and how your sister can do it."
"Oh." My gaze leveled with my knees again. "Do you have any ideas?"
"Not yet. I'll have to search. If you give me some time, I might be able to produce something."
Amon unloaded a petulant sigh and pushed away from the table. I tried not to watch him as he rounded my chair and headed back for the hallway, but he didn't make it easy when he vanished around the corner. He couldn't go anywhere without me, could he? I didn't want to find out what sort of trouble he could cause.
I switched back to Elliot, who had followed my gaze yet again. "Thank you, Elliot. Even if you can't find anything, thank you. You're very nice, even if you're just as socially awkward as I am."
His wide eyes meant I might as well have spoken a strange language. "I'm. I'm not nice. I'm just. You're welcome."
At least part of a smile made its way to my face.
He reminded me of Jason. The stab in my gut told me I missed him. I'd only known him for a week, a single leaf in the one-hundred-thirteen-year-old oak of my time on this earth, and he had been the first person I'd come to really, truly interact with outside of my family.
But it would be okay soon.
I'd find him.
I wouldn't lose everything.
I followed after the source of my personality disorder, but he had vanished. Calling out his name wasn't an option, since I knew the cats and the Elliots would hear me and frown upon it.
I rested my hands on the glass of the counter and observed the small, obviously renovated shop with the gun paraphernalia hammered into the wall and placed under the glass like some sort of exhibit on holy artifacts.