
But the driver didn't pull into the empty lot. He rounded building to the docking ports for trucks. One of the little garages had been modified, and when he pulled up, the mechanical door shuddered to life and raised to reveal a ramp that descended deep into the bowels of the building.
This might have been worse than suspension over water. My nails carved into the leather of the seat as we rolled down a claustrophobic's nightmare. Below was a cramped parking lot with a number of cars clustered around the elevator and stairwell.
When the car parked, Mazin thanked his driver, and I felt the need to do so too, so I did. When the two of us climbed out of the car, my knees buckled and my legs felt like stilts. I wobbled alongside Mazin as we made our way between the cars, to the elevator.
I didn't want to climb into an elevator, but I didn't trust my legs to take me into stairs that only led deeper into the ground. "Where are we?"
"A holding facility, in a sense. Every element of our history we've obtained is kept, documented, and studied here."
"Like a demon museum?"
A soundless laugh crept across his face. "If only the world was safe enough for us to maintain our own public museum. As it stands, the contents in this facility are worth too much to risk hate crimes, terrorism, and theft."
Hate crimes and terrorism.
There were many 'human supremacist' groups who reviled the non-human community, and they could do just as much harm as any vampire supremacist groups.
The elevator doors hissed open to reveal a small compartment that looked more like a coffin. I wasn't ready for this sort of commitment, but Mazin's hand lifted to the small of my back and guided me inside.
A small whine resounded in my throat and I pressed myself against the wall as he stabbed the only button. The plastic lit up and the doors slid shut. We dropped. My stomach surged up my throat.
He rested his hand lightly on my shoulder, standing at perfect ease. "Don't worry, Kali. You're safe here."
The drop went on for days before we slowed and the doors parted. I placed my feet on the solid concrete floor of an understated hallway and nearly collapsed with joy-until I considered how deep under the earth we were. Very deep. Nightmarishly deep.
At the end of the hallway was a simple door, as simple as the hotel door, or Yuuhi's apartment door. Beside it was a box that looked no different than a retail credit card machine. He reached into his pocket and swiped an unmarked white card with a black stripe. The door buzzed and he pushed it open, allowing me entrance.
Into another hallway.
With the same door.
He reached into his other pocket and swiped a second card. The door buzzed. We entered into another hallway.
With another door.
This hallway sported a camera in the corner, and instead of a card box, there was a single button. His thumb stabbed the button and he waved at the camera. Another buzz.
Finally we entered a lobby that opened up with a domed ceiling and crisp white walls and bright lights. The simple lobby with its simple desk and simple waiting room chairs siphoned tension from my shoulders. Great oil paintings of previous demon lords and war heroes mounted the walls, and the gentle light felt almost like sunlight on my flesh.
We approached the receptionist desk and the girl greeted us with a bright smile. She shuffled papers aside and said, "Evening, Mazin. Anita called ahead," his shoulders lifted with a start, "she sounded quite angry this time, so I think you should probably take her seriously."