
Carmi was a vampire demon, a different kind from Solara. He hadn't been changed like she had—he'd been born from his mother when she had been attacked, mostly changed, and then killed. He shouldn't have survived, but he had. His body aged only occasionally, often even slower than a demon, which was why he was stuck with a ten-year-old appearance.
But even if he was technically vampire demon, he didn't subscribe to any of his vampire potential. He resisted shadow and mind-tampering, so when telepathy passed between them, it wasn't of the vampire kind. It was on a level much deeper than that, and then Toivo understood.
Kali.
"F—Fine." Toivo followed Carmi. "I'll be right back." A dumptruck of symbols clashed against his terse lips, but he kept the barrage inside.
Down the hall, Carmi pushed open Kali's door. Her window had been left open an inch, wet clothes littered the floor, and she was nowhere to be found.
Holy shit.
A note sat on her desk. 'I'll be back tonight. We can talk then.'
The holiest of shits.
He and Carmi fled the room and jumped into Carmi's instead so they could avoid any prying ears. As soon as Toivo shut the door, his hands flew to his hair. "What the bloody hell. Damn it, what's going on with her?"
Carmi shrugged his small shoulders and threw himself into his desk chair. "I don't know. She's never done anything like this before, though it's really reminiscent of So—"
"Don't say it. Just. Don't." Toivo collapsed onto Carmi's bed with a bounce, but his blood blazed too fast in his veins and he had to jump right back up and pace around the small room. "Something's going on. As soon as Rajy told us she'd been assigned to this bullshit mission, I knew something strange was happening."
"Do you think that the human boy is the real deal?" He folded his legs atop his chair. "You think it's actually him?"
Toivo stopped in the middle of one of his lines and considered the entire day. The dodgeball game had been in good fun, of course, but Toivo hadn't actually expected to lose. Jason had planned the whole thing out, down to Kali's own sacrifice, and although that made his hair stand on end like a cat to a spurt of static, he had to admit that it was ingenious.
No, it wasn't ingenious.
It was mastery.
He faced Carmi, sucking in a deep breath before he finally pushed out, "Yes. I do. He's not like the other students, but he's developed the skills to blend in just enough not to stand out."
Carmi snorted, but the skepticism remained. "Well, hell, why haven't I figured that one out yet? Being a vampire demon and half the size of everyone else would be so much more tolerable."
Unable to help it, a few unhinged laughs bubbled up Toivo's throat. He covered his mouth with his hand as if to cork the sounds. It didn't work. "That's...probably where she went, now that I think about it."
"To the kid's? Really? Shit, is she developing a crush?"
Toivo suddenly felt sick. He eased down onto the edge of the bed and stared very hard at the wall in front of him. "N-...No. Absolutely not."
Carmi eyed him, sharpening his glare onto Toivo to peel his skin away. "You've...been distracted, haven't you? All those short skirts and plunging necklines got you hot and bothered, Toivo? The young, hot stuff—Agh!" His hands flew up when Toivo launched the pillow at him.