
Apprehension crawled into his muscles. He attempted a laugh but couldn't be more convincing than Toivo pretending to giggle when I had searched for ticklish spots. "Why didn't she call my cell?"
"She knew you'd ask that. She said you probably left it on silent again."
He produced his phone from his pocket, paused, pursed his lips, and then said, "Right. Well, what did she say?"
"To call her as soon as possible, and then she corrected herself and said to call her sooner than possible."
"But not immediately."
"No, sir, she did not explicitly say 'immediately'."
"Then I shall call her sooner than possible. Could you unlock the back room, Annabel?"
We passed through more of the same hallways. It was a maze, and I had a feeling it had been crafted to be just that. If I didn't know my way around, I'd easily get lost.
When we came to the end, Mazin threw his weight against a heavy door. We stepped into a circular room as understated as the rest of the facility, yet the smell of the river shore refreshed my senses, and the sensation of sunlight against my bare flesh intensified.
At the center of the room was a single pedestal, and perched in a cradle of ivory was a single gold cross. The metal gleamed brilliantly in the faux sunlight, and as I crept closer, the intricate details stood more prominently.
It wasn't a cross. It was a sword. A tiny thing, smaller than my thumb, made for gladiator rats and not much else.
My fingers touched my face. My cheeks felt like I was burning up. It was midday in this room, summertime, and I stood with my face to the fiery sun and its intense direct light. There were no shadows to hide in. Nothing to dull the blistering rays.
Mazin's presence closed in behind me and I jolted back to the present. Sweat beaded at my forehead and I choked down a gulp of air before I asked, "What is this?"
"Ra."
My eyes widened. I couldn't pull my gaze away from the spotless gold trinket no matter how my flesh burned.
This was Ra.
This was the sun that Amon wielded. In the old myths it was a sword, a great sword that could be as long as Amon's arm or as tall as his body, anything but this dinky little cloak broach that it was now. I looked at it crossly, and somehow, I felt as if it looked at me just as crossly. "Why is it so tiny?"
"I'd ask him, but he doesn't talk to us."
He.
I lifted my eyes to Mazin. He stood with his arms folded, the gold warming the sunset in his flesh and illuminating his features, including the disapproving fatherly pout that he aimed at the trinket. He ticked his head over my shoulder, and when I looked, I found a television screen mounted on the wall, dormant. "That's his, and it stays on his favorite channels every day. He's been a great deal of trouble, a belligerent child, always demanding toys."
The heat in the room magnified. The sweat infected my neck and back.
What even-
Mazin rolled his eyes and muttered, "Oh, for Christ's sake. You know it's true, don't act haughty."
Mazin had spoken to the trinket.
The great Demon Allegiance Lord Mazin talked to an inanimate object.