
This was different, though.
Carmi should have gone with her. But, damn it, there would have been no one to patch up his fat target of a lame-ass brother.
No one to take care of him.
But if something happened to Kali, who would take care of her? Carmi didn't know if she could find her way back home from here, from this unfamiliar territory.
Frustration welled up and curses flooded his mouth. He scrubbed his face with his bloodied knuckles, an attempt to not slam his fists against the sink and shatter everything down to the wall.
Then, a strange sound snapped him to the present. A scrape. He sat straight up, ears perked.
Shuffling.
It was so muted, so muffled. It wasn't close—but it wasn't far.
It was right outside the house, seemingly in the backyard.
Right next to where Toivo and Rosette waited.
He scrambled to his feet and flew downstairs. Everything was as he had left it, nothing had changed, but then he crossed into the kitchen.
Bodies tackled him down to the floor.
His chest hit the linoleum and his teeth clashed and a cry left him. He couldn't even begin to struggle. The arms that pinned him were too strong—beyond human strength.
Demons.
From the corner of his eye, he saw both Rosette and Toivo caught in similar positions, young men and women in black, trapping them in binding. Carmi lifted his chin just as a single pair of boots stopped short of his face. Her distinctly human scent wafted down to him even before he peered up at her. She was a girl no older than her teens, lanky yet toned, petite, her earthy hair restrained into a ponytail so tight that it must have given her a facelift.
She considered him with mossy eyes, lower lip jutted out. "That's him. Let's pack them up and get the fucking fuck out of here."




(Copyright © 2013 Sarah Godfrey. Please alert the author at keyboardsmashwriters@gmail.com if you are seeing this work posted in full outside of SarahandVictoria on Wattpad.)

[For more information about Dance in Shadow and Whisper, check out MarionettesandMonsters on Tumblr and Blogspot! You can also find all recent books in the series on Amazon, both paperback and Kindle versions.]
