
I peeked between my fingers at the display of handguns. Sweat surged to my palms and my heart slammed my chest and I squeezed my eyes shut against Solara aiming at Lio. It was hard to breathe in here. It was hard to hold myself steady.
Yuuhi had sent us to a gunsmith when the last thing I wanted to ever see again was another gun.
I blinked away Solara, but when I glimpsed the firearms again, a flash of that night blinded me. The gleam of structured metal, of precise craftsmanship perfect for killing, was forever burned into the backs of my eyelids, and the explosion of gunpowder in the chamber was still so clear in my head that I could see it, the ripples of the sound barrier, and it turned into dads again with bullets in their heads, and I lost my balance and gripped the counter with sweaty fingers.
I'd never be able to look at a gun again.
A soft whistle caught my ear. A gentle voice, beckoning me.
My eyes ticked to the front door, shut and locked up, but when I rounded the counter with my legs shaking and made my way toward it, the whistle split my ears. A tiny bit of air slipped beneath the door, and I was sure I'd never notice such a thing normally. I couldn't stop myself when my hands lifted and I twisted the lock and doorknob. The bell tinkered when I stepped out onto the concrete stoop, and the humid air of September collected dew on my face and pushed back my hair.
The clouds had made a resurgence in the sky, towers of innocuous white fluff that soared higher and higher, promising yet another storm.
"Do you understand now?"
Amon stood beside me, arms folded again, leaning his weight against the wall as the shocking gold of his eyes dissected the sky. "It's always been inside you."
"What has?"
"The wind. When he speaks, you hear him. When he shifts, you shift as well. You orient yourself around him, and soon, he'll orient himself around you."
Doubt blocked my airways, but I recalled the night when the match had first struck the fuse, when Carmi and I had scoped out the house—when I had heard the wind shouting at me to race back outside. "What are you supposed to be, exactly? The embodiment of my newfound schizophrenia?"
A single big shoulder raised and fell. "I'd say I'm more useful than a simple figment of your imagination."
"You're just as annoying."
"How would you know? Been speaking to many invisible people recently?"
My teeth grinded. The fire in my stomach spread to my chest and turned my hands to fists. "I just want some control back in my life, and you're—you're—you're this stigma that's taking away the last thing I have any sort of grip on."
"And what's that?"
"My sanity."
The curl of his smirk only sprinkled more fuel into my wildfire, and as the flames blazed up my throat, his shoulders rolled with another easy shrug. "Then you are exactly where you need to be. Let everything go, make the plunge, and learn what it feels like to freefall and have nothing holding you back."
The door popped open. Elliot's face appeared, brow wrinkled and lips tight and glasses crooked.
He must have thought I meant to follow through with what I'd said, that the way to protect my brothers was to leave them.
And Amon had essentially told me to do just that.