
"Ah." He checked Kali, who wasn't quite present, staring at something very intently that Toivo couldn't see. "If...it's not too much of a burden. Might make explanations a bit more...comfortable."
Carmi grinned. "Toivo likes comfort."
Toivo dragged Carmi behind him. It was easy to eclipse the little punk.
She didn't catch his remark, but instead had also noticed Kali. Her eyes regarded Kali with a subtle note of curiosity, but then she snapped back to the present and looked around her cozy shop. "Right. Let's, ah—no, it's not comfortable back there. Here. Upstairs." She beckoned them to follow her as she rounded the counter and a few ammunition display shelves to another little hallway. She called out, "El! Keep an eye out!"
A man's voice resonated from the deepest pit of the shop. "What?"
Without bothering to answer, she led the three of them to a set of carpeted stairs. They climbed, the wood groaning beneath their conjoined weight. When she reached the landing, she swung open a door and they found themselves outside a kitchen. Air filtered in through the open windows, the morning light glinting off a stove and microwave and fridge and other appliances that couldn't have been newer than the eighties. But it was homey here. Lived in.
A cat darted from a food bowl tucked away at the corner, another cat leaping from a kitchen chair, both vanishing as cats do, but a sand-colored miniature Chihuahua came forward with a waggling tail and brown saucer eyes.
She scooped up the rat dog and held it in her arms as she brought them into an adjoining living room, just as homey as the kitchen with all the usual staples of a living room: a couch, two reclining chairs, an area rug beneath a coffee table, and a television set. Yet, Toivo couldn't buff away the thought that the subtle patterns, the design and pale colors, screamed Yuuhi.
"Sit down," she said. "Make yourselves comfortable—do you need anything to eat? Drink? No one's hurt, right?" Her gaze scanned the three of them more thoroughly.
Kali was the only actual injured one, but she helped herself to the couch and eased into the cushions on her own just fine. Toivo slid the backpack carefully from his shoulder as Carmi sniffed around. "No," Toivo said. "It's okay, we're fine."
When the words sank into her frazzled brain and Toivo joined his sister, she nodded and dropped into a seat in the closest recliner with the shivering dog in her lap. Then she inhaled through her nose and released a sigh, burning away some of her tension. "Sorry, this just doesn't normally happen. Who are you guys, and what exactly is going on?"
Carmi wandered into the kitchen to explore the cupboards. Toivo eyed him as he said, "We didn't....We don't want to cause any trouble. I...er, we needed a place to hide, so we asked Yuuhi, and he sent us to you."
The mention of Yuuhi stopped her. She sat utterly still, eyes wide on Toivo, as if he had just slapped her with the worst insult.
Animation didn't find her again until footsteps carried up the stairs and the door cracked open. Toivo caught a glimpse of another man, a human from the smell and the especially scrawny looks of him. Typical blond hair, blue eyes, tan-resistant white skin. He studied them through a pair of crooked glasses, then peered in Carmi's direction. He said, "Okay," to no one in particular and closed the door to descend the stairs.
"Don't mind him," she said, coal-smudged fingers guiding her hair behind her ear. "He's more than harmless. Listen, trouble's not a problem. Of course I'll hide you. You're welcome as long as you need it."