
Not entirely convinced, Toivo faced forward again. I allowed the professor to review binomials and trinomials for a few idle minutes before I casually reached down and flattened the note against my thigh. ‘You don’t need to thank me for doing as ordered.’
His script was an artful, forward-slanting design of mastered loops and elegantly crossed t’s, handwriting that I only ever saw Rajy use nowadays. It made my letters look more like notches in my cell wall, counting the days of imprisonment.
Another moment passed, and then I braved smoothing the paper against my notebook and writing, ‘Yes, I do.’
My hand shot out and dropped the paper on his desk. The movement caught Jason’s eye this time, but he pretended not to watch.
He pretended.
Just as Toivo pretended he didn’t notice this time either.
For the remainder of class, we toiled on about the language of numbers. When the bell signified freedom, Yuuhi snuck to my side and pressed the paper into my palm. On the way down the hall to history, Yuuhi made another grand show of plucking at the taut strings of Toivo’s patience. He officially introduced Toivo to Jason as my real non-brother, which answered my question as to whether or not Yuuhi had heard me own up to our actual identities.
In that moment, I stole a peek of the paper in my palm.
‘You’re welcome.’

#

Trying to apologize to Jason was failing, but Yuuhi was too good at getting Jason to warm up to us—or pissing the hell out of him. Whichever the case, Yuuhi lured him into talking to us whenever he could.
By lunchtime, however, when the three of us grabbed our table outside in the gusty winds and the darkening sky, Jason took a seat across from me, hair flying in his face, and said, “Question.”
A moment of panic passed between the three of us.
“Is it true,” he said, “that your two courts agreed with the Truman administration about dropping the bombs on Japan?”
I stared at him. The other two exchanged similar perplexed looks before I pushed out, “Is…Is this because of what I said yesterday?”
“Yeah. I read that part in the textbook and looked it up myself to see what the actual facts were. It says Mazin and Cassius sided with Truman. Is that true?”
Toivo lifted his hand, displaying the bulbous glamour ring that clung to his finger like a serpent, or a garden snail. “Well, there were a lot of hard politics involved.”
Jason glanced between us all with a face of, ‘That’s so painfully obvious, why would you bother saying that?’ and he said, “Okay.”
The expression was not lost on Toivo. He pursed his lips. “You’re going to find often through this course that Mazin sides with the human government. A number of these times will be at the very last second, the ‘eleventh hour’, a phrase I’m still sick of. It’s not in the benefit of our people to criticize or fray ties with humans, after all. We’re a lot fewer. We rely on larger populations to protect us.” He rested his arm against the table and the wood groaned with his weight. “So, yes, he publicly supported Harry, after the bombs were dropped, after Harry made his speech to the public, but if you look carefully at his address, you’re going to find a lot of precise language that can be interpreted otherwise.”