
I planted my elbows on the table and lifted my hands. "Look, that's all we know about what happened. There's obviously more to it, because a smart guy like Ares wouldn't just let Amon destroy him, right? A genius of war strategy doesn't blindly rush into a fight that he has a good chance of losing."
His brain took a moment to wrap around the mystery of it. All I had to do was transform it into a game and his panic ebbed. His voice fell to a murmur. "So...if there's an Ares reincarnation, there must be an Amon reincarnation."
I nodded. "But we don't know who he is yet. He could be any demon, but until he reawakens into his power—"
"Reawakens."
"Yes. You've got power too, they've said. Amon was the sun and he wielded it, and Ares had the power to move the earth."
His face collected every ounce of doubt in his body. "This is sounding more and more farfetched, do you realize that? I think this is a big hoax. Really. The Alliance and the Allegiance officials have run out of things to do. How can they even know about all of this, anyway?"
"I don't know the answer to that, to be honest."
The confliction in his face hardened. "And how am I exactly going to 'reawaken'?"
I made to speak—but a click silenced us.
The deadbolt of the front doors.
Real fear took over him, and in a fraction of a second he leapt to his feet. The front door popped open. In the same voice from last night, softer than a whisper, he said, "Go out the back door."
The automatic order-following Kali kicked in. I dashed to the door, quieter than the flutter of his voice, and he made for the portal into the hallway. I cupped the lock on the slider door with my hand to mask the click as I snapped it, and, as quietly as I could, I slid the door open inch-by-inch. The wind outside had died down. The rain fell in a curtain, slapping the pavement, but not louder than his mother when she asked in the hallway, "Why is there water on the floor?"
Water?
Oh, hell. I'd left wet footprints behind when I had entered. Droplets glimmered on the kitchen floor.
"Sorry," he said, a tremor in his voice. "I must not have dried my feet on the mat well enough—"
"These aren't your feet."
Her footsteps picked up, sharper now, a staccato to her heels like a gunshot in the night.
Move, Kali.
I had to get my body to move, to slide outside and leave, but I wouldn't budge when my gaze landed on the sandwiches atop the table, paired with the separate glasses of water. His blasted mom would deduce as soon as she stepped into the kitchen that Jason had had company, and then what?
He was afraid of her. Terrified, even. It was a fear that had been instilled in him, something that had fermented, perhaps all his life.
Defiance roiled up inside me, a surge of boiling water about to bubble over the surface. I slid the door shut, masking the sound of the rain, and stepped outside the light just in time for his mother to swing into the kitchen and find the uneaten food sitting on the table.
She was young, her face nearly seamless, the foretelling lines of age masked in makeup, long hair as black as his and draped around her shoulders in perfect coils despite the humidity. They shared the same eyes, the lightly-steeped tea, framed in chocolate eye-shadow, and they shared the same swell of cheekbones and lips. There was no doubt that she was his mother, and that she, dressed in a frilly blouse and a skin-tight pencil skirt with her heels, was the owner of this house.