
Lio dropped to his knees and propped Rajy against the wall beneath the stairwell. Rajy grimaced, eyes screwed shut, and his head rolled against the plaster in a way that scared me down to my core.
The standard fluorescent lights flickered above. The low hum of air through the spiral of stairs made my ears feel like I had cotton jammed inside, but it couldn't block the choked, wheezing gasps for air of a drowning man.
I fell to my knees beside them. My eyes did a sweep of Rajy's red-soaked shirt, and upon the second sweep, I counted three bullet holes. Two in his chest. One in his stomach. His lungs creaked with every slow, stunted gasp. His chest shuddered like the engine of an old car that revved and revved and wouldn't start.
The adrenaline cleared the fog from my brain. Horror. It set in hard and fast and I choked on fistful after fistful of air.
And yet Lio was so calm. So steady. His hand lifted and rested against Rajy's forehead, and when the slits of Rajy's straining eyes shifted to his brother, they held each other's gazes in the loudest silence I had ever known.
They could speak to each other without saying a word. They could communicate feelings, phrases, and worlds that I'd never seen, and in that moment, as Lio's hand drifted down to Rajy's shoulder and squeezed, in that moment, as Rajy hefted up his arm and hooked his shaking fingers around Lio's wrist, my brain screamed at me to stop them.
"Kali."
My head snapped to Lio.
"We'll need to make our way through this building to the main street. Check the perimeter. Make certain it's clear."
No.
No, I couldn't leave Rajy here as he sputtered on his own blood, as rivulets of crimson spilled down his lip and chin and neck, as the color left his flesh and he turned to ice—as the life drained out of him right in front of me. I couldn't leave him here, in such agony.
Such calm agony.
Both of them were so composed. I couldn't stand it.
"Kali." Lio grabbed my arm and jerked me back to him, to his hard face and wide eyes. "I need you to do this, do you understand? I've got Rajy. I'll take care of him. Go." He shoved me away, relentless, but it was enough momentum to get me going, to propel my gears into animation again, to electrify my legs.
I scrambled on all fours, the world tilting on a watery axis when I tried to regain my balance. I threw my shoulder against the door at the foot of the stairs and flew into what must have been the back of an apartment lobby. Empty.
I should have moved soundlessly. I should have remembered stealth. I should have remembered all the training I'd had all my life, and yet when I needed it most, all of it left my arsenal. I was any average demon caught in a maddening struggle to survive, to save my father, and maybe I was hoping I'd find our assailants hiding in the vacant lobby. Maybe I was hoping I could throw myself at them and rip them apart for what they did—
And then I heard it.
A single gunshot in the stairwell.
I twisted, abandoning the need for oxygen, invisible fists pounding against a barrier in my brain that kept me from registering what I'd heard.
A string inside me snapped.