
The other.
I hated the sound of that. It made my skin burn and my teeth clench.
I shook myself out of it. “So, at any second, one side could possibly make a move, and Yuuhi and I are right in the middle with Jason.”
The crinkle returned to his brow. Another car flashed past. The windows of upper-scale houses glimmered like starlight from between the trees. “I’m not fond of this all either, Kali, and you know Rajy most certainly isn’t. But the whims of fate have left very little decision-making in our hands. That right, as it most often does, goes to Cassius.”
The name caused my fingers to clench until nails dug into my palms. Instead of cursing him up and down as I would around Toivo or Carmi, I swallowed the rising bile and instead asked, “Lio, was I…really the right choice for this mission? Being how unsophisticated I am in modern ways?”
“Unfortunately, I do believe you were.”
After another twenty minutes of strolling, the moon in transit as it climbed the sugared dome of the sky, we reached the part of the road that divided, and he stopped and turned to me. “I shall see you back home in a few hours, then. Don’t dawdle too long, and be on your guard. Rajy doesn’t suspect the other side is paying so much attention quite yet, but we can’t predict when that will change.”
I nodded. “I know.”
“And make sure you keep to the correct side of the road. Motorists fly down these roads nowadays, and you never know if they’re truly in control.”
“Okay.”
“Don’t stop to talk to the neighbor’s dogs either, understand? You need to make curfew if you don’t want a compromising case of lethargy tomorrow during your classes. It’s pertinent that you maintain decent grades to ‘fly under the radar’, as the Americans say.”
“Okay.”
Finally out of things to say, he squeezed my shoulder—leaving streaks of charcoal behind—nodded again, and started down the road that looped back around home. I waved him off before I turned down my own street.
The silence pervaded—or, the near silence. The night was alive with an orchestra of chirping and croaking, but to me, this was silence.
Movement caught my eye. A group of deer grazed at the edge of a fancy home’s yard of nonnative grass, and the deer took no notice of me as I rounded the bend. That was one of the houses I frequented during my watches. I’d told Yuuhi that I wasn’t allowed to have a television, but I hadn’t told him that I didn’t watch it. I’d often kill time, peeking through the windows with my natural voyeuristic skill. That family in particular watched talent competitions and animated movies about cars and princesses and talking fish.
The house across the street, like clockwork, had the news on so that I could get the only glimpses I’ve ever had of Pittsburgh, less than an hour’s drive from here, the superhuman capital of the world.
But tonight I had something else to watch over with the same voyeuristic skill. Rajy had honed our stealth, and I didn’t mind watching a moving picture and listening to the faint voices through the glass, but watching real people doing real people things was not my modus operandi. I’d rather pick the dirt out from between my toes, and that could take hours.
Another fifteen minutes later, after dodging a raccoon and stopping at one of the houses to talk to the two chained dogs who slobbered with joy, I made it to Jason’s house. The estate sat nestled in the rising bend of the road, against a hill, so that I could see it as I descended. At two stories tall, I’d only ever noticed a couple lights on at a time, always the same two rooms. Big homes like these always supported big families, and yet, as I took my first step onto the white gravel driveway between the towering trees, I realized that this was one of the few houses that I never saw anyone—