
Of course. How could I not? He was the quiet genius, the master of strategy and war, and he didn't even know it.
And, for now, the only one who was absolutely sure of what he was was me. I wondered if part of Toivo's reasoning for challenging him was to disprove that fact. Perhaps he had been told to. Perhaps that was why he had joined this mission.
Because I couldn't handle it on my own.
Our instructor came up to the middle line, placed his lips around his whistle, and pierced the air with a single blow. Bodies animated and voices called out and one ball after another launched into the two crowds. Jason was right. Everyone aimed at where they would have a better chance of hitting someone, and as girls squealed, rubber impacted the slowest of the lot.
Toivo and Yuuhi had separated. Toivo had taken a position somewhere out of sight, possibly near the back, where a patch of chaos broke out. Yuuhi remained closer to the front in a position similar to us. As soon as our eyes met, the corner of his mouth curled into a lopsided smirk and he pointed a finger at me.
At me.
I bristled.
When one of our teammates hurled a ball at the opposing cluster, Yuuhi glided right in, catching the assault, reeling half an inch from the impact, and then he made plainly for me. Right in the open.
I still couldn't reclaim my jaw from the floor. "The hell is that jackwagon doing?"
"So," Jason's hand swooped toward him, "go get him."
I didn't need to be told twice. I pushed off the ball of my foot and charged for him in return, his arm winding up to ready the pitch. I was deeply insulted that, after yesterday, he thought he could throw anything that I wouldn't be able to catch. What a roll of used toilet paper he was.
He swung. The ball sailed for me, and my hands stretched out to catch it.
And then something caught my attention from the corner of my eye. A blur of color emerged from the school of fish and launched a second ball at me.
I was stupid.
Instinct set in. My heart leapt and I twisted and ducked in one swift move. The first ball sailed over my shoulder. The second one hissed past my side. I had to swallow my heart back down my throat as Toivo grinned at me from his spot across the court, a laugh in his face that I wanted to make him eat.
The thunk of hollow rubber making solid impact feet behind me started me back to the game. I whirled around, expecting Jason to be out for the count from Yuuhi's shot.
He wasn't.
The ball had landed solidly in his palms, and it even knocked him back a step, but the thrill of the game never left his eyes. He tossed the ball overhead to the teammates waiting outside the line, and one of them caught it with a whoop and smashed it into a nearby opponent. The instructor called the victim out.
I realized then that Jason knew Toivo and Yuuhi would team up to take me out as soon as possible. He'd known and he'd put himself in the exact position to catch Yuuhi's ball and turn it against them.
He-
He had used me for-
I dodged another ball and stomped up to him. "You used me for bait, you jerk!"
He remained alive and alert with adrenaline, unable to hide his little smile. "I used you for bait because I knew you'd be able to dodge. If I lose you this early in the game, then I lose the entire game-catch this."
I turned toward an oncoming ball and scooped it out of the air. In half a second, I knocked someone out.