

Emotional outbursts. I wasn’t used to them.

Of all things, the corner of his mouth twisted into a lopsided smirk. “Good. I’m finally glad to hear you utter some sense about this, because I was beginning to get the feeling that you didn’t have an appropriate grasp of the situation. I’m glad you do. Unfortunately, Tails,” his smirk faded and his posture shifted, “I don’t think you were chosen correctly for this. Quite honestly, I’m starting to think that I was recruited for a practical joke now that I see you’re lacking in all the skills you need for this.”

More rocks lodged into my esophagus, but none of them stopped me from blurting, “I don’t think I was the right choice either.”

There.

It was out in the open.

We both knew I was a mistake, that this mission was completely over my head, that I couldn’t handle the pressure or the stress of acting like something I was hardly familiar with.

“But,” I interjected before he could speak again, “I’m not useless, and I refuse to be taken as anything but seriously, especially by you.”

Startled, his spine straightened and he considered me. That moment didn’t last very long when he shook his head and turned away. “Go home, Kali.”

I knew that I didn’t have the appropriate training for something of this magnitude, that I could barely comprehend how deep into the water I was sinking, but the one thing he had yet to learn was to never turn his back on me.

Never.

My hand sliced the air, less than a blur to the normal eye, and I seized his wrist and twisted. It took half a second to pin his arm behind his back. His spine arched to keep me from popping the joint out of his shoulder socket or crushing every muscle and tendon and bone in his fragile wrist. A grunt escaped him, letting me know that I had made my point. But I hadn’t. Not yet. I wanted him to dangle at my mercy until I made my point most effectively, and I could take my time when the cars and other teens that passed would think us nothing more than a pair caught in an intimate gesture.

Like hugging, or something. That was fairly intimate.

From between my teeth I hissed, “I am not a joke. And I won’t be treated like one. I might not understand drag or Sixteen magazine or ‘trendy’ things, but if I really wanted you to tell me, I know a hundred ways to force you to talk, and then you wouldn’t think my hair so pretty anymore.”

At first his response was silence, and I approved of that. It meant I’d made him reconsider me as a threat, and he needed to know that I was a threat, because I most certainly was a threat—

“How many of us have you actually killed, Kali?” he asked.

Killed?

He wanted to know how many I’d…?