
She spread her arms in a 'come at me, bro' manner as she backed away. "Then why haven't they done it already?"
That was a good question, and he had no answer to give. Cassius wasn't one to obey treaties or armistices, or any other papers of mutual understanding or 'agree to disagree' terms. At least, he knew how to find other ways to accomplish his goals. Cassius knew how to put on the appropriate face for the public and stick his fingers into the lives of others to do his ugly business for him.
But this, in fact, was out of character for him.
If even Kali knew that, then perhaps she wasn't as ignorant of the modern world as it seemed.
Before she could disappear between the trees, Yuuhi gathered up his strength and shouted, "Hey, tomorrow, when he puts up his barrier to keep you out, break into it. Don't let him push you away."
She stopped and peeked over her shoulder at him. She knew who he was talking about, and she knew exactly what he was suggesting.
When she did continue on and vanish into the Pennsylvania wilderness, he wormed his phone from his pocket and sent a text to Lio.

#

That night, Rajy scolded me for being reckless, fed me, and then let me head off to bed. I said nothing to Toivo in passing, and didn't spare him a glance either. If he wanted to say something, I didn't give him the chance to. I shut my bedroom door before he could cough up any sounds.
I followed the same routine the next morning, awaking before the light of day to take care of homework and prepare for school. The rain had started overnight and continued to saturate the ground until sunrise.
Carmi filled the silence of the breakfast table with his memories of the seven-year-old girl who had once lived next door. He had been thinking of her, and it gnawed at my heart as I listened. By now, she'd be seventeen, and although he had been seventy-nine when he'd known her, his body hadn't reached puberty, and consequently neither had his mind. Their friendship was honest and pure, and I knew a part of him still expected to grow up and be seventeen with her.
He wouldn't.
Not in time for her, anyway.
Later, the three of us packed into Toivo's truck. Yuuhi looked better. I wanted to be glad that his flesh had returned to his healthy hue of white with flush in his cheeks, his eyes not so black anymore, but I knew it was at the expense of someone's blood.
Carmi fed on a special type of synthetic replacement. Feeding on people was considered almost entirely illegal, and yet I could smell the human blood in Yuuhi's system. I wondered where he had gotten it.
During the first four classes, Jason managed to stay awake, but he still refused to look at me. By history, even Yuuhi was fed up with waiting for me to brave Jason's rejection. He ticked his head in a, 'Come on, just get it over with,' sort of way.
No.
In fact, no, no, no. I knew when I wanted to do it, and now wasn't the right time.
It was lunchtime.
When the bell rang, Toivo approached me, but I spoke first, and it was the first time I had actually looked at him since yesterday. "I'm going to take care of something." And then I left. He could depend on The Blonde to comfort him and his bruised cheek-which had already turned yellow, thanks to the magnificence that was demon speed-healing.
After I made it to the cafeteria, I spotted Jason taking a seat at the nest table with his fellow nest mates. I smoothed down my pigtails and my shirt, another Solara fitted blouse with a lower neckline, and then I realized this was a mating tactic-preparing myself to look nice before I approached the male in question. I slapped my arms back to my sides with fire in my cheeks. As I headed toward him, I imagined a wind-up toy with wailing mechanical gears.