
I remained so still, so silent that I became part of the background, like the furniture swathed in the shadow. She didn't notice me, and neither did Jason as he reluctantly followed in her footsteps, fingers fidgeting with his sleeves.
She whipped around to face him and he flinched. Fury tightened her features, twisted what should have been a handsomely beautiful face, strong yet smooth, into something ugly. "Who was here?"
He wouldn't look her in the eye. "A friend from school."
"Are you lying to me?"
"No."
"Then you're not telling me the whole truth." She took a step toward him and he flinched again. "Do you think I wouldn't be able to tell when you're hiding something from me? Do you? I've raised you, I'm your mother, you can't hide things from me. Look at me!"
He wouldn't. He focused hard on the far corner of the kitchen, and when the animosity in the air mutated into something darker, she snapped and grabbed his jaw, forcing him to look at her. My hands coiled into fists, fingertips burning.
Hysteria edging in on her voice. "I've done everything I can for you, don't you understand? I gave up your father, I've given you a home, and I make sure you have everything you need. Why can't you be honest with me? You're only hiding this 'friend' because it's someone you have to hide, isn't it? Someone you don't want me to know about, not a school friend, not anyone from school. Who is it?"
No words left his lips. His hands shook at his sides and his heart beat so hard that I could feel it in my own chest. His sweat and his terror stung my nose, shifting the chemistry in my body until my blood felt like acid in my veins. I wanted to hurt her.
Her voice plummeted to a low growl when she asked, "Was this person human?" She gauged his lack of reaction. "Hm? Were they?"
Trapped in the vice of her hand, he shook his head. Whatever grip she had contained on her temper shattered. She yanked back her arm only to slap him hard against the cheek. He staggered, she pursued him, and her voice flared into a scream, "What's the matter with you? You know you're never allowed to bring any monster inside this house, ever! It's the one thing I ask you, the one thing, and you spit in my face and put us both in danger? Look at me!"
His head finally swung around, and saturating the fear in his reddened face was a fresh wave of wildfire. His voice cracked as he shouted, "She's not a monster! And she's no more of a danger than you are to me—"
Her arm cut the air a second time, and the back of her hand struck his face again. He reeled from the impact with a grunt, staggering a step, hitting the wall, and she chased him with teeth gritted and eyes wide, deranged, chest heaving for air, face contorted with inexplicable fear, as if she were afraid she was losing him to something. Her arm raised again, ready to strike him a third time.
My hand wrapped around her wrist and twisted. She shrieked, a sound that tickled my ears and fluttered in my chest in ways I wasn't used to. My other palm landed against the valley between her shoulder blades and shoved her away. She hit the island in the middle of the kitchen and spun, and there was the same real fear as she looked at me, the same fear Jason revealed when only hearing the door unlock.
I didn't say anything. I didn't have to. My very presence screamed any insult or threat I could have spoken, and his mother sobbed from the very sight of me, a normal-looking girl, standing in her kitchen, between her and her son.