
Carmi's face tightened. "How long are you going to make us wait, then?"
She shook her head again.
He wanted to push her. He wanted to shove some sense into her. How could it possibly be so hard to tell him and Toivo? Why did she have the right to do this to them?
No, Carmi.
These thoughts only infected him because he had stopped moving. He needed to keep moving. He needed to keep distracted. Directing any ounce of his fury at Kali was like...displacing the blame of their fathers' deaths on her.
But he was mad. He was so mad. It was such a confiscating feeling that it numbed his better senses and pockmarked his judgment with cinders. Being upset with her, it somehow made him feel better. Being upset with the fact that she wouldn't open up to him, that she kept secrets, and that she was the motherfucking reincarnation was the easy, uncomplicated route.
Yet he sat beside her, and he held her, and he didn't speak to her because he didn't want any of that to come out.
When they reemerged from the bathroom, they claimed their seats at the deathly silent table and endured a cold dinner. After the leftovers had been stowed away and the dishes cleaned and wiped dry and replaced in the cupboards, they decided on beds. Carmi and Toivo took the spare guest room, and Ave welcomed Kali into hers.
Why the three of them couldn't cram into the same bed again, Carmi didn't ask. The two rooms were only down the hall from each other, but what if something happened in the night? The stark fissure that divided him and Toivo from Kali would only take one good quake, and then she would be gone.
#
Ave's warmth was the safety blanket that I needed as I laid there, stiff on my back, the light blanket pulled up to my chin. I stared up at the dark ceiling, eyes so wide it hurt.
The darkness would never feel the same. After hearing its cry, after the way it pleaded for me to stop its punishment, it was alive in my mind. Dormant, but alive.
Exhaustion had sucked the strength out of my body. Everything ached down to my bones. Her pillow was soft, but the back of my head persisted with dull pain and the sense that a big-rig had parked its back tire right on my skull. But every time I forced my eyes to close, I saw Rajy, and I saw Lio, and I saw Solara, and I saw every nightmare that plagued me even in my waking hours.
There would be no sleep tonight.
Or any night.
I'd lay awake forever just to make sure the nightmares never ensnared me.
Wind rolled inside from Ave's window, carrying the grungy scent of the city and the balmy fragrance of an approaching storm. The gunfire and the crunching metal of the car and the screams of the tires fell away when I concentrated on the twirl and dance of the wind across my face.
Ave stirred beside me. A low noise left her as she rolled onto her back. I didn't think much of it, not until sticky sweet pheromones and lust prickled at my sinuses. She was having a nice dream. A very nice dream. A sexy dream, in fact.
My heart picked up and I became very aware of her body and its proximity to mine, but then...I...realized...
Damn it, Amon.
He had crawled into her sexy dream.
In fact, he was probably the one who had made her sexy dream. I wasn't sure how I knew this, but I did, and I wished I didn't.
I suppressed a groan and peeled the sheet from my body. Ave was a lighter sleeper than my brothers, so I had to move lithely and silently to her door. Once in the hallway, I didn't know what to do with myself. What could I possibly do?