
Rajy flexed his conjoined fingers as he pondered to himself, red-hot eyes grilling the desktop. “Have you made for some sort of platonic companionship with him quite yet?”
“Um…I…”
“He already suspects what you are, then.”
I shrunk. “Y-Yeah…”
“Ah. So he suspects your counterpart as well.”
I nodded.
Lio clapped his hands together. “Well, brilliant! I suppose then it should have been obvious that you can’t outsmart an inherent genius, can you? Even if he’s only freshly seventeen.”
Rajy reclined into his chair, which tilted back with his weight. “I don’t suppose, Kali, if you know whether or not he’s aware of his own oddities.”
I shook my head. “I don’t know yet.”
“Very well. I’m inclined, then, to send you out on a neighborhood patrol this evening, and to make your round over to his house.”
I sat straight up. “What!” Neighborhood patrol was when I or Toivo or Carmi would walk the borough at night, making sure no dangerous superhumans, like Yuuhi’s people, attacked. I’d only tracked and came across a few in my lifetime—usually they were neophytes who didn’t know what they were doing. “But I just had a really hectic day, and all I want is some rest and relaxation and to—to shower, really. I want a shower. I feel like all the sticky chemicals are still attached to me, and the pheromones and hormones. Those are the worst.”
Rajy nodded. “Then I shall reward you that shower. But you are to do as I told you either way.”
“Rajy. Rajyyyy.”
Lio joined in. “Oh, come off it, Rajy. Don’t be a prat.”
Together, our whining created a beautiful melody to which Rajy was unaffected. He remained as sure as steel, never yielding for a heartbeat. “I am very much a prat. There was never a question about it.”
That was not a lie.
After I was granted my shower, and after supper and dinner and telling everyone at the dining table how grossly unimaginative the pamphlet for the species class was, I pulled on my flexible clothes, concealed knives to my body, and wondered if Jason had already somehow figured out that I was coming.
[For more information about Dance in Shadow and Whisper, check out MarionettesandMonsters on Tumblr and Blogspot!]