
He knew to give them that much.
No words were exchanged as he eased down to the ground and rested his back against the tree. He had deteriorated to the point that his skeletal frame felt as solid as rubber, his joints tar, and his flesh cheap silk. Allowing himself some overdue rest did little, like trying to catch a vase when it had already shattered against the ground.
He studied her, drawn together tight in an egg-shape, as if she were trying to will a shell around her against the unknown world. He recognized the same effort when she dodged between and around the kids at school. It wasn't that she was afraid of them, he knew. It was that she was afraid of herself around them.
She had been taught to be afraid of herself.
The hardness of her gaze never dwindled. She held as still as the rocks around. She wasn't going anywhere, so Yuuhi allowed his heavy lids to fall shut, and he relaxed.
He didn't remember falling asleep.
All he knew was jolting awake to a swift and debilitating stab in the meat of his shoulder. A cry powered its way up to the back of his clenched teeth, eyes flying open and vision adjusting to the near darkness much slower than it should have.
Thankfully he realized it was only Kali hovering over him, her hand attached to the hot spot on his shoulder. His fingers eased off the gun tucked away at the small of his back.
She receded to his feet. "S-Sorry. I thought it would've healed by now. It should have, shouldn't it?"
She would have to wait for that answer. The shockwaves of pain rippled from the puncture wounds she had squeezed like a sponge. A beaten up, overused sponge, at that. But that wasn't even the worst of it.
It was the smell of her blood.
She was bold with a subtle sweetness, like a dash of cream to black tea, like she could fill his empty veins with life that he had never felt before. Real life. Not empty promises.
His flesh tingled and white fog swam in and out of his vision, but he swallowed and lifted his anchor of a head from the tree. "It's...a complicated sort of conundrum, Kali. Inter-clan affairs and all that."
She didn't understand coven politics, not with those huge, dumb, impressionable eyes she aimed at him, a shade of gray that lightened and darkened with her mood. If only she could see herself. If only she knew who those sad eyes reminded him of.
He tried to sit himself more upright and failed. "Like I said, it's complicated."
She watched his unsuccessful attempts, silent. Then, with absolutely no sense of danger, she scooted up beside him and grabbed fistfuls of his shirt, lifting him and propping him more securely against the tree like a doll. "Of course. I wouldn't understand the way the real world works."
"I didn't say that. But thank you."
"You're welcome. Then what did you say?"
"Vampires don't discuss the contingency of other vampire clans."
"The last time I checked, I'm not a vampire. I know what unspoken rules are, Yuuhi, we've got them too, I just don't care." Her eyes never lost the subtle intensity that she got whenever she had decided something was important to her, like two shards of glass, secretly sharp, secretly cutting. "We're the only two out here. No one's listening to the nonsensical reasoning of your tribal dances."
A low chuckle shook his shoulders. "How would you know?"
He struck a nerve. Her face tightened and the glass in her eyes sharpened. She averted her gaze to the dim forest. "I don't."