
What was I supposed to do?
Sit and wait for someone to find us?
I ended up on the couch, tucked into the far corner, my legs pulled tight to my chest. One of the cats stirred from the cushion at the far end, only to drift off to sleep again.
If only I could go to dads. They'd know. They'd have all the answers, and even if they didn't, they'd at least know what to do.
They could at least wrap their arms around me and comfort me.
My face constricted. Tears burned my eyes. I was sick of crying, sick of doing nothing except cry and ask questions that had no answers. I was sick of Toivo pushing me away and I was sick of Carmi feeling I had done this to him.
I needed to know what to do.
"Kali...?" Ave appeared from the hallway, rubbing the dreams from her face as her sleepy feet tripped over to the couch. One clear glimpse of my face dropped her shoulders.
Guilt swelled inside me. "Oh, s-sorry, I didn't mean to wake you. I tried so hard not to, because I know you were having a...nice...dream, and I wanted you to sleep, and—"
"My nice dream can wait. It'll probably still be there later." She hesitated only briefly, and then rounded the couch to sit with me, her eyes more awake by the second as she scanned my face. "Did you have not so nice dreams?"
I swallowed and wrapped my hands around my ankles. "I can't sleep."
"Oh." She rolled her lips in and nodded before one of her arms slid around my shoulders. "I'm so sorry."
The pity made me bristle, but the last one to show me pity like this was Yuuhi, and the river flooded the dam of my teeth and words spilled. "You're the woman that Yuuhi talks about."
It was her turn to bristle. The muscles in her arm coiled up, and in her gaze alone I saw what effort it took to keep her eyes on mine. "Am I? How do you know him?"
I studied her, reading every little nuance that she had to give, and there was plenty to choose from. "He hurt you, didn't he?"
"I...guess you could call it that."
"He left you. Why did he leave you? He's still in love with you, and you're still very clearly in love with him, despite the playing you've had with Toivo."
The music of her laugh carried a nervous chime before dying a painful death. She stared down at the carpet. "Despite any the little bit of fun with Toivo, Yuuhi's not that easy to shake off. I bet you understand that by now."
I didn't know what to make of that. My toes fidgeted and I searched her face for the missing pieces to her words, something that would help me to better understand what she meant. "Yuuhi and I were pushed into teaming up to watch over Jason, who's Ares. On the very first day, he put a gun to my head and basically told me to dance."
"What a dick." Not an ounce of surprise showed on her face. "Sorry. I would have hoped he'd had better manners."
I highly doubted that.
But I wasn't surprised that she spoke of him like he still belonged to her. "He was good to me after that, though. He took me in when no one else could, and he cooked for me like I know he cooked for you, and he made me watch 'Angry Girls'."
She brightened. "Mean Girls? He had you watch that? Of course he did. It's only the best movie ever. He and I could quote that movie until the cows come home." The fervor faded away into a much smaller smile, and her eyes were far away. She didn't see us there on her couch. Instead, she was in a memory, maybe sharing the cushions with him, the two of them together. When she drifted back to the present, it was to murmur, "I'm happy he took care of you."