
The car ride was silent, but my brain buzzed with all of Solara's whispers. I couldn't stop myself before I asked, "Any news on Toivo or Carmi or Jason?"
Lio twisted in his seat with a wrinkled forehead, but it was Rajy who said, "No, Kali."
I identified the curtness in his answer, I recognized it, but I still couldn't help myself. I sat up and leaned between the two front seats. "Solara, when she started to change, she left because she learned that I was supposed to be Amon, and she couldn't keep it a secret. Right?"
"You'll always be my little sister, and I will always be your big sister."
"At least," I added, falling back against the seat, "that's what it seemed like."
Rajy's eyes glanced me from the mirror. "Are you suggesting another theory, then? And are you not wearing your lap belt?"
I stared listlessly into the brake lights of the car in front of us. The flicker of other red car lights surrounded us, filled up the cabin, and coated us in blood. "Something happened to her. You admitted that you don't know what exactly, but it was something tangible. Something very real." Something that poisoned her.
The dream, I had felt it more real than the reality that had actually happened. The blackness around her. The way her eyes bled into the shadows, or the shadows bled into her eyes. The way she touched me, and the way she felt like nothing, and everything.
"I'm going to save you. I'm going to save us both. You have to understand that everything I do has a reason."
If she had really intended to save me, why would she have tried twice to turn me?
Even after what had happened, even after everything she had done, the aching need to sit down and talk with her drove me to fidgeting. We needed to understand each other. We needed to sit on her bed and confess our thoughts on stormy nights when dads couldn't hear us staying up so late.
If only things could go back to the way they'd been.
Anxiety wound my nerves so tight that I shrank into myself. "She still says she sees me as her sister. But then why would she do this?"
Lio's face softened. He twisted again and reached between the seats, palm open. Only once I had rested my hand in his, only once he had given my fingers a firm squeeze, did he say, "Her mind is a fractured place, Kali, for whatever inexplicable reason it may be. Do not try to comprehend her logic, and for the gods' sake, don't allow her another chance to take you away from us, do you understand?"
It wasn't like Lio to demand such things. He had trouble convincing me to look both ways before I crossed a street. And although the rocks of his words were a struggle for me to swallow, I did so for him. "Okay. We don't want to test the 'third time's a charm' mantra that you're always going on about, right?"
He tried to smile. "Right."
"I'm going to save us both."
Perhaps it was my job to save us, Solara.
We pulled up to the hotel and rolled to a stop in front of the valet boy. Someone new stood at the podium, his skin pale and his eyes dark. I watched him as he looked past us, down into the copse of hardly indigenous tropical flowers and stout palms. He made a gesture with his hand. My head swerved.
Gunshots.

#
