
When I finally parted with the glass, I did a double-take of Yuuhi's knowing smirk. He tilted his head and said, "This is your first drink, isn't it?"
My brow wrinkled. I gathered up the twelve-inch stuffed sub and ripped off a bite the size of my fist. The meat juices hit my tongue and my toes splayed and my insides warmed with pleasure. I relished it. A little sound climbed up my throat as my eyes slid closed.
"At least I know I haven't lost my touch...?"
My gaze returned to him. The question in his voice betrayed the broad smirk on his face, and to cover up my moment of meat ecstasy, I washed everything down with another few gulps of wine. "I-It's...just...I don't have meat very often."
"Ah. The whole 'sustainability' factor, I see. Had I known, I wouldn't have spoiled you."
I shifted across the carpet and put about two and a half inches of extra space between us with the cheesesteak hugged between my hands, just to show him he would not be confiscating it. "And I know you're not fond of food, so why is it you've been cooking until only recently?"
"Because I'm a vampire I can't have a job cooking for a restaurant?" When I gave him the evil eye, he caved with a tired laugh and tried, without success, to wipe the fatigue from his face. "Alright, alright. I...used to live with someone who wasn't vampire and most certainly enjoyed food."
"That woman you said you don't love."
He nearly fell over himself. "I didn't say it was her."
"You didn't have to. It was her, wasn't it? You cooked for her."
The way his eyes lingered on my face, I had the tickling feeling at the bottom of my stomach that he was seeing me the way I had seen him just a moment ago. I swallowed the tickles by draining more wine.
After a bit of a reluctant breath, he eased up. "I cooked for her. We cooked together, but she wasn't much of a chef in any sense of the title. She could mince and slice vegetables and boil water and burn butter like a champion, sure. She could also open beer bottles with her teeth and grate cheese with her fingernails. But—" he laughed and shook his head, "—I'd always have to make her wipe down the counters before we even began cooking, because she'd tap her cigarette over an ashtray the size of my head, and yet I swear every fleck of ash ended up in a ring outside the ashtray—a ring about the size of the kitchen."
"That's a big ring."
"That's a very big ring. After a pack of cigarettes, the ring extended to the entire electrical grid, not to mention all the cat hair and her hair and our tenant's hair. I'd have to change clothes as soon as I stepped outside the house and do laundry once a week. At the very least, it was sweet revenge to run the sweeper. Chasing around the cats, and her, was extremely gratifying. She'd turn just as puffy as they did."
Listening to him talk about how she was more likely to filet her fingers than a steak, how she could pull apart a gun more effectively than she could pull apart a roasted chicken, all of it felt good. My danger senses relaxed as I stuffed juicy meat and gooey cheese and wine into my belly, and he spoke with such warmth and surrender that it felt as if we regularly got together and talked about things that belonged to us.
Or used to belong to us.
He stared at his arms, resting atop the table, legs folded and a soft smile idling on his lips. As soon as I blinked, however, the smile had vanished. I had devoured the sandwich with as much ravenous hunger as one of the dogs on my territory, and after I finished the last bite, I wiped down my fingers with a napkin and asked, "What happened to her?"