
A few students got a good chuckle out of that, including my three boys. I didn’t understand why. How would that get him fired?
“So, here’s the hypothesis for demons. All the way down here at the bottom, you have the very first demons, much scarier than they are today, right? Oh, be quiet. As if you guys would recognize most demons by sight, anyway. Most of their ‘odd details’ or whatever your stupid guidebook says is usually their eye color—difficult to distinguish anyway.”
I unconsciously sank into my chair as he continued. “And according to demon tradition, this form of demon ended with their last ‘deity’, so to speak, Kirin. Don’t worry, you’ll get to write up about her, I know you’re eager. So, from here sprouts the demons we know today, and scientists have found supposed links between them and vampires and weres and shifters and the yeti. There’s also some spirit animals that may or may not share a common ancestor somewhere in here, elemental beings, so on and so forth…”
The tree didn’t look like a tree by that point. It looked like the diagram of an amoeba.
But as he continued to lecture, Jason twisted in his seat and handed me a neatly folded paper. I stared at it. Waited for it to come alive. When I unfolded it, I found his chicken scratch barely legible. ‘Is it my turn to trade notes?’
A knee-jerk reaction, I couldn’t help glancing Yuuhi, and I found him casting a sideways look at it. I couldn’t tell what he was thinking.
My toes curled in my boots. The anticipation filled my stomach with a wave of massive Amazonian moths, and I leaned over the paper with the tip of my pencil ready.
Ready for what?
I gnawed on my lip, but I knew I needed to do this. If I didn’t get it out of my system, I’d suffer from a crisis of guilt for the rest of my life. So, I jotted down, ‘I’m sorry for what happened last night.’ I tried folding the paper up as neatly and precisely as he had, but it ended up lopsided and as amoebic as the professor’s tree evolution. I tapped the note to his shoulder and he accepted it back.
Toivo was aware of the note-passing, but that was because Jason didn’t bother to hide it from either of the other two. I listened to the professor lecture on about how the first vampires seemed to have crawled out from under a rock, but I wasn’t really listening to him. I heard instead the scratching of Jason’s mechanical pencil as the lead tip scraped the paper and made my caveman script look like Yuuhi’s cursive. He offered the note back, refolded and beautiful again.
‘I’m sorry for cornering you the way I did. I don’t really understand social boundaries.’
He was apologizing.
A hot feeling filled me again, but it wasn’t like my blood was boiling over into my cheeks. It surpassed my cheeks and spread to my body like laying out in the sunlight and letting the rays brown my flesh. I realized then that he hadn’t been strange with me today because he was upset with me, even though he deserved to be. He’d been acting strange because he was trying to figure out how to apologize for—for—for I didn’t even know what.
I squeezed the pencil between my fingers and wrote, ‘I might understand how that feels.’

#

In art class, the professor set out boxes and boxes of supplies and gave us the assignment of turning in one finished piece. His goal was to gather a measurable assessment of our skill and grade for progress as the year went on.