

Well, I spotted his eyes.

I wouldn’t say the rest of him was a blur, no. That wasn’t it. But the vacuum power of his eyes drew me in and I found myself sliding absently into the desk that he had reserved for me with his binder. I kept my lips tight as I said, “You left me behind. You can’t do that, it’s against the rules—”

He nailed me with a look that I translated as, ‘Shut up and pay attention.’ When his gaze slid to the boy sitting in the seat directly in front of me, I did a double-take.

Oh. Right.

My hand plunged into my pocket and I retrieved another folded paper. Once the squares were smoothed out across my lap, I studied the face of a young man. Yuuhi spazzed beside me and hissed, “Kali! You’re walking around with his picture in your pocket?”

Was that really so weird? Men carried wallets with all kinds of pictures in them all the time. Or, at least, they used to. Now everyone carried telephones with all kinds of pictures in them.

It wasn’t that weird.

I shoved the paper back into my pocket, leaned across my desk, and tapped the young man on the shoulder. Yuuhi spazzed beside me again.

The boy perked and twisted in his seat to look at me, which was when I realized I hadn’t planned on what I was going to say. Instead, I ended up staring at his inquiring face, at features that completely juxtaposed Yuuhi’s. Instead of the smooth, gentle, teasing structure of Yuuhi’s face, his features were bolder, more defined, perhaps even a bit strong for his young face. He’d probably grow into his features in a few years, and into that disheveled mess of short black hair, and then—

Yuuhi produced an unconvincing laugh as he leaned toward us. “Excuse her. This is her first year out of homeschooling, so she doesn’t exactly know how to interact in a socially acceptable way with others. Unfortunately, she chose you as her first victim.”

I stared straight ahead at that pair of hazel eyes, like tea stains on paper or the golden hue that book pages took after aging in the sun. Those alert, attentive eyes flickered to Yuuhi before landing on me again, and I felt the pressure to do something. Anything.

I extended my hand in greeting. “I’m Kali.”

Yep.

I was an awkward mess.

He glanced my splayed fingers first, and after a heartbeat, a smile made its way to his eyes. Only his eyes. He reached over and took my hand as Yuuhi slapped his palm to his face in shame. “Hi, Kali. I’m Jason.”

His fingers were soft, a shock of snow against the oak heart color of mine, but there was something sturdy in his grip, as if every finger touched me precisely the way he meant to.