
The floor outside my door shifted. I tensed, the fight or flight instinct elbowing its way into my brain, but the pair of feet moved on. It wasn't that I could hear the feet, because the three of us had been trained to always move as silently as the soft pads of cat paws against the ground. But I could sense them, a natural sensory for any form of life.
As soon as that life carried on, I snagged my brush and yanked out the hair ties. I hacked away at the snarls, filling my newly cleaned brush with enough strands to thread an ugly Christmas sweater. Instead of putting my hair back up, however, I left it down. I didn't normally leave it down, but...the girls at school did, and it looked nice, and I wanted to look nice, too.
Then I'd need more than a simple tank, wouldn't I? I eased out my drawer and peered inside. There wasn't much. Tanks, tanks, lots of tanks. Who did I ever have to impress? Why did I need nice clothes?
The closet.
Solara had donated some of her shirts to me when she'd been bored with them, but I never found any use for them, so I had stuffed them away into the closet. I slid the door open just enough to reach inside and pull out one of the few tops I still had. I hadn't touched it since she'd gifted it to me, so the silky material with its flowery pattern felt strange in my fingers.
I stripped my top in exchange for the shirt, and although I was a bit put off by the ruched sides, what really made me second guess my choice was the plunging neckline and the exposure of my chest, the soft line of cleavage that the girls at school often accentuated with all their monetary power.
Was this what looking good felt like?
Did I look anything like the girls at school now?
I turned for the window and the raw thrill pulsed through my veins again. My fingers tingled as I crawled onto the desk, popped out the screen, and slithered outside with every sense on high alert. I ducked through the mist and dove between the dripping trees as gobs of water landed on my head.
I was a wild animal, darting over the dense foliage and the toppled rotting trees and the mounds of ferns and ivy and jagger bushes and the patches of fog that moved like beasts. Fresh rain always reinvigorated the musty aromas of the forest, the wet earth and bark, and I sucked it deep into my lungs. The crunch of my feet against the overgrowth echoed like a hammer, but luckily the wind whisked all echoes far away from the house.
I reached the street, breathing hard, my hair a shawl around my shoulders and my heart shaking the walls of my chest with every impact. I inhaled the stale humidity through my nose and tested every scent, reading the pressure of the air and the rapid wind. The rain would start again. It would pour. And there was nothing to be afraid of.
I took off down the street, feet flying and arms pumping, the vision of my destination already in mind.
This was the feeling of no.
I liked it.


(Copyright © 2013 Sarah Godfrey. Please alert the author at keyboardsmashwriters@gmail.com if you are seeing this work posted in full outside of SarahandVictoria on Wattpad.)

[For more information about Dance in Shadow and Whisper, check out MarionettesandMonsters on Tumblr and Blogspot!]