
“I understand that as well.”
Toivo did not relinquish Yuuhi’s shirt for another long moment of frothy animosity, but when he did, it was tantamount to tossing a crinkled wad of paper to the floor. “Now get out.”
Yuuhi didn’t have to be told twice. He extended his arm toward me, palm up and knife still in hand. I accepted the offering and watched his body break apart into sinuous tendrils of black smoke, slipping into the shadows until he had gone. I snapped the knife shut and slid it back into my boot.
Carmi whined from the door. “You shoulda punched him a new air hole, Toivo!” He went ignored when I turned on Toivo myself, arms folded. His shoulders slouched and he looked away, bracing for impact.
“You’re in trouble, do you know that?” My chest expanded with hot air. “How did you even get in here? This place is buzzing with armed guards. One look at your silver hair, and they’d know you’re no human teenage giant at six-foot-three—”
“Did you memorize the map of the school grounds, Kali?” When I pursed my lips, he stood straighter and said, “As you had been instructed to? Do you remember Rajy telling you that? I do. And, if you had in fact memorized that map like you’d been told to, you would have figured out discreet paths between hallways that aren’t patrolled, or aren’t patrolled at all times. And, if you had studied the patrol schedules, you’d know that patrol inside the school itself is weakest at the conclusion of the school day when the teenagers flock to the parking lots—”
My hands shot into the air. “Don’t make this my fault. I’m going to tell Rajy. Actually, I’m going to tell both dads what happened, and then you’ll be in trouble.”
His jaw fell. “You will do no such thing.”
“And, I’ll tell them you brought Carmi here too.”
Carmi scowled. “Why am I being dragged into—”
Toivo very nearly dwarfed me when he stood straighter, his arms at his sides. “You don’t want me to convince you that’s a bad idea.”
“Yeah? Why not?” It was unwise to challenge him. I knew that. But having the knowledge and having the wisdom were two completely separate things, and it was safe to say that ‘wisdom’ was not a word I—
He tackled me. His hands, big and callused from the same heavy training I’d been put through and decades of even heavier labor, went straight for my ribs. I caved into giggles. I was not really the giggling type of girl, obviously, but there was this strange switch in my sensitive seratus muscles that Toivo had found, and it reduced me into a mindless giggling mess.
Really, if Yuuhi had truly wanted to subdue me, all it would have taken was a finger-poke in my side.
My defensive training broke down into slapping Toivo wherever I could. It had little effect. If I had slapped Yuuhi, however, I probably would have knocked him clear into another dimension.
Carmi cupped his hands around his mouth and called, “I’m leaving. I have more important things to do, like biomolecular engineering.”
Like biomolecular engineering.
What he meant was counting Skittles.
When Toivo granted me mercy, I collected my backpack and we snuck to the back of the school, where there happened to be an empty driveway for delivery trucks to dump their crates into storage. Hidden around the corner was Toivo’s beat-up little cobalt truck, which he had earned with his own savings and was often prone to bouts of manly pride over it. We packed into the tiny cabin and Carmi wound down his window to stick his head outside as we drove off.