
"I haven't heard anything about it," he said. "But I'm sure the Allegiance is at least in possession of their bodies."
I wasn't ready to refer to them as 'their bodies', so I scrubbed the tension from my face and continued down the hall. "I'll get to that room after."
"You don't think your answers are somewhere in there?"
"They might be, I don't know, but I want to start here first." I pushed open Lio's bedroom door. His room was the exact antithesis of his brother's. A war zone. The laundry basket had belched his pajama pants and robes across the floor, over an endless amount of paper piles and sketchbooks and crates and bins of art supplies.
As I carefully maneuvered the hazmat, Yuuhi leaned into the room and hummed to himself. "Suddenly the children of this family make a great deal of sense. Where are you going to possibly start in this mess? I do recall you mentioning something along the lines of only having a couple hours to spend here at most—yes, that did happen—and before that, I said we shouldn't stay long either—"
"I get it, alright? Quit pressuring me." I reached Lio's desk, stationed in front of his largest window, where no less than a million sketchbooks of all different shapes and sizes had been forsaken.
There was a single sketchbook, however, that wasn't like the others, placed right in the middle of the pile, and it had my name scrawled across it. I flipped the cover to the very first page.
The drawing was a very elaborately sketched arrow, complete with sigils and jagged lines not unlike a demon form. And it pointed to my right. I turned my head. His closet door. I flipped to the next page, which revealed another arrow, pointing to the right. Every page had an arrow, pointing to the right.
Subtle, even for Lio.
I shut the sketchbook, slinked to the door, and slid it open. Empty hangers jingled like wind chimes. Not a single piece of clothing hung from the rack. Instead, painting canvases had been stacked haphazardly at the bottom. I crouched, and the first painting I wriggled from the mass happened to be one of a young man, no older than me, painted in a loose-handed style. My fingertips grazed the old oil, the chemical scent burning my sinuses.
Lio didn't paint anymore. I had never seen him paint, and yet these were inarguably his.
And this young man...
The tip of my middle finger traced the familiar profile of his face. The tone of his flesh was different here, flushed and alive. His hair was still the pure white of rushing whitewater. And his eyes were so bright, so intensely blue and so crisp, he peered right through the threads of the canvas and into Lio's room with me.
My gaze lifted to the faces of the other paintings that surrounded me. They were all of this young man, of different ages, different times in his life. And the older he became, the sadder his expression. I set the painting aside and reached for the next one, the one that looked almost exactly like the man I knew today.
But, when I removed the canvas, the painting behind it caught my eye. It wasn't like the others, clearly wasn't Lio's, and had been intentionally buried deep as if to be hidden.
I reached for it, my fingers struggling with the grip on the antique golden frame, and other paintings tipped and shuddered when I finally dislodged it. "Yuuhi, can we get the light?"
"Better not." The edge of knowing in his voice did not go unnoticed as he stood guard at the doorway. "Use the screen from Carmi's phone."