
"Has it? Time flies when you're locked up."
I tucked my legs tighter to my body. "Being locked up is certainly not my area of expertise."
That hit him. He realized his misstep and cleared his throat. "It's fine, Kali. I have some above-average endurance."
"As in, you're used to starving yourself."
"I'm used to fasting."
"So, you starve yourself often."
"You make it sound like I enjoy doing it."
My fingers drummed the table. "Someone makes you do it."
Again, he realized his misstep, but this time it had nothing to do with nudging a sore spot of mine. It was a sore spot of his, just as it had been last night before he had nearly pushed me away. "I have the synthetic in the fridge," he said. "I can have it whenever I want."
"But you're not trained on synthetic." I smothered the grease along my chin with a napkin. "You feed on the living, which is illegal about ninety-nine percent of the time."
His single finger tapped against the table—stabbed against the table, really. His lips rolled in and he narrowed his eyes at me, as if contemplating whether or not to remove his eating glove and slap me across the face with it. Before he could, I asked, "You said, last night, that Jason wasn't the one who fully sucked the poison out of me. Then who did, if it wasn't you?"
The subject change pleased him, although he tried his hardest not to show it. "Cain, for one. Someone else close to him. And, I apologize profusely, but Leon."
"Leon."
"Yes."
"Leon sucked my blood."
"He did." He lifted his hands to stop me. "Now, before you rupture something and flip this table over, know that he also sucked out the venom, which means he had to deal with it in his body as well. It's not all thrills and chills to suck venom out of someone."
My head lowered. "Why couldn't you, well...you know..."
"Because there aren't many things worse that I could do to keep you secret than smell or taste like your blood."
My eyes locked with his.
That day at school, his puncture wounds, I knew a vampire had fed on him. Someone was keeping track of him, of what he fed on, and...a distant memory feathered the back of my brain. I sucked in my cheeks, hugged my knees to my chest, and asked, "Is it...your vampire parent?"
The one who had stolen his name and made him a pet.
For the third time since my stay, for the few hours I'd actually been cognoscente, I caught him completely off guard. He stared at me, his lips slightly parted, not a single string of thought playing across his face. His expression was blank, a white canvas. "Why would you think that?"
I was right.
It was his vampire parent doing this to him.
"I've heard of it before," I said. "The children are tied to the life of their parent for a certain amount of time after the change, and that amount of time depends on the age of the parent at the time of their children's change, right?" He didn't answer. I tapped my index fingers together and continued. "So...if the parent is killed before the age of maturation, the child dies too. But, there's this...unproven method to keep children permanently attached to parents and it's by..."
"Feeding on them." The staccato of his words left me wincing. "And you're also right—it is unproven."