
We climbed the oil-spattered driveway as stealthily as possible. None of the neighbors were out and about, no eyes to watch as I ripped the lockbox from the handle and popped open the door. Jason and I snuck inside.
The air inside was stale, cold in a way that reminded me of Solara's empty bed, left with the impression of her body but empty of life. The musty stench hinted cat urine and cigarette addiction, the carpet stained, the walls patched with dusty ghosts of where the television had been and where chairs had knocked the plaster.
I replaced the door, reluctant to do so, and locked it tight. Jason followed me deeper into the vacant house as I searched out a spot that blocked us from the rain-streaked filth of the windows. The best I could do was in the kitchen, where spores of water mold clouded my sinuses. We crouched together at the corner of cabinets, our every breath in the perfect silence as loud as a fist through the wall.
As soon as I mustered the courage, I conjured up my voice. "Take out your telephone."
He did so. The screen lit up the entire room, illuminating every stain on the yellowed seventies floral wallpaper. "I don't suppose you want me to call nine-one-one."
"Neutral territories are infamous for being not very quick on the draw when it comes to vampire calls."
"Then we could be a little dishonest to get them out faster."
I shook my head. "I have a feeling that, if anything, their being here will only put a spotlight on us. 'Gee, the only cop patrolling the area is parked outside an abandoned house, and we can't seem to locate the two kids who should have come through here. I wonder where they could be. Hm.'" His mouth opened, but I overruled him. "And what would we tell them when they get here, anyway? 'I know we said that a guy broke in and had a gun in our face, but we're actually only in need a car ride to the next borough over, could you help us out, kind sirs?'"
"Hey, did you know I wasn't serious about calling the police?"
"You've my father's number on your phone. Call him before I slap you."
He already had the number selected, and dialing took one more tap of his thumb. He handed the telephone to me and I cradled it awkwardly in both hands, placing it to the side of my face. The line picked up and Rajy's comforting voice resounded. "Kali?"
"Dad, we're fine. I had us take cover in a vacant house."
"Very good." The hardness of his voice had given way to apprehension. "Yes, very good. Right, then, where are you? We'll come retrieve you."
"Jason's curious," I said instead. "Should we just call for some patrol to drive us over to you?"
Jason's mouth opened wide. "I'm not actually—"
"No, absolutely not. You've no idea who's under the influence of Cassius, and even if we were lucky, greater armies haven't been enough to stop him, let alone a single man with a questionable plastic firearm and a baton in a vehicle that might as well be a rocking horse at the derby."
A snort escaped Jason. "Speaking of poetry."
I gave Rajy the address and he repeated every word and digit. Lio must have been scribbling it down beside him.
"Right. We're on our way now. Sit tight. Stay on the line, just in case."
I couldn't help thinking of Carmi in his mid rant, 'How do you even sit tight?' "Okay."
Jason reached out and stole the telephone. "I'm putting you on speaker, so...don't play any eighties rock music, I guess."