
Toivo’s eyes were attentive on the road as we made our escape from the toxic school traffic congestion, into the familiar residential streets. “How was the first day, anyway? Are you okay? Hurt anywhere?”
What weird questions to ask. “I’m fine. A little sore from the very recent torture attack, but fine.”
Carmi leaned into me. The wind had turned his head into the wrong end of a mop. “Did you find him? Is that human kid the one?”
Toivo spared him a glance. “She can’t tell yet, Carmi. No one can. Until he inherits his powers—”
“No, I could tell.” Both of them aimed wide eyes at me. My shoulders raised and fell. “I just could. He’s so inexplicably different from the other students. It’s not overt, it’s subtle. It’s the little things he does, like how his eyes are always thinking, how calculated everything he does is. Even the way he resists authority. Well—I wouldn’t say he resists authority, I wouldn’t call it anarchical. He just…knows when he’s right and when the teacher is talking out of their ass—”
Carmi grinned. “You like him.”
Heat flooded my face. “What? I didn’t say—”
He shook his grinning head. “You didn’t have to.”
Toivo grunted, fists throttling the steering wheel. “I’m still not sure about this. Here’s his house, see if you can smell him.”
Still leaking steam from my ears, I leaned across Carmi, pressing my hand against his face to smother that stupid gloating mug of his. Jason’s house was like most of the houses in this neighborhood: large and reminiscent of the conservative styles of the early twentieth century, and equipped with acres of private land compacted with dense foliage. Burroughs this close to Pittsburgh with this much remaining greenery were rare and savored by the wealthiest of classes who cared little for it except in terms of aesthetic value and privacy.
The trees murmured with a breeze that swept into the cabin. I caught the scent of Jason and only Jason. No Yuuhi. No other predators.
I nodded. “He made it. I know Yuuhi wouldn’t pull any crap like that, anyway.”
Toivo released the brake pedal and we rolled away. “After he hauled you up in the gym and put you against a wall? I’d rather not test him.”
Carmi laughed. “You’d rather punch out all of his teeth. And then punch out all his teeth again when they grow back.”
“Stop,” I said at Toivo’s broad smirk. “Let’s not discuss any more torture techniques today, okay? Otherwise, if you insist on having such a penchant for it, then I will tell dad what happened today.”
Toivo glared at me. “I’ll tickle you while I drive.”
“Don’t you dare.”
Five minutes later, with many attempted tickle attacks and much swerving of the truck that left Carmi cheering with his hands in the air, we pulled up the long driveway to the house. The homes out here might have tried to resemble the early 1900s, but our house was the old home from the 1900s. I had lived in this old thing all my life, and although it had seen plenty of renovation over the decades, it had remained largely unchanged.
The red paint needed to be redone, cracking from age and weather. The white embellishments had turned gray. The gutter had rusted. The porch, overlooking the bright hues of the planter, was always kept neatly swept, but water damage had inevitably eaten away at the wood. The roof had been redone about a decade ago, but the shingles had already morphed into the rustic colors of moss and old pollen and dander and decayed leaves.