
She hid her face for a moment, stewing with the rolled up magazine in her fist before she cleared her throat. "Excuse me. Two seconds." Then she stomped after Carmi.
It was a while before they climbed into the van and hit the road. Even then, Toivo couldn't help it when he looked over at Ave and saw that magazine—as well as the stack of magazines he had spotted when helping her with Carmi, set beside a pile of similar costumes at the bottom of her closet.
He had a tickling feeling they would at least be comfortable here.

#

They were gone for hours.
I wasn't surprised, and despite myself, I wasn't worried, either. Toivo liked her. They had the type of instant chemistry that was palpable, a subtle heady scent in the air that had only intensified when Carmi had produced the sexy magazines. I saw it in the way Toivo's eyes gleamed as he looked at her, probably picturing her in the same latex outfit, or something.
I had to let Carmi run around and around and unwind, because I knew the inevitable crash would happen when all he had to suckle on was ketchup and peanut butter. After a while, he collapsed onto the couch and passed out for an afternoon nap.
I sat with him for a while, a hand on his arm to make sure he wouldn't leave me, that he was real, and that he wouldn't vanish. A small voice in the back of my brain tried to tell me that I had lost Toivo already, that his long absence was because the glamour ring had failed, and faceless enemies had hooked their fingers into him.
After some time, I worked up the courage to stand and cross to the stairs. I padded soundlessly, cautiously, wary of everything and anything. Nothing was safe. The vampires who had swarmed us outside the hotel could do so again here. It would be so easy to sneak into the shop and take hiding positions and ready guns that would end everything very quickly.
After all, I was sure the upstairs half of the apartment was the sanctuary, but the shop certainly couldn't be.
Amon's voice resounded behind me. "There's no one." I didn't jump anymore, at least. Not when he had taken up a permanent space in the corner of my mind and I'd never stop sensing him there. "If you tapped into the air for yourself, you'd know."
I ignored him and continued down the steps. After the comments he had made when first setting his pervy eyes on Ave, all I wanted to do was ignore him.
"Really, if you'd stop to listen to me," Amon continued as I planted my feet on the bottom landing, "I could teach you what you should be doing already. You're so embarrassingly behind—do you know what I was capable of at your age? I could ignite storms. I could change weather patterns. I—"
I turned into the hallway behind the counter, following the tapping of fingers against a keyboard. I passed an office and a bathroom and found myself in a large workshop, tools hanging from pegboards on the wall, dripping from a standing toolbox, the guts of what had once been a gun spread across the table of a workbench.
The dungeon troll sat at a worn table against the open windows, beside the door to the backyard, his laptop computer open in front of him. His fingers stilled, however, when I appeared in the doorway, and he looked up at me.
I faltered, rubbed my forearm, my toes turned in, and struggled to muster words like, 'Hi,' and 'How are you,' and, 'Your hair is pretty.' But I couldn't. My voice sparked like the old sockets used to back at the house and no sound left my lips.
He tried and failed to produce any real words either, so he stopped and recovered and gestured to the only other chair at the table. "Want to...sit down?"