
Her brow furrowed. A smile pulled at her lips, but it wasn't a real smile. It wasn't anything like a smile. "You don't want to understand." Her voice skipped, clenched as tight as a fist. "I told you, do you remember? I told you I'm going to save us." She reached under her slinky, wrinkled, filthy shirt to the waistband of her jeans and pulled out the gun. My heart stopped. "This is for us."
I didn't have the time to react. An explosion of gunfire ripped a scream from my lips. I saw Rajy, and I saw Lio, and I saw their faces and the bullets in their skulls that killed them.
But no bullet entered me.
Solara recoiled with a crazed shriek, blood spilling from her shoulder. I didn't have to look. I knew it was Yuuhi. I knew he had fired at her, and all I could think about was surviving.
I had to survive.
My foot landed on Solara's chest, and with a feral cry, I shoved her away and scrambled for purchase on the table. All I was able to do was twist onto my hands and knees before Yuuhi's hand grabbed my upper arm.
We plunged into shadow. I tried to scream, but the electrical cords of my voice were nowhere to be found. All I could do was endure what should have been a long ride back to safety.
But it wasn't.
The force of a train slammed into us. My body rocketed against wet gravel and I skidded, the world a jumble of colors and textures and flavors. Vertigo ripped apart my vision, and when I tried to recover onto hands and knees, more bullets filled the night.
My head lifted. Drizzle whispered across my face. The driveway came into focus. Leon had seemingly fallen from the tree he had been stationed in—no, it was more like he had been yanked down and slammed against the ground. His left arm had dislocated from its socket, and he struggled to reach his revolver with the trembling fingers of his right hand. Yuuhi and Solara were caught in a dance, dodging each other's bullets. I couldn't spot Nekane anywhere.
I panicked. I didn't think. It was easier to forget who I was and everything about me when the explosions of bullets rammed knives through my ears.
Instinct swarmed my brain. All I could do was what my instinct told me to do. My teeth grinded and a mangled sound reached my lips when I took the fire in my belly and drenched it with fuel. My veins flickered at first with tentative beads of golden light, and as soon as oxygen flooded the flames in my lungs, sunlight erupted from my flesh.
The shadows screamed and so did Solara. Yuuhi shielded his face with a grunt and Leon flinched away, but the bright light seared only her flesh. I could smell it. The putrid odor of flesh cooking, branding into my memory.
From around the corner of the house a disheveled Nekane took aim at Solara and let loose a series of bullets.
I almost shrieked at Nekane to stop.
But then I remembered my fathers, and I remembered my brothers, and I couldn't get my voice to work. It had burned up inside me. I knew then, without a doubt, that Solara had to be stopped.
Lio had said it already. She had to be stopped.
They would not take us.
A bullet grazed Solara's side. A pair struck her in the chest. She reeled from the shock of pain, and from the corner of my eye, Leon finally seized his revolver, the wolf, and took aim. There was no hesitation. He had the eye of a sharp-shooter, the confidence of someone who never missed.
It was my last chance to stop it.
I didn't.