
My mind didn't linger on that thought long, however. Instead, I searched the area, looking for Solara, for any trace of her hiding in the lush trees of the surrounding forest. There was nothing. Not a sign, and not a flicker of her scent. By the time the three of us, sopping wet, packed into the stuffy car, I had convinced myself that I'd made it all up.
Toivo switched on the air conditioner, mostly for Jason's benefit. Our bodies weren't necessarily better at handling hotter conditions—just the opposite, in fact—but we were accustomed to go without the AC. It was a waste of electricity, dads said.
The truck ride dragged on. Distant lightning tackled the clouds and thunder resounded almost inaudibly above the rattling of the engine. The silence prickled at my skin. I sat with my limbs pulled as tight against my body as I could manage, backpack still strapped to my back, with Toivo's in my lap. Jason watched me, studious as ever, searching for why I had flipped.
If he found his answer, he didn't say so. If he hadn't, he didn't ask.
The truck pulled up his driveway and deposited him at the steps of his house while the clouds unloaded rain faster than the furious windshield wipers could work. I took his spot, glad for the distance from the simmering Toivo.
Jason waved over his shoulder at us, and he didn't seem to care about how drenched he became from his short walk to the door. As soon as he was inside, door shut, Toivo reversed all the way out and continued onto the street.
His knuckles whitened and I braced myself. "What was that?" he asked.
I shrank in my seat, still hugging his bag to my chest. "I just..."
"You just what?"
"I thought I smelled something, that's all."
"The more you evade giving me the full truth, the worse I expect said truth to be."
The truth was worse than even that, Toivo.
I gnawed on my thumb. "I thought I smelled Solara."
His eyes swerved to me. The speed of his truck plummeted. "Why would you smell her?"
"I....Last night, when Yuuhi said a rogue gang had attacked? Well...it wasn't quite a gang, it was one vampire demon, and the one vampire demon was her."
He inhaled, sucking the air out of the cabin, his chest expanding until I felt even smaller than I was. His knuckles whitened and his glare melted the glass of his windshield. "Why didn't you tell anyone?"
"I don't know! Because I didn't want—I thought—"
His fingers splayed against the wheel, as if it were all he could do to keep from crushing it. "You're still lying for her? Really, Kali? When she used to come back late at night, or when she'd go out after dads forbade her, you'd always lie for her. You'd always take the blame or make up stories or defend her stupid ass decisions, and you're still doing it, even after she got herself turned and then abandoned us all—"
My hands flew into the air, nearly sending the backpack against the dashboard. "She didn't abandon us! Something happened to her, you know it did. She just spiraled downward, so far down. You watched it happen like I did, and you know that dads have at least an inkling as to why."
He reeled against his seat, and it took everything in him to keep his eyes on the road. "That's why you protected her again? Because you think her choice to leave us wasn't her fault? She pointed a gun at you last night, didn't she?"
"But she didn't fire at me."