
He wasn't a true demon.
If rage swallowed him up, if he ever lost control of himself, he would never look like this, but she had drawn him this way because she had seen him this way. She'd had special vision. She could see things the way they really were. He had never doubted her eyes, but he had always doubted this.
The second half of the wedge went into the vortex of his mouth and the contrast of tangy juice and butter played across his tongue. He flipped the page to her next masterpiece: a Disney coloring book page. Memories stabbed him in the chest each time he flipped the page, and masticating the apple served little to distract him.
It had been ten years, soon after Solara had left.
Had her mother found her like she had promised? Was she safe? What was she like now?
Would he ever see her again?
He reached for another apple slice and groped at air. The plate was empty.
The door swung open behind him and a blast of wind overtook him. He twisted, face catching fire as the panicked flames of Toivo rushed in and shut the door behind him. Carmi blinked at his hysterics, frozen to the spot. "What the fuck, Toivo?"
Toivo slapped a hand to his forehead and immediately began pacing. Carmi noticed the left side of his jaw had swelled nice and juicy-like. "I pissed Kali off."
"Uh. Okay. Where is she?"
"I don't know."
Carmi sat upright. "What? You made her run away again?"
Toivo whirled around, arms raised and an argument blazing a path up his chest—until he noticed the scrapbook.
Carmi's face burned up again and he ever so casually replaced the book into the box, sealed the lid, and shoved it under his bed again. Only then did Toivo continue. "Something's been off with her all day. Don't you remember this morning? She wouldn't look at me."
She wouldn't speak much either, except when Lio asked, 'Would you like jelly for your toast?' to which she had said, 'No, thank you,' because she never liked jelly, because she didn't like sweet things, but Lio always offered it to her.
Carmi leapt to his feet. "Where's Lio now? Does he know?"
His dumbass brother shook his head. "No. He's out back in the garden. Looks like he's putting up tarps for rain, which is strange, because the news forecast didn't predict any real storms for tonight—"
"What did you say to her?"
His lips screwed shut. Carmi had to nail him with a look before he pushed out, "A...few things."
"You know, it's actually really hard to genuinely piss her off, like, I can't think of a time where Kali was prone to violence, and," he gestured to Toivo's swollen face, "apparently you made a grand first for her. I can make out her bone structure in that bruise."