
There was something about him that constricted my chest and tightened my ribcage around my lungs. I wanted to know what it was about him, but I didn't know how to ask.
I also wanted to know why Solara went to him to become a vampire demon. I wanted to know what had driven her to such a point where she had no other choices left.
And, now, it was too late.
I hiked up the driveway. The wet gravel grinded with every step, all the way to the end where Rajy's white Prius glimmered with watery sequins. Toivo's truck was missing, and parked in its place was a smaller car. An all-electric onyx Tesla, small enough to be a roller-skate. I didn't recognize it.
I jogged up the steps, shimmied the umbrella of water, and deposited it in the bin by the door, where another damp umbrella rested. The blinds were drawn, so I couldn't steal a peek, but I did hear a familiar voice talking quietly inside. I kicked my squishy sneakers against the mat and then pushed the door open.
For once, dads sat in the parlor 'fancy furniture' room, occupying the fancy brocade couch. Across from the hand-carved Edwardian table was a single man, reclining in one of the over-stuffed chairs, and he looked up at me with eyes as dark as a swell of the blackest storm clouds that loomed with the promise of a biblical downpour.
"Well, then, that would be my cue," he said. He slapped his hands to his knees and rolled onto his feet. His tie was loosened, the tailored button-down, stiff-collar shirt was wrinkled at the back, probably from a long day. "I'll be seeing you again in about ten short hours, Rajnish, as always. A pleasure to see you again, Duilio."
I glanced at dads and the guilt in my chest submerged me. They looked so much older, haggard and tired, with growing wrinkles in their foreheads and matching postures that were anything but the discipline I'd been taught to always have.
Then he turned to me and approached, regarding me with a nod. "Kali."
My neck felt too numb to nod in return. "Mazin." I never knew what to do around him, and often I resorted to fidgeting and looking as numbskulled as possible. What was I supposed to do around the head demon lord of the Demon Allegiance? Rajy had never taught me.
And no one had taught Mazin what to do around me, either. He hesitated, sucked in a breath to speak, and then found a wall in his throat.
I watched him, studied the rich, warm hue of his skin, like fire crackling on the flesh of oak in the fireplace, such a strange contradiction to the storm in his eyes. Rajy had told me a few things about him, that he was a widowed man and had governed the court longer than he ever had wanted to. He was a king without a crown.
'That is what makes him a just leader,' Rajy had told me. 'He has no desire to possess great power, and thus great power will never possess him.'
Whenever I heard about him, I heard nothing but great things.
Whenever I looked at him, however, I saw a man with faint streaks of silver that had arrived too early for his dark hair, a man that had been crippled and destroyed by things I would never know.
But that was what made Rajy respect him.
Mazin finally pushed out words. "I hear you're in quite a deal of trouble."
I glanced at dads again, both of them completely taciturn. "Yes, but I asked for it. I'll take my punishment for it as well."
His exhausted face managed a small smile. He needed a shave. "How good of you." But his nose picked up on something and he asked, "Did someone walk you back?"