
And heading that group was a demon I recognized down to the creases in his button-down shirt, as if he had never changed from the clothes I'd last seen him in. He stepped forward coolly, abandoning his weathered disposition for the role of the head demon lord that he was. The king with no crown. "Aemilius."
Aemilius inclined his head, strands of his long black hair falling across his shoulders. Both hands rested against the blunt of his cane. "Mazin." His voice was smooth and creamy, light on my ears and heavy in my mind. "How lovely to see you again. You're looking older."
"I wouldn't be doing my job correctly if I didn't age twice as quickly."
"You wear it well, if I might say."
"How kindly of you." Mazin extended his arms, gesturing to everything. "What do you suppose we should do about this, then? Quite a conflict. And I suppose Cassius had nothing to do with any of this."
A smile stretched across Aemilius' smooth, flawless face. It hurt to look at him, when only a glance of his perfect features drove an ache through my body that I'd never felt before. His flesh was like driftwood rubbed smooth by the ocean and bleached to perfection by the sun, his eyes piercing. He was truly the perfect predator, because I felt myself wanting to lie down at his feet and offer my neck or whatever else he wanted— "I highly doubt it in this case," he said. "Doesn't seem to resemble his usual 'flair'."
Mazin lifted his chin, his face changing into something that was neither hard nor soft, but both simultaneously. "I would know."
"Yes." Aemilius regarded him with the same quiet knowing. "I suppose you would."
A furtive silence crushed the air with tension. Their soldiers held still and steady, secreting a thick aura of imminent battle. Mazin finally continued. "The treaty is at risk."
"Just as well. Such a thing wasn't meant to last. The fine print mentions that as soon as both reincarnations are known, one side may terminate the treaty at any time."
Mazin inhaled deeply, hardly surprised by the revelation that Aemilius knew who our reincarnation was. "Is that the route we are to take? We part ways with our own?"
"It is the only way I can guarantee the safety of yours."
No.
The anchor of their words plunged into my chest, between my ribcage and down my spine. They meant to take Jason away in exchange for us.
No.
No.
I shifted, my hand landing on Yuuhi's chest so I could make to push him away—he caught my wrist, fingers squeezing, and nailed me with a look that turned me to stone. There was no compulsion in his eyes, no effort to control me. It was a warning. 'Not yet,' it said. 'Hold on, not yet.'
With how he had turned on us today, I had no reason to trust him. He had exploited us, taken our weaknesses and pulled us into a game. He had told me all along that I couldn't trust him.
But I still wanted to.
Jason looked over at us. Fear had yet to move in on his face as he stood there, waiting for the fates to decide his future, waiting for the Powers That Be to drop the gavel. Beside him, Aemilius held steady with all the time in the world as Mazin considered the playing field, the pieces on the chessboard, every tool at his command.
Mazin lifted his hand to stroke at the hard line of his jaw. "The inherent problem here is the neutral territory. If yours were to make it onto our own territory, then pursuing him would not work in the Alliance's political favor."