
I still...
She moved closer. The slinky dress splashed silver along the curves of her body. Vaguely I felt one of the vampires shift behind me, as if apprehensive, as if they had something to fear from her as well.
Her hand lifted, and I couldn't even cringe or grimace or move away when her heatless fingers pinched my chin and lifted my face. A shiver rattled my spine. The shadow in the dark blue ocean trenches of her eyes bled into the night, or the night bled into the shadow of her eyes.
I couldn't think, and I didn't try to. I had already let her in. I could never push her out again.
She could easily disable me if she wanted to.
Her lips puckered as she considered me and every strand of hair that had fallen across my face, the way my teeth clattered together, and the way I couldn't smooth the gasps of oxygen to my lungs. "Kali. You'll always be my little sister, and I will always be your big sister. That will never, ever change." Her hand smoothed back my hair, her touch as gentle as it had ever been. "I promised you, remember? I promised I would take you away from your prison, and I plan to hold true to that promise. I've worked ten years on it." She retreated from me, her fingers sliding from my face. "I'm going to save you. I'm going to save us both. You have to understand that everything I do has a reason."
I could only watch as she returned to Jason's side. He dragged his gaze back to me, dread stealing the stain of rosy red from his skin. Her hand slid to his face and she smoothed his hair as tenderly as she had smoothed mine, and she said to him, "I'm going to tell you what happens next, so you can't say I didn't give you ample time to consider your options. I'm going to start your change, and after the venom begins to sink into your body, I'm going to have them," she gestured with the gun to my restrainers, "bite her. You're a smart boy, but you don't know what happens when venom enters a demon's body."
She leaned into his ear and murmured, "It will rip her apart. She'll scream until her throat turns raw, until her lungs bleed, and at three times the usual rate, it'll shred her apart in a matter of minutes. If you want her to survive, you'll have to suck the venom out of her yourself."
No.
No, no, no.
My body bucked. Fire swelled in my stomach and flooded my throat and I shrieked, "No!" The vampires grunted and dug their fingers into my flesh until nails raked at me.
I fought with everything I had, using every escape technique I'd been taught, throwing my elbows and stamping my heels for feet or shins. But I didn't know how to free myself from three vampires with demon strength, and I didn't know how to save myself when the vampire demon wrapped his hand around my throat and threatened to crush my windpipe. I didn't know how to stop myself. I couldn't.
A fist landed in my stomach and gutted the wind from my body. I folded over with a mangled cry, and a gruff voice behind me said, "Get on with it."
I lifted my head. Her fingers sank into Jason's hair, and there was a moment where his and my eyes connected, where I saw him and he saw me. There was a moment where my heart stopped, where the world stopped, and it was only the two of us trapped in a cage of arms and politics and things greater than the two of us.
Then she yanked back, angling the untouched valley of his neck, and her fangs drove into his flesh.
There was no air in my lungs. I still couldn't suck in a single drop of oxygen. When I tried to scream, something ugly and wild grated past my teeth. I kicked and thrashed, ready to fight even if it meant they would rip me apart. Still I kept my eyes on him. I watched the initial pain rip across his face, the explosion of pure shock that he couldn't contain. His body shook and he writhed in his possessor's grip. But the venom was quick, and it drained the tension from his body. Every muscle relaxed, easing as he collapsed in on himself, a low groan quavering on his parted lips.