
"But she wouldhave, as she would have taken you away from us when she came back as a vampire demon." Fire swelled inside him, radiating from him until the windows fogged over. "We almost lost you once, and you're defending her when we almost lost you again."
His logic was so sound. He made me seem like I was still just a naïve, petulent child, and, well...
I supposed I was.
I remembered it so clearly, the night that her arguments with dads reached a climax, the night she disappeared and didn't return for three days. Waiting for her had been like waiting in a coal burner, boxed up in iron walls and burning away, barely able to breathe as the flames around me stole the air right out of my mouth.
When she had returned, it was in the middle of the night to knock on my window. Ten years ago, she asked me to invite her inside, and I wasn't so senseless that I didn't recognize the change in her.
But I invited her inside anyway.
'Remember what I said?' she had asked me, taking my hand to lead me out the front door, our feet moving soundlessly against the carpet. Her fingers had been icicles, a shock to the fire that ever burned inside me.'I'm going to take you from here, Kali, just like I promised I would. I'm going to save you, and you might not understand now, but you will one day, and you'll thank me for this.'
I remembered being unable to look away from the acute knives of her eyes or how her gaze punctured me. I had trained and trained to resist vampire compulsion, but I suffered from the greatest ailment of all: I already trusted her.
When she had lured me out the door and into the darkness of the night, I was ready to go wherever she wanted me to. She pulled me into the shadow, and I didn't resist her. I never even questioned how she'd had such powers so early into her vampire life. No vampire ever did. But she had.
I was lucky that the one she had taken me to had stopped her.
I collapsed against the seat, melting. "I'm an idiot."
Silence wrapped a hand around us and squeezed. The AC continued to run, and with the moisture in the air, the chill permeated and collected in my wet clothes and hair, even in the dew on my eyelashes. We said nothing else to each other, not until we pulled up the driveway and both our eyes settled on Rajy's Prius. Demon Allegiance court officials were encouraged to spend as little time in the office as possible, for various safety reasons, so Rajy's time at home was unpredictable.
Resolution flickered in Toivo's face. I recognized it, and as he shut off the engine, I sat up with my armful of his backpack. "Toivo, no. Don't you—"
He shut the door on my face and rounded the nose of the truck for the stairs. Tangled in a vine of panic, I shoved open my own door and staggered after him.
"Toivo! Toivo, I swear on every torture technique ever, Toivo!"
The front door shut on his heel. I bounded up the stairs, ready to gun it through the house and tackle him before he could reach Rajy's office—until I threw open the door and collided solidly into him. He might have staggered an inch, but I wasn't really sure because I wasn't paying attention. My focus shifted to dads in the sitting room, Lio with his legs tucked onto the couch beside him, sketchpad in his lap and pencils spread at an odd circumference around him. In the recliner opposite the coffee table sat Rajy, relaxing for once, with no article of work anywhere to be seen, and Carmi in the chair beside him, munching on his post-school apple.
Rajy must have just brought Carmi home because of the rain.
Of course he had.