
Lio leaned his weight on me as if I were an armrest. I sagged as he laughed and said, "If we'd really wanted to bully you, we'd bugger you about your lacking sense of style. Do you dress in the dark?"
Mazin laughed, and when that smile finally broke the tension in his face, I couldn't help a small smile either. I hadn't ever seen him laugh very often, but it was infectious when he did. Beneath the endless saddlebags that his job dumped on him, there was a man who knew how to smile, but those cameos were rare. "Come off it, you Red Coats." He turned to Rajy with a more solemn note. "May I speak to you?"
They buried themselves in the bedroom and shut the doors. More secrets. How could there possibly be a need to keep anything from me anymore?
What wasn't I allowed to know after what had happened?
Lio released an airy sigh as he rustled around behind me. "Politicians. You can always count on a politician to never cease being a politician."
I turned. He sat in a deep armchair in front of a desk that had very obviously been moved from its spot in the corner, up beside the window instead. Spread across the polished surface was a mess of charcoal and graphite pencils and shredded pieces of a kneaded eraser-or several kneaded erasers. With his legs crossed, he had his drawing pad in his lap, and he went on as he normally did.
I pulled up one of the other chairs opposite the table from him and watched over the brim of his pad. The intensity in his eyes never failed to beckon me into his lonely world-and I called it a lonely world because, when he sat down to draw, there was no one else on the planet. A voluntary cave of seclusion encased him. And when he sketched in his lonely world, it was as if he was trying to remember a time when he wasn't lonely.
I peered into the rubies of his eyes. The stark light of day gleamed in the jewel cut and I realized I knew so little about him. We used to spend time like this together, where he would draw and I would sit near him and conquer whatever essay Rajy had demanded of me. Lio's presence, his solace, his constant companionship, was a nightlight in the dark.
The night we walked together flickered across my mind, murmuring our conversation into my ears.
"Lio, was I...really the right choice for this mission?"
"Unfortunately, I do believe you were."
My tongue wetted my lips. "Lio, do you-you-really believe that I'm supposed to be the...the reincarnation?"
His eyes lifted to me, a pause in his hand, before he lowered the pad to the table and gave me his full attention. "My opinion on the matter is unquestionably biased, you have to understand," his gaze drifted down to his drawing, "but I was told by someone long before you came to our care that you would be special."
Heat swelled in my belly. "Who?"
The smile that turned the ends of his lips didn't feel like a smile at all. It hurt. It pulled at the strings in my hollow chest and made the room feel too big and too empty.
It felt like his empty cave.
A slight laugh touched his lips. He started to shake his head, but stopped himself. When his gaze returned to me, there was something in his eyes I'd never seen before. "I believe you will meet her. She's already reached out to you recently."
In the span of only a few seconds, every face of every woman I had ever seen flashed through my mind. I tried to find her. I searched for the one woman who would have met that qualification.
The bedroom door popped open. Rajy, his face stony, beckoned Lio inside, and then I was alone.