
She wouldn't have...
She would never have left, thinking there was no other way, that there was...
No. Gods, no. What had they let her do?
The gadget buzzed in his wooden hand. His heart leapt up his throat, but it wasn't Kali. It wasn't a number he recognized at all. He answered without hesitation and pressed the phone to his ear. "Hello?"
"Toivo."
It was Mazin.
#
If Yuuhi had woken up any later, he would have been in the deepest amount of trouble—he couldn't begin to comprehend the price of it.
He couldn't comprehend anything.
Waking up to a swarm of shadow scouts overtaking the area had been daunting enough, and his first instinct led him to a mad scramble through the flood of rain, between the buildings, to the empty Hot Metal Bridge. He ducked beneath it, his body hollow with the ache of hunger, his limbs shaking from anemia, his head spinning from a mix of dizziness and primal thirst. The rain pounded eerily against the strip of metal, the shore gushing against the gravel and drawing him to the present. As soon as the panic had ebbed, he recalled last night.
At least, he tried to recall it.
The last he remembered was Kali grabbing him and shoving him to the ground quite effortlessly, just as she could have done during the walk on their first day of school, and although the throw had knocked him senseless for a good few seconds, it hadn't been enough to take him out. He recalled the signals in his brain to stand and chase after her, but...
Then he didn't remember anything.
Shit.
That was never a good sign.
He slapped the heels of his palms to his forehead over and over, hoping to jar something loose—he cringed instead. Red hot torches of pain pierced through his body, and he rolled up his sopping, stained shirt to see his bullet wounds.
But the holes in his chest weren't what caught his eye. It was the nail marks. And these weren't simple fingernails.
These were claws.
Five punctures with perfect spacing, perfect angles, as if an enormous paw had landed on his chest and rammed him against the pavement.
As if someone had been there to wipe his memory.
Something glimmered from the corner of his eye, a fleck of gold in a monochromatic world. His eyes shifted tentatively to it, and there he discovered, lying in the dirt with the rain polishing the metal to a perfect gleam, was a tiny gold cross.
#
The sky unleashed such a downpour that it was impossible to really see anything other than neighboring skyscrapers, but it had probably been intentional. It was the perfect way to make an escape, to hide, or to find help.
A sigh fell out of him and left no condensation on the glass of the floor-to-ceiling window. He tried to think, but the constant pacing of the damnable man behind him was so distracting that a twitch developed in his eye. He turned. "What's your problem now?"
The robes swished around his body when the pacing stopped. There was too much unfathomable intricacy in the precise folds and draping to even be described, and the man had, in fact, tried to describe what was what, or what it meant. His dark eyes shifted to the glass, as if the window was what had spoken to him, and he approached to peer out into the fog of rain.