
"Shut your mouth." The small smirk lingered on Toivo's face, even as he said, "So, what do we do? Do we tell dads that she's taken off? They'll want to bring her back."
Carmi's lips puckered in contemplation. He wrapped his arms around his pillow and squeezed before he shook his head. "No. If she decides she wants to break some rules, then she should break some fucking rules."
"Watch your language."
"No, damn it. And that's what she's going to learn how to do. She's going to learn how to say 'fuck no, I do what I want.'"
"Carmi, you're hitting the rebellious years, yourself."
He outstretched his arms. He wasn't muscular, but certain undeniable muscle definition swelled beneath his skin. "Yeah, I am! Not that anybody can tell. If nothing else, I've learned that people take my cute, sweet little young face much more seriously when I say, 'Fuck the police.'"
Laughs shook Toivo's shoulders again, but he sobered up and pointed a threatening finger at Carmi. "I said to watch your language."
Ever defiant, Carmi tossed the pillow onto the floor, climbed to his feet with the utmost swagger, and lifted his hands. "Fuck. The. Police. Come at me, bro."
Toivo launched at Carmi and tackled him down to the floor. They wrestled, but it wasn't much of a match when Carmi was less than half of Toivo's mass. Still, it was a certain way to release some tension after what had happened earlier.
Kali was out there, and although she had trekked their property alone many times, this was different. This time left Toivo nervous. What if Kali had actually smelled Solara at school?
What if she was in real danger?

#

The wind whipped at my hair and the plastic bag in my hand, and stained my cheeks pink. I walked with an arm shielding my face against torrents that transformed the light mist into pellets against my eyeballs. The air was so saturated with the aroma of rain, and the wind carried traces of the burnt smell of lightning.
I approached a four-way stop sign. A car sped past after a weak stop and continued on without the driver tossing me so much as a glance. I peeked around the stop sign, the wooden post layered with old and soggy 'lost dog' and 'for sale by owner' signs—when I noticed a particularly strange sign. The paper, struggling against the wind, was still mostly dry, as if someone had stapled it to the post moments ago. And it wasn't a sign that sought or wanted to sell anything.
It was written like a letter, and I read the salutation over and over again.
It was a simple salutation, intimate, not business-like.
And it was my name.
'Kali,' it read, 'They will use fear to control you. Do not let them break you.'
I blinked, expecting the words to change, expecting anything except what I saw. Who would put this here? Whose smooth, delicate handwriting was this?
And who knew I'd be out, in between storms?
The warm, wet wind was enough to leave me sticky with a fine layer of perspiration, but the intimate letter prickled beads of sweat along my spine. I pinched the corner of the damp paper and tore it from its staples. For now, I folded it up in kind-of squares and tucked it away into my back pocket. I'd show this to my brothers later. Until then, Jason's house was right around the corner.