
"Jason!" My voice was hoarse, cracking at the roots, burning up from the flames inside me. "Jason, listen to me, okay? Don't do it. Just—let me suffer, I'll be fine. My dads will be here, and the venom will wear off in both of us, and we'll be okay. We'll make it through. It's not going to go like this—she's wrong. Everything's wrong."
Everything was wrong.
Solara was my sister. She was the hand I had grasped when she led me through the orchard of apple trees and cherry trees as blossoms opened up to the summer sun and poured the sweetest clouds of fragrance into the air, staining her hair and her skin and her clothes. She was the hand I grasped when a bee buzzed too close and I was afraid, even if a sting would never hurt me.
And then I grew up, and she was the one who held my hand when we explored the forest beyond the yard, and she would hold my hand when we found a hive blazing with thousands of bees, and she was the one scared. She would lift her polaroid camera and I would climb the tallest oaks, and I would fall, and it would hurt, but I'd laugh, and she'd take a picture, and she'd tell me, 'I still remember when you were afraid of a little fuzzy bee, and now you'll climb trees no matter how many times you fall.'
And I'd say, 'Falling is the fun part. You should try it.'
'No, thank you. I'd much rather watch you fall.'
Everything was wrong.
All of this. I didn't know what to believe anymore, or how to believe. None of this could possibly be real.
Tears spilled down my face.
It was all wrong.
Solara pulled away. His head lulled and his eyelids were heavy, blood spilling from the pair of puncture wounds, soaking into the collar of his shirt. He looked right at me, but he couldn't see me. He couldn't see anything. His chest heaved for air, his body slack, the poison steeping and preparing for the chemistry that my blood would initiate.
She turned to me, licking her stained lips clean, running the back of her wrist across the tendril that had escaped down her chin and jaw. Her eyes were hazy, her movements less deliberate. She looked me square in the eye, smiled, and said, "Quickly."
I didn't have the chance to fight this time. Three pairs of syringes stabbed into me. My neck, the meat of my shoulder, and my upper arm. However it had happened, for whatever reason, demons were not gifted with the pleasure of vampire venom. Rajy had explained that scientists believed it was a defense mechanism, that because a demon's natural enemy was the vampire, our bodies had worked out a system that repelled venom and it's opiate effect. The result was the pure antithesis.
The fangs in my flesh caused me a mangled cry, but the searing acid of the venom seeping into my veins destroyed me.
It blazed through my body and spurred one last fit for escape. Stars flooded my vision until I couldn't see anything beyond blinding light. I didn't mean to scream. I didn't want to. But the wailing I heard could only be my voice.
The venom swallowed me up until I could feel nothing of my body, until I was suspended in a tub of acid, breathing it in, filling my lungs until there was no more room for air, my heart pumping it through my system so fast that I wanted to rip it out. I wanted to claw my own flesh from my bones. I wanted it to end. I would have done anything.
Years must have passed. Decades. Centuries. All I remembered was pressure on my back, as if I was against the floor. Distantly, there was a glimmer of glass, or maybe they were stars, maybe I was floating in the night sky, maybe I had finally fallen too hard, maybe I was dead.