
Yes, I did.
I tiptoed over to the chair and pulled it out to fold myself into, knees to my chest. I studied his face, the typical Pittsburghian white of his skin, pale eyes, even paler in the light streaming from the window. The oddest thing about him was his long blond hair, kept back in a lazy ponytail. His scrawny, awkward body smelled like human, but I could already sense something different about him
According to Carmi the Eavesdropper, when Ave had spoken in private to him, he had been vehement in denying us occupancy. He knew what I was. He knew that he and Ave were in incredible danger by housing us.
I rubbed my shins nervously. "S-...Sorry."
He adjusted his glasses, drumming his fingers on the tabletop as he searched for speech. "It's...okay. No one else was sitting there."
"O-Oh...no...I mean—I'm sorry that we're...here."
"That." He considered his laptop screen, as if his script for this very moment was hidden somewhere on it. "It's nothing against...you. You seem...really nice, of course." His jaw was stiff, like this was painful. "And we wouldn't want anything to happen to you. I just wonder how much safer you are here."
"This is excruciating," Amon said, suddenly standing behind Elliot and peering into his laptop screen as well. Amon took a keen interest in all things modern, observing everything that glowed and hummed and thrummed. "Could the two of you be any more—what's the word? Awkward? Is that it? I don't believe there's a word in your language for what I'm thinking, but it's along the lines of when a boy becomes a man while he's still a boy and he finds himself in situations where he must cover up how he naturally becomes aroused in uncalled-for situations, lest embarrassment ensues. Do you know what I mean?"
I rubbed the space between my eyes. I wasn't sure if this was Amon's sense of humor, as in a joke, or if he was serious.
Elliot blinked at me. He twisted to look behind him, right at Amon, except he saw nothing but hot air.
Lots of hot, stupid air.
I cleared my throat and sat up a bit straighter. "I don't really think we're safe anywhere. I guess the only way I could save my brothers is if...well, I left them."
"No." He lowered his glasses enough to look at me over the rims. Without the screen to reflect off the lenses, the icicles of his eyes pierced me. "Because anyone who's after you will use them whether or not you're here. They're safer in your presence, just as you're safer in theirs."
I wanted to believe that they were safer around me, but the visuals of my dads with holes in their heads shoved fists into my gut and stole the air from my lungs and pushed away my ability to believe anything.
I rested my forehead on my knees. I just wanted to disappear. I wanted to crawl into Lio's voluntary cave of seclusion and never come out again.
Elliot fell silent at my side, not typing, not moving, just letting me be.
Then he said, "No one will think to trace you here, at least for a little while. You—all three of you—have the time to figure out what that means is next. So don't rush it, because there's no turning back once it starts again."
Once it starts again.
My stomach twisted and turned and a sour taste climbed up my throat. I lifted the anchor of my head and remembered how to work my voice. "What do you and Ave do here?"