
“I’m not allowed to watch the television.”
His fingers splayed against the tabletop. “Why?”
“My dads don’t like television.”
Another furtive pause. “They do realize it’s the twenty-first century, don’t they? That the modern American home has at least one TV, if not one per room with a computer, a phone, electrical outlets, and indoor plumbing?”
“We had a television once, back in the late fifties, black and white and all that, but then my dad took it away.” It didn’t mean that I couldn’t sneak other opportunities elsewhere, of course. “I’m allowed to read the newspaper all I want, though.”
A third furtive pause. His fingers strummed the table yet again, and then he nodded. “Well, then. If the both of us make it out of this alive by the end, I’m showing you that movie.”
He stood with such conviction that I thought he had instead declared war. He marched away, and I watched his back recede for the cafeteria and the long lunch line inside. Before he could make it to the door, however, a couple girls bounded up to him, tiny skirts fluttering about their legs and bright smiles on their painted faces. He stopped, and naturally, suavely, turned to them with all the charm in the world.
I frowned.
Deeply.
Those were mating tactics. The girl touching her hair, rolling her shoulders, crinkling her eyes, she and her friend giggling at whatever he had to say. A mating ritual.
I wasn’t exactly personally familiar with mating rituals, but I certainly knew one when I saw it, and it was so blatant that I lost my appetite.
What a whore.
And I didn’t mean either of the girls.
My attention returned to my meal, but not before I caught a glimpse of Jason’s friends’ nest. I called it his friends’ nest because he never really seemed to be a part of that clique. If I had to pin it exactly, he kept everyone at arm’s length, maintained a perfect distance, and only put in the occasional comment to appease them. His attention had been as far away from his group as could possibly be, and it also hadn’t been on the book in his hand.
It had been on Yuuhi and me.

#

After lunch was Inter-People Studies, and as I flipped through the library-sanctioned handbook of all the different known species on the planet, I bristled.
‘The Demon: originally confused and indecipherable from what are now called devils, the demon most often shares a nearly indistinguishable physical appearance to that of a human, usually with only one or two unique details.’
And the visual aid revealed a crude drawing of a brutish, burly, particularly hairy snarling man with dark skin, elongated teeth and ears, snakelike eyes, and jagged red sigils along the arms and chest. The creature looked like it should have been carrying a fat club, wearing a fur pelt for a loincloth, and grunting at dinosaurs.
My hand shot into the air—well, it almost did. Yuuhi snagged my wrist, yanking my arm back down as he tried wholeheartedly not to explode on me.
I pushed the open book into his face. “Did you see this? When the hell was this thing written? The seventies? And by seventies, I mean eighteen-seventies, when Europeans still believed in scientific racism and were trying with all their God-given European might to prove that the African wasn’t even another ethnicity of human, but another species altogether like us—”