
His fingers rolled into fists. The muscles tightened in his neck and shoulders. "Nothing. She's still alive and well."
She was still alive and well, but he was here, and he still loved her.
I pushed the glass toward him. There wasn't much left, but my head felt fuzzy already and it seemed like the thing to do. "When you flirted with those girls at school, it was just for show, wasn't it?"
His low gaze burned into the glass. I didn't think he'd accept the offering, but he broke from his stone position and scooped up the glass to drain. "Everything in this world is always for show, Kali. That's how you survive." Fresh wine streamed into the glass from the bottle with a flourish of his wrist, and he pushed the glass back to me. "If you continue to prod at people's weaknesses as you do, you're going to eventually find the one who won't like it."
Our eyes met. I supposed I should have taken that as a warning, but instead I said, "Does that mean you do like it?"
Silence was my answer. The weight in his gaze bore into me with the force of someone who had spent a long time building walls around everything he didn't want to leave exposed.
He climbed to his feet and started to turn away. "I'm going to bed. The television is there at your disposal, and if you try to leave, trust me: I'll know, and I'll make sure you won't have a second opportunity—"
My hands slapped down onto the table and I pushed myself up, only to sway and stagger, and he lifted his hands as if to catch me as he asked, "Are you...already tipsy, Kali? Is it still the anemia?"
I shook my head. "No, I'm fine. And you can walk away from me, that's fine too. I'm starting to understand that you're the type of person who walks away from just about everything."
"Oh really?" His eyebrows climbed. "Have you come to that conclusion based on our lifetime of experience together?"
"I don't need a lifetime of experience, Yuuhi. I only needed you to confirm it by lashing out the way you just did."
The muscles in his neck pulled. "We're going to have great fun together in this little box of an apartment, aren't we?"
A laugh escaped me, a sound I didn't recognize at all. "Wait until you figure out that I'm not actually Amon."
"And why is it that you don't believe you could be Amon?"
"Because I'm not. Jason was Ares, there was no question about that at all. I know it took you some time to be a hundred percent sure like I was, but eventually you came to the same terms, and so did Toivo, because it was undeniable. Jason was Ares. You tested him, he passed."
He faced me fully. "What do you think I was testing you for?"
"Me? What—that first day? When you put a gun to my head? You were testing me to see if I was adequate enough to handle the mission, and you said I failed. I remember, I was there for it."
His hands closed around my arms, bringing us only inches apart. I held my breath and every nerve pulsed with static as his lips parted. "Think back to what I said. Do you remember?"
"Kali, I wanted to test you. After you so very effortlessly made that basket, I thought maybe, maybe, it could have been possible that you were chosen correctly for this role after all."
"I failed, didn't I?"
"Extravagantly."