
Yuuhi.
This room and these sheets smelled like Yuuhi, and sweat, and illness, and books. Lots of books.
When I shifted, every muscle in my body whined. I cringed and peeled the sheet from my sticky limbs and the oversized shirt from its twisted state around my body.
His bed was simple, queen-sized, with a large duvet. The pool of fluffy blanket looked like it had been stuffed with clouds, and it still smelled of the plastic of its packaging. A set of bookcases, tall with glass doors, boasted a full load, but towers of stacked books lined the walls as well.
I peeled the blanket from my sweaty body and rolled. Knives sliced deep into the muscles of my shoulder. My arm strained as my other hand reached for the source of the pain, but my fingers were blocked by thick bandaging.
My lungs expanded with a deep breath, which only made the room spin and my body feel too weightless. I pushed myself up, arms shaking, and guided my legs over the edge of the bed. Small victories.
A well-loved book on the nightstand caught my eye, a tassel hanging from between the yellowed pages. 'The Sun Also Rises', the cover read. I didn't know what that meant, or any of these covers, because Rajy had never been the biggest fan of fiction.
I planted my bare feet on the carpet and stood. My skull throbbed and I cringed, but when my knees buckled against my weight, I staggered, grabbing the nearest bookcase. My toe nicked one of the towers and sent books sprawling across the floor.
My parchment throat grated when I swallowed. Silently and not-so-silently cursing myself, I waddled for the door. I expected to be locked inside.
I expected to be trapped in here, that this would be my prison, and it was the first part of my brain that had caught up to the present. The rest of my brain still needed more time to come to a boil.
I wasn't looking forward to that.
My fingers twisted the doorknob. It was unlocked, but my hand hurt. The flesh stung. I pulled open the door and searing light washed over me, frying me in a skillet with splattering oil. A brief shot of panic jolted my heart.
What if I had been turned into a vampire?
No.
I pried apart my eyelids, standing in a hallway just outside a bathroom door and across from a kitchen, and I peered down at my own hands. Bite marks. No fangs, but teeth had broken skin. I lifted my hand to my nose and sniffed.
My own teeth had done this.
I lifted my sandbag arms and reached for the other two sets of puncture wounds, but each one had been covered up with gauze and tape like my shoulder. I placed my hand over my chest. My heart pounded away, bold and alive. I was still wet with sweat, my eyes swollen from tears. Vampires had none of these marks of the living.
My fingertips held the wall as I dragged the flat tires of my feet down the hall, my nose searching scents for clues. There wasn't much to go on, aside from a few faded presences, some that I recognized and some that I didn't. I passed the kitchen, which smelled and looked equally unused. Barren and cold.
When I rounded the corner, the spacious sitting room opened up with an arched ceiling and furniture that looked nice, I guessed—blue and gold and mint colors arranged in ways I wasn't used to—but equally unused. Sheer curtains had been drawn over the tall windows, obscuring the light, but I didn't miss the single body occupying one half a corner couch.