
"Yes. It was Cain."
From the corner of my eye, I noticed something change in my fathers' faces, but I couldn't break away from Mazin's and the fact that he was in no way surprised by the revelation. "Is that so? What a gentleman. Did anything else unusual happen?"
Unsure, I looked to dads. Rajy nodded me on, so I reached into my back pocket and pulled out the slop of paper. "When I was walking earlier, I found this stapled to a stop sign, and-" I swallowed a curse. After peeling the paper apart, I found the ink to be nothing more than blurry clouds, perfectly illegible.
Damn it.
"May I see?" he asked, and absently I handed the papier-mâché to him. His strong fingers cradled it gently, and the golden wedding band on his ring finger gleamed. He studied the fuzzy surface, but not even a hint of an impression from the tip of the pen remained. "Whoever wrote this didn't want anyone except you to read it. You shouldn't tell us the words."
He handed the paper back and I accepted it just as absently. "What-really?"
"The words weren't meant for us. Just as well, don't tell anyone else you found this. Each additional pair of ears who hears will further endanger whoever left this for you."
"Who would leave this for me?"
"Someone you don't know yet, I'd suppose." He hesitated again. The words of departure struggled on his tongue, and he ended up floundering a second time. He settled for awkwardly lifting his arm, a twitch of a movement, and resting his hand on my shoulder. His palm was warm, and now that the night had finally cooled, the heat wasn't unpleasant. He nodded again, another twitch of a movement, and forced out a strained, "Goodnight, Kali."
I watched him leave. His toe caught on the mat and he tripped outside. The door clicked shut and the electric engine barely hummed as it started. I only knew for sure that he was pulling out when the grating of his tires against the gravel faded away.
"Go change, Kali," Rajy said. "Quickly. We need to talk."
I didn't expect that particular phrasing. Struck me as strange. But, for tonight, I was out of disobeying strength and operated under normal Kali mode. That, and the guilt ate away at my stomach until I found myself in my bedroom, stripping down my soggy clothes, toweling off, and redressing into my sleeping shirt and sweatshorts. When I returned, dads hadn't moved from their silent positions in the slightest, and the weight in their eyes hadn't abated.
Rajy gestured me to sit where Mazin had been. The cushion was still warm with the heat from his body, and my sensitive nose picked up his familiar earthy scent. "Where's Toivo and Carmi?" I asked.
Rajy rubbed at the line of his jaw. He needed a shave, too. "We sent them to the grocery store. They shouldn't be much longer, so we mustn't tarry."
"You're not going to tell them too?"
Lio inhaled through his nose. "In time, Kali. We've decided to tell you first."
"Why?"
"Because the other two are not quite ready."
My lips pressed together. My fingers folded at my knees with my trained posture. "But I'm more 'ready' when I ran away out my window and vanished without telling anyone where I was going?" A lot like Solara, herself?
Rajy aimed a very meaningful look at me. "It was very clear where you were going, Kali. There aren't many places you'd feel comfortable hiding out until after dark."
Right. I was an idiot.