
I held his gaze as I said, “I’m just following orders.”
And he held mine as he said, “I think that’s the problem.”
“Why is that a problem?”
“Because you’re scared and you won’t let yourself be.”
My lips pressed together. Suddenly I hated the fact that he could read me like a large-print book. I hated that I was so simple that he could figure me out as easily as a game of hopscotch. It had been fun when it was just a game, even fun when he was explaining to me how obvious my being a demon was, but now I didn’t like it.
I wanted to be more complicated to him.
The corner of his mouth pulled into a light smirk. “I found it.”
Heat stung my face. “Found what?”
“The one secret you don’t want to tell me about.”
I turned fully to him, hands on my hips, accepting his challenge. “Yeah? So what is it?”
“You don’t know anything about yourself.”
He waited for me to refute that. He must have seen it build up in my throat, must have seen my face twist up in preparation for the geyser of arguments to shoot from my mouth. I waited for it too. But it never happened.
I couldn’t tell him he was wrong.
The ceiling creaked above us. Even with only the dull stove light and duller moonlight to paint him before me, I watched the color drain from his face. Panic surged inside him, so palpable that I could taste it hot across my tongue. His hands caught my shoulders and he ushered me toward the archway of what must have been the door to the garage at the other end of the room, just as feet padded down a nearby set of stairs.
His voice dropped to a whisper that human ears would never have picked up. “Stay here. Don’t move, don’t even—breathe.” It wasn’t fear in his eyes, but before I could pin it, he ripped away from my side and rushed to meet the pair of feet.
“Jason?” A woman’s voice, lethargic. “Did I hear someone else?”
“I was on the phone,” he said.
“About what?”
A thought hit me. He’d said that he had never let in a vampire, and his mother had never let in a vampire, but he hadn’t mentioned any other relatives. Was this big house only for the two of them?
“A friend of mine lost something at school. She called me to see if I could do the thinking for her.”
“Could you?”
“Not successfully.”
“What was it? Are kids taking pipes to school these days?”
He didn’t answer her. From the hot silence and the way I heard him shift, I could tell a remark boiled in his mouth, probably a stupid one, and the wiser choice was to not speak at all. I didn’t think he had that sort of discipline.
I dropped down soundlessly into a squat and leaned to the side, attempting to peek around the bend. The best I could see were the backs of Jason’s heels.
Something shuffled near him, fabric or hair, and feet moved. “What were you doing at the back door?”
Why did this woman distrust him so much? What was the big deal? She couldn’t be his mom, could she? Neither of my dads would be so suspicious of me, unless it came to finishing my assignments. Then they knew everything I said was a lie.