
The thought of a woman who reduced Lio to half the man he normally was pinched at my throat and made it difficult to swallow. He had only just finished telling me that the Amon reincarnation had to come into power by collapsing inside, and after seeing such a side of him, I knew...
Lio knew what it meant to collapse.
The subject of his drawing caught my attention. I shifted the sketchbook into my own lap, knocking a few soft charcoal stems rolling across the table. The light fell across the paper and the face of a woman I had never seen before. Her features were soft, fragile yet strong in the way of the faces of Grecian women set into marble. Some of his lines were so sure, so refined. Her eyes had been crafted lovingly, the gentle pucker of her lips, the bridge of her nose and the way the light reflected off the valley of her cheeks. I flipped the page. There she was again, the curves of her body, I could have reached into the drawing and pressed my fingers into her flesh, and she would be real.
I flipped the next page. The woman again. And the next page, and the page after that. The same woman on the yellowed pages, the same woman staring back at me, eyes pinched with the ability to see inside me, lips poised as if she were close to smiling, teasing, daring me to make her smile. This sketchbook was older, the edges frayed and the pages stained.
The bedroom door opened again. I stood and the three men filed out. The atmosphere had changed. Whatever they had talked so quietly about had killed the lighthearted banter between them.
Mazin gestured to me. "We're going on a little day trip, Kali."
Minutes later, we tucked ourselves into a town car awaiting us out front of the hotel. Mazin said nothing to the driver when the valet shut the doors and the car pulled away into traffic.
Mazin gestured to the cabin. "My mode of transportation changes with every trip. Spies won't know what to look for if they're trying to track my travels."
"Where are we going?" My fingers picked at the clean shirt my dads had brought for me.
"It's my understanding that you're still questioning your role. I hope to remedy that."
My head lowered. As we rolled and jerked and snaked between the giant metal pillars of the city, the advertisements watched and grinned at me and showered me with fireworks. "How?"
"I have something to show you."
The yellow Liberty Bridge made the car feel like a cueball on a pool table, and when I braved peeking through the window and past the towering fingers of cable, the endless stretch of the greenish brown Monongahela made all my hair stand on end. Rajy told me that the rivers had once run like sludge because of the waste from the steel mills, which would have been an even worse fate for demons: we did not float. Our muscle was so dense that we plummeted like anchors.
That was not a good thought to have at the moment.
I slouched in my seat, the color draining from my cheeks, and Mazin's face lightened with a tickle of a smile. He tried to distract me with small talk. It almost worked.
On the south shore, we followed a road parallel to the railroad tracks. As the sun boiled down into the late afternoon hours, we arrived at a simple squat building perched at the edge of the river, overlooking the glowing teeth of the city. The structure could have passed for any simple storage warehouse, mundane brick-and-mortar, the windows stained with decades of age, a few panes boarded up with curdled planks of wood.
A rusty chain-link fence guarded a parking lot of cracked and broken asphalt. Patches of weeds puckered at its seams and the painted dividers had been washed away by rain and sun.