
I sensed Carmi's movement and turned in time to catch the sword he tossed me. I freed the blade, sheath in my other fist, and twisted for Leon and his bloody nose. Only a matter of seconds had passed. He was still recovering, still cringing, but when I charged at him, his arm sliced the air and he deflected my heavy blade precisely with his revolver. Metal screamed. He aimed at me with the other gun and my foot struck his wrist. I whirled around to power up momentum and landed my heel square in his solar plexus.
He staggered and tumbled into inkblots of shadow, so I wasted no time in rushing up to Jason's side to cover where Toivo had been lured away.
Jason stayed low on his knees, but there wasn't a battle he couldn't watch, especially one that he was part of. "Kali, I need to tell you something."
"What—"
A vampire took aim and I barely managed to dodge the bullet. When I wheeled back around, I unleashed the blade of my sword like a very big throwing knife. The blade speared his chest and knocked him down. It would take more than that to kill him, but it was enough to knock him out of the count for a while.
I tried again. "What is—"
"Kali!"
A hand grabbed my wrist and wrenched me to the side as a pair of bullets flew past. Carmi snagged one of the concealed knives from my boot and hurled it at the offending vampire. The knife struck his chest.
But it was strange. Why did I feel like the vampire's aim had been completely off the mark?
Why did this still feel like a stage?
The next pair of gunshots stopped me cold with Toivo's cry of anguish. I spun around without thinking.
Toivo grasped his shoulder. I couldn't see the bullet. No exit wound. But I knew it was in him, and I didn't think when I pushed off the ball of my foot and moved for him.
I had been trained to fight all my life. I had been taught how to hide and how to move silently. I had been advised on what fights I could handle and what I couldn't. I knew how to track things. I could survive on the barest of essentials.
But I didn't know how to handle the threat of losing someone I loved.
I'd only gotten a few steps when I noticed out of the corner of my eye a vampire took aim. I saw it. I recognized the threat, and I even stopped. But I was too stupid to think. All I could see was Toivo, staggering from the fresh wound.
The vampire's trigger finger squeezed.
And then Jason leapt between us.
He must have seen it. He must have kept track of where each vampire was aiming at all times. He must have familiarized himself with the strategy, everyone's movements, and known what would happen even before a bullet had been planted in Toivo's body. This was only another dodgeball game to him, but he never sacrificed himself for the game.
The gun chamber exploded with a bullet.




(Copyright © 2013 Sarah Godfrey. Please alert the author at keyboardsmashwriters@gmail.com if you are seeing this work posted in full outside of SarahandVictoria on Wattpad.)
