
"No," he continued, "what we mean is that you've decided that this matters to you. Haven't you? Your two brothers haven't arrived at the same point you stand now."
I considered it. Maybe there was more truth to those words than I thought I could admit.
Toivo, when Cain had brought me back after Solara had taken me to him, had wrapped his arms around me and vowed that he'd never forgive her for what she'd done and almost done. Even now, ten years later, he had still resolved to hate her for very nearly destroying our family.
I knew hate was easier for him to stomach than how he really felt, but he didn't.
As for Carmi, I'd wager he'd sooner believe Solara hadn't actually truly left, that she was only on an extended vacation, and she'd return home someday. Her room still sat how she had left it, after all. Lio might have put away her clothes, dusted, vacuumed, and occasionally washed her sheets, but the invitation had always been there.
I lifted my chin. "Am I not allowed to tell them?"
Rajy offered an absent gesture. "Tell them if they truly want to listen, if you thoroughly believe they will listen."
That was the ultimate qualifier: if they will listen.
Dads were right. I felt it heavy in my chest that Toivo and Carmi wouldn't hear a word of it. So, I straightened my slouch, clamped my folded hands, and said, "Okay. Then tell me."
Lio's attention switched to his brother, who had to ready himself with a deep breath before he said, "Truthfully, we cannot identify the cause of the darkness that fulminated within her. There are theories, but unless we were to get our hands on her and test those theories, then theories they will remain. Whatever the cause may be, the effect is what you witnessed: she became warped. When..." he had to stop, swallow a bad taste and restrain a sour expression before he pushed out, "Cain returned you to us, even he remarked that her power was extraordinary."
I remembered. Her compulsion had flooded my brain and left every danger instinct sodden. Her ability to traverse shadow and great distances with a passenger was abnormal.
I tried to swallow and couldn't. "What sorts of theories?"
"Darker theories." Rajy allowed a thick silence to pass. "Devil possession. Dark magic, the antithesis of holy. She could be feeding on something now that would boost these powers, and in that sense, she would be even stronger than she had been before."
Those words scared me.
I scrutinized him. Both of them. Their cryptic eyes, their sapped postures, the way Lio rubbed his charcoal-smeared knuckles in his lap. I said, "You don't believe any of those are it."
"No." Rajy leaned forward with his elbows to his knees, palms together, closing the void of space between us a little more. "Because if it had, we trust that it would have been confirmed by now."
As in, I would have been able to tell.
I wasn't sure if that was so true. "What set her off that final time?"
"She learned of the reincarnations. We've known for quite a while about the seer's prophecy."
"That's the basis of our knowledge on the reincarnation theory? Because of a seer? Aren't prophecies volatile at best?"
Rajy's gaze slid to his brother, who shifted from the new attention. He was reluctant to take center stage, but he cleared his throat and looked at me. "She, the seer, is very good at what she does. We've been relying on her for quite a long time-a very long time."