
Carmi didn't hesitate to pull on the band of Toivo's jeans and hook the gun against his abdomen, but Toivo wasn't so pleased. "Leaving him completely vulnerable is no better than leaving him alone in the house—"
Not a flicker of hesitation hindered Jason's conviction as he said, "You're walking into a trap anyway. A gang of vampires doesn't step into neutral territory, armed, to find a house of human teenagers, wait for them to return from school, and make themselves invisible to all but one of them."
My fingers twitched around the oh-shit bar. "Yuuhi wouldn't set up a trap for us."
"Why not?" Jason switched to me, accepting the challenge. "If a higher power tells him to do it, does he have a choice?"
"And what higher power is high enough to shatter the treaty?"
The silence continued. I was pleased as I stared hard out the window, watching the houses grow older and the acreage of properties shrink. The trees became sparser, until only dense copses dotted the manmade infrastructures as old as our original house. The cars here were smaller, simpler, dirtier, from the constant rain and mud.
And then Jason said, "A higher power who wants war."
I froze. Everything outside turned to a blur.
Toivo glanced at Jason with doubt struggling across his face, but it was Carmi who said, "Our last war—our last real declaration of war was during the Dark Ages in Europe."
The name of that war changed between species. For humans, it was the birth of the Holy Coalition of God and its holy hunters, and the war was named the War of the Covenant.
For demons, it was known as the Great Purging.
For vampires, it had no title, because Cassius refused to name it.
That war had been out of desperation. Our population had been so few, we'd been a threatened species, and Cassius at the time had sought to remove us entirely—although he had never admitted to such. It just so happened that armies of vampires had amassed during the spread of the Black Plague and decimated us, and in a time where extinction seemed probable, we'd had no choice but to align ourselves with the Holy Roman Church.
It was because of that war that vampires walked away with new curses, as in needing invitation to enter a sanctuary, susceptibility to anything purified, such as holy water, a severe reaction to silver, and a debilitating weakness to screams.
Vampires were supposed to be the perfect predator. After that war, things changed.
Cassius had never called for true war since such a devastating loss, and we never had because we still couldn't afford to risk our numbers.
Jason shook his head, slowly, thoughtfully, staring straight ahead. "If you don't destroy overgrowth for long periods of time, all it takes is a match during a dry season, and you've got wildfire. Maybe that's what he wants to do."
Those were dangerous words, yet I could imagine someone like Ares being unafraid to say them.
Carmi spun his phone around and around in his hand. "It wouldn't be all that weird, that he would want a war when the original Alliance's war god is alive again."
Toivo let loose a humorless laugh. "More paradoxical when you know that Ares and Cassius absolutely loathed each other."
The tension in Jason turned palpable. I heard him swallow, and I heard every breath press against the constriction of his chest. We descended a steep hill, his hand against the dashboard as the tall, narrow sardine houses flashed past. Weeds flourished between every crack and crevice of asphalt bleached pale gray from decades of sun.