
He narrowed his eyes. "How would you know what happens when demons have sex?" Cinders burned in my lungs, but he continued. "You think you know because Rajy gave us a summary of what happens physically and Lio gave us a stunted discussion about the fact that we had to be careful? Do you really think you understand what happens because of dads' light and delicate elucidation?"
Of course I didn't.
And I didn't think I ever would, either. I wasn't allowed to leave the property, so how could I find someone? How could I ever know what it was like to have a mate, or do as demons did and intertwine with their mate? How could I ever know what it was like for a demon to become one with that special someone else for the rest of their lives?
I hadn't been privileged to have the freedoms that Toivo did. I didn't get to attend college and have jobs and spend money and go out with friends and meet people and become part of their lives.
And he had used that as a weapon.
I could never beat him when he asked, 'How would you know?'
I let loose a few cinders from my chest with a quavering breath. "You're not taking this seriously, Toivo."
"I'm not taking this seriously? Really, Kali? Because I'm not afraid of a little interaction, I'm not taking this mission more seriously than you are? Despite how you ventured to Jason's house, and the next day, despite how he won't speak a word to you, I have less of an understanding of what's at stake here than you do?"
A knife plunged into my stomach. He had reached down my throat, through the blazing coals, and ripped out my vocal cords.
I looked him straight in his eyes, his gaze so sharp that he could cut my flesh if he glared any harder, and I saw Rajy.
I wanted to sling my fist across Toivo's face.
He had no idea. His ignorance, arrogant and pleased with himself, shoved the knife even deeper into my stomach, bleeding the coals through a hole in my gut. I hated this cabin, and I hated this truck, and I kicked open the door and threw myself out.
"Kali! Get back into the car!"
No.
I wanted to say it, but my voice still wouldn't function. The word would have burned a hole through my tongue anyway, but it felt good to rehearse it in the safety of my mind.
No, no, no, forever no.
It felt so good. It felt good to march away and ignore orders, for my feet to stomp the asphalt as cars pulled out around me and filed into the endless line of exiting traffic. It felt good that these were my own steps, that I could walk away.
I could walk away.
My eyes burned and prickled when Toivo rushed up from behind. He grabbed my upper arm and tugged back. "Kali, seriously, get back in the truck."
I reacted automatically. My fist swung and collided with his jaw. Pain split my knuckles, but the euphoria numbed the worst of it. He staggered with a grunt, completely taken off guard, and I yanked my other arm free and reconnected enough wires to push from my mouth an ashy voice. "I'm walking. If you don't like it, you can go cry to dads and tell them all about it later. Make sure you take away what little freedom I have, okay?"
I didn't give him the chance to let the words sink in, or to recover, or to anything. I left him there, my legs quivering with every step, a tingle starting at my fingers and moving up my hands, fire on my tongue and in my throat.