

As I hugged to his side, I diverted my attention to the pair of girls beside me. One of them walked with her telephone in hand as her friend asked her, “You gonna try out for the musical this year?”

“Yeah, but I better get a fucking lead this time. I’m sick and tired of waiting for the upperclassmen to graduate so that I can be deemed ‘worthy’ of a real part.”

“It’s such bullshit. You sing a hundred times better than what’s-her-face, but her mom totally bought her the part with how much cash she belched in donations.”

“Seriously, right? Though, if Rosie decides to go for a part this year, honestly, I’m totally fucked.”

“Yeah, well—”

A heatless arm caught my shoulders and yanked me back just in time for skateboard wheels to grind past. A pair of boys laughed and called out an insincere ‘Shit, sorry!’ mostly to the two ruffled girls I’d been eavesdropping on. An adult human in a polo shirt with the word ‘proctor’ across the back signaled out the two boys with an easily ignored index finger waving in the air.

My fur stood on end when I glanced up at Yuuhi. His arm had slithered around my frame so fast that it reminded me how old he actually was.

And how dangerous.

I tried to swallow again. The lump got stuck.

He coaxed me on with a casual tick of his head. His arm fell away from me, but his fingers left an impression in my flesh like ice on glass.

We passed a pair of armed security guards, their eyes scanning the crowds for people exactly like us, and then we crammed through the front doors. I leaned into him, afraid to so much as brush the other humans. The slightest skin contact with other superhuman and supernatural beings before had blown their cover instantaneously—at least, it had for me. Humans didn’t seem to have these senses, as if they had built up some sort of strange tolerance against sensing other species. Some might be particularly sensitive to some categories of the supernatural, like ghosts, especially the more virulent ones, but there was a vast difference between the powers of the living and the influence of the spiritual.

I glanced up at Yuuhi as we maneuvered through the cacophonous hallway. So many voices buzzed in my brain at once that I didn’t understand how any one human could understand another. But Yuuhi was ever calm, more so than I expected for what he was. Bodies brushed past him, intense heat and pungent hormones clouded us, eclipsed only by the acrid chemicals of hairspray and clothing detergent and perfumes and colognes and deodorants. My sinuses burned and my nose tingled. He showed no sign of anything affecting him.

We reached a wall of lockers. He stopped between two separate steel doors, pulled his sunglasses from his face, and nodded to the identical padlocked panels. “You know how these work, don’t you?” He perched his sunglasses on his head like a tiara.

Right.