
Because it spelled out the worst for me.
Both dads' heads had already switched to us, startled by the explosive entrance, and they halted whatever easy conversation they'd been in the midst of.
Lio turned inquisitive eyes between us, his ponytail a little tamer today. "Another lively day at school, I suppose?"
I opened my mouth. Toivo beat me to it. "Kali has something she wants to tell you."
Both pairs of red eyes shifted to me. The new attention felt like I was roasting.
Rajy rested his hands on the armrests. "Do you, Kali? Well, then. Out with it."
I elbowed Toivo, hard, in the ribs, and he grimaced with a grunt and a stumble. I shoved the backpack into his chest, and he juggled it as I forced myself to approach dads. "Um. So, last night...I...might have forgotten to mention a little thing that Toivo thinks is, uh...vaguely important..."
Carmi watched now as well, the dark blue of his eyes wide with excitement. Big sister had done something stupid again, and soon there would be fodder for him to poke fun at me and be obnoxious.
Rajy nodded. "You're stalling."
I was a very practiced staller. "The 'rogue' last night was Solara."
My admission had to sink in. When it did, Rajy was on his feet, a rosy red swelling in his cheeks. "She was the one who assaulted you last night? And you neglected to mention such a thing? Or did you purposely forget?"
My hands closed into fists. The spark of rebellion fired through me. "She didn't assault me, she—"
"Aimed a firearm at you, did she not? And she would have been rather successful if your vampire counterpart hadn't been hovering nearby to distract her. Why wouldn't you tell us this? And why ever are you blasted soaking wet?"
My gaze shifted to the floor, brow furrowed and lips tight. "I didn't want anyone to think that she was...I just..."
Toivo stepped in. "Kali thought she smelled her after school. She chased after the scent."
I shot him a look of death and torture and worse things, but Rajy's quiet implosion dragged my attention back to him with my head and ears low, my tail between my legs. Rajy pinched the bridge of his nose, his other hand in a bone-crushing fist at his side.
When I caught sight of Lio, I did a double-take. He remained so reserved on the couch, with Rajy stealing the spotlight, I hadn't noticed him simply sitting there, pallid, his hand wrapped around his jaw in quiet shock. He stared through the wood of the coffee table, through the floor, and through the earth.
Rajy reined in his temper enough to say, "Kali, do you understand why it's imperative that we know of this? The last we saw her, she stole you away from us, and had circumstances been even slightly different, we'd have never seen you again."
My shoulders fell. "She was only going to change me, and even if she'd been successful, I would've come back—"
"No, she would not have simply turned you. She would have erased your memory of us."
The words echoed against the walls of my skull.
The name-stealing technique was now extremely illegal around the world, but I couldn't help envisioning her erasing my memories. I couldn't help envisioning her pumping my veins full of venom, allowing it all to circulate and swell in my brain, like a concussion. My recent memories would have been incinerated first. Then everything else.
Everything except her.