
Aemilius turned on him and took a step closer, standing at just about the same height so that their eyes were level. "There is always a way. There were two deaths here, am I wrong? You can sense it where the rest of us cannot. The first death is right here before us. The second death was your daughter, but where is she?"
#
Toivo tumbled slowly into consciousness, and only because the bed had suddenly hardened. It wasn't comfortable at all. And where was the pillow? Where was....Was that a cat? Were those many cats?
His eyes popped open. The Chihuahua had parked herself in front of his face, and upon making eye contact with Toivo, she leaned her bug-eyed head down and swiped Toivo's nose with her tongue. All three cats had curled up beside him, one of which was in a loaf-shaped position up on his back. As soon as he shifted, they leapt away.
He climbed to his knees and looked all around.
This was the kitchen.
Sometime during the night, he had ended up in the kitchen. Sleep-walking had never been an issue with him, so how had he...?
Soft footsteps sent a tremor through the floor. Ave appeared beside him, eyes wide, hair a nest about her head. Whatever she had been ready to spit out unraveled in her throat when she saw Toivo. "Was the bed too comfortable for you?"
She most likely didn't mind seeing him on his knees on the floor, but this wasn't the right time. No, this wasn't the right time at all. An unrelenting itch had pulled his nerves taut, and as he stood, the cats scattering and the Chihuahua shivering, he pushed back his wild bangs. "Where's Kali?"
Ave's hands shot out, splayed and desperate. "I was going to ask you that. I don't have her."
Time grinded to a stop.
"What?" was all he could say.
She buried her fingers in her hair. "She wasn't in bed with me. I thought...I thought you'd have her."
His nerves pulled even tighter. Words failed him, and instead of sputtering uselessly, he turned—and spotted his phone sitting precisely on the kitchen table. Why was it there? Had Kali used it? Did she even know how?
He rounded Ave and marched for the hallway. The door to the spare room hung open, and when he plowed inside, Carmi sat upright, sleep still in his eyes, as if he had also just awoken.
"Where's Kali?" Toivo didn't mean to sound so demanding—it simply came out that way.
Carmi wasn't completely cognoscente, so he shrugged and slurred out, "Why don't you ask Ave? She's right behind you. Where's my phone?"
Toivo glanced the nightstand.
Carmi's phone was also missing.
Ave's gaze shifted between Carmi and Toivo with her hands still hovering out in front of her, reaching for nothing at all. "Call it."
That was a good idea. He rounded her, his fingertips grazing her hip as he sidled past, and in a blur he was in the kitchen with his phone to his ear, Carmi's number dialed.
Straight to voicemail.
He stared down at the screen, waiting for the device to magically change its mind, waiting for Kali to call back and explain she had pressed the 'ignore' button by accident. She didn't. He tried again. Voicemail.
The phone was either off, or...his eyes swerved to the window, the world outside submerged in a flood of rain.
His stomach churned. Nausea bloomed in his body like he'd never known before, infecting the very blood that seared in his veins. Suddenly he wasn't sure if he could hold up his own weight.