
Yuuhi and I stood at the foot of the bleachers, his sunglasses dangling from the collar of his shirt. He caught me giving the packs of teens a crinkled brow and said, “I’m beginning to think that this puzzled face of yours isn’t actually a puzzled face, but simply the way your face is.”
“I’ve read about clans, but I’ve never seen them in person before. Not like this.”
“Have you ever been to a mall?”
“A mall? Is that a shopping center?”
He cleared his throat and rearranged his thoughts. “Most everyone has a group of friends, Tails. It means survival.”
The corner of my mouth lifted with a humorless smile. “From what? This place is littered with proctors and armed security at every main doorway. There’s no predator here—”
He shook his head. “A predator doesn’t necessarily mean someone or something that’s going to eat them, Kal. Not all predators seek to feed or torture physically, or I suppose you haven’t noticed at all the dirty looks that many girls have given you when they see you clinging to my side in the hallways.”
My nose wrinkled up. “What? Dirty looks? Why? I haven’t insulted anyone today. And I don’t cling to your side.”
The stupid crooked smirk climbed to his face again. I hated that smirk and the way it pinched his eyes with a sense of knowing better than I did. I wanted to punt his face into the sky and name it as a new star. “I’ve decided your naiveté is cute, Tails. No, don’t look at me like that. It was a compliment.”
Right.
I didn’t know what a mall meant, so I couldn’t recognize condescending.
“Hey, Andrews!”
Both of our heads turned, but it was clear by the group of boys, one of which was juggling a basketball, that the call to arms had not been addressed to me. Yuuhi immediately stepped into character. “What’s up?”
It was one of the boys that Yuuhi had made easy friends with during the day. “You play ball, don’t you? C’mon, let’s see it.”
Yuuhi scoffed. “You don’t want me to play. I’ll wipe the floor with the other team. It’ll be ugly.”
The members of said other team jeered. It seemed to be a regular practice for boys to make loud noises when they approved or disapproved of something. Oftentimes, a fine line separated what they approved or disapproved of, such as when I’d been walking at Yuuhi’s side down the cramped hall and a group of boys erupted into tortured battle cries—over a picture of a naked woman on a telephone.
One of the boys from the other team threw his hand into the air. “Fuck you, Andrews.”
Another boy said, “Bet your sister plays better than you.”
Why did I have to be dragged into this cockfight?
“I won’t lie.” Yuuhi lifted his hands to concede the point. “She could turn any one of you into a basketball and shoot you straight through the hoop without trying. Isn’t that right, Kali?”
“What?” was all I could manage.
“Bullshit!” boy one of Team Other said. “I’m calling your bluff, Andrews.” He grabbed the basketball from boy two and hurled it straight to Yuuhi’s chest. He caught it, the impact causing his body a shiver. Yuuhi wasn’t especially strong, after all, if not toned only enough to take a hit from something like me and survive. Maybe.