
I caught his cue and gratefully fell right into step. “Wasn’t it you? Making friends over there at the art supply department?”
“Yes.” He displayed a 4B pencil quite proudly, demonstrating his new ‘friend’, and began to refine his technically perfect three-dimensional sphere. “You can’t turn in a drawing that looks worse than something Carmi’s done, Kali.”
“What! What’s wrong with my Kirin?”
Finally, the distraction worked. The two boys dropped their critical glares to lean in and give my dragon bug eyes. Yuuhi snorted. “That’s supposed to be your god’s dragon form?”
“I thought you were drawing a sperm.” Jason leaned in even closer. “With blue hair.”
With an indignant huff, I snapped out my arm and held the paper far away from them. “God isn’t the politically correct label, Yuuhi. Weren’t you paying attention in class today?”
He gave me a look that clearly said, ‘Oh, and were you? Passing notes back and forth and ignoring the evocative tree that the professor had painstakingly committed to the board?’
I ignored him and turned on Jason’s drawing instead. “What is that, anyway? A ball about to hit the wall?”
“It’s a sunset.” He rotated it for the proper angle of display. “I’m not an artist, but if I draw something terrible in the beginning of the year and finish off the year with something like what Big Brother is drawing,” Toivo grunted at him, “then I get an A for effort.”
Of course he would think to do that.
My art skills had completely plateaued. I could do no better than this Kirin-dragon-antichrist-sperm, and by the end of the year, I would most likely draw another Kirin-dragon-antichrist-sperm, right down to the same amount of green-blue whiskers. Lio had tried. He’d put forth a genuine effort. But when I drew my first Kirin-dragon-etc. a couple decades ago, after a hundred hours of artistic instruction, he had thrown his arms into the air and preached, ‘Jesus, take the wheel.’
That had been the end of my art career.
The partial group of Jason’s hive that shared the other half of our table erupted into laughter. The guy on Jason’s other side elbowed him and drew him into the conversation, and when the professor called for cleanup soon after and Toivo’s new friend bounced up to bother him again, Yuuhi capitalized upon the distractions and sidled up beside me.
“Here.” He slid his paper in front of me. Four highly stylized sketches of the same girl stood side-by-side in various poses, long legs emphasized, limbs slender but shoulders and thighs strong, hair down to her hips and full of body, a honeyed shade of brown. Each of the figures wore a different outfit, and the memory of Solara’s fashion magazines prickled at the back of my skull.
My eyes stayed on the sketches as I asked, “What is this?”
“I proportioned everything and orchestrated each line to put a spotlight on your legs.”
I stopped, analyzed the drawings a second time, and then my eyes ticked up to his. “What? Me? This is—I don’t look like this.”
“Not exactly, of course not.” He leaned closer and pointed to the leftmost drawing. “See, this is a winter coat, very streamlined and fitted to your torso and shoulders and arms. But see how it pleats out like a frock coat with the extra volume? A perfect silhouette for your legs. I have a feeling it’s not something you’ve thought about, but it’s easy to tell your legs are all muscle, and I think that says a lot about who you are.”