
I felt like I needed to tell her something, to deny something, but I didn't know what. I wanted to console her, I wanted to promise her that he loved her, but upon seeing what it did to her, I had the sense it would only backfire.
My gaze shifted to the floor. "He's still taking care of us." By sending us to her.
"He is, isn't he? I'm even gladder—glad someone else saw he's not a total ass hat, and glad for you."
"Glad for me, why?"
"Because that means you have him watching your back." She guided her soft hair from her face. "I don't know much, but I know enough to be happy that you've got him there."
How could she not know much? I had the sense that they'd been together for a long time—a very long time—and if they were still so in love with each other, how was there a thing she didn't know about him?
I didn't ask. Instead, I wrestled with the urge to see him. Aside from my brothers, he was the only other person whose arms had been around me as I cried myself to sleep.
When I was silent, Ave lifted her fingers enough to twine them through my hair, even if her hand shivered ever so slightly. "He'll be back. He's still taking care of you, so he'll have to be back. Until then, we'll keep you safe here."
'He'll have to be back,' she said more to convince herself than to convince me. She wanted him to come back. She probably hadn't seen him in a while.
But they couldn't keep me safe here. If Cassius was involved, if that was truly the man I'd seen that night and what he sought was a new war, then he wouldn't stop until he had just that. Running away wasn't the answer, Elliot was right. Running away would only make matters worse for everyone, because I knew my brothers wouldn't stop looking for me, even if it meant plunging into the same danger that I was sinking fast into.
But sitting here and waiting for the sky to fall on my head wasn't the answer, either.
I lifted my gaze. Amon stood on the other side of the coffee table, his arms ever crossed, patient and still. His eyes told me stories that I couldn't hear. His eyes told me what to do, but he didn't say it. He didn't need to.
Amon and I might have been similar, after all, but we weren't the same person.
I peeked up at Ave. "Let's try for sleep again."
"Yeah?" Her hand scratched through my scalp and I nuzzled her fingers. Contact was nice. Having her presence beside me warded any sense of loneliness, or any stinging thought of my brothers, and molding to her came naturally.
Solara used to stroke my hair, too, after all. Gentle fingers that combed my hair into pigtails. Gentle fingers that tugged the hair ties out at the end of the day. There were so many little things she took with her when she left.
Ave filled that gap.
"Yeah," I said. "Let's get back to your sexy dream."
She held tight to my hand as we waded through the shadows and crawled back into bed, and she held tight to my hand even as we laid there in silence together. The wind carried into the room, toying with my strands of hair, murmuring the secrets of the city, and I still had no inclination to sleep.
Though her eyes were shut, I knew from Ave's breathing that she was still awake with me. She finally broke the silence, but with such a tiny voice that couldn't really break anything. "Is he okay?"