
‘Aren’t mermaids bad?’
She stood up and tossed her gossamer red hair from her shoulders. ‘They’re just jealous of us pretty girls.’
My eyes fell. I wasn’t pretty. She, the only other girl I’d ever known, my sister, was beautiful. She was flawless. I was her shadow, and I didn’t mind it, but I’d never looked in the mirror and seen anything remotely close to her incandescence.
Her hands grabbed mine. ‘Come on.’ She tugged me onto my feet. ‘Stand in the mirror. I’m going to show you how pretty you are. You’re going to believe it.’
But when I stepped in front of the full-length mirror, I didn’t see the body equivalent to that of a thirteen-year-old human like I should have. I saw myself, her dress clinging to my figure instead, the low neckline exposing the subtle curves of my chest and the length of my legs. My hair was down. My face painted like hers, wide gray eyes made wider by smoky shadow. She stood just behind me and rested her head against mine. We were the same height.
‘See, Kali?’
She raised the Beretta at my reflection.
‘See how beautiful you are?’
I jolted awake.
The fragile morning sunlight peeked between my blinds and striped my body. My heart slammed against my chest hard enough that I could hear my ribcage rattle. I scrubbed at my face before glancing the bedside clock. Time to get ready.
After tossing the sheet aside, I planted my feet on the stiff carpet. The cool air felt like frost against sweat that burned my skin.
It took me fifteen minutes to brush my teeth, hammer a brush through my hair until I came away with pigtails, and then throw on jeans and a shirt and boots. Breakfast took another fifteen minutes before Rajy saluted and left for work, and Lio hauled Carmi to school.
Then, it was Toivo and I standing at the front door together. I looked sideways at him. “I don’t know how I feel about this.”
“Should I fill in the blank for you?” Muscles strained as he folded his arms across his chest.
I frowned at him and his stupid smug face. “This makes me feel like an incapable child.”
His eyes shifted to me, bright and blue and stinging me with the memory of Solara. “Vampires turned guns onto you, Kali. No matter how much combat training you’ve had, there’s nothing you can do with a couple well-placed bullets in your chest.”
I grunted. If I tried to argue, the truth would come out.
The ring of the doorbell reverberated off the walls of the quiet house. This was only day two, but it felt like day five.
Toivo pulled open the door. Clouds blotted the sky, tall and buoyant giants that threatened to block out the sun and trap humidity in the atmosphere, stirring the trees with tumultuous winds.
Yuuhi reached up to comb back his hair with his fingers, looking first at me through his ridiculous sunglasses, and then to Toivo. He frowned. “Ah, Big Brother. Shall we be joining hands today as we skip down the yellow brick road on the way to Oz?”
I was at least semi-familiar with that reference, but Toivo’s face told me Yuuhi might as well have challenged him to a wrestling match.
Toivo stood up straighter, maximizing the two inches of height difference. “Do you remember what I said about calling me big brother?”
“I recall it had something to do with my imperfect mortality.” He smoothed back his hair a second time, but the wind only blasted it again into his face. “I say, might you have an umbrella, old chap? I do believe it’s about to rain.”