
It wasn't her, and it wasn't her shadow, and it wasn't anything I'd ever felt before.
It was white with black stripes, and it was massive, and it crushed my chest with a single paw larger than my head, and it bared a mouthful of dagger teeth at me and snarled in my face. The slit pupils of blue eyes widened as the monster focused on me, ears and whiskers flattened. A shifter. It was a shifter. A white tiger.
Fear took over.
The sunlight dimmed from my veins. When I kicked, the claw pressed against my chest, my ribs buckling, legs thrashing. The last of the light leaving my body like mist off water, the tips of the shifter's sickle nails digging into me.
A single man swathed in shadow stepped up behind the enormous white tiger, a grin sliced into a face with black holes for eyes.
"Rest now."
There was no need to question him. All logic, every drop of fear, evaporated from my mind. My head dropped against the concrete and lulled. The last I remembered was seeing the people who had climbed from their stopped cars to watch, to spy, to lift their phones to take video, now littering the ground. Unconscious. Bodies fallen over bodies.
And then my light went out.

#

I didn't dream.
The sleep that encapsulated me had a stranglehold on my thoughts. When I jolted awake, it was as if no time had passed.
I sat bolt upright. That was a mistake. A thousand aches crushed me, my skull split with pain that left me wavering and my stomach turning, and—hands caught my shoulders.
"Kali. Kali, lie back down. It's okay now."
I didn't lie down. I couldn't. I blinked away the haze from my vision and forced myself to focus. Toivo sat perched on the edge of the unfamiliar bed, which was placed in the middle of an also unfamiliar, standard American home type of bedroom with its own bathroom. His hands squeezed my shoulders, strong and unyielding and everything I remembered. Beside me, Carmi sat up, the blanket bunched around his waist and his big eyes aimed up at me.
I didn't have to think about it. I grabbed a fistful of Toivo's shirt and yanked him into my arm, and I dragged Carmi to my chest, and I clung to them until my face twisted up with the oncoming threat of tears. Toivo's big hand rested on my back. Carmi wrapped both arms around me. They were alive. They were real.
And our dads were dead.
Both of them.
Both of our dads were gone.
A sob broke free of me. The guns firing at us, the car crash, the chase. Rajy riddled with bullet holes. Lio with a single bullet to the head. Solara. I couldn't stop the surge of images, the memories and sensations that shocked me and stopped my breath and took a metal crowbar to the back of my head.
"I-I'm..." Choking out the words destroyed me. "I'm s-sorry, I'm so sorry, I—"
Toivo hushed me, and his arm squeezed me to his body. "Don't. We know. It's not your fault—don't even start with it. You're alive, and you're safe, and that's what matters."
I shattered. Sobs wracked me and tears spilled down my cheeks, and Carmi pressed his head against mine and they held me in silence. I cried and I cried until I had no tears left, until I passed out again in their arms.
When I next awoke, it was to the sound of gunfire. I shot up, ready for anything, adrenaline leaving me sick to my stomach, body heaving.