
We rounded the bend and my steps slowed. I knew exactly what I would find because it was what I found every day. This was the place I came back to be safe and secure and locked away from the world, and as it came into view, shivers rattled my bones.
The windows stared sightlessly into the night, glazed over with the meager light of the dark gray clouds. My legs moved mechanically. My feet didn't really feel like mine. My body didn't feel like mine.
This house didn't feel like mine.
My fingertips grazed over the smooth, cold surface of the Prius and left streaks in the damp film of dust. Rajy would never drive this car again. He would never preach to me about corrupt oil companies and the benefit of solar power. He would never order me to plug in my lap belt. I would never hear his voice again.
Movement from the corner of my eye. It was only Leon. He roosted in the crook of a tree trunk and a thick branch, the coyote ready in one hand. His other hand waved. I didn't wave in return. Instead, I glanced back at Yuuhi and whispered, "Did...he really feed on me?"
Yuuhi pushed his hair from his face and tried not to grimace at my words. "Well...like I said before, you weren't any Happy Meal."
"What? Is that a reference to something?"
He tried not to laugh. "Keep going. You're doing well."
I didn't feel well at all, not until the presence of his fingertips at my lower back sparked something hot in my blood. I forced my feet to move again. I planted my boot on the first step of the porch and tested its weight, as if the stair would suddenly collapse on me. It didn't, but the wood creaked as I climbed. As did the next step. And the next. On the porch, I didn't dare look back. I knew if I did, I'd lose my nerve.
My hand curled around the knob. I wetted my lips with my tongue, concentrated hard on the tarnished brass, and tried not to cry out in strain when I pushed the door open.
The hinges creaked. The darkness of the house stared back at me, cold and unfamiliar.
I took my first step inside. The carpet cradled the tread of my boot. Yuuhi followed after me, shutting the door on his heels, and I suddenly felt trapped as I stared at the empty parlor room. The windows would shrink and the door would vanish and I'd be trapped in here forever.
His hand returned to the small of my back. "Keep going. Keep strong."
Keep strong.
I sucked in a deep breath and pressed on. The halls loomed close, the ceiling so low that I thought if I stood any straighter, the top of my head would graze the plaster. I passed the dining room and living room and kitchen and moved into the hallway. I passed my bedroom door and the bathroom door, then Carmi's bedroom and Toivo's bedroom and the ever shut door of Solara's bedroom, and finally reached Rajy's office. My palms eased cautiously against the smooth wood of the door, as if I expected the room to jolt awake with a breath of life at my disturbance.
The windows allowed just enough light for me to make out his empty chair and his desk and his filing cabinets and bookshelves, everything neat and tidy.
It smelled like him in here. His scent, strong like sage with a hint of heat like cayenne pepper, purest in his blood when it stained his shirt and his skin and—
I retreated from the door and pressed my back against the wall. Yuuhi remained at my side, so much more patient than he should have been with me, and as I let my eyes fall shut, I said with a tremble in my throat, "I considered trying to call them, just to see what would happen. Just to see if they really wouldn't pick up again. And I wondered...if we were going to have a proper funeral. And if they do get one, how will anyone find us to tell us? How can we not be there for it?"