
The switch inside of her had been turned on, and now she couldn't turn it off. He plagued her thoughts. "He's doing fine."
He was taking incredible risks, and his vampire parent fed off of him to keep him a part of her, and he was doing a dangerous dance, and his heart hadn't mended after Ave, but...
How could I tell her that?
Her eyes flickered open to see me and to really absorb my answer. Even if nothing could quell the burning in her, even if it hurt, she smiled and then closed her eyes again, and her fingers pulsed around mine.
"Good."
All she wanted was for him to be okay.
I stared up at the ceiling again, and when the night stretched and curled up and finally settled down into a disquieting silence of gusty winds and shifting clouds, the grip of Ave's fingers slackened. Her body relaxed into the stupor of deep sleep.
I rolled my head to the side. Amon stood next to the bed in his usual I-don't-care-about-anything stance and he asked, "Shall I hold her?"
Did keeping her asleep mean making her dream a sexy dream?
He raised a single eyebrow.
A silent sigh fell out of me and I said nothing to him. He vanished from my side, and it only took a matter of seconds before Ave secreted sticky lust again. I eased my hand from hers and, for the second time, pulled back the sheet and crawled out of bed. I dressed myself in jeans and one of Ave's simple oversized shirts. She didn't stir at all when I left the room.
Toivo and Carmi were out cold in the next room. Both of them slept spread-eagle, their limbs entangled and the sheet twisted about their bodies. There were no gunshots to wake them now.
I reached the nightstand and lifted Carmi's tele—er, phone into my hand. Toivo's remained idle on the nightstand, and as long as I had Carmi's, I had a way to contact them.
Maybe I could get my own soon, and actually learn how to use it.
I left the room and made certain the doorknob bolt slid soundlessly into the latch. The cats shifted and lifted their heads again when I stepped into the living room, sleepy eyes unsure of all this movement as I took a seat on the edge of the cushion and tried to figure out the mystery of Carmi's phone.
Before all this began, when Rajy received the initial packet with all my mission information inside, data on Yuuhi had been included. Rajy had made sure everyone's phones had been programmed with his number, as well as Jason's number. Rajy had even tried to teach me how to use everyone's phones, but when I pressed the correct button, the screen lit up and stung my eyes, and it took a moment to figure out how my finger was supposed to stroke the screen. A mostly-correct swipe unlocked the gadget and I ended up with fifty different menu buttons staring back at me.
I watched the minutes drag on as I struggled. By the time I had located Yuuhi's number, it was half past four, and the fire of the city lights had to start competing with the first light of a very colorless, dark day.
I dialed and pressed the phone to my ear and shut my eyes.
After the fourth ring, a frightening feeling coursed through my blood as I realized I might have to do this alone.
But I should have known better.
The line clicked. Shuffling noises. Then, his slurred voice produced, "What now."