
After a long moment of watching water fall on people's heads, he finally said, "Jason."
Oh, hell.
The guy very rarely addressed him by name, and it wasn't necessarily because he thought himself too superior, but because—
"Such a ridiculous name." His hazel eyes landed on him, the corner of his mouth curled with disgust. "Does your mother know exactly what she named you after?"
"I don't think she really gave it that much thought—"
The man whipped away, his toga flaring out theatrically from the sudden movement.
Jason rolled his eyes as dramatically as he could. He turned to find the man heading for the door of the spacious, crisply and modernly decorated, very expensive apartment. "Ares. What have I told you about starting a conversation and then not finishing it? You can't just—where do you think you're going, anyway? To find Kali yourself?"
Ares stopped again with the abruptness of his conversational skills. His free arm lifted to run fingers through his short, dark hair. "Amon has enough of a capacity to mimic the bulging eyes of a pathetic wounded animal at some virtuous, easily manipulated soul who's in possession of a pair of arms and a roof. I haven't a care what he decides to do with his petulant, belligerent, and overall useless self."
Ouch.
Where was the burn ointment?
"Okay," Jason said for lack of anything better to say. "Then, what?"
Ares looked at him from the corner of his eye. "Cassandra lives."
#
I awoke covered in sweat. I peeled apart my eyelids, vision a wash of bright lights and blurry colors. I shifted atop a bed of what felt like sandstone, my body just as stiff and heavy and buried beneath a load of blankets. Pain shocked my chest and my abdomen. My teeth locked with a grimace. Something was attached to my face and my arms, and I didn't like it. It gave me the sensation of being trapped, and when I managed to lift my arms, I liked it less.
Some sort of alligator mouth-shaped clip had ensnared my index finger, the long cord attached to some sort of monitor screen that displayed an array of nonsensical numbers. A fat needle lay buried in the back of my hand, its tube leading up to a suspended bag of liquid. In the crook of my left arm was another needle, a blood-colored tube leading up to a pair of suspended bags.
I tore off the heart monitor's alligator clip and the flat beep of distress drove me up a wall. My fingers pried at a tube beneath my nose that sprayed air into my cavities and I peeled the tape off to free myself. It took what felt like hours before I unearthed myself from the many layers, and when I rolled up my oversized paper gown, I found a patch of cotton gauze taped to the hole in my stomach. Deep red and violet patches swarmed my middle, ugly and wreaking of the scent of death.
How very odd.
Almost as odd as this white-walled box of a room, windowless, with a single door propped open and phosphorescent lights stinging my eyes.
I couldn't recall a moment that had led up to my occupation of this unfamiliar territory, to this—what was it called?
There was no recollection to explain it.
A lovely young lady rushed into the room, dressed in some rather horrifying balloon trousers and a tent for a top. I was reluctant to dignify what she was wearing with the term 'clothes' at all, when clearly she was wearing a sack.