
CHAPTER NINE




After everything that had happened, regret nagged at Toivo for how Kali had taken it. He knew it had to be done, that such a secret was imprudent to keep from dads, and he'd stood there and watched with his wet bag slung over his shoulder, arms folded.
But his resolution changed when Rajy had said, "Go to your room now, Kali. Work on your studies. We'll discuss this later." When Kali swallowed the order and tore herself away, Toivo got a good glimpse of her face and the turmoil she kept a grip on just beneath the surface, steaming in the gray of her eyes.
After what Solara had done to her, Kali should have hated her.
He did.
Solara had very nearly taken Kali away, as if she belonged to her.
Toivo watched Kali vanished into the hall. A moment later, her door slammed and the walls vibrated. Rajy collapsed back into his chair, the will gone from him. His elbows perched on his knees and he smoothed back his short hair with his hands, then he steepled his fingers over his mouth. Lio turned his face away.
Carmi and Toivo locked eyes. No words needed to be passed between them—they could both sense the change in the atmosphere. Carmi sank his teeth into his apple and slid from the chair. No one stirred, not even Toivo, as he crossed the room and left into the hallway.
A moment later, Rajy's rigid spine straightened and he peered up at Toivo with sunken eyes and heavy lines carved in his brow. In a matter of seconds, he had aged decades. "It was right of you to do this, Toivo."
He wasn't so sure now. "Do you think Solara would have actually shot her? Do you think she would have shot to kill her?"
Rajy shook his head. "Who can say anymore? We've not any idea who she is now, yet..."
Yet it could be safely assumed that she was worse than she'd been when she had left. Toivo turned his chin to the world outside the windows. The rain had slowed to a sprinkle, but the maelstrom of wind continued to ravage the trees, more chaotic than before. Branches rained down and leaves fell in waves, rattling in the gutter.
Kali had told him that Rajy and Lio had a key link to Solara's deterioration locked away. What was so bad that they couldn't tell their own children? Perhaps Toivo didn't want to know. Perhaps it would have been better if he kept all the memories of her stowed far away like he had for the past ten years, ever since she had left.
It was easier to deal with it that way.
But it wasn't easier for Kali.
Toivo kept his eyes on the glass as he asked, "Something started happening to Solara before she left. We didn't really ever talk about it, but...you know what it was, don't you?"
Silence was his answer. Neither dad stirred.
He would have pursued his question harder, but Carmi's voice stopped him. "Toivo, I have a perfectly legitimate homework question."
That meant it was the opposite of legitimate.
It didn't matter. Dads would utilize any distraction that sailed their way, and Carmi was perfect. Rajy gestured dismissively. "Help Carmi."
Toivo clenched his teeth. His first reaction was to bellow out, 'No, damn it, this is far more important than Carmi's god damned art history homework, or whatever other innocuous subject it might be,' but he stopped himself when Carmi wrenched on his shirt. Toivo swallowed the rage vomit and looked down at Carmi's four-and-a-half feet. His brother's round eyes ticked meaningfully to the hallway.