
I wouldn’t give him that opportunity.
I threw down my backpack. With my vision cut from the equation, I relied on my other senses. His feet shifted backwards to regain the ground I had taken, and it was all I needed to whip out the blade from my boot and lunge at him.
He vanished into shadow. The swirls of his physical self vaporized from my grasp and returned to the darkness. I could only sense the shadows vibrate around me, as if I were sitting at the bottom of a still pool and feeling another entity move around me in the dark water. The ripples came from everywhere, all directions, bouncing off the walls and raising the tiny hairs along my neck. As my heart pounded away the seconds, as my fingers quivered with anticipation, I held my breath so tightly that I thought my chest would burst.
But as soon as his feet rested solidly on the floor, I felt it. The tiny vibrations traveled through the lacquered boards and into me. I sensed his twenty-foot distance. I sensed his intent to fire at me. With his exact proportions already emblazoned into my brain, I pictured him perfectly, gun raised, left hand bracing his right wrist.
I pivoted on the ball of my foot, twisted my body, and let the dagger fly. With expert precision, the small blade struck the nozzle with a metallic shriek. Yuuhi grunted and recoiled. I moved in. Both hands squeezed into fists and I bolted at him with the agility of a bird’s first leap into flight. He sensed me coming, had enough wherewithal to dodge the swing of my right arm, and then the left. Upon the third swing, he gathered his wits to retreat back into the shadow.
How damned annoying.
I opened my mouth to shout at him to quit being a ponce, but I didn’t get the chance. The shadows rippled, and then his body collided with mine. My chest hit the wall and he pinned me with his body, my knife now his, the edge of the blade pressed against the artery in my neck. His lips moved to my ear and his heatless breath tickled the side of my face and made my toes curl in my boots. “You’re not taking me seriously.”
After a few tries to wrangle the raw thrill in my rattling bones, I managed to say, “I’m taking you as seriously as you’ve demanded of me.”
“Ooo.” I could just picture the mocking of his face, his lips pursed together and his eyes pinched with a hidden smile. “On a side note, Tails, no one has used the ‘of me’ colloquialism since the early Victorian era.”
Fire surged up my throat. “I don’t care! Alright? So I’m not quite savvy in the ways of modern day everyman speech and I’m a terrible excuse for a human teenager—”
“Kali, I wanted to test you.”
I stopped.
He let those words ring before he added, “After you so very effortlessly made that basket, I thought maybe, maybe, it could have been possible that you were chosen correctly for this role after all.”
A heavy sigh left me. “I failed, didn’t I?”
“Extravagantly. You didn’t do too poorly, though, if that helps.”
“Letting me go will ‘help’. I’m not really accustomed to having strange, unfamiliar figures shove me up against a wall, put a knife to my throat, or aim a gun at me—”
The door blasted open.
It was such a shock to my system that I barely comprehended the light that torched my retinas or the gust of wind that overtook me.
Oh.
No, that wasn’t a gust of wind at all.
That was a cyclone of air in the wake of someone who stormed inside the gym, grabbed my assailant with enormous fistfuls of his shirt, and hauled him off of me, a foot into the air. The fog cleared slowly from my vision, but I had to squint and shield my face as I looked upon my rescuer.