
Elliot's lips pressed into a line. "The glass isn't even half empty. There is no glass."
Carmi puckered his lips in defiance and pushed his glass toward Elliot. "There's one, Pessy McPessimist."
Lifting her head, Ave pointed at him with a dumb laugh. "That was a good one."
Much less amused, since peasant humor was far below his tastes, Elliot frowned at the glass of water. "I was speaking on an existential basis. You're so not deep. You don't understand."
"Ohhh, no." Carmi waved his jazz hands. "I don't understand. Toivo, I'm not hipster enough to talk existentialism."
"You never were," Toivo said. "You'd sooner say 'fuck the police', remember?"
"Yes I fucking would."
Surprise wiped everything else off Ave's face as she stared down at Carmi. Elliot only leaned back in his chair and folded his toothpick arms as he said, "Oh, he's not actually that young."
Both Carmi and Toivo turned their eyes to Elliot, but it was Carmi who sat up indignantly and said, "Yeah, Pessy McPessimist? If you're so smart, then what's my actual age?"
He considered him and even Toivo briefly before the gleam of the glasses turned back to Carmi. "Somewhere in your nineties."
The napkin in Toivo's hand fluttered to the table in the same exact fashion as when he had dropped the fork. "High or low nineties?" he asked in a tone that was more like he was asking whether or not Elliot was a Commie spy.
"Low nineties," Elliot said. "Very low."
Carmi reared up onto his knees and aimed a very menacing finger at him. "Hah! You're off by at least a year or two!" He rested his palms against the table and turned a snooty nose into the air. "I'm eighty-nine."
Toivo crossed his arms and tilted the chair on its back legs. "I don't think that's something to be proud of, Carmi."
And, in a flat voice, Elliot said, "Sorry. I overestimated you."
After a few more minutes of idle banter, Carmi climbed down the chair and dodged around the stuffy cats, but when he reached the hallway, all it took was a whiff of her torrential storm of mortification, and he sobered right up.
He pushed open the door and peeked inside. Kali sat on the very edge of the bathtub, her arms hugging herself so tightly that it was as if she were trying her hardest to keep herself from simply crumbling. Her wide eyes stared sightlessly at the floor rug, her face pale and her nails digging into her own ribs.
He collected her into his arms. It was like hugging a cement pole. "What happened, exactly?"
Her head jerked. It took Carmi a moment before he realized she had shaken it in a gesture of 'I don't want to talk about it.'
"You have to eventually tell us what happened," he said. "You can't keep it in like this."
"I'm not ready to."
But didn't he deserve to know? They were his dads too, and so far, all he'd had as evidence to their deaths, the only tangible thing he'd found, was an article in the post about two mysterious, unexplained murders in the city—one of which had been a well-respected Demon Allegiance lord, who had left behind three missing children. No names were being released in order to protect the identity of the children, which meant it was like reading about someone else. It didn't make sense to see it in print.