
A twisted sort of smile broke my face as I continued. "Toivo once told me he envied other kids, because their ignorance allowed them to continue on through their daily lives, whereas he would spend his time at his steel mill job watching the sky, which he said had turned black from the plumes of coal dust at the time. That job got him very sick, since demons are very sensitive to any kind of pollution, but I remembered his eyes at that time. I could picture him watching the city, waiting for the bomb to come down."
Jason remained perfectly still, captivated, waiting with all the investment of a child listening to a bedtime story.
"I was born eighteen-ninety-nine, and I've spent most of the past one-hundred-thirteen years hiding and seeing practically nothing of the wars. Toivo was almost drafted during the Vietnam War. It came to a point where he decided to enlist and hopefully negotiate a better position, since demons were most often used in the heart of the guerilla warfare, but when he took his aptitude test, the recruiter told him to stay in school. Toivo had a very real chance of being sucked up by the cockwar with Russia, so he has a realer idea of war than I do."
I remembered so clearly on the nights I passed by his door, left open just enough for a sliver of light to paint my face, and I'd peek inside and see him sitting on the edge of the bed, waiting for the draft to take him and never bring him back.
I never told him I saw that.
The rain pecked at the windows, drawing me back to the present as I rubbed the side of my face. "And although I don't really know what war's like, I've patrolled this neighborhood for the past century, and I've watched families grow. I've watched children age, get married, have their own children, grow old, and die. I've watched and I've heard their survivors mourn. I know what it sounds like when a house that used to be full of life is suddenly empty. I've watched older houses get demolished for newer houses. I've learned everyone's names and I've made friends with every dog—well, almost every. One is particularly mean, like his owner, but there's not much I can do about that."
My gaze wandered across the spotless tile floor before our eyes met again. Lightning flashed and bleached his skin for half a second. Thunder hammered the clouds. I said, "I might not have seen much of the world, but I've still seen a lot."
His lips pressed together. I could see how my words hung in his mind like the ringing echo of a bell. "It's weird. Yuuhi's told me that demons age slower, both physically and mentally, like they hit their stages in life slower than humans do." He shrugged, shook his head absently. "I guess he hasn't known many demons."
A smile touched my face, gentle at first, and then deepening. Blood warmed in my cheeks and I picked at the hem of my shorts. "Well..."
"You might not have the slightest idea about what the world's like, but..." he combed his frizzy hair back from his face and peeked out the window, "maybe you understand people."
It was my turn to study him. "Why would you think that?"