
Stand.
I had to stand.
I had to get back to my feet, but when I tried, my legs turned to rubber and the stapling pain crippled me down to tears.
I wanted to scream. I needed to scream.
Something primal in me said if I could just scream, the pain would go away.
I tried. My body convulsed and I strained and I tried, but all I could manage was a low, quavering whimper.
Damn it, Kali. Keep strong.
It wasn't my time to die tonight.
Cold metal pressed against my forehead and forced me to look up. The world was a blur. I could barely focus on her and the shadows that wavered behind her, but the nozzle of her gun was unmistakably clear. Her eyes had no more life. She was a doll, empty. Nothing inside her. A vessel for other things to use, for darker things to whisper into her ear and make her dance.
It was only then, as I stared up at her, as the metallic taste of blood snuck across my tongue, that I noticed a new weight in my bloody palm. It was small, and it was cross-shaped, and it burned with the fire of the sun.
Her lips parted. "I'm listening to you, Kali. I'm listening to you now."
Her trigger finger tightened.
Keep strong.
My hand squeezed the trinket in my palm. Strength surged inside me. Resilience and survival instinct set fire to every vein. Light coruscated from flesh, and as she cringed away, I lunged with a cry that burned my tongue and quaked the clouds. I was the sun, and I was power, and I was a daughter and a sister, and that was my strength.
She lurched as a long, double-edged blade of gold speared her body, and her back hit the ground, and I landed atop her with the hilt in my hand. The shadows screamed and the light screamed with it. Blood dribbled down my lower lip as I heaved and choked and felt the world around me tilt, and the tiny drop of blood landed on the cheek of her shocked face.
Normally, it took decapitation to kill a vampire.
But in my body, in my bones, I knew all it would take was this sword, and as I stared at her and watched the life leave her, a smile twitched to her face.
She reached up.
Her fingers smoothed my cheeks. I expected to feel the nothing and the everything that I had in my dream, the true reality, but instead I felt the friction of her heatless fingertips.
In that moment, I regretted everything that had brought us here.
Her brow knotted up, blood pooled around her, and she said, "My d-dear...little sister..." She swallowed, choked on nothing, and pushed out, "I-It...It was C-Cassius."
Her hand dropped to the concrete.
I lost it. I lost everything. The strength in my body shriveled and deteriorated to rust. My face tightened into a sob. It was pain, it was torture and anguish and agony, and it broke me down. I cried and I cried and I pressed my forehead to hers and felt nothing but cold, lifeless flesh. The world shattered around me and there was nothing left.
But there was.
And I couldn't give in yet.
My fingers and toes turned to ice. My stiff body shifted as I fell back to the present. I knew I didn't have the time I needed, knew I had to do something before the internal bleeding did me in. But my own legs refused to obey, and I fell across the pavement.