
I wished I knew how to argue that. But, he was right. I had denied being the reincarnation as hard as I could, and I continued to do so, even now, with this man who could only be the spirit of Amon haunting me, telling me that I was him, that I was thee reincarnation, that there was no question, and that there couldn't be.
And I still refused to believe it.
I stepped around him and marched for the slider door. He didn't call after me or throw any more curse words at my back. All I needed to feel was the burn of his gaze.
When I reentered the house, I slammed the slider shut and made sure to switch the lock, as if that would somehow keep him outside and far away from me.
Butter spattered in the skillet over the stove. The woman hummed a sweet melody as she cooked, and in a sing-song voice, said, "That won't work, chickpea. He's part of you, so you won't be able to lock him up in a room and throw away the key."
I slid into one of the barstools and watched her pile the popping egg with an array of veggies and cheese. My stomach churned needles, but I had no appetite for anything. "What's your name?"
"Most call me Charis these days."
"How does Lio know you?"
'How does' instead of 'how did'.
"We've known each other for a number of years. A few decades. About five." She turned a smile at me that was nowhere near fifty years old, and she smelled perfectly of human, and—
I sucked in a breath. "You're a seer. You're—" I stopped and recanted. "The one who left me the two notes, that was you?"
"Yes...yes, it was. I left you exactly as many as you needed."
"And—are you also a born-again?"
"Yes. A seer in both lives as well."
My hands climbed into the air, reaching for things that couldn't be grasped. "Why...Why couldn't you tell me that my dads were going to be—" I couldn't finish. I stopped myself before the words could make it past the back of my teeth. "You could have stopped this."
"Unfortunately, I can't." She flattened the egg into an omelet, allowed it to sizzle, and then shimmied the omelet onto a porcelain plate. "It's not the job of a seer to change the future, only to alert people of it." She seized a fork and slid the sizzling meal right under my nose. My stomach made a noise that I wasn't sure was hunger. "I'm so very sorry, Kali, I...I truly am, but...nothing I could have done would have changed the future. I had already tried."
Her round eyes lifted to me, a perfect shade of blue, glossy with almost-tears. A handful of needles stabbed past my barrier of numbness, straight into my heart.
She meant it.
She was the woman who filled Lio's sketchbook, who made him sit and wonder what it was like not to be alone again. She was the woman who had something to do with why he was so broken on the inside.
And she meant it.
The remorse and the exhaustion in her eyes were honest, but the weight of her grief carved away at my bubble, and I had to lower my eyes to the plate and take up the fork, just to distract myself. "Thank you. And...you took in my brothers too, didn't you?"
She gave me a smile. "They needed protection, because the ones who were after your fathers were also after them. I'd much rather they have a warm bed and full meals than to be hiding in the bushes, hunter-gatherer-like." She flitted away to resume food preparation. "They've been very kind as well. Cleaning endlessly. Asking when they could come retrieve you. The other hunters put up with them because Toivo is a very good bathroom cleaner."