
He didn't answer right away, as if he hadn't heard my question. As if I hadn't spoken at all. When he shifted, it was to draw in air to ask, "Remember that movie I wanted you to watch?"
The sudden turnaround gave me whiplash. "Um...Angry Girls?"
"Yes. 'Angry Girls'. Let's watch it."

#

He didn't head off to bed like he had initially intended. I had a feeling the 'I'm going to bed' thing was a dismissal tactic he had used many times before, very well-practiced, and perhaps just as effective with whomever he'd used it against.
Instead, I took one half of the corner couch and he took the other, and we drank from the bottle until I couldn't contain my giggles during the movie and began to spill onto the floor. He seemed satisfied with himself, the twat, but he was happy because of the wine, because alcohol made people happy, and he only pretended to be put out when he replaced me on the couch. Over and over and over again.
Until I passed out.
The light of morning stabbed through my eyelids. I grunted and yanked the blanket up over my face to hide as consciousness became a definite and unwanted reality.
When I caved and pushed the blanked under my nose, I took a long, squinty-eyed moment to recall last night, and everything before that. Yuuhi was still spread across his half of the couch in silent, perfectly motionless slumber, his shirt twisted around his body and his hair sticking out and his chest never moving with any breath. He could have been truly dead, and I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference.
I dropped my foggy gaze to my hands and the fading teeth marks. I checked my heartbeat, listened to my breathing, remembered that I was still alive.
The bright red digits on the cable box told me it was after seven in the morning. It felt as if I had already lived a lifetime in this new cage.
Fingers of hunger stabbed into my stomach, but instead of lusting for sustenance, a wave of nausea greeted me with an unfamiliar embrace. I wasn't used to my stomach being upset with me, and I didn't like it. I rolled into a tiny ball, eliciting a little whine, hiding beneath the blanket. That was when Yuuhi started awake and recalled the present with a blink of his squinting eyes.
Not a half hour later, I had breakfast. Eggs and bacon and ham and seasoned potatoes slathered in grease—foods that I was never allowed to have, but inhaled with as much conviction as Carmi and his skittles. The nausea slowly abated.
I noticed the sleep hadn't benefited Yuuhi very much. Bags swelled under his eyes and his face turned a starchy shade of white.
I focused on stuffing my face with a sausage and said, "You haven't fed in a while, have you?"
His fingers combed through his wild forest of hair. "Has my foundation rubbed off? If my face so displeases you, please allow me to repaint—"
"Oh, shut up. How often do you have to feed?" I didn't know how it worked. All I knew was that a new vampire had to feed often, and an older vampire had to feed less often.
"Once every few days."
"It's been a few days."