
His nose detected our third party. He lifted his chin to see Jason busy looking around and analyzing every thread in the couch and fiber in the carpet.
Carmi's eyes stayed on Jason even as he said, "Lio got a call from Rajy. Said something might be on our property. He didn't tell me how Rajy knew, just left me here and told me to 'sit tight'. I don't even know what that means. How does one sit tightly? And is he allowed to be here? I thought this was all supposed to be a secret."
Toivo pulled out the chair next to Carmi and plopped down. I coaxed Jason into sitting across from them. His feet glided like lead.
Instead of addressing Carmi's question, Toivo hovered over the spread of papers and books. "You're attacking your homework so early. How uncharacteristic of you."
"Yeah, I know." Carmi narrowed his eyes onto Jason, and Jason took the opportunity to observe him in return. "I've got a big project in bio, though, and I wanted to get the rest of this shit out of the way before I get the glue and safety scissors out. Would you stop staring at me? Mother of Kirin."
I leaned into Jason. "Carmi's a very sensitive boy."
Carmi sharpened his glare onto me. "Shut the fuck up, Kali." Toivo thwacked him upside the head.
Unfazed, Jason asked him, "How old are you really?"
"Older than your mom."
"Eighty-nine," I said. "He was born in '23."
Jason took on that mock haughtiness. "So you missed the first World War. You're just a baby."
Lio had said that Carmi had a particular cackle that could be referred to as an 'evil laugh', and that was the type of proud laugh he had for Jason. Then his palms slapped down on the tabletop and the humor vanished from his face. "You're only saying that because you think you have a leg up on me, huh? Because you're supposed to be Ares, you think you've got an extra couple thousand years on me, fool?"
Toivo gauged Jason's reaction, from the tension in his brow to the way he slouched in his seat. Honest surprise took over Toivo's face as he reclined in his chair. "Well. I'm shocked. Kali hasn't been able to convince you yet?"
He wasn't shocked that I had already cracked and told Jason everything. He was shocked because I hadn't been able to convince a boy that he was actually the reincarnated form of an old fart with mystical powers. Toivo had called it a clichéd plot in a bad thousand-page epic fantasy novel, and I assumed that was at least fractionally accurate, since I'd never read any myself, so—
Buzzing.
As Toivo pulled out his phone, Carmi danced in his seat and announced, "Booty call! Did you know people still do that? When a phone rings, there will be at least one person who shouts it out, like it's still cool or something."
Jason sharpened the knife of his sarcasm. "It's so turn of the twenty-first century." But then he noticed Toivo's cheeks turn pink and he sat forward with new interest. "You gave Rosette your cell number."
His wide eyes ticked to him and all the defense mechanisms set in. "She asked!" He got a good look of my disapproving frown before he added, "I didn't think she'd call yet."
Carmi lifted a hand. "Well? Ain't you gonna answer that, homewrecker?"
"Why am I a homewrecker?" Toivo didn't wait for an answer. His chair squeaked against the tile as he pushed himself up. He tapped the screen and pressed the phone to his ear as he aimed to take refuge in the kitchen. "Hey, Rosie."