
Silence.
I gripped at my chest, my heart pounding hard enough to crack my ribs. On one side of me, Carmi laid sprawled on his stomach, asleep. On the other side of me was Toivo, half on his back, half on his side, also asleep. How we had crammed together in a single queen-sized bed, I couldn't fathom, even as I stared at it, willing my heart to sink back into the cavity of my chest.
Demons were renowned for sleeping through hurricanes, but real gunfire would have at least sufficed as an alarm clock.
I had imagined it.
The gunfire had been in my head.
Numbness took over me. I didn't feel the heat of our bodies or the cool of the early morning as I studied the blank walls of the simple bedroom. The double-paned windows showed me that dawn had just broken, the morning young with pale light and the forest a black silhouette that sliced the sky like a row of jagged teeth.
My skull throbbed with pressure, but an unnerving sensation kept me from truly registering it. Something wasn't right in this room. The sensation of eyes watching me made me edgy, nervous, shifting. I kept checking Toivo and Carmi, but their faces remained in deep slumber.
Something was in this room.
I couldn't wait here. I nudged Toivo, poked at his face, pinched his nose. He didn't stir. I searched for Carmi's ticklish spots. His arm flung at me and swung a hairline from my nose, and then he rolled onto his side and settled again.
I didn't want to part with them, but I didn't know where we were, and there was something in this room, and I wanted to get it away from them.
I yanked the sheet aside. Neither of them twitched, not even as I climbed down the bed and rested my feet on plush carpet. My body revolted at the attempt to stand, my head pounding and fog filling my vision, but the inner numbness made it so I didn't have to care about how much it hurt, or about the axe planted in the back of my skull.
The eyes followed me. I sensed the heat of its gaze as I moved for the door and soundlessly pulled it open. Only a few windows illuminated the darkness of the corridor, the dim light heatless and uninviting. The few other doors were shut.
The silence ebbed away at me, chipping at my flesh, leaving me smaller and smaller. I escaped the room, feet padding down the hallway. The eyes followed me every step of the way.
A mixture of scents picked at my conscious, human and demon and vampire and everything there was to smell. It was like sniffing too many perfumes, and it clogged my sinuses.
When I entered an entertainment room with a big corner couch and a pile of bean bag chairs, I caught a whiff of green onions and sensed movement in the next room. The slider door was open, the screen shut, allowing all the morning air to circulate the house. I couldn't feel even that. My skin was as receptive as latex.
I didn't care if anyone saw me, didn't care if I was or wasn't supposed to be seen anymore. The numbness inside me made it so I didn't care. I crossed the empty room and stepped up to a bar, and a single woman danced about in the kitchen on the other side.
She swung around with a skillet and a spatula in hand. "Good morning, chickpea." Her features were gentle, simple, a small nose with gentle eyes, pretty in a way that would always be pretty, no matter the time period. But the smile in her eyes was what gave her away, the way her lips pinched her cheeks and the way she tilted her head.
"You're the woman," fell out of my mouth, even as I realized the woman in his drawings had darker hair and a very different set of features. "You're the one that...Lio has an entire sketchpad for."