
We rounded the corner onto a one-way street of battered brick, the houses stacked too closely together, and Jason said it first. "We haven't passed anyone since the previous street, not in a car or walking or anything."
It was safe to say that most people in this area were probably still at work, but Toivo darted into the first open spot against the curb to be sure. He peeked around a few cars and nodded to the only house on the street with lights on. "That's it. Certainly does scream trap, doesn't it?"
Carmi hummed to himself. "And we're the only ones here for said trap. But what's the point of trapping us? What's there to gain?"
A knee-jerk reaction, my eyes snapped to Toivo.
The vampires couldn't possibly know.
They couldn't.
Rajy had told me the only ones who needed to know already knew...but he had never specified who those special few were.
I didn't realize Jason had been watching me until his head turned to Toivo as well. The calculations in his brain clicked so loudly that I knew he had dissected my reaction with the perfect ease that constantly pissed me off. When he looked again at me, his face confirmed it. He wanted to say more about it. Words burned his tongue, but he never got the chance to speak. Toivo said, "Let's grab our gear and check around the house."
Jason nodded. "I'm going with."
Toivo turned a sharp eye onto him. "Like hell you are—"
"Am I really safer a hundred feet away from where you can guard me? Who do you think can get to this lame excuse for a truck faster, you or a vampire?"
I loved him at that moment.
Toivo could only sputter a bucket of consonants in his rage, so Jason said, "Toivo's staying with me. You two check around the house and see if you can figure out what's going on. You're both the stealthiest of the trio, right?"
I had never seen a puffer fish up close before, but Toivo's face became one in that moment. Carmi lifted his fists and said, "I like this plan. Let's do it, captain."
There was no stealth when it came to pushing the doors open and the hinges screaming, but we still sealed the doors as silently as possible. Toivo snapped open the padded cases that held our scabbards. He shouldered the strap of a single-edged heavy blade. My own sword was a traditional longsword, and I secured the strap across my chest. Carmi hooked his short swords to his belt, and Toivo finished with pulling the hem of his shirt over the gun.
Jason stayed behind with Toivo. Carmi and I ducked our heads low and breezed down the old brick street. Before we reached the flimsy chain-link fence, I spared a last glance back at the pair. They stood shoulder to shoulder behind the truck, Toivo nearly half a foot taller than Jason and about twice his size. They were perfect contrast, perfect balance, and if there was an impending war, I would believe that the two of them could kick it in the kneecaps.
Carmi and I crouched behind a car that gleamed with more money than any of the houses here were worth. He whispered, "I'm gonna go round the back. Do you smell anything?"
I shook my head. "No. Vampires, faintly, but nothing extremely unordinary for this area."
"Me neither."