
Yet, I found myself surprised afterward when Toivo extended his hand to Jason for a solid shake, an exchange of devious smirks, and an honest, "Good game."
#
The instructors had one hell of a time smothering the untamable excitement of the students. They pounced on us and rioted and put Jason in the kingly spotlight that he loathed so deeply. Finally the instructor blew his whistle and commanded us to our locker rooms, because the only remedy to the uproar was the sweet promise of the end of the school day.
When we gathered in the hallway, waiting for the bell of dismissal, everyone was still burning with the excitement of the game. The Blonde hooked a finger onto Toivo's belt loop and tugged him aside to congratulate him and something-else him. When he rejoined us, his cheeks were pink. I wondered what he was doing, why he was letting whatever this was between them continue.
Humans weren't made to be with demons, after all.
I didn't pursue the subject when he didn't, and Yuuhi and Jason couldn't really care less about it. They engaged in little vignettes about shining moments from the game, but my eyes wandered. The windows revealed the rain had died down to a spattering of heavy drops, but, "It's not through yet," I said. "It's still got more to give us."
Yuuhi, his pack slung across one shoulder, looked to Toivo and said, "Not only does the weather speak to her, but she can decipher cloud patterns as well?"
Jason couldn't help himself. "You mean you can't, Yuuhi?"
"Great." Yuuhi let loose a sigh. "Now that his ego's inflated, we'll never stop his smartass remarks-"
The bell marred my eardrums. The teens poured through the doors as Toivo turned to Jason. "Kali says it's going to keep raining, so you should probably believe her. Want a ride with us?"
"I normally hitchhike with one of my friends, but," Jason glanced the thinning crowd, "I think they ninja'd their way to freedom during the game. I'm not all that upset-their car smells like weed, tequila, and used condoms anyway."
Yuuhi smirked. "Sounds like a good time to me. Anyway, I trust you to get him home safe and sound without accidentally running him through with a six-inch pole."
He and Toivo might have been teammates before, fighting for a similar cause, but that companionship had died and rotted. Toivo maximized his height advantage again. "How kindly of you. We could always make room if Jason sits on your lap."
Yuuhi offered him a smile as sweet as curdled milk. "Why, I'd rather sit on yours."
That was enough for me. I'd had my fill of testosterone for the day, as well as the next three years, so I turned on my heel, seized Jason's arm, and dragged him behind me like a pretty little wagon.
When I stepped outside, however, the faint aroma stung my nose and stopped my heart in my chest.
Apple and cherry blossoms.
She was here.



(Copyright © 2013 Sarah Godfrey. Please alert the author at keyboardsmashwriters@gmail.com if you are seeing this work posted in full outside of SarahandVictoria on Wattpad.)

[For more information about Dance in Shadow and Whisper, check out MarionettesandMonsters on Tumblr and Blogspot!]