
The swell of dusty shadow in the air dissipated into a whisper across the glass stars on the carpet. It had taken three vampires to restrain me, one of which smelled pungently vampire demon, and the other two smelled like they had fed from plenty of demon to make up the difference.
Jason's attention was on me, and the fifteen feet of glass river that separated us felt like miles. My voice shuddered to my lips. "S-...Solara, you can't..."
Her eyebrows raised and she pressed the blunt nozzle harder against his skull. "Can't I?" He flinched. A shiver passed through his spine. He was more afraid of her than he had been of Aemilius. "Haven't you figured it out yet, Kali? What this is all about? I've been given permission to do whatever the fuck I want."
Her other hand lifted. I hadn't noticed until then, but she had retrieved Jason's telephone. She pressed it to her face and watched me as she said, "It's over now. You can't shelter her any longer."
I tried to listen, strained myself to make out the words of my dads, but a louder sound blocked me. It was a hollow sound. A desperate sound.
It was my own breathing.
"Yes," she said, her lips rolling with the word as if it were some secret joke. "I understand. I understood more than you ever gave me credit for, haven't I? No, I won't allow you to stall. I know you're close, but you're not close enough. I will, however, permit you to listen to everything that I do."
She pulled the telephone away and tossed it to the floor between us. It bounced against the glass, the screen alit like a fire between us, and each shard of glass glimmered around it like a ring of tiny flames.
Jason tried to steal the opportunity. "Kali—" But Solara was too quick. She whirled on him and shoved the nozzle under his jaw, forcing his neck to crane, breaking our eye contact. The vampire demon that restrained him shifted to accommodate, but otherwise remained as unbendable as steel.
Her lips moved closer to his ear. "Here's what's going to happen. You need to want to become a vampire, and so I'm going to give you the proper incentive. You must have figured that out already, haven't you? Yes, because you're a smart little thing."
Shivers infected my arms and legs. Even with the shackles and chains that were my restrainer's hands and arms, they couldn't keep the quakes from my system. It was a type of fear I didn't understand, that I couldn't comprehend, that was so much worse than having a gun to my own head. "Solara, stop. Please, just stop this. I understand now—Rajy told me, he told me that you found out who the Amon reincarnation is, that it's—"
"You."
It was a single word. Three letters, so plain and simple, and yet none of those letters registered in my brain. "W-What?"
She dropped her arm to her side and Jason's head fell, his gaze to the floor in defeat. That was what he'd been trying to tell me.
That's what he'd been...
She marched toward me, crunching the glass beneath her heels before she stopped beside the telephone. She enunciated with perfect clarity for the gadget to pick up her voice. "Let me guess. He told you that they knew who he was, who Amon was, but he didn't tell you exactly who Amon was. He let you come to your own conclusion and he let you walk away with it, didn't he? He let you walk and believe that the reincarnation was anyone but you, didn't he?" Ice flooded her voice. "Didn't he?"
I couldn't speak.
There were no words in my mouth. I still couldn't understand.