
“I was outside reading and there was something meandering in the bushes by the front door, mom,” he said and I nearly fell over. She was his mom. “I didn’t want to find out what it was.”
“Fine, fine, whatever. Just don’t be so loud, alright? I’m exhausted.”
We hadn’t been loud at all, mom.
“Okay,” Jason said. With one last pause, she finally climbed back up the stairs. He allowed her to cross to the other side of the house before he found his way back to me. I was already standing straight and inconspicuous-like, though I had no idea what my face might have given away.
In the same soft whisper as before, he asked, “Is there someone you can call to pick you up or something?”
“You mean you don’t want me to stay here? I’ll sleep on the couch.”
“That’s a joke, right?”
“Only if you find it funny.”
He didn’t. But before he could tell me that, something buzzed in his pocket. I jumped. He calmly produced a white cellular telephone with a screen as blinding as a supernova. His nose wrinkled, and after a moment, he showed me the screen. “Do you recognize this number?”
I stared at the seven-two-four number, and— “Oh!” He cringed, so I dropped my voice to a similar whisper. “Oh…! Yes, actually, let me have that. How do I answer?”
His thumb swiped the screen.
I stared at it.
“Now speak into it,” he said.
“Oh. Where?” He snatched the phone from my fingers and put it to the side of my face. Tentatively, I said, “H-Hello?”
“Kali.” It was Rajy. “We heard what happened. I’m waiting outside. Make sure to follow the usual protocol.”
“Oh. Uh. O-Okay.”
Then there was nothing.
I moved away from the screen and saw the flashing words ‘Call Ended’. Jason tucked the phone back into his pocket.
Once I was outside on the concrete patio, I instructed him to stay. He gave me a face of ‘duh’ that was particularly rude, but when I bid him goodnight, he said it in return. Then he shut the slider with a whisper of air.
I rounded the house, all my senses on high alert, and when I reached the driveway, I found Rajy’s pristine white Prius parked at the foot, on the street, ready to go. I trudged up the gravel, but when I passed the crime scene now reclaimed by the fireflies, I slowed. My eyes suctioned to the spot where she had stood, gun raised, pointed at me.
I swallowed acid.
Ten years. It had been ten years, and the first thing she did was threaten to kill me. I wanted to know whose jurisdiction she fell into now, which clan she had alluded to. There was no clan powerful enough to challenge the Powers That Be of our people.
Something caught my eye. The artificial shine of something metallic under the moonlight.
Oh.
I sent a vague hand signal to Rajy and hopped between the trees to reclaim the tablet from the ground. With all the stealth I’d been trained to have, I glided up the sparkling granite stoop to the gilded French doors of the house and set the gadget down on the mat. Once I was in the car, Rajy checked all his mirrors, flicked on the turn signal, and pulled onto the road. The hum of his electric car made Toivo’s truck sound like a chainsaw in mid murder.