
My brow furrowed. "Yuuhi and I were ordered to watch over Jason because a prophecy said he's Ares. We don't actually know if he's anything."
Rajy's eyebrows climbed. "Isn't he?"
The rebound caught me by surprise. I blinked at him, fumbled with my words, and managed to stammer out, "Well, that is, I think there's something supernatural about him."
"It's not supernatural, Kali," Rajy said. "It's perfectly natural, as guided by the earth."
My hands flew into the air. "Fine, whatever, but-why would the reincarnation theory set Solara off, anyway?"
They couldn't answer me. Both sets of red eyes drifted to the floor, and I found myself perched on the edge of my seat, boiling down the water on my own.
The chill of the realization started at my feet and worked its way up, like a rising tide, lapping up my ankles, then my thighs, then my hips. When I spoke, my voice was barely a whisper and I expected to exhale condensation. "No. She knows who Amon is." Rajy met my eyes in silent confirmation. The ice water swallowed me up. "And...And he's..."
Rajy's hand lifted. "Do not jump to conclusions quite yet, Kali."
I shook my head, and even when I meant to stop, I couldn't. I didn't want to believe it. How could I? "That's the real reason. That's why you can't tell them yet, because he's not supposed to know. Because he can't...he can't..."
Suddenly Rajy was on his knees in front of me. His hands collected mine, my palms sleek with sweat, feverish with new understanding. Peering down into his face, I was reminded of the day Solara had left. When I had emerged from my room, I remembered perfectly as Rajy turned to see me, when he stood there like a man without a single thing left in the world. I remembered the way he felt when he wrapped his arms around me, pulled me to his chest, clung to me, when his brother embraced us both and squeezed us.
I remembered the feeling that Rajy had given up so much just to keep me. It was the same feeling as his hands held mine at that moment.
His voice was thick as he said, "No one must know about this. Do you understand, Kali? You may tell your brothers about the darkness inside her, but not about this. Only the ones who need to know currently know."
Why was I one of them?
Why did I matter?
My chin quivered. My eyes tore away from him so I could look up at Lio, who stood just behind his brother, harrowed from the very knowledge that had ripped our family apart and promised to do so again.
And I was supposed to let it.
The truck rumbled and grumbled its way up the driveway. Rajy moved quickly to his feet, already hard at work at replacing his vulnerability with a new mask. "Go on now, off to bed for tonight. You can wake up extra early to bathe and finish your homework."
Mechanical Kali set in. Lio hugged me, squeezed me until my spine cracked, and then I found myself in my bedroom, the door shut, Toivo and Carmi's muffled voices entering the house. The next thing I knew, I was perched on the edge of my mattress, staring through the far wall, through the other rooms, through the house, into nothing.
At the back of my mind, I sensed their movement outside my door. Carmi stage-hissed to Toivo, and Toivo paused outside my door. The shadows of his feet blocked the little sliver of light under my door. He hesitated.
I wondered if he wanted to speak to me. I wondered if he wanted to try and catch me before I fell asleep. I wondered if he weighed his options, hand lifted, about to knock on the sill.