
This was bleak.
I slouched in my chair until his head eclipsed the professor, who seemed to be illustrating wrathful grapes on the whiteboard.
Throughout class, I couldn’t muster words. And it wasn’t until the end that I noticed Toivo’s book partner: one of the very preppy, happy, bouncy blond girls who had no trouble pouring herself into everything that he did.
A twitch developed in my eyelid.
The twitch didn’t go away within the next class either. In fact, as Toivo listened to the professor educate us upon the key essentials of democracy in America, I noticed a twitch develop in Toivo’s eye as well. His fingers drummed across the desk to keep from throttling someone, like his pencil.
Still, I could not muster words for Jason.
Pre-Calculus was no better, but I did enjoy watching Yuuhi sweat as he scribbled notes into his fancy-designed notebook. He rubbed his jaw as he listened to the professor and crinkled his eyes at the squeaky marker jotting bold black numbers onto the whiteboard, calculations and equations that meant as little to him as my concept of ‘trendy’.
As I watched him struggle, my elbow propped up and chin in hand, I mulled over last night. I wasn’t sure how I felt about him coming to our rescue. Yes, he’d been what had saved me, and inevitably Jason, from a different fate, but what had he been doing there at all? It was special demon-protected property, against the law of good faith between our people for him to cross without our permission, and—and how long had he been listening to us? What had he heard?
Had he heard me relinquish some of the information to Jason that I was absolutely forbidden to tell?
If he’d had, that wasn’t the worst part of it all. When he had stepped from the shadows, gun aimed at my sister, an unwarranted thought had flashed in my head: I’d rather she shoot me than he shoot her.
The reaction had been fleeting, unconscious, and certainly not what I thought now, but…
It was still a dangerous thought to have.
And maybe he had saved me from it.
Our math professor had a strict no-talk policy, and I didn’t want to risk Jason or Toivo overhearing, so I quietly folded and tore a square of paper from my blank notebook, jotted down ‘Thank you’ in jagged script that would make Rajy cringe in horror, and snuck it to Yuuhi’s desk.
He stared at it at first, unsure of what to make of it. Sweat prickled the back of my neck as I pretended to listen to the professor review algebraic equations that I had learned before these teens had left mom’s womb, but when Yuuhi took the paper into his fingers, I watched from the corner of my eye.
His face softened.
It was a strange to see the hardness fade from his dark eyes. I didn’t know this Yuuhi. I couldn’t help turning my head a centimeter, just to get a better look. He hunched over the paper and scribbled down a few more words. Once finished, he stretched oh-so-casually and handed the paper back to me. It wasn’t the teacher we were trying to fool, because Yuuhi could have taken care of that easily.
No, it was Toivo. The movement caught his eye, but only after I had stuffed the note between my thighs. I managed to give him the blankest face I could when he looked back at us. Yuuhi had returned to his war with numbers and alien sigils.