
I stuffed my mouth with the first bite of omelet. The mix of flavors tickled the tip of my tongue, but otherwise didn't sink in. "Hunters?"
"Yes. This is a hunter shelter."
That explained the array of scents. Many hunters made a living off of bounties that the Holy Hunter Coalition or other private foundations put up, and...
I swallowed. "I'm not safe here, am I?"
"Well...no. What with the fact that the general belief is you're supposed to cause a new war with Ares, well...the Holy Hunters don't very much appreciate that."
No, I didn't suppose so either. "Well...thank you, anyway, for...all of this. Um—would you possibly be able to tell me...where Jason is?"
She poured a fresh mixture of egg and green onions into the skillet. "I can't risk endangering him, or the one who's sheltering him. You have to believe that even having the knowledge in your head puts him in much greater danger. The mind is no safe place."
"Then can you tell me what Solara is doing? What's wrong with her? Why she's...why she's..."
She twirled around and danced up to me with a small frown. "Kali. Please understand, I will tell you everything you need to know, when you need to know it, but I can't tell you any more than that."
She wouldn't budge. I knew she wouldn't. But I just wanted answers. I wanted to know why this was happening, and how I could make things better, and when my eyes prickled with tears, I knew my protective bubble had burned away to a thin membrane. I shut myself up by stuffing omelet into my mouth. Occasionally I remembered to chew.
Toivo and Carmi appeared shortly after, panicked until they spotted me. When they joined my sides, we engaged round two of hugging without speaking, and Charis pushed two full plates in front of them. We ate together at the bar, the three of us perched on the edge of our stools.
It had been so long since our last meal together.
They prodded me for what had happened while they were gone. I told them about Yuuhi, and I told them about 'Angry Girls', and I told them about Mazin taking me to see Ra, and about how I couldn't touch Ra.
I didn't tell them about what had happened with dads. They already knew Rajy and Lio were gone, and I didn't have the strength in me to tell them exactly how it happened.
I still wasn't a hundred percent sure I knew how it happened.
As Carmi ranted about 'reincarnation bullshit' and the fact that Ra was referred to as a 'he', my eyes lifted. Amon had appeared in the kitchen, standing next to Charis, his arms folded. "Are you really so surprised you couldn't touch him?" Amon asked me. "He won't have anything to do with you because you very clearly wanted nothing to do with him. Why should he believe in you if you don't believe in you?"
I sharpened a glare onto him. Both Toivo and Carmi halted in the middle of their rage and followed my train of gaze. They saw nothing. But they didn't even notice how Charis turned, smiled at Amon, and purposely rounded him to rinse her hands in the sink.
When the sun peaked the trees, we knew it was time to move on. But with a winning lottery ticket stapled to my head, where could we possibly go?
Charis collected our plates, and despite Toivo's protests to help with the dishes, shooed us off.
We turned. If my alarm had been functioning normally, I might have leapt out of my skin. A hunter, a very human hunter, had snuck up behind us. She wore an expression as friendly as the morgue, her brown hair pulled back into a ponytail so tame that not a single strand of frizz stuck out. On top of that, I wasn't sure if she glared at us—up at Toivo and I, since she was a good several inches shorter than me—or if that was simply the way her face looked.