
Rajy's eyes shifted briefly to his brother, a strange gesture. "There isn't much more to tell you, Kali. I opened the door that morning to leave for work and there he was, in a basket. We haven't any idea how long he was there-never once heard him wail. He was only a few months old."
"Why was our doorstep sought out specifically, I wonder?"
Rajy sucked in a breath, a subtle knee-jerk reaction that startled even his brother, but he was quick to amend with a shake of his head. "Perhaps a question whose answer we will know in time."
Toivo's parents could have still been alive. His lineage still out there.
Answers were still out there.
But first, I had to know. "Jason came into power when he was...when he was turned, right? So, how would it work with the Amon reincarnation?"
"Well," Rajy began, shifting tentatively in his seat. "The reincarnation lore is no science, of course. We don't quite know exactly, but we've concluded it may take some internal shifting or fracturing."
"What does that mean?"
When Rajy floundered, Lio moved in, hands gesturing absently as he said, "Along the lines of supreme emotional changes. Ah-how did Mazin phrase it, exactly? The inner workings must be broken down and reformed."
My nose wrinkled. "What does that mean? A nuclear meltdown?"
Both of them floundered then, tantamount to half-drowning in shallow water and sputtering for air. "Yes," Rajy pushed out. "I suppose it could be said in such a way. But, Kali, listen to me-"
A knock came at the door.
My insides twisted up with apprehension, brain flooded with a million questions. Who knew we were here? Who had come to find us? Had someone seen us?
Rajy fished his slender phone from his pocket as if it were a pocket-watch. His forehead wrinkled. "Goodness. Where did the time go?" He dabbed at his chin with his recycled paper napkin and set it aside on the table. When he climbed to his feet, so did Lio, and I scrambled to mine as well because it seemed like the thing to do.
At the door, Rajy unchained the deadbolt, flicked the lock, and twisted the handle. Lio rested a comforting hand on my shoulder and popped the plug on my drain, and the tub of anxiety leaked out of me.
The door swung open. I let out a shaky sigh when Mazin exchanged a nod with Rajy and stepped inside. The storm had passed from his eyes, but the weight of miles and miles of clouds remained. I felt the pressure as his gaze shifted to me. He smoothed down his wrinkled shirt as awkwardly as ever, and as Rajy secured the door, he nodded to me. "You're holding up very well, Kali. That's good to see."
Not if I was supposed to be Amon and my inner workings needed to be dismantled in order for me to come into power. "Have you changed clothes since I last saw you?"
He blinked at me, and then looked down at his attire. Lio couldn't stifle a low cackle, and Rajy came up behind the head demon lord to say, "He can be particularly daft about that, isn't that right, Mazin? Truly, when was the last time you saw your dry-cleaner?"
Mazin tried on a smile. His smile muscles must have atrophied. "Apparently not since that night, at the very least. And I might have forgotten what my ironing board looks like."
"Or your closet," Rajy said.
"Fine. Bully me, since it makes you feel so superior."