
The strange amount of crackly background noise was not what we expected. Carmi and I leaned in to drop some shameless eaves as Toivo's feet slowed. "Rose?"
Her voice resounded in a hushed, alarmed whisper. "Toivo, I'm so sorry, I don't mean to cause you trouble, but—you're the only one I knew to call."
He stopped. "What's going on?"
The crackles returned with a vengeance, but once the sound receded, urgency flooded the breathy whisper of her voice. "We were going to have our annual end-of-the-first-week celebration party, and Janelle invited Yuuhi, but when we got here to the house, there were other vampires around, and it looks like they all have guns."
I jumped to my feet, adrenaline spiking my heart. Toivo faced us, shifting to his controlled exterior as he said, "Slow down, Rosie. How many? What happened?"
She continued. "Six or seven, plus Yuuhi. No one seemed to see them except me, so I think they're under mind control, like compulsion, like the vampires blocked everyone from seeing them, but Yuuhi could see them and he messed with Janelle's brain to invite them in, and I pretended to ignore them too so that I could listen to their plans. They're going to hurt us, Toivo. It sounds like it's part of something bigger, but I don't understand what, so I'm in the bathroom right now, and—"
She stopped with a hiss of air. I could picture her listening, gripping the phone with shaking fingers. When she returned, she nearly slurred her words together. "I'm okay. But we need help." She blurted out the address in Allegheny. Toivo and I locked eyes.
Neutral territory.
The place in question wasn't within our turf boundaries, or anyone's, and thus it was considered no man's land. Rules could be broken there.
Her voice dropped to the barest whisper. "I think someone's coming."
Toivo snapped back to reality and eclipsed the phone with both of his big hands. "Hold on, Rosette. We're on our way, just hold on as long as you can."
A man's voice resounded in the background, too distant for distinct words.
And then the line died.
Carmi jumped to his feet as well. "Then let's get our shit going."
Jason stood beside me and I sensed a trickle of his own adrenaline. Toivo gestured to him. "Stay here. You're safer here than you are with us, and Lio shouldn't be out too much longer—"
"No," I interrupted. "No, he's not safe here."
"Sanctuary, Kali." Toivo produced his keys, and with Carmi at his side, made for the door. "No vampire can get him in here."
"One can."
I stopped them both, and the wheel spun in Toivo's brain before the realization finally settled in. His head bowed. "Solara."
It was my fault. I knew it. I was the one who had invited her in, and we couldn't rescind her invitation unless she was here to receive it. Jason couldn't deny her, either, since this wasn't his sanctuary.
I couldn't believe how this had all come around.
I didn't want to believe it.
Toivo reassembled his leader mode. "I'll pull the truck around. Carmi, collect some tools from the closet. Kali, grab the Beretta. Jason will have to come with us, and you're going to teach him how to fire."


