
Anger flooded my mouth again. “Toivo! What the hell—you’re not supposed to be here!”
“So I can see.” His toned arms didn’t even shake as he held a wide-eyed Yuuhi suspended. Not a muscle twitched in the triangle-shape of his torso either. He had the overall outline of one of the football jocks on campus, the type of guys who strutted like they owned everything on the planet, except ugly things. Toivo, however, did not strut like he owned everything on the planet, and he had silver hair. Not gray, but silver. True silvery strands collected at the back of his head to form a ponytail with length that rivaled my pigtails. It was his one unique trait that separated him from blending in with humans.
I threw my hands onto my hips and stomped one foot. “Put him down. Look at him, you’ve scared him shitless.”
Toivo spoke through his teeth. “Damn right I have.”
In a strained voice, Yuuhi managed, “This…is your brother.”
“Yes,” we both said.
Yuuhi cleared his throat. “Makes sense. I see the resemblance.”
That was facetiousness I recognized, and with good reason. Toivo and I looked nothing alike, not in any way. His flesh was the color of the oldest, lowest levels of canyon walls, the earth turned darker by iron, a redder hue than me. His nose was stronger where mine was longer, the corners of his jaw harsher where mine where blunter.
But we also weren’t related by blood.
From the gaping doorway came a third, much younger voice. “Give him a new breathing hole, Toivo!” My head swung and I saw the ten-year-old stature of Carmi with his sandy hair as wild as he was. He also shared no resemblance to me or Toivo, always a blotch of white between the two of us, but because he was stuck in this near ageless body, he hadn’t fully developed either. “Give him one right in the stomach!”
My index finger jabbed menacingly at him. “Shut up, Carmi.” I turned on Toivo again. “If he really meant to kill me, then he would have actually killed me already.”
Toivo’s fingers only clamped tighter into Yuuhi’s shirt. Threads buckled and snapped. “I know. I’m not inflicting mortal fear in him because he simply rustled you around.”
I blinked. “Then…why…?”
Laughs bubbled up Yuuhi’s throat. Sad, weak, pathetic laughs. “Listen, big brother, it was nothing like what you’re thinking. Honest. I—”
Toivo pivoted and threw Yuuhi up against the wall. The act probably should have broken Yuuhi in half, and by the mangled noise Yuuhi gave, it very nearly did.
“I’m not going to kill you and cause a war over this,” Toivo said. Before relief could fully settle on Yuuhi’s tight face, however, Toivo added, “But if you do it again, if you lay another finger on her without her permission, or so much as look at her in a way she dislikes, then I will not hesitate to make a leather hide out of your skin and fashion your bones as armor for said war. Got me?”
Yuuhi took a moment of pondering before he felt brave enough to speak. “You’re very eloquent, Toivo, has anyone ever told you that?”
Toivo slammed Yuuhi again.
“A-Alright! Alright, I understand completely.”
“And, if you call me ‘big brother’ again, you’ll become very well acquainted with the bottom of my right foot.”