
The sudden turnaround caused Toivo to arch an eyebrow. He glanced Kali, who watched her and dissected everything about her. Apparently both he and Kali agreed: Yuuhi was a very strange magical password.
He fumbled for words, drummed his knees with his fingers, leaned forward, then back again. "Well—we don't want to impose, we're—we shouldn't stay very long, anyway, especially since Carmi's very quick to wear out his welcome."
Something clattered in the kitchen.
She only laughed. "Then I'll pitch Carmi a tent in the backyard."
Both of Toivo's eyebrows raised. He eased back into the cushions, relaxing a bit. "You don't have to give him a tent. He enjoys the wild. But he tends to bark in the wee hours at the moon."
A grin slid across her face. She eased up as well, allowing the Chihuahua to hop off her lap and trot off into the kitchen. "I think I have raccoons living under the porch, they might not like him. And in the event that they don't eat him, I also have a squirt bottle."
"The squirt bottle would be much more effective." That was a fact. Carmi turned puffy at the sight of a squirt bottle.
When he realized he had entirely forgotten introductions, he slapped his hand to his forehead. "This is Kali. She's a bit catatonic right now, but I can tell she's already enamored with you."
"I'm so glad. Because I already adore her." She pressed her hand to her chest in a dramatic show and looked to Kali with hopeful eyes.
Kali's cheeks turned pink.
Toivo saved her the torture and said, "And I'm Toivo. Yuuhi didn't exactly give us a name, just an...address."
Her lips pressed together, but when she looked at Toivo, the smile returned. "Sorry—for him, I mean. Ave. My name's Ave." She extended a hand. Before Toivo could lean forward, Kali beat him to it and took her hand for a firm shake.
"It's nice to meet you, Ave," Kali pushed out. "Th-Thank you for...for taking us in. It's very nice of you, and we'll do all we can to pull our weight, because we're really heavy, and we eat a lot, but Toivo's good at cooking, and I'm okay, but don't let Carmi cook, mainly because he has trouble reaching things, and...sorry."
Ave's eyes were wide again, but she mocked a gasp. "You should be sorry. There's no working in this house. Not for you, anyway. Not even for me most of the time."
Toivo snagged the collar of Kali's shirt and yanked her out of the way, and Kali made sure to elicit all her usual noises of floundering as he said, "We like to pull our weight. To be honest, it..." would take their minds off of everything that had happened, even if it hadn't quite settled in yet, and let them put some distance between them, "would only help us. But...I do want to at least give you the best opportunity you can to turn us away, because we'll understand if you do. How savvy are you with demon and vampire political affairs?"
Kali frowned. "I'm not a political affair."
Ave lifted her hands. "No, no, you should have led me on, I would've bought it." She gave the question due consideration, lips puckered and eyes crinkled. "Fairly. It's Elliot's area more than it's mine, but I pay attention when I need to. Er, Elliot's my dungeon troll, the one who poked his goggles in here."
"He's an insult to real trolls," Kali said, and she didn't mean it in a bad way. Just a Kali way.
Toivo yanked again on her collar and her arms flailed. "Then you should discuss with him whether or not you want to keep the Amon reincarnation here."
Those words silenced her. The curve of her back touched the chair and she looked between the two of them. She didn't question further, which meant she had an inkling of what 'Amon reincarnation' meant, especially with the way her gaze lingered on Kali.