
I faced him again and opened my mouth to berate him and his oversized clothes and overall evil sense of ends-justify-the-means, but his words sank in. He'd only done it because he knew I'd manage, and he had gambled the whole game on my ability to do so.
Well, a war lord had to know when to make risks, right?
The game raged on. As students were knocked out and made their way to the growing boundary lines, tension and anticipation packed the gym. Voices skyrocketed, the cheering untamed. The numbers dwindled down in the courts, and so did our protection from attacks on all four sides.
Jason occasionally directed me, and I apprehended plenty of shots and knocked opponents out on my own as well. He rarely caught any himself, perhaps knowing the physical aspect of the game wasn't his specialty. But he was fast. He knew when to dodge, and even more astonishing, he knew how to dodge. When an especially boastful boy on the other side, one of the basketball boys from yesterday, winded up an attack for Jason, I saw the change in Jason's wide hazel eyes. The calculations. The flawless strings of numbers that led him to his answer: walking right toward the attacker in question.
I made my move in turn, just in time for the young man to propel the ball at Jason. All Jason had to do was swipe his foot in an arc across the floor, a side-step that allowed the ball to fly past him and into my hands instead. I charged forward and unleashed the ball in revenge, and the young man's face went white just before impact.
As the teams erupted into wild cheers and jeers from the incontestable brilliance of it, Jason broke into laughter. The game stalled from a moment of awed reaction at the show of 'swagger', as they might have called it, and I stole the opportunity to peer back at him, folded over, his arms wrapped around his middle.
"Seriously. Why couldn't this've happened when I was a freshman? Where were you guys then? I could've been king of the school by now."
The riots died down quick, the other team ready to deliver their revenge unto us, but I felt secure enough to say, "You wouldn't have wanted to be king."
"Well, no." He recovered enough to trot up to me. "I'm not exactly the kingly type."
He wasn't.
He was the one who told the king what to do.
"Head's up." He elbowed me, ready again, and I automatically fell into the same position. What I found was Toivo, strutting calmly toward us, and when I registered the ball he had in each of his big hands, excitement surged in my blood. Before, I didn't think it was possible, but now I did: we could win. We had a very real chance of winning. More teammates had survived on our side, and-
He moved. One ball sailed, knocking a teammate out, and the other ball moved to Yuuhi at the opposite corner, closest to us. All I had to do was blink, and another teammate fell.
Shit.
Toivo was on a warpath now, and he pointed that dangerous index finger straight at Jason for all to see. The crowd around us pulsed with uninhibited energy, stomping and throwing fists into the air, and Jason grinned from ear-to-ear. He looked positively evil.
When he made a coaxing gesture with both hands, a 'Come at me, bro' as Carmi had once told me, another pulse of energy fired up the surrounding teens.
This was not 'dodgeball'.
This was a big, fat cockfight.
One of Toivo's teammates tossed him a ball, and the game resumed its rising momentum as if it had never stopped. Ammunition fired from every which direction, and when a ball flew at us, I dodged around Jason to catch it. That was when Toivo seized his opportunity and catapulted the ball at us-no, at Jason. Heart in my throat again, I reacted with a knee-jerk reaction and hurtled the ball.