
Against all these guns, I needed every bit of defense I could muster. But what was a sword to an army of bullets?
Carmi had already disposed of his short swords, which laid abandoned on the concrete. My joints creaked as I sheathed the sword, yanked the strap from my body, and tossed the sheath to the ground beside his. The clatter jolted me.
Even then, as I stood awaiting the next command, Leon was silent, tossing a sideways glance to Yuuhi. Everyone was expecting something. Everyone was waiting for something.
Nothing happened.
Leon spared a glimpse and a nod over his shoulder. A couple of his mates switched the aims of their handguns to Carmi instead, and Leon beckoned me forth with a tick of his head. "Come on. Get down here, onto your knees."
Toivo passed telepathy to me. Obey. For now. I understood the groundwork of his formulating plan, so I climbed down the steps. Each tap of my boots echoed into the swirling wind. Leon kept one of his revolvers trained to me. His other arm lowered idly to his side, and I noticed the engraving of what looked like a laughing coyote in the metal.
When I reached the sidewalk and eased down into a kneel, he stepped behind me. The blunt nozzle pressed against my skull. The memory of Yuuhi's gun from the first day torched my vision, and then I saw Solara's face as she aimed at me with the real intent to kill me.
My breath shook in my lungs.
Toivo fell into character. "Wait. There's no reason for this. What is it that you want? We'll give it to you."
Carmi caught on as well. He slid into his ten-year-old façade and turned up the shaky voice. "Just please don't kill her, okay? Please don't, she's my sister and I need her. We'll do whatever you want, okay? Just don't hurt her."
"Why is it demons are so trainable?" Leon said instead, true curiosity in his voice. "I tell you to kneel and you kneel. Really. No one thought to say 'no, motherfucker', before it came to this point?"
Toivo lifted his hands, cowering, brow knotted and eyes imploring, a man reduced to begging. "If you want to take Jason, fine. Take him. If you want us to tell you who Amon is, we'll tell you that too. Our only request is that you let us go."
I was surprised when even Rosette managed to pull out some convincing sobs, sagging against her captor and shaking from head to toe. The vampire had to wrap an arm around her waist instead, grunting from irritation.
Leon turned a skeptical eye onto Toivo. "You know who the Amon reincarnation is?"
It was my turn. I shook my head, and since I was terrible at forcing emotions, I settled for the stoic, flat voice and hoped that passed as controlled terror. "Don't. Toivo, don't you dare. We're to die before we give up that information."
Carmi played off his own sob and Toivo gestured wildly around at the vampires, taking a step forward, but remaining close to Jason's side. "Do you want to die, Kali? Is this really what you want? I'd rather give up the chase and live another day."
I shook my head and doubled over to hide my inability to act. Carmi cried. Rosette sagged harder against her restrainer's arm. Jason tensed with his arms out and ready.
"Listen," Toivo said as he addressed Leon. "I'll tell you, alright? I'll tell you everything you want to know. The demon reincarnation Amon is—"
I heaved myself off the ground so that Leon's extended arm went right over my shoulder and the back of my head slammed his face. His nose cracked, he ricocheted, and I pivoted on the ball of my foot. Toivo had already ripped the concealed gun from his jeans and fired at Rosette's captor. The vampire lurched from the bullet in the neck and Rosette landed on her side, covering her head while Jason dropped down onto a knee with his head low.