
"Of course I remember," I said.
"Do you know why you failed? Why I ended up so very successfully pinning you against the wall?"
"Because you made a cheap move."
"Because you didn't take me seriously."
"You're not taking me seriously."
"I'm taking you as seriously as you've demanded of me."
I didn't understand. The fuzz in my brain clouded the spurts of electricity in my wiring, and Yuuhi's proximity and the weight of his hands on me only made it worse. "I...I knew you weren't making a serious attempt at my life, so what?"
He leaned even closer. His scent, the smell of his bed sheets and book towers, saturated my nose. "How did you know you were safe with me?"
"I-I just knew, I guess, I..."
"How, Kali?" His fingers squeezed, gently, urgently, careful to avoid the bandage. "How did you know before any of us that Jason was Ares? How did you know that you could trust Cain? Why did you think you could trust that I wouldn't harm Jason? How did you know to be truly scared when your sister, your own family, pointed a gun at you?"
"I don't know! I-I just listened to my intuition!"
His hands returned to his sides and my arms felt somehow colder. "Ares had natural intuition toward understanding things. Amon had natural intuition toward understanding people. Do you see it now, Kali? I was testing your desire to fight back, and you had failed because you didn't have the right sense of danger, because you knew—youknew—there was no threat."
No, I didn't want to believe that.
I was the scapegoat.
I was the fake reincarnation to protect the real reincarnation. I was...
"There's one thing that worries me." His voice softened. "It's absolutely ridiculous. I shouldn't take it as seriously as I do, but...in that dodgeball game, Jason knew exactly how he was going to win the game: by sacrificing you."
I shook my head. "It was just a game. A stupid game."
"You let him."
"It was a game, Yuuhi."
"Are you saying you wouldn't, then?" He folded his arms and regarded me with eyes that knew me better than they should have. "You wouldn't sacrifice yourself for him?"
The quiver returned to my fingertips, but as my lungs expanded with a deep breath, a surge of resilience poured fire into my belly. "I would, if I had to."
But only if it were Jason.
Not Ares.
Jason could do great things with that brain of his, and if he had been given as much time as I'd already used up in this world, I knew he'd make a greater difference than I had.
Yuuhi's eyes lowered. "I'm sure there are a few people who won't allow you to do that. To make that sort of sacrifice. A few someones in this world would stop you."
My family.
My fathers would put me before anything else in this world. My brothers would fight to the death for me.
My sister...
"I'm going to save you. I'm going to save us both. You have to understand that everything I do has a reason."
I shut my eyes. "That's why I'm going to save him. And if he doesn't remember me, I'll make him. I've his real name, I've the first step he needs to recover any memory that might have been taken from him. And, damn it, I'm too stubborn to give up on anything." I peered back up at him, noting the way the flame had died inside him. "But you want us to fight, don't you?"