
I didn't want to see the painting under such ugly light, but I had no choice. I pulled out the phone and lit up the portrait with the screen.
Three young men illuminated in a ghostly way, dressed in garb that could have only been the late Regency Era, with tight, waist-length coats and standing collars and intricate white cravats. Lio sat highest as the oldest, placed in the middle with his long hair let down in gentle waves against his shoulders. He was so young here, his face rounder and sweeter, but with a mischievous pinch to his eyes. He had to be maybe just a bit younger than me here. And Rajy, to his right, had even dawned long hair and looked absolutely miserable about it—and the portrait in general. I imagined Toivo's face wouldn't look much different.
And to their left was the white-haired young man with the crisp blue eyes, only a boy here, but dressed to look like a man.
Carmi's screen went out. I rested the painting against the wall. "Yuuhi, you knew about this, didn't you? That Cain was..."
He sucked in a breath. "He told me." His voice was so solemn, so tender, it did strange things to the pattern of my heart. "When he said I could trust your fathers, he told me that they were his older brothers. Half brothers, anyway, obviously."
Cain had told Yuuhi that Rajy and Lio could be trusted, and Lio had told me that Cain could be trusted.
But no one had ever told me that the reason was because they were brothers.
I remained where I was, crouched on the floor, staring at the shadows in the painting. "What happened between them?"
"I don't know. It's not my place to ask."
I looked to him. He leaned against the doorframe with his arms folded, hadn't stepped a single foot inside the room, as if he thought his very presence would desecrate it. I pushed myself up, knees creaking, and made my way back toward him instead. "Solara went to him to change her. Do you think she knew, too?"
He considered that, and as his eyes shifted from one corner of the room to the other, I sensed him sinking into the same conclusion. "That sounds plausible, doesn't it? Why else would she seek him out specifically?"
"But how would she know? Did they tell her?"
"Cain said they didn't tell anyone. When he was made, his name was changed but his memories weren't taken. He wanted to let the demon world think him dead because his vampire father would sooner use him as a weapon against his real father, who was an Allegiance lord at the time." He rubbed at the line of his jaw. "So I think it was about a hundred years before your dads found out he was still alive."
My hand grasped the wooden sill, nails creasing the paint. "They never told me or Toivo or Carmi about any of this. So how did she find out? Who told her? Who else knew about it?"
Our eyes held each other's as the mystery pried into our brains. I didn't realize until that moment that I stood so close to him I could feel my own breath whisper across his face and neck. My concentration dwindled, time shifting to a halt, the low howl of wind falling far away.
"Yuuhi." I tried so hard to stop myself. I tried so hard to stick my own fist down my throat. "Are you still in love with Ave?"
I expected my words to shock him, to leave him indignant and appalled that I would bring up something like this at such a time.
Why was it that I could never get him right?
"I am," he said. "Which is why I can never go back to her. I can't...lose someone else again."