
I wasn’t an artist. Never in my mind had I ever considered, ‘Hm, it is quite possible that I might be a closet Michelangelo.’
Never.
When Lio saw how I was with crayons as a toddler, he stole the crayon box away from me and caressed it, cooing, ‘There, there. The abuse is over now. I won’t let her hurt you anymore.’
So, with some basic coloring pencils and my graphite pencil, I doodled the first thing that came to mind.
Perched on the stool beside me, Jason lifted his eyes from his own ‘drawing’, which insofar was no more than a perfectly straight line separating a third of the paper, landscape style, with a perfect circle just above it. He spoke above the buzzing of chatter from the other tables. “Your brother’s made a new friend on his first day of school.”
My chin lifted as well. Across the room, where the professor had dumped the boxes atop the bar between the giant steel sinks, Toivo had been apprehended again by the bubbly blonde. She liked him. Her fingers often twiddled with the hem of her flouncy skirt, and when she leaned her hip against the cupboards, her foot wrapped around her ankle. She didn’t giggle as profusely as some other girls, but there was no denying the keen spark of interest in her big, soft brown eyes.
The real strange part was watching my brother react to her. I’d never actually seen him interact with another girl before, and it took a leaf blower to all my thoughts as I studied his pink cheeks and this new set of body language I’d never known from him. His hand touched the back of his head a lot. Or twiddled with the gaudy ring. Or hooked into the pocket of his pants so that he didn’t touch the back of his head or twiddle the gaudy ring.
“Mixed feelings?” Jason asked.
I snapped out of my dead stare and slipped back into filling in designated parts of my drawing with green-blue. “Oh, uh…I don’t know, I guess.”
“You look like you’ve never seen him with another girl before.”
Damn him. Damn him and damn his x-ray vision.
Yuuhi didn’t lift his head from his drawing, which he had remained hunched over across from me for the better part of the class. “Don’t call it x-ray, Tails. Call it mind-fuckery.”
The green-blue coloring pencil snapped in my fingers. “Stay out of my head.”
“Keep me out of your head.”
Jason narrowed his x-ray eyes onto me. I felt the urge to cover myself up in more clothes. “I’m confused,” Jason said.
Yuuhi switched his coloring pencil for a new shade. “The ‘homeschooling’ part wasn’t a lie.”
Jason rolled his eyes. “You say that as if it’s somehow unobvious. I’m just beginning to think she’s never stepped foot outside of even Westmoreland—or even just our borough alone.”
They made eye-contact. Telepathy passed between them for all I knew. Then they looked right at me and Yuuhi asked, “Have you?”
I floundered. I didn’t want them to think I was sheltered—even though I was. I’d at least collected enough common sense over the decades to understand that a sheltered mind was frowned upon, or was a societal reject, or was oblivious to the everyday things of basic modern life—all of which was also true. But I didn’t want them to know that.
Toivo returned. Praise God and Krishna and Allah and Buddha and Santa Claus.
He slid atop his seat, one of few who could sit on the stools and have at least one foot still touch the art-stained concrete floor. “Smells like someone was pressure-cooking.” He glanced me knowingly as he popped open a tray of finer sketching pencils.