
I continued. "I'm pretty sure 'ponce' was the nicest thing I called him."
I expected Yuuhi to remark with one of his punt-worthy retorts. Something like, 'I'd be surprised if you didn't cover every slur, from A to Z and back again, when describing me.'
But he didn't. His lips remained sealed.
His friend, however, laughed again. "Okay, I get it now. I see it, Yuuhi, it's starting to make sense. Alright, Miss Caelestis and Caelestis Junior, toss your weapons over yonder." He ticked his head to the sidewalk and scruffy black bangs fell across his forehead.
I didn't move. "You haven't answered Carmi's question."
His eyebrows climbed high. The withering sunlight glinted off the typical vampire porcelain of his skin and revealed a warmer hue hidden beneath. His features were strong, with a prominent nose and a square jaw, and if he didn't have such a bratty pinch to every expression he made, I might have called him mildly easy on the eyes. "You're not in the position to be calling shots, are you?" he asked. "The answer's no, just in case you couldn't do the math. Now toss 'em."
Still, I held steady. If their goal had been to kill, they wouldn't have hesitated, and they wouldn't have lured us into this game. I found Jason's gaze and held tight to it, studying his stern expression. I wondered if he knew what this was about, if he had figured it all out already. I wondered if he tried to will the answer into my head, to give me my next moves.
That was when I noticed something. My flesh burned with everyone's focus collected onto me. Everyone's. They were all waiting for what I would do next, just as expectant as Yuuhi. Waiting for something to happen. Waiting for me.
Why was I at center stage?
"I..." I needed to stall. They couldn't shoot Jason, and shooting Toivo was out of the question unless they truly did seek war—in which case, they would have done so already. This dance wasn't required. It would take more than bullets to kill Carmi, like any other vampire, and he knew how to shield his head from any death blows. Rosette was only a garnishment. Vampires murdering children of more affluent societies brought the worst shit onto the laps of the Alliance lords, and I'd heard of the horror stories that came upon the offenders.
And that was when it struck me.
This was all for show.
A show for whom?
The wind tickled my ears and tossed the tails of my hair.
Up.
I lifted my chin—
Yuuhi's voice strained warning. "Leon."
That was when it happened. A gunshot. A single bullet blasted past me, a hairline from my cheek, nicking strands from my bangs and wrenching me back to the present. Panic flooded my brain and fogged every thought. My body went to war, fighting to make a move, fighting to remain solid and still. My eyes stapled shut and I couldn't breathe around the fistful of scream that powered its way up my throat and stopped at my lips.
"Kali."
My eyes popped open again to see Toivo. How many times had he called me? How long had I stood here frozen?
"Put down the sword, Kali," Toivo said, his voice both tender and terse. "You don't need it."