
Rajy’s eyes flickered to me. “Are you all right? Any damage?”
“No. Jason and I are fine. How did you find out?”
His eyebrows raised with his own surprise. “Yuuhi. He showed up on our doorstep, rang the doorbell, and told Toivo that you and Jason had been threatened by a rogue clan.”
A rogue clan.
So he hadn’t told them about Solara. I wondered how much Yuuhi knew.
I couldn’t bring myself to tell them it was Solara. I didn’t want her to be what she had showed up to be, and I felt if I told them, it would only make it truer. I chewed on my tongue a moment before I extended my hand. “Can I call Jason?”
Rajy was vehemently against operating a phone while driving, but since I was completely inept, he selected Jason’s number for me and set the phone in my palm. As soon as Jason hesitantly answered, I said, “I left something for you on the doorstep.”

#

‘What’s the city like?’ I had asked, sitting perched on her bed, legs crossed and arms tangled in my lap. ‘Do you always have to get dressed up for it? Is it required?’
‘Absolutely not.’ She held up a garment on a padded hanger, a slinky dress that she pressed against her slender body and modeled for her full-length mirror. ‘No one can tell you how to dress, Kali, but it’s always good to look your best.’
I watched her shove the dress back into her closet and excavate another. Her clothes crammed the tiny space, and no amount of propositioning of Rajy would convince him to shrink Toivo’s room so she could have a walk-in closet.
When she noticed me watching, she put her head between the hanger and the dress, letting the silky material hang down her body as if she were actually wearing it.
‘Kali,’ she began, her eyes as bright blue as Toivo’s and a hundred times more honest. She knelt in front of me, folding her arms across my knees and dropping her voice to a low murmur. ‘One day, I’ll take you out of here. Hm? You shouldn’t be a prisoner of your own house.’
I hunched my shoulders. ‘But, if the vampires who killed my biological parents found me, they’d kill me too—’
‘Oh, shut up about that. I don’t want to hear it. If you stay trapped here like a prisoner, then they’ll have killed you anyway.’
I wished I’d understood what she meant about that back then.
‘And there’s so much you have to see,’ she said, her hands grabbing my knees to wiggle my legs. ‘You have to see the city alive at night with all of the fae’s glamoured advertisements casting rainbows all over every wall and pumping the sweetest scents into the air. You have to see the architecture of the buildings and the gothic churches and the dazzling lights of the fae district and the demon district and the party districts and the magic district with the magical shops that you can only find if you know they’re there. You have to see the things that come out at night. You have to see the creatures that, if the rumors are real, inhabit the Monongahela and the Allegheny and the Ohio—I hear people have spotted a white dragon in those waters.’
My eyes widened. ‘Like Kirin?’
She nodded. ‘Like Kirin. And if you think that’s all there is to see, I’ll take you to the ocean and the Ferris wheel on the pier, and I’ll show you the secret shops there, and I’ll show you the mermaids.’