
When Carmi took off for the backyard, I waited and listened. No other sounds tickled my ears—none at all. Even the wind held perfectly still, holding its breath.
When I felt the moment was right, I rounded the car. My feet moved soundlessly against the ground and I kept low with my ears ticked and alert. I climbed the fractured concrete steps of the stoop and moved across the balcony to the window. The tattered blinds were parted, and I peered through a layer of dirt on the glass, inside the living room.
Bodies.
Familiar bodies. Each of the teenagers that had gathered like a flock of hens to Yuuhi were draped across the couch and chairs and floor. My heart spiked and my blood pounded in my ears. My first instinct was to kick open the door and charge inside, but I wrestled the urge with logic. If this were a trap, that's exactly what they'd want.
And Yuuhi would have known by now that I'd fall for that.
No.
This wasn't Yuuhi. If he was a part of this, it wasn't voluntarily. I had to believe that.
I wanted to believe in him, too.
I checked the vicinity as I waited for Carmi, and I studied the other silent houses, but there was no movement to be found. My fingers quivered and I fidgeted with the synthetic fibers of my strap anxiously. The band strangled me, choked me, cut off the blood from my heart to my limbs.
Carmi popped up beside me and I nearly blasted off into the sky. We exchanged silent words and he shook his head. Nothing. I gestured to the window and he poked his nose over the sill to see for himself. His eyes registered the surroundings and he jabbed a thumb toward the door.
We squatted beside it, he with a hand to the doorknob and me at the other side. The favorite weapon of the vampire was the gun, and the instant position that anyone took when aiming was shoulder-level, not down here close to the ground. But before Carmi twisted the weathered handle, he gestured to my sword.
My jaw locked. I wasn't ready to pull it out yet. I didn't want to. It meant there would be no turning back, that conflict was inevitable. I'd been hoping that Rajy would call in local forces and apprehend any conflict, and that all we'd have to do was stand there and look nice.
But Carmi was right.
We couldn't afford to not be prepared.
My right hand lifted, palm wet, and my fingers curled around the leather-bound steel hilt. The blade hissed against the sheath as I eased it free, and the cloudy gray sunlight reflected with a sting against the polished, unused double-edged blade. Everything about the weapon was conservative, from the straight artery of the blood groove to the simplicity of the hilt. Battle, as Rajy had told us, was not glamorous.
Carmi gave himself one last moment of preparation before his arm twisted and he tossed the door open.
Nothing happened.
We exchanged glances. He moved in first. I shadowed him, covering his trail as he stole across the floor to the slumped teens. I kept my eyes glued to the entrance from the next room over and the stairs, sword raised and ready, both hands clamped tight around the hilt. When I braved switching my gaze to Carmi, he looked up and simply shrugged, baffled.
They were alive.
But they were unconscious? I wrinkled my nose and he nodded, sensing my question, and gestured to each of them.
I didn't like this.
Was everyone on the street out cold like this?