
I tried to conjure up any other possible moments, however fleeting. I squeezed my eyes shut and I tried.
But there was nothing. "So, what does it mean if I can't?"
"Hopefully, you will find that answer for yourself."
The strain in his voice nagged at me. There were questions I wanted to ask him, but I didn't know them yet. The only one I could muster was, "Did you know them? My parents, I mean?"
"I did." The tension in his face refused to chip away. "I also lost my wife that same day."
His wife.
My gaze ticked to the golden band around his ring finger, the lock that bound him to one woman for the rest of eternity. "That was over a hundred years ago."
"Yes, one-hundred-eleven, to be exact."
And he still couldn't remove the ring. "Maybe she would have wanted you to stop torturing yourself and move on."
Those words got him in the gut. He stiffened, as rigid as he had been when I failed to grasp the trinket that was Ra. When a breath finally broke past his cemented lips, his warm hand squeezed my shoulder. His joints creaked as he shifted to his feet. "Cassius would like that." He held out a hand for me. "Come now. Nothing can be done here yet."
Yet.
He was still unconvinced.
The only ones who could hold Ra were Amon and his wife, the mother of his only child, the same woman who Ares had loved, the same woman who had been inconclusively killed, and the same woman the two men had killed each other over on behalf of ugly revenge.
I couldn't.
Mazin led me to the lobby, but as soon as we rounded the corner into the receptionist's view, she stood from her chair and gestured to the phone. "Sir, I have Anita on hold. I'd advise you take this, well, immediately."
His mouth formed a hard line. "Right. Kali, your fathers will be waiting for you in the lot. I'll be seeing you again soon."
My own mouth formed a hard line. I nodded because I wasn't sure what I could possibly say.
'Sorry I couldn't prove to you that I'm Amon.'
'Sorry about your wife.'
'Sorry about all of this.'
I took my lead and rounded the desk—when something caught my eye. Among the fancy court documents piled atop the receptionist's desk, the tiny print practically illegible, something stood out.
A sheet of familiar floral stationary peeked at me, and I would have kept walking if I hadn't noticed my name, scrawled in wispy cursive.
Mazin and the receptionist were preoccupied, so I slid the paper into my hands. The script this time was sloppy, shakier than I remembered, but still the same handwriting from the last note I'd discovered.
'Kali, you the way to the light will is through darkness. Do notfear the Conquer the darkness.'

#

"I promised I would take you away from your prison, and I plan to hold true to that promise."
I kept the letter folded up in my back pocket, all too aware of its presence as I laid flat on my back and watched the sky darken and the city catch fire. The billboards and screens and flashing lights blazed through the streets like liquid flame in arteries, flowing toward the heart, pulsing with life.