
I backed off a step. "She wouldn't do that."
There it was, the hesitation in his face that I'd seen before, the furtive knowing.
The secret.
Rajy knew I had noticed that split second giveaway, and so he quickly gestured me toward the hall. "Go to your room now, Kali. Change into dry clothes. Work on your studies. We'll discuss this later."
I didn't want to discuss this later. I didn't want to be dismissed like any of this could simply be 'discussed' at only a moment of opportunity, as if it didn't matter now.
But, I followed orders. I was really good at it. I'd been working on it my whole life, and when Rajy told me to do something, I did.
I left the room without another word and shut the door when I was in my bedroom. The walls hovered too close, too cramped, and I felt as if, were I to stand straight, I'd scrape my head off the ceiling. Sometimes, my room did feel like a prison cell, but only because of what my sister had once told me about my reason to remain in my cell.
'If you stay trapped here like a prisoner, then they'll have killed you anyway.'
Wet clothes still clinging to my body, I sat perched on the edge of my bed, hands to my lap, spine slightly arched. Perfect posture. Perfect trained posture. Everything I did, whether consciously or not, was because of how I'd been trained.
Even my thought processes.
How much of me was me and how much of me was a machine?
'You don't know anything about yourself,' Jason had said.
My brain had been shaken up, the contents a muddy mess, but I'd never thought to question anything until last night. This mission had been shoved in my lap, and I never questioned why, not until Yuuhi had faced me, looked me in the eye, and told me to go home.
I was the wrong choice.
My gaze gravitated to the window. The rain had died down to a light mist, the clouds pale and exhausted, needing a breather. The trees swirled and writhed against the wind, promising that the storm still wasn't quite over.
I could leave.
The thought rammed my mind before I saw it coming. I could leave. Not permanently, of course. This was my home, and this was my family, and I wouldn't leave them for anything.
But I wanted to have a choice. I wanted to have control. I was only ever told what to do, I never got to make any decisions, and the thought of allowing myself to take control sent static through my bones, electrifying every nerve.
Rajy had told me to sit and wait, and I wanted to tell him no.
I was going to get out, and when I came back, I'd be punished. But I didn't care.
Because I was going to say no.
I jumped from the mattress to shed my backpack and all of my clothes. I redressed in lighter, looser shorts and a tank, pulled on fresh socks and a beaten pair of sneakers, and then scribbled down a note that I left on my desk in plain sight.
'I'll be back tonight. We can talk then.'
The words ended up messy, my fingers quivering. I made for the window, but stopped.
'No one can tell you how to dress, Kali, but it's always good to look your best.'
The mirror caught my eye over my dresser. I studied my reflection. The Kali I saw looked strange to me. I'd only ever looked at this mirror and seen my hair as I brushed it and pulled it into pigtails, rarely my face or anything else about me. Now, I saw a girl, her eyes wide and wild with excitement, wet hair quite the mess.