
Lio's voice took Rajy's place, and he sounded no better. "I do love some Guns N' Roses in the morning."
Guns and roses?
I knew he liked to have his guns, and he certainly loved tending to his rose bush and talking to the flora, but what did that have to do with rocking music?
Jason couldn't help an amused smile. "Now I know where Kali gets it."
In the interim, I explained to dads everything that had happened. I knew they only wanted me to speak, to keep me talking, to make sure nothing happened, and I did everything I could to ease their panic. It wasn't exactly very easy for me to do, not when my own panic threatened to claw its way up my throat and end up all over the cheap linoleum floor in the form of vomit. I didn't want to relive what had happened, not any of it, not until I was safe back home. Not until my family and Jason and I were together and protected in our sanctuary.
Once we had discussed everything that could be discussed, once Lio picked up on the tentativeness of my voice, he finally relieved me with, "All right, we're not fifteen minutes away by now—Rajy's GPS says so, at least—so hang on."
Jason reached for the telephone. "We'll let you know if we notice anything strange." As soon as Lio voiced his approval, Jason soundlessly tapped something on the screen. In a murmur, he told me, "I turned the speaker phone off."
I pursed my lips at him. "But if something happens—"
"I want to tell you what I meant to tell you before."
I forgot all about the speaker telephone and the chase and the hiding and everything. "You knew it, didn't you? You realized that we were being watched that whole time."
"Oh—er, yeah. I think neither side could move in unless a real threat faced either of us, which was why Aemilius stepped in—"
"Either of us?"
"That's what I've been trying to tell you, Kali. The—"
A long, low groan of a hinge silenced us.
The front door.
It swung open at the opposite end of the house and the air around us shifted like the wind stirring in the lungs of a great beast in hibernation. Our eyes widened. We stared at each other, waiting for wires in our heads to reconnect.
He reacted first. His hand shot for the telephone—
The windows shattered.
Shadow overtook us.
Intangible hands slammed me to the floor and the scream that erupted from my mouth was savage. I had never struggled so desperately. I thrashed and I shrieked and I swung my elbows and knees to get at anything I could.
There were too many arms and hands, grabbing me with fingers that dug into my flesh and twisted my arms and crushed my throat. They hefted me off the floor and secured my struggles with strength that equaled my own.
And then I heard her voice.
"Now, you'd better quit that tantrum, darling."
Air left my lungs. Sound abandoned my ears. All I heard were her words, drilling into my brain, as my head snapped up and my eyes settled on her. A silvery dress clung to her slight figure, her ivory platform heels accentuating the length of her delicate legs. She had tamed her hair into a red halo of curls, her face painted to perfection with smoky eyes that smoldered like a pair of blue cinders. Slender fingers gripped her black handgun, a Beretta just like Lio's, the nozzle pressed against the temple of her victim: Jason, restrained from behind by another vampire demon.