
"It'll take you more than a couple hours to heal, bro." Something like this would probably only take a few days for the wound to scar, and another week or so for the nerve damage to repair itself completely, and—
"In a couple weeks," Rosette began, "you won't even have a scar to remind you where the bullet went in exactly." Carmi gaped at her. She gathered the wad of shredded shirt, balled up the tatters, and pressed against the wound. Toivo seized up with a strangled noise. "Stupid demons and their stupid healing abilities. I hate you guys."
Carmi eyed her. How odd that she'd know something that wasn't really common knowledge among people other than demons.
But that wasn't the oddest thing about her.
Her alert brown eyes switched to him and she ticked her head down the hall. "Go upstairs and see if you can find a first aid kit." She didn't even wait for him to make a face at her order before she turned back to Toivo and cupped his sweaty face with one hand. "It's all right now. It's okay. Listen to me, okay? Just breathe with me. Breathe with me, like this."
Toivo responded to her. Carmi watched as Toivo absorbed her words, her pacification, and even the way she inhaled slowly and exhaled slowly. The tension eased from the stiff muscles of his sweaty body and his back rested against the cupboards again. He regained control over his heaving, and when his eyelids lulled shut, a song built in her throat. She hummed, low and careful on each note, so that he had her voice to cling to. And Carmi could see him clinging to it, letting it subdue him, slowing the pounding of his heart and the trickle of blood from the wound.
Carmi hefted himself to his feet and darted from the kitchen. Now that he could think clearer, he had the wherewithal to shut off the lights. None of the humans in the main room had shifted in the slightest, and when Carmi pressed himself against the wall and peeked outside the window, he saw nothing. There was no one. It was as if the battle had never occurred at all. It was as if armistices hadn't been set aside—or broken.
War.
The word filled his stomach with acid. It didn't feel like war just yet, no. Not that he'd really know what true war felt like.
But he knew what an arms race felt like, and how different was that from the race for the reincarnations?
He pushed away from the wall and flew up the laundry chute of a stairwell. His heart rattled the bars of his ribcage. Toivo would be fine, he knew that. It'd take more than a bullet to his manly flesh to take him down. Letting him bleed out for a while hadn't helped him any, but that was more annoying than it was lethal.
If he'd gotten shot a few times, or a couple inches down to his lung, then...
His low-light vision set in, turning everything to static levels of gray as he threw himself into the bathroom and rummaged the cupboards. Water mold reeked from the pipes and the rotted wooden bottom. He pulled out nail polish remover and cotton balls and ear swabs and extra toilet paper and bottles of various chemicals. Nothing. There wasn't anything helpful in here.
"Fuck a duck." He took off for the main bedroom. In the adjoining, slightly larger bathroom, he pulled out more useless bathroom shit, like lotions and shaving cream and a hair dryer.
Didn't anyone bother with fucking medical supplies anymore? Or was antiseptic goo and tiny sticky bandages the magical cure-all?
His head dropped against the faux marble countertop. He screwed his eyes shut and tried to conjure up some MacGyver options to plug up Toivo's wound.
But, as soon as his hands stopped moving, as soon as he held still, he thought of Kali. She had a long run to make. A very long run. And if she hadn't been dragging a little wagon, Carmi might have thought she'd make it. She could handle herself. They'd all been trained to fight, or to escape if they couldn't fight.