
My vision blurred and blurred until I blinked and the first tear tumbled down my cheek. I scrubbed it away with the heel of my palm as I reached the crosswalk with a dozen other teens, and I wiped away the second tear that fell. Then the third and the fourth. But it was useless. The teens and I crossed the street, and the best I could hope to do was mask my ugly face with a hand and choke down the sobs so no one would notice.

#

Lio lifted his chin. "The sky's starting to look fairly angry again, isn't it? I do hope Toivo and Kali make it home soon."
Carmi glanced his father, who walked as carelessly as ever, head tilted back so he could watch the monstrous charcoal-gray animals in the sky, bloated and colliding with each other. The wind kicked up and Carmi drew the air deep into his lungs. It almost tasted like autumn already, crisp and with a hint of change in the sweat of the trees and the street.
And the sound, that was what he relied on most. The song of autumn, distant and fragile, nearly a stage whisper in his ear.
He hiked his backpack up his shoulders, a skip in his step. "Yeah, but it won't rain until tonight." He considered the voice in the wind and the tune of a nearby flooded stream, gurgling and murmuring a story into his ear. "I dunno, though. Something's weird."
Lio dropped his head to look down at him. The wind tossed the length of his haphazard nest of a ponytail and the flaps of his robe twisted about his legs, bare feet silent against the ground. "What's that?"
"Well, it's just, it's hard to explain, you know what I mean?"
"Just as well, since you understand your sixth sense better than we do."
All demons had a unique sixth sense. Carmi shouldn't have, however, because he wasn't technically a demon anymore, and he hadn't reached the post-pubescent age when it developed. Lio stubbornly insisted that he did anyway.
Maybe Carmi liked to believe he did too. "I wish I could put it in words, though," Carmi said. "It's like—there's usually...harmony in the things I hear. Every voice and flute and string collaborates in tandem within a greater symphony. Right now, it sounds like something's out of tune. It's weird."
The explanation worked well enough to draw Lio's face into understanding. "That is most certainly weird. What do you suppose it could be?"
Maybe if Carmi had told this to Rajy, Rajy would say it was the sound of things out of balance. That wasn't a good omen to Carmi, because when tectonic plates were out of balance, a violent quake would soon rectify it. He didn't want to think about that, so he simply shrugged. "We'll see, I guess."
At home, Carmi pulled out the stepstool in the kitchen with the cutting board, apple, and knife. He filleted the apple with as much grace as a master chef. Then he scooped out peanut butter and lobbed it onto a plate to take to his room.
He was sick of dealing with algebraic equations and the Peloponnesian War and everything else he already knew, so he tossed his bag to the far corner of his room and opted instead for a different kind of torture.
He pressed his chest against the floor beside his bed and fished out a box. The lid sported a layer of dust, complete with older smears from fingers like scars of different ages. Inside was a scrapbook, and he pulled it into his lap.
He swiped an apple slice with about a fistful of peanut butter and jammed half the wedge it into his mouth. His other hand smoothed across the simple plastic cover of the book before he flipped to the first page. Contained in a plastic sleeve was a crayon drawing of himself in the full demon form—which, of course, was impossible. The vivid hue of his green-blue eyes, slit with snakelike pupils, and the sharpened vampire-like fangs for tearing flesh, and the elongated length of the ears for extra-sensitive hearing, and the true and finite mark: the crimson sigils etched into the face and neck and chest and arms, which pulsed like veins but swelled like tendons beneath the skin. These were all characteristics of a demon in what was considered a 'true' demon form.