

I cleared my throat and lifted my chin. “Countless of you have strayed onto my property, and I’ve—”

“How many?”

“None, because I haven’t had to, because I scare them away when I grab their arms and twist.” I clamped tighter on his wrist, earning another mangled sound from deep in his throat. “Maybe you shouldn’t be asking me how many I’ve killed. Maybe you should be asking how many I’ve generously let go, because for all you know, today could be the day that I break that streak.”

Once he’d recovered, a couple strained chuckles escaped his throat. “I suppose it could be.”

When he said nothing else, I eased off of him. He faced me, gingerly rolling the shoulder joint and flexing the fingers in his hand.

And then he adjusted his collar and the lopsided smirk returned. “Although, I assume if you were actually ready to kill someone, you wouldn’t make the effort to threaten them as many times as you’ve threatened me already. Real killers don’t threaten.”

Wh—What?

I made to count on my fingers how many times I’d threatened him so far this morning, but then he turned on his heel and continued to the crosswalk just in time for the illuminated walking man to signal a new onrush. I stammered and stuttered and staggered after him, feet clumsier than ever. He didn’t attempt to stop me this time.

I glanced the surrounding teenagers who gossiped loudly with friends as they walked, or had noisy plugs in their ears, or had their noses against their cellular telephone screens. I dropped my voice to a murmur. “Then you have, haven’t you? You’ve killed people?”

His head rolled to give me a meaningful look, but I wasn’t sure why. Not one of the humans had heard me, or even so much as noticed I existed. He said, “You need to talk about what’s relevant today, Kali. You know the unspoken rule that you don’t simply ask someone what species they are, right? There’s also this nice unspoken rule that you don’t go around asking people if they’ve killed.”

“What do I talk about, then?”

“You really have no clue?”

I fanned my face as the exhaust and rippling heat from the waiting line of cars stung my sinuses. “The Sixteen magazine talked a lot about hair, and skin, and ‘back-to-school’ fashion ideas, and looking nice.”

“What else did you read about?”

“I only looked at the headlines and the pictures. There were some people too, some ‘celebrities’, but there were way too many for me to even begin to remember.”

We crossed to the sidewalk, joining another crowd of students migrating up the concrete path, toward the school. I inched closer to him, wet palms wrapping around my backpack straps as I observed the many faces pressing closer. My anxiety didn’t go unnoticed, and he passed me a sideways glance. “Then, Tails, listen to what they have to say.”