
"Oh."
"See that a few students have gathered outside the line?" He leaned in closer as he gestured. Something about his scent tickled my nose, but I couldn't place it. "They're from the opposite team, and if one of the balls bounces through the court to their hands, they can launch them from that end."
"So, if you're inside the court, you're basically surrounded on all four sides, trying to dodge fire from all four sides."
"Yes. And if you get hit, you have to move outside the line to the other side of the court and try to get the other team's remaining players before yours runs out."
"...Is this supposed to be preparation for the real world?"
He paused to consider, pinched his eyes, pushed his hair from his face, and then nodded. "Yeah. Yeah, we'll call it that."
The instructors unloaded the bag, tossing ball after ball to the students, an even amount on both sides. I noticed Jason's friends then, clustered together outside the line on the far corner, riveted with anything except the imminent game.
"Come on," Jason said, "let's get in."
As I followed him into the herd of bodies, I kept my elbows glued to my waist and awkwardly dodged near-collisions. He led me to the opposite side, away from the back and away from the front, where the traffic wasn't nearly as congested. The position, however, gave us perfect exposure to the couple students who waited for a ball to head their way on the rightmost line.
His smirk was bigger than he was. "You're not looking very sure. Okay, everyone will always aim at where the groups are the most crowded-chaos is the easiest way to hit at least one person. As long as you have plenty of room to move, you're always guaranteed an opportunity to dodge. If you don't give yourself room, you'll essentially trap yourself. This spot can only get us direct aim from one side."
"You're not human." I slapped my palm to my face at the irony of my own words. "You've really made this your element, haven't you?"
"It's an easy game." The cocky curve of his lips might as well have been plastered on. He was too excited to pretend not to care. "No one strategizes or thinks ahead, they just try to survive or throw the ball as hard as they can."
Ah. Suddenly I understood.
His friends weren't the type to conform and participate in educational activities to better one's physique or general health, and neither was he. This was another game. He would never turn down a game if there was actual challenge involved, but he hadn't had a strong enough competitor until it came to Toivo. He saw a challenge in Toivo, and that challenge was what gave his smirk lasting power.
I peered across the court. I'd been staring at my brother with his black hair all day, but it still took me a moment to spot him, discussing something quietly with Yuuhi. A strategy, probably. The instructors were taking their position outside the court, which gave us only seconds.
I glanced Jason, who stood contemplatively with his arms folded and eyes also surveying my brother. I moved closer to him. "What's the plan?"
He spoke quickly, his words nearly slurred. "Your job is to take down his team as fast as you can. Don't aim for him just yet. He looks like he could catch a cannonball, and I bet he throws like one too."
"He could. Or at least like a car going about forty-five. That's what he's told me, anyway. But shouldn't we worry about getting him out first? He'll take down our side just as fast-"
He arched an eyebrow at me. "Trust me."