
Everything blurred. Adrenaline erupted. Time slowed and I swore I could count every shard of glass that showered past my face, but I couldn't think to duck my head.
Tires screeched. Our tires. My back slammed against the seat when the car took off. I might have screamed, I didn't know. I couldn't hear anything once the tires slammed the curb and the car left the street.
We plunged through a dense world of trees and bushes. We smashed a fence. My body registered a brief vertical drop, then collision with the ground again, and fishtailing to a violent stop that slammed me against something hard.
Dizzy.
My brain spun.
My ears rang with a strange sound that split my skull and muffled everything else.
I tried to breathe. I saw my chest heave but I couldn't feel the air. I didn't understand where I was. I didn't understand why stars blinded me. My brain couldn't register why my body was crammed tight into a small pocket of space.
A voice.
The door wrenched open, right off its hinge. Lio. Panic painted his face. He planted his knee on the seat and reached down to grab me.
Why did he have to reach so far?
Because I was lodged between the front seat and the backseat, in the small leg space, my head against the opposite door. His hands seized me. I could barely feel him, as if I were wearing a hundred layers of extra skin.
He spoke, but his words didn't sink in, and he yanked me into his arms and steadied me on the street. We were in an alleyway, dark and musty and acrid with a dumpster filled to the brim with waste.
The front right end of the car had smashed into the corner of a building. Like an accordion. I stared at it, jaw loose and eyes unblinking as Lio dragged me around the back end of the car, to the driver's side. My legs were wooden, my feet boulders and the back of my head strangely wet and cold, and when he tore open Rajy's door, the metallic scent of blood filled my brain.
Lio's hesitation speared me. The panic hadn't settled into me yet. It refused to.
Gunshots punctured the night. Lio instinctively ducked, and I managed to drop to the ground just before a bullet smashed the brick behind me. Lio reached into the car, his teeth gritted and bared like an animal as he ripped out the seatbelt and collected Rajy into his arms. A grunt of pain followed. When I noticed patches of Rajy's crisp white shirt darkening with blood, I thought my world would fall apart.
He was in pain.
But it wasn't simple pain. It was the pain of the foreign metal pellets upturning his body's ability to function.
Lio shouted at me. I tried to snap myself out of my daze but couldn't. All I knew was that Lio shouted at me, screamed at me, and his wide eyes shifted to the narrow alley ahead.
Go.
Go, Kali.
Run.
My body shook so hard that I could barely manage proper footing. Even before I had secured my balance, I took off into the alley, narrow enough to fit only half a car, my feet slipping against a layer of filth along the cracked concrete.
With Rajy hanging off of Lio, they followed behind. I couldn't stop. I had to keep running. I had to find someplace to hide. We had to tend to Rajy's wounds. We had to—
A door. I dodged to the left and checked first around the dingy alley. My blurry vision revealed nothing but gray walls that extended high above our heads, so I twisted the knob. Locked. I took a step back and launched my foot against the door. The metal shrieked and the hinges groaned and the door flew open and ricocheted against the wall. We rushed inside what seemed to be a stairwell, empty, and I slammed the door shut behind us.