
Jason smirked. Things like this tickled him, and it was actually rather terrifying. “I will have to take a look, then.” He switched to Yuuhi, who shrugged.
“If you’re looking to me for what Cassius did,” Yuuhi said as he turned his gaze in pure boredom to the trees, “I’ve no idea how that man’s brain works, or any of the other lords, and I’d rather not. There are some places a living, partially mortal man dares not venture if it can be helped.”
A very arrogant sort of knowing crossed Jason’s face, but I couldn’t help liking it. I wanted him to be able to see through Yuuhi’s skin like glass the way he could see through mine. “I guess I’ll look into it and find out for myself, then.”
Yuuhi snorted. “Right. And when you have an answer, you let me know, will you?”
“You’re right to say ‘when’ and not ‘if’.” Jason stood from his perch. “Anyway, you guys should go inside. It really looks like it’s going to rain.”
I nodded. “It will. But not yet. Not until class seven or eight.”
Both Jason and Yuuhi stared at me as if they expected me to pull down a weather map like the dart-throwing meteorologists do on the television. Toivo lifted his hand in an easy gesture and said, “She and Carmi predict weather.”
Yuuhi switched back to me. “Do you?”
“No,” I said. “Carmi predicts the weather, I just know it’s true.”
Toivo rested his other elbow on the table. “He doesn’t predict it down to the hour, Kali.”
“Neither do I. I can just feel when it’s about to happen.”
Yuuhi arched an eyebrow high and my face turned pink again. I wasn’t sure why I’d been turning so many shades of red recently, but I knew it made me want to slap Yuuhi clear across the face.
Jason, on the other hand, waved sort-of at us. “I’m going inside. See you guys next class, and the class after that—and every class.”
The wind picked up not halfway through lunch. We ended up moving inside because Yuuhi was worried about what was happening to his hair. I didn’t understand, since he seemed to purposely style it to look as if he’d been through a violent wind tunnel anyway.
I also didn’t like the move because Toivo sucked in the attention again.
The two girls who had apprehended Yuuhi yesterday invited themselves to our table today—but only to talk to him. The bubbly blonde who had shared her book with Toivo in English asserted herself as well, but she was so sweet and nice and offered me one of her macaroons. I couldn’t say no to her.
And neither could Toivo.
I was ready to join Jason and his gothic anti-conformist conformers.
During Inter-People Studies, the professor initiated our first lesson with the very beginning, the ‘lore’ of how other species came into existence. Demons served as the prime example.
“You’ll get to read all about this in your guidebook,” the professor said as he uncapped a marker and drew two very sad-looking trees. He filled in the blanks by each branch as he lectured. “Now, if you’re familiar with the human evolutionary theory, then you know that the hypothesized first human ancestor is at the bottom, in the roots. Each branch is a separate species, and all the way up here,” he drew a branch that very nearly went off the board, “are humans. Theoretically. Don’t go home to your Christian or Catholic or Mormon or whatever parents and tell them that your mean Inter-Species teacher told you God doesn’t exist and get him fired, okay? Okay.”