
I didn't expect it to work, but it did. The two bullets collided and ricocheted into the air. The cacophony of ovation, of hands clapping and feet clomping and voices shouting, fell to the back of my mind. Jason dodged a second attempt from Yuuhi's side, and I shouted, "What's your plan now? You've only pissed him off."
"I've got the perfect match for you. Get Yuuhi out."
Get Yuuhi out?
Was I one to question that?
Nope.
I snatched a ball aimed at us and set my sights on Yuuhi. I sensed Jason shadowing me, but this time I didn't care if he wanted to use me as bait again. My head was in the game, the static noise of the teens alive in my blood, and I was so ready to pay Yuuhi back for yesterday's dance in the gym.
He saw me coming, and whatever he saw in my face slapped him with some mortal fear. Both our teams were down to the lower single digits, and there would be no shadow-jumping with the lights on and a hundred eyes on him. He shouted to Toivo, and I rushed up to the line as Toivo captured a ball and tossed it to him. Before Toivo could claim another, Yuuhi slung his ball at me. All I had to do was lift mine in front of my chest, and his bounced right off, deflected back into the court.
Another slap of mortal fear. He started to back off, but as I recoiled my arm, I kept my gaze locked on his, reading him, everything about him, from the angle of his body to the placement of his feet to the tilt of his shoulders. He gave off all the information I needed to read without even knowing it, and then I released the ball.
He twisted, tried to dodge out of the way, and he nearly made it. Nearly. The ball smacked his elbow, and the instructor blasted the whistle. Yuuhi was out.
My fingers tingled with raw thrill.
I made faces at him as he sulked off the court, and he made faces right back at me.
It was a good thing I had Jason there to catch my wrist and yank back, twisting me out of the way just in time for a ball to flash past.
Oops.
And-thunk-there went another teammate.
I spared a quick glimpse of the court and realized...there went our only teammate.
But ours wasn't the only vacant map. Toivo stood singly, with no one left now that I had dutifully eliminated Yuuhi. It was down to only the three of us and a crowd of screaming teens and hands loaded with munitions. There was a moment where everything stalled, where the seconds slowed and the situation digested in everyone's stomachs.
I kept my eyes on the court as I asked Jason, "What now? We got rid of everyone except the one who can get rid of us."
Jason was unfazed. "Now he can't hide."
Toivo couldn't hide.
Toivo had used his team as cover for his skills. He had moved around them and through them to leap to the sides he needed to fire at us. Eyes hadn't been on him to scrutinize the things he did and weigh whether or not an actual human teenager could manage such things.
That wasn't the case anymore.
My lips pulled into a wicked smile. When the other teams showered us with assaults, however, catching a ball became near impossible. They worked off each other, tried to catch us in the throes of distraction, or corner us. They had strategy, perhaps impulsive, but it still kept us sweating on our toes.