
I didn’t think it was ‘easy to tell’ what my legs looked like through my jeans, but he didn’t deal with mathematical equations. He dealt with visuals. He could see things that others couldn’t, and I’d never had someone see me the way he did.
My gaze remained on him, even as he summarized the remaining three figures, the remaining three me’s. It was a strange feeling. I wanted to hate him, and I knew I was supposed to at least distrust him, but I found myself less and less capable of it.
Jason had asked me if I was dangerous, and I’d told him I wasn’t.
Was Yuuhi really all that dangerous either?
“Yuuhi,” I interrupted, my voice quiet, “that’s not your real name, is it?”
The flicker of warmth left his face, his gaze tethered to the drawings, perhaps so he didn’t have to look at me. “Of course it’s not.”
I wasn’t supposed to ask that kind of question, but I had, and he had answered me this time.
I felt braver. “What’s your real name?”
His tongue brushed his lips, his weight shifted from one leg to the other, but his gaze still kept to the drawings. “I don’t remember.”
Rajy had taught us about this. Before vampirism had become a federal affair, vampires could change people freely, with no responsibility. Some vampire parents let the venom circulate their victim’s body like wildfire, steeping in the brain, purging memories of their prior life. Some vampire parents renamed their children then, so that those children would never have their old life again, only their new life. Most of the vampire parents who did this also did it against their victim’s will.
He had no memory of his life as a human.
He had nothing but a pet name.
I hated him a lot less.
“These sketches…” he said, jolting me from my thoughts, “aren’t so different from someone else’s I’ve drawn.” His lips tried on a smile, but it didn’t fit. “She’s about as fashionably advanced as you are, and…well, her skin tone is like yours, but redder, like bronze, and when she comes back from vacationing at her parents’ house in Texas, she glows. You remind me of her, occasionally.”
Seeing this side of him, with his guard down, vulnerable, I couldn’t help but to encourage him. “Oh yeah? How so? Aside from the generally low fashion IQ.”
He shook his head, a laugh on his lips that didn’t make a sound. “So far, your penchant for the type of danger that’s way over your heads. It’s not a good thing to have. Vampires coming after you for blood and all.”
“Of which you were one just yesterday, I seem to remember.”
“Do you? Now, when did that happen? I don’t seem to recall.”
I elbowed him right in the ribs, and since I was used to elbowing Toivo and Carmi, I forgot to control my strength and Yuuhi folded over with a strangled noise. I hadn’t meant to get him so hard, really, but I said, “You deserved that.”
This time, chuckles broke free of his lips. The bell jammed needles into my brain, shifting the momentum of the class toward the doors, but Yuuhi grabbed his binder and both of our drawings before he said, “I suppose I might have.”
When he turned to deliver our drawings to the professor, he only got a step away before I couldn’t help asking, even if Toivo waited within earshot near the door, “Do you love her?”