
It was true, then. Without directly telling me, he admitted that his parent regularly fed from him to control him. To own him.
It was only a theory. Some had claimed that it had worked, some had claimed that it hadn't. The only way to test the scientific theory was to kill a vampire parent who had been feeding on his or her lineage, and in the great country of the United States, murder was frowned upon, and—oh, yes—illegal.
I didn't push him any further. I sensed he would start resisting, and I didn't want to risk him turning off again.
After breakfast, I took up occupancy in his bathroom and shed the oversized shirt he had supplied me. I ripped off the bandage tape and surveyed the pink flesh underneath. Demons scarred only under particular circumstances: severe and extended emotional turmoil. And by severe, it had to be debilitating enough to slow down or impair the healing process. For me, the puffy pink flesh would vanish completely within days. It would be as if vampires had never pierced my flesh at all.
I set the water temperature to scalding and stepped between the glass walls. Part of me wanted to burn my flesh off as I stood beneath the pounding stream, letting the old sweat and blood and icy fingers and mouths of my three vampire shackles wash away.
Without Yuuhi's presence, there was nothing to safeguard me from the surge of memories. From Toivo taking the bullet. Solara pressing the gun against Jason's skull. The way she touched me. Jason collapsing under the venom. The last moment Jason and I had held together, just before Solara's fangs went in.
The last moment before his memory...
No.
I couldn't believe that yet.
I killed the water flow, the steam swarming me and making the air hard to breathe. I popped open the door, every surface sweating with condensation. My toes sank into the fluffy fibers of the bathmat, and a strange feeling washed over me when I faced the obscured reflection in the foggy mirror. I wasn't sure who would be staring back at me beyond the fog.
I didn't want to find out, either.
I toweled off my hair, pulled on my old clothes, which he had washed, and stepped out. As soon as I did, familiar voices filled my ears.
My heart skipped a beat.
I rushed around the corner, pruney feet barely holding traction against the floor, and there they were, sitting together like they had that night Mazin had visited, that night when they had broken their silence and confessed secrets to me. Even if I'd made no noise, they sensed me enter the room, and both of their heads swung in tandem.
Within seconds, I was in their arms. Tears stung my eyes and I stitched myself to them, hands balled in their clothes, and they barred me with their bodies and arms and provided me a protective cage. I was safe here. Nothing could ever hurt me here.
I finally pulled away. "Are Toivo and Carmi okay?"
Their similar faces of defeat broke me. Lio wrapped his hand around the back of my head, cradling me against him. "I'm sorry, Kali. We've been unable to locate them, either of them. Not a trace at all."
His words carved a hole into my stomach. I squeezed my eyes shut and pretended it wasn't true, pretended we would all be together soon. All of us. Including Jason, with his memories.
I didn't know about Solara anymore.
Rajy turned his attention to where Yuuhi leisurely reclined in the other half of the couch. "Yuuhi. We can't thank you enough."