
Her terse words rang against every tree and every rock, and suddenly Yuuhi realized what had gotten to her. He opened his mouth, ready to apologize, or play it off, or-
"Can I trust you, Yuuhi?" she asked.
He stopped cold. A thousand thoughts flashed through his mind, but the tail end left him with the memory of his lips a hairline from the ones he had kissed, slender fingers trembling around his arms, dark hair framing a face that he could never see again.
He forgot to speak for a long moment. The maddening ache intensified. When he finally did locate his voice, it was hardly worthy of being called even a whisper. "No."
She looked at him. There was no shock, no anger, no disgust or denial. There was nothing but a blank canvas, as though she refused to judge him. He wasn't sure why. He had given her all the evidence she needed to distrust him.
Her lips parted. Wind hissed through leaves and rattled branches before she spoke. "I didn't ask if I could trust whatever's happened to you. I asked if I could trust you."
He shook his head. What the hell was this smirk doing on his face? "No. You can't trust me. Assume as soon as you turn away, I'll have taken Jason."
Doubt raised her eyebrows. "I've turned my back plenty of times."
"Haven't I given you enough reasons to think I'm your enemy?"
"No. But you've given me plenty of reasons to believe you don't want to be my enemy."
"I'm just a puppet, Kali." A laugh emptied the air from his lungs. "Whatever I do is in representation of someone else, so you can't trust whether or not I'll suddenly flip, put a gun to your head and actually pull the trigger."
She tilted her chin in mock arrogance. "You remember that first day when you accused me of making too many threats?"
He lifted his hundred-pound arms and dug his fingers through his hair. "Christ, Kali. Why can't you have any sense of danger? Why can't you be afraid of us like you should be?"
"Why can't you make me be afraid of you?"
He thought about it. He did. He considered pulling out his gun and stitching on the face of the killer that his parents had instructed him to be. Or he could have punctured her neck with his fangs like he so desired to do. The aroma of her blood, heated with the furnace of her pumping heart, electrified his nerve endings. Every sense of his burned with the starvation to taste her, and his anger only made it worse, only made him more desperate to take her.
But her eyes hammered nails through him, staking him against the tree. The blind faith, the honesty, and the naiveté injected ice water into his body, cooling the turbines so that he could think again. And it was a good thing. Sucking on her blood would have been instantaneous war, and most likely a punishment worse than that for him.
He knew why he needed to be afraid of his own people, so why couldn't he convince her to be afraid of him?
With a sigh, she planted her hands against the earth and pushed herself onto her feet. "I'm going home."
"To give me the opportunity to follow through with that threat?"
She shot him a look. "You and I both know why that wouldn't work, even if you did manage to grab him and drag him off to your medieval dungeon."
"It's an issue that Cassius and the other court lords would easily be able to work around."