
Yuuhi still remembered it. Beyond the competitiveness in Jason's blood, there was a raw piece of something darker that revealed itself in the wide grin of his challenge. It was there, and it was real, and it was undeniable. It wasn't simply intelligence that had surfaced, but Ares.
He inhaled, nails digging through the material of his slacks. "It's still too early to say."
A heavy pause, and then she said, "Is it?"
"Yes." He spoke to the table. "But by the end of the week, I'm certain we'll know either way."
"Are you lying to me, Yuuhi?"
The vertebra in his neck creaked as he turned his head and forced himself to look at her, to meet the narrow slits of her burning eyes. "No."
She wouldn't believe him.
She'd see right through him and know he was lying. She always did. And why should he protect Jason, anyway? Yuuhi had something much more important to protect, and he'd put her far above the balance of the world—
Laughs cracked the swell of Hinako's lips. She clapped her hands together, stained invisibly with centuries of blood. A laugh like hers could have been charming, and there was a point in time ages ago where he thought it so. "Oh, my dearest Yuuhi. I know you'd never, ever lie to me, of course. You've too much to lose. Too much precious life to lose."
The grip of his hand tightened until it shook.
Beside Hinako, Shinobu grilled Yuuhi with his hard eyes until the room boiled. His concrete face and stature told Yuuhi nothing about what he was thinking, and the man remained perfectly still as Hinako rested her arms against the table, fingers intertwined, and switched her attention to his neighbor. Her plum lips never lost the twisted smile as she asked, "Nekane, do you think he's lying?"
Yuuhi swore he could see the tiny hairs on the back of Nekane's neck stand on end. All eyes turned to her, and her fingers twitched atop Yuuhi's taut hand.
As much as he wanted to help her, he couldn't. Speaking out of turn warranted trouble for the both of them.
She tucked her bleached hair behind her ear, a nervous habit, and smoothed down the lace and frill of her bodice. "Well...I do believe Yuuhi knows to exercise the utmost vigilance while studying the boy in question. I trust his assessment."
That was a good evasion.
Hinako accepted it with a bob of her head. "Yes, and that's why I chose him, isn't it?"
That was a lie.
Everyone knew it.
Hinako stood from the loveseat, her sharp stilettos stabbing the floor. She placed a hand on her brother's shoulder and smiled sweetly at Yuuhi. "As the rest of you discuss how to manage the new land, I will speak to Yuuhi alone in the bed chamber."
Sensation went out of Yuuhi's body. He stapled his eyes shut, lips pursed as his limbs turned numb. Mechanically, he stood. The legs of his chair scraped against the floor, and his fellow brothers and sisters scooted out of the way.
"I expect to hear good things when I come back." As Hinako stepped behind Shinobu and rubbed at his rigid shoulders, she turned a scolding look onto Nekane. "And what did I say about wearing those repulsive frocks, Nekane? This isn't Versailles anymore, and you look like a child's plaything."
Nekane's head lowered as she brushed her hands down the fluff of her knee-length skirt and all the petticoats underneath, but she managed one last apologetic glance at Yuuhi.