
But it was home.
The tires crushed the gravel as Toivo pulled the car up beside dad’s hybrid. The wooden stoop steps creaked and groaned with our feet. The pungent aromas of the wood and the decomposition of the forest floor filled me with the comfort that others might have found from the smell of a long winter finally breaking with the first true day of spring.
As Toivo pushed open the door, Carmi yammered on about how smart he’d been in algebra class and how stupid the other students had been. Despite our home’s deceptive outside appearance, inside was all new. Fresh carpet and paint and wallpaper and boards and furniture.
The parlor room, or the ‘fancy furniture room’ as Carmi so aptly named it, was hardly ever used aside from the dining table at the end, parked beside the kitchen portal. On my opposite side was the much more used living room. As we passed the archway leading inside, I stole a peek.
The familiar sketchbooks were all laid out, graphite pencils spread across the deep couch and coffee table, and some had spilled onto the floor, but there was no dad to be seen. We rounded the corner, finding the kitchen empty as well, and continued into the hallway. The bedroom wing held all the bathrooms and other dad’s office, the door to which was wide open.
Oh, good.
That was a beckoning finger.
I turned to Toivo and Carmi. “You two go start supper. I have war drums to answer.”
Carmi veered right around, ever familiar with the ‘war drums’ phrase. Toivo saluted and said, “May the force be with you,” before he turned away.
He said that sometimes.
I called after him, “I still don’t understand that reference.” He only chased after Carmi.
When I entered the office, I found both dads there, as predicted, chatting it up about getting that glass door attached to the house before winter set in. Rajy instantly looked up from the papers slathered across his desk, which prompted Lio to twist in his leather seat to greet me. The two of them paralleled one another. They were brothers by blood and could have passed for twins with their matching shade of dark, textured black hair and the vivid ruby of their eyes and the deep shade of their skin very similar to Toivo’s.
The true definition between them, however, was how different they were.
A bright smile lit up the sharper features of Lio’s face. He smoothed unruly strands of hair from his eyes with his charcoal-smudged fingers, leaving smears of black along his cheek as he said, “Kali.” The singsong of his British English was the final blanket over my bed that made me feel warm and safe and at home. “Welcome home. Come sit, come sit. It’s so very strange to experience a day without you to bother. I suspect you feel the same.”
I sank into the matching leather chair beside him. “Exactly the same.”
“Oh, you’re always such a terrible liar, did you get that from Rajy? I think you did.” The gentle luminescence from the lamp at the corner of the room honeyed his smile. He sat with one leg pulled up to his chest, his long hair pulled back into a ponytail. I could always tell what sort of day he’d been having by the status of his hair.
His hair told me currently that he’d had a lonely day.
And were his toes smudged in charcoal too?
I faced Rajy and said, “Rajy doesn’t have to lie.”