
He tried to hush me with his other hand, but could hardly keep his own voice down. “Do you want to give yourself away? Because you’re well on track.”
My desk tipped on its rightmost legs as I leaned closer. “I’m a monkey!”
“At least you don’t look like an anorexic zombie.”
“Sir and Lady Andrews.”
Our heads swung around. The quiet danger in our professor’s voice as he stood at the front of our row, arms folded, eyebrow cocked, forced us both to swallow corks. My chair fell back onto all fours with a thud that echoed between the cramped classroom walls like a scream.
The professor then continued on with the syllabus.
Jason watched us with his elbow propped up atop his desk in the row beside me, chin in hand, positively straight-faced. Despite my hysterics, I knew for certain no one other than Yuuhi had made out a word of what I’d said.
Still, I doubted words were what Jason needed to deduce what we’d been talking about.
At the end of the class, as everyone began to pack up their academic instruments, Jason leaned toward me and murmured, “Are you going to request a change of books again?”
I swallowed.
When I twisted to him, he had already turned his back to me as he stuffed his binder into his backpack.
Another thing I learned throughout the day was how to quickly sneak my snacks, stealing from the baggy between my thighs when the professor turned away for just half a second. Keeping my metabolism balanced for me and my kind was key, otherwise lethargy affected us hard. We had a lot of compact body mass, about twice that of a human and five times more efficient, which meant we had a lot more to carry and needed a lot more energy to carry it.
Art class was the laziest of the previous courses. The professor called role, botched a number of names, gave a short introduction, and then said we could read the syllabus on our own time if we absolutely felt compelled to do so. I liked this guy, especially since he said he graded more upon effort than skill. I’d never been very good with crayons, so I was relieved the teacher wasn’t going to stuff art supplies down my throat and order me to regurgitate a Van Gogh. He didn’t even spare me half a glance as I munched away on granola from one of my snack bags.
But someone else did.
“You could probably eat a second lunch in this class,” Jason said from the stool to my left, “and he won’t care.”
I gulped. Hard. The half-masticated granola chunks scraped down the walls of my throat.
Yuuhi, I could tell, tried very hard not to look up from his second read of the syllabus, an attempt to play off the comment as if it wasn’t meant to be taken seriously.
It didn’t help.
Gym class was equally as lazy. The professor called out our names and assigned us lockers in the changing rooms. Then, we were sentenced to free play in the gym. A few boys took up basketballs, but most everyone else plopped down in the bleachers, segmented in their cliques, and continued to talk about clique things.
I watched them, studied them. Body language was something I was only vaguely familiar with, but after only a day of having it displayed wherever I went, all of it began to make sense. The chest-thrust, the raised chin, the twirled legs, the flutter of hands, the knees pressed together, hugging the binder, tossing the hair, rubbing the back of the neck. It was as if everyone was always on stage, acting a particular part, some sort of character, and none of them would give up the dance.