
I thought I'd put him to sleep with the lecture, but as he picked out the green peppers, he remained very much intrigued. "They don't teach us that in school."
"Sustainability? Of course not. You're a consumer and they want you to keep consuming." I wrapped my mouth around the foot of the sandwich and tore off a piece of wheat flesh. My monstrous bite didn't put him off at all, but instead tickled him under the surface.
Once free of peppers, he wiped his hand clean with a recycled napkin and said, "And apparently they don't give us the agenda-free history course, either."
Through my mouthful of food, I said, "Agenda?" and crumbs flecked the table.
"Well, a political agenda, you know. Keep the people supporting the higher powers by telling them different shades of the facts." He chomped down on his first bite, and since he couldn't care less about table manners either, he said, "That's why I read all the historical narratives, you know, with more primary sources and stuff, though it's impossible to find any book that isn't biased somehow." He swallowed, rinsed with a gulp of water, and then reconsidered his thought. "What is this for, anyway? All of this." He gestured to the sandwiches and the table and the me.
My shoulders lifted. "I...wanted some freedom. I needed to get out."
He paused, watching me. His face softened, so that the edge of his always-scrutinizing eyes fell away. "Something happened because of what you did earlier, didn't it? After school when you ran off."
I sucked down water. "I've just...I've been told what to do all my life. Obedience has been my survival. That's what I've thought all this time, but..."
"But now you're questioning it."
Our eyes met. There were no secret motives behind his words now, no need to try to figure out the puzzle that was Kali.
I rolled in my lips, rubbed the edged of my sneakers together, and said, "I am. I don't know, I...I just needed to do it. I needed to feel what it was like to not have to depend on someone to have all the answers for me. Like you, I suppose. If someone asks you a question, you're going to find that answer. If someone asks me a question, well, I..." the weight of the realization turned my shoulders to anchors, "I look to someone else."
Rain washed the windows in waterfalls and flooded the yard in streams. The sky flickered white. Thunder rumbled and rattled the glass.
I drove my teeth into bread. Mayo and mustard oozed and dripped to the foil, but appetite had vanished from my stomach. The mixtures of flavors turned to ash on my tongue.
His eyes lowered. "You really don't know who you are, do you? I mean, it doesn't make you no one. It just means you have to figure it out."
"Have you figured out who you are yet?"
I wasn't referring to our simple selves, and he knew that. Muscles tensed along his arms and shoulders and neck. That was my answer. He hadn't. There was no real way for him to figure it out either, not unless he knew what to look for.
But why didn't he deserve to know what he was? The Powers That Be didn't have that sort of jurisdiction over his life, and...
No one should have that jurisdiction over mine either.
I set the dribbling sandwich down and washed my mouth with a couple more gulps of water. With one more breath, I said, "Remember how I told you that I didn't have much of a point of view when it came to the wars? Well, I don't. I only read the papers back then, and I've only had Rajy educate me and Toivo and Carmi on the infrastructure and result of an atomic bomb. When the human government was educating its people during the Cold War how to duck and cover if we see a bright flash in the sky, my father was teaching us that that bright flash would torch our eyeballs in our sockets if a bomb truly did strike Pittsburgh, which was more likely than not since we'd become the center of commerce for superhuman species after the turn of the twentieth century. And he told us that the blast of a bomb like that would swallow us up and incinerate us and everything around, if we were lucky."