
Kali remained perfectly rigid. "What...what conclusion? I don't..."
"She's always with him," Elliot said, eyes wide as he pointed at Carmi. "Always. But she's not his pet, no. No, no. Instead, they are each other's pets. That's why they're always together."
"Wait." Ave looked between us all, and then similarly slammed her hands down on the table to lean in. "Cassius?"
"Ave!"
"Well!" Her arms flew into the air.
Carmi thought his insides would become his outsides. The smell of his own horror, a scent that burned his nose and grated all the way down his throat and into his lungs, threatened to give him the first intimate feeling of what it meant to vomit.
Toivo could only stand there, unseeing and silent.
Any ounce of color had left Kali's face.
She had seen Cassius. The context didn't matter—she had seen him. There were very few instances where anyone outside of the Vampire Alliance saw him. Fewer than few.
He didn't operate outside his castle.
He never had to.
The back legs of Kali's chair screeched as she stood. She set the rat down on the seat and said, "I'm just...I need to use the bathroom. I'll."
She didn't finish that sentence, if it could even be called a sentence. She turned her back and fled the kitchen for the hall.
Ave's palm slapped over her mouth, eyes wide as she lurched to go after Kali with Toivo right beside her. Carmi leapt from his seat, hands in the air, and declared, "No, give her some time to herself first, okay? Let her get back some of her bearings, and then I'll go talk to her. Now put dinner on the table."
Toivo's stupid eyebrows climbed in a, 'I know you didn't just order me like I'm your bitch,' manner.
But Ave's hands muffled her words words as she slowly twisted back around. "That's exactly what I'm about to do. Put dinner on this table."
She did, and Toivo sent deathwaves at Carmi as he helped.
The four of them resumed their seats at the table, but they didn't start eating. A silent agreement passed between the four of them that there would be no eating until Kali had joined them, but none of them knew how long that would be.
Carmi switched to Elliot instead and asked, "Do you think that the Amon and Ares ordeal is going to be used as a tool to start war?"
Elliot stared at his plate as if ready to flag down the nearest waiter and say, 'I'm sorry, sir, there seems to be some confusion. It looks like you've served me my own vomit instead of a meal.' "I think that it would be too good of an opportunity for anyone to pass up. And I think that if handed the chance to restore balance to the earth, someone will never fail to fuck it up."
Toivo, with an elbow propped atop the table and his chin in hand, tried to distract himself by fumbling with his napkin. He only looked like he wanted to murder it. "It's odd that the earth would take so long to restore Amon and Ares and say 'I need you to do this again.' Why now, of all times?"
"Maybe it's not so sudden." Elliot raised an eyebrow at him. "How many tries has the earth already gone through to fix things? We can't know what's happened in the past."
Ave scooted over enough to drop her forehead down on Elliot's bony shoulder. Even that turned him into an awkward boy, and he tapped his fingers on the table while she said, "I love you. You're so smart. But I also think you are the world's biggest pessimist."