
Even if it really wasn't an answer, he understood. The tension in his face loosened and his shoulders relaxed. "It's alright. You don't have to know how to hold yourself up yet, which is why we're doing this, isn't it? So you can grieve. You're allowed to grieve."
Those words nearly took out my knees.
I had needed that. I had needed to hear those exact words. Instead of Toivo finding his distraction from reality, and Carmi looking at me with such deep-seated accusation, I had needed someone to tell me, 'You will deal with it when you need to, on your own terms.'
Tears flooded my eyes, but I wouldn't cry again. I tipped my head back and wrestled with every tear.
I wouldn't cry again. It was time to be strong.
"You know what it's like," my voice cracked, "don't you? To lose someone."
"I do."
"Does it get any easier?"
"Not for a while, no. Not for a long time. Sometimes, it feels like you might never move on." His jaw worked as he strung together words. In the darkness of the night, his eyes could have passed for black, but the intensity was what got me. A tiny flame still smoldered deep inside him, a light in the darkness of his eyes, and my face warmed with the heat of it. "But once you accept it, and once you're ready to pick yourself up, every day gets a little bit easier."
I wasn't ready to accept it yet, and I wasn't ready to move on, and I thought of Mazin who still wore the wedding band of his dead wife. I thought of how I'd told him that she would have wanted him to move on, and I thought of the glimpse of a broken man he had shown me.
I would be him. I would be Mazin. A hundred years from now, I'd still hear the bullets and I'd still see their faces.
When my hand moved, I didn't know what I was thinking, or if I even was thinking. All I knew was the sensation of my fingers crawling into the coolness of Yuuhi's hand, and when his fingers closed around mine, a quavering breath of steam left my chest. I closed my eyes and remembered when I had first broken down into tears as he held me, cradled me without judgment.
We stood together, side-by-side. Not a single car passed us by on the quiet street, no lights to be seen in any of the other cookie-cut homes or shops.
As dawn yawned across the sky, Yuuhi's phone buzzed. He answered. "Yeah."
Leon's voice filled the silence. "Looks like a few hunters staked this place out, Nekane says maybe just yesterday, probably the holy type, sorta smells like holy water, but their tracks're gone. Aside from that, nothing."
Yuuhi's eyebrows raised. "Nothing at all?"
"Nah. Nekane said there hasn't been any vampire around here at all, at least for the past few days. How good's she at reading shadow tracks?"
His voice dropped down to a murmur. "Good enough." His eyes, narrowed and burning, calculated formulas and numbers that I couldn't see. He absently squeezed my fingers as the seconds ticked by. "Alright. Take your posts, then."
When the call ended, his attention switched to me and he said, "I'm concerned about this."
"About the fact that no one's looked for me there?"
"I'm concerned that no one's had to look for you there. If they're searching for you, we can safely assume they haven't a clue where you're hiding, but if they're not..." Distant thought reclaimed his face before he said, "We shouldn't stay long. I'm going to send a message to Cain to look into what's going on. This is at least the best time of day to go about things."