
It frustrated me. Even Toivo managed a couple close shots at us, and as we struggled, Jason's breathing picked up. He was only human, with modern day human stamina. Sure, he had one heck of a persistent endurance, challenging himself to keep up with me, but he wouldn't be able to keep it up for long no matter how stubborn he was.
Still, he managed a breathless laugh. "I knew it."
I spun out of crossfire. "Knew what?"
"That he'd be a good match."
I claimed a ball and hurled it at Toivo. He caught it right in the core of his stomach and fired it back at me. The rubber blasted past my arm and nearly took me with it.
Damn it.
I swallowed a gulp of oxygen and called out to Jason, "What's your plan now?"
"Well, if you didn't like acting as bait-" he jumped out of fire, "-you're not going to like this one."
"What the heck is it?"
"He's most vulnerable when he throws."
My head snapped around. The teens had erupted into jeers, wanting one side to lose, wanting the victors, wanting something grand and extravagant to happen, but I couldn't hear them as I focused on Toivo.
I knew his movements. I had grown up training all forms of defensive techniques with him, so I already knew what I was looking for. When he released a ball in our direction this time, I watched him. I studied his motions the way I had studied Yuuhi's, watching the placement of his feet, strong and powerful and rooted, all the way up his spine and into his arm. He was a streamlined train, sleek and powerful.
And because he had so much power to wield, it took him that much longer to recover.
I swiveled out of the way at the last second and pushed out a weak, "Ah."
"I'm not going to-"
"I'll take the sacrifice, captain. You saved me for the end for this very reason, right?"
I got him there, and that was how I knew I was indeed correct. His hesitation, however fleeting it was, gave himself away. He had saved me, just in case he couldn't find a way to get Toivo out first, and he hadn't. I was the designated kamikaze.
I apprehended a ball and deflected another, but I didn't make my move until Toivo had a ball of his own. His sharp blue eyes pierced into me, burning into my own stature, studying me, even though he also already knew me. I purposely gave him the wrong body language, purposely screwed with his assessment of me. He was the better fighter without question. He would always win when it came to skill.
And because of this, he had forced me to work on techniques beyond basic skill.
So I showed him a weak stature, a stance that was hesitant, that promised I'd flee if he gave me a reason. It registered in his face, and he slung the ball at me-just as my feet switched and I tossed the ball at him, underhand, as if hurling a bowling ball. Still, I tried to dodge, but of course I couldn't. His ball struck me in the shoulder and I staggered, but when the crowd exploded and the instructor's whistle screamed twice, I knew it was over.
Jason had won.
The shock showed on Toivo's face as he registered what had happened, how he had lost.
There was no more doubt in my mind about what Jason was, and I knew now, there was no more doubt in Toivo's or Yuuhi's either.