
She rebounded to her senses, rage cutting the oxygen to her lungs. "G-Get...Get out. Get out of my house, I'll call the—"
"Who?" I took a wide stride toward her. "You'll call who? There's not a person on this earth who could save you from me."
She cowered, her shoulders raised, her arms barred in front of her face. Her body shook and the fragrance of her horror whetted my appetite for more. I wanted her to be afraid. I wanted her to regret every day that she had done this to him. I wanted her to drop down onto all fours and beg for forgiveness—
A hand caught my arm. Fingers dug in and stopped me. I wheeled around with a growl in my throat, but then Jason's face stabbed sense back into my brain. I choked on the air in my throat as ice rippled inside me. His left cheek was puffy and enflamed, his lip split with a thread of blood snaking to his chin, and his eyes were wet when he looked at me, unsure of what I would do, if I would lash out and hurt him too.
What the bloody hell was I doing?
The tension in my muscles unwound and my jaw fell, but no words came to my lips. Jason took care of that. "Get out, Kali. Please."
My brain wasn't quite ready to translate English, but the desperation in his voice spoke clearly enough to me. I understood what he meant, what he was telling me to do, and I tried again for words, but—
"Please." His voice cracked, his eyes fell, and he released my arm. In the background, the whimpers of his mother edged into my consciousness.
My body acted robotically. I didn't question him, couldn't even begin to. I fell hard and fast to obedience, and the world became a blur of dark colors and rain and time before I found myself standing at the far end of the driveway, peering back at the house, my clothes already soaked through as water lashed at me.
I waited for lights to come on as the last cinders of daylight burned out and left a sky of black coal. The thunder and lightning had long gone by then, but the rain continued.
I hadn't any idea how much time had passed. All I could think about was how I'd lost control of myself. Rajy had trained me all my life on how to squeeze the reins on the thing that was inside me—the monster. The reason why demons were mistaken for devils. And the only trigger that had shattered my grip was this woman trying to hurt Jason. Trying to hurt her child.
I understood, more clearly than ever, how demons had earned their association with creatures of hell.
The shadows shifted. Droplets tumbled from my eyelashes and I lifted my chin just as an umbrella moved over my head. A vampire had appeared before me, taller, physically a few years older than Toivo. His flesh was as softly white as powder snow, and his short, platinum blond hair was like strands of the palest sunlight. His dark blue eyes rested on me, the smooth line of his lips turned into a gentle frown.
I knew him. He went by the name of Cain.
And he was the vampire who had turned my sister.



(Copyright © 2013 Sarah Godfrey. Please alert the author at keyboardsmashwriters@gmail.com if you are seeing this work posted in full outside of SarahandVictoria on Wattpad.)

[For more information about Dance in Shadow and Whisper, check out MarionettesandMonsters on Tumblr and Blogspot!]