
Rajy had his tablet out, a fancy gadget of the technological world that never ceased to awe me, even if I wasn’t allowed to touch it. The harsh light of the screen bleached the color of his softer features and highlighted the tips of his closely cropped hair.
I added, “Allegiance lords and representatives have no reason to lie, isn’t that right?”
“Precisely,” Rajy said. A lie. “Lies aren’t adequate enough for evidentiary argumentative support—purportedly, I am told. Not one of us ever seems to make away with it as they did in the old days.” Even his stoic, menacing British English felt good. It at least wasn’t the confounding anger of the professors when I tried to use the toilet. “So, tell me, Kali, how was your first day within the human education sphere?”
My shoulders sagged. “I’m not sure yet. It’s all so…confusing. I feel like everyone speaks a completely different language than I’m used to.”
Lio laughed, a sound as honeyed as his smile. “Did anyone bugger you for your mix of formal and informal speech habits, then?”
I turned on him. “You knew about that? I thought I was speaking perfectly normal! But then Yuuhi, he—”
“Your counterpart,” Rajy said. I had his full attention now, his elbows perched on the desk, fingers interwoven at his chin.
My head bobbed absently. “He said I’m really poor with it—did you know that people don’t say ‘of subject’ anymore? As in, ‘don’t speak of this’?”
Lio mocked a gasp and leaned forward. “Well! I had no idea!”
Also a lie.
Rajy’s hands fluttered dismissively. “Of course it’s still used, Kali. Just not, perhaps, by the casual speaking human seventeen-year-old. Many of your phrases are considered old-fashioned, certainly. But I’d hesitate to believe your colloquialisms are no longer used today.”
I pursed my lips. “Because they’re used by people like you.”
“Yes.”
“You,” I said, “who still sometimes speaks like it’s the seventeen-hundreds colonial age of Britain.”
“I fail to see your point.”
Ignoring his brother, Lio turned to me again. “And how is that boy, anyway? Yuuhi, wasn’t it? And is he as non-Asian as his photo suggests?”
I snorted. “Yes, although it’s a little weird to call him ‘that boy’, dad. He’s not that much younger than you.”
“And yet he was critiquing your English?” Lio didn’t even bother wiping the grin from his face. “Why, the nerve.”
It was Rajy’s turn to ignore his brother. “Did you locate the human boy, then? Has he exhibited any key behaviors?”
By ‘key behaviors’, he meant the signs that hinted at what Jason actually was, supernaturally. So far, he’d shown no signs of being anything beyond simply human. While it was our purpose to keep him that way, the intent of Yuuhi’s people was the exact antithesis. If Yuuhi became absolutely positive that Jason was what he was suspected to be, Jason’s days as a human would come to an end—if Yuuhi or his people got their hands on him first.
We had to make sure they couldn’t do that. Bad things would happen if they were successful, which meant I had to be absolutely positive about Jason before Yuuhi could be.
I leaned back against the chair, crushing the contents of my backpack, and draped my arms over the armrests. “Supernaturally, no. No signs of any powers or anything, but there are little nuances about him that feel like definite signs to me. He’s nothing like the other teens, anyway.”