
At first, I didn't want to believe a word of it. But, that day when we had returned home with Jason, Carmi told us Lio had left to scope out our territory because of a call from Rajy. Someone had tipped him off that something was going on.
With his fingers still coiled around my suspended arm, I quietly asked, "It was Cain, wasn't it? He told Rajy that Solara was on the property."
"Solara with a pack of vampires."
"And he told you."
"He secretly watched over your property when we were in class or when I was—when I was elsewhere." That last word sounded strange on his tongue, like a kernel sticking to the back of his throat. "He sensed the rogue group of vampires sneak onto your territory, which is tantamount to desecrating a sanctuary in the treaty rules. The...late treaty, anyway."
Referring to the treaty as if it were a fallen comrade gave me pause, and then I continued. "The text message. During class."
"He told me what had happened, and he told me we had to lure you to neutral territory and keep you there, where Alliance forces were lawfully permitted to intervene without willfully breaking the treaty."
"Then why did you push me away that day? Why didn't you just tell me this? I would have believed you, despite how many times you told me not to, and you know that."
His fingers finally loosened from my arm, tentative and wooden. "I do know that. I didn't tell you because Cain also told me that it was unlikely Jason would make it through the night alive."
They had known. The Vampire Alliance had known. I remembered the words Aemilius had airily spoken as if dismissing a particular bland pattern of wallpaper.
'It wasn't meant to last.'
The treaty wasn't meant to last. It was a bandage over a fissure that was the demon and vampire relationship. The treaty had been for show. It all came together in my head, that the outside world had to believe we were working together and not causing friction. After all, no one wanted a war on American soil.
But our Powers That Be had always known that Jason's change was inevitable. Both the Alliance and the Allegiance had known all along. Yuuhi and I had been for show. And now I was supposed to be Amon.
I felt used.
Manipulated.
I felt like my desires and my position in everything had been marginalized to the role of a pawn, to a tiny piece on the chessboard of greater political schemes.
A sacrificial piece.
Yuuhi watched me, patient and still. He let my brain soak in the boiling water, and he let me drop down to a simmer. I couldn't look at him when I said, "You'll protect me for what I'm supposed to be, you said. For now."
"It's not my or anyone else's job to touch you."
A wry grin split my lips. "It's Ares'. You're one of the believers who think the earth redid Ares and Amon to make them fight again, to leave one victor and one fresh grave. You think that the imbalance is because both Ares and Amon died, when only one should have." His hesitation was my answer. I retreated a single step. "He won't. He won't do it. Jason'll never hurt me." He wouldn't even defend himself against his own mother striking his face. "He's never going to—"
"You don't know that, Kali."
"Of course I—"
His voice raised. "You have no idea what's been done to him. He's not the one who sucked out the majority of your venom."