
There was no car in the driveway, and I peeked through the garage door windows to make doubly sure before I climbed the steps of the porch and lifted my finger to the doorbell.
But then I stopped.
I knew I wasn't very savvy in the ways of social etiquette, and I knew that inviting myself over to his house might have been particularly odd, but why had I picked Jason's house? I had climbed free of the cage of my bedroom, only to go to the boy that I had been ordered to watch over. And I wanted to be here.
Was it because he knew I didn't know who I was, and he was okay with that? Maybe I thought he could help me find the answer with his horrible art skills and evil dodgeball strategies.
Or maybe it was because I still wanted to be complex to him.
My finger hovered over the illuminated button, but all at once, I let loose a breath of hot air and stabbed the doorbell. I waited patiently, tapping my toes against the soaked mat and counting the panes of textured, prismatic glass in the doorway. But after about a minute passed, my patience broke. I stabbed the doorbell again, over and over and over and over and—
The door popped open. Jason looked me up and down, face twisted in confusion. His lips pursed to speak, but I pushed passed him and invited myself inside. The marble tile of the foyer circled around a whimsical mosaic design of rustic colors in the center of the floor. A staircase curled against the wall and rose to the second floor, the banister carved of rich mahogany and the walls done in shades of vanilla cream. It looked like a home, but similarly to the living room, didn't feel like one.
Jason shut the door and came up beside me. "Are you allowed to do this?"
Archways surrounded us, and I realized I could easily get lost in here. "No, actually. Where's a place we can sit down and eat?"
"Over here."
He took me through the archway straight ahead. When we passed through vaulted hallway and into the grand kitchen with the island and the sparkling floor and enameled walls, with its high ceiling and tall windows, I had to take a moment to gape in awe. "Do you actually use this?"
He maintained perfect nonchalance as he pulled at the sleeve of his hoodie. "To microwave stuff. Sometimes to cook eggs."
"You only eat eggs for breakfast?"
"I didn't say I cooked eggs for breakfast." The flicker of teasing in his face sparked a grin to my own. He gestured me over to a simple steel table by the windows. The table had the same sort of rustic design as the interior of the house, complete with only two cushioned seats. "Want something to drink? We only have water and milk."
"Water's fine."
Once we had taken our seats across from each other, the rain had started again. Droplets slapped the glass like a hundred tapping fingers and pebbled against the empty concrete patio outside. I pulled out two fat subs from the bag and unwrapped mine from the foil. "I wasn't sure what you liked, so I just got two of mine."
He peeled open his, curious. "Is it a pound of meat?"
"Of course not. It's romaine, spinach, parsley, avocado, cucumber, red onions, green peppers, tomatoes, black beans, some sort of dressing, and I have some mayo and chipotle mustard on mine for extra carbs."
His eyes widened. "I thought demons were primarily meat-eaters."
"Well, we used to be, a very long time ago, and that's still the common misconception." I heard Rajy in my words. I suddenly knew why Toivo covered his face in shame when the same thing happened to him. "But our population's grown to the point that there's not enough meat on the earth to sustain our appetite, so most of us have had to find alternative sources of protein. A lot of us also grow our own food because we consume a whole lot, and the average income for a demon can't support so much consuming."