
I pushed off my heels and rocketed back to the stairwell—the door swung open. Lio stepped in front of me. The door fell shut and his gun shook in the white-knuckled grip of his hand. His face was harrowing. The deadness in his eyes. The quiver in the pursed hairline of his lips. The wrinkles carved into his forehead.
No.
I shoved past him and ripped open the door, and even as he shouted at me, even as his arms flung for me and wrapped around my waist, I did not stop. I thrashed and I screamed fire and nails and I fought my way around the staircase.
All I needed was a glimpse.
A single glimpse.
And then I wrestled my way free and saw what I should have never seen.
Rajy, his body slumped, his chin to his chest, his face serene.
A bullet in his forehead.
No. It wasn't real. It couldn't be. This would never happen, it was impossible. Rajy was my father, he was the only god in my world, and there was no way to kill a god.
The stairwell door shut in my face. I didn't remember Lio dragging me back into the lobby. I didn't remember when my body had gone so numb. I didn't remember who I was, or where I was, or how I had gotten here.
"Come on, Kali." Lio's broken voice slung a dagger through my chest and forced me back into this fractured world. "We have to go. We have to keep—"
I tore myself free. My voice was barely a ghost of a whisper, shrill and weightless. "We have to get Rajy, we have to get him help, take him to a hospital, we—"
His hand seized my arm, his grip nearly bruising. "Kali, listen to me." He pulled me close to his face, so that I could see every crack and fissure in his façade and the bloody scrapes and swollen patches of skin from the car's impact. "I have to protect you. You're our daughter, and we'll do whatever it takes to protect you. Don't...Don't let this be for nothing."
But this wasn't real.
Why didn't he know this wasn't real? Why didn't he understand that Rajy would be okay as long as we brought him to help as soon as possible? The doctors could fix him. They could save him, and then we could all go home with Toivo and Carmi, and we could fix Solara and save Jason, and everything would be good again.
Lio's hand cupped my face, his fingers quivering almost as hard as his voice. "Don't let his sacrifice be for nothing."
I cracked. A sob broke free of my lips. My hand covered my mouth and I gasped so sharply for air that I thought the single breath would slice me in half.
"Follow my lead." His eyes held mine, wide yet steady. So maddeningly steady. "Alright? Follow me, keep your head low, we're going to locate a busy street and blend in until help comes."
Help.
Help was coming for us.
Help would come for Rajy. It wasn't—wasn't too late—
Lio took off, dragging me after him. My feet had trouble keeping up, had trouble finding a pattern that made walking possible. We blasted through the front doors and onto the sidewalk.
Night in the city wasn't real. Night here was fake. Heat clung to the walls like a fever. Lights flashed at me and a thousand suns blinded me and I hated it.
A single man stood beside the doors, a smoldering cigarette between his fingers and a phone attached to his ear. He didn't so much as glance our direction as he ranted about contracts and contract workers. Traffic flashed past and ballooned my chest with toxic air. Everyone was oblivious to what had happened. No one knew. No one had heard the muffled bullet and registered it as more than the usual city noises. No one stopped to look at us and see our scrapes and our battered bodies and the gun in my father's hand.