
I opted to shut my eyes instead. All I had to focus on was the lumpy street beneath me, how fast we moved, when we slowed to a stop, and when Rajy had to slam on the brakes because 'City drivers are a reckless lot of pretentious prats.'
Except Rajy was also a city driver. A reckless, pretentious prat of a city driver.
Toivo had picked it up from someone, after all.
The eaves of a hotel entrance appeared over me. The car rolled to a stop and I floundered with my tangled seatbelt before I freed myself and sat up. The car doors popped open. A young man, the valet, saluted Rajy and accepted the keys as if taking the Holy Chalice into his hands. Lio reached into the backseat and took my hand to help me out. I didn't need the help, but it felt good when our hands touched. Felt safe.
We entered a simple, understated lobby. By no means was this a fancy hotel, but Rajy wasn't the fancy type. He liked things simple and clean. No more stair-climbing was needed, which was a plus for Lio, who had initiated his whining on only the twentieth floor of Yuuhi's building.
It was quiet here, with a camera mounted in the corner of every hallway. When we entered through our universal hotel room door, we stepped into a simple two-roomed suite with a small parlor room and a separate bedroom with an adjoining bathroom. We ate at the small lacquered table, and to my dismay, they witnessed my ravenous appetite first-hand when I stuffed the sandwich into my face and its salami and coleslaw and fry innards spilled out and I could barely chew.
But I did chew.
And the hodgepodge of heavy flavors inspired music in my head and let me forget about Solara and Jason and my brothers and everything that had happened.
After I gulped down my first bite with eight gallons of water, I asked, "Is it really safe here?"
Rajy considered the most appropriate words to give me as he delicately picked at his sardine and garden greens sandwich. I had noticed before, but now that we were together in a quiet space where the rest of the world didn't exist, I could truly see how haggard both he and Lio were. The sheer curtain obscured the light that highlighted every line and crinkle in their faces, and Lio's ponytail was the worst ponytail I'd ever seen.
"We debated a long time about where to hide us," Rajy said. "The other lords and I. We concluded that a smaller hotel subsisting on the very outskirt of the Misc District would be ideal."
I didn't know much about the city, but I knew the 'Misc District' was for the peoples of the world who didn't have a large enough population to have their own representation in the Inter-Peoples Court. Their own district was a grab bag of everything in the world, a little haven where anyone was free to be what they were.
He continued. "For the past few days we tested this hotel and had it watched to see whether or not it would suffice, and it has. The house, of course, is no longer safe."
I dabbed at my face with a flimsy napkin. "Will we ever be able to go back to it?"
"One day."
I didn't like that he couldn't say more. If there was one thing that never failed me about him, it was the fact that he had an extensive say about everything. 'One day' was his effort to say as little about the matter as possible. "And there's no news on Toivo and Carmi at all?"
Rajy and Lio exchanged furtive glances. I didn't like that either.
Lio set down his veggie sandwich and reached out to touch my arm. "If something were to have happened by now, we would most certainly know. I trust in them to be wise about their decisions until they can be located."