
As soon as she spotted my eyes staring back at her, however, the alarm left her face. "He warned us you might do this," she said as she stomped up to me, snagged my hand and replaced the alligator mouth. The twitch-inducing beep stopped. "You need to keep this on. You just went through extreme hypovolemic shock and hypoxia that caused you to go into cardiac arrest. Your chest is most likely hurting, which is normal after defibrillation. You're receiving a blood and blood plasma transfusion if you haven't noticed, and because of the lack of oxygen to your brain, you—"
"You have a lovely face."
Her cheeks flushed. She stopped in the midst of reviewing the jumble of numbers on the monitor screen. "Th-Thank you, but—"
"You're a vampire, aren't you?"
"This is an underground vampire hospital that provides safe healthcare for unregistered superhumans, which most often entails vampires, so your doctor, crash team, and most of your nurses are going to be—"
"You talk profusely. My wife talks profusely, did you know? And yet she's the one who often tells me I talk profusely. She's right, of course. I do."
Her face swelled with blood again, and this time she didn't know what to say in response. Luckily, a familiar white man appeared in the doorway to save her, a cellular telephone in his hand and a look of panic on his face that quickly diminished. "Oh—they told me her monitor—well, then. I'll take it from here." The nurse nodded and briskly left, startling him as she did. He turned on me and asked, "What did you do to her?"
He thought I was still Kali.
And he was a vampire demon. With any vampire demon, allegiance was questionable, and I couldn't do worse than to underestimate him. My only option was to play the part and deceive the white man. "Nothing."
He didn't believe it a moment, his dark blue eyes sharpening on me. He relented and took a seat at the edge of my caged bed. "How are you, then? You put the staff through quite an ordeal."
"I'm well, thank you."
He stopped and studied me closer.
Was that not the right thing to say? It sounded very Kali-ish to me.
"That's good," he finally said. "Do you remember what happened?"
"Of course I remember what happened. For the most part, anyway. I've yet to understand how the fuck I ended up here, in this particular—why are you looking at me like that?"
Oh.
That's right. Kali never—
"Because I thought I had rescued Kali, not you, Amon."



(Copyright © 2013 Sarah Godfrey. Please alert the author at keyboardsmashwriters@gmail.com if you are seeing this work posted in full outside of SarahandVictoria on Wattpad.)

[For more information about Dance in Shadow and Whisper, check out MarionettesandMonsters on Tumblr and Blogspot! You can also find all recent books in the series on Amazon, both paperback and Kindle versions.]