
I stuffed my clothes into my bag for a weekend wash. When I emerged, Toivo and Jason stood together, discussing their basketball games and the much anticipated rematch of egos.
Yuuhi was nowhere to be seen.
I came up to them. "Where's my third henchman?"
Toivo's face soured. Jason shrugged and said, "I didn't see him back in the locker room."
Toivo gestured vaguely to the doors of freedom. "I noticed some of the guys sneak out of the hall still dressed in their gym attire when the proctors turned their backs."
"It's not weird," Jason said. "Some of us just wear our clothes home instead of changing if gym's the last period of the day." He paused. His ever alert eyes cut across the heads of the crowd of teens meandering around for the final bell. "And if Yuuhi's not here with us like he usually is..."
The fear lodged the pit into my gut again. Toivo produced his phone and maneuvered it with a single hand. "I'll send him a text. Leaving with human minors on demon property violates the treaty. He's an idiot, but he's not stupid enough to make war over a couple of tasty teenagers."
Jason scowled at him. "Can you not refer to us as tasty?"
My gaze turned to the window. Sunlight crested the clouds and turned them silver. After the final bell of Friday, we climbed into the truck and headed to Jason's. I didn't like the idea of leaving him alone for the entire weekend. He would have to learn how to deal with me stealing into his house to whisk him away, or something like that.
When we pulled up to his driveway, however, he didn't budge from his seat. I leaned forward. A sleek and sporty Mercedes was parked beside his mother's SUV. Jason stared at it, his jaw set and his fingers digging into his thighs. The vaguely sweet scent of his dread filled my nose.
I exchanged a quick glance with Toivo before I asked Jason, "Do you need a place to stay for a while?"
His eyes shifted sideways. We might have been on better terms, but he still wasn't comfortable enough with me to enter my house and play Yahtzee and Monopoly. I was still a stranger to him.
At least, that was what I thought. Then he looked at me, brow furrowed, mouth taut. "If it's okay."
Toivo removed his foot from the brake pedal and we rolled on. When we arrived at the house, there was no Prius to be seen. Jason looked on, forgetting the Mercedes in exchange for studying the foreign realm of a demon's natural habitat. I shuffled him out of the cabin.
We followed Toivo up the steps as he pried the ring from his finger and revealed his maidenly silver locks. It was the first time Jason got to see them, and he made that apparent by how he gawked.
"I know demons are supposed to have 'one or two weird traits' or whatever," Jason said, "but I thought those traits weren't really supposed to be odd enough to be distinguishable. Like your eyes."
My eyes might have been a strange shade of gray for my skin tone, but he was right. Most of us blended in, or— "You've probably passed dozens of demons in your life without realizing it," Toivo said as we climbed the squeaky steps. "The difference is that a lot of us will color our hair or wear contact lenses if it means we can blend in. I don't."
Inside, Lio wasn't in his usual drawing position, but we found Carmi sitting at the dining room table with his homework spread around him and a tin of cooked and salted acorns in his small hand.