
"Why?"
"It's no different from the hour when creatures of the day go to sleep and creatures of the night wake up, except reversed, and those are the things we need to worry about."
I gave him a dubious look. "Not all vampires are night-bound. The majority aren't as light-sensitive as you."
He touched the top of his head and snapped his fingers. "Well, shucks. Forgot my tiara." Despite the weight in my chest, a small laugh pushed its way through my lips. His hand squeezed mine and he said, "Are you ready?"
No.
I didn't think I'd ever be ready.
But I gripped his hand and nodded, so he nodded in return. "Hold on tight."
#
A plunge through shadow was like a drop straight into the core of the earth. The night shredded me apart and swallowed me into a colorless world where shadows were train tracks and any spot of light was a vortex into nothingness.
My stomach soared to my mouth and a soundless scream rumbled within the intangible smear of ink that was my body, clinging to Yuuhi.
My feet hit solid pavement and each of my molecules slammed back together. My knees gave out and I crumpled, and I would have fallen if Yuuhi hadn't steadied me with an arm around my shivering frame. My chest heaved and the world spun with vertigo intense enough for my stomach to sneak a sour flavor across my tongue.
I hadn't liked shadow travel when Yuuhi had first yanked me into the darkness the night Jason had been taken—all half a second of it—and I liked it a million times less after shooting out of the city.
Yuuhi helped me find balance again, and once the nausea cleared and my ankles were strong enough to hold me up, I became extremely aware of the pressure of his hand at my waist and his body against mine. It reminded me of that day in the gym when he had attacked me, when I should have been afraid, but I wasn't. Not for my life, anyway.
I swallowed. Heat prickled my face and I vacillated with what I needed to do next. "W-We'd better hurry. My brothers tend to get up early, and I need to get back before that happens." Lest they butcher me, filet me, and fry me up like bacon.
The resolution in my gut held until I peered up at the arc of rustling trees over the pitch black of our driveway. The bile clawed across my tongue again.
It looked so unfamiliar.
"Why didn't you want your brothers to do this with you?" he asked, a wrinkle in his brow.
I couldn't tear my eyes from the sight ahead, from the way the shadows nestled in the branches and flooded the gravel and hid the house so far away. "Because...they're not ready to do this yet."
They weren't ready to enter the house, to be slammed with the realization that our fathers would never be here with us again.
They weren't ready to face reality yet.
They needed to deal with it on their own terms, just like I did.
I started ahead of Yuuhi. He didn't stop me. My feet knew this gravel so well, but the grinding of the pebbles as we walked made it feel like I stomped across construction paper with an effort to make as much noise as possible.
Yuuhi stayed close behind me, eyes alert and his sensors extending into the charcoal shadow that my low-light vision barely pierced through. Wind tossed our hair and clothes, carrying a brisk bite that stung my flesh with goose bumps.