
Confusion and anger rise up in me, along with my eyes widening then narrowing. My stomach twists into knots as the face on the poster immediately clicks in my head. I pull it out, straightening it out against the floor. My jaw tightens as I stare at the giant rectangle poster of a band. If it weren't for the fact someone had already spent money on this, I'd crumple it up and take it with me back home.
That's what the big secret was? That Luke happens to be in a band? Some popular band that gets mentioned every 5 seconds. I scowl at the HQ picture. I shove it back into the box, curse words flying out of my mouth. How could this be 'the ugly truth'? This is awesome!
I'm beyond pissed that this was kept from me, and that this was the secret, but Luke being in a band was cool. Mom and Luke aren't just going to get away with keeping this from me though. My eyes stung as I felt like a complete outsider in my family. Maybe they wanted to keep me away from the cameras and news crew, but they were wrong to avoid telling me this.
Someone tapped on the shop door. For now, Luke being in a band was going on the back-burner. I unlocked the door so the customer could come in.
"Do you have any 5 Seconds of Summer CDs? My daughter's birthday is tomorrow and she's been begging for their album." Of course that's what the man would come in here for. I forced out a smile and made sure my tone was sweet.
"I'm so sorry, we are out of their albums. Maybe try Target?" I offered as the frown etched across the desperate dad's face. Part of me felt bad but the other part was glad I wouldn't have to see that photo again. Not until later when I present it in front of the two liars back home. Luck is on their side, the mall doesn't close until 9 at night.
---
UH OHH! Luke Hemmings' secret is unraveling! He better hide cause Katie is pissed LOL
How do you like this so far? I promise things we get more interesting as more chapters come out, can't have the climax at the very beginning ;) more things will unravel as the story progresses!
Thanks so much for reading and feel free to leave feedback!
(Sorry for any mistakes!)