
I poured in the steaming water over the tea bag and stirred it around with a spoon. I don't normally put much cream or sugar into my tea. Deciding to skip the cream, I searched through multiple cabinets for the sugar.
"Looking for this?" Calum said holding the bag of sugar above my head. He was standing directly behind me. I was perplexed at the moment. His close proximity made me very aware of the heat radiating off him. I slowly turned around and looked up towards his face. When he was standing a couple inches away from he, he grew a few inches.
"Y-yeah thanks." I scolded myself for the stutter. Calum just smirked and lowered the sugar. I reached out to grab it but he yanked his arm high in the air again.
"What's the password?" My eyes narrowed knowing what his intention was. I knew a simple word or combination of witty words wouldn't do it. The password was an action. One I'm assuming involved a kiss.
I rolled my eyes and stood up on my toes to plant a kiss on his cheek. Calum lowered the sugar but yanked it high in the air again when I reached out to grab it. I became a little annoyed and frustrated now. My tea wasn't going to be hot forever.
"That's not it." He said in a low voice. One that made another bubble of warmth explode through me. Calum's eyes were shinning with mischief as he looked at me. I knew exactly what the password was. I knew that he wanted me to kiss him.
"I don't really need sugar anymore." I decided to tease him. The smirk fell off his face a little. That little slip made me smile on the inside, on the outside too. I began to stir my tea bag in my mug again and slipped out of Calum's closeness.
I was about to head back upstairs when a pair of arms wrapped around my waist, causing me to almost drop my mug. Tea splashed all over my hands and spilled onto the floor.
"Calum wh-" I was cut off by a pair of lips touching my neck. A jolt of tingles exploded inside me. The mug almost fell out of my grip again but for a completely different reason.
It felt so wrong to be standing here in Calum's arms with his lips on my jaw. If anyone walked in it would seem like we were about to star in a low-grade steamy movie scene. Especially since I turned around and connected our lips. We kissed like each other's lips were the only thing that could keep us alive.
Calum's hand roamed my body. He picked me up and set me on top of the counter. He gently pulled my hair to get my neck exposed again. His lips touched my jaw and those explosions of tingles were set off again. His touch was burning through me. For some unknown reason, I wanted more. Every good nature in my mind was ringing with alarm that this wasn't a good idea.
Calum brought his lips back to mine and I didn't care. All thoughts flew out of my head. It was just us. Calum's hands gripping my hips, my arms wrapped around his neck. My legs wrapped around his waist and his tongue in my mouth.
This wasn't my first make-out session. However this felt completely different than the ones I've had. Calum's whole presence was different. It felt so perfect in a extremely wrong way.
"Let's take this to my room." Calum breathed out. I wasn't protesting and hopped down. Calum's room was thankfully all the way at the end of the hall. Plenty of space between his and everyone else's. My whole body was ringing with excitement.
"Wait. Calum this is my first time." I blurted. Even though I've had my fair share of making-out that's as far as I've gone.
"Oh. Do you want it to be your first time?" He asked in a very sincere way. The desire and hunger still evident but it was clearing. I shared one look, locked eyes and crossed the room. My answer was given by connecting our bodies. He pulled us down on the bed and we resumed our previous engagement.