
It started to anger me a little but when I looked over at Calum chatting with the girls, a small smile came out. Those girls were swooning at the attention they were getting. All they wanted was a picture and they are getting a bonus of speaking with their band member crush. I'm sure that's every fans dream. Not only meeting someone you look up to but also having a conversation with them.
Calum gave each of them another hug before saying goodbye. The girls walked away completely over-filled with joy. You could hear them gushing about how they "just met Calum".
"Before you ask, I should probably apologize and explain." His eyes pulled together when he noticed I was shaking my head while smiling.
"I figured out why you look familiar. When I say this next thing, you'll figure out why I look familiar. You're in that band 5 Seconds of Summer with my..brother. Luke." Just like earlier with me, it was like a dozen lightbulbs went on at the same time. His brown eyes widen at the mention of Luke being my brother. At least it didn't seem like I was the only one kept out of the sibling loop.
"He's going to kill me when he finds out I just went on a date with you." He looked a little scared at first but then a smirk formed, making me blush after he winked at me.
"Don't let Luke run your life. Besides, it's my opinion about this date that truly matters." I shot back. Calum laughed, that warm feeling returning in my stomach at the sound. The sight in front of me was beautiful. Little crinkles formed by his eyes, dimples came out in the corners of his smile, his perfect teeth showing.
I got up to pay for my food as Calum's phone started to ring. I walked slow, paid and walked back slow so I wouldn't interrupt his phone call. Or make him feel like he has to rush through it. From the look on his face it seemed pretty important. Nothing he was saying was making any sense to me, it just left me confused so I zoned out fast. Didn't want to seem like the nosey type on a first date.
Two seconds later it smacked me like a bug on a windshield. I just went on a date with a stranger who ended up not really being a stranger. Yeah we just met, but he was in the same band as Luke. Something about that made me feel like Calum was alright. If anything, I hoped that Calum would stay honest with me. He's bound to have secrets like everyone, but I hope he doesn't have any life twisting news about my life that I have yet to figure out. That just makes me seem like I'm over-analyzing this whole situation.
