
I woke up screaming. My chest felt like it was caving in, my lungs were gasping for air, sweat ran down my back. I hunched over after bolting up. My heart was beating really fast but I couldn't feel much of anything but fear.
"Katie!" The voice registered as someone I knew but until I glanced up I couldn't tell that it was Calum.
"I-I'm sorry. I didn't mean to wake you up." My breathing was already slowing down at the realization that my dream was in fact only a dream. More like a nightmare to be honest.
"Don't be sorry. You want me to get anything?" A gentle smile appeared on my lips at his soft words. There was a few things I could ask for but my body was already calming down.
"I'm fine..thank you though." He nodded. We remained silent for a short time. I tried to think of something, anything, to say. Calum patted the bed once before standing up. My arm shot out to grab his arm before he could move anywhere. He swiveled around and gave me a questioning look.
"You can..um do you want to..maybe if you don't care.." I tried to ask him to stay but I was failing horribly. Calum thankfully got the idea and walked over to the other side of the bed. He kicked off his slipped before sliding onto the bed.
We settled together like that. Me nestled under the warm covers, Calum softly dozing off onto of the comforter. I looked over at him before turning my head to check the time. It was only four in the morning. I sighed softly as I tried closing my eyes again. Calum shifted a bit next to me, still keeping a reasonable distance between us. My cheeks warmed up at the thought of having Calum sleeping in the same bed as me. I just had a nightmare why am I thinking these kinds of things right now..
"Do you want to talk about it?" Calum asked after a few minutes of me tossing and turning went by. I flopped on my back and let out a deep sigh.
"It..was weird. One minute Jordan and I were at a party, the next someone was pointing a gun at me. Someone else was shouting at me to choose a number, I answered wrong I guess because..they..the other guy..pointed it at..her and fired it.." I started to choke up remembering the last part. Calum didn't press for more details or ask for a deeper explanation. He didn't ask me how it made me feel because he knew how it affected me. All he did was whisper that it was okay to cry and moved closer to me. I felt his hand brush hair out of my face before pulling me into him. Tear quietly dripped onto his shirt as he hummed softly into my ear.
Then I felt ridiculous. I was letting a dream get to me too much. Forcing myself to stop crying, I pulled away from Calum's grip. (Which wasn't tight.) Calum gave me a curios look. I threw him a simple smile before yawning and letting my eyes close.
When I woke up hours later, I half expected Calum to be on the floor or not even in the room. Calum laying right next to me was a sight I didn't predict. My heart strings tugged at the thought that he stayed with me all night. A knock on my door made a mixture of feelings rush through me. I rushed over to the door to crack it open.
"Breakfast is in a few minutes. We need to give our reports about what we collected yesterday." Luke said the moment the door opened. He tried to peer into my room, I prayed that the door was open just enough to block the sleeping boy from his view. We didn't do anything, but I was hesitant about seeing Luke's reaction to seeing his bandmate/best friend in my bed.
"Okay. I'll be down in a few." I replied in my best still-half-asleep voice. Luke nodded then disappeared down the hall. I sigh as the closed behind me. He didn't seem to suspect anything so he must not have seen anything. Calum was still fast asleep so I quickly got dressed before I headed down to the kitchen. He'll wake up eventually.
No one else was in the kitchen when I entered. Luke was sitting at the table eating a bowl of cereal. I gave him a lazy smile when he looked up at me. We exchanged 'good mornings' as I got out the box of cereal.