
The second we landed this huge thing I threw up. Whoever owns this is lucky my body waited until I was outside the helicopter before getting sick. I didn't have anytime to look around to see where we were, Luke grabbed my arm and pulled us into a car that was apparently waiting for us. A few minutes later Luke relaxed next to me, rubbed his face with his hands.
"That was sweet!" An unfamiliar voice shouted in the seat in front of me making me nearly pee my pants. My hand flew up to my chest to try. "Sorry. Guess Luke didn't mention me. I'm Michael."
He turned around to let me shake his hand. A few pieces of his black fringe fell into his face right as the though 'wow he's cute' registered in my brain. Luke cleared his throat when a few awkward silencing seconds passed. Michael gave Luke an eye roll.
"I can't believe you two are related." He laughed out. The way Michael said wasn't meant to be an insult towards me but towards Luke. Michael looked back to me and winked, urging a smile to come out.
"You way more prettier in person though. The way Luke talked about you made us think you were some loser." Ashton piped out from the drivers side. Luke was turning red when I shifted in my seat to look at him. Hurt and anger mixed within me for multiple reasons.
"You told them about me? When?" It was a safe question under normal circumstances. However, I think we've established my life isn't normal anymore. Luke looked uncomfortable but then his face softened and his eyes hardened when he looked at me.
"Don't flatter yourself. Of course they knew about you. They're part of G.H.O.S.T Katie." Luke made it seem like it was completely obvious information. Can somebody inform him that I've been excluded from this very information for more than a decade of my life.
"I can't believe this. So how does the band play into this?" I raised a brow. Michael swiveled around in his seat to look at me. "Yeah that's right. I know about your band."
"It's kind of like a cover you could say." Michael spoke almost emotionless.
"Famous rock-stars by day, gang members by night. Catchy." Sarcasm was evident in my tone.
"It's-" Luke froze in the beginning of whatever lame excuse was about to come out of his mouth when we pulled into the driveway of the house.
I turned to look out the window and immediately chills ran down my spine. Laurence and mom were standing outside the front door, looking totally pissed. Mom had her hands at her hips and Laurence was crossing his arms but you could see the balled up fists. Luke got out first, slowly made his way over. Within the first step he took towards them words were flying out of mom's mouth. I jumped out of the car and raced over.
"-are so irresponsible. Katie! You're alright!" Mom engulfed me into a hug. I guessing they found out about the whole 'nearly falling out of a helicopter' incident.
"I'm fine mom. Now I have something to brag about when I go to college. Not many students can say they almost flew out of a flying machine going over two hundred miles per hour. That's gotta get me into the popular crowd." I figured I would make a joke about to lighten the mood. And to help with Luke's guilt/punishment. However that backfired.
"Katie you will never speak of anything that you just witnessed. You will write it down in a report but you never tell anyone. Understand?" Mom placed her hands firmly on her hips again. Her blue eyes turning cold with warning.
"Okay yeah. I was only making a joke." I scoffed and walked around her. I expected everyone to come inside the house too but Calum walked outside and it turned out to be just mom and I. My stomach dropped with the familiar sense that mom was about to give me a lecture. The way her face hardened and the blue in her eyes darkened. Her lips were drawn into a line. Some would classify her expression as 'knowing you did something extremely bad, illegal, and your mom finding out. ' except I classified this expression as the 'Katie is a delinquent who never knows when to be mature or responsible' look. Both seem to make my stomach uneasy.