
When I woke up this morning, oddly, I didn't feel mad. Just really disappointed. And hurt. And cold.
I could hear the shower turning on which made me frown, Luke's up. Why did he have to be up the same time I woke up? I was hoping to leave the house without having to see the two of them.
Groggily, I swung my legs over the edge of my bed, rubbing my eyes as a yawn left my mouth. My bare feet sounded like bombs as they hit the floor. Seems like the noise level shoots up when you try desperately to be extra quiet.
I scurry down the hallway incase Luke finishes his morning routine early. The kitchen is empty so I let out a sigh and walk in to get a bowl of cereal made. I take the cereal back to my room and text Jordan if she's free today.
Unfortunately, she has work until 3. A pout forms when the information clicks that I have to go into work at 3:30. There's no way to hangout with her, tell her everything and get to work on time. Unless she meets me at the mall. I text her to meet me before I work. She agrees then has to get back to work before her boss catches her on her phone.
Jordan works down at her uncle's diner. So yes, her uncle is her boss. Major pros but also major cons. He's not afraid to chew her out, even for small things like forgetting to clear out the dishwasher. (He's got slight anger issues.) Aside from his anger issues, he's a pretty sweet person. Normally has a big smile on his face-before Jordan acts against his set-in-stone laws. I always get discounts on my meals so that's pretty great.
I change out of my pajamas after finishing my cereal. Luke's door slammed shut and I heard him padding around the house, mumbling when he stepped by my room. It took every muscle in my body to keep me from leaving my room, I was too curious at times.
The uniform didn't feel as comfortable today as it usually does. My hair didn't cooperate with any of the styles I tired. My makeup seemed to intensify the fact I'd been crying all night. A few splashes of cold water didn't do anything to tone down my blood-shot eyes. No number of mascara coats brought my eyes to life. My fingers ran down my hair as I leaned against the counter, letting my face fall into my hands.
Every other classmate of mine was on some fantastic summer vacation, tanning at a beach or pool-side, having midnight adventures, going to sport tournaments and doing what every other person does on summer break. Have fun. While I'm stuck in this horrified time-warp, so it seems, where every day just brings another terrible twist to my summer.
Luke has only been here a couple weeks and I'm actually wishing tomorrow was a school day. To bad I already graduated. That was the only reason I liked school. It was away from home. Away from my mom's nagging, aways from the lonesome feeling and isolation. Never had I wanted to apply to college more than I did this morning.
Before this summer started, I decided to take a break from school. Have some time to work, save up, travel. Despite my pre-tensed decision, it all felt wrong now. Maybe it was because before now, mom was just quick-tempered and strict. She is still those things, but now she's also a big fat liar.
Ask me this; would I still choose to take a year off of school to work and save up if that meant being around a deceitful, manipulative mother? The answer? No way. No sane person would choose to stay. Especially when said person doesn't show signs of changing any time soon.
- "Wait a minute, did I hear you correctly? Luke is in band?" Jordan nearly spit out her smoothie when I started telling her the new information I've obtained.
We've been sitting here at a table close to the main mall entrance-so I can get to work easily without too much human contact. Also it's quieter right here.