
"Think about how much power you have though. You know Luke Hemmings. He's your brother!" Jordan was star struck when she walked into my house.
Luke and her exchanged a quick hello, before I pulled her to my room, and she was practically swooning over him.
"And why would I need such power?" I heard her snort out a laugh. I crossed my arms against my chest, turning around to give her a look.
"Really Katie? You have a major eye candy sleeping in the room next to you. He's wanted and idolized by thousands of girls. And he's living under your roof." Jordan said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world. I'm sure Luke is favored by lots of girls. He isn't ugly. But I'm not going to shove that in their faces.
"Well it seems like he doesn't want to be referred to Luke from the sauce band. Just as Luke. I have to respect that." I paused and looked down at my chipped nail polished fingers. "Or to his fans. That would just make me look like a monster and attention whore."
"You have a point there." I mentally thanked her for agreeing with me. Maybe we could finally move past this subject.
"You're sleeping over right?" She nodded a yes.
"Okay, I have to start dinner so come help me. You can't eat unless you help." Jordan began to complain so I had to threaten her. She grumbled a fine and followed me out to the kitchen.
While I got the cook book out, Jordan filled he room with background music. Current summer songs transformed the kitchen into a dance floor.
Jordan mixed a bowl of ingredients while she moved her hips in various directions. I was cutting up the meat, my blade hitting the cutting board in sync with the drum beat.
"Katie-" Luke's sudden close voice made me jump out of my skin.
"Ow, fu*k!"
A sharp pain sprung up my finger. I ran to the sink, washing the blood away. Jordan turned down the music and a chorus of sorry's flooded my ears.
"Where's the bandaids?" Jordan asked. I nodded to the cabinet beneath me.
"Luke shut up! It's not the first time I've cut myself!" I yelled to stop the string of sorry's. Jordan grabbed a bandaid from the bucket of random injury products.
"I just..wanted to talk to you about..something." He dropped his voice low, hesitantly, carefully choosing the right words. Probably about yesterday's event, too bad I already shared that on to Jordan.
"Later. I have to finish this up. Go tell mom that dinner will be ready in half an hour." I dropped my gaze and moved back towards the cutting board.
"Mom isn't home." Of course she isn't. Why would she be, why would she be here to see that I am responsible and do take care of us.
"Okay. Then..dinner will be ready in half an hour." I mumbled and got back to cutting the chicken. Out of the corner of my eye, I could tell Jordan was watching me.
Luke didn't leave though which made me tense up when I realized he was still here. Jordan finished mixing the stuff and excused herself to use the bathroom.
It was weird being in the same room as Luke after the semi-huge fight we had. It wasn't really a fight..but the room still held so much tension. I poured the chicken into the bowl and mixed it all together a couple times before pouring it out onto a large pan.
Luke kept asking to help with anything, but I shoed him away each time. He was just being nice but it was annoying. Plus, I wasn't in the mood to be around him. Jordan came back after I placed the food in the oven. She set the timer for me as I got the dishes out to set the table.