
For two seconds I was thoroughly embarrassed to have made such a comment in front of a complete stranger. Two seconds. That's how long it took for me to remember that Laurence was apparently my mom's boss. Then anger shot up my body again.
"I would say the same but then I'd be lying." I spat out. Completely ignoring his out stretched arm. Making that notion obvious.
"Katie." I heard mom sigh out. My head snapped over in her direction.
"No. I've sat on my a*s long enough. It's time I get answers. Real answers too not 'you can't know yet'. My home just got destroyed I demand to know what the h*ll is going on." I yell coldly, starring directly at mom. Her eyes soften for a second but then hardened as she cleared her throat.
"That's what I was called here for. Katie, it's time to properly register you into GHOST."
"Come again." I say out of shock and confusion. Seems to be the only two emotions I know at this point of my life. Laurence holds up his ring finger and pinky, which appears to be some kind of signal to clear the room. I noticed a tattoo of a bear claw on his wrist; the claws wrapping around.
He motioned for me to sit across from him at the kitchen table. Reluctantly, I sit down. Keeping up my guard in case he tries anything. I keep my face straight-narrowing my eyes a touch to give off a clear 'don't fu*k with me' vibe. He seems to get that because he smirks at me. Then out of nowhere pulls out a black case. Ones you see in every action movie; carrying stacks of money. However, in the place of what would be stacks of hundred dollar bills, was stacks of manila envelopes. (It would have been a lot more cool if there was money instead. Just saying.) Slowly, an envelope was pushed my way.
I didn't pick it up right away like I'm assuming he thought I would. My brow raised up as I crossed my arms against my chest. Laurence cracked a smirk at this.
"You have attitude, a good quality for this. Let me elaborate, shall I?" Something was rubbing me the wrong way about this. I wasn't so sure I liked having my attitude being a good thing. Still, I was eager to hear what exactly he was going to elaborate on. So, I lean forward and nod for him to go on.
"GHOST is a secret organization. It actually stands for Geminate Hosts Outside Society's Theme. Long name so we use GHOST for short, plus it fits perfectly with our identities being secret. It was started by my father's father. Only immediate family get a definite in, unless you happen to marry someone who is the business. Then it's a choice if you want in or not." He paused to inch the envelope closer to me. I glared at him before finally picking it up. We continued the starring contest as the envelope slowly revealed a packet of paper.
"What is this?" The cover paper is blank with the words GHOST written in huge bold font. Laurence gives me a mischievous smile before he spoke.
"You will read that after we discuss everything I have to discuss with you. So please hold all reactions and questions until the end." He holds up his hand and emphasizes the word end as I open my mouth to counter his response. My glare resets on my face.
This is important though. I'm about to actually learn what is truly going on. Laurence closes the case but doesn't lock it. He leans back in his chair, scratches his chin before leaning forward again. His cold gray eyes look at mine with a new expression. It wasn't serious, wasn't dangerous, wasn't cautiousness. It was a look that told me that what he was about to say was extremely essential and influential.
"Katie, I'm sure you are well aware that your mom and brother are in something much bigger than you first realized. I also know you have just recently found out about Luke. There's a reason for that. Simple reason. It's that they had the clearance to know about everything, you didn't. You will gain that clearance soon, but for now you will have to be content with the already detailed explanation I'm about to give you. Do you hear me?" That last part sounded like something a dad would say when they are about to tell you your punishment. Although I wasn't sure if Laurence's words would be punishment or not. Either way, I sat up straighter.