
I wondered what Australia was like for Luke as I looked out my window. How many friends he left, what kind of friends he had, if he had a girlfriend, dad. So many times I've wanted to ask Luke about dad but I've been so hesitant.
We made a few more turns before stopping at a music shop. My lips curled into a small smile as we both got out of the car. The rain had let up some but it was still raining buckets. Luke and I raced through the parking lot and shook our arms when we stepped inside.
This music shop was way better then the one I worked at in the mall. It was bigger, cleaner, had a better selection of music. They also have a nice collection of instruments. Too bad they're never hiring. Luke started walking over to the guitars.
"You play any instruments?" He semi whispered as he picked up one of the guitars.
"Piano and violin." My cheeks warmed up at the mention of violin. It felt so dorky saying it to Luke.
"Dude that's awesome. My mom plays the violin." We both caught on to what he said.
My mouth opened at those unexpected words. Dad got remarried. That's one new thing I now know about him. Oddly enough, I didn't feel sad about that. Everything was still a jumbled mess so I really didn't know how to feel about anything.
"You want to learn?" Luke asked, changing the subject.
"I never thought about it." I decided to let it go for now. He placed the guitar in my arms and placed my fingers in some kind of form.
"That's an E minor chord." He bit his lip to keep from laughing as I strummed the strings. It sounded awful but at least I can say I tried.
"Let me see you play." I handed him back the instrument. He looked at me for a second before looking around the shop. Probably to make sure no employe was present to yell at us. Even though there was no sign saying we could touch the guitars.
Luke placed his fingers in the form he showed me then started strumming. He was so much better than I imagined. Sweet, soft music filled the store. A simple melody that made my skin tingle with delight. Luke looked as if he was in another world as his fingers changed places on the strings.
Seeing him play this way made a smile cross my lips. When he finished, he looked at me shyly.
"I was way better." I stated as I dramatically flipped my ponytail off my shoulder. We both laughed at my obvious lie.
"Seriously Luke, that was amazing. Where'd you learn to play like that?" Luke bit his lip as he placed the guitar back.
"Dad said I was a natural born guitar player. He had one and I would always get my hands on it when I was little."
Hearing him mention dad did sting, but I still smiled at Luke's sweet memory. Must've been pretty great living in that home.
"I know you have good music taste. The poster on your door confirms it. What other bands do you listen to?" This question was a grand mistake for him. We'd be here for hours. I pulled him along the rows of CDs and records with a dopey grin on my face.
Music is what's beginning a bond between us. And I was totally fine with that.