
There's something about rain storms that I love. When the thunder growls against the house walls, lightning pierces through my curtains, I can hear the rain splatter against my window it's just so captivating. Most people I meet hate rain. They hate everything I love about it. Saying the rain ruins their plans to go to the beach, ruins their gardening, ruins their days in general. I get that, but it still doesn't make me hate the rain.
We had an old red and black swing set in our backyard when I was six. Against mom's commands for me to stay in, I would race outside and jump on the swing whenever it would rain. I would pump my legs so I'd get as high as I could; feeling like if I stretch my arms out I could almost physically touch the clouds. I would just soar through the rain drops. One would get in my eye but I would just giggle and stick my tongue out to catch the drops.
I pulled my legs to my chest as I sat on one of the kitchen table chairs. Still in my pajamas. The plate in front of me had waffles on it at one point, then I ate them. A flash of lightning cut across the dark gray sky as I spun my glass around in circles.
I could hear someone coming down the hallway and figured it was Luke. Mom was, should be, already at work. Thunder rumbled as I placed my empty dishes in the sink.
"Where are you going?" I asked as I saw him pull out a pair of keys from his pocket as he gulped down milk. Straight from the carton. I scrunched my nose up at this act.
"Going out." He shrugged after placing the defected milk carton back in the fridge.
It's been two weeks since Luke has been with us. You could say he's gotten comfortable around us now. Certainly has made himself at home.
"Where though?" I asked as another growl of thunder came through the house.
"Why do you want to know?" His tone hinted he was testing me.
"Well..it's storming pretty bad out and I just wanted to know. Plus.." I trailed before finishing my sentence. It's be stupid to ask to hangout with him. We really haven't talked much in these two weeks he's been here. Just simple conversation here and there. Jordan's words still made me think about sitting down and actually talking to him though.
"You want to come with me?" He cracked a cocky smile and raised his brow.
"I just-"
"You can come. You might want to change clothes though." He interrupted me. I was struck back. Luke was full of surprises.
For example, two days ago, he randomly brought me home dinner and asked if I wanted to watch a movie with him. A couple days before that he asked if I had a boyfriend, when I told him I didn't he told me that I could always come to him for any advice about boys. Any advice in general.
He said that he'd be waiting in the car while I got dressed. My pajamas were swapped for jeans and a t-shirt. I grabbed my purse and slipped on my black birks. My hair was pulled up in a really crappy ponytail but I didn't really care for putting effort into making it look nice.
Luke had the radio going when I plopped down in the seat next to him. He pulled out of the driveway slowly. Big fat rain drops splashed across the windshield. Lightning would flash every once and awhile as we drove on. We crossed over one of the bridges near our house. One side was a plain view of the massive river. The other side had part of the river then woods. A thick layer of fog laid across the tops of the evergreen trees. Making that area more eerie looking.
I glanced over at Luke when we stopped at a red light after crossing the bridge. His fingers lightly tapped the sides of the steering wheel. The black beanie made some of his hair poke out in front of him. It might be weird to say this about your brother, but he looked really attractive in black. I wondered if he had a special girl back in Australia.