
"Luke, why are these here?" Luke came over and stopped when he saw the drawer full of explosives.
"Oh my god Katie. You..okay..gently push the drawer back into place. Those are pressure censored explosives. One touch and everything within a hundred feet will be torched." Luke talked me slowly as I gently pushed the drawer closed. I managed to click it back into place with out setting off any of them. We had to get out of here. This place is death trap waiting for someone to unknowingly destroy it. My mind kept repeating "this is a set up" but I tried to push it out. On cue, a blaring alarm rang through the building.
We climbed back through the hole, raced down the hallways and out the door we came in. We were back on the roof of the building panting for breath. I could hear faint sirens and my blood turned cold. This was a set up. An alarm went off even after I disabled it, the laser set off a bomb that made a hole in the very wall to the room we were finding, everything went too smoothly. The drawer of bombs made it pretty clear too. I could tell Luke was thinking the same thing.
He dialed a number on his phone. I looked over the edge of the building, no cop cars in sight yet but I could hear the sirens getting louder. My mind began counting the seconds. Luke was talking to someone about what happened and what was going on.
"We have to get out of here Luke!" I yelled when I could see the first pair of flashing blue and red lights. Luke was still talking on the phone when I grabbed his arm. We hid behind an air conditioning unit. The sirens were deafening now that they pulled up to the building. I counted five cars in total when I peeked over the railing again. In the distance more were coming.
I saw the van we arrived in take off seconds later. They were waiting in an ally a few blocks away. I wanted to scream but Luke pulled me back and clasped a hand over my mouth.
"Someone is on their way. Just wait and lay low." Luke whispered removing his hand. Anger was clouding my vision. How could mom and Calum and Laurence just leave us here? With cops surrounding the place.
"Surrender now or we will shoot!" Some male voice shouted through a megaphone. My heart was pounding. I was about to shout at Luke again when a blast of wind whipped my hair out and dirt flew all around. A helicopter came flying towards us out of no where. I couldn't help but think this was it. We're caught and we're dead.
"C'mon! We've got a flight to catch!" Luke shouted before a rain of bullets showered over us. Luke pinned us both down behind the AC unit until the firing stopped. Then we raced towards the helicopter, the wind making it extremely hard to keep my feet on a straight path.
Bullets started flying around again, ricocheting off the huge machine in front of us. One nipped my leg a little sending a jolt of pain through me, making me stumble a little. Luke grabbed me and pushed me up. He climbed on after me.
"Hold on tight!" Someone shouted before I felt us being lifted off the ground. We dipped to the left as more bullets shot our way. Whoever was driving the helicopter pressed on the gas or something because we accelerated forward. Just as I got used to going fast we dipped right. I went sliding into the wall and nearly slipped out of the doorway. I was screaming as I held on to the horizontal poll of the door. My legs were sliding out of the helicopter faster than I could straighten myself out.
"Katie! Straighten this thing Ashton!" Luke yelled before scooting over to help me. Luke grabbed my hand with one arm and held onto the door with the other. I felt us pivoting left this time as Luke pulled me inside. We collapsed on the floor a couple inches away. My hands were shaking and I could tell tear drops were sticking to my cheeks. I heard a clicking sound and saw Luke finally closing the damn door.