
How I wish I could go around the world, see the world. Experiencing the different cultures. Exploring what wonders the earth has. Meeting new people. Eating new foods. I'm tired of waking up in my bed only to do the same routine as I did the previous day. That's why Jordan and I talked about going somewhere this summer. Getting out of our routines.
Honestly, school isn't the only way we learn. We learn by experiencing. You can make me read chapter after chapter in a textbook but that doesn't mean I can apply all that to reality. But, traveling will allow me to see the world. There's hidden stories all throughout life. You can't just stick to one book for the rest of your life.
"C'mon daydreamer. Let's get you home." Jordan kicked my foot. I stuck my tongue out at her.
"You just want to meet my brother." I teased her. Her freckled nose scrunched up as she made a look like she smelled something gross.
"Actually, I think you need to meet him. He might not be such a bad guy." I stopped walking and looked back at her.
"Jordan."
"Katie." She mocked the tone I used.
She pushed me forward and we started walking to her car again. Deep down I knew she could be right. There was a chance Luke could be a good guy. So why was my gut telling me otherwise? There had to be a reason my mom failed to mention him before.
"How about you keep me with you forever and we just drive to Canada?" Jordan snorted out a laugh at my suggestion.
"Yeah. Cause the answer to solving problems is running away from them." Jordan said looping an arm through mine. I sighed out dramatically.
"How come you choose to be responsible now? What happened to the Jordan that wanted to go anywhere." I shot at her. She look at me with a sympathetic smile.
"Listen Katie, I love you and I would love to travel with you. But there's a difference between traveling to see the world and traveling to avoid reality. I'm not sure our desires to travel are the same. I normally would love to drive all night not caring about our destination. However, there's a reason for all this. I can't be a friend that lets you leave this unsolved."
I looked at my best friend. There was a reason I was jealous of her. Not just because she was stunningly beautiful, but because she was ridiculously smart. She always gave me the best advice. Honest advice. Was she right though? Was my desire to travel a cover for the desire to runaway?