
After the correct amount of minutes, the microwave told me that my mac&cheese was done. It wasn't the best tasting stuff but I wasn't about to complain. My stomach could intake seafood and it'd be happy (and I hate seafood).
With my bowl of mac&cheese in my hands, I walked back to my room. While eating on the way to my room I bumped into the wall with my elbow and dropped the fork on the ground. A couple swear words left my mouth as I bent down to pick the utensil up.
I noticed Luke's door was cracked opened. He was pacing around. The nice side of me wanted to go see if he was okay. Somehow I doubted he'd tell me. My fingers were fidgeting with my shirt hem while I had an internal battle-debating if I should talk to Luke. Who knows..I like getting things off my chest by telling Jordan so maybe spilling whatever is going on would be good for him too.
Before going to be a therapist towards Luke, I went to room to put my food down. I also changed out of my tanktop and into a graphic tee. Boys always made me more selfconscious. Luke was fairly attractive boy too which made me feel more venerable. Stepping back into the hallway I could hear him mumbling. Everything was indecipherable but his rapid use of words made me worried.
"Luke? You okay?" I asked as I knocked on his door. The knocking made it swing open a little more.
"Get out!" He yelled as he rushed over to slam the door in my face. My foot was still halfway in the threshold of the door when he used all his boiling angry force to shut it. Jolts of pain shot up my leg as I collapsed to the floor. It was beginning to throb as I rubbed it.
My eyes swelled up with tears. I tried to get up so I could hide my face from Luke, I really didn't want him to see me cry, but my leg gave way. Sh*t! It hurt so bad. I bit down on my lip hard until the tears disappeared. Luke kept apologizing over and over until I finally screamed for him to shut up. His feet, enclosed in black vans, were still glued to the floor.
"Oh no don't strain yourself Luke." I spat out bitterly.
He apologized once again before finally moving his feet. Seconds later he was towering over me and sticking out a hand. My left hand let go of my foot as I let Luke help me up. My weighted was shifted onto the leg that wasn't in pain. Everything went tense as I felt Luke's arm slip under mine, support my weight, leading me towards the room with the blink-182 poster on the door.
"I'll get some ice." He slipped out of my room after setting me down on my bed. I fell onto my back with a strangled sigh. That is one way to bond with your sibling I guess.