
Going into work, I felt like a zombie. I stayed up until 4 in the morning waiting for mom to come home. She never did so I finally gave up and fell asleep. 3 hours later my alarm for work woke me up.
Jordan was still fast asleep as I rushed around getting ready. Not really rushing though so my body felt like a slug. Eventually, I was dressed and my hair was brushed and pulled into a bun. Normally I would have Jordan put some kind of style to my hair but I didn't want to wake her. She's not a morning person.
-
Work makes me feel even more like a zombie. Today is super slow, I almost fall asleep multiple times, no one comes in to pick up their on-hold items.
Lucy finally decides to close up shop once the clock hits 4. Usually she leaves it open until the mall closes, which is around 9:30.
"Katie don't bother showing up tomorrow. I have to visit my parents so I won't be here to open up." Lucy tells me as we slowly lock up. Not sure if I'm relieved to have a day or bummed. I like working here, gives me something to do and somewhere to go.
We part ways but I stay in mall for a bit. It's been a while since I've shopped at some of the stores here. Yes I know I work here but thats they thing. I only ever work here, never go around to shop. Not that I care about fashion a whole lot.
An hour later, I'm still mindlessly walking from store to store. Mainly looking at everything each place offers.
After finding plenty of things I would love to buy (but can't afford) I decide to go home. The ends of the mall are always fairly empty, people trickle in every so often. Most people enter beside the food court.
Before pulling out of the parking lot, I check my phone to see if Luke ever replied to my text. I needed to know if mom was finally home. But when I checked my phone, the screen came up empty.
Even though I made sure to back out slowly, look around for pedestrians and other cars, luck was not on my side. I was rear-ended by an oncoming car. Pissed, I jumped out of the car.
"Excuse me!"I yelled as the car started to back away. A hit and run is not only illegal but extremely rude. But did the person in the black civic care? Apparently not.
It skidded as it sped away. I just stood there, shocked by what shut happened. Mom would make me report this for sure when she finds out. But all I have is a black civic. It didn't have a license plate and the windows were too tinted for me to see who was driving. I'd assume a lady, most women drive those kinds of cars.
I kick a loose rock in frustration before climbing back in the car and driving home.
"Katie-"
"Not now Luke!" I shove passed him as I angrily toss my stuff in my room.
Of course that only makes Luke follow me. When I turn around I nearly bump into him. We both take a step back.
"What's wrong?" He asks as he takes another step back-like he knows I could probably lash out my anger at him.
"I just got fu*king rear-ended when I was leaving work and the douche pants just fu*king drove away!" I was swearing and yelling. Only cause it really ticked me off. People who are like that just really irk me in the wrong way.
"How bad is the car? Are you okay?" Luke questions. I'm fine physically but emotional I'm livid.
"I'm about to frolic in a sunflower patch with my horse. My car on the other hand, looks like it met an elephant." Luke tries to keep himself from laughing. Even glaring at him doesn't work fully. He clears hit throat and begins to walk out of my room.