
Parts of my whole life were being kept from me. Parts that were very important for me to know. Finally I was about to be let in on those parts. It made me a little mad that my family had secrets that I couldn't know about. I won't know everything at once, but at least I won't be walking around like a complete idiot to what's going on.
"GHOST is a organization created to clean up the streets. Not like garbage but of local gangs and not gangs like little druggies. Gangs as in, yes selling drugs, but also weaponry. Selling illegal goods and services to top-dog businesses, completely destroying them, pointing them on an investable trajectory to bankruptcy. We hold vital information, information these big gangs try so hard to dig up..sometimes disintegrate. We aren't government run either. Don't get us mixed up with spies,  CIA's, all that. GHOST is a completely independent group that no one knows about."
"I mentioned the only way in is through who you're related to. Now I'm sure you know that your mom is in this group. Therefore Luke is a shoe-in. Now you are too. Once you turn 18, you are automatically added into the system. The choice to stay in it or get removed is completely up to you. Although, once you've been removed you can't get back in. If you say you are in, the only way out is getting burned. Not literally with fire, but stripped from your title and association with GHOST."
"The first part of GHOST is Geminate. Geminate means to become, or make, doubled or paired. If you decide to join Katie, you will be issued a pair. Your partner that you will always work with until one of you gets burned or dies. Before I give you homework and your pair, I need to know if you are in or out."
In or out. My brain felt like it was a sponge on overload. Information was pouring into it too fast for me hold it all together. I took a deep breathe as I tried to analyze everything that was just poured out to me. Am I in? GHOST seemed a little sketchy. Then again, it would be neat to be a part of something top secret. Then again, it seemed like it was extremely dangerous.
Laurence starred at me with his gray eyes. Now that I looked at them, they seemed to hold so much knowledge and experience. He seemed to speak through his eyes. Like they could radiate thoughts through his retinas. I was about to give my final answer when I sudden thought popped into my head. What if this gives me an answer as to where my dad went. If family was the only way in, could my dad have been part of this at one point? Did he eventually get burned or killed off?
I looked down at my hands, blinking away my thoughts. I slowly picked my head up as my new answer locked in. This was going to be life changing, no matter which answer I gave. My eyes never broke contact as the words dripped so easily off my lips. So easily it was like my gut knew this was the right answer before I did, like it was programed in me to know. Because once I admitted it, not an ounce of me regretted it.
"I'm definitely in." I breathed out as I leaned forward. Giving Laurence my full attention so he could continue bringing me up to speed on everything I needed to know. He seemed to be relieved that was my answer. My summer was finally going to be a lot more interesting. More than it already has been.