
I remained in my room for the rest of the night. Each boy except Luke came by room to invite me down for dinner. Each boy was rejected. I jammed my earphones in my ears as I wrote about today's mission. After that was all typed up and saved I laid in bed.
My mind was craving to talk to Jordan. Chloe is good for going out and clearing my mind of things I don't want to think about. Jordan is more of the friend that I go to for serious advice and issues. Neither of them answered their phones or tried to call back. No texts either.
It was finally midnight by the time I heard several footsteps walk through the halls and doors shut. Everyone slept upstairs except for Laurence. He didn't stay here at all actually. Mom stayed here sometimes but most of the days she stayed somewhere else. As usual, it was top secret to me.
After a good ten minutes went by I cracked my door open. Carefully I stepped out of my room. Making sure every direction was clear, I tiptoed downstairs. No one was up. My body finally relaxed as I prepared a mug for tea. Then I made myself a bowl of cereal to eat. Wasn't a luxury dinner but my stomach wasn't all that hungry.
Today's argument with mom kept replaying in my mind. Her cold expression was a permanent snapshot in my brain. How could she say those thighs to my face? I guess I was glad to hear the truth but let's face it..the truth hurt. At least now I know for a fact that Luke is the favorite.
It just bugs me that I still don't know what happened to him. Dad had to have taken him when they split but why is that such an off-limit subject? I get that it could be hard to talk about but eventually the truth needs to come out.
"I figured you'd come down after we all went to bed." Calum spoke making me fling my spoon full of cereal everywhere.
"Smart guy." I said after my heart rate lowered. Calum chuckled and sat down in the seat next to me.
"If you want to talk about anything I'm all ears." He seemed to be trying to keep his distance but wanted to show he cared. It made a bubble of warmth flow through me.
"There's really nothing to talk about. My mom hates me and loves Luke. I've tried so hard to make her proud but never got a 'good job' from her. Luke shows up and she's all smiles." I can hear the bitter jealously running off my tongue. Calum remains quiet and I begin to regret ever opening my mouth.
"She talks about you a lot though. Katie your mom doesn't hate you. She sees a lot of potential in you. Ask everyone around here. Your mom was the one who suggested to Laurence to hire you." Calum was holding my stare the entire time. His voice was steady all the way through. He was telling the truth. I knew that but still couldn't believe the words that were being spoken.
I cupped my head in my hands. My bowl of cereal growing soggy now that I've ignored it. Calum couldn't have just jumbled up everything I've thought and felt more than he just did.
"Just when you think you've got it figured out.." I muttered through my hands. Calum touched my shoulder in a comforting way.
"That's the thing about life. It's all one crazy puzzle. One that can't be done alone. It takes a bit of trial and error to get some pieces right." I raised my head out of hands and gave Calum a tiny smile.
"I suck at puzzles." We both started laughing. My heart strings tugged at the sound of his laugh, the smile on his face shinning. The crinkles of the corners of his eyes and where he scrunched his nose. I could just kiss him right here, right now.
That thought made me freeze. My laugh came out awkward and a bit forced. We settled into a silence. The tea kettle whistling was perfect timing.
"You want a cup?" I asked holding out the kettle. Calum shook his head and held up his hands.