
*1 year earlier*
The first day of summer break wasn't as peaceful as I thought it would be. I woke up to my mother screaming my name. Even when I tried to burry my head under the pillow, her shouts wouldn't lessen. Finally I gave up.
I threw my door opened and walked down the small hallway towards the kitchen. My mom was fuming when I stepped foot into the room. She was dressed in her work attire but no amount of makeup could cover the pissed off look on her face.
"What is this?" She yelled while thrusting a piece of paper in my face. I snatched it out of her hands. My eyes grew wide as I took in what it was. My report card.
"I can explain.." I started but she snatched the paper out of my hands. She slammed it down on the counter making me jump.
"Katie I warned you about flunking. C I can live with..but D's and F's?" She yelled. I felt tears well up in my eyes. I hated getting yelled at, I also hated disappointing my mom.
"I'm sorry.." I whispered out before the tears slipped out. My mother sighed but she didn't come to comfort me.
"I have to go to a meeting. You are grounded for the day until I come home with your real punishment." I wiped my eyes as she shuffled around me. She walked passed me bumping my shoulder, knocking me into the counter.
I knew she did that on purpose. She always pushed me around. Literally and metaphorically. She didn't ever hit me or go any further than pushing me around. I couldn't help but wonder if that was why my father left.
There was no vivid memory of him in my brain. Just faint memories from a story or two being told. I never met him though. He apparently left my mom and I before I learned how to walk. Mom doesn't talk about him much.
"I'll see you after work. Love you sweet pea." She called out as she walked out the door.
My shift at the music shop was starting in a couple hours. Since I was already up might as well shower. After exiting the bathroom, I got dressed in jeans and a flannel before getting my breakfast. I scrolled through my phone while I ate my cereal.
I ran down the hall so I could dry my hair and apply my makeup. I texted Jordan while I was getting ready. She was most likely still sleeping since it wasn't 2pm yet. She told me she planned on sleeping in till then on the first day of summer. I didn't doubt her.
-
Work was slow. The music shop I worked out was in the mall but it was small. It was also on the other side of the mall where the food court wasn't. Everyone knew that if your store wasn't directly in the radius of the food court you were doomed.
A couple guys from school came in. Then got kicked out for being perverted. Sadly, that was the typical discription of the guys at my school. I was busy organizing some of the cd racks when a fimilar song came on.
Simmer down, simmer down..
I rolled my eyes at the song. It played on every radio station, every teenage girl youtube video, every girl's ipod in school. I'm no musical genius..but I was sure they had other songs that could be played. Im sure there were other songs in general that could be played.
Their band was the talk at my school. I would hear girls getting into arguments over the stupid band's name. I simply ignored any comments about them. I didn't hate them, I just wasn't into their music. They were definitely attractive I couldn't lie about that. But there wasn't much drawing me into them.
"Katie! Your shifts over!" I heard my boss yell from the front counter. I smiled as I stuffed the last cd back into it's place.