
"See ya tomorrow Lucy." I said as I grabbed my stuff from the employe room. Lucy waved me off.
I decided to bring home some food from the mall. It was better than me trying to cook something. Mom tried to teach me but I ended up nearly burning the house down. So she gave up. Plus she got busier as the years went on.
The mix of several different food chains hit my nose as I entered the food court. The place was packed as usual. The screens around the tables were showing some random music video. I gagged when I noticed people in the video were stripping off their clothes.
-
When I got home, I noticed it was quiet. My mom was usually home by the time I got home. She must've gotten stuck with something at work. I placed her meal in the fridge then took mine to my room. I was so glad it was summer. No homework. No studying.
I laid in bed eating my dinner for the night and surfing the internet. I watched a few youtube videos before switching over to Netflix. Halfway through some horror film, I heard the garage door rumble as it opened. I paused the movie and walked out to greet my mom.
I froze right before I stepped into the kitchen when I heard a voice that wasn't mom's. It was a male's voice. Part of me was hoping it meant she went on a date..but the other part was praying she wasn't going on dates.
I ended up taking steps back before turning fully around and going back in my room. My movie was still on pause. There's no way I can resume it knowing there's some man in our house.
"Katie, come out here for a minute please?" My mom's voice called out from the other end of the house. My heart was beating fast for some reason. Was I really scared my mom was possibly getting back into the dating world? That wouldn't be so bad.
I pulled myself together and walked back out to where they were. When I found my mom I stopped dead in my tracks. It wasn't a man who she brought home. It was a boy. My eyes grew wide as I took in the strange boy standing in my living room.
"Katie..meet Luke. Your brother."