
"Luke! Hand me the knife!" I screamed as the clock ticked down to only 30 seconds. Luke slid the knife over and it bounced slight off my shoe. I scooped it up quickly. A bead of sweat slid down my face as I recalled which wire to cut. Yellow.
My hands fumbled against the different wires before finding the correct yellow wire and cutting it in half. The clock froze with only 15 seconds left. A breath released as I stood up.
"Okay. Alarm disabled. We're in." I grinned and Luke gave me a high five. I stuffed the knife into my pouch as I ran over to where Luke was standing. He picked the lock on the outside door so we could get inside. Once we were inside pitch blackness covered everything. The sliver of light given off by the door opening was now gone.
Luke took out a small flashlight and scanned it over every inch around us. I kept a hand close to my pouch so I could easily flip out my knife if I needed to use it. Together we took easy steps straight ahead. A few feet ahead the room broke into two different hallways. One pointing left and the other pointing right. I noticed a small laser scanning the hallways.
"Luke." I whispered then pointed over towards the first laser. He couldn't see my finger but some how he knew which way I was pointing. My eyes were already getting used to the darkness and I could make out outlines of the walls meeting the floor and ceiling. If only we packed night-vision glasses or something.
"Okay, follow me." I said before stepping out into the middle of the crossing. I looked behind me towards the right hallway before fixing my gaze down the left. I took out my knife, slowly bent down to the floor, slid my knife far down the hallway. I couldn't see how far it went until the laser shown over it.
My arm was still pretty good at throwing objects far distances. A moment of pride flooded in but I shook it way knowing we were still on a mission. Nothing happened for a couple minutes. I counted four minutes off in my head before standing up slowly.
"We-" I didn't even finish my first word before a loud click echoed through and the an explosion. My body was thrown backwards and I hit the wall. Smoke clogged the room but tiny yellow lights flickered on. At least it was enough to see what happened.
Luke raced over to help me up. I dusted my pants off as the smoke cleared. A hole in the wall were the knife landed was caved out. We walked over to it slowly. Luke inspected the hole while I tried finding the source of the laser. Just above me was a small pen sized camera. A period sized red light was glowing from the top. I grabbed the knife of the floor and Luke so he could hold me up to cut off the camera.
"You look lighter than you actually are." Luke gritted out. I pulled his hair a little at that comment.
"Don't be a dick. I don't weigh that much and focus Hemmings." He scoffed out but held me up for the few seconds it took to cut off the camera. I smashed it on the floor before we ducked through the hole. We found ourselves in a room with stainless steel cabinets and metal floors.
"Where are we?" I asked a bit shocked.
"Center of Hail Berry Bank. This is where they keep all the files of their employees and other important documents." Luke said as he walked over to flip on the light. Soft yellow lights hung from the ceiling. This place hasn't been used in a while I could tell, the was dust covering everything.
We dug around for a while before finding the papers Luke was looking for. The list of the clients who made account within the last several months. Each client completed several tests before being granted a savings account here. These files hold their tests and information regarding their statuses. We packed the stacks of folders in the backpack Luke was carrying.
We were just about to leave when one drawer caught my eye. Unlike the other cabinet drawers that were the standard steel color, this drawer was black. I hadn't noticed it before now. At first it wouldn't budge, but then it opened and a cloud of dust fanned the room. I waved my hand to clear the dust and saw objects that I don't think were meant to be seen.