
"Where have you been young lady? I've been worried sick!" Not even two seconds after walking in the door mom came storming through, yelling at the top of her lungs.
"I could ask the same question to you." Her jaw went tense as she realized that I was right. She is the one who's been away from the house for a couple days without so much as a note.
"That's different. You know I go away for work sometimes. I don't need to explain myself, but you do. Now talk." It would be like her to wreck a completely awesome evening. I had a blast with Calum, the smile on my face walking up to the house was evidence. That all faded with the saddening mistrust mom had for me. Did she really think I was out causing havoc in the town?
"I was out with a friend. It's not my fault you didn't know, how could you when you aren't here." Bitterness laced with my words as I spit them out at her. The hurt crossed her eyes but then that familiar stubbornness came back instantly.
"Someone has to go out and work crazy hours I order to keep this roof over our heads, food on the table, gas in our cars, clothes on our bodies. What has gotten into you lately? Katie, I understand some unexpected turn of events have come into your life but this is no way to respond." She started half of that lecture yelling but the rest of it came out as a calm mom tone. Almost like she was really concerned for my wellbeing. Funny.
"How am supposed to respond then? Huh? When everything everyone says is lies?" I had to really focus on not crying I order to keep the tears in. "Katie.." Here comes the sympathy. Te fake concern, the fake I'm sorry. Heard it before and it felt like another hammer to my walls. Not totally cracking it but hitting it hard enough to feel the hit.
"I'll be in my room." Halfway down to my room I heard the refrigerator door slam. Was that Luke? No Katie. Stop assuming everything that happens in life is because of Luke. The safety of my room felt like instant closer when I locked myself in it. Kicking my shoes off, I put on my calming playlist to try to relax. Tomorrow would be a better day..hopefully. I didn't have to work so I could sleep in.
Calum came floating back to the forefront of my mind. Laying down on my bed, starring up at the ceiling, I thought about the evening I had with him. My fingers twitched at the thought of our hands brushing when I gave him my number. Really hoping he rings me up soon.
Normally I wouldn't be one to believe in the whole love at first sight concept. But thinking about Calum and the connection we had, it was almost hard not to believe it. Maybe it was just simply a connection. Already I was hoping I'd see him again soon. My heart was half ready to move on to a new romance. Then again, it's way too early to tell if things will even get romantic between us.
With Luke being in the same band as Calum and him being my brother that might but a damper on things. Of course I really hope that Calum would step up if he things got more serious between us.
"Ugh!" What was wrong with me? I was only around Calum for a couple hours and I'm already planning our future. I flipped around on my bed, jamming my face into my pillow.I pulled my phone out to text Chloe. Doubt she would get back to me fast though. She is awful at texting back and her family is on vacation at the moment. I feel bad for not sharing what's happened with her but I mean, she's in another state right now. Makes it a little hard to confess your guts to a friend who is four hours behind you. I knew that I would no doubt get a response if I mentioned Calum, so I texted Chloe that I met a boy. She'd have to do the work of getting the rest of the details later.
I flopped back onto my bed, a deep sigh escaping me. A huge boulder of weight felt like it was crushing me all of a sudden. Things were still so jumbled, I was still beyond confused. Probably will be forever.