
"Laurence? Your mom and Luke's boss?" Calum said slowly as if I was a four year old trying to understand big-kid language.
"What are you talking about Calum? Mom has never mentioned a Laurence to me." I was beginning to feel a little offended at this fact. The fact that Calum knew something about my family that I didn't.
"Katie do you know why you're here?" I scoffed at his question.
"Of course. Our house just randomly exploded." Calum took a small step forward and placed his hands on my shoulder. Something in his eyes told me there was much more to it.
I thought back to the flash of light I saw, then back to being rear-ended, back to when Luke said there's much deeper things going on, back to when mom said there's things I can't know yet. Just as if Calum was reading my mind, he spoke the words my brain already figured out.
"Katie, nothing that has happened to you was by chance. It wasn't random. Luke and your mom are in something much deeper than anyone realizes." At that, I shrugged Calum's hands off as I stepped back.
"How do you know?" It was a light question that also held so much depth. Calum gave me a sad smile before looking down at his feet for a second. When he looked back to me, his eyes bore into me like he was scared his words would make me run away.
"Cause I'm in this with them." Calum took another step toward me but I shook my head no and held my hands up in defense.
Another headache was forming. Everything was too much for me to wrap my brain around. Calum was in this too? What was 'this' anyway?
I hated this. I was starting to feel so small and helpless. Everyone was keeping something from me, something that was obviously the threatening my life. My hands curled up into tight fists. I could feel my whole body become cold and stiff with anger.
I stormed away from Calum so I could find the other two. We were finally going to sit down and I was going to pull every piece of information out of all of them. No more playing around. No more of me walking around without a clue of what was going on. No more of me playing a weak child.
"I'm f*cking over it!" I screamed as I rounded the corner of the kitchen. Luke and mom both snapped their attention to me, mom going a little pale when she looked at me.
"Katie. Nice to meet you. I'm Laurence." A man in a black slacks, a green dress shirt and a black tie stepped out from behind the fridge when I came bursting into the kitchen.