
Mom was sitting on the couch with a cup of coffee in her hands when I entered the house. The door groaned as I shut it. It was like the door knew what I was feeling on the inside and portrayed them outwards.
"Take a seat." Mom said not looking at me directly. I slowly made my way over to the couch opposite of her.
Neither of us said a word for a few minutes. Not that I knew what to say. I mean there was plenty I could say but she needed to go first. She placed her mug down on a coaster on the table before her blue eyes finally looked at me.
"Katie, sweetheart. I know this came as I big shock to you. I'm sorry to have just sprung this on you. However, that doesn't give you the right to act like a temperamental kid." I let her words hit me.
"You could have mentioned this. I mean how many times have I asked about dad? Why are you keeping them from me?" I bit my lip. Mom didn't say anything until I looked back up at her.
"There's a reason. I can't tell you right now. I just need you to understand this is all for a good reason. And I need you to trust me. I'm keeping you safe." Her voice almost sounded like it was close to breaking. She frowned but wiped it away and replaced it with an emotionless expression.
"Keep me safe? From what?" My gut wasn't too far off. There definitely wasn't something right here. What could be keeping mom from telling me about dad. Was he some kind of criminal? If that was true, how does Luke come into this? Was he dad's sidekick in diapers or something?
"From the ugly truth. It's too dangerous for you to know right now." She got up to come sit by me but I refused to let her do that. I pushed myself off the couch just as she sat down.
"That's bullsh*t." I scoffed out.
"Katie you do not use that kind of language." She scolded.
A flash of anger crossed her eyes. She stood up fast and I feared for a second of what she would do. Something in the corner of my eye distracted me. Luke came in from across the house-sandwich in hand.
That seemed to disperse of the anger in mom's eyes. Her features softened. My jaw dropped a little. Luke hasn't been here for a full day and he's already mom's favorite. Figures. Mom has dealt with me on her own for years, she's tired of me.
"I'll be in my room." I said when I felt tears form in my eyes. None of them needed to see me cry. I shouldn't be crying in the first place.
To distract myself from crying, the cd player was turned on. I placed my All American Rejects cd in. Their music filled my ears, the lyrics replacing the conversation that just went down, the songs projecting a picture in my head that replaced what I saw when Luke came into the room. With the music taking me to another place, a much better place, I could feel myself calm down.
-
A few hours of being cooped up in my room I decided to leave because of two reasons. And two reason only. I had to pee and I was hungry. Making sure the coast was clear, I crept toward the bathroom. After relieving myself it was time to make myself something to eat.
Mom left a note on the counter saying that she went to work. The note was crumpled and thrown into the garbage after it was read. My insides groaned knowing Luke was still in this house with me. Just us here. Great.
Jordan's words echoed in my head. Maybe I should give Luke a chance. It can't be his fault he is just showing up in my life now. It's mom and dad's fault. Still, I couldn't bring myself to walk up to Luke. He was different. Something about him was off setting.
The phone rang but I ignored it. Always some stupid sales person or grandma. She always talked about her cats or asking me a million times if I had a boyfriend yet.