
In all honestly I had no clue what I was getting myself into agreeing to grab lunch with a total stranger. I mean no boy my age has ever been interested in me in a dating type of way. I don't exactly get hit-on a whole bunch. I give you full permission to call me insane. I'm calling myself insane. Maybe it's the fact that my summer has been pretty terrible so far so it's just my gut telling me to have a bit of fun. A bit of adventure. Plus this guys Calum is my age and seems to be nice.
If I end up getting killed then I will at least get a meal before.
The whole ride over I was having a war in my head. Part of me was telling myself how stupid and careless I was being while the other part was cheering me on, telling me not to turn the car around. Sitting across from Calum in one of my favorite food places made me really happy I didn't say no. Calum and I have been really hitting it off. He's definitely not going to kill me. I asked and he promised he wasn't a crazy serial killer. We talked all through eating, he cracked a joke that almost made me choke on my chips. A bond formed between us pretty quickly.
For once I wasn't so awkward around a boy. Go figure. Definitely helped that Calum had this genuineness about him that made it easy to feel comfortable. First impression was almost correct, he did have this edge to him. It was the perfect balance of bad-boy meets boy-next-door. He had that intimidating factor about him, but he was one of the funniest, kindest bad-boy-rocker guy I ever met. How was that even possible?
"You're so great to be around." I blurted after we stopped laughing for the umpteenth time. Calum grinned while my cheeks flamed.
"Does that mean I might get lucky and get this opportunity again?" He questioned with a dorky smile. A similar smile found it's way on my mouth.
"It's a high possibility." I replied while scribbling my number down on a napkin, slowly pushing it over to him. He waited until I started to pull my hand away before grabbing the napkin, letting our hands brush. A weird but happy feeling floated up in my stomach at this mere touch.
"I don't want to be weird, especially after you just gave me your number, but I can't help but think you look so familiar." He got that puzzled look on his face again, which was actually pretty adorable if I'm being honest. If I'm also being honest, he looks kind of familiar too.
Maybe we did bump into each other one day. Maybe he came into the music store I work at, maybe I helped him. I couldn't pin in but something about the music shop rang a bell with Calum.
"You look familiar too. Have you been to the music shop in the local mall recently?" It was worth a shot to ask. Part of me hopes he says yes so my mind can be put at ease. The other part, by the look on his face, is leaning towards he hasn't. His answer confirmed that.
"No, I just got into town actually. Two days ago." Too bad. He looks like someone who knows a lot about music. He just looks like someone who enjoys music a lot. His outfit kinda gives off a rocker-type of vibe.
A silence filled the booth we were sitting in. Just as Calum was about to say something, that's what it looked like by the way he started to lean forward, a couple girls came up to the table. They looked about 15-16. I gave Calum a weird look when the four girls surrounded the table. He gave me a slight shrug but fixed his attention on the girls.
"Calum, we love you so much. Can we get a picture? Sorry to interrupt but we really wanted to meet you." The shorter girl nearest Calum spoke up as soon as he looked at them. She looked like she was trying very hard not to scream. The other three were grinning so hard and giggling to each other.
As confusing as that was, the confusion deepened when Calum agree, stood up and took turns getting a picture with each girl. How'd they know his name? That was the strangest part of this. I can see they giggling about how cute he was and asking a picture to share with their friends to say 'I got a picture with a cute boy!' but they were like..fangirling. Fangirling. It was like a chorus of church bells going off in my head. I wasn't so confused anymore.