
"Actually how about instead of owing me a bucket and bait, we go get a bite to eat?" He asked as a smirk formed in his lips. I felt a odd feeling form in my gut. I wasn't used to guys hitting on me and asking me out, but I didn't feel the nerves anymore. He did have an intense look about him-more like tough guy player type-but I also had a weird urge to say yes.
"Well I am hungry." I answered kind of quietly. Guess my voice wasn't as sure about this as my gut. But the guy smiled a typical cute boy smile.
"Sweet, let me put this stuff back in my car." When he said that I felt the embarrassment fall on me all over again. I just killed his fishing time.
He bent down to pick up the rope, the cage dangling off the dock, then grabbed his fishing rod before we started walking towards our cars.
"I'm sorry I ruined your fishing trip." He laughed at my apology. He has a really cute laugh, the sound made my heart do a funny skip.
"Don't worry about it. There's plenty of days left to fish." He winked at me which made a smile tug at my mouth. Maybe my first impression of him being a player was wrong. He still looks intimidating but he doesn't seem like a jerk. At least right now he is acting friendly.
We got to his car first, he threw his stuff in the bed of the truck. Then leaned against it and looked at me. His stare was making me a bit self-conscious, awkwardly I brushed back some hair and tucked it behind my ear.
"I'm Katie by the way." I blurted. Then I Internet cringed for being so awkward in front of this pretty cute guy.
"Where do you want to eat, Katie?" He asked sending me a smile. The way he said my name made me blush for some reason.
"How about Tropical Subs?" I suggested it because it had a little bit of everything. It's also decorated like the tropics so it's always so much fun to eat there.
"Sounds good, I'll follow you there." He gave me a smile before we started to split up. That's when it clicked that I didn't even know the name of the person I was going to eat with.
"Wait! What's your name?" I called out as he got in truck. He rolled the window down and yelled out his response.
"Name's Calum!"
---Sorry if this chapter sucks! But I needed a way to introduce Calum and I'm sure there could have been a better way but this is what I came up with. Sorry if it's lame.
Also sorry for any mistakes! I'll go back and fix those later :) Thanks for reading!!