
Luke made it impossible to concentrate on the movie now. I was freaking out about what he wanted to talk to me about. Was it going to be a real explanation? Or some lousy excuse? Some cheap lie?
When the movie was over, I practically jumped up and shut off the tv. Both of them were looking at me funny but I didn't care. I was too worried about when Jordan went to bed and Luke and I were left alone to talk.
Luke and I exchanged a glance that I'm sure we both interpreted as 'we'll talk soon'. Jordan was asking if either of us wanted to watch another movie but if we have to sit through another 1-2 hours I could quite possibly explode. Instead, I suggested that she could watch whatever while I went to go clean up the kitchen and put my pajamas on.
She was fine with that, more than fine with it. After all, Luke was there to keep her company. Or so I thought. He ended up following me into the kitchen a few minutes later. I nearly dropped the plates on the floor when he entered the room.
"Relax Katie. Please just sit so we can discuss this?" He asked soft and sweet, I was more willing to listen since he wasn't being a jerk about this. Then again, Luke has never really showed signs of being a jerk in general.
"Okay. What do you want to talk about?" I asked as I sat down. Luke sat in the chair next to me, twisting it around so we were face to face. He remained quiet for a minute before starting.
"First of all, I'm really sorry you found out..about my bad the way you did. I meant to tell you..I really did. Mom said it was best to wait though. I mean it was bad enough to just walk in here and announce I'm you bother. How could I also spring on that I'm also in a band."
"I am a bit surprised you didn't know about us. But anyway. Katie I'm really sorry to have kept this from you. All of this. You have every right to hate me, but don't hate mom. She is trying the best she can to protect you."
I sank in my chair. My heart wanted to explode with anger but it also wanted to explode with an overwhelming feeling of love. Luke didn't want to shove all this stuff on my shoulders at once. I had to admit that it made some sense, and that it was sweet of him. But I was still upset he and mom kept this from me.
"But I don't get it Luke. Why is this," I motioned to him which I'm not sure if he understood my hand motion. ",a dangerous situation for me? I mean why do I need protecting? I know celebrity world gets crazy with paparazzi and fans and traveling, but why is that dangerous?"
Luke took some breaths before running his hand over his face. I looked down at my lap until he decided to speak. It honestly puzzled me so much.
"It's complicated..and I'm sorry Katie but the honest whole truth has to come from mom. She has to be the one to explain everything." Luke's eyes filled with emotional pain as he said those words. Even empathy laced in words.
"What's so fu*king complicated about being in a band? I'm sure things get chaotic but c'mon! I-" I was rudely cut off by Luke clamping his hand over my mouth.
"Be quiet." I noticed his eyes flicker over to the direction Jordan was in. Prying his fingers off my lips, my eyes narrowed at him. (Also I doubt Jordan would be paying attention to us if there's something playing on the tv. And I can hear the tv on.)
"Don't fu*king touch me like that again." My hands clench up into fists. Luke didn't seem scared but he did scoot his chair back a bit. Probably only so I couldn't hit him directly.
"Just fu*king listen to me Katie. You can't know everything yet. I'll tell you this and do not press on the subject until you and mom talk. Clear?" Luke seemed to be completely done with my attitude. Sure took him long enough. Honestly, I was wondering how long Luke could keep up his sweet-boy act. Reluctantly, I nodded.