
I started to feel tired so we ended up going back home. I felt kinda bad for ending the adventure but Luke promised it was fine. The clouds seemed to grow a deeper shade of gray by the time we pulled into the driveway. A few seconds after walking in the door it started to downpour.
Mom still wouldn't be home for another few hours. Luke went directly to the family room and placed himself on the couch. I just left him alone and went in my room. The stormy weather outside made the house dreary and dark.
About four seconds after kicking off my shoes, I heard my phone ring. Considering the only people who call my cell are my mom and Jordan, take in to account that my mom is still at work, I knew it was Jordan.
"Dude! I just got the cutest letter from Danny!" She gushed the second I accepted the call. Danny is her boyfriend, they've been dating for about two years now.
"What'd he say?" I knew she'd tell me anyway but this way I seem actually interested. Not that I wasn't. Okay, honestly I couldn't care less about boyfriends and love. But she is my best friend so I have to act like I care.
"Dear Jordan.." I zoned out as she read the letter. Don't ask me why she decided to read every word to me. Jordan and Danny were long distancing. It surprised me how long they've been away from each other yet they still have strong feelings for the other. Most people say long distance relationships never work out. Jordan and Danny are putting a big middle finger to those people right now.
I have to admit that they are a perfect couple. They're are so in sync it's actually scary. Last summer he came to visit for five weeks. I maybe saw Jordan two days out of those five weeks (I completely understood though) and when I did see her, Danny was in tow. He was really nice, pretty cute too, and I could see how inlove they were. Ultimately I gave him my blessing to date my best friend.
"Love Danny. Isn't he the sweetest!" My mind snapped back to her attention. I let out a laugh at how mushy she got.
"I actually hate how freaking perfect you two are. Hey! Want to come over?" Jordan laughed at my compliment towards them. Then she agreed to come over, saying she'd be over after she went pee.
A huge crack of lightning, deep rumbling of thunder, fat rain drops knocked out our power. I sighed as I walked to the kitchen to get some matches and candles going. Luke ended up falling asleep on the couch. I quietly placed two candles on the coffee table next to him. He fidgeted a bit when Jordan knocked on the door.
She was soaked when I opened the door for her. She glared at me when I laughed. The power was still out but the many candles I lit were doing a good job at making the place not so dark, although it did make it feel creepy in a way.
"Well sh*t. If I'd known your power was out I would have made up an excuse not to come over." I rolled my eyes at her sarcasm.
"Yeah yeah. C'mon, I need your help picking out an outfit for Friday." I led her back into my room. She instantly hopped onto my bed.
"Friday?"
"Mom's having a business dinner thing. I don't know..I just know I have to look like I didn't just roll out of bed." Impersonating my mom's voice at the last part. She always said that when I didn't wear a dress out in public. Jordan laughed at the accuracy.
-AYE CHAPTER SEVEN IS HERE! I hope you guys liked it :) thank you so much for reading this and I really hope it's not too boring yet.
Something happened in this chapter that is pretty important but it won't make much sense until later in the story. (That's all for my explanation lol) I hope you guys stick around! Thank you again for reading :) -Mel