
"Not just any band Jordan, a really well-known, famous, band." I say quiet enough so only she hears me. Not that anyone is even listening to our conversation. Except maybe the weird janitor guy, he keeps looking over his shoulder at us.
"That's kinda cool. I mean it's so wrong that they've kept this from you but at least information about Luke is everywhere practically. Makes it a little easier getting to know him. Just stalk some of his fan's accounts." I roll my eyes at her. She does have a point and I've thought about researching him and the band before.
"Yeah..but I think I deserve to be told these things from the boy himself. Especially if he's sleeping in the room next to me." I sigh out and pinch the bridge of my nose. A headache was starting to form. Lack of sleep plus over-dose of stress plus bright mall lights was giving my brain a torturing workout.
"I know. And I agree Katie. He definitely should tell you things about him. I'm just saying, before you totally give up on him..let him explain." Jordan picked at her bracelets on her arm. A couple were ones I made her a couple years ago.
We used to have sleepovers every other weekend and we'd make bracelets amongst other activities. A smile crept on my lips when I saw the very first one still limply hanging in.
"I didn't know you still wore it." I gestured towards the bracelet. Jordan seemed to light up.
"Well yeah, my best friend gave it to me." She winked sending us both into laughter.
"Crap I have two minutes left. Thanks for..this." Jordan got up to pull me into a hug. We hugged tightly for what seemed like five minutes. The best thing about best friend hugs, they make you feel instantly better. Like they soak up sadness and replace it with love and comfort.
"Always here Katie. Well not here cause it tends to get quite crowded but you know what I mean." She joked making us both laugh again.
"You're annoying." She pouts as we make our way to the music shop.
"Wow..and to think I kept this friendship bracelet after all these years of listening to you go on and on about boys and work. Hearing you talk endlessly about music and traveling." I roll my eyes as she continues to rant.
We managed to make it to my work on time. Lucy was back behind the counter. She looked like she had a bit of a rough night last night, I made a note to be extra sweet towards her.
"Hey, can you stop by the florist and pick up a cute bouquet for me?" I handed her some money when she agreed. I whispered that it was for Lucy which made Jordan instantly understand.
Jordan quickly scooted off towards the florist. I clocked in and began working in the holding closet. Today was the day I would be placing people's orders in a box, adding a shipping label, putting them into the mail cart. It's not hard but it's painstaking and time consuming.
Lucy gave me the small binder full of online orders and the hold list. Starting with the items on hold, those were the easiest since there's more online purchases.
Only had to view my brother's stupid face about a few hundred times. Even though I was beyond mad at him, I almost broke and played their cd. A few times, just so I could hear why they were so popular. A few customers stopped by to pick up their items.
Once the day was done, there was only a few boxes left. All the rest of the products were wrapped up and stuffed into the two mail carts. Lucy's husband comes in to take them to the post office.
The purple vase of flowers Jordan picked out were displayed next to the cash register. They were beautiful yellow sunflowers and really cheered up the place. Poor Lucy almost cried when we handed them to her. She pulled us in big hugs and thanked us a million times.