
Mom and Luke were in the kitchen when I came storming through the front door. I felt part of the floor vibrate through my shoes when I slammed the front door. More and more anger built up inside as the minutes ticked by. By the time I got home I was plain furious.
"Katie! Just in time for dinner!" Hearing the perky tone of mom calling out to me made the anger boil over.
I wanted to shout at them immediately but I figured maybe giving them a chance to share what they believed was still a secret would be nice.
"It's funny how certain bands become very popular. I had about ten people ask me for a certain band's CD today." Luke tensed a bit which made me smirk. His back was to me but I still noticed the quick stiffness.
"Well that's always cool to hear." Mom said nonchalantly as she scooped food onto the plates before Luke.
"Yeah. It was a shame though, because I had to tell people we were sold out. Two girls cursed me out. It's the same band that's talked about left and right at school. Something about sauces I think." I decide to bite a bit farther. The shift of the mood in the atmosphere told me I was definitely onto something. Both of them froze for a second. Just a second..but that second confirmed the lies.
"That made confused though. Cause why would a band about sauces be so popular. Unless they were those kind that were just awful but funny awful so their stuff was popular for that reason. Then I thought maybe they made a joke kind of song about sauces. They have one about underwear apparently." I go on as I bring my plate to the table.
Luke and mom sit down too. They're acting like this doesn't mean a thing. Good liars, terrible actors. Since neither of them ask about my story further, I let it go for now. They both seem to relax as my silence takes over. Giving them the intention that the secret is still safe from me.
We have a rule at the dinner table. Okay well a few, but the main one that I'm using to my advantage is that no one gets up until everyone is done eating. Luke finishes first. Normally I eat just as fast, but I'm being slow on purpose. He starts tapping his fingers as mom and I finish.
I glance at Luke occasionally to see if his facial expression have changed. He seems calm but when I glance at him I see him fidget a bit. Mom finishes her meal as I stuff another fork-full into my mouth. Chewing slowly, I carefully begin to take out the poster from my pocket. I picked one up from a magazine in the back of Lucy's store. (She has a mountain of magazines that are used for shipping paper.)
"How was work?" I ask a standard question as I begin to unfold the poster under the table.
"Busy, like always. I have to do some tonight too." She's trying to get me to hurry up.
"Luke? Your day?" By now I have the poster unfolded and ready to display. I just have to wait for the right moment to expose it.
"Fine." He shrugs. I stuff more food in my mouth.
"Mine was interesting thanks for asking." I swallow my food. "I mentioned this popular band topic when I came in the door. Well there's more to the story."
I sip my water before forcing a giggle to come out. Making everything seem like I'm not about to infiltrate their scheme. Luke gives me a weird look. Mom begins to push her chair back. She's about to speak but I cut her off before she can even begin.
You know the silence you hear when a teacher goes off on a student. No one wanting to press the teacher further so everyone just bites their tongue. The silence that filled the room was just like that but about ten times worse. In my point of view it was great. Their gaping mouths, wide eyes and solid stance told me everything I already assumed when I slammed the poster down on the table.