
"What's your biggest goal in the future?" Luke's question made a lot of things pop into mind.
"I'd say seeing the world. There's so much out there..so much beauty, discovery, hidden mysteries out there." I stopped myself before going on a four hour tangent of how much I wanted to travel. Luke smiled at this though.
We were currently sat at a burger place a few minutes from the music shop. Luke and I spent hours in there, we only left because both of us were starving. After the battle between music tastes it was pretty clear that Luke and I had similar but different music styles. We connected with some artists but others not so much.
Peggy, our waitress, brought out our food on two white plates. We dug in after she placed down napkins and left.
"What about you? Your biggest goal?" I asked before taking a bite out of my bacon cheese burger. So good man.
"I want to save as many people as I can." His reply made me a little confused.
"What do you mean?" A spark of light ignited in his eyes and a smile crept onto his face.
"There's people out there who are hurting. Physically and emotionally. I don't know..the idea of making others happy and saving them from hurting is what I want to do." Luke's answer made me smile.
This kid was so sweet. His heart was definitely on his sleeve. It was nice hearing words like this come from a cool kind of guy. Most guys would say getting a football scholarship or marrying a model or buying a fancy sports car.
Since this morning, I've come to know a bit more about Luke. Jordan was right, he wasn't such a bad guy. I still could say I was thrilled having him living with us but he was growing on me.
The weather outside was still groggy. It wasn't raining anymore but the dark gray clouds still clung to the sky, making everything look dull. Besides the bright red cushions we were sitting on. Jordan and I used to come here a lot during the past summers. They have really good milkshakes here.
Both of scarfed down our burgers pretty fast. I made Luke order me a milkshake while I was going to use the toilet.
I glanced at myself in the mirror after washing my hands. It's was laughable how gross I looked. My hair was frizzy and some strands were curly while others were straight. (Thanks to my indecisive natural hair.) Mascara was a little smudged because I forget to take it off before bed. It's such a hassle sometimes and I get lazy.
Once I fixed myself up a little, I exited the restroom. Upon my return to the table, someone bumped into me. We both exchanged a sorry at the same time. The person's deep voice made me look back at who I ran into. He made my eyes widen a bit.
The tall man was walking with his back to me. He had two full sleeve tattoos (one each arm) and broad shoulders. His hair was buzzed thin. It might seem that he was harmless, but then he turned around. A quick glance showed off his dark green eyes.
As I sat back down, I couldn't help let my eyes bounce around me. Luke cleared his throat after a couple seconds. He had his eyebrows drawn together with concern.
"You okay?" He asked setting down his drink. I merely nodded. It wasn't something I needed to mention, just some random run-in with a fellow human.
"Thanks." I motioned towards the milkshake in front of me. We talked for a few more minutes while I scooped out my dessert. When the check came I slipped my credit card to Peggy first. Luke wanted to protest but I told him to zip it before he had a chance. Honestly, paying for meals isn't that big of a deal.
-