
Two months. That's how long it's been since I said yes to accepting my position in GHOST. I've gone through all my training and have been on two cases.
We drove over to where our house used to stand the other day. Nothing remained expect burnt wood and shattered glass. I managed to save half of my blink poster. The bottom half was seared off by the fire. I also managed to save a couple pictures but the frames were cracked, I cut my finger picking up one frame. Going back wasn't easy. Oddly though it fueled me with anger instead of making me want to burst into tears. Whoever did that to my house was going to pay.
Everyone was downstairs discussing today's plans. I remained in my room. We were still staying at Calum's place, although I learned it was actually GHOST's main off-radar safe houses. Calum actually lived here though..when he wasn't on tour and playing bass on stage.
While I was briefed on everything I was allowed to know, some information came up that semi explained what was going on. A group, the one's that are our enemies, want me. They know I'm old enough to be recruited and they are after me. What a sick way of trying to get someone on your side. Blow up their house.
Anyway, that explains why I noticed several suspicious people in my presence at places I work and go to. They were watching me. Flashback of those people came back when Laurence was explaining all this. I had no idea at the time that these people were watching me, it made me a little uncomfortable to know that I was being stalked and had no idea. Made chills run down my spin the first time I heard that.
Two months have gone by and I'm eager to get my hands dirty. Overtime, I will be able to pick my cases, but right now I get them assigned to me. Most are cool but some get boring. Apparently I need more experience and training. Mom refuses to let me do more than what I'm given though.
"Katie, can I come in?" Luke asked after he knocked on my door.
"Yeah what's up?" I raised my voice slightly so he could hear it through the door. A second later I heard my door creak open and then a large boy slumped down on my bed.
"We have been instructed to do some surveillance this morning." Luke said giving me a bored smile. It wasn't the best job in the world to get, because it was tiresome but it was easy.
"Where at?" I said putting away some dirty clothes in the hamper. Luke shoved some of my shirts away from him earning a glare from me. He messed up my piles of clothes.
"Anywhere. We get to pick and Calum and Michael get a different section." I nodded and then began to think of where the best place to do this would be.
We've been searching the main streets for a while, local areas all the time. Maybe if we go to the edges of town this time? Place over in that area might give us some new information to run through. Might even bring us new clues.
"How about we go towards the east side of the border of town. The eastern side is a little bit more of a shady place but that might be where we need to look." I barely got through my suggestion when Luke tried to interrupt me.
"We aren't going somewhere sketchy. You are too valuable to loose." This is always the argument we have. That I have with everyone at GHOST. Supposedly I have major dollar signs over my head. Everyone against us wants me, dead or alive, so I'm being protected like crazy. It's actually really frustrating. I want to be out in the field and helping them catch the criminals.
"Luke c'mon! All we get in baby cases. I know I'm new but you aren't. We can do this. We're a team after all."Luke looked like he was slowly caving in. He said that he would run it pass Laurence to be sure that area isn't closed off of our jurisdiction. I sighed but it was protocol to make sure we weren't stepping into uncharted territory.