
It seemed like everything stopped. The words swam around in my brain, echoing, but I couldn't believe them. The tall boy in front of me couldn't be my brother. I was an only child. Mom had to be joking with me.
"I know it's a shock. He'll be living with us for now." Mom said patting Luke on the back.
I shook my head at her. A laugh escaped my mouth but it wasn't a hearty laugh. It was bitter. He'll be living with us? I looked at him with narrowed eyes. He just stood there quietly, avoiding my gaze.
"Are you kidding me? I'm not an idiot mom. This kid can't be my brother, I'm an only child." I made sure to emphasize the only child part.
"I will explain in time. But yes..Luke is your brother. Now, I have to go do some paperwork. I need you to show him to the guest room, which will be his now."Mom put her arms around me for two seconds before peeling away. I twisted around so fast.
"Excuse me? You can't just bring a stranger home and say he's my brother! I've been your only kid for 17 years! You've never mentioned I had a brother! I deserve an explanation!" I shouted at her. The nerve of this woman was amazing.
"Don't use that tone with me. I said I will explain, just not tonight." She responded with a cold tone in her voice. It made me clench my jaw together.
I glanced back to see what Luke was doing. He was just standing there looking at his feet. I rolled my eyes at him even though he couldn't see that. When I looked back to yell at my mom some more, I had more things to say, she was gone.
"I-I can find the room myself..it's no trouble.." Luke's voice made me turn around to face him.
He picked his black suitcase off the floor. It matched his attire. Black jeans, black graphic tee, black jacket. Even his shoes were black. I wouldn't be surprised if his underwear was black too.
"It's no problem? Aren't you a least bit concerned that you now have a sister apparently?" I questioned him. Why was he so calm about this? Did he know about me? If he knew about me why didn't I know about him? I wanted to scream out in frustration.
"I'm calm because it's not a shock to me. Besides, having a sister is cool." He shifted his suitcase and shoved a hand in his pocket. He gave me a simple smile but I didn't return it.
I eyed him carefully. He was too tall for me to physically push out of the house. He was really broad too and he seemed to be pretty strong. There's no way this boy is my brother. Sure we both have blonde hair and I can tell we have the same crystal eyes but that doesn't mean we are related.
I'm not short but I'm definitely not as tall as this guy. We seemed to only have the hair and eyes in common. Maybe the nose but barely. I looked a lot like my mom, Luke didn't look like her much. There was a feeling in my gut that told me this was all wrong.
"The room is next to mine. You'll see a blink-182 poster on the door. Don't ever enter that one." I finally said before turning around. This whole thing wasn't right. Mom was hiding a secret much bigger than she was letting on. I walked into my room, slammed the door shut so everyone knew I wasn't okay with this.
The dumb movie was still displayed on my laptop screen. I shoved it away while swearing.
A couple seconds I heard the door next to my room open and shut. Never did I feel so uncomfortable then I did just then. How would you feel in my shoes? 17 years of it just being you and your mom.
One day she leaves to go to work then comes home with a stranger. Says he's your brother and now he's sleeping in the room next to you. I didn't feel like sleeping. There were millions of questions dancing around in my head. Questions I didn't have answers to. I stayed up pacing around my room.