
"Hey! Don't you know to knock on the door before entering?" Luke shrieks at me when I open the bathroom door.
He's standing with a towel around his waiste, my purple towel. His hair was dripping slightly and laying flat. His blue eyes were wide with surprise. I couldn't help but stand there in shock. My cheeks warm up when it finally registers what I did.
"Sorry..I forgot there was someone else using this bathroom." I shake my head as I close the door. Guess it wasn't a dream. Luke is a real person. He is sharing a bathroom with me and using my towel. I wasn't sure how I felt about it all.
Knowing that mom was probably still asleep I ran down the hall to her room. She never locked her door. I quietly entered her room (she was sound asleep) and used her bathroom as quick as possible. It was amazing how much makeup and perfume mom had on display on the counter.
She was still asleep when I got done. I couldn't help but look at her with a bit of hatred. Why wouldn't she tell me I had a brother? Then again, she never mentions dad. Maybe there's something linked between the two of them. That very idea made my skin tingle. Dad and Luke have been kept from me for a reason.
I stormed out of her room. Luke passed by me as I walked at lightning speed through the house. I shoved passed him.
"Everything okay?" He chuckled out. Clearly he thought it was a good idea to make a joke out of my anger. I spun around and gave him a dirty look.
"I wouldn't test me right now Luke." My words seemed to put a certain playfulness in his eyes. His eyes sparkled. I waited for some smart-mouth comment from him.
"Calm down." Funny how those exact words seem to do the exact opposite.
"Calm down? My mom has been lying to me for 17 years. She keeps the fact I have a brother from me and just randomly comes home with some boy, tells me that I have a brother but gives no fu*king explanation! Okay. I'll be calm." I shout at him before spinning around and walking into my room. Slamming the door, not caring if I wake up mom.
I quickly get changed out of my pajamas and into regular clothes. There's no way I can be home right now. Luke is up and walking around. My mom will wake up soon, if not already thanks to my outburst, and I don't want to see her right now.
I lock my bedroom door and grab my phone before opening my window and climbing out. My stomach growls. I take the path that leads me towards Jordan's house. She better be getting up soon.
The summer air felt warm and sticky. Some people were out biking or walking their dogs. My neighbor, Carol, was out cleaning out the weeds in her garden when I passed her house. We exchanged short waves.
Jordan's house was three blocks away. Her house has a bright blue roof that makes it easy to spot.
Finally, I arrived at her house. I knocked on the door and hoped she was awake to let me in. A few seconds went by so I knocked again. I laughed when I heard swearing coming from the other side. Jordan swung the door open still half asleep.
"Dammit Katie. What the fu*k do you want." She stepped aside to let me in.
"I needed to be away from home. Sit down somewhere so I can explain." I said taking off my shoes. Jordan shut the door and we both walked into her room.
Her room was small but it was cozy. The dark gray walls were covered in posters and art work. She was a fantastic artist. We sat down on her bed and I took in a deep breath before I told her what happened.
"Back the fu*k up. You have a brother?" Her brown eyes were wide awake now. She sat up straighter the second I mentioned Luke.