
I was stuck in the backseat, for a lot longer then I liked, squished up against Luke. No one said anything for the whole ride. I focused my attention out the window, the darkness was making it hard to properly see the nature outside. Mom's phone was the only noise throughout the night-it seriously would not stop ringing.
We finally stopped driving, only to fill up the tank and go another couple miles. The place we pulled into next took my breath away, the building was huge. I was in awe when I stepped out of the car. Luke still had a grip on me, but he let go as soon as we started walking towards the front door. Huge stone steps led up to it.
"Where are we?" I asked as I turned to face mom. She was opening a wooden panel on the front porch, looking as if she was typing. When I stepped closer, a screen the size of an IPad was glowing.
"This was supposed to always stay hidden." Mom muttered as she closed the panel. A key flew out of the black mailbox hanging on the wall beside the door.
Mom picked up the key and opened the door so we could all step inside, Luke followed behind me. A light flipped on the second we closed the door. I spun around. The second I did made me wish the clock could reverse.
"Calum, sorry to drop in mate." Luke said behind me, I could hear the smile on his face. Calum had one on his as they exchanged a bro hug. Then his glance fell on me, that smile faded as he saw my puzzled face.
"Well come in. Don't just stand there." Calum gestured us all to follow him. Into his kitchen where we all sat around the island counter. Calum offered drinks, only I denied it. Mom immediately started to explain why we came. Luke kept glancing at me as I watched the two surprisingly non-strangers converse.
I looked down at my hands when he gave me a slight frown. What made my stomach sink was the fact Calum didn't seem surprised by any of this. By us just randomly dropping in, the words mom was speaking to him, the fact he had a computer under his front porch. It was all making my head spin. That and remembering the blinding image of our house blowing up into flames.
"Katie!" All three of there voices called after me after I jumped off the chair and ran to find a bathroom. My stomach was being to feel upset.
Three doors later I found the bathroom. My back slammed against the door to close it before anyone could ask if I was alright. Obviously I wasn't. I locked the door and turned off the lights to try to dull my surfacing headache. Just as the first person started banging on the door, this evenings food came up.
"Katie open up!" Mom yelled from outside the door. Was she nuts? I'm not opening the door while I'm puking.
"Just give me a minute!" I yelled back with as much anger as I could dwell up.
After my stomach emptied, I gargled some water to try to get rid of the horrid taste in my mouth. The reflection in the mirror was not a pretty sight. Makeup was smudged all over my face, eyes puffy, a light layer of ash from the fire coated part of my face, honestly looked like I just got beat up. If only that were the case.
Before stepping out, a few paper towels were taken to fix my face. As much as possible anyway. When I did all that, I was surprised to see only Calum waiting outside for me.
"Where's mom and Luke?" I asked kind of alarmed. My heart immediately started beating fast.
"It's okay. Luke went to make you something to calm your stomach and your mom is on the phone with Laurence." My eyebrows pulled together at the ending. Was I supposed to know who that was?
"Who's Laurence?" My voice truly giving away that I had no idea who he was. Calum gave me a funny look. Almost like he was surprised I didn't know.