
"You listen to me young lady. I understand that all of this is still very new to you. I admit that it may not have been the best thing to keep this from you. However, you have to understand that what goes on in this business is no joke. Kaitlin Marie Hemmings, it's time to grow up and take things seriously." My full name. Mom never uses my full name. Something in the back of my mind told me that there was more to the story than what happened at Luke and I's mission.
"Can't you see I'm trying? You know for once mom, it'd be nice to have my mom on my side. You've been completely unfair." I was doing my best at keeping the wall standing strong against my anger. My body was already growing warm at my temper rising.
"I've been unfair to you? Kaitlin sweetie, if anything I've been doing my job as a parent. Life isn't fair honey. And you haven't given me reasons to be on your side." Those words did it. Those words were the sword that shredded my wall.
"How can you say that? I've given no reasons? How about the fact I do everything around the house because you're never around! How about the fact I've worked insane hours while being a full time student! How about the fact that I've taken the role of dad even though I know nothing about him! That's right! You're never home to see that! Even if you were, it's not like you'd care! Now that Luke is in your life nothing matters."
"I hear you two talking all the time. I've come home from horrible days at work to see you two being lazy on the couch and neither of you ask me about my day. I was used to being so invisible to you when it was just me. You've completely cut me off since you brought Luke into our home. How dare you say that you've done your job as a parent. Go ahead ground me. Like that would make a difference."
I'm more than certain tears were running down my face. I was more than aware at the fact that everyone on our team could hear my outburst. Mom looked like she was starring at a ghost. Her face was a shade paler and her jaw hung open with shock. Then she shook her head, returning to the stone hard and emotionless stance.
"I've told you enough about your father. He's not in the picture and never will be again. As for Luke. The only difference between the two of you is that he is responsible. Katie-"
"I get it mom, I'm not good enough for you. Luke is the better child and I'm just a disgrace to your name. Do I get that gene from my father? Or is that information off the record too?" A moment of silence ached through the house. I could hear everyone talking outside, trying to seem busy. Mom pinched the bridge of her nose and shook her head.
"Katie stop it. I don't want to argue with you." Mom said in a very strained voice. Not in a sad way but in a very exhausted tone.
"Fine, I'll go write up the report for today. Unless you want the responsible Luke Hemmings to do that? I sure don't want to screw that up too." If there was any moment that I was sure mom would slap me, it'd be now. All she did was let a deep sigh before walking around me towards the kitchen.
"You can stop pressing your ears against the door!" I yelled and a long second later the door creaked open. "We're through with today's session of mother-daughter bonding." I said through another set of falling tears before racing up to my room. My fists clenched, I need to hit something.
A/n sorry for any mistakes! Writing the next chapter now :)