
"Apparently!" I yell still pissed about it all.
"Does he look like you?" She asks taking out her pony tail. I watch her pull it into a braid.
"Not really..we have the same blue eyes and blonde hair. Maybe similar noses but that's about it. He's probably 6 something and I have to wear heels just be a little tall. The important detail is that he sounds Australian. I'm not fu*king Australian." I plop down on her bed.
Jordan hums as she thinks. That's what she does when she needs to concentrate.
"I don't want to give any false facts..but maybe that's where your dad went." Her words make me sit up. Before I can counter her she holds up a finger to her mouth.
"Think about it. When your parents split, your mom kept you while Luke went with your dad. This happened when you were a baby so Luke grew up in another country. Hence getting the accent." Jordan explained.
I sat there dumbfounded. Her words did make sense. How could that be true though? Why would my parents do that? I get them splitting up, but splitting Luke and I up too and moving to another country?
"Your mom hasn't explained anything? At all?" Jordan asked snapping me out of my thoughts.
"Fu*king nothing." My hands clench up into fists at the thought. Jordan nods then gets up. I have to admit that I'm surprised she didn't ask me millions of questions. I figured she would never shut up about it.
She walks over to her closet and pulls out a shirt. Then goes over to her dresser and picks out shorts. I laugh when she kicks clothes out of the way to get her shoes.
"We're going out." Jordan grabs her bag then pulls me off the bed.
My stomach rumbles again. Jordan rolls her eyes at me. We exit her house and get into her car. She rolls down the roof of the car while I plug the aux cord into my phone. We both sing along to the songs on my playlist.
This is how I imagined my summer break to be. Hanging with my best friend.
--Imagine walking to the bathroom and seeing Luke standing there with nothing but a towel on.
Thanks for reading and thank you so much for voting on my fanfic. Hope you enjoyed this chapter. Things will get more interesting as I get more chapters out. :)
Peace x.