
When I woke up this morning I noticed how quiet everything was. After checking each room I confirmed both Luke and mom were out. Slumping down on a seat in defeat, I rubbed my eyes before getting up to get some breakfast. There was still a couple hours to burn before I had to get ready for work. That consisted of me doing daily chores-dishes, laundry, taking out any trash bags. I made a note to clean the bathrooms either when I got home or tomorrow.
The bathroom was steaming after I finished my shower. My hair dripped against my back as I stepped out. Wrapping the fresh purple towel around, I stepped closer to the counter to brush my teeth. Quickly wrapping my hair into a smaller towel made my neck ache. After drying my body off, I slipped my work clothes on.
My hair was still damp by the time I left the house. I didn't bother hitting it with my blowdryer. It would be up in a bun some point soon anyway.
The parking lot at the mall was surprisingly packed. I understand school is out since its summer, but still. There's hardly ever this many people here. I ended up parking way farther than normal. I muttered words as I walked into the main entrance of the mall. Thanks to the rain yesterday, my shoes were soon soaked by all the puddles. They squeaked a bit as they rubbed against the tile floor.
"Morning." I tried to sound as cheery as possible.
"I need you to watch the store. I've got a family emergency to take care off. Think you can hold it down for me?" Lucy seemed so distraught. Her eyes were already welling up with tears and her cheeks were flushed.
"Yes of course. Go. I've got it." I assured her. She seemed to relax a small fraction as she sighed out a thank you. Pulling me in a swift hug.
She sped out of the store and soon disappeared into the crowd of people. I mentioned before that our store is pretty slow and no one comes in much. Today is no exception. Even with the abnormal number of people, everyone seemed to be completely oblivious of this place. Not that I was complaining. Sure I wish more people stopped it but dealing with people, a lot at once, wasn't something I handled well.
Costumers would trickle in every now and then. A few sales were made but most people were simply browsing. Most ignored my offer for help while a few accepted it but then would wave me off after finding what they wanted or not finding what they wanted.
One girl got extremely annoyed with me when she stopped in and asked if I had any "five sauce" CDs and I mentioned we didn't. That was our most popular product at the moment next to One Direction and Katy Perry. When I explained that we wouldn't be getting anymore in until our next shipment day she stormed off muttering curse words. A few directed towards me.
I closed up the store when it was time for my lunch break. Bravely making my way down toward the food court. I got my food as quick as possible before bringing it back to the store. No one bothered me to open while I ate.
While I ate, I worried about Lucy. She was dealing with so much. At 28 she was managing her own store, twins at home, a husband who travels for a living and her younger sister. Her store was barely getting by, for the record that made me mad because music was very special and valuable. Lucy' younger sister was also sick. I mean not sick like a common cold but sick as in cancer. Lucy never explained what kind of cancer but she didn't have to for me to figure out it was tough and painful. She mentioned it when she wanted to and I never overstepped my bounds by asking her about it any further.
My burger was taking longer than normal to eat with all the worrisome thoughts. I gulped down my water and cleaned up my area before getting back to opening the floor.
You know when you're walking and something out of the corner of your eye makes you stop to do a double take? Well that was me walking towards the trash can. It's in the back corner, next to the door to the storage closet. (That's where all the items on hold are kept.) Anyway, a poster catches my eye. I flip on the light in the closet to see better.