
Jordan and I got breakfast before heading over to the river. We walked down the long pier and sat down at the end of it. Our feet hanging over the edge.
"We need to go on a trip this summer." Jordan says as she stares out at the water. I follow her gaze.
"Where would we go?" I asked even though there was a hundred places I wanted to go to. We talked about traveling to so many places on the last week of school.
"Anywhere Katie. We could take a roadtrip and visit some of the states we haven't been to." I look at her with a smile. It would be so good to get away from this town for a few weeks.
"You think Chloe would be down?" Chloe wasn't as outgoing as Jordan and I.
We met her in 6th grade when her family moved her from Texas. She was swinging at recess alone so we went over. Since that day, the three of us have been glued at the hip.
"Probably. If she knew how serious we were about it." Jordan shrugged. That was true.
A breeze blew some hair across my face. I brushed it away. There were some sailboats out and some other boats. Someone was out with a wakeboard. That always seemed so fun to do.
I tried getting mom to get my one for my birthday one year. She went off about how I could get hurt and drown. Basically that was her long version of saying no.
Just when I had the thought about my mom not calling me, I heard my phone ring. Her contact name took up the screen. My thumb hovered over the reject call button but I didn't tap it. I sighed and presses the answer call button.
"Katie Mason Hemmings where are you?" The sweet tone of my mom's voice was like music to my ears. (*Note sarcasm*) I rolled my eyes at her infuriated voice. Jordan covered her mouth so I wouldn't see her laughing but I could already tell she was by the way her shoulders were slightly shaking. Plus I saw her cover the smile.
"I figured you'd like to enjoy some alone time with your son." I said with a fake smile on my face.
"I do not appreciate you sneaking off without my permission. You can't just leave the house without telling me where you are going and who you are with Katie." This wiped the smile from my face.
I know it's wrong to sneak out but she wasn't even up yet. Plus I needed to get out of there otherwise I would have had an episode and I didn't want that. It's been a while sense my last episode and I wasn't planning on having another anytime soon.
"I'm always either in my room or at Jordan's. You know this mom." I decided to spare an argument. Public docks were not a place to have a full blown argument at. She sighed on the other end of the phone.
"Get home soon." Was all she said before hanging up.
Jordan gave me a look. The look that said you need a drink. Or at least, that's what I'm assuming she means.
A family walks passed us, their little children running around and yelling with excitement. I missed being a kid sometimes. Things were far less complicated. The only drama kids had was not getting dessert before dinner or not getting the good set of crayons at art class.
A fish splashes in the water below us. Some yells to get the fishing pole over here. I look out in the direction of where the fish splashed. It seemed like the horizon line was calling to me. Some strange feeling filled inside me. The feeling of wanting to disappear forever.
Go out to sea and never return. Go on a roadtrip with my best friends and never return. Move out of this town and never return. The thing is. It's not just now that I'm suddenly feeling this way. These feelings have always been in me. I wouldn't say I'm depressed though. I think I'm just stuck. Stuck in a boring town and my heart just longs to go on adventures.