
"After I was rudely cursed out by this teenage girl, I went on my lunch break. Somehow I stumbled across a poster in the holding closet that made me so confused. Surely I was dreaming. Tell me mom, and Luke, am I dreaming? Or does he look exactly..like you?" I question the pair but my eyes are narrowing at Luke.
"Honey, there's got to be a mistake. There's no way that's Luke. Today was a stressful day for you, you worked a long day." Mom tries to laugh it off. Luke just looks pale. Again, good liars but terrible actors.
"Screw you. Honestly mom. You think for one second I am going to believe that isn't Luke? How dumb do you think I am?" I growled at her. Steam would be swirling out of my nose if we lived in a fantasy universe.
"Katie we aren't talking about this right now." Mom threw on her serious face as tone. Normally that would make me drop the subject but I was fuming.
"No. This is bull! What's so wrong about me knowing Luke is in a band? I'm proud that they're so successful, that's really cool. I'm furious that you'd keep this from me. I'm not a little kid mom. I demand to be told the truth." At this point I was so fed up with everything. Just as I thought things were getting normal around here, this happens.
"Can't we tell her?" Luke blurted. Mom looked as if she was about to throw him in a choke hold. I stood there digging my fingers into my arms. My jaw was aching from being clenched so hard for so long. Neither of them said anything but their was some kind of dialogue going on between their stares.
Part of me was about ready to explode any second. The other part was still capable of waiting for either of them to say something. No doubt it would trigger the explosion anyway. I swear that a couple centuries went by yet no one made a sound.
I screamed out after the eery silence felt like it was eating me alive. Tears started rolling down my face as I screamed. Luke came over to me but I yanked my body away from him.
"Leave me alone." I growled, Luke went a shade paler but stepped away. Guilt started displaying in his eyes as he frowned.
Mom started to come over to comfort me but I stepped away from her too. I could see hurt take over her body. Good. There's no way I will let them get off easily for this.
More tears rolled down from my eyes as I looked at them. My body started to shake from all the anger and other emotions zooming through me. I set my jaw before I opened my mouth again.
"You've done a great job at keep the truth away from me. So good of a job..I don't ever think I can trust either of you again." I trained my eyes on Luke. An air of laughter blew out of me as I looked at him. "Congratulations of topping the charts and selling out shows. A good thing is..with millions of fans in your life..loosing one won't make a difference. Especially when they weren't a big fan in the beginning."
And just like that, the relationship we had been building over the few weeks  came crumbling down. Shattering in pieces as I walked out of the kitchen.