
After we got home, I ended up making up an excuse to leave again. Being in this house was not a good thing to be doing right now. I needed to get out and clear my mind.
Most girls would probably go shopping or go to the spa. Instead I went down to the river. Sitting in the same spot I was in when I came with Jordan and told her about Luke. My stomach dropped at that thought so I forced myself to just lean back against the pillar and relax. Letting the slightly salty air clear my mind.
Everything lately has been stressing me beyond my comfort zone. Things keep coming at me and I needed to step away for a moment. Unplugging from life. Where is the 'do not disturb' option for my life?
I sighed out as I closed my eyes. Focusing on my breathing for a little before opening my eyes again. Starring out at the blue abyss. A couple sail boats were floating about, some people throwing fishing lines out trying to catch a fish or whatever will bite. There's not much fish in this river..to my knowledge anyway.
A light breeze filtered through, tossing some stray hairs to stick to my lips. I squinted my eyes as I brushed the hair out of my face and turned my head to avoid anymore wind, the direction of the bright sun. Suddenly there wasn't a single cloud in the sky. It was really beautiful, the bright blue sky, but it made the sun all the more intense and bright.
"Do you mind if I fish here?" A sudden male voice with a strong accent startled me. The accent sounded similar to the accent Luke has. I nearly jumped out of my skin when he spoke though. "Sorry didn't mean to scare you."
I blinked a couple times as I looked up, the sun was in perfect position of blinding me. I shielding my eyes with my hand to get a better look at the random dude in front of me.
He was just as tall as Luke and I instantly caught the tattoos covering parts of his arm. He was holding a fishing rod and some red bucket but he wasn't wearing fishing attire in my book-he had on black pants and a black tank top. Something about him made me a little nervous so I didn't mind giving him the spot and leaving.
"Yeah you can fish here. I was going to leave soon anyway." I wasn't really going to but I figured that would make it seem like he didn't scare me away or anything.
"Cool. Thanks." We exchanged head nods as I got up and brushed off my legs. There's always sand on the docks.
Did I ever mention that I am extremely clumsy? If not, I am. I'll give you an example.
I saw the guy place his things on the dock, more importantly he bucket beside him as he got his rod ready. I saw him kick the bucket a little as he stepped over to the side to lean the fishing rod against the pillar. Then I saw him pull out a rope from inside the bucket that had a small cage attached to it-to collect crabs I assumed. Even though I saw all of that, my feet still managed to get me tangled up with this guy.
My foot caught a part of the rope that was thrown askew on the dock, making my other foot kick the bucket off the dock as I smacked against the boards. Utter humiliation hit me like a bomb.
"Fu*k dude are you okay?" The guy was sweet enough to ask and hold out a hand to help me up. I couldn't bring myself to look at him though. My fave felt red hot and I can just imagine the look on his face.
"I'm so sorry." An embarrassed laugh came out as I apologized. The guy just laughed and said it was fine.
"You own me a new bucket though. And more bait." He grinned when I finally looked up at him. His deep brown eyes seemed to lock onto mine. It almost looked like he recognized for a second..which is weird cause I've never seen him before. Unless we've bumped into each other at a restaurant which is likely cause I'm clumsy.