
As Luke went back downstairs, I continued to clean up my room. A new song came onto the radio while I shoved my suitcase under the bed. Speaking of music. Two out of the four band members live under the same roof that I'm also living under. They are constantly forcing me to listen to their stuff. Calum was saying that the other two members were still in Australia but they are coming over to us soon.
I have before I knew them, but now I have to pretend that it's my favorite stuff to listen to. A couple songs are growing on me but most of their stuff is okay. They clearly have talent but not my style. Their CD was laying on my desk next to the radio I had on. I've heard one song of theirs play on the radio, which is annoying since they have a couple other singles. Radio stations need to learn to keep their playlists fresh.
"Get dressed Katie, we're leaving in ten." Luke yelled as he passed my room. A grin broke out as I whirled around to grab my shoes. It kind of sucks that I can't wear shorts on the job unless I'm undercover or something. Surveillance was different. Even though we need to blend in with the public, we still have to dress under set codes. Consisted of jeans (or capris), sneakers, and a basic top. Normal and causal so it's not so bad. The summer heat makes wearing anything but shorts a death wish. It gets so hot! Luke seems fine with it though, he wears jeans pretty much everyday.
"Ready." I said once I emerged from my room. Luke was leaning against the banister. He handed me a map along with a bright blue folder.
"Keep it closed until we get in the car." He mentioned as we made our way downstairs.
"Be safe you two. Keep us updated per usual. Call for backup if you even contemplate the idea." Laurence was waiting for us at the bottom of the stairs. His rules were given every time. He and mom looked a little weary of my decision, their eyes gave it away. Mom's worry was more visible.
"Of course." We echoed as he handed us ear pieces. I hated these things, the plastic was so uncomfortable. Still I placed it in my ear after programming it.
Then we were set and ready to head off. Luke grabbed a backpack full of equipment we never use but are told are required to bring with us. My gray notebook with a picture of a flower on it is the only thing I actually use. It has all my notes from the other jobs we've done.
Luke threw the backpack into the back seat before starting the car. I opened the map so I could direct us to our first stop. It was the public Orlando Park. A lot of casual business meeting attend their so that was a no brainer to start there. Once we go onto the main highway, I set the map down so I could read over the information in the blue folder. I read over the information then sat back and closed my eyes so I could process it all. A few things stuck out in my mind but nothing made prominent connections with CRYPTIC. The group that supposedly will do anything and everything to get their hands on me.