
Just as I stood up to get dressed, my hands ready to pull my shirt over my head, I saw a flash of light coming from my bedroom window. My body froze less then a second. It wasn't lightning I can prove that, which made a ball of fear swell inside me.
It took all my strength to move my feet, running towards the family room where I saw both mom and Luke lounging out. Mom had the news on while Luke was eating something and on his phone. Seriously, when is Luke not eating?
I came stumbling into the room which made both of them turn to me. Seeing whatever fearful look was on my face, I knew I had their full attention.
"I could have sworn I saw a flash of light outside my window..like..like someone was looking in..with like..a flashlight." My explanation came out not as collected as I would've liked. Nonetheless, they both perked up like I just said there was a murderer outside.
"Katie are you sure?" Luke asked slowly. Flicking his glance at me then at mom then back to me. I nodded, hoping this was some sick joke or that I was just being paranoid.
"Stay here with her, I'll go check it out." Mom said gesturing for me to go over to Luke. Mom said that she'd make sure everything was okay, assuring me that it was probably just my mind playing tricks on me. Honestly, that's what I hoped it was.
"Hey calm down. Come here." Luke scooted over so I could sit down. I guess he could tell that my hands were shaking, I clammed them between my legs to get them to stop shaking. Luke tried to calm me down more by going into his tumblr, showing me random pictures and posts.
The longer it took mom to check on the source of the light the harder my heart started to beat. It shouldn't be taking this long to simply open my blinds, look out then come back.
"Luke it was something. It was someone wasn't it?" I asked, pure fear radiating through my words. A lump formed in my throat when Luke just locked his phone and slowly put it away.
"We have to go!" Mom came racing through the house just as Luke was about to respond. Luke grabbed my arm immediately, pulling me up too fast. My head started to spin. Mom had a blurry black bag in her hands. That's what took her so long. She saw something and packed her bags.
"Mom what's going on? What'd you see?" My feet were stumbling in front of me as Luke pulled me with him. We followed mom put the door. I whipped around trying to see who or what was around. All I could see was a dark shade of our lawn and outline of our house.
"Katie c'mon!" Both of them yelled from behind me.
"My notebook!" I screamed as I remembered my black leather book under my mattress. Containing my life between the front and back covers. Screams of no's and get back here's were directed towards me as I made a beeline back into the house.
"There's no time!" Luke yanked me back just as my hand twisted the doorknob. I squirmed against his tight grip around my waist. He was struggling a little to keep his arm tight but he managed to get me to the car before he set me down.
Just as I spun around to yell at him, our house blew up in flames. When I saw blew up I mean blew up. Luke shoved us both towards the ground, shielded by the car door. My screams got lost in the rumble of the Flames bursting from where I once lived.
"No!" Was all I could shout as the house burned away. As Luke pulled me into the backseat of the car with him. As we sped down the street away from my home.
---- Whaaaat! Did you see that coming? (I hope not to be honest cause I didn't even know I was writing it until I started writing it LOL!) Hope you liked this chapter and I hope you like the story so far! Also, what do you think of Katie and Calum? Yes or no? I'm curious ;)