
"Hey, Eren." You began to say as you helped Eren with his training. "Yeah, _?" He replied, walking up to you. "You remember when I said I want to find someone who likes me?" Eren nodded, waiting for you to continue. "Well, I've realized that it's never going to happen. I'm going to be left in the darkness as long as I live." Eren's eyes widen slightly, he planted his hand on your shoulder. "Stop thinking negative, _. Someday, you will find someone who likes you." Your (e/c) eyes met his emerald ones. "I hope... Um, I have to leave. See you, Eren." You sigh and walk away from him. "And that someone who likes you...is me." Eren muttered as he walked in the oppisite direction.
That was last week, you notice ever since you talked to him about finding someone to love, he's been giving glances at you, staring at you, and it just made you have butterflies in your stomach. You decide to walk to him, tapping his shoulder, he turned around. Eren's cheeks lightly turned red, he inhaled to speak, but you spoke first. "Listen Eren, do you...like me?" You sigh, not making eye contact with him. "U-Um...What do you mean, _?" Eren tried to keep his cool, but failed.    "Why do you stare at me ever since we talked last week?"
"Um..."
"Eren?" You finally look at his green eyes, his face turned more red as he saw your shining (e/c) eyes. It wasn't long before he blurted out, "Y-You have something in your hair, _!" You stare at him in disbelief, running a hand in your (h/c) hair, making sure there wasn't anything in there. "There's nothing in my hair. Eren, speak the truth." You cross your arms, he was getting more nervous now.
"_, I-I have to leave, let's talk about this later, okay?" Eren bolted out of the room, leaving you still in disbelief. "Don't worry," A hand landed on your shoulder. "He does like you, he's just a coward." You turn around to see another friend, Armin Arlert. "Hm, hey Armin. Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" Your face turned into a sly smirk. "Wh-What do you mean?" He blushed lightly. Your face leaned in close to his face, close enough that you guys would kiss.
"Armin... I'm saying we should make Eren jealous so he could tell me how he feels." Armin turned his head away, "You know, _. I d-don't like being used." You gasped softly. "I won't even play with your feelings... You don't even like me, right?" Armin sadly turned his head back, "Well... I guess I could help." You're bright smile made him blush. "C'mon! He went out this way! Oh wait, put your arm around me!" Armin did everything he was told, he felt happy that he was playing as your new love, but he still was sad that he was just pretending.
Because...he liked you too.
Welp! This will be all until next time! See you guys soon!