
A/N: I'm probably sure you were all able to read a lot of one shots so I'm not going to tell you what this means, that means and also this is my first time writing a one-shot so I hope you'll like it!!
-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•It was a nice day today. You were just there in your chair staring out in the window. Your teacher in biology was discussing something about an important lesson but you already know it because of your personal tutor during summer vacation. It was getting boring, you wanted nothing more than just to get away and go to the library.
*Ding... Dong...Ding....*
"Okay! Class dismiss!" Your teacher said. "Finally....""(First name)-cchi are you going to watch our practice later!?"
You turned around and saw your best friend/crush, Kise Ryouta. Even though he's an idiot, he helped you a lot especially during the time where you almost gave up on basketball. Yes you were a player but you only practice twice a week and unfortunately it was already Friday so it means you were done for the week.
"Hmm... Yeah sure. Ne Ryou your battle against Touo Academy is 2 weeks from now right? Are you sure you can handle seeing Dai-chan again?"
"I know what you mean but yeah I'm ready. I'll show him the real me."
"Then good luck Ryou. Later! I'm going to the library today.""Later! (First name)-cchi!"
And with that, you walked towards your library co-assistant (Male friend's name). You helped him out a lot especially during free time and now both of you are putting up the new books ordered by the school. There was one book that was super thick and surely heavy. You carried it but then you tripped and waited for the impact.
"Ah!! Eh? (Male friends name)-kun! A-a-ah sorry!!" "It's fine are you hurt?""N-no I'm fine." "I see." You lied to him but your ankle was twisted. You didn't show it to anyone. After both of you put all the books in the library shelf, you had your recess in the bench outside with (Male friend's name). You were about to stand up when he asked you something. "(First name)-chan....umm...." "Hmm?""Can I ask you something? You see there's a girl I like and she has been helping me a lot in my school works. But I don't know how to express myself to her. What should I do?"
"Is she your classmate?""Yes.""Then you just need to be yourself. No need to be shy, show her that your brave and tell her what you really feels.""Then.... (First name)-chan. I... like you! Since the first time you helped me, I fell in love with you. You're kind, smart, outgoing and easy to talk to so will you go out with me!?"
You were shocked to say something. You know you can never return his feelings so you just now your head and say:
"Gomen...(male friend's name). I don't like you that way plus I already have set my eyes on someone. Sorry!"
"It's Kise-san right? It's okay. I know you've been best friends ever since but do you think I'll ever find this person (first name)?"
"Yeah. Just trust yourself." With that you hugged him but you didn't know that Ryouta was there watching you hugged him. He thought that you liked him so he ran. He was partly angry and jealous.
~Later at the practice~
"Ok that should do it! Dismiss but don't forget to clean up!" Kasamatsu-senpai said to his teammates.
You spotted Ryouta and ran to him but when you called out his name, he didn't hear you out. You continued to call him.
"Oi! Ryou what's your problem!?" Still he remained silent as if he never heard you.
The sky starts to darken and suddenly it rains. You were very drenched and you couldn't help but cry because your best friend was ignoring you plus your ankle still hurts like hell... You stayed in the nearest park on a swing and started to cry. It was almost night and you still haven't got home...