
"Oh, but it is!" Charlotte interrupted dramatically, her eyes intense. "You know Ms. Graham! She's crazy! She'll kill us if we don't get more than one to three points! We need to shoot for at least four goals before our game ends!"
I rolled my eyes at her misuse of the word goal. "Well, maybe we should plan our match," I suggested. This Charlotte girl was already someone I hated, to be honest.
"Fine," she growled, as if she didn't want to, even after complaining.
"Okay, the plan," I began, "is that I'll be up front on the right and you'll be in the back on the left. That way, it's a balanced layout. Understood?"
Charlotte nodded.
We discussed our game plan until Coach blew on her whistle so hard, I could have sworn a bunch of huge spit particles soared out into the air. Not something you'd particularly want to breathe in.
"Jones and Chu vs Furlong and Brickson!" Coach shrieked. Her voice oddly resembled that of a chicken's. But whether it did or not, I couldn't focus on her animal scream anymore. Instead, I needed to walk the talk that Charlotte and I had. We established a lot during ten minutes and had some epiphanies too; apparently, Charlotte doesn't know some basic rules of volleyball.
As we had discussed, I stood up front and Charlotte in the back.
"Jones, you serve!" Coach screamed once again. She handed Andy Jones a ball and, when she blew on (or spit  on) her whistle, Andy obeyed in spite of fear. Knocking the ball over to me and Charlotte, the game had officially begun.
I lifted my arms and, leaping into the air, I struck the ball with great force. It glided through the air, Andy and Allison Chu frantic to save it. Instead, it landed right in front of Allison, who covered up because she was afraid to get hit in the face.
"Yeah!" Charlotte squealed, high-fiving me.
"First to two wins!" Coach yelled, tossing the ball to Charlotte.
Oh no,  I thought, my mind racing. Charlotte, you'd better do this right.
With her thin hands, Charlotte tossed the ball into the air. Next, she hopped up and slammed it toward Andy.
Good!  I thought again, relaxing. I decided to like Charlotte more.
Andy passed it to me. Time to work your magic.
The ball was hovering right above me. I jumped up, expecting the ball to cushion itself on my hand, but instead, it shot for my shoulder. In a microsecond, the ball hit my shoulder and tumbled off of it.
Coach blew her whistle again.
"One to one!" she screamed. I groaned.
"I was so sure of myself!" I told Charlotte. "You should have taken charge! You were behind, you could see everything!"
"Take it easy," she cautioned. "Quit acting like one of those football kids. Okay, they're cute. But they're jerks too." She scrunched her nose. "Actually be a girl."
I rolled my eyes at her stupid remark. "Let's just play the game."
One more round to go. Allison served the ball, and it sailed over the net to Charlotte. She slammed it again to Andy, knocking the poor girl down, right on the gym floor in front of everyone.
Not that any of us cared.
"YEAH!" Charlotte shrieked, high-fiving me. "We win!"
Coach glared at us. "You're just part of the half of the teams who move on to the next round."
Charlotte turned to me. "Who cares!?"