
I'm Gwen Brickson. I'm twelve and undergoing probably the worst time of my life. Ever. In just one word: puberty. Yeah. Especially for a tomboy like me, pubety and middle school aren't all sunshine and rainbows.
It was only the first week of school and I already hated junior high. All the girls ever talked about were boys...I mean, yeah, some guys are pretty cute, but do we need to talk about them constantly? Like, is that all they ever think about?
Another thing is hair. I don't like my greasy hair. I just want it to be tame and bold but also soft. It just feels good.
But here I was, on my way to gym. I slammed my locker and darted for the girls' locker room, ducking under eighth-graders' heads. Class started in two minutes, and if I'm late to one more class, I'm under some hot water.
"Oof!" an eighth-grader cried as accidentally bumped into his stomach due to my rush. "Sorry!" I quickly told him before he chased after me.
"Quit running!" a teacher scolded as I headed toward the gym. Without setting my eyes on her, I scooted past her before she could report me and when she was out of sight, I began to sprint.
Finally, I was here. I slung the girls' locker room door open and searched for a corner. When I identified one, I began to pull of my clothes slowly and then frantically get my shirt over my head. The last thing I needed was a bully to come by and make fun of my body.
Tweet!
The sound of Coach Graham's whistle rang throughout my ears. I was late! I mentally slapped myself for getting into this mess.
After barely lacing my sneakers, I sprinted into the gym to find all the girls pairing up.
"We've got an odd number? Shucks," Coach yelled. Her head swung to the left and then to the right, where I was.
"Oh, boy, look what we have here," she shouted again, her raspy, deafening voice filling the gym. "Brickson is late once again. Furlong, over here!"
A girl with golden-blonde hair with a couple of pink rubber bands holding it in place approached Coach and I. She appeared to be wearing blush and I think a little lipstick. Speaking of lips, I swear a mini smirk was lingering on top of them.
"Arlight!" screamed Coach. "We're going to be playing volleyball, two on two!"
All the girls shrieked in delight, bouncing up and down. I've never seen the reason behind why girls are so volleyball-crazy. They just paint it in light and act like it's so perfect.
Coach, with a blue inkpen in hand, made a few strokes on a piece of paper clipped to a clipboard. "First up," she screamed, "Johns and Alfred vs Nguyen and Tollison!"
Four girls stepped up to either side of a sizeable net in the middle of the gym. The rest of us taking seats on the bleachers, the game began.
Furlong, my partner, started to speak immediately. "I'm Charlotte," she said, introducing herself. "What's your name?"
"I'm Gwen," I casually replied, sticking my hand out. She returned the favor and we shook.
"You look sporty. Are you sporty?" she asked.
I noted the redundance in her question but said nothing about it. "Yeah, I guess I'm a little athletic," I told her, making sure to put extra emphasis on athletic.
"Good, I am too," she snottily agreed. "We have to win this."
"Why?" I questioned. After all, it was just a volleyball tournament. "It's not like it's a matter of life and death..."