
Abby's POV
I wake up to hear my roster, Mr. Clucks, crowen. He is so loud. I get out of my bed and step onto my soft blue rug that I have in my room. I walk to my bathroom and take a shower. After I get out, I change into the outfit I layed out last night. It consistes of a blue crop top, with cowboy boots on it, and washed denom short shorts. I think this will be a good outfit for the first day back after spring break. Most of the families don't get to do much over spring break because this is farming country. Everybody either lives on a farm or works on a farm. I have 2 sisters and 3 brothers. All my brothers are older than me. They are all 21 (yes they are triplets, but they don't look alike) and very protective. My sisters are younger and are 12 year old twins. I am the only one by myself. We have some people that help us out on our 600 acre ranch. We have been friends with them for as long as I can remember. Their names are Wendy and Sam Stanton. They have 3 boys. Rory, Tommy, and Josh. Rory is a couple years older than me and I am a senior in high school. Tommy is a freshman, and Josh is in 8th grade. They have their own house on the property.
When we aren't at school we are always working. Whether it be working the horses, rounding up the cows, feeding the pigs, colecting the chicken eggs, or spreading the seed in the feilds. It all has to get done, so we all have to help. It is a good thing we have the Stantons living on the farm with us because I don't think we could have maneged it all by areselves. Even though there is 8 of us.
I walk downstairs to see my little sisters eating breakfast that my Mama made for us. Daddy is out doin' something in the field probably, with my brothers.
"Mornin' Sweat Pea," my Mama says to me. "You want some pancakes?"
"They are great!" My littlest sister Olivia says.
"Ok I'll have some," I say and she hands me a plate full of pancakes. I sit down at the table and slater my pancakes with with syrup. We are soon joined by all of the Stantons. They are like our family and we all love one another. All the boys are like my brothers. Not that I don't have enough. Our moms are talking when I look at the time and it is 7:30 and we have to be at school by 7:50. So I grab my backpack and throw on my cowboy boots. Then I tell Tommy I am leaving and He quickly runs out the door to meet me at my truck. I say goodbye to my family and head out the door. When I walk to my truck, I make a mental note to wash it after school. It is covered in mud.
When we get to school I say goodbye to Tommy and head to first peroid. I sit down in my usual spot in the front row of science. I hope Ben sits next to me today like he usally does. I am just reading my favorite book, Percy Jackson, and he comes and sits right in his usual spot. I mark my spot in my book and look over at him, and see him staring at me.
"Hi," he says. I look strait into his grey eyes.
"Hi," that is all I can say back.
"How was your spring break?"
"Good. Well kind of. I had to work all spring break. But I did redecorate my room and painted the walls a different color."
"Cool. What color did you paint them?" he asks in couriosity.
"Blue. What did you do over your spring break?"
"My family took trip to California."
"Cool!!! We almost next go on trips. We have to much farming to do." Ben doesn't live on a farm. His grandpa lives and owns a farm but Ben doesn't live there. He works there though and makes a little money.
"Yeah. Do you want to come over for dinner tonight? My mom is making fryed chicken."
"Sure. I would love to. I just have to do a few things first."