
Ben's P.O.V.

Listening to Abby sing is one of my favorite things in the world. We are in the car on the way to her house and she is singing. She is amazing.

"You know, you should sing at the county fair," I tell her. She looks at me funny, then looks out the window. Then she plugs her phone into the jack and turns on a Taylor Swift song and starts singing every word to it.

One part came on and I really listened to it, "Boys only want love if it's torcher. Don't say I didn't, say I didn't warn ya."

When we get to her house I ask her, "Do you really think I only love you because I want to torcher you?"

She just laughed at me and said, "No! I know that you wouldn't do that to me if you have liked me since 7th grade."

"Ok, that is good," and I laugh with her.

Then I hop out of the car and take her hand and we walk up to her house. We walk into get her work boots. I already have mine one. After she gets them one we head back outside where we see her dad and her brothers.

"Hey Daddy," she says to Mr. Schurr.

"Hey baby girl. How was your day?"

"Good. I have to go take Quigley on a ride."

"Ok. You got and do that. Why don't your brothers and I take Ben out to the fields?"

"Ok. See you guys later," she says and walks off. What did she get me into.

They take me out into the field. We start workin' on horses roundin' up the cattle when he brother Mark asks me, "What are your intentions with my sister?"

I can really see that he brothers care about her. I really like that about them. I wish I had a little sister to protect.

"My intention was to have a nice relationship with her and maybe get married someday." I say very shaky. He brother Mark makes me nervous.

"Are you going to go to college?"

"I don't know. I have been thinking about it, but I think that my place is here, in Pike River, with Abby. I really do love her."

He continually asks me questions. Then finally her other brother Jacob says, "Give him a break Mark."

"Thanks," I say back to him. He tilts his hat back at me.

We continue to round up the cattle, except now I am more focused. Finally we were done. Or so I thought. There was one cow still out in the pasture. "I got it." I tell the others.

So I kick up my horse and canter to the cow. She was being very stubborn. Finally I got her back to the barn and we all went back to the house.