
Abby's P.O.V.
"Come on Ben!" I yell behind me while riding my horse Quigley. Ben and I are headed down to the lake to hang out. He is riding his horse Harley. Harley is such a great horse. His blood lines are phenomenal. His dad is a great barrel racing horse. He has won many many rodeos. Ben's dad was really lucky to buy him when he got the chance. A few years ago Ben bought him from his dad.
"I'm coming! Abby, slow down," he says while laughing. I flick my head around and laugh with him. Then I continue to canter to the lake. I feel free while I am riding. I love the feeling. It is like flying.
When we get there I hope off of Quigley and tie him up. I have my swimsuit on underneath of my clothes so I just take my clothes off and then run into the water. It is so cold and refreshing. I just float on my back. Swimming is another thing that I love to do. I am interrupted but Ben splashing me with water.
"Oh you are so going to pay for that!" I say to him. I splash him with water until he turns around then I jump on his back and try to pull him backwards. It works too. I guess you could say that I have a lot of practice since I have 3 older brothers.
When he pops up he says, "Ok! Ok! I surrender!" I just laugh at him. Then I give him a little kiss and then we go back to the shore. We brought dinner for us. We are both starving so we decide to eat. He brought his mom's homemade fried chicken. It was so good. And I made a mini apple pie for us to share.
"Abby, I think this is the best apple pie that I have ever had!" Ben says very enthusiastically. I just laugh at him.
"Really?"
"Yes! I am serious! It is so good. Especially with the whip cream." Then he takes a bit of the whip cream off of his pie and wipes it on my nose. My mouth just drops. Then I take the can of whip cream and spray him with it. Whip cream goes everywhere! It was so fun. We had a whip cream fight!
After we stop, I hop back into the lake to get all of the whip cream off of me. Ben does the same. It is around 5 so we decide to chill for a little while. So we go sit on the blanket that we brought. I lay my head on his shoulder. Sooner or later sleep takes me over.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I am standing in a beautiful long white dress, surrounded by my family and friends. Ben is in front of me wearing a Tuxedo. He looks so handsome. Then a very sweet song starts to play that I always wanted at my wedding. Ben takes me closely as the song progresses.
"I'll never settle down. That's what I always thought. I was that kind of man, just ask anyone.
I don't dance, but here I am. Spinning you round and round in circles. It ain't my style, but I don't care.I'd do anything with you anywhere. Yeah, you got me in the palm of your hand. 'Cause I don't dance."
I look at Ben and I finally realize that I am at my wedding. I smile to myself and Ben pulls me closer. Then he kisses me. It is a very sweet kiss.
"Love's never come my way. I've never been this far. 'Cause you took these two left feet, and waltzes away with my heart."
At this point in the song, I lay my head on Ben's chest and close my eyes and take in everything.
"I don't dance, but here I am. Spinning you round and round in circles. It ain't my style, but I don't care. I'd do anything with you anywhere. Yeah, you got me in the palm of your hand. 'Cause I don't dance."
Now Ben really is spinning me around in circles. This is one of the happiest days of my life. The the bridge of the song starts and it is really sweet.