
Abby's POV
I lay in bed thinking about yesterday night. I couldn't stop thinking about Ben. I just think about my crush on him. All of my brothers know that I like him and say to just ask him out already. It would be really awkward and what if he doesn't fell the same way. What would happen to our friendship? I don't know what to do. I am so deep in my thoughts that I don't realize it 7:45! I have to be at school in 5 minutes!
So I jump out of bed and throw on the first thing I see. I run downstairs and out the door. I jump in my truck and drive as fast as I can (without going over the speed limit) and pull into the school parking lot at 7:49. I have one minute. I jump out of my truck and run to my first class. Then I feel someone slam into me, hard. I am guessing it is a guy. I fall back and end up on the floor. I look up and see Ben with his hand extended to me with a worried look on his face.
"Are you ok?" He asks me.
"I'm fine. I have to go to class." I say to him, pulling on his arm to help me up.
"Abby...."
"What Ben?"
"Um... I will tell you later. Meet me on football field after practice."
"Ok." I say running off. When I get to class they are all reading out of their text books. I walk in as quiet as I can and sit in the front seat. My teacher just looks at me and smiles. She knew I would be here. I'm glad she likes me. Class after class the day goes on. I find out that we are having a formal from all of the girls and they are really excited. They tell me that I should ask Ben, but I don't want to mess up our friendship if he says no.Then I remember I have cheer-leading practice after school. Outside. In the field. Where Ben will be with his football team.
Lucky for me I leave my outfit in my gym locker. So I just go to the locker room after school. When I get there, all of my girlfriends are there. Consisting of Jennifer, Amy, Maddie and a few other girls from the team. I am the captain of the squad. We all get changed into our uniforms. Then we all go out to the football field and wait for our couch. After she gets here we start practice. We are doing back flips and summer salts for our warm ups. Then we start our routine.
When we are all done I see Ben staring at me. He is all sweaty and it is making his hair stick to his face. He is so adorable and really cute when he is practicing. Then Aden snaps him out of it. I can see his cheeks turn red and he got back to practice. I watch them play for another half and hour until it is over. Then he takes off his helmet and walks over to me and I stand up off of the bench I was sitting on and walk to him. We meet in the middle.
"Hey. You wanted to talk to me about something?" I ask.
"Yeah. Um......" He turns red and looks away. I lift up is chin so that he is facing me.
"What is it?" I ask in a really sweet way.
"Will...Will you go to formal with me?" That is what he says to me. To me of all people. I have to think about it for a minute. Did he just ask me to formal?
"YES!!!!! OF COURSE I WILL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" I say LOUDLY and jump into his arms. This is about the best day ever. We are still close but just keep looking at each other in the eyes. Then I decide to do something I have never done before. I decide to kiss him. At first he seems startles but soon kisses back. Then we pull away.
"So what does this make us?" He asks me.
"I don't know. What do you want it to mean?"
"Abby, I have liked you since the 7th grade. So would you do me the honor of being my girlfriend?"
"Yes. Of course I will. And by the way I have like you since the 7th grade too." Then I start crying happy tears. What. Sometimes I just get really emotional. "You want you to come over for dinner?"