
Well hello I am ChaseChase Espinosia You may think that my life is awesome But no it's not my life is literally a living hellI am Bullied by The Magcon boyz I am literally a lonerI have no friends I have anxiety I'm get really depressed sometimes Well idk what else to say so let's get this story started!--------------------------'Beep beep beep beep''Stupid alarm clock'
I threw the covers off of me. why!!! I slowly walked over to my closet.
What to wear??
I just picked out dark blue skinny jean with a dark blue sweatshirt with a white cross.
I went to the bathroom. 'Ok time to shower.'
I striped down then i turned on the shower.
Isn't it awkward when you standing there butt naked with your arm stretched out waiting for the shower to be the right temperature.
Well that how I feel.
When the temperature was just right I jumped in.
*skip shower*
I got out if the shower, dried my self off, put my clothes on and blow dried my hair.
Well then. I walked out and found Matt sitting on my bed all ready for school. I smiled at him and grabbed his blue beanie.
"Hey Chase I was using that." he whined.
"Well then." I walked to his room a grabbed another one of his beanies.
"You could use this one." I said while throwing it at him.
"Fine."
I giggled and grabbed my iPhone 5c (blue) .
"Let's go Matt."I said while running down the stairs.
"I'm coming." he yelled back...."Matthew Lee Espinosia get your lazy ass down here." I yelled up the stairs
"Well I am sorry." he said while running down the stairs.
"Don't fall no-."
I was cut off my Matt falling down the stairs.
"I told you don't fall." i said while walking to the door.
"Well I am sorrrry." he said while dragging the 'r'.
The walk to the bus stop was very quite.
"Ok Matt we are being to quite.""What is there to talk about Chase.""I dont know."...
When we got to the bus stop we were just standing there in peace.
till a girl with a white crop to and a really short pink skirt came up to matt.
"hey there Sexy." she said,
"Uh hi." Matt said clearly uncomfortable.
"Who is this slut." she said while looking at me.
"Oh your calling me a slut... Well at least I don't walk around in practically underwear... I actually wear clothes" I said,
"Whatever." she said then looked at matt. "you wanna come back to my house with me." she said with a smirk on her face.
"Oh you didn't here did you... I was sent here from Texas because I had sex with my teacher... let's just say that it was amazing." Matt said, clearly lying
The girl backed away and said "no you didn't." she look so uncomfortable. ...
"You can leave now." I said to her.
she was about to say something but the school bus pulled up...
Me and Matt jumped in.
We both sat near the back.
The bus started to move.
I must of dozed off cause I hit my head on the seat in front of us.
Matt was laughing his ass off I just rolled my eyes and looked out the window.
My eyes widened.Er mer gerd not today.
"Hey look it's the little slut." the voice I did not want to hear said._____________________I'll update soon.I am just really tiredAnd I know I suck at writing but this is my first fanfic so don't judge...Bye BadBitches😋 Caniff&Grier💝