
Leonardo💙(yay!! Sexy lad!!)You were walking back from your karate class and you didn't know sombody was following you (note the sarcasm!). You first thaught it was normal because, hey, you are in New-York. He could have gone many other ways. But then, you knew he was actually following you! You turned around, annoyed, and started yelling at him.
"Okay dude, seriously?!" You said
"You were so focused on me that you didn't even look at where you were going!" The weirdo said back.
You turn around and look you couldn't go any other way. You were stuck!
"Hehehe, ya know, I might look like a 15 years old girl, but I am actually 50" you said trying to make the pedo go away. It obviously didn't work. He was coming closer and closer to you. You did some karate move but he blocked it with ease.
"Damn! My honor is slowly going away. I got no more choice. SOMEBODY HELP ME!!!!!" You yelled. You thaught no one heard you. You closed your eyes and try to push him back. But then, you couldn't hit anything. You open one eye to look what happened. You saw the weirdo on the ground. You open both of your eyes. You saw a guy with a blue mask. He had brown hair and blue eyes. Not the normal blue eyes but a kind of blue you could never forget.
"Wow~" you said out loud without noticing. He blush noticing that you were actually staring at him.
"Are you alright?" The guy said. "Yes, thank you!" You answer looking in his eyes. "By the way, my name is Leonardo. But everyone calls me Leo." Leo said.
"I am (Y/N). Nice to meet you!" You said back.
"Same for me. I need to go! We'll see next time, okay!?" He said. You nod.'Cause there will absolutly be a next time!
Raphael❤You were in your room after you and your parents were yelling at each other. You turned up your radio and put music really loud so you couldn't ear anyone anymore. But you did hear the noises from the roof. You opened your window and climbed the lader that leads to the roof.
"Hey! Could you keep it dow.....n...?" You started to say but you saw a guy with red-brown hair with a mask red as blood. You know he isn't from your apartment.
"Who are you?" You said. "Doesn't matter!" He answer simply. "You were making a mess on top of my room, and don't act like that with me!" You said annoyed by his attitude.
"I came here because i wanted a break from Leo, but then, there's you!" He said to no one.
"Leo..?" "He's my brother! I'm Raph, now, who are you?"
"(Y/N)"
"Yeah okay. See ya ne- yeah bye!" He was about to say something else but he stopped mid-sentence. You knew he was about to say 'Next time'. Before you could reply, he was already gone.
Donatello💜You were on your roof doing homework at the starlight. It was relaxing for you.
"Ow my gawd!!!! I can't do this!!! It's so hard!" You said to yourself.
You wanted to become a scientist. You liked science an everything, but you had difficulties (A/N: i'm so bad at science and maths!)
You already had abandon the problem you couldn't do.
"It's easy. Give me that!" Said a guy you didn't saw.
"Who are you??" You said "Donatello AKA Donnie. Here you go..?""I'm (Y/N). Thank you Donnie!"
He had a purple mask, brown eyes and hair.