
"C'mon, Sammy! Fireworks!" Dean called out.
Fireworks, you know what that means. Fourth of July fun!
"Dean, since when have you ever gave two shits about fireworks?" Sam asked.
"Since now, now come ON!"
"Wait, wait, wait." Sam smiled with realization. "Is this because it's Cas' first Fourth of July?"
"No!" Dean shouted. "Maybe... Shut up."
"Oh my god, it's like you're a premenstrual teenage girl."
"Will you just hurry up?"
"Okay, okay, I'm coming."
And so they finally drove to the nearest firework stand. It was appropriately titled "Fireworks."
Dean scoffed. "Creative."
Dean made sure that they got all the best fireworks for tonight. It was Cas' first Fourth, and it had to be perfect.
By the time he had FINALLY finished shopping, it was nearly 7:00pm, about the time fireworks would be starting.
They drove into a field near the bunker(way past the speed limit, mind you) and Dean started calling for Cas.
"Cas! Castiel! It's time!" Once he said this, Cas appeared almost instantly.
"Hello, Dean. Sam. Time for what?" he asked.
"For this," Dean said, grabbing his hand and forcing him onto the hood of the Impala.
"Dean, what--?"
"Shh, just watch," Dean said, pointing to the sky, where colors were starting to burst.
Cas gasped. "Dean, what are they?" he asked as a bright blue and green one popped over their heads. Not that Dean saw. He was staring at Cas the whole time, mesmerized by the wonderment in his face.
Sam was watching his brother was Cas watch the fireworks from afar on a plaid blanket that matched his shirt. He was also fangirling hard over his ship being so close to canon.
Once the fireworks had finished, Dean couldn't handle Cas' disappointment(#myshiiiiiiip), so he brought out the sparklers.
Sparklers are very romantic. Sam soon figured this out. So, he told Dean he was "getting cold" so that he could get in the Impala for "a jacket."
Did I mention that "a jacket" is actually Sam-enese(the language of Moose) for "I'm gonna put on Can't Fight This Feeling and hope your stupid asses realize you're in love."
And so, that's what he did.
Since the field was so close to the bunker, Sam could walk back, and he was good with that, because if this was the night his ship finally sailed the sea, he didn't wanna be third-wheeling. So he started walking.
Dean was now laying down against the hood. Cas was laying down too, tired out from the sparklers.
They were both on their sides, staring into each others eyes. Because what else would they be doing?
Dean noticed a stray hair on Cas' head. He brushed it back behind his ear.
He let his hand rest there.
Remember, Can't Fight This Feeling is playing, thanks to The Moose Lord.
"Dean, I had a great time tonight."
"Me too, Cas."
"Dean," Cas began. "Sam told me about some of your favorite movies."
"Did he now?" Dean had a feeling this would be good.
"Yes, he said your favorite was The Notebook."
"He did? I'm gonna kick his ass."
Cas laughed and smiled and Dean knew he couldn't fight this feeling anymore.
So he kissed the angel. And the angel kissed back.
And it was the best Fourth of July EVER.