
"C'mon, Cas!" the six-year-old yelled.
"Dean, slow down. I can only go so fast."
"Hurry up!" Castiel rolled his eyes at that.
"What's so special about this tree anyways? Why can't we do this on the tree in your backyard?" Castiel asked.
"This tree's special 'cause its at the tippy-top of the hill."
"No, Dean, that's why this trip is so grueling."
"What's 'grueling,' Cas?"
Castiel sighed. "Nothing."
"Ah, we're here, Cassie!" Dean yelled.
"Don't."
"Lighten up, Cas. C'mon, let's do this." Dean took out his pocket knife - or rather, his dad's pocket knife - and stepped up to the special tree.
"Dean, are you sure you are allowed to have that?"
"Sure I am, Cas." He wasn't. John Winchester was currently at the Winchester residence, looking for his beloved pocket knife, while Mary consoled him and said she'd buy him a new one.
Dean carved into the tree.
DW + CN
"There Cas, now everyone who comes up to this tree will know that D and C will be best friends forever."
"I don't think-"
"Shh, Cas. Look at the beauty." They both stared at the tree, Dean in admiration, Castiel in confusion.
"Can we go now?"
"Sure, Cas." They began to trudge down the hill, Dean's arm around Castiel's shoulder, while Castiel spotted a bee and began spewing bee facts in wonderment.
Twenty years later...
"C'mon Dean!" Cas yelled, at least ten feet ahead of Dean.
"Why the hell did we pick this tree as kids?"
"Because," Cas began, "'it's at the tippy-top of the hill!'" he said, in a child-like voice.
"Damn," Dean said, "we were stupid. Why not the tree in my backyard?"
"Mhmm. Now you say that." Dean was just about caught up with Cas by now.
"Shut up, Cassie."
Castiel stopped in his tracks and turned around slowly.
"You did not."
Dean slung his arm around Castiel's shoulders. "Oh, but I did."
"You're lucky I love you, or I would dump your ass on the side of the road," Castiel said.
"Please, you love my ass too much to endanger it."
"It is a pretty nice ass," Castiel admitted.
"Ah, here we are!" Dean shouted.
"Why are you yelling? I'm right here."
"Whatever. Just give me the damn knife, babe."
"Don't hurt yourself," Castiel warned.
"Shut up."
Dean carved a heart around the letters he made twenty years earlier.
Because now, Castiel Novak was Castiel Winchester.