
"Ugh," Castiel sighed as he put his stuff on the top bunk and sat on the floor. "Home sweet home."
Castiel had adjusted arrived at his new college, Lawrence University. (It's actually a very prestigious college, I'll have you know.) He hadn't yet met his roommate, and he hoped that they wouldn't be a total douche. His forms had mentioned that his roommate was named Dean Winchester. Sounds like a douchey name, Castiel had thought.
Cue knock at the door.
"Come in," Castiel said.
The door opened. "Yeah, I was hoping it was okay to enter my own room," a voice said. The voice belonged to a green-eyed boy.
Dean Winchester, Cas assumed. Aaaaaaand I've already made a fool of myself in front of the cute roommate. Yup, that's me. Killing it.
"Uh, are you okay?" Dean asked. "You've been staring at me for a solid three minutes."
Mhmm, definitely me.
"Yes, yeah, I'm fine. So, you're Dean?"
"Uh-huh. Castiel?"
"That's me, yeah."
"Ooh, can I call you--?" Dean's eyes froze in the top bunk. "Is that your stuff?" he asked, pointing.
"Mhmm."
"Not happening," he stated.
"Excuse me?" Cas asked.
"You, on the top. Not happening." (Dean, please, you know Cas is a top.)
"I don't think you can stop it. I've already placed my stuff on top. Therefore, I called it. It's mine," Cas said, standing up.
"I think I can just," Dean went over to the bunk and picked up Cas' stuff, gently placing it on the bottom bunk. "Do that," he finished.
Cas gasped. "Okay. Fine. You want war, Winchester? Well, you got it."
Dean was upset by how aroused he was.
*And now, one week later.*
Castiel had gotten to know Dean and his schedule. The best time to put this plan into action was on Thursday. Dean had football practice, and he often stayed until 8:30 because that's just how he does.
The plan was formed over some period of time, yet it wasn't the greatest plan in history. Oh well, Cas thought. At least I get the top bunk. Cue evil laugh.
So, as soon as class got out, he beelined to their dorm room. What happened next may not shock you.
Cas switched their belongings so he would get the top bunk. Devious, am I right?
The only flaw in this plan is Dean's reaction. He didn't know what Dean would do. All wet from his shower after practice. Maybe he wouldn't kick Cas' ass. That'd be preferable.
*9:02 pm. The dorm room.*
Dean was tired. So tired. He just wanted to lay down in his bed and--
Cas. The little fucker.
What. The. Fuck. Is. He. Doing? Dean thought.
"You know what, fuck it," Dean muttered under his breath.
Dean crawled under the blankets of the top bunk and wrapped his arms around Castiel.
"Now this, this is preferable," Cas muttered sleepily.
"Mmm, whatever," Dean whispered back. "Shut up though, I'm tired."
From that moment on, there was no more fighting over the top bunk. They only slept together, for the rest of their lives.
*A/N
Random bouts of inspiration caused by rpgens.tumblr.com/miniscenario is the most fun one can have.