
"J-Joanna Beth," Dean hiccuped, "I can take m-myself home."
Not that he made such a compelling argument. He was drunk and Jo was currently vomiting in a trashcan. Dean was talking to a mailbox. But, Jo had Dean's keys and that was probably why Dean couldn't find them.
So, he started walking.
"Hey, look, it's my house," he yelled out to no one in particular. Except, it wasn't his house. It was about five blocks away, but it wasn't his house. This was Castiel Novak's house.
Dean didn't have his keys and he kept his door locked, so even I, the narrator, have no idea how he planned on getting in, even if it was his house.
So, Dean just collapsed in the yard of the stranger's house. Normal day, you know, went to a bar with Jo, got shitfaced, and laid down in someone else's yard.
Castiel heard noises because he wasn't asleep. Every night is the perfect night to read til 3 am. Anyways, he looked out his window.
"What. The. Fuck?" he asked. "Who the hell is that? Why are they in my yard? What?"
To investigate the matters further, Castiel walked outside to the middle of his yard, where the stranger was.
Dean was mumbling drunkenly in his sleep.
Great first impression, bro.
Castiel stared at the man. He was (really attractive) record-breaking-ly drunk.
Also, he was mumbling about something that sounded strangely like "cactus dildo."
This, obviously, was the deciding factor.
Castiel would take this man, the one who was now semi-singing Taylor Swift's greatest hits, and he would give him a place for the night.
So Castiel poked and prodded til the man reacted to him and told him to follow.
Thankfully, Dean listened. He was awfully obedient (*wink wink*) while intoxicated.
Cas laid him down on his living room couch. Dean took this as the time to comment on Castiel.
"Hey, hey, what's your name?" Dean asked, grabbing Cas' hand as he attempted to leave.
"Castiel."
"Well, Ca- Cast- Cas--"
"Let's just... Cas, okay?" Castiel said, noting Dean's drunken difficulties.
Dean cleared his throat. "Well, Cas. I don't know you. I'm in your house. I don't know how I got here. I can only assume I'm here for sex, so..."
"Jesus Christ."
"No, I'm Dean."
So, his name was Dean. "Dean. Go to sleep."
"Okay, Cas."
The next morning, despite Cas' efforts to cook quietly, Dean woke to the sound of bacon cooking. The smell was also enticing, but you know, extreme hangover, so sound was loud and bad.
"Ugggggggggggggggh," said (if you can counted that as a word) Dean as he walked towards the sound/smell, as he had no idea where he was.
"Oh. Hello, Dean," Cas greeted as he removed the bacon from the hot pan.
"Uh..." Dean moaned as he sat at the chair at the bar.
"I don't expect you to remember my name. You were so drunk, you couldn't pronounce my real name. Castiel, Cas for short," Cas supplied.