
Then the wedding pictures.
Then the wedding night (wink wink).
Then the next morning.
Cas woke up first. He was cuddled into Dean's side and he couldn't remember last night, but he knew it must have been awesome if this was how he woke up.
Then he noticed the ring on his finger. Weird. That hadn't been there before.
Wait.
Ring?
Dean? In the same bed as him?
Cuddling him???
Oh. My. God.
Cas ran to Dean to check his left hand ring finger.
There it was, gleaming in the morning light.
Cas screamed.
Dean obviously heard him and woke up instantly.
"What is your problem?" he asked.
Cas held up both their hands, still screaming.
Dean finally realized the situation.
He also started screaming.
A woman came in to check on them.
"Are you alright, lovebirds?" she asked.
Cas read her nametag.
Meg.
"Okay, Meg. We need your help. What happened last night?"
"Sorry, Clarence, can't give you the full story."
"My name isn't Clarence, its Castiel," Cas corrected.
"Oh, please, the entire hotel knows that by now, with how much he was screaming it," Meg said, gesturing to Dean.
"Oh, so that's why I'm sore," Dean said, puzzling things in his brain out loud.
"Meg, where can we get the full story?" Cas asked.
"Well, all I can tell you is the last part, but I'd start at the casino. Or the bar," she suggested.
So, they went to the bar. The bartender's name was Bela, and she gave the first part(which was as simple as "You got drunk. Very drunk.") and suggested they talk to the man that gave them the money, Garth.
They talked to Garth. He told the part where they confessed their love. Also, he got to tell them about the dice roll.
"Oh," Cas said."Oh," Dean said also.
Did I mention that Garth had memorized exactly what they said because he thought it was so sweet? He did.
"Well, Cas, you know, they are stupidly blue," Dean admitted.
"Dean, what I said might've been true, but that doesn't mean I won't hurt you."
"Understood. Wait, what? You meant what you said? You really love me?" Dean asked.
"Fucking duh, Dean. I love every annoying piece of you. Especially your eyes. Also, your lips are probably fun to kiss."
"Well, let's see if they are," Dean suggested.
So they made out again. It was just like their first kiss, they should've suffocated and didn't.
"Right," Garth said, bringing them back to reality, "the wedding chapel. If it were my guess, I'd say Sam married you."