
"AMBUUUUUUSH!" Mary yelled as they all piled on top of their fathers.
"Okay, okay, we give!" shouted Dean as the kids, one by one, jumped off the bed.
"Now, guys, there's something we have to tell you," Cas said."Your Uncle Sam will be taking care of you today."
As Anna and Gabriel shouted with glee, Mary went into questioning mode.
"Why? Do you want us gone? Why don't you take care of us, you always do. Is there something going on today? Did you cross the wrong mobster? Are you gonna get killed?"
"Mary!" Dean said, ending the interrogation. "Today's our four year wedding anniversary."
"Ohhh. Oh. OH. Ew."
"Oh, shush."
Then they heard a doorbell.
"He's here? Already?" Cas asked.
"The man works fast," Dean replied.
They sent Mary and Anna to get dressed, while Cas took Gabriel to get him ready, and Dean got the door.
"Sammy!"
"Hey Dean."
"The kids aren't ready yet, they just woke up."
"Okay, and Cas is?"
"Getting Gabe version baby ready."
"Okay, so everyone's alive?"
"Of course, Sammy, you think I can't hold down my own fort? I totally got this apple pie thing down."
"Aw, you love it."
"Shut up."
Mary and Anna ran down the stairs while Dean shouted "Careful!" at them and Sam smirked.
"UNCLE SAMMY!"
"YAY!"
"Okay, I'm gonna go get my husband and third child." Dean only said "husband and third child" because he loved the sound of it. Dean Winchester, married to Castiel Winchester, father of three.
"Hey," he said as soon as he got to Gabriel's room. "Is he ready?"
He noticed that Cas was crying.
"Hey," he said. "What's up?"
"I-I just can't believe it."
"What?"
"That-that we've actually made it this far. Castiel Winchester, married to Dean Winchester, father of three." He added, "I heard your thoughts, it's just, they were so loud and full of pride."
"That's because I'm proud. Proud to love you, proud to have married you, proud to be father of three."
"I love you. Dean. I really love you."
"I love you too, Honeybee."
He wiped his husband's tears away and gave him a long, meaningful kiss.
And, of course, the moose walks in on them.
"Oh, um, I-I was just wondering what was, um, taking so long... But, uh, I'll just... I'll take the, um, I'll take Gabe."
"Sam, stop being awkward and take the damn toddler so I can have shower sex with my husband." I bet you could guess who said that.
After they had kissed their kids goodbye, Dean grabbed his Castiel's hand and started leading him up the stairs.