
(Dean POV) I'm basically sprinting out of the Starbucks. I only had ten minutes to get to my class, which was about fifteen minutes away from here, walking distance. In my rush, I don't see anyone in front of me. Until I accidentally knock them over. We both go down with a thud, my coffee cup still in my hand, not spilled. Thank god, I would have been so pissed if I spilled it. I need my coffee in the mornings, otherwise, I don't stay awake the whole class. Wait, I ran into someone! I look and see a guy slumped over like I am. Oh gosh, I hope I didn't hurt him! I stand up and go to help him up. "Hey, I'm so sorry that I ran into you! You need help?" I extend my hand to help him. He opens and eyes and...oh my gosh, they are the bluest eyes I have ever seen. They are as blue as the Mediterranean Ocean, as blue as Sapphires. My heart beats like crazy, a do can feel myself fall in love already. I'm lost in his eyes.....then I hear a honk. Oh shit, we're in the middle of the road. I pull him up, and get us off the street. "Merci, merci!" He says, smiling at me. Wait...is he speaking French?"Oh my gosh, Castiel!" A girl with dark brown hair, and blue eyes (though not as blue as the guy's) comes and rushes to his side. They both start speaking to each other hurriedly in French. "Umm" I say awkwardly. I literally have no idea what's going on. "Oh dear, I'm sorry! This is my friend, and I've been helping him around! I ran ahead because I saw my friend, and I guess he didn't run after me! I'm so sorry about all of this!" She says hurriedly."No, it's my fault that this all happened! I was running to go make a class, but I didn't look up, so I ran into him, and we somehow got into the street." I say, trying to spark a conversation. I really wanted to know this guy, Castiel, more. "It's not a problem! I would talk more, but we have a class to get to ourselves! Here," she rummages in her purse, pulling out her cell phone, "is it okay if I can get your number?" "No problem!" I type in my number in her phone, and she types in hers in mine. "Thanks! I'll talk to you soon..Dean!" They both walk off, talking in French with each other. I'm already late to class, so I take a seat at a table where one of my friends is. Her names Charlie, and her major is art. "Hey Charlie, what's happening?" I ask her, taking a sip of my coffee."Dean? Don't you have a class to go to?""I'm already really late, might as well just not go and call in sick." She gives me a disapproving look, but talks about what she's working on for art. It's intriguing, but I've never been an artsy guy. Castiel, the guy with the blue eyes, is still on my mind. I've never felt a feeling like that before. He was like the Juliet to my Romeo. "Charlie...do you know a guy named Castiel here?""Yeah, I know Castiel, we both have the same major! He sits near me sometimes with Hannah, his translator!" Hannah was the name of the girl from earlier."Wait..translator?""Yeah, he doesn't speak any English, and Hannah's fluent! She's always around him and helping him.""Why doesn't she help him learn English?" She shrugs her shoulders."Don't know. I guess he just hasn't found the right teacher."Just my luck. I fall in love with a guy I hardly know who doesn't speak English.
First Chapter! :) Hope you guys like the idea, this is based of the song Michelle by the Beatles.