
A/N: GUYS GUYS I KNOW IT WAS YESTERDAY BUT YAY GAY MARRIAGE EVERYWHERE (this is so much better than when Macklemore accepted me) so celebratory proposal one-shot!
"I don't know, Dean," the young Castiel said, "what if someone takes them?"
"They won't, Cas," Dean answered, "because it would be a crime. You're not allowed to steal stuff. Plus, no one else comes out to this dumb old tree anyways."
The tree he was speaking about was their favorite tree. It was a weeping willow, and it was far from either of the boys' houses. They walked there together everyday, rain or shine. There was one bench underneath the tree's long branches. It was almost as old as Cas' father.
"You promise?" Cas asked.
"Promise."
"Okay," Cas relented.
The thing he was agreeing to was a marriage. Between two stuffed animals. (Hey, we were all five once, right?)
It was the marriage of Castiel Bunny-of-the-Lord (Dean's bunny) and Princess Dean Winchester (Castiel's bear).
Castiel acted as a officiant/Bunny Cas' voice, and Dean as ring bearer/Princess Dean's voice.
"Do you, Castiel Bunny-of-the-Lord, take Princess Dean Winchester as your lawfully - sorta - husband?" Cas asked the bunny. In a deeper voice, he replied to his own question. "I do."
Dean whispered to him, "Dude, what's with the voice?"
"That's how he talks," Cas answered.
"Oh," Dean replied. "Okay, go on."
"Do you, Princess Dean Winchester, take Castiel Bunny-of-the-Lord as your almost-lawfully husband?"
Dean replied in a voice equally as deep as Bunny Cas'. "I do."
"I now pronounce you bunny and bear!" Cas shouted. "You may now hug the other groom."
The two boys made the stuffed animals hug.
"Now we gotta leave 'em here," Dean said, "so they can be happy."
"And you're completely sure no one will take them?" Cas asked once again.
"Yes, Cas. I'm sure. They'll be here tomorrow, I promise." So the boys left Princess Dean and Bunny Cas on the bench underneath their weeping willow.
~*~
But the next day, the two stuffed animals were gone.
Cas was upset, but ultimately forgave Dean, because... well because Dean proposed to him.
With a mood ring, but ring nonetheless.
"Castiel Bu- no. Castiel Novak. Will you marry me?"
"Of course, Dean. But we have to wait."
Dean groaned. "Waaaaait?" he whined. "How long?"
"Til we're grownups."
"Whaaaat? Whyyyy?"
"Because, Dean," Cas explained, "I'm the only child marrier-person in the town. And I can't marry myself."
"Why?"
"Because that's just tacky."
"Okay, fine. We get married when we're grown up. But only if you get me a Ring Pop."
"Deal."
~*~
TWENTYYEARSLATER...