
You know, life would be a lot more boring if it hadn't been for the radio station.
Sam and Dean owned a radio station together. Station 67.3. Obviously, it was classic rock only.
One day, Sam realized that they needed more help around the station. So he hired a guy. That shouldn't have been a big deal.
Except this guy. This guy was perfect. He knew exactly what to play, and when to play it. He was fast, and he had an amazing voice. All radio people have great voices. He had a great personality and the amount of people who listened went up 60 percent.
Not to mention his face.
This guy's name was Castiel Novak.
Dean and Castiel usually did a talk show together for two hours in the morning.
After a while, one year and three days, to be exact, Dean realized, "Shit. I totally love him. Shit. Shit. Fucking shit, shit."
And Dean said he was not a sissy.
He was gonna own up.
Go Dean!
"Hey Cas," Dean asked one day, after they had finished the second hour of their show and had some Led Zepplin playing in their absence.
"Yeah, Dean?" he answered, taking a sip of his water bottle.
"You ever hear about the split-apart theory?" Dean asked.
"You mean, the Plato guy? The one who thought we were all supposed to be one human, four legs, four arms, two heads?"
"Yeah, that's it."
"What about it?"
"Well, do you think someone's split-apart could be an angel?" Dean asked Castiel.
"Um... I guess so. Why do you ask?"
"Because with a face like that, you could only be from heaven." Dean Winchester, Pick-Up Line Master.
From that moment on, Dean and Cas were in a relationship. But the story doesn't end there, nope, that's lame. Worst ending ever.
~*~
THREE YEARSTHREE MONTHSSIX DAYSLATER...
The station is still going strong.
As is Dean and Cas' relationship.
Now, at this moment in time, the Dean/Cas talk segment is almost over. Five minutes left.
"Now, Cas," Dean began. "I have a question for you before we end the show."
Cas cocked his head to the side and squinted in the adorable way that he did. "What is it, Dean?"
"So, I've known you since... forever, right?"
"Depends. Is forever four years, three months, and nine days ago?"
"Shut up. Let me ask my question."
"Didn't you just ask a question?" Castiel laughed.
"Cas! Would you just..?" Dean asked, slightly frustrated. Cas was a handful sometimes.
"Okay, okay. Shoot."
"Alright. Well, you know I love you, right?"
Cas blushed darkly. "Yes. I love you too. Also, that was another question." Dean glared at him.
"Well, Castiel James Novak." Dean said, now holding a silver ring he pulled from his pocket. "My real question is, 'Will you marry me?'"