
Dean woke up to a hula hoop on his stomach, due to his sleeping position. He checked the time. 7:19. He also noticed Castiel in the corner.
"Cas. What is this?" He asked, lifting the hoop slightly. He noticed its colors were blue and green.
"A ring." Cas replied.
"A ring?" Dean asked.
"Well, a wise lady once told me through the radio that if I like it, it being you, Dean, then I should put a ring on it."
Dean sighed.
"Cas. It's 7 in the morning. I don't have time for this shit."
"Actually, Dean, it is precisely 7:21."
"Cas," Dean said wearily. "Was this lady singing the advice?"
"Yes. She had a beautiful voice, Dean."
"Of course she did. Look, Cas, I just wanna sleep."
"I'm sorry, Dean. I just thought you should know I like you," he said apologetically.
"Well, I like you too, Cas, you're my best friend, but that doesn't mean you should go putting hula hoops on me."
"I found the nearest large circular item that was sufficient enough for the situation at hand."
"Cas--" Dean started, but he was cut off by further explanation.
"Dean, I felt you should know I really like you."
"Cas, like I said, you're my best fr--!"
Suddenly, Cas' lips were on his and he didn't get to finish.
Surprisingly, it took Dean's brain quite a long time to compute.
Lips? Kiss? Cas? The angel? Hula hoop? Ring? Beyonce???
Finally, he had decided this was the real life, and his brain was very happy. Who wouldn't be? Well, maybe if you weren't Dean, because he was in love with Cas(a simple fact, not too hard to understand).
Castiel, angel of the damn Lord, was kissing Dean Winchester, the righteous man.
And Cas tasted like honey and vanilla.
After what seemed like hours to them, but was only minutes in reality, they broke apart.
"Well, I owe Beyonce majorly." Dean said, as it was the only thing that came to mind except "Wow," and that was the lamest thing to say after a kiss, ever.
"Who?" Cas asked.
"You'll learn eventually."
At the wedding years later, (because obviously, there was a wedding), the cake tasted of honey and vanilla, just like Cas, and the song the newlyweds danced to as the First Dance as a married couple?
I'm sure you can guess.