
Dean's heart dropped as he read the note he had to give to his parents, saying he had to get a tutor.
The paper also said he would be tutored on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays by some nerd named Castiel. What the hell kind of name is that, Dean thought, were his parents drunk when they named their kids?
Once Dean had been given a very stern lecture from his mother, and she had signed the paper, Dean very grudgingly turned the paper into his math teacher the next morning.
"I think Castiel will help you, Dean, he's my best student."
"Okay, Mrs. Masters."
Dean then went to the library, waiting for this Castiel kid. He told the librarian, Mr. Singer, to tell a kid named Castiel he was there, if the question were asked.
"'Kay, kid," gruffed out Mr. Singer, promptly returning to his book, Lazarus Rising by Carver Edlund.
Dean sat for three minutes before he decided it would be a good time to catch up on his reading, as this was a library.
Not that he'd ever admit he was gay for Harry Potter.
After another ten minutes, a kid walked into the library.
But Dean quickly realized this wasn't just any kid.
He had dark hair and piercing blue eyes, not to mention the motherfucking Harry Potter shirt he was wearing, with the words "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good" on the front and "Mischief managed" on the back.
In this quick evaluation of this awesome looking kid, he had but two thoughts.
1) "Damn, he's hot." 2) "Please, please, please, be my tutor, please, please, please."
And much to his internal pleading's pleasure, this was indeed Castiel.
After three minutes into this tutoring, Dean was already calling him Cas.
Castiel didn't mind. After all, his brother, Gabriel called him "Ass-tiel," so he was glad to have a good nickname.
Days, weeks, months passed by. Dean was getting A after A after A.
Mrs. Masters and his own mother had cleared him of having to do it anymore, but Dean refused to stop.
"Can't have those grades dropping, can we?"
Castiel, on the other hand, had gotten his first ever B. The weird part was he wasn't even sad. Really, all he could think about was Dean.
His hair that Cas wanted to run his hands through every day, his eyes, his absolutely beautiful candy apple green eyes, his soft pink lips that Cas just wanted to kiss all d--
Stop that, he scolded himself. He's your best friend. That would never happen.
Then one day, that fateful day.
Castiel and Dean were sitting alone in the library, as Mr. Singer trusted them enough to leave them to watch over the library while he went to lunch(his lunch, as they observed together, lasted an average of 30.9868567 minutes).
Castiel noticed that, whenever Mr. Singer left, Dean sat on the table. He always sat on the table.
He had a strange feeling in his stomach. A feeling that meant he had felt compelled to do something bad.
Cas had to break a rule, any rule, all the rules.
He crawled onto the table and sat.
"Oh, look at you, Mister Rulebreaker. Am I rubbing off on y--?"