
"Mary Ellen Winchester," Dean smiled as he said the name.
Cas let Dean name the child they were to adopt in a couple months. Mary Ellen is what he chose, naming the girl after two important women in his life.
"Mary Ellen Winchester," Cas repeated him, making Dean smile wider. "I love it."
"Cas, I feel like we should start shopping for her. Like soon," Dean told Cas.
"Of course, Dean, first thing tomorrow morning," Cas said.
"I don't know if it'll be the first thing," Dean said to his husband with a wink.
"Dean," Cas said warningly, in a way that made Dean laugh.
They were so in love.
So the next morning, they went to the store that was built especially for new parents shopping for their children. It was called Eighteen Years.
Cas entered the store with wonder written all over his face. Dean was mesmerized with Cas. His amazing face lightened at everything in the store.
"Dean, look, we have to get these for her," Cas said, holding many outfits.
Dean agreed just because it made him happy.
"Dean, look at this. We have to get this." This time, he was holding a mobile. It was full of frolicking sheep and shining stars.
Dean agreed this time because it was all he could do to keep from jumping on him right there in the store.
"Dean," Cas said, for the third time that trip, "look. This is perfect for her."
He held a pink and purple striped stroller in his hands, a complete and total eye-sore.
"Cas, we need to get out of this store before you use more mind control on me," Dean said seriously.
"Dean, I don't understa--"
Dean cut him off with a soft kiss to the lips.
"Can we buy the stuff so we can go home and I can strip off your clothes?" Dean asked.
Cas thought.
"Only if we can buy this..." he paused, reading the box. "Stroller," he finished.
"Whatever you want, angel," Dean said, knowing he would regret letting him get the stroller later, but not caring.
So they bought the stroller.
So they went home.
So Dean got to rip off Cas' clothes.
And then, a few months later, Dean held their daughter in his hands. And Cas looked at the stroller he had purchased before.
"Dean," he whispered, noting the baby falling asleep in his husband's arms, "why the hell did you let me buy this stroller? It's so ugly."
"I wanted to sleep with you. You're very attractive, you know," Dean replied, also whispering.
Castiel laughed.
"I love you, my angel."
"I love you, my hunter."