
"So," Castiel asked. "What do you do for a living?"
"I murder people," the brown-haired girl, Meg, said.
"What?"
"Just kidding. I'm a surgeon. Although, sometimes, people die on my table," she said with a malicious glint in her eye.
Castiel laughed nervously.
Yup, this was definitely the worst date of his life.
"Well, uh, excuse me, I have to use the restroom." Castiel smiled uncomfortably, but Meg didn't notice, probably too enamored with his hypnotic blue eyes.
"Get back soon, sweet cheeks."
Oh god.
"I have to get out of here, I have to get out," Castiel whispered to himself, pacing the bathroom floor.
Then he spotted the window.
"Aha!" he cried. "That's it!"
But, as he realized when he tried to get out, Castiel was much too short to reach the window, even at 6 feet.
Then, salvation walked through the door.
In other words, Dean Winchester had to pee.
"Oh, thank god!" Castiel yelled.
"Uh, no, I'm just Dean. We do get confused often though, so don't feel bad."
"Look, I'm on a date with this really creepy person, so can you help me out this window?"
"Woah, hold up," Dean said. "I don't even know your name.
"Hi, I'm Castiel. You said you were Dean. Now we're on a first name basis. Help me out this goddamned window."
Dean sighed. "Can't argue with that logic, can I?"
"Exactly!" Cas exclaimed.
Five minutes later, Cas was nearly out the window.
"You know, Cas," Dean said, voice strained, "you're really heavy."
"Shut it. I can smell freedom."
With that, Cas clambered out the window, free of murdering surgeons.
"Hey Cas!" Dean called out the open window.
"Yeah, Dean?"
"You know, I was here on a date. It sucked. I'm climbing out too."
"Awesome."
Dean climbed out too, not needing any help out because of that inch he had on Cas. Or maybe it was Cas helping him from outside. Either way, he was out.
"Cas, we just met, and I've already touched your ass. I don't think any girl has done that for me."
They laughed together.
"Meeting you was the most fun I've had all night. I can't let you go without my number," Cas said, batting his eyes innocently.
"I'd love your number, angel eyes."
Cas blushed, writing his number on Dean's arm. "I bet you say that to all men you help out bathroom windows,Dean."
"Only ones with asses like yours."
It wasn't long til Dean took Castiel on a date (It also wasn't long til he got to touch the booty again). And this time, Cas didn't climb out the window. He climbed into Dean's arms at the end of the night and kissed his lips.