
Dean and Castiel sat handcuffed together in a warehouse.
You're probably wondering why.
Sam, Dean, and Cas we're hunting a shifter together - he was shifting into victims' dead loved ones and killing them - a total dick.
All was well until the shifter captured Dean and Cas, handcuffed them, tied them to a pole, and left. Sam didn't even know where they were.
The shifter came back, eventually. But not until Dean and Cas bickered about the handcuffs. And I mean, on and on and on. "Cas why can't you just poof out?" "I told you already, Dean, they're aNGEL PROOF!" "You don't have to yell!" "You're nOT LISTENING!"
Etc.
Sam finally showed up, after about five minutes of taunting from the shifter. It wasn't even hard to kill it. Just walk in, stab, untie your brother and his angel, walk out, with your fabulous hair flowing in the wind. Like a boss.
"Wait, Sammy!" Dean called.
"What?"
Dean lifted his hand, bringing Cas' with it. "Where are the keys?"
Sam had actually spotted the keys a long time ago, on an old desk that was burnt to a crisp. "I don't know, Dean!" Not that he'd miss a chance to see this.
"Great. Just... great."
"I don't see how this is 'great', Dean," Cas said with complementary air quotes.
"It's..." Dean sighed. "Nothing."
Sam smiled to himself. Oh yes, this would be fantastic.
That meals were a nightmare. Dean could barely eat, the way he wanted to, anyway. It's no fun bringing someone's hand up to your mouth.
The bathroom breaks were so awkward. So, so awkward. Cas doesn't "urinate," as he put it. But Dean does. Basically, while he peed, Cas' hand was about seven inches from his dick. So there was that.
The nights were uncomfortable. Cas didn't sleep, and Dean knew he'd be watching him the entire time. They "slept" (if you can call it that) with their hands at their sides.
"Cas, I can't sleep when I can feel your eyes watching me," Dean said as he turned over towards Castiel.
"Dean, I watch over you every night."
"What?"
"Nothing."
"Ugh," Dean groaned. A thought occured to him. "Cas, can you sleep?"
"Technically, yes."
"Then sleep," Dean said, hoping the world would finally allow him to sleep.
"Dean, I, uh, I don't... know how."
"To sleep?" Dean asked incredulously.
"Yes. How do I do that?"
"You just... " Dean sighed. How do you explain sleeping to an angel?  "Close your eyes. And it sorta just happens?" Dean finished lamely.
"It happens? Just like that?"
"Well, after a certain amount of time, I guess."
So Cas laid there. He closed his eyes. Nothing happened. Dean knew nothing happened because he kept sneaking peeks at Cas.
"Cas, you're not sleeping."
"Dean. I don't know how."
"I bet if I knocked you out you'd--"