
"C'mon, sweetheart, follow me."
Castiel knew he probably shouldn't, but it was a party and this Meg girl was pretty. And this party was loud and annoying. Did I mention Castiel hates parties? Well, he does.
Plus, he'd do anything to take his mind off Dean.
Dean Winchester. Best friend of Castiel Novak since they were six years old. Older brother to Sam Winchester. Capitan of the football team, and what have you.
But also so much more.
Castiel was constantly thinking of Dean, nothing could stop it. Nothing that he'd tried, anyway. So maybe Meg could do something. Anything.
So Cas took another hard swig of his beer, and followed Meg up the stairs.
"So, uh... what was your name again?" Meg asked, sounding intoxicated, leading Castiel into a room with tacky crimson and chartreuse carpet.
"My name is Castiel."
"Well, that's a mouthful," Meg replied, tilting her head slightly and smiling.
"I find it quite easy to say," Castiel replied, not quite catching on to her flirting. He was thinking about how Dean called him Cas. Damn. Meg wasn't working too well.
Meg sighed and put her lips on Castiel's.
He was surprised by how... wrong it felt. Not that Meg was a bad kisser, far from it, in fact. But he felt as though he was kissing the wrong person.
Then, all the sudden, it came to him.
Dean.
He should be kissing Dean.
He broke the kiss, leaving Meg smiling. "I'm afraid I must leave," Cas told her absent-mindedly, thinking of the quickest way to get to Dean's.
"Okay," she said, sounding slightly defeated. As Cas was walking out the door, onto hardwood floor instead of soft-yet-horrendous carpet, she said, "And Castiel?" She didn't sound drunk at all.
"Yes?"
"Go get 'em, tiger." And at Castiel's surprised face, she added, "You, uh, you muttered 'Dean' when we were kissing. Not to mention, I've seen how you look at him, at school? In the mall? Practically everywhere? He looks at you the same way. Like you're his whole world." She got up and gave him a reassuring shoulder pat. "So, uh, go get 'em, tiger."
"Thanks, Meg."
And so, he got a ride from his older sister, Anna, to Dean's house. Once there, he knocked on the door. Sam answered.
"Hey, Cas."
"Hiya, Cassie," rang a familiar voice.
"Gabriel? What are you doing here?"
"Well, your boytoy's brother is my study buddy," he replied with a smirk (and a slap to Sam's ass, but we're focused on Dean and Cas.)
"Deeeee-eeeean!" Gabriel singsonged. "Your boyfriend's here!"
"Hah, he wishes," Sam muttered, but Cas didn't hear.
"Shut up, Gabriel!" was the somewhat muffled reply from upstairs.
There was a loud clatter, and then stumbling, and another clatter, and finally, Dean showed up at the door.
"Uh, hey Cas."
"Hello, Dean."
"Sammy, go take your boyfriend upstairs."
"Hah! He wishes!" Gabriel yelled in amusement.