
Castiel gasped. "I can't believe someone would DO that to you."
"Yeah, well," Dean chimed in, "34,000 books aren't the cheapest thing in the world."
"You know," Castiel said, "I own this place. I could lower the prices. But, I don't know, you'd have to be preeeeetty hot for me to do that."
And without skipping a beat, Dean said, "I'd lower my prices for you."
After a painfully awkward moment, Sam was exasperated.
"Jesus, Dean, just go fuck the hot bookstore owner in the back of the store, you don't need my permission."
"Sammy! I-I-I wouldn't, uh, I mean, I would, I definitely would, but, um, GODDAMMIT SAM! FUCKING FUCK OFF!"
"REVENGE IS SWEET!" Sam exclaimed, and ran off.
"Uh, if it's any consolation..." Castiel said, "it would be my pleasure to, uh, 'fuck you in the back of the store,' as your brother put it so delicately."
"Thanks, Cas. Oh, uh, do you mind if I call you Cas?"
"Not at all, Dean. Would you mind if I gave you my number and told you to meet me in the back in, say, five minutes?"
"Um, uh, n-not-not-not at all."
Dean found Sam hiding in the Erotica section, making out with a boy Dean recognized him to be the Gabriel kid Sam had talked about nonstop since he met him at the beginning of the schoolyear and had even invited him over a couple times.
"Oh," Dean said smoothly, making them break apart. Sam's head whipped around so fast, Dean thought he belonged in The Exorcist."I see how it is. You tell me to fuck a hot gut in the back, while you make out with someone in the Fifty Shades of Puking Myself to Death section."
"Dean, I was just, um--"
"Making out with your bestie? Yeah, I got that. Anyways," Dean said, changing the topic, "if you needed to, uh, could you walk yourself home? Hey, your buddy there could go with you."
"You're gonna go fuck his older brother in the back, so why not?"
"Oh, his older brother?"
"Yeah, Dean, I sorta just said that."
"Well, Gabriel," Dean said, turning to the bright red child, "your brother's hot."
"Dean!"
"Revenge is sweet, Sammy. Go home, I'll bring you your books."
"Fiiiiiiine."
"Bye, Sammy."
"'Bye, Sammy,'" Sam mocked him in a low voice.
Five minutes had just about passed.
Dean had a wonderful time at the Books and Scrolls bookstore, and he would recommend. He met his husband there.
*A/N
ALL OF YOU, GO READ I'LL GIVE YOU THE SUN. IT'S BY JANDY NELSON. (It's also wonderfully gay.) WHY SIT HERE AND READ MY SLOP WHEN YOU CAN READ THAT MASTERPIECE? GO, GO NOW.