
Castiel Novak's foolproof plan for life was simple - go to school, get good grades, be healthy, get a high paying job, marry a girl (yes, he actually planned a for a female), have kids, retire, and die peacefully.
He definitely did not account for Dean Winchester.
Castiel didn't plan to meet the love of his life by running into him (ha, marry a girl! Gets me every time) and pouring a blue raspberry slushie down his (it's still funny) shirt.
But that's how it happened.
Castiel Novak did not plan to be best friends with this Dean Winchester - hell, he didn't plan to be acquaintances - and he certainly didn't plan on going on a date with him after two years of friendship.
But that's how it happened.
Castiel didn't plan on having his boyfriend go to the same college as him - hey, Dean volunteered! And if Castiel loved the fact that he did that, that he wouldn't have to be away from Dean, well, no one was the wiser.
But that's how it happened.
Castiel didn't plan on telling Dean Winchester he loved him - for the first time - while he was throwing up in a gas station bathroom.
But that's how it happened.
Castiel didn't plan to bring a guy to meet his parents. He didn't even think he'd be in this situation til he realized his "foolproof" plan had some flaws, and that there was no way he was marrying a girl.
But that's how it happened.
He didn't know they'd be super cool about it, or that they'd accept Dean as one of their own, essentially.
But they were.
He didn't plan on Dean meeting all the Novak children - Michael, Lucifer, Anna, Naomi, Balthazar, and Gabriel (a lot of freaking children) - on the same night he met Chuck and Becky.
But that's what happened.
He didn't plan on bringing Dean back home with a black eye (courtesy of Micheal, the asshole, and Naomi, the birch who egged him on) and a sucker (from Gabe) in his mouth. (His mouth tasted like cherries that night.)
But that's how it happened.
He didn't plan on moving in with Dean after he got his teaching degree.
He didn't plan on the mornings when one woke up, they would make breakfast for the other.
He didn't plan on baking cookies (and pie) every weekend (the pie was once a month), or the flour wars that came with them.
He didn't plan on pillow fights, or Doctor Who marathons, or throwing popcorn at each other.
He didn't plan on going as Batman and Superman on Halloween. He certainly didn't plan on those kids seeing when the two superheroes were making out. (Whoops. Sorry young kids dressed as Elsa, Elsa, a cowboy, Elsa, a fireman, Elsa, Batman, Elsa, and Elsa.)
He didn't plan on consoling his boyfriend after he finally finished The Deathly Hallows. (Cas had to plead for him to read it, and Dean loved every second of it. Asshat.)
But that's how it all happened.
He didn't plan on setting up Gabriel with Dean's little brother.
But he did.
He didn't plan on proposing to Dean.
But he did.
He did, however, plan their wedding, though that wasn't part of the "foolproof plan."
He didn't plan on having three children with Dean Winchester either.
Castiel Novak didn't plan on falling in love with Dean Winchester.
But he did anyways.

*A/N
*gasp*aN uPdAtE?!?!?!?! YaaaaAAAAAAAAy!