
Honestly, Dean just wanted to know if his best friend was going to prom.
I mean, he organized most of it - why the hell would he not?
Oh, Dean thought. That's right. The whole date thing.
So brought the ever-frustrating question, Does Cas have a date to prom? And, not that Dean would ever admit it, but a second question lay in the back of his mind. If he does, why isn't it me?
All he had to do was ask, really. So he did.
It was after school, and Cas was sitting on his favorite bench in the park, rereading - for the millionth time, probably - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
"I don't see why you keep reading that, Cas," Dean said, walking up to the bench. "You cry every time."
"I do not cry. I-I, um, it just, it rains on my face!"
"Yeah, okay," said Dean with a chuckle.
"It does!" Cas yelled defensively.
"Anyways, Cas," Dean said, changing the subject, "I got a question."
"Yes, Dean?"
"I was, uh, wondering," Dean began, "are you going to prom?"
Cas' face fell and he looked sad, and said, "No, Dean, I'm-I'm not."
Damn Cas and his stupid, sad, beautiful eyes.
"Well, would you want to go with me?" Dean asked. Cas smiled. "As friends, of course." Stupid, stupid, stupid. Dean noted the way Cas' face fell a fraction of an inch.
"Of course, Dean. I'd love to."
One week later...
Dean was downing the punch like no tomorrow.
Unfortunately, it hadn't been spiked.
Cas was on the dance floor, dancing with Charlie and Jo to Shake It Off.
Dean could barely handle how hot he looked in his tux. With his stupid blue tie that brought out his stupid blue eyes. And his stupid messy hair that looked like he just rolled out of bed, completely contrasting with his fancy outfit. And his smile - oh, his smile - it could put Disney princesses to shame.
But Dean totally didn't notice that.
Then, the inevitable.
Now that she's back in the atmosphere
Cas, who was now standing next to Dean, gasped dramatically.
With drops of Jupiter in her hair, hey, hey, hey
"Dean. We HAVE to dance to this."
"Cas-"
"WE HAVE TO."
"Fine."
She acts like summer and walks like rain
Oddly enough, Dean and Castiel began to slow dance. Everyone started to stare and cleared the floor, letting them have their space.
Not that either of them noticed.
Reminds me that there's a time to change, hey, hey, hey
Dean's arms were around Cas' waist, and he could hardly focus. So, he whisper-asks him, "You having fun, Cas?"
"More than you could imagine."
Since the return from her stay on the moon