
Dean and Cas were best friends since the beginning of time.
So what if they get married at five years old, Gabriel thought, and its none of Michael's business anyway.
Castiel, Gabriel's five year old brother, had asked him to "mawwy" him and Dean.
Of course, it wouldn't be legal, but they were kids, and they wouldn't want it legal when they grew up.
And that brings us to the make-shift runway in the backyard.
Dean was standing at the end of it, dressed on normal clothes, except the bowtie Cas had insisted they both wear, because "bowwyties are cwool."Gabriel laughed at Castiel's overuse of the letter W.
Cas was hiding behind a tree, waiting for his cue, that being The Wedding March playing loudly from Gabriel's phone, though it was only loud to piss off Michael, who thought it was "unnatural" and "Castiel was going to hell for something he wasn't aware he was doing." Gabriel's insides boiled thinking about it, so he focused on the wedding.
Gabriel pushed play, scrambled to put his phone on not of the tables filled with stuffed animal guests, and ran over to the screeching Castiel, who was yelling things like "GABWIEL!" and "YOU'RE WUINING MY WEDDING, GABWIEL!"
Gabriel took Cas' hand and and slowly walked him down the aisle.
After that, Gabriel switched to his position of priest.
Dean and Cas had even written their own vows. They were so sweet, and Michael was a dick.
After Dean had promised to "protect my Cas and stuff" and Cas had promised to "watch ovwr your Dean gween eyes," Gabriel had them exchange rings.
Well, they were rings, technically. Mood rings. Both of them beamed when the rings turned red on contact with each other, which, according to the color guide, meant in love.
Then Gabriel pronounced them husband and husband, besties for life.
Much to his surprise, Dean kissed Cas. He KISSED him. On the cheek, but a kiss, nonetheless. Dean was five, and he had better moves than Gabriel himself.
"Well, I saw that in the movies on tv. Mommy said that's what people in love do," Dean defended his actions.
"Well, nevermind that. LET'S EAT SOME CAKE!"
And Gabriel was ecstatic that he had thought to sneak a picture of that kiss. Leverage, he thought. When Cas irritates me when he's older, I can pull out the old Destiel kiss.
But, as fate would have it, when they were older, they DID get married. Real married. And Gabe always pulled out "The Very First Destiel Kiss" as he had deemed it.
And Michael was never invited to another Winchester party.