
"Where are those damned fluffy things?!" Dean whisper-yelled to himself.
The truth is, Dean had taken Princess Dean and Bunny Cas. He knew they'd be convenient later. IF HE COULD FIND THEM.
"MOOOOOOOM!" he shouted. "I TOLD YOU NOT TO MOVE ANYTHING IN MY ROOM AFTER I LEFT!"
He heard a muffled, "WE DIDN'T TOUCH ANYTHING!" before hearing someone coming up the stairs and into the room. "What are you looking for, sweetie?" Mary asked, leaning against the doorway.
"You're gonna think I'm stupid," Dean said, sitting on his old bed.
"Oh, sweetie, I already think that," Mary joked, ruffling his hair and sitting down next to him.
"Okay so when me and Cas were little, we had these stuffed animals named after each other," Dean began.
"Castiel Bunny-of-the-Lord and Princess Dean Winchester," Mary confirmed.
Dean nodded. "And we 'married' them, I guess, back then."
"Wow, you two were nuts for each other even back then."
"Shut up. Anyways," Dean went on, "basically, I told him that if we left them there, they wouldn't get stolen, and they wouldn't've, except... I took them."
Mary sucked in a breath. "That's cold, Dean."
"Anyways," Dean continued, "the next day, I, uh, proposed to him. It's a whole big thing, but I need those stupid things."
"Well, they don't sound stupid to me. Where have you looked?"
"Everywhere my five-year-old self could reach."
"Well, how about everywhere your adult father could reach?" Mary asked.
Realization hit Dean like a truck. "Ohhhhhh." He looked in his closet again, but this time, his eyes traveled up to the top shelf.
And there they were, in the exact same position they were in twenty years ago, on a bench under the weeping willow.
"FINALLY!"
~*~
"Dean, are we going where I think we are?" Castiel asked Dean.
"Sorry, I eh no eh-speaky the English," Dean replied in a really bad Mexican accent. In addition to the accent, he was carrying a bag that secretly contained two certain stuffed animals.
"Oh, so we are going where I think we are. You always resort to weird accents when you're hiding something from me."
"I do not."
"Do too."
"No!"
"Yes!"
"Hey, look, we're here!" Dean yelled, remembering to ask his mom about the accent thing later.
"Oh, I missed this place!" Cas shouted, running to the weeping willow to hug it.
Dean shouted, "TREE HUGGER!" But really, he went over to hug the tree too.
"We haven't been here in, what, seven years?" Cas asks, sitting on the bench.
"Your eighteenth birthday." Dean smiles as he remembers. "Yeah, that was a great day." He sat next to Cas.
"You're just saying that because you lost your virginity that day."
"Hey, you got no room to talk. You lost yours too."
"Or did I?" Cas asks, wiggling his eyebrows.