
A/N: You're gonna be thinking, hey, where dem gay boys at? during this one, but it's okay, they're coming. Breathe.
Jo Harvelle was just having a bad day.
It started out normal, like any other day. Except...
Her alarm went off way too early, at 4:30 in the morning, instead of 6:30 - when she got up for work. Unfortunately, she couldn't get back to the peaceful lull of sleep. So, she thought, hey, coffee fixes everything. Except for a hyperactive child, that is, but yeah. That would've worked, except...
Her coffee machine broke. It. Broke. And at 4:30 in the goddamned morning?! That's nothing she couldn't handle though, she figured that she'd just go to a gas station- actually no, she wouldn't. She had a bad experience with gas station coffee, and she would not go through that again. Or speak of it. Ever. So she'd just go to a Starbucks, except...
CLOSED FOR CHRISTMAS
Christmas, she thought, huh. Forgot. Only Dick-fricking-Roman would have his workers on the job on goddamned Christmas. Jesus. Well, whatever. Who needs coffee anyways? She called her boyfriend, Christian, hoping to get over to his house, because she needed coffee, and he has a really nice coffeemaker.
He picked up on the third ring.
"Jo?" he asked. Weird. He sounded out of breath.
"Hey, babe, could I maybe come over? My coffeemaker's broken, so I was thinking that I could maybe make us both breakfast, or something..."
"Uh, yeah, uhmmm, I don't think I can swing that."
"What?" Jo asked.
"I, uh... I'm not home? Yeah, I'm not home. I'm at my brother's. You know, Mark? For Christmas. Yeah." He sounded shifty.
But what really did it, was this.
"Christiiiiaaaan, come back to bed, baby." A woman's voice, and... Russian?
Jo froze. And not because it was colder than a witch's tit outside Starbucks.
"What the fuck was that?"
"Uh... It was my sister."
"Gwen? Since when is Gwen fucking Russian? And begging you to 'come to bed'?"
"Hey, Rayna is Bulgarian!"
"I cannot believe you!" Jo exclaimed.
"So... I'll, uh, see you next week?"
"Go crawl in a hole and fuck yourself to death," Jo said elegantly, hanging up.
So she decided, fuck coffee.
So she decided, I'm just gonna go into work early. Fuck this. Fuck everything.
So that was that. She also decided, on the way to work, that she would need a rebound, at least. She thought that Christian's brother, Mark, would be great, but then, thinking back to their last meeting - Mark Campbell is, was, and always will be a creeper to Jo, let's leave it at that - and thought, mmm, better not.
As Jo walked into Richard Roman Enterprises - version Kansas - she thought harder. Well, there's Dean. Mmm, Dean. Or Sam. Oh, and that Castiel. Ooh, and Charlie Bradbury, she's hot as hell.
After Joanna Beth showed her badge to the guard, she walked to the elevator. She pushed the button to make the elevator come down.
Ding.