
But do you remember the great Tickle War of 2012? I could barely walk right for three days. But I won. And that's the important part, and that's what I will tell the children.
And of course I remember Dad's stroke. I remember how scared I was. I remember how level-headed you were. Well, up until it was your turn to talk to him. I didn't know what he told you (until now),  but it shook you. You stared into space for about three straight hours.
But do you remember when I babysat for your nieces and nephews with you? We must've made thirteen batches of cookies. Those little fuckers definitely take after Gabe, even if most of them weren't even his.
Not even a week later, I told you I needed you. That's the Winchester Way. Yes, "need" and "love" mean the same thing in this family.
Except need is stronger. Love is, well... love. That feeling you get in the pit of your stomach. Not butterflies, more like you had an entire fucking garden for lunch. And that's great and not nearly as confusing as need. But need is needing. I physically require your presence in my life or I will stop living. I'll just stop existing. Doesn't that sound amazing?
The second you left without saying anything I thought I'd ruined it. I thought, this is it. I'm done. He probably hates me. I'm dead inside now. Okay, bye sanity.
I even called Charlie. Told her what happened. She said "it's up to destiny now."
Couldn't destiny work just a little faster?
But, holy shit, holy motherfucking shit, I found your letter. You love me. You neeeeeed me. My god, how did I manage this?
How the hell did I get someone like Castiel-Boss-Ass-Motherfucking-Novak to love a guy like me? Sorcery.
Yes, I remember how I fell in love. It was slow, then all at once. It was you. It was always you.
Love,Your Best Friend (who is indeed in love with you), Dean Winchester.
BONUS-
Charlie leans back in her bright blue chair  and cracks her knuckles.
She looks up to her poster of Gandalf The White.
"Well, it's up to those kooky kids now."
She then fist-bumps the poster.
"I know, right?! Then they'll get married, have kids, and it'll all be thanks to Cool Aunt Charlie."