
It all started one day when a pregnant cat crawled into Apartment 221B.
Nope, not Sherlock's, sorry. Dean's. The attractive man who's allergic to cats.
Dean was reading his murder mystery novel when he heard a commotion on his balcony. (Yes, his apartment complex was that nice.)
"Well, the petunias can't just get up and start boxing the hydrangeas," he muttered to himself, getting up to check it out.
When he got out there, he was greeted by a fat cat eating his plants.
Dean gasped. "Not mY BEGONIAS!"
The cat did not give two shits and continued to chew on the brightly colored flowers.
The fact that Dean couldn't stop sneezing didn't help anything at all.
"Look, Cat - achoo! - you gotta go."
So the cat ran inside.
"No, that's worse!"
The cat ran to Dean's bedroom and jumped to his bed.
"Absolutely. Fucking. Not."
The cat stretched and purred in contentment.
"You little fucker. Well, if you're gonna live with me, I guess I should know your name." Dean bent down and grabbed the light blue collar, looking for the name tag. Grace Novak on the front. He flipped it over.Apr. 223B,Hrvlle. Apr. Complex,Lzras Ln.
Wow, Dean thought to himself, straightening up, what a lame name.
"Well, Grace, you better get out of here bef-- hOLY SHIT!" Grace was currently pushing babies out of herself.
"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god." Dean didn't know what to do. He never had to do this before, staying as far away from cats as possible.
He finally decided that, hey, Grace knows what to do, she'll be alright for a while. I'm gonna get Mrs. 223B.
He assumed 223B would be an old woman with 10 or more cats, but no, it was an insanely hot, dark-haired, blue-eyed, 26-year old.
The man looked a little panicked, and his blue eyes were swimming with worry.
"Please tell me you found Grace," he said.
"Um, yeah, she's... giving... birth... on my bed."
The man's eyes lit up instantly. "Really? We better get her, I'd hate for her have kittens on your bed. Not that, you know, your bed is, like, inadequate, or not good enough or anything," he added, suddenly aware of Dean's attractiveness.
"So, who are you, anyways?" The Cat Man asked Dean, stroking Grace's head, knelt down next to Dean's bed.
"Me? Oh, I'm just Dean Winchester. Botanist. Allergic to cats. You?"
"I'm Castiel Novak." Castiel Novak laughed. "You're allergic to cats? And a botanist?"
Dean sneezed. "Just a hunch. And a doctor conformation. By the way, Grace here? She has a taste for my begonias."
Castiel only laughed harder.
In the end, there were four kittens. Hannah (after Cas' sister), Stark (after Iron Man, Cas' favorite), Clark (suggested by Dean after noticing the likeness between the kitten and Superman), and - Dean named this one - Begonia.
Dean remembered to load up on Allegra.
After a few years, Dean found Grace on his balcony again.