
Dean sighed.
"Stupid Walmart, stupid Valentine's Day, damned bunker running out of stupid milk, fucking no milk at Walmart, fucking Cas--" Dean internally giggled and scolded himself, finishing the thought, "--wandering off to God knows where..."
Dean was at Wally-World, on Unattached Drifter Christmas Day, with Cas, trying to buy some damned milk.
Cas was off somewhere, no doubt looking for bees INSIDE fucking Walmart, and Dean was angry. Fucking bees. Those sons-a-bitches. Who needs them?
"You do," said a little voice inside his head that sounded an awful lot like Sam, "not only for the environmental benefit--" It was definitely Sam, "--but because they make Cas happy. You know you love him."
Wait, what?
"Sam voice," Dean thought, "I am not in love with Cas. Get your facts straight."
"Dean, you need to get your facts straight," the Sam voice replied, "Or, more accurately, you need to get your facts gay."
"You know what, I'm done with you, go fuck yourself."
"You realize you just said that to yourself, right?"
"Shut it," Dean said, accidentally aloud, and a young couple passing looked at him like he was insane.
During his internal conflict, Dean seemed to have wandered into one of the many flamboyantly pink, red, and/or white Valentine aisles. He normally would've just walked out, but a box of chocolates, one with bees on them, caught his eye. He instantly thought of how much Cas would like them, and he put them in the cart.
He turned around, and was greeted by a familiar face, one that was about 4 inches from his own.
"Hello, Dean."
"Damn it, Cas, we've discussed this, everyone has a bubble, and you need t--"
He stopped talking, because he saw some paper in Cas' hands.
"What's that?" He asked.
"I found it, and I bought it," and he added, "I HAVE money, Dean," at his confused face.
"Um, what is it?"
"It's for you, Dean," he beamed, and Dean smiled at his utter adorable-ness, and the Sam Voice was about to speak, but he shushed it.
He looked at the item Castiel had placed in his hands.
It was a card.
A Valentine, to be exact.
It said, "I find you aesthetically pleasing. Be mine?" with some British dude wearing a funny hat from the angel's favorite show.
"Cas, I-I--" Dean stopped. How did he feel? "I love it. And I love you."
Cas tilted his head and did the squinty eyes Dean loved. "Dean, wh--?"
He was cut off. He was suddenly locked into a fierce face battle with his best friend.
Huh.
Funny how life works like that.
Once they had stopped making out, Dean bought him the bee candy.
Then they got to the bunker, and Dean was glad that Sam was hunting all weekend, because he and Cas would be... busy. All weekend.