
Confession: The Story Of How I Fell In Love And More
By Castiel Novak
Dearest Best Friend,
I have a confession. I never really wanted to go to the party where we met. My brother made me. That doesn't seem so bad, I know, but there's more.
When we got there, and I saw you, alone by the punch, I thought you'd never want to talk to me. But, surprise, you came up to me.
You said that you'd seen me before, around campus, around the neighborhood before that. We lived three houses away from each other.
Truth is, I'd noticed you too. I didn't tell you that, though. You gave me your dorm number, and I you. We also realized we had almost all the same classes.
We were best friends from then on.
The next year, when you requested that we share a dorm, I knew you were permanent. No getting rid of you, ever.
Remember when I thought you'd invite half the college - including some of the teachers - to your birthday party? You didn't. It was just you and me, and we ate that entire cake all by ourselves. Remember how you said that I'm your only real friend? God knows I do. I couldn't stop smiling, and you said I ate too much cake.
I think that was the night I started to fall for you.
We went to the park a lot. You even called your brother once, and that was the first time I met him. Remember how he mistaked us for a couple? I remember how I blushed, and how you didn't freak out. How you just tried to keep at least a foot from me the rest of the day. How you failed miserably.
I guess we did stand a little close. But that never bothered me.
We also stayed in quite a bit. You loved playing your video games, and the only thing I could beat you at was Mario Kart. And only when I played as Yoshi.
When you said it was adorable how I thought I could beat you - the first time - I couldn't say anything. My voice would probably crack and the truth would spill out. I couldn't risk that.
I couldn't risk you.
So when we played and I won - and the four rematches you called - and you stared dumbfounded at the screen, I just smiled triumphantly.
That was the safest thing to do.
Then I went back to studying, bringing you with me into the realm of "we have a test tomorrow."
I remember when I wanted to go to the carnival that was in town. You bought me a caramel apple. And when Happy the Clown scared the living shit out of me? You punched him in the face. Maybe that was because your little brother was scared of them too, but maybe, just maybe, it wasn't. Maybe it was because I was scared. It probably wasn't, but a guy can dream, right?
You also won me a giant stuffed cat before they found us and threw us out.
I remember when I had nowhere to go for the summer and you told me to stay at your house. I almost turned you down, but then I looked at your eyes. They were full of hope. Maybe you wanted me to stay more than you let on. Maybe. So I said yes.
That summer was full of wonderful things. Whenever your mom couldn't cook, you would. (By the way, you make fantastic chocolate chip pancakes.) You took me to all your favorite places as a kid, took me up to your old tree house. We slept in the same bed that summer, which was not that great for me. Why? Well, you sleep in the same bed as the one you're in love with, and see how you feel. I could barely keep myself from wrapping myself around you.