
Dean walked into Cas' room in the bunker and noticed that he had Sam's laptop.
"Hey, Cas," he said.
"Hello, Dean," Castiel said in his usual deep, gravelly voice.
"You know, while I'm always up for shenanigans with Sam's laptop," Dean began, "though I doubt you're looking at porn."
"No, not really. Well, sort of," Castiel said, confusing Dean.
"What does that mean?"
"Sam told me about the fans of the Supernatural books."
Oh no.
"Um, well, are you reading the 'unpublished' books?" Dean asked, adding quotation marks around "unpublished."
"No, Sam also told me about boats."
"Boats?" Dean asked, knowing where this was headed.
"Well, he said ships, and he mentioned many of them, so I'm reading about them on his computer," Castiel replied.
Dean gulped. "What... boat... are you reading about?" he asked.
"I'm trying to figure out what kind of boat a Destiel is, but Sam won't tell me. I suspect it is a luxury cruise, but only for non-heterosexuals, because the articles have many mentions of men kissing," Castiel said.
"Jesus Christ," Dean muttered, walking to Cas' bed so he could sit with him.
"Dean, why are you talking about my half-brother?" Castiel asked.
"I... I didn't... Nevermind."
Dean looked at the screen and what was on it was all too familiar.
"You know what, Cas? How about I threaten to cut Sam's hair til he explains? It'd be much easier," Dean said quickly and nervously.
"Well, that sounds great," Cas said, relieving Dean. "But I want to finish this article," he added.
"Cas, it's-it's not called an..." Dean trailed off.
"Wait," Castiel said, eyes roaming around the computer screen. "I remember this," he said.
"Well," Dean began, trying to play cool, "they have our lives up until Sam jumped in the pit."
"This-This is after that. Way after that. Years," Castiel replied, confused.
"Well, uh, maybe we have another prophet on our hands," Dean said, reddening to a tomato-like state.
"It's not entirely accurate, Dean. Instead of patting my back and walking away, you kiss me," he said, genuinely confused.
"Well, maybe Mr. Prophet changed the ending?" Dean suggested.
"No, that doesn't... Wait a second," Castiel said, puzzling it out. "Dean?" he asked.
"Yeah, Cas?"
"Did you write this?"
"What?! No, no, no of course not. I wouldn't, I couldn't, uh..."
Castiel stared at him, and Dean practicality melted.
"Okay, yeah, I did. But only because Sam wouldn't shut up about it, and-and, there was a major build up of sexual tension!" he said, not exactly making it better.
Castiel shut the laptop lid, putting it aside, and grabbed Dean's shirt collar, pulling himself on top of Dean. Dean closed the distance between them, their lips on each other, acting as a metaphorical knife, cutting the sexual tension in half.
"You are a very good writer, Dean," Cas assured him.
"Shut up and cone back on the non-hetero cruise," he said.
"Luxury cruise," Cas corrected between kisses.
"Whatever."
And with that, everyone reading this threw up rainbows. The end.