
There were many things in life Mary Ellen enjoyed. For example, she loved the series about two brothers hunting things that go bump in the night, appropriately titled "Supernatural," by Carver Edlund.
She was also very suspicious of this series at first. The main characters had the same exact names as her fathers and uncle.
But, Dean had her convinced that their parents were just fans of the book. Even though, the books weren't even in existence when Mary and John were naming their kids, Mary Ellen believed nearly everything her fathers said.
Although Castiel was completely against lying to any of their children(they had three, Mary(after Dean's mother), Henry(after Dean's grandfather), and Charlie(after the world's favorite lesbian)), it was they only way.
Though, sometimes it was hard to hide the truth.
Like on Halloween.
**CUE FLASHBACK NOISES**
"Daaaaaaad," Mary called. "Do we have any shotguns?"
Dean nearly spit out his water.
"What? Why do you need a shotgun?" he asked.
"Why are you dodging my question?"
"Why are YOU dodging MINE, young lady?"
"Oh my Chuck, Dad, you are sooooo 1950's right now."
"W-What? 'Oh my Chuck'? What does that mean?"
She sighed. "Dad, do we have shotguns?"
"Well, obviously, but why do you need one, honey?"
"For my costume," she mumbled, looking at the ground.
"Well, why didn't you say so? Henry'll be a cowboy, Charlie'll be a ladybug, and our sweetheart Mary will be a weapon of mass destruction."
"Actually," Cas said, strutting into the room, "Henry changed his mind. He wants to be Spiderman."
"Really?" Dean asked, placing a kiss on his husband's lips. "Spiderman?"
"What do you have against me being  a weapon?" Mary asked, bringing herself back into the conversation. "Plus, I love the character I'm going as. She's my favorite."
"Who is it?" Cas asked.
"Jo Harvelle."
Dean and Cas both froze. "J-Jo?" Dean asked, feeling a pang of sadness. "She-she's your favorite?"
"Yeah. Well, my favorite girl. My favorite overall is Dean."
"Please," Dean said. "You're a Sam girl if I ever saw one."
"Dad, please, please, please, I really need a shotgun."
Dean couldn't say no after that. Whenever Mary said please, she REALLY wanted something.
"Not loaded," he said firmly.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you!" she cried out, hugging her father.
Later that evening, Mary came out of her room in a black tank top and jeans. She had her long blonde hair down, and was holding a shotgun. She stood next to her little brother and sister, who were getting lessons in safety from Cas.
"And Mary knows my number if you need me!" he called as the kids walked to the first house.
"Cas, hon, they're walking fifteen feet away and coming back," Dean smiled at his husband's worry.
"And then they come back and we walk them to the next house, right?" he asked.
"Right," Dean reassured him.
Cas put his head on Dean's shoulder and wrapped his arms around his waist as they watched the kids, one-by-one, get their candy. "I don't know how much more I can handle," Cas admitted.
"Honeybee, it's the first house. And you've got me," Dean reminded.
"Yeah, you do have a pretty sweet ass," Cas said with a smile, laughing as Dean yelped when he grabbed his ass.
"Happy Halloween, DeanBean. I love you."
"I love you, too, Honeybee."
*A/N
Praise the dynamic parenting duo of DeanBean and Honeybee! Also, the yelp. YELP. I WROTE IT AND I'M STILL NOT OVER IT. YEEEEEELP.