
"Pleeeeeeeeease?" begged Sam.
"OH, FINE, but only if you'll shut UP!"
"YaaaaaaAAAAAAY!"
Sam had been begging Dean to take him to a different bookstore, seeing as how he had practically read all the books in the nearest one, 4 blocks away.
"What's this place called again?"
"Books and Scrolls."
"Where is it?"
"Lazarus Lane."
"Lazarus Lane?! Sammy, that's CLOSER than the last one!"
"Oh. I guess it is."
"'Oh. I guess it is.'" Dean mocked him in a mocking voice.
Three minutes later, they had reached Books and Scrolls.
"Well?" Dean asked. "What are you waiting for? Go geek out to your heart's content!"
Sam stuck his tongue and walked off.
Dean decided it would be irresponsible to leave his fourteen year old brother alone in a new bookstore.
He also thought he should stay because of the really, really, REALLY hot guy over by the Harry Potter book stand, which, in Dean's opinion, made him even hotter, seeing as how Dean was a reader himself and was totally gay for The Boy Who Lived himself. Not that he would tell anyone that. In fact, if he knew I just told you that, he'd probably put me in the hospital. But those are just details.
The man in question had dark hair and bright blue eyes. He was reading something called I'll Give You The Sun, which, judging from the shiny sign in the window, was one of the new arrivals.
Dean, as if to impress the sexy man, found the stand for new books, and grabbed this book. He read a few pages an was instantly absorbed into the story.
Sam found Dean a few hours later, and Dean was halfway through the book.
"Bro, come on, I found a couple I wanna read, so... Buy them for me?"Dean looked up from his book and actually saw what Sam was holding.
He was holding at least 10 books, maybe more.
"Sam... How many books is that?"
"Uh... 13."
"Sam, do you know how much that's gonna cost?!"
"Uh... No?"
"No, you are not getting all those. Pick 3."
"Whaaaaat? No, unfair."
"I'm sorry, are you spending a shitload of money on your little brother?"
"I don't have a little br--"
"Not the point! Pick 3 or none."
"UgggggAHHHHHH."
Dean knew that Sam would drag him back to the bookstore, needing those 10 other books, and maybe he would see that hot dude again.
Then, Dean walked up to the register and saw Sexy standing behind the counter. He also noticed that Mr. Hot Man was wearing a name tag. Castiel. So, Hot Guy had a cool name AND he worked at a bookstore. What more can a guy ask for?
"Uh, hi." Dean said awkwardly with Sam by his side.
"Hello. Did you find everything okay?"
Dean was about to respond when Sam cut in.
"Oh, everything and more. I had 26 picked out, but I narrowed it down to 13, right?" Castiel was nodding along to this story as if it were the most interesting thing he had ever heard."BUT, here I am, with THREE books, not thirteen, SO GET THIS, I am looked after by a TOTAL CHEAPSKATE" (Castiel had laughed at this and Dean blushed slightly) "AND I HAD TO PICK THREE. THREE, DAMN IT."