
"Dean, there you are!" Cas ran to Dean, pushing multiple people away in the crowded hallway. "Listen, Dean, I need your help."
"How'd you even get past... never mind. What?"
"I'm conducting a study."
"As always."
"Shut up," he said. "Dean, you have to promise me not to abandon the experiment."
"Okay." Dean agreed quite easily, as he always did with Cas.
Cas grabbed Dean's hand.
"Uhm... Cas?"
"Hmm?"
"What are you doing?"
"I'm experimenting. Dean, you've already promised--"
"Yeah, yeah. What is this 'experiment,' anyway?" Dean asked, the fact that he had no freaking idea what he was doing occurring to him.
"Hand holding."
Dean felt himself blushing. Cas dropped his hand and took out a notebook, quickly jotting something down before grabbing Dean's hand again.
"First note of the day," Cas explained.
"Cas, how long is the experiment?"
"One week." Dean sighed happily (which caused Cas to write yet another note.) One week of holding Cas' hand? Awesome.
Day One wasn't too bad. The worst part, to Dean anyway, was all the people walking by whispering things like "finally" and "I knew they were in love" and even one "OMG JUST LIKE JOHN AND SHERLOCK". Even the glee club sang Can't Fight This Feeling to them. How dare they assume we're a couple? Dean thought(ignoring the pure ecstasy flooding him at the thought of "we're a couple."), Oh, maybe it's 'cause you're holding hands and coMPLETELY IN LOVE WITH HIM. You can't really argue when the truth slams into you like a freight train.
And that's how it hit him. For Dean, realizing he was in love wasn't like flying, or falling, like at all. Realization was like being hit in the back of the head with a football.
But the very second he knew he had Cas' hand in his again, it was like a (hot) nurse knew the exact way to stop the pain of being hit. And put him on drugs. With Cas, he felt like that all the time. So happy, he was high. High on Castiel Novak.
Day Two was worse, by far. The homophobic idiots had heard of what was going on. By the end of the day, Dean had punched Alistair and Marv in the face, kicked Michael in the back of the knee, and Zachariah in the balls. He had only earned one detention, which was an achievement in itself. Cas may or may not have spent the entire time in detention with him, holding his hand, and assuring Dean that it was just as much Cas' fault.
The rest of the week practically flew by, and all too soon, Dean was not required to hold Cas' hand anymore.
They were in library, where Cas was "working on a project", which apparently meant staring at Dean.
"So, Cas," Dean said, "how'd your experiment go?"
"Not as planned."
"You could be more detailed, you know. Teachers like that, details and shit."
"Dean," Cas said seriously. "I didn't think you'd even accept this. I thought you'd punch me before holding my hand. But you didn't. You did what I asked, solely because I asked. You wouldn't do it for Benny, or Kevin. Only me."
"... maybe you're right. Or wrong. You're probably right, though."