
Basically Confession from Dean's POV.
Yes, I Remember: The Story Of Me And My Best Friend
By Dean Winchester
Dearest Best Friend,
I got your letter. I read your confession. And I couldn't be happier.
Yes, I remember all of it. I remember the party where we first met. It was Lisa's eighteenth birthday party. AKA, everything I didn't want - too loud, boring, and every single girl flirting with me when god knows I'd rather be talking to the blue-eyed boy just across the way.
When I'd finally had enough of Anna Milton pushing her hair away from her chest so I could see her boobs better, I walked to you.
I swear, it was like anyone even remotely interested in me let out a large sigh. Except you, of course, you fidgeted with your hands (I would later learn you always did this when you were nervous) and bit your lip (this too). And your hair was super messy. Bottom line, goddamn, you looked sexy.
But once we got to talking, my god, you were perfect. Too perfect for just some one-night-stand, some college memory tucked away under regret. So, instead of fucking you, I made you my best friend. (Though I asked for your dorm number in case I changed my mind.)
Yes, I remember requesting we share a dorm. I spent three hours convincing Sammy to go on a date with Becky just because she had influence on dorm arrangements.
Yes, I remember when I invited no one but you to my birthday. I remember telling you that you're my only friend. Thank god you didn't notice my voice crack. We ate an entire cake together, and I could've blamed it on that, but why would I? You're amazing. Why would I need any other friends?
That was the night I started to fall for you too.
Yes, I remember the park, and all the late-night gaming sessions. I vividly remember the carnival, and when I won that cat for you, the gypsy-looking lady leaned in and said we looked cute together.
Yeah, I remember how I didn't correct her.
But do you remember when I got pneumonia and you took care of me? I probably went through twenty million tissue boxes. I also learned that you, my good sir, are a mother. You hover a lot and never left my side. And, god no, I didn't think of you as my mom. I remember one of my dreams being you taking care of my sick children, while I was at work. Our children.
That's when I knew for sure I was fucked.
When you said your mom didn't want you to come home that summer, I could've punched her in the face. You never told me why, but I guess that reason's clear as day. "Oh, so, you're gay? Okay, bye!" Pitiful.
You mentioned that Gabriel couldn't take you in because he was going international in France - I gotta tell you, he does make pretty awesome cupcakes. They're the fucking bomb. And Hannah was pregnant so that's that. And Samandriel was only ten, so he was out.
I honestly couldn't stand the thought of you alone somewhere. You're afraid of the goddamn dark, and you'll be sleeping alone? Heeeellll no. So, of course I invited you.
And sleeping in the same bed as your best friend who you're in love with? Been there, done that. God, I wish you did cuddle me. I bet you're a great cuddler. Goddamn it, we've got to cuddle.
Yes, I remember the Fall Out Boy tickets. Remember how expensive they were. But I also remember the look of pure joy on your face. It was breathtaking.