
"Where the hell is Castiel?!" Kevin, the next door neighbor's bird squawks.
"Christ, Kevin," Dean Winchester shouts to the bird, "no one even knows who that is!"
"Dean," Mary Winchester says, "While the whereabouts of Castiel are concerning, I asked you to set the table ten minutes ago!"
"Sorry, Mom," he apologized and began setting the table.
Five minutes later, it occured to Dean that they were using the fancy dishes.
"Mom, why are we using the fancy shit?" He asked.
"Dean, language!" She scolded and after he apologized, she continued.
"We have new neighbors, and, no, Dean, they do not own a bird who constantly asks about a person no one knows," she added.
"Well, what is their last name? Are they a weird family who doesn't have a last name?"
"They're the Novaks, Dean," Mary laughed.
"They sound weird," he muttered to where Mary couldn't hear.
Forty-five minutes later, Dean called to Sam and told him to "get his happy ass downstairs," as the Novaks would be here soon.
Five seconds later, the doorbell rang.
"Ooh, they're here! Best behavior, boys." Mary said.
"As always, dear mother," Dean replied sarcastically.
"I mean it," she said as she went to open the door.
"Hello!" Mary said in her most friendly and welcoming voice.
"Hello," a blonde woman replied. "I'm Becky, as you know, you invited my family over!" The woman, Becky, said, which could have come off as awkward, but Mary laughed it off and the entire house warmed as she did.
"Well, come on in, introduce everyone else!" Mary said to Mrs. Novak.
"Okay," Becky began as the family stepped inside. "This is my husband, Chuck," she said, gesturing to a tall man with brown hair.
"This is my daughter, Anna," she said, gesturing to a pretty girl with long red hair.
"These are my sons, Gabriel," she said pointing to a short kid that looked about Sam's age, "and Castiel."
Dean did a double take. The Winchester family did a take. The entire world did a double take.
Dean thought that this had to be the hottest male on planet Earth. He had dark, dark hair, and sharp, bright blue eyes. It didn't even connect that this was CASTIEL.
Sam was the first to speak.
"No way!" He yelled. "Really? You're Castiel?"
Castiel nodded. "Last time I checked."
"Dean!" Sam yelled. "We found Castiel! The world can finally be at peace!"
"What do you mean?" Castiel asked.
Dean supplied the answer.
"Well, you see, our neighbor, Meg Masters, has a parrot. All you can ever hear is 'Where the hell is Castiel?!' All day, every day, 24/7, for the last three months."
"Well, enough of that, come on Novaks, sit down."
Everyone took their place, and Dean was across from Castiel.
The entire time, during all the conversation, neither Castiel nor Dean spoke much. They were a little busy making out.