
Cas was not easily irritated. But no one in the world was more annoying than Lisa Braeden.
Lisa was Dean Winchester (Cas' best friend, who he (surprise!) secretly was in love with)'s girlfriend. That wasn't too hard to handle for Cas, no sir. It was the fact that he had found a ring in Dean's sock drawer, when he was supposedly looking for a spare shirt while he was over for the night, but was actually snooping. That, that little red velvet box, it killed him inside. He couldn't even open it to see, that inside this box was indeed, a ring.
He knew what the box was supposed to look like. He had once proposed to his past girlfriend, Meg. She refused. Cas was heartbroken. Then he met Dean.
But finding the box was worse than when Meg said no.
This was why Cas hated Lisa.
There really was no other reason. Dean and Lisa had been together since the year before, and she had always been very kind to Castiel. She was the one who said he should go look for a shirt in Dean's room.
She was the reason he felt like this.
The next day, while they went out for lunch, Castiel asked Dean about the ring box.
"Well, Cas, about that..."
"Yes, Dean?"
"I was wondering... What do you think about Lisa?"
Cas swallowed his anger.
"She's... perfect. For you, of course."
"So... Do you think you could help me plan how I'm gonna ask her? Because I was thinking next week, but I don't know how. How would you want to be proposed to, Cas?"
Cas thought about this.
"Well," he said finally, "While I always thought the whole 'Hide The Ring In The Cake' thing was sweet, it's kinda cliche. Personally, I would want to be taken to dinner, stroll through the park, and have the proposer ask at home."
"Why at home?"
"Well, trust me on this, having sex in a bush isn't as glamorous as it sounds."
Dean had to have laughed for an hour.
"But, Dean," Castiel said, "I don't think that's what Lisa would like."
"Oh?"
"Yes, she seems like a 'Ring In The Champagne' kind of girl."
"Really?"
"Uh huh. But you'll be fine as long as she sees the ring before she drinks. 1/3 of people don't, and they swallow the ring."
Maybe Cas had researched the subject before talking to Dean. Maybe he made that statistic up. The world may never know.
"Well, that doesn't sound dangerous at all."
Now it was Castiel's turn to laugh for what seemed like forever. That's just one of those things you do when you're in love. Cas had hoped proposing to another woman was one of those things you do before you realize you love your best friend.
Next week, two days before the day Dean had decided that he would propose to Lisa on, Dean decided to take Cas to dinner.
"One of the last days as a free man, you know?" was Dean's reasoning.
"Hopefully," Cas added in.
"Yeah, hopefully."
After dinner, Dean asked if they could stroll through the park.
"I hear the park is the best at night."