
When my birthday rolled around, you got me super expensive tickets to see my favorite band. Remember how we hugged for what seemed like hours?
When your father had a stroke later that year, the first thing you did was call me. You told me what happened through tears. When he was recovering and you got to see him alone, he'd asked you if I was there. When you said yes, he told you to send me in.
I've never told you this, but your dad told me to never let you go. He said that he knew I loved you. I didn't argue because it was true - it stil is, by the way. When I asked how he knew, he said it was the way I look at you. A sad hope. That's how he described it. Like the world will end when you two aren't near each other. You love him, Castiel. I know. It's okay, because I like you. I think you should go for it. Those were his exact words. They replayed in my head for weeks after the fact.
I think you should go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Why didn't I go for it sooner? The reason I still haven't, I guess. Because if you don't love me back, I'll lose you.
Remember when you told me you needed me? That moment was defining for me. Does need mean the same thing as love?
I called Charlie, who both of us confided in when we couldn't with each other, and I asked her. Does need mean the same thing as love? She asked me if it was about you.
I said yes.
She said she couldn't tell me. Said it was between you and her.
Thank god she's a lesbian, because who know what I would've thought then.
But then I finally started thinking. About a lot of things.
Why would you give me your dorm number after we first met?
Why would you not invite anyone else to your birthday?
Why wouldn't you freak out at the thought of being mistaken as my boyfriend like all other straight white boys?
Why would you punch a clown for me?
Why would you win me a giant cat? Aren't guys on dates supposed to do that? And you hate cats. You're allergic. You can barely stand Claire-Cat roaming our room. Why get a fake one for me, of all people?
Why would you want me to stay at your house so badly?
Why the hell would you get me those tickets? They probably costed more than me.
Why would your dad, who could've died, tell me to go for it?
Why would you tell me you need me?
And, finally, it hit me.
You must love me, too.
But, being me, I couldn't just run up to you and kiss you and tell you I need you too and run my fingers through your hair and--
I'll stop there.
I called Charlie again.
"Look Cas, I can't--"
"Does he love me?"
"Uh... uhm... ah..."
"He does! He loves me! Holy mothershit, he loves me!"
"I didn't say anything."