
Well, that's what Dean WANTED to do. They actually just absent-mindedly ate their dinner(pot roast) while staring into each others eyes.
Dessert rolled around and Dean was told to go get the pie out by Mary while herself, Becky, and Chuck talked about John Winchester, who had died of a stroke in his sleep. Sam, Gabriel, and Anna were having their own conversation.
"I'll help," Castiel offered.
"Thanks, Cas," Dean said.
As soon as they walked into the kitchen, Castiel grabbed Dean's shirt and mashed their faces together in what most people call a passionate kiss.
"I apologize," Cas began. "The sexual tension was nearing unbearable."
"As long as you keep kissing me, it's fine." Dean replied.
-_-_-_-_-_-_-
Eight months later, it was known that Dean Winchester and Castiel were best friends, which they were, though no one knew what happened behind closed doors.
"Mom..." Dean began. "I have to tell you something."
"What is it, sweetie?"
"I... I'm in love. With Cas."
"Oh, honey, what day is it?"
"Um..." Dean was confused. This is how she reacted to him coming out  of the closet, and with Castiel Novak, his best friend? Jeez, he was so deep in the closet, not only did he find Narnia and John Watson, he found Sam's lost shoe from three years ago!
"Sweetheart?" Mary asked, bringing Dean back to reality.
"It's... It's October third?"
"Oh, so exactly five months, then."
"What? What are you saying, Mom?"
"Well, you remember when you and Castiel were having that really bad fight?" She asked.
"Of course," he replied quietly. The source of that fight was Castiel's own sister, Anna. She had kissed Dean and Cas saw.
"You guys were really having it out, and I was getting irritated. You both were so miserable. So, I was standing outside your room and I realized how quiet it was. If you two were fighting, then you had a strange way of doing so quietly. Then I heard some... questionable sounds."
"Mom, that doesn't mea--"
"Also, Dean Winchester, you came downstairs with your shirt inside out."
Dean sighed.
"Dean, I have a question."
"Yes, Mom?"
"Has it been longer than five months?"
"Uh... eight," he said very quietly, as he felt a little guilty not telling her sooner.
"Oh my gosh, Dean, eight months?!"
"Sorry?"
"So then... That would mean..." Mary was puzzling out when exactly they got together.
"It was at the dinner. The first time they ever came over."
"Damn it," Mary said.
"What?" Dean asked.
"Well, Sam said you guys were making googly-eyes at that dinner, and he said that he saw you kissing when you took too long with the pie. Basically, if word gets out that it's been longer than five months... I will owe Sam fifty bucks," she explained.