
Stupid teeth.
Being sore and shit.
Who needs them? Honestly.
All these things raced through Dean's mind as Sam drove him to the dentist.
"Dean," Sam said, finally breaking the silence.
"I don't wanna hear it," Dean grumbled, turning up the Taylor Swift song as Sam sighed.
Time seemed to move too fast as Dean sat in the waiting room with Sam.
"Dean Smith?" Sarah, the dentist's assistant called.
Dean stood and followed her.
~*~*~*~*~
Sam was driving Dean driving home, because the dentist had put Dean on laughing gas.
It was one of the best things to ever happen to Sam.
"Sam."
"Yeah, Dean?"
"Look at the sky."
This was the third time Dean had asked Sam to look at something.
"Sam, they look like the angel's eyes. But his are bluuuuuer and prettier," Dean said, stringing out bluer for as long as he could.
Sam nearly crashed Baby. Of course, Sam knew how Dean felt about Cas. I mean, come on. But he never thought Dean would be vocal about his feelings.
"Sam, are we eating cotton candy right now?" Dean asked, apparently trying to chew the air.
"Uh... no," Sam said, comprehending what just happened.
"You know," Dean singsonged, "blue cotton candy's my faaaavorite. Because it reminds me of him."
Sam learned how to keep control of the impala after that outburst.
After many comparisons of many things (from teddy bears to ants) to the angel Castiel, they finally arrived at the bunker.
"Hey Dean," Sam asked, many plans forming in his mind. "We're home."
"Really? Yay!"
"You know who said they'd come and check in on you?" Sam asked.
"No," Dean said, incredulous.
"Cas said he'd come."
"Really? Yay! I love him. He's nice."
Dean just told Sam that he loves Cas. With the help of dentist narcotics, but the point still stands.
Sam carefully walked Dean to the bunker. Dean had nearly no control over his legs.
"Castiel?" Sam called as they walked in.
Castiel appeared with the help of his magic-angel-mojo-awesomeness."Hello, Dean. Sam."
"Cas!" Dean gasped.
"Dean?"
"Your eyes!" Dean said running (and falling once) toward Cas and inspecting his face. "They're just so... so... blue," Dean finished lamely.
Laughing gas apparently does not improve your vocabulary.
"Hey Dean," Sam called.
Dean let go of a very confused Castiel's face and turned around.
"Yeah, Sammy?" he asked.
"You know how you have, like, a million freckles?" Sam asked.