
Dean woke up with the sunshine on his face and his husband cuddled into his side.
He checked the time. 7:41. Their kids(Mary(age 8), Anna(age 6), and Gabriel(age 3)) would be barging into the room at 8:04, like they always do.
"Cas?" He whispered.
"Mmm?" Cas groaned.
"Are you up?"
"Mm, does it look like it?"Dean laughed and Cas cuddled closer to him.
Dean could hardly believe that it had been nearly 5 years since they'd actually gotten out of the hunting life, and 4 years ago today, he had married Castiel.
"Cas?" He asked again.
"Yes?" He responded, clearly on the brink of annoyance.
Dean loved it when Cas was annoyed, because he was so adorable when he pouted and told Dean to stop being mean.
"Cas, have you realized what today is?"
"Dean," he started, "I don't even know my name right now. It's probably, like, 3 am."
"Your name is Castiel, Cas for short, and," Dean checked the time, "it's 7:46."
"Exactly, 3 am, like I said!"
Dean couldn't help smile and giggle like a little girl, Cas soon joining in.
Cas sat up, doing his pouty face. "Really, Dean, I was sleeping, but now you woken me with your stupid, mean, pretty face."
Dean sat up too, and kissed his husband."Today," Dean began, "is a day to mark all days. It is September 8, 2020. You pulled me out of Hell--" he paused to show the handprint on his shoulder, "-- exactly 12. Years. Ago. And, ALSO, to make this date even MORE important," Dean stood on the bad and pulled Cas up with him, "WE GOT MARRIED ON THIS DAY, EXACTLY 4 YEARS AGO." Dean finished this rousing speech with a long kiss to his husband's lips.
"Well," Cas finally said, "that was dramatic."
They laughed and fell back down to the bed.
"You know, I COULD call Sam and have him watch the kids today..." Dean suggested.
"Yes. Yes. Yes, I like that idea very much."
"Okay!"
Dean grabbed his phone and dialed up Sam's number.
"Sam?"
"Dean?"
"Can you watch the kids for me and Cas today? Please. It's our ANNIVERSARY, Sam, and if you don't, I promise, I will tell you every single detail of our wedding night, EVERY SINGLE ONE, SAM. It gets pret--"
"OKAY! But you totally owe me one."
"But--"
"IT'S A DONE DEAL."
Sam hung up.
"He said okay." Dean told Cas, who already knew, as he was so close to the conversation he could hear it.
"Yay!"
"So now what?"
"I think it's about time the kids run in."
"It's 8:03."
"Hurry, get the blankets for protection!"
They could hear faint footsteps running down the hall."ONE," A familiar voice Dean had recognized as Mary.
"TWO," Said Anna.
"Please, please, please, don't break our bones," Cas yelled out, and they heard some giggles as little Gabriel yelled, "THWEE!"