
Chapter 1 - Claire's POV - "A New Day"
Claire kept a brisk pace as she headed toward TPU. Texas Prairie University sat right in the middle of what seemed to be a quiet ordinary town - unless you knew what to look for.  During the day people didn't linger; and during the night they didn't come out at all - not unless they wanted to be on the menu.  Morganville was run by vampires; a concept which might seem bizarre and frightening to most people, but Claire had become strangely accustomed to - it just felt normal now. How twisted was that?
Shifting the weight of her backpack to her other shoulder, Claire continued toward the campus.  A familiar eagerness swept through her; heightening, with every step that brought her closer to what she loved most. Learning and Physics. College had been quite a cultural shock to her in the beginning.  By the time she was a sophomore in high-school, Claire had already aced every advanced placement class available; leaving them no choice but to graduate her early. She knew her young age of sixteen had contributed to her initial uneasiness and inability to really connect to her class mates.
Claire had been surprised to find that even her college studies felt 'easy', leaving her a bit unsatisfied.  She enjoyed the interactive lab studies most; and occasionally had a professor, like the one who taught her first period class, who was engaging and even funny.
Claire silently ran through the outline points of her upcoming class.  Statistical mechanics intertwined probable theory into a mechanical system to determine the anticipated average behavior or outcome. Basically, math equations to fill in the blanks between fundamental mechanical laws of nature and the reality of the practical experience, which lacks the exact knowledge of how each molecule, will carry out the process in the moment of transition.  Claire felt there was a striking similarity between this spliced section of theoretical physics and chemistry, to the portal system that her crazy boss Myrnin had created.
As if he could hear his name mentioned in the ramblings in her head, Claire felt her phone vibrating in her pocket. A quick look down confirmed it was Myrnin. "What now?" Claire's annoyance over being distracted from her studies seeped into her voice.
She wasn't sure if he recognized her impatient tone or just didn't care; probably the latter, Myrnin's frenzied words tumbled out. "Claire! I need you!"
So far - nothing new.
"Myrnin, I'm late for class. I can't talk right now, I have to run."
"No! Wait! I have a problem. I can't find yesterday!" He cried.
Claire stopped in her tracks. "I'm sorry, but what...what did you just say?!"
"Yesterday! It's gone!" He snapped.
Claire sighed and pinched the bridge of her nose; her irritation building in exact proportion to his lack of sense. She wondered how he could be so brilliant in the middle of all of the chaos running rampant through his mind. Trying to keep her tone even, she replied, "I understood the words, but have no idea what the hell you are talking about. Care to elaborate?"
"There's no time. I need you here now!" She heard the phone click in her ear as he hung up.
Torn, she looked longingly toward the campus building where her class was going to start; then moaned and starting walking in the opposite direction toward the lab.  There was something off about his tone.  She couldn't put her finger on it but it bordered on panic.  And as crazy as he acted, she knew him well enough to know - he never panicked; quite the opposite, he was cunning and thrilled when faced with any challenge.
Claire began her apprenticeship with Myrnin over a year ago at the insistence of the town's Founder, Amelie.  Since then, he had pushed her - sometimes kicking and screaming - to open her mind.  From him, she had learned far more than anything she'd been taught in her college studies. Experiencing how his mind worked was both breathtaking and terrifying; it all depended on what mood he was in that day.