
She had worked alongside him for long enough to recognize and anticipate when his dark side settled in.  But she had chosen to stay.  Sure, it was not really her decision; whatever Amelie ordered, stood.  But she knew in her heart that her choice was to stay with him; to learn from him. She had never met anyone who so  completely understood and shared her depth of hunger for knowledge; how that need was as vitally necessary to her as breathing.  And he was the only person who had ever be able to satisfy that need in her - but more than that - he provoked her to think and expand beyond even her own expectations.
However the inescapable outcome of that choice was literally risking her life on occasions.  Claire supposed she should consider herself lucky to be alive.  His last three assistants weren't quite as fortunate.
Her phone sounded again and she yanked it from her pocket. "Myrnin, I'm on my way!"
"Of course you are. Just don't take a portal!" and he hung up again.
Argh! If this is not life and death important, I am going to KILL him, Claire thought as she slammed her phone back into her pocket. She tapped the side of her backpack for good measure, satisfied with the way the daggers she'd tucked inside, clinked and chimed against each other. Not that she would ever intend to hurt Myrnin. It wouldn't end well and she'd probably be the one dead, but one can never be too prepared.
As she neared the alley entrance to the lab, Claire noticed Gramma Day sitting in her usual spot on the porch, eying her speculatively, and gave her a silent wave. Claire was relieved Gramma Day didn't invite her to stay and chat.  She normally loved the old woman's cold lemonade, with just the right amount of freshly squeezed lemons and sugar, but Claire couldn't shake the nagging feeling in the pit of her stomach and wanted to get to Myrnin as quickly as possible. Damn him for being so needy...and adorable...and brilliant...and bloodthirsty.
Gramma Day was the one who had warned her about the 'Trap-Door Spider' at the end of the alley; told her to cover her ears and never get close.  Because that was how he hunted.  He would lure his unsuspecting prey with his mind - and they would come.  Claire shivered when she remembered how he had done it to her before she knew him. He had whispered softly into her mind, and she couldn't distinguish where her thoughts ended and his began. It scared her to think what would have happened if Gramma Day had not been there to snap her out it.  He had never invaded her mind again after that, but it unnerved her; knowing he could speak directly into her consciousness and even compel her if he chose to.  She suspected the full scope of his mind-bending abilities, went well beyond even her understanding.
Yet, here she was, walking willingly to this man-monster who had somehow become her best friend.  She shook her head at the undeniable truth that she had to be nuttier than he was, for not only putting up with his crazy bag of tricks, but also actually enjoying herself (when she wasn't terrified out of her mind) while she did it.
Claire stopped at an unremarkable, broken-down looking shed. The exterior gave no indication to the world contained inside. She wasn't sure how and when it had happened, but this was her safe haven, a world she had grown to love. As irritating as he could be sometimes, she couldn't imagine her life without the wonder of learning from him and the completely unpredictable fun of being around him. Of course, that was on his good days.
To say Shane was not thrilled with the arrangement would be a definite understatement. He felt Myrnin was overly attached to Claire. And maybe Shane was right, but Claire was sure it was out of a mutual respect and enjoyment of the things only they could share together - books, science and philosophy. It did bind them together in way that even she couldn't really explain.