
As she stepped down the last few steps, she waited impatiently for her eyes to adjust to the semi darkness. She knew he was a vampire and all, but why the hell couldn't he use just the tiniest bit of modern appliances, instead of his crazy-ass wall sconces and string lighting?
Claire had made the mistake of driving him to the only home-improvement store in Morganville, a few months back, where he danced like a giddy school girl, when he found the garden section full of string lights. He insisted Claire buy all of the ones with the little paper globes around them. Thankfully, Amelie had supplied her with a credit card ahead of time, and Claire found herself loading thirty-two boxes of string lights into the car, carting them back to the lab. She had left it up to Myrnin to put them where he wanted them, and they were strewn across the ceiling, bookcases and furniture; like someone had tried 'rolling the place' with them (US teen prank, consisting of throwing rolls and rolls of toilet paper, all over the trees and property of another).
"Myrnin" she spoke softly. She knew he would be able to hear her. Hell, he had probably heard her heartbeat when she came in the door - making rudimentary social graces like speaking completely unnecessary.
There was no response and she fought back her natural survival instinct to fight or flight. Neither would do any good here. She knew that any sign of fear from her would have a very bad effect, immediately triggering his hunting instincts, that he so desperately tried to keep locked away, especially from her. He had come close, more than once to hurting her, when he was lost to that side of himself. In one moment he terrified her, but in the next second; it broke her heart, to see the shame and sadness that came to his face after the realization of what he'd done - yep, she was definitely the crazy one between the two of them.
"Myrnin?" she called again tentatively.
"Claire!" he exclaimed. "What took you so long? It's been almost twenty minutes!"
Claire released the breath she had been holding, rolled her eyes and decided not to dignify that question with a response.
She turned to see Myrnin standing at one of the tall lab tables. He had a stack of open books and was deeply engrossed, flipping pages. He suddenly slammed the top one shut and muttered, "Why, why, why?!" She guessed he didn't find the answer, because he just continued his mad dash through the next book.
Claire began, "Myrnin, tell me what you meant when you called".
"What?" He didn't look up but she could hear confusion in his tone. That wasn't good.
"Earlier. When you called, you said 'yesterday' was lost." She waited patiently for him to refocus.
He looked up to meet her eyes and she was so startled by the tortured expression reflected back at her, she couldn't help herself - she rushed to him, overwhelmingly alarmed about his wellbeing. He blinked wide and she saw his features transform in an instant. His eyes shifted crimson and he sunk lower into a stance she immediately recognized, and desperately wished she hadn't triggered, by her sudden advance.
He was hunting her now.