
"I just wanted to know what exactly happened to my father, what caused his death."
He squinted at me. "Why would you be asking such questions? Isn't it enough that he's dead?"
"No," I said, though I knew that it should have been and my question seemed rather morbid to him.
"Fine, it looked like he drowned, could be wrong though."
"So murder?" I asked, knowing my father wouldn't have gone near a body of water that was deep enough for him to drown in other than to bath at home.
he shook his head and gently pushed me backwards so he could get outside. "Look we don't know for sure it's murder yet. Now I have to get to work."
He then continued walking down the path. I followed after him down the path and then went in the opposite direction he did when I came to the end of the path.
-
I could tell by the way Eva was only slightly tired that she had recently gotten back from getting water from the lake out back of the hospital. Her forehead had smeared dirt on it from her wiping her hand across it when she was outside, because of perspiration no doubt. It was a pretty hot day today even though it was suppose to be autumn.
She had looked up sensing someone in the room with her. When she saw me she dropped what she was dealing with, stood up, wiped her hands on the skirt of her long white dress, and ran over to me to give me a hug. She pulled away from me, barely giving me time to hug back.
"Oh Alice, I'm so sorry about your father! I know you two were so close."
From her the sorry about your father didn't bother me because she actually meant it. She actually knew how close me and my father were. Very few could say such things and actually be honest.
Tears threatened to spill from my steel gray eyes once more. I fought them back to the best of my ability. I looked down. "Thank you," I said fiddling with my fingers.
"Well since you're here mind helping me clean the patient's laundry?" she asked.
I shook my head and sat down by the bucket and began cleaning without saying anything. That's what we did for a while just sat there cleaning. After a while I put the freshly clean sheet into a basket and slapped my hands together a few times causing water to fling off in opposite directions.
"Where are you wondering off to now?" she asked me as I headed for the door.
"To the sheriff building, maybe he'll have an answer now. After all it is the next day."
She shook her head mumbling something under her breath that I didn't catch, before continuing with the laundry.
-
I walked into the sheriff building, the screen door swinging closed behind me loudly.
The sheriff looked worn out and exhausted as he looked at the papers in front of him. His forehead was creased as he stared intently at them, his left hand covering the part of his face below the nose, elbow resting on the wooden desk he sat at.
He suddenly looked up at me as I had been walking further into the square room. "Need something miss? Maybe something having to do with your father?" He placed the papers down on the desk and leaned back in his chair, yawning loudly.
I nodded slowly. "Yes, I was just wondering if you could give me information about my father's death?"