
Mia's POVat first i had a tiny crush on dylan, acually it wasn't a crush i just liked him the first time i saw him but that's itnow everytime we call him bae , which is silly i knowbut that made me think about him more and morei don't know why but i think about him a lot , his beautiful eyes and perfect quiff and those lips i would love to feel those lips on mine WAIT WHAT omg i sound like a creep . hearing my name being called snaped me out of my thoughts"MIA!!""what do you want zoe""you have to text steve back , remember?""oh shit i forgot"i pulled my phone out of my bag and texted him , we were currently at zoe's it was sunday so im sure steve will get my text hopefully he gets the message that i don't want to go on a date with him.i texted him 'yeah i'd love to :) where are we going?'i waited for his reply 'how about getting coffe at starbucks''great! zoe loves it there''zoe?''oh forgot to tell you zoe is coming too'acually i didnt forget i just wanted to surprise him 'oh um yeah it's cool , i'll meet you there then'omg he's so mad , he wont even offer to pick me up , whatever i just didn't want him to get the wrong idea and think that i like him , wait did he even tell me what time'when are we meeting''oh sorry i forgot about that umm whenever you want''okay then we'll meet you at 7?''yeah see you'"okay we'll meet him at 7 at starbucks""let's hope that doesn't go awful" zow chuckled time flew fast cause we spent the day watching movies on netflix . we were gettin ready to meet steve i didn't dress up because it's not a date i just wore a simple 'i woke up like this white shirt with some black skinny jeans and my white vans and zoe wore the same thing but her shirt said 'be unique be yourself' and it was blue "call nick i bet he wouldn't mind driving us"i dialed nick and waited"hello"that's not nick . i here guys laughing and talking"hi is nick there?""oh Mia what's up" oh shit it's dyaln"oh dylan hi,zoe squeeled when she heard his name"what are you guys doing? busy" "nah we're just playing xbox , nick is playing so-i believe nick took the phone"hey lil sis , what's up""um i just needed a ride to starbucks" "okay , are you at zoe's""yeah""be right there""he's coming""i dont care!! what i care about us why the hell did dylan answer the phone , are they together""yeah with some other guys playing xbox""so they are friends now , cool"nick was here 10 minutes later we saw steve waiting , we ordered and talked and laughed , steve is a nice guy we had so much fun together i called nick and he picked us up , steve offered to take us but we didn't want to bother himwhen we got home i said bye to zoe and she went to her house i really dont feel like going to school tomorrow , i changed into my pj and went to bed ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------i was running and running , i need to win this i need to . just when i was about to reach the end of the line i heard some music , annoying music .it was bothering mei finally woke up , god i hate my alarm , had this ever happened to you , you're dreaming and you can clearly hear you're alarm but you think it's just like ... the background music of you're dreamanyway i got out of bed and headed to the bathroom , i brushed my teeth then took a shower and then got dressed i just dryed my hair , i didn't have the time to straight it , so it's just natural curly now i went downstairs to find mom and nick having breakfast"mom! hey" i kissed her cheek"you didn't go to work early today""yeah i wanted to see my kids and have breakfast with them before i go" "mom! we're not kids anymore , nick is a senior""dont remind me"we had our breakfast and headed to the door , mom took her car , me and nick took his "nick , dont you think i should get my licence""if you want to i can talk to mom""i really want to""you got it i'll talk to her tonight""thanks nick"--------------------------------------------------------------------finally its lunch i'm starving . we sat on our usual table , zoe basicly on ethan's lap.ethan went to talk to his friends so i took this as a chance to tell zoe "hey , what are you thinking about""zoe can you keep a secret""oh...." she sat next to me"what is it , you know you can tell me anything"i love how zoe acts that she doesnt care all the time , but when i need her she's always there for me , and sometimes she makes a huge deal of everything"calm down zoe" i laughed"i just wanted to tell you something" she nodded"do you like dylan?" i asked "not as a friend""of course he is perfect, but not like LIKE him""exactly, i liked him the same way""liked!? wait do you really like him""i believe i do"
i tried to make it longer this timeP.S Don't forget to smile :)