
* * *This is a sequel to Forbidden Destiny. Forbidden Destiny is recommended to be read first. Note, if you do read this story first, you may not be able to enjoy Forbidden Destiny as there are major spoilers through this book. There will also be a memory lane, which means you'll be pretty confused when I mention anything from the past. Nevertheless, you may read this story, and I hope you enjoy it.
Deceased cats will not be mentioned in the Allegiance.
© All rights reserved.
These cats belong to the rightful owners of a Warrior Cats RP group. They have given permission to let me use their OC's as a characters in this book.*  * *
THUNDERCLAN
LEADER: Badgerstar- Very light brown tom with three lengthwise black stripes (teal eyes)
DEPUTY: Sootstripe- Dark gray tom with black stripes and citrine eyes
MEDICINE CATS: Silentfeather- A dark grey tom with white ear tips and white 'socks' on his paws
Fracturedberry- Gray tabby she-cat with white underbelly, paws and green eyes
WARRIORS:
Moonpelt- Silvery she-cat with lighter fur on her neck, and white leading from her nose to her striking blue eyes, black paws, and white scruffy chest
Lightoak- Light-tanned she-cat. Her paws and tip of tail are white. She has ice-blue eyes
Shadowfang- Dark grey tom with piercing purple/icy blue eyes
Webclaw- Light gray tom with pale green eyes
Lilacpool- Silverish-blue she-cat with bright violet eyes
Starlight- White she-cat with what looks like a black stare on her back.
Raventalon- Black tom with unusual violet eyes and white paws.
Lionflames- Golden tom with a tuft of longer fur at the tail and black flecks on the muzzle. Brown eyes.
APPRENTICES:
Skypaw- Silver tom with white spots and blue eyes. Mentored by Webclaw
Dawnpaw- White she-cat with blue/violet eyes. Mentored by Lightoak
QUEENS (EXPECTING OR NURSING) + KITS:
Morningwish- Light brown she-cat with black stripes and glistening aqua eyes
Mintkit- Hazel she-kit with black stripes, and light minty eyes
Dawnlight- Dark gray she-cat with white legs (and paws), and blue eyes
Hootkit- Brown tom with black flecks and dark brown eyes
Bluelight- A cream brown she-cat with a dark grey mask, slender body and light blue eyes
ELDERS:
Echoheart- Old black she-cat with grey around her muzzle and amber eyes
Cherrybreeze- Dark ginger she-cat (almost red) with lighter flecks and very light gray eyes

SHADOWCLAN
LEADER: Wolfstar- A brownish, golden-ish, fall colored she cat. Mates with Jaggedclaw
DEPUTY: Clearspirit- A silver tabby tom with white belly-fur that goes up to his neck. He has a little Splotch of black fur on his nose.