
The snow was falling harder by the minute, and the camp was already turning white and cold. The day got darker as the moon was about to rise, but with all the clouds no one could see the night light of the sky.
While snowflakes continued to dapple across the forest, Badgerstar pasted around the clearing anxiously as he ignores the cold wind that is freezing his whiskers and fur.
Suddenly, someone nudged him on the flank, he looked behind him to see Moonpelt, one of his senior warriors.
"Aren't you getting cold outside?" She asked as she lets out a shiver, and gestured towards his pelt with a nod.
He looks at his back which was covered in white as more snow began patching up. He shook himself rapidly before looking at the nursery. "Not when my daughter is giving birth to my grand kits," he finally spoke as excitement sparked in him.
Moonpelt frowned and shook her head. "They're half clan kits," she said, slightly growling.
Badgerstar glared at her. "And they are still my grand kits. Flesh and blood," he growled back.
Moonpelt was taken aback when she realized what she said was extremely rude. "I'm sorry," she apologized, "nevertheless, I still can't wait to see them."
Badgerstar lets out a sigh and smiled at the she-cat. "Same here."
Moments later, after Badgerstar had to shake another round of snow off of him and Moonpelt had left him to get warm. The scent of milk came from the entrance of the nursery as Fracturedberry and Silentfeather stepped out.
A grin escaped from Badgerstar's lips when he saw them. "How is she?"
"She's fine," Fracturedberry replied and took a deep breath as if she was exhausted.
"But..." Silentfeather's voice trailed off, and a spike of sadness shown in his eyes.
Badgerstar's eyes widened. He felt a cold chill running down his spine and this time, it wasn't from the cold icy wind. "But what?" He demanded.
"But," Fracturedberry meowed as Silentfeather lowered his head. "Unfortunately, two of Morningwish's newborns did not make it."
Badgerstar stood there in shock, with his mouth wide open. A pang of sorrow began to fill in him, and it took so many strength to conquer the despair and finally spoke. "How many survived?"
Fracturedberry licked his ears to comfort him. "One."
Though the sorrow still lingered in him, he felt a glint of hope.
"You may go in and check on her if you wish," Silentfeather meowed and nodded towards the den.
Badgerstar nodded. "Thank you for trying," he said. As he walked towards the nursery, his tail dropped at the sight of Morningwish. She must feel so much pain.
Badgertstar entered the nursery. Dawnlight was restraining Hootkit who was eager to see the newborn, not knowing the awful situation that happened. Bluelight huddled beside Morningwish as Morningwish had her head buried in Bluelight's chest.
Bluelight nodded at him as he approached the two queens. By giving Bluelight the 'I need to talk with her alone' look, Bluelight got up gently and walked towards Dawnlight who was having trouble keeping Hootkit quiet.
"Are you okay?" Badgerstar asked softly.
Morningwish looked up with pain and... anger in her eyes. "This must have been a way of punishment from StarClan," she muttered, losing control of her anger as a growl escaped. "A punishment for having Swiftstorm's kits..."