
"Thank you for letting me stay," Tawny dipped her head at Eclipsestar. Another morning had past, and Tawny was ready to move on to visit another clan.
Eclipsestar nodded in acknowledgement. "Are you going to ShadowClan next?" She asked.
Tawny lets out a smirk. "No, not yet. ShadowClan will be the second last to visit. That clan has a special place in my heart that I won't forget."
"So I'm guessing WindClan is next?" She asked as she narrowed her eyes at the fallen-colored she-cat.
Tawny nodded. "Yes, of course. To be honest, I haven't ran so much lately. But I think WindClan could get me back in shape for it," she meowed, half joking.
Eclipsestar smiled. "Of course. WindClan is always swift and elegant through their field of moors."
"I better be going than," she said as she padded towards the entrance.
"Here, let Cherryshine escort you there."
Tawny's ears twitched. She knows that the clan cats won't ever trust her, but she had always felt offended when they said they'll send a cat to 'escort' them out. "Of course," she murmured, as she waited for the RiverClan deputy.
Cherryshine walked up to Tawny before nodding her head towards the entrance. "Let's go."
Without a reply, Tawny takes the lead. She knew every inch of this territory from exploring it yesterday, but even before she had past through RiverClan's territory and known the trail.
Coming back here, and just sleeping in this part of land for one night made her feel at home, even though RiverClan was not her home clan. Although she felt more at home, she hated the feeling. She didn't want her old life, she didn't want to go back to her old self. Her old self was weak with love and it made her life miserable.
When she ran away from the forest, the home she once grew up in, she felt so free and alive. Now coming back here made her tense, as the old memories started to rush back, but it was her own choice to come back.
She had unfinished business to attend to, and that's all that it mattered. It made her feel much more better to know that she didn't just come here because her heart told her to. She was sick of listening to her heart, she stopped doing that long ago, long when her heart was first shattered to pieces. It's not a surprise that Tawny is now ice-cold from inside and out. Now all she can think of is revenge and that's the only thing she and her heart can agree on.
Soon, the water fall and the fence that separated RiverClan's territory with the farm came to view. On the way, Cherryshine and Tawny had not spoken a single word to each other. As she came to the fence, she immediately jumps on it and looks down at Cherryshine whose ears were twitching.
"It's time to say good bye," Tawny said, though her voice was emotionless.
Cherryshine nodded. "Good luck with WindClan, they can sometimes be very stubborn."
Tawny purred in amusement. "Oh I can handle those rabbit-chasing cats. I persuaded you guys, so how hard is to persuade a WindClan cat?"
Cherryshine licked her lips in frustration. "You didn't persuade us, I already invited you in. Besides, since you left, the WindClan cats have grown to have strong opinions. They aren't as easy minded as before. So be careful," Cherryshine stated.
Tawny flicked her tail at Cherryshine from the fence. "Luck is by my side. Don't worry about me," she meowed and jumped off the fence. Once her paws touched the ground, she didn't turn around to see Cherryshine's reaction, instead she continued to walk towards the WindClan territory.