
It was sunhigh, and the third time Badgerstar decided to visit his new flesh and blood. He poked his head in the nursery and his whiskers shivered at the anticipation-feeling that kept clinging on him. Morningwish was laying down, grooming her long light brown coat.
"Did you name her yet?" He spoke so suddenly that it made Morningwish jump a little.
Morningwish shooked her head. "Not yet. I want to give her a different but unique name. Maybe I'll think of one when she opens her eyes," Morningwish replied and continued to groom.
"The day when this little one opens her eyes is so far away," Badgerstar whines.
Morningwish purred in amusement, she's looking so much better than compared to yesterday.
This morning, when Badgerstar visited her, he finally saw her smile since she lost her kits. The grieve she felt was strong but the hope she felt was stronger and she soon snapped back into her old self. Badgerstar nodded. "Tell me when you name her," he meowed.
Morningwish rolled her eyes. "That's the tenth time you told me before," she sighed and shook her head with a small smile.
Badgerstar crossed his right paw to his left side. "Well... names are important in life, that is what you will always be identified with," he nodded approvingly at his own words.
Morningwish nodded, also agreeing. "Yes, and I promise I'll tell you. Just wait and let the time fly past," she told him, and began to groom the little one who was curled up beside her belly.
"Fine, fine." He sighed. "Well I'll be going, take care." He forgot he had his paws crossed together and he almost tripped over them. He quickly walked away, feeling embarrassed. Before he left, he heard the queens laughing in amusement.
He licked his paw before swiping it over his ears. Then he decided to check up on his deputy, Sootstripe who was sitting at the fresh-kill pile, eating a sparrow. As he walked up, he asked, "has there been any news on patrol?"
Sootstripe shooked his head, and licked his lips. "Nothing new, I've heard that ShadowClan has a new deputy though," he meowed.
Badgerstar perked his ears. "What happened to Swiftstorm?" He asked, a little anxious and curious to find out.
"He stepped down. Some cats wouldn't trust him anymore," Sootstripe explained and took another bite out of the sparrow.
Badgerstar frowned, and shook his head in disappointment. He then looked towards the fresh-kill pile and a worried look swiped across his face. There wasn't much to offer besides a few mice and wild birds. It looked pretty empty already and leaf-bare has just begun.
Sootstripe cleared his throat, he immediately noticed Badgerstar's expression. "The prey is getting scarce already," he licked his lips and looked down at his half-eaten sparrow. "I just came back from a hunting patrol and there was no luck of finding a lot."
Badgerstar's ears twitched. "I think I'll go hunting. We really need more prey."
"Do you want me to go with you?" Sootstripe asked and stood up.
"No, that's alright," Badgerstar meowed, "just finish your meal. I haven't went out to stretch my paws for a long while now. A good run for me is good exercise."
Sootstripe blinked in understanding and smiled. "Good luck! May StarClan help you with the hunt." He dipped his head respectfully and sat down again to finish his sparrow.
Badgerstar smiled. "Thank you," he mewed in gratitude, and then began to walk off into the forest.
The trees were bare, not a single leaf hanged from the branches. The small breeze was replaced by could wind which made a loud whistling sound. The snow had melted this morning, but the ground was matted with puddles. The sky was covered in gray, not a peak of the sun could be seen. Frost were forming on the grass from the cold wind, and Badgerstar had to stop and shake himself from the droplets of water that were falling down from the branches.