
"I'm doing a lot better when I lived here," Tawny replied. "I do miss you thought."
"Where did you go?" Doveflight asked, her voice becoming more gentle. Of all cats from any clan besides her kins, Doveflight knew her the best.
"The cities," Tawny mewed and threw a smile.
"The what?" Silverpool asked in confusion.
"Oh right..." Tawny almost forgot that the clan cats weren't use to what the alley-cats know. "It's just a large place where twoleg build dens and it's just big and fascinating with flashing lights on streets... erm... roads and so many different food." She licked her lips at the thought of rodent and birds there. With the twoleg and their own food, her prey was never ending. Plus sometimes her twoleg will also share their whip cream that was delicious.
"Tawny... hello?!" Doveflight called her names repeatedly and even waved her tail in front of Tawny's face. Only until Doveflight nudged her side, almost knocking her down till the she-cat came to reality again.
"Oh sorry, what were we talking about again?"
"Your old life when you left," she told her.
"Oh yeah!"
"I'm here and listening. Why don't you start by telling my why you left your former home," Doveflight mewed and tilted her head. "You never finished with why last time we talked."
Tawny hesitated, looking at Silverpool. Silverpool noticed and licked her shoulders. "Well... I'll be going to check on Feathershine, she's expecting kits," the she-cat mewed and head to the tunnel entrance.
"Okay," Tawny sighed. "It's really about time for me to share this. But I have not spoken about it to anyone for a long time."
Doveflight laid her body down, her back legs stretching across the mossy floor that the medicine cats were smart enough to lay on the ground that they step on so their paws won't get dirty. "I'm listening," Doveflight said as she tucked in her front paws in her chest fur.
Tawny also sat down, in a position which she was most comfortable with. "It really started with a tom, but..."

* * *
A/N: Just wanted to apologize for not updating for so long :( I've been really busy with school work and on the weekends, I just really needed the break.
However, I'm so glad that most of you are still sticking around!
I hope you enjoyed this chapter, though it was mostly fillers in it. Don't forget to vote/comment.
Q: What do you think Tawny's real story is of her past? "It started with a tom."