
ThunderClan carried on with their duty as the sun rose higher above the sky. Badgerstar watched the entrance as two figures walked in. It was Silentfeather and Fracturedberry, they were finally back from their journey to the Moonpool.
Once Silentfeather was in the camp, he looked straight at Badgerstar with a serious expression. Silentfeather whispered into Fracturedberry's ears, before the she-cat gave him a curt nod and walked off to the medicine den. Silentfeather then nodded at Badgerstar who could feel the significance from his look and flicks his tail as a signal to meet him in his den.
Badgerstar walked into his own den and sat down as he waited for the tom. When Silentfeather appeared, Badgerstar immediately asked, "what's wrong? Have StarClan sent a message?"
Silentfeather sat in front of Badgerstar and nodded. "A prophecy," he spoke.
Badgerstar lean forward. "Go on," he ordered.
Silentfeather closed his eyes for a brief moment and than opened them. "The badger and his kins must be sacrificed to stop the golden flames from destroying the peace of the forest," he chanted the prophecy.
Silence clung in Badgerstar as his fur began to prickle. He repeated the prophecy over and over again in his head, to soak the information in. It wasn't until Silentfeather cleared his throat until Badgerstar finally spoke, "the badger and his kins..."
"Must be sacrificed," Silentfeather finishes the sentence for his leader.
"What badger will sacrifice himself and his kins?" Badgerstar asked, feeling a bit bewildered, because he knew exactly what this part of the prophecy meant.
Silentfeather shuffled in his seat uncomfortably. "Maybe we can find a wild badger to be sacrificed," Silentfeather suggested, even though, he too knew what kind of "badger" must be sacrificed.
Badgerstar shook his head and stood up. "If it means to sacrifice myself for the clan, I will do it," he stated.
Silentfeather licked his lips. "We might be interpreting it wrong."
"I don't think so," Badgerstar meowed, "it said a badger and his kin must be sacrificed. I'm the only 'badger' here willing to die for the clan."
Silentfeather took a deep breath. "But what about Morningwish? She's your only kin."
Badgerstar's ears twitched. "Maybe we can turn this around, maybe I will be the only one to sacrifice myself. The prophecy might not even be true for all we know," Badgerstar said, as he tried to make himself feel a bit better. But deep inside, he knew that all prophecies had come true in one point. "At least I can try to prevent it.."
"How will you do that?" Silentfeather asked.
"I don't know..." Badgerstar sat back down, "maybe if I leave her out of whatever danger is coming, she will be safe."
Silentfeather snorted. "Unlikely, but we can try," he meowed.
Badgerstar nodded. "First, we need to find out what kind of danger is ready to pounce at us," he said.
Silentfeather nodded in agreement. "What do you think it could be?" He asked.
"The golden flames," Badgerstar repeated this part from the prophecy out loud, before feeling a frighten sensation. "What if it's going to be a forest fire?"
"But how does that destroy the peace of the forest?" Silentfeather asked.
Badgerstar shrugged. "It could be a forest fire," he guessed.
Silentfeather sighed. "It's better to search the area to see if anything suspicious is happening," he stated.