
The sounds of voices, paw-steps, and chilly wind were heard when the patrol, and Tawny got closer to the camp. Tawny shivered as she padded on the wet moors, that was covered in snow. How do WindClan cats even live in such an open space, She wondered as she looked up.
On the moors, there were no trees that had branches stretching the skies that could cover the sky. The place was filled with only bushes, but little amounts that made Tawny uncomfortable.
She loved the open space most of the times, but she liked living under a roof when the weather got cold. Tawny had traveled far from this place to get rid of the painful memories. It was sad to think back of the old days, but she was ready to face her past. "Are we there yet?" She asked grumpily as her paws sank in the wet moors.
The moors had always been pretty soaked, and now it was even more wet with the melted snow. It was freezing too, making Tawny's paws itchy.
"Yes, can't you hear chattering of cats?" Flamefeather replied without glancing back at her.
Tawny strained her ears to hear anything. She shrugged to herself when silence was all she could hear."So how's WindClan?" Tawny asked.
"Fine," once again it was Flamefeather who replied.
"Anything new?"
Flamefeather stopped. "Okay, look," she meowed, "just because you are a visitor doesn't mean you get to know every single detail of WindClan. What's "new" is our business. We aren't poking into yours either."
Tawny flattened her ears in frustration. She was just trying to make a conversation. Walking in the leaf-bare wind wasn't easy, there were no trees to block the path of the breeze and the wind kept hitting her face, making her colder than usual. Talking actually made her warm. "Fine," she muttered as they entered a gorse tunnel.
The tunnel was pretty tiny, Tawny had to crouch down and half crawl, half walk to the other side. "Couldn't we have went over this place?" Tawny asked.
Dappletooth looked back in amusement. "Yes, but where's the fun?"
Tawny snorted. Fun was the last thing she wanted. Tawny was getting older each day, even though she had fed herself healthier when she lived with her twolegs. Still, she was aging and her bones had began to ache.
For most cats, Tawny was never considered old. In fact, most cats that didn't know her very well thought she was still a young cat. Of course, if she was still a clan cat; battling, going hungry, Tawny would have already been joining the elders with all the hardships.
When they were finally out of the gorse bush, Tawny stood there, staring at the cloudy sky. WindClan had zero coverage in the camp, and Tawny felt like she was still wondering outside; cold and itchy. She watched two apprentice play-fight near where she stood.
Bravestar, the leader stood at a little bumped earth- forming a tiny hill- with a hole at the bottom. Tawny thought it was the leader's den until a queen that is expecting kits, come out of the den and walked towards the fresh-kill pile.
She sniffed at the strong smell of grass. It was the same scent she smelled when she was adopted by a twoleg who cut the grass with this twoleg-object that made very loud noises. She shivered at the monstrous sound that it made. To this day, she still wonders why he only works with this monster on a fine morning that was good for sleeping.
Too deep in thought of her life in the cities, Tawny hadn't notice Bravestar padding towards her with curiosity in his eyes. Until Dappletooth tapped on her shoulder with her tail that she finally realized the WindClan leader standing in front of her.