
Not a single prey could be heard. Not even the lovely sound of birds that use to sing in the leaf-fall breeze. The dirt did leave small foot prints of mice, and squirrel. Occasionally there will be feathers laying on the ground. Badgerstar wanted to take the feathers for the nest of the nursery and elders, but not just now. His paws carried him towards ShadowClan border, and soon, he heard a small squeak.
Badgerstar immediately crouched low, making his old bones ache in pain. Badgerstar winced a bit. He had stopped hunting a long time ago, he wasn't fit to move swiftly at this age. He did go on patrols and catch prey once in a while for only the group that he was patrolling with, but other then that, he hasn't offered any prey to the fresh-kill pile for many moons.
Slowly, and carefully he stalked forward. Pin-pointing the scrawny mouse that was facing away from him. The wind was also blowing towards him so the mouse wouldn't smell him. The scent of prey grew stronger as he stalked forward, his mouth began to water in suspense. When he finally got to the striking point, he jumped forward, but instead of catching the mouse, an unfamiliar figure jumped out and swiftly killed the creature.
A frustrated growl escaped Badgerstar. "That is ThunderClan's prey!" He growled in complaint. "Who are you?"
The brown tabby turned around, and Badgerstar immediately recognized him. "Calm down Badgerstar," a soft but deep voice said, "it's only me, Swiftstorm."
Badgerstar expressed his frustration with a snort. "What in StarClan are you doing here?" He asked with hostility. "This is not your territory."
Swiftstorm stepped back, looking a little taken aback. "I-I've heard that Morningwish had kitted two nights ago," he stuttered, and nudged the limb body of the mouse towards him.
Badgerstar narrowed his eyes. "Where did you hear that from?"
"From Silentfeather, he was collecting herbs near the abandon twoleg nest when he told me," he explained. "I-I was just wondering if I could see my kits."
"Kit..." Badgerstar corrected, as he flattened his ears in sorrow.
Swiftstorm tilted his head in confusion. "I guess that's what I meant. Silentfeather never told me how many there were."
"There were three," Badgerstar muttered.
Swiftstorm eyes widened. "What?" His mouth was hung open in shock, just like how Badgerstar had reacted. Badgerstar could see Swiftstorm's fur spiking a little, and despair swiped through his eyes.
"There were three, but two little ones didn't make it," Badgerstar explained with a very low tone. "However, we decided to name them."
Swiftstorm's ears perked, he looked eager to know. "What's there names?"
"The little survivor hasn't been named yet, Morningwish is still waiting for the right time," Badgerstar continued to explain. Even though, Swiftstorm was a ShadowClan cat, he had the right to know. He is the father of the kits. "The other two were named Stormkit, and Goldkit."
Swiftstorm smiled and nodded his head repeatedly, indicating he approved the choice of names. "Those are wonderful names! So... am I allowed to see my kits?"
"Kit," Badgerstar corrected again.