
Silentfeather's ears twitched at the sound of the name, and the tone that she gave off. The she-cat was just too close to him to forget. He licked his lips before forming a smile. "Blizzard who?" He joked.
The she-cat's eyes widened in shock as she stares at him with her mouth hanging open. "You fox-heart," she growled and jumped at Silentfeather.
Silentfeather dodged her attack by stepping aside and watched Blizzardfur topple over. "I was joking," he laughed. "How can I forget my favorite sister?"
"You better not," she scowled at him as she got up and licked herself clean from all the dust.
"How have you been?" Silentfeather asked, while he walked to her and licked her cheek. "I haven't seen you for a long time... I've missed you."
She gave him a small smile. "I'm doing fine in StarClan. I have missed you too," she purred and nuzzled her big brother.
"So.." Silentfeather began to swing his tail. "Why have you come to visit me?"
Blizzardfur's smile slowly faded. "I'm here to let you know about a new prophecy," she meowed, the friendly tone soon disappearing.
Silentfeather mimicked her serious expression. "What is it?"
"The badger and his kins must be sacrificed to stop the golden flames from destroying the peace of the forest."
"What does it mean?" Silentfeather asked.
Blizzardfur's ears twitched. "If I knew what it meant, I could have just told you," she meowed and rolled her eyes.
Silentfeather licked his lips. "What do you think it means?" He corrected his question from the previous one.
Blizzardfur shooked her head. "I don't know Silentfeather," she said as she leaned forward and touched his nose. "All I know is that the prophecy is hinting of a great darkness coming to the forest. One so strong that many cats may lose their lives because of it."
"What do I do?" Silentfeather asked, feeling a little bit helpless.
Blizzardfur nodded to herself as if she had received another message. "Silentfeather," she called as she began to fade away.
Silentfeather looked into her sister's beautiful peachy eyes. "What is it?"
"The darkness will bring a great battle, and you cannot win the battle alone. Reach out for a cat that you trust the most and find the meaning behind this prophecy before it's too late," Blizzardfur said her final words before vanishing into a bright star again.
Silentfeather watched the light hop from the ground and swiftly run back into it's former place, the beautiful territory of StarClan. For a moment, he was lost in the peaceful field of long grass as it blew west from the wind. Momentarily, Blizzarfur's voice echoed in his ears, repeating the prophecy.
The badger and his kins must be sacrificed to stop the golden flames from destroying the peace of the forest.
As the prophecy continued to ring in Silentfeather's ears, it slowly turned into a never ending melody that echoed through the field.
* * *
Silentfeather woke dramatically as his heart beats faster then usual in his chest. He had never felt so uncomfortable from a prophecy. Usually some parts of a prophecy would have made a little sense by the condition, but now, his mind was blank and utterly confused.
As he continued to think of the prophecy, Fracturedberry and the others were already awake.