
They'll be surprised to see me again, Tawny thought. Though, this brought back her old memories, she did have some memories she enjoyed. Especially one memory that had to do with WindClan. Tawny was a cat that had always followed the rules. Every rules except for one. The one where you aren't allowed to make friends with other clan cats, which is what she exactly did. Her friendship with the WindClan's medicine cat was unbreakable in the past. I wonder if she still remembers me, sweet old Doveflight.
* * *
The clouds covered the sky as Tawny padded through the snow. Even though it snowed heavily yesterday, the sun from this morning melted a patch of it. Leaf-bare was here but it was just the beginning, the first day of the icy winds are never that bad.
The journey to WindClan had finally ended as she arrived after jumping over the horse-fence. Tawny had noticed that in Leaf-bare twolegs wouldn't usually bring their horses outside. Unlike most cats, she liked the presence of the horse, it reminded her of Newleaf and Greenleaf, two seasons that won't let you go hungry.
Straightaway, a WindClan patrol appeared as Tawny stepped foot in their territory. What a coincidence. The WindClan cats also spotted her and immediately padded towards her. Tawny could see that some were concern while others were surprised. All these moons, did they really recognize me?
"Do I know you from somewhere?" A reddish-brown she-cat asked, curiosity were shown in her pale green eyes.
Tawny smiled in amusement. She was kind of surprised that she still remembered half these cats and some of their names. "My name is Tawny," she introduced, "you may have known me by another name. I know you do Flamefeather."
The red-brown she-cat looked at Tawny in shock. "You remembered my name?"
"Of course I do," Tawny purred.
"I do remember you," Flamefeather licked her paw and swiped it over her ears. "Just wasn't sure. You say you changed your name to-"
"Tawny," she told her once more.
"Ah yes. I heard you ran away-"
"Than what you heard is right, but I have my own personal reasons," she interrupted the WindClan she-cat.
Flamefeather narrowed her eyes. "Why are you back?"
"Can't I visit my home?"
"Sure you can," an orange tabby she-cat spoke up as she padded to the front and stood beside Flamefeather. "But what's the real reason?"
Tawny smirked. "It's a surprise, but not for you to learn Dappletooth. But I'm actually here to visit the moors."
Flamefeather continued to narrow her eyes in suspicion. "Why?"
"A cat can be home sick. I want to explore the moors before moving onto ShadowClan."
"ShadowClan is further though, why not just go straight to ThunderClan?" The light gray tom who had not spoken, asked.
"I have a surprise for ShadowClan to see," she mewed and licked her chest. "So can I visit or not?"
Flamefeather waved her tail with hesitation. "Maybe we will let you."
"What?" Dappletooth meowed in surprise.
"I'm sure Bravestar will be happy to see you again," she grinned, with a little menacing tone.
Tawny rolled her eyes. "Sure. I just want to visit Doveflight."
Dappletooth couldn't help but purr. "I remember how close you two were, even if you weren't from the same clan."