
Badgerstar began to nod. "I'll tell the warriors to watch out for any twolegs that may cause harm," he meowed before getting up.
Silentfeather also stood up. "In the meantime, I'll try my best to interpret the real message behind this prophecy," Silentfeather meowed.
"Thanks," Badgerstar smiled and walked out of his den with the medicine tom.
* * *
The water splashed between her paws as she caught the water vole and killed it with a swift bite on the neck. She licked her lips before biting her meal.
Suddenly paw steps were heard and a yowl interrupted in the clearing, making the fall colored she-cat jump. She looked up to see three glossy-coated cats running towards her. She looked down at her prey and continued to eat the vole with not a single care in the world.
"Hey!" A tom yowled again from the group of cats.
"You're trespassing on RiverClan territory," another tom growled as they all approached her.
Once the fall colored she-cat finished her last bite, she sat up straight looking at the three approaching cat. She flicked her tail before speaking, "I know I am."
The first tom, a tortoiseshell narrowed his eyes in suspicious. "If you knew, why will you stay? Are you not afraid that we will kill you?"
The fall colored she-cat smiled. "No, of course not. I know how you clan cats work. I know everything about the warrior code and StarClan," she swiftly spoke with pride. "And I know you will not kill me."
The second tom, a dark tabby snorted. "Try me," he growled and took a step forward. "I bet your just making excuses."
A smirk began to form. "Believe what you want," she said, "but you don't know my history."
"Wait," another cat, a sandy colored she-cat stepped up from the quiet spot that she was in. She lifted her head and scanned the stranger from top to bottom. "Don't I know you from somewhere?"
The smirk grew from the fall colored she-cat's lips. "Maybe, maybe not," she replied, "my name is Tawny."
"Tawny..." The sandy she-cat spoke, "I'm Cherryshine, and can I ask why are you here?"
"This was my former home once," she replied, her voice becoming soft, "I just... I just want to revisit this place."
"Oh really?" The dark tabby continued to ask with a suspicious tone in his voice.
Tawny began to nod.
Cherryshine looked at the two other toms, exchanging glances that Tawny was strangely familiar with. She knew what was coming next.
One tom yawned with boredom, while the other just rolled his eyes. Cherryshine smiled at Tawny. "Maybe you'll want to start off with RiverClan," she suggested.
"That is a mouse-brained move!" The dark tabby hissed. "RiverClan is a no kittypet, loner or rogue zone! Besides, why will we let a stranger in our camp. She could be a spy for all we know!"
"Don't be rude Darksky!" Cherryshine scolded.
"I could though," Tawny agreed, "but I'm not. Have you guys ever met me before?"
"No," Darksky murmurd. "That doesn't mean the other clans haven't already met you."
Tawny shrugged. "Oh well, but I'll still be strolling around RiverClan even if you won't guide me yourself," she commented, trying to bite back a smile. "And you can't do anything about it."