
Swiftstorm drew back his lips. "I'm still a ShadowClan cat," he growled, "you can't expect me to know everything that is going on. You can't expect me to always be there for her when I'm in a different clan."
Badgerstar watched the scene silently. Both sides were right, but the old tom did feel bad for the ShadowClan father. The scent of hostility were rising in the air. Badgerstar could clearly see that the two queens didn't trust Swiftstorm, even though he was the kit's father. The mother's instinct of the two queens quickly snapped out for Morningwish.
"Then maybe you should just leave." This time, it was Morningwish who spoke.
Swiftstorm stood there dumbfounded with his mouth wide open. He couldn't believe that Morningwish would agree with the two she-cats. Sure they were her clanmates, but he was her mate. Morningwish changed, and Swiftstorm didn't know why. He waved his tail in frustration, and finally closed his dried mouth. He licked his lips and stepped one paw forward.
Morningwish shook her head. "You can either leave... or stay," Morningwish looked straight at Swiftstorm. "Stay with me," she pleaded in a low tone as their eyes locked together.
Dawnlight and Bluelight looked at each other in astonishment, while Hootkit continued to play with the dried moss ball. Badgerstar had also realized what she said, and walked up and stood beside Swiftstorm. He was pretty speechless in this situation, it was not his time to argue.
Morningwish looked from her kit and then to Swiftstorm, waiting for his final answer. Morningwish watched the ShadowClan tom as he stood there with confusion in his eyes. She noticed the twitching of his ears, and she was scared of the answer. She already knew what it was. Swiftstorm took a deep breath. "I- I can't," he stuttered and lowered his head. "I was born and raised in ShadowClan. It's- it's my home."
Small amount of pain stabbed Morningwish. She nodded as if she understood and accepted it, and looked down at her kit before circling around, and faced her back at Swiftstorm. Morningwish still had feelings for Swiftstorm, of course she does. She loves him. But her love can't continue if Swiftstorm couldn't support her, and not be their when their daughter grew up. "You can leave then," she meowed softly. "Leave..."
"Can't I at least see her... my daughter?" He felt a surged of anxiety for a few moments as he asked the question.
Morningwish felt a brush of her fur on her back and she turned around to see her father. "Just let him," he whispered. "I'll make him promise to never come back. If that is what you want..." Morningwish thought for a bit.
Silence filled the nursery, besides the tiny scraping of dried moss as Hootkit kept tossing it in the air, and letting it drop to the ground. It took forever for Morningwish to actually respond. "Fine, but he's not welcomed in my den," Morningwish meowed coldly. "Only ThunderClan cats would be allowed."
Badgerstar frowned at her new attitude. He also realized how much she had changed since she had met Swiftstorm. He curtly nodded and looked over at Swiftstorm who stood there with numbed paws.
---
The ShadowClan cat took a step forward and Morningwish turned around to reveal the little one. Swiftstorm's eyes widened with pride. He watched the hazel, black-striped she-kit switch position as she slept comfortably at her mother's belly. When Swiftstorm tried stepping forward to touch the little one with his nose, Morningwish immediately blocked the path with her tail and half covered the kit.