
Tawny licked her chest fur to cover the embarrassment. Bravestar's eyes were narrowed, curiosity and suspicion clouded his eyes. "Flamefeather explains to me that you are here to visit... Doveflight?" He asked, still quite suspicious in this situation. Tawny could tell that he recognized her and he was lacking the trust because of who her true clanmates are.
"Yes," she finally answered. "Also the whole of WindClan?"
A low rumbled came from Bravestar. "Why will I let you explore WindClan? If I do, then you'll know every inch of this territory. How will I know you aren't working with some other clan?" He asked.
"Because..." Tawny mewed, trying to think of a valid reason. "I'm visiting my former home. Besides you know I won't work with RiverClan and if you have heard of my past, you will know I will definitely not work with ShadowClan and ThunderClan." Tawny spat the word 'ThunderClan'.
Bravestar still looked at her as if she was untrustworthy. Well maybe he has the right to not trust her, but Tawny knows that she was sincere with her words, and she held no grudge to this clan. Especially when a good old friend was born and raised here.
"I promise that I'm not working with any clan," she told him when he didn't meow a single word.
Bravestar licked his lips. He was thinking about it. "Fine," he spoke after a few minutes, "you may stay and explore. But that's it. You cannot take prey from our pile and you will be watched closely.'
Tawny smiled and dipped her head. "That's fine with me," she happily mewed. "May I visit Doveflight?"
"Of course," Bravestar meowed, finally twitching a tiny smile towards her. "Now, I must talk with my patrol. Any news?" He asked as Tawny  nodded in understanding and left to find the medicine den.
"Do you know where it is?" A voice came from behind.
Tawny looked over to see a silver tabby she-cat with blue eyes. "Hm?"
"The medicine den silly. I heard the conversation with Bravestar," she spoke in a gentle voice.
"Oh..." Tawny made an '0' shape with her mouth as she understood what the young silver she-cat said. "To be honest, I don't," she mewed in embarrassment, not knowing what she was thinking when she left Bravestar without asking where Doveflight's den was.
"I can take you to it," the young she-cat offered. "Hey, my name's Silverpool. I'm Doveflight's apprentice."
While she introduced herself, Tawny nodded in an approvingly manner. Also thinking; Doveflight has chose the right apprentice. She always knows what's best.
Tawny let out a purr. "Sure. My name's Tawny."
Silverpool smiled and lead the way. "I've heard."
The she-cat was leading her towards a tunnel that seemed to be leading underground. Tawny hesitated to enter when they finally got to the entrance. With her bone aching a bit, she was afraid to hurt herself while climbing down. She still had to enter though, she didn't want to look weak in front of the clan. She could feel the watching eyes of cats that are finally noticing her presence.
When Tawny didn't enter for a long time, Silverpool's head poked out from the tunnel. "What are you waiting for? Come on in," she mewed and slide back down.
Tawny laughed nervously. "Right," she anxiously muttered to herself and crouched low.
To get into the tunnel, she had to stretch her front paws out to slide her in head. The entrance hole wasn't that big to fit bigger cats, although Tawny was a medium-size cat, she was never good with tight spaces, and especially getting her fur dirty. She was more use to the open space; running around the cities, parks, and the large house that her twoleg lived in. Living with twoleg, she adapted the clean environment.