
Also being a rogue for the first twelve moons of leaving her former home, and the last twelve moons of coming back, she liked the open-space to roam freely.
Carefully, she slid her body down the hole. The fur of hers were slightly touching the edges of the dirt, but it wasn't touching to make it dirty. She carefully crawled down, without letting her stomach hang to the ground, and finally made it into the den. Her eyes widened in astonishment of the view.
The den was a tiny cave underground, the dirt seemed to look like it's about to collapse and that made her shiver at the thought of it. Two smaller holes were caved in deeper which made two nest, with moss beds in it. Newly fresh herbs were stack on one side while the older or the ones which are mixed into a remedy stacked on the other side. Pebbles lined in between the two sides of herbs, separating them. Some fresh-kills were left near the nest and some wet moss. The air seemed damped and warmer than outside and the whole place was also covered with the scent of fresh herbs.
"Welcome," a familiar voice greeted. This time it was not Silverpool who was mixing some herbs together. Tawny turned around to see a black-gray-white she-cat with green eyes. It was Doveflight.
Tawny grinned with joy. "I'm glad to see you again," she mewed and padded up to the she-cat and poked the medicine cat's cheek with her nose. "How have you been."
"Fine," Doveflight shrugged and nuzzled Tawny with warmth. "Just the usual. Have you met my apprentice, Silverpool?"
Silverpool nodded with a smile. "Yes!"
Tawny laughed. "Don't you two get a little tired of this closed space?" She asked out of wonder.
Doveflight shook her head. "Me, no. I'm used to it. Silverpool, however..." Her voice trailed off and she let out a laugh.
Silverpool stopped her mixing and flattened her ears. "When I signed up to be a medicine den, I expected to help the sick and the injured, also taking care of the elders. Not being stuck in confine space. I miss the old den that's all. Still not use to this," she explained.
"But we're lucky we get a den at all," Doveflight meowed in amusement.
Tawny cocked her head to one side. "What happened to your other den?"
Silverpool frowned. "There was an open fire near our camp. Since the moors is a little wet in newleaf, it only kept the fire from the camp that was surrounded by pools of water. The ones that weren't were burned to ashes."
Tawny mirrored Silverpool's frown. "Well at least this place keeps you warm from leaf-bare," Tawny tried to make the scenario more cheery.
"Yes that's right," Doveflight spoke, "we also usually invite the elders to join this den when it gets really cold. There den doesn't give enough cover. To younger and stronger cats maybe, but they're becoming more sensitive to the cold weather."
"Hm I see," Tawny observed.
"We do get a lot of floods here in newleaf," Silverpool piped in. "So in return, the elders let us join their den."
"What about the nursery?" Tawny asked, remembering that the nursery was also a small tunnel leading down, but there was also a bumpy hill so it might not be an underground den.
"The nursery also gets flooded, but not as much as our den and not as deep. The floor in here almost reaches to the top," Doveflight explained. "Anyways, I haven't asked how you've been doing."