
*Two moons after*
It was the night of the half moon, the time when medicine cats met at the Moonpool to share tongues with their ancestors. The clouds covered the dark sky but like every medicine cats for centuries, they always had kept track of their time, to know when to visit StarClan for the night.
Two cats padded in the distance, crossing the forest territory to the moors. A dark gray tom perked his white tipped ear up as he heard footsteps from behind. Both cats turned around to see Doveflight and Silverpaw, the WindClan medicine cats.
"Greetings," The dark gray tom, Silentfeather nods respectfully.
Doveflight smiles and does the same. While Silverpaw joined Fracturedberry, the ThunderClan medicine cat.
"Anything new?" Silentfeather asked.
Doveflight nodded. "Silverpaw will be receiving her full medicine cat name today."
"Congratulation," Fracturedberry purred, still feeling the warmth of her own naming ceremony.
Silverpaw grinned, "Thanks!"
The four cats traveled together, following the path of the stream from the Moonpool. As they arrived they were met by two more cats; a beautiful brown tabby and a young creamy, light brown tom.
"Hello Hollywhisper, hello Cedarpaw," Doveflight purrs. Each cat greeted them in a different way.
"Hello everyone," Hollywhisper smiled and Cedarpaw dipped his head, being the youngest cat of them all.
Shortly, another foot steps were heard, everyone turned around to see another brown tabby she-cat. "Tigerleap, you're finally here," Silentfeather meowed.
"The Moonpool is way too far for RiverClan," Tigerleap commented. "Besides, it seems like I'm the only one who doesn't have a companion yet."
Hollywhisper laughs. "You'll find one soon," she says as she eyes Cedarpaw.
"Anyways," Silentfeather interrupts the she-cats, "is everyone ready?"
Every cat nodded. They all stepped forward and laid themselves comfortably on the flat stones, beside the crystal water. The medicine cats reached their heads forward and lapped the cold water up before closing their eyes.
* * *
Mist surrounded the clearing as the stars shine bright above the foggy earth. Silentfeather pasted around the fields of tall grass for any signs of existence.
"Hello?" He calls. "Anybody there?" No one answered. Each minute has gone by and no cat appeared. "Where is everyone?" Silentfeather muttered to himself.
As if StarClan finally heard Silentfeather's calls. The mist slowly began to clear and a shining star fell from the night sky. Silentfeather watched the vivid light swiftly float to the ground. Quickly, Silentfeather ran towards the light.
The bright light became much more clear as Silentfeather ran closer. The tiny star began to form a shape, it was a cat. The sleek fur of the cat shone a reflection of a thousand night stars, the eyes glistened like the hot sun, and as the cat walked closer, a trail of ice followed behind the StarClan cat. The scent of musk also drifted in the air and the cat seemed like it was the one who controlled the seasons of the forest.
Silentfeather narrowed his eyes, trying his best to figure out who it was that came down to speak with him. With no luck, he was not able to recognize the cat. "Who are you?" Silentfeather asked in surprise.
"Blizzardfur, silly," the cat purred.