
Swiftstorm was not surprised by her action anymore. He could see the hostility in her eyes. The beautiful aqua eyes that always made his heart jump with excitement was now filled with darkness, to him at least. All the love and friendly aura were gone.
Morningwish held her head high with challenge and Swiftstorm had to take a step back from the look she gave him. Swiftstorm licked his lips. "Uh... She's beautiful, and I probably should go now. Take good care of her," he softly but quickly spoke and dipped his head in respect.
Swiftstorm gave Morningwish and his daughter one last look before turning around and walking out of the nursery, guided by Badgerstar. It wasn't until the wind stroke him, that he realized that his whole pelt was prickled up. Swiftstorm took a deep breath to relax himself.
The voice of Badgerstar made him jump. "I know she had changed," the ThunderClan leader said. "Now come on, let's get you back to ShadowClan."
Swiftstorm followed the leader out of camp. He looked around the forest and felt a little dizzy. He began to pant as if he was out of breath. "They're right... I should have been with her," he meowed as he spun his head around anxiously. "It's my fault she changed."
"Calm down Swiftstorm," Badgerstar spoke, "it's not your fault. She's just been in a lot of stress lately."
"And I should have been there for her. To help her...." The panting began to become heavier as Swiftstorm remembered the harsh words and looks Morningwish had gave him.
"Woah.. Calm down!" Was all Swiftstorm could hear. He could no longer recognize the voice, only the sound that was trying to reach him grew faint. His fur coat began to feel hot, and he had to close his eyes to feel focused. It felt like the forest was spinning around him. "Swiftstorm?!" The same voice came again but this time he could recognize it, it was Badgerstar. "Get water! Just wait here.. I'm getting water!" Badgerstar yowled.
* * *
It wasn't until he felt a heavy weight and the feeling of moss filled with cold water splash on his face that he woke from the traumatizing feeling. "Swiftstorm are you okay?" A voice rang through his ears. He slowly opened his eyes to the same aqua eyes he fell in love with.
"Morningwish?"
"Thank StarClan you're okay," the rough voice of a tom hissed, "but I'm not Morningwish!"
Swiftstorm eyes widened to face Badgerstar. "Wha-What happened?"
"You collapsed mid-way out of the ThunderClan entrance," Badgerstar explained and looked up at the thorny bushes. "Well you're still mid-way through ThunderClan's entrance."
"Oh," he mew in embarrassment. "How long?"
"Just a few minutes, that's all. I never seen a cat collapse in front of me."
"Now you did," Swiftstorm smiled a little. "I should really get back."
"You really should," Badgerstar said and signaled him to get up. "But I want to tell you something first."
"What is it?" Swiftstorm asked.
"I'll tell you on the way."
* * *
Hey guys! Author's Note.
Slow update I know, but I'm finally done exams *hooray*. Which is why I didn't update for a LONG time. My apologies for that ! :(
But school is over! And now I'm probably able to update more then these past few months. Growing up sucks, it's been taking time out of my Wattpad stories, so I'm sorry (again) for the slow updates.