
A/N: Hey guys. I know Tawny was just introduced in this series and you're still wondering a lot about her but I'll be making her one of the 'main characters'. We'll see her point of view but even in her thoughts, she wouldn't reveal much which might still keep you wondering who she really is.
In the meantime, there will be hints like in the past chapters :) but it won't be that obvious.
Thank you for reading, voting, and commenting <3 don't be afraid to give out feedbacks. I'm trying my best here xD Happy reading everyone!
The patrol quietly headed back to camp with Cherryshine in the lead. As they entered the camp, Tawny could feel all the eyes and ears on her.
The group brought Tawny to Eclipsestar, who narrowed her eyes at the strange yet familiar she-cat in front of her. "Aren't you-"
Before Eclipsestar could finish her sentence, Tawny immediately stopped her. "I'm past my old life, from now on call me Tawny," she informed the leader, "that is my new name."
Eclipsestar nodded. "Why have you come back?" She asked.
"I haven't been here for a while, I want to review my former home and see what's new," Tawny explained.
"Than why have you come into our camp?" Eclipsestar asked another question, but this time looking at Cherryshine for an answer.
"Tawny wants to explore every clan," Cherryshine said, "and she's starting off with RiverClan... with your permission of course."
Eclipsestar stood there in silence for quite a while, before nodding at Tawny. "Fine, but I will only give you two days. Tomorrow and today. Than my clanmates are allowed to chase you out."
Tawny nodded. "Fine by me," she said.
"Maybe Cherryshine can give you a tour. RiverClan isn't always trusting to strangers," the leader said, with a hint of hostility in her words. Eclipsestar was a wise she-cat from being leader for so many years. She knew where Tawny had came from and will never trust this she-cat from what she heard Tawny had done to her former home. But Eclipsestar could trust her enough to know, she isn't working with other clans to plot against RiverClan.
* * *
Tawny padded through the wetland with Cherryshine. Though, she did not come from RiverClan, from practicing, she was a decent swimmer and didn't mind getting her paws wet at all.
As they walked towards the river, white tiny flakes dropped down from the sky. Tawny looked up to see snow. She stuck her tongue out to catch one before licking her lips at the icy taste of the melting flakes. "Leaf-bare is finally here," Tawny commented.
"The river will be frozen once more," Cherryshine added as they finally reached the cold rushing water. "The fish will be gone too."
"At least your well fed from the rich prey of newleaf, greenleaf and leaf-fall. You won't be as hungry as the other clans," Tawny stated.
Cherryshine shrugged. "But we will have barely any prey at all," she said, "I mean, even in the other season we barely get mice, voles, shrews, birds. Now in leaf-bare, we will get none at all, and the fishes will be fewer and harder to catch from the freezing water. While the other clans will continue to hunt their prey that may also be scarce but easier to catch."
"That's true," Tawny said as she sat down to admire the river, "but prey from other clans are also pretty scarce in leaf-fall while your prey runs all season long until leaf-bare."
Cherryshine sighed. "And we all still survived for this long."