
The sky grew darker as sunhigh passed on. Dark grey clouds passed the sky, and the wind blew stronger then before. Morningwish quickly grabbed a starling and the fattest mouse she could find before running back to the nursery. She padded to Bluelight who was sitting with her kit, and Dawnlight and Hootkit; who was playing with a ball of dried moss.
Morningwish sat down as Bluelight nudged the tiny hazel she-kit towards her mother who was placing the mouse and the starling in the middle. Morningwish took the kit and wrapped her long-fluffy tail around the black-striped body.
"A few more days before she opens her eyes," Bluelight suddenly spoke, as she took a bite out of the mouse Morningwish had brought.
Dawnlight nodded in agreement. "I wonder if she'll share the same beautiful eyes as her mother," the eldest queen purred as she looked over at Morningwish with a big smile.
Morningwish took a bite out of the mouse in embarrassment, she was never comfortable when other cats complimented her. "I have to thank my father for the lovely eyes," Morningwish meowed after she swallowed her bite.
Dawnlight and Bluelight meowed in laughter before they all began to eat.
Hootkit stepped in the small circle and sniffed the tiny kit that was suckling at Morningwish's stomach. "Will she ever come out and play?" He asked as his mother, Dawnlight, pulled him away when he almost stumbled on Morningwish and her daughter.
"Of course, just wait  for a while," Morningwish purred and licked Hootkit's cheek, when the small tom tried walking away from his mother's grasp.
Hootkit let out a small growl when Dawnlight wouldn't let him go. "You were the same when you haven't opened your eyes," Dawnlight explained, as she started to groom Hootkit.
Hootkit tried to bat his mother away, but she pulled him closer with her paws. "Mom stop," he whined. But the queen dismissed his plead and continued to groom him.
Suddenly, someone cleared their throat from the entrance. Everyone in the nursery turned towards Badgerstar who was stepping in with another tom. Morningwish let out a gasp as her eyes grew wider in shock. "Swiftstorm?" She called the brown tabby tom who entered with her father.
Swiftstorm let out a nervous laugh. "Yep, it's me.."
As soon as the former ShadowClan deputy padded towards Morningwish, Dawnlight with Hootkit and Bluelight departed the circle as they watched Swiftstorm with curious eyes.
"What are you doing here?" Morningwish asked as she sat up, still keeping the small kit near her belly.
"I wanted to see our kit," he softly meowed.
Morningwish flattened her ears as he said 'our kit'. Even though it was their kit, she always had this uneasy feeling thinking about it, and she preferred 'her kit' instead of 'ours'. "Is that it?" Morningwish grumbled and looked away, surprising herself with the sudden change of mood. For some reason, she felt frustrated.
Swiftstorm tilted his head, he was slightly confused. "What do you mean 'is that it'? What else am I here for-"
"You're so insensitive." Bluelight stood up and faced the ShadowClan warrior. "You should also be here for Morningwish. She went threw so much lately and your only here for her kit. Not even her," Bluelight hissed every word and walked up to Morningwish again. The soon-to-be mother shook her head in disapproval.
"Of course I'm also here for Morningwish, but-"
"No buts!" Dawnlight interrupted. "It's great that you want to see your little one." Dawnlight looked over at Morningwish's stomach. "And she's beautiful. But where were you when Morningwish had her life full with her big stomach. Where were you when she had her labor?"