
Badgerstar shifted closer and nuzzled her, taking in the sweet scent of milk. He than noticed two light brown tabby kits laying there without making a single movement. "I'm sorry Morningwish," he said and licked her on the cheek. "But I'm sure it wasn't StarClan's punishment. Maybe it was just-"
Badgerstar stopped as he saw Morningwish's glare. "I don't care," she muttered, "they're gone. My kits are already gone, and I can't do anything about it."
"I'm so sorry Morningwish," he continued to lick Morningwish to comfort her.
Morningwish blinked with sorrow. "Don't be sorry," she cried softly, "it's not your fault anyways. Look." She points down at her stomach with her nose. "We have a lucky survivor."
Badgerstar gaze down at her stomach and caught movement. There, suckling at her mother's stomach for milk was a hazel she-kit with black stripes. The sight of the little body warmed his heart and he couldn't help but let out a purr. Once in a while, the hazel kit mewed softly as it eagerly drank the milk. "She's... She's beautiful," Badgerstar stammered with pride, tangling his own words with his strong purrs of delight.
Morningwish gave Badgerstar a small smile, before bending down and stroked the kit with her tongue. The she-kit stops suckling and lets out a high pitch mew.
"What are you going to name her?" Badgerstar asks.
"Name..." Morningwish echoed. She was lost in her own thoughts as she continued to stare down at her newborn. She shook her head as she snapped out of it. "I haven't decided yet."
Badgerstar kissed Morningwish with a nudge on the nose to her cheek. "When you do find a name, you must tell me," he purred.
She nodded in agreement.
"What about the other two?" He carefully asked as he watched the limp body, hoping for them to resurrect and join their sister.
Morningwish paused there for the longest time, deep in her thoughts again. It wasn't until Badgerstar nudged her with his cheek as she woke from her daydream. "They all look so much alike... So much like Swiftstorm," she said, with a voice that was barely audible.
Badgerstar agreed with a nod. "Name him Stormkit," he suggested.
Morningwish smiled. "I like it. Maybe I can name her Goldkit."
"Goldkit..." Badgerstar repeated the name.
"For Goldenwings," Morningwish mewed. "I miss her."
Badgerstar nodded with a smile. "I do too," he meowed as a lump of pain formed in his throat. Badgerstar had been trying to remove the memories of her for so long but it always came back whenever he looked into Morningwish's eyes. Badgerstar, Morningwish and Goldenwings all had similar eyes. The memory of the past was always brought back by those eyes.
Morningwish sighed in exhaustion and lets out a yawn.
"You should get some rest," Badgerstar softly whispered in Morningwish's ears. Morningwish eyes were filled with grief as she looked down at the two kits that did not survive. "I'll buried them."
Morningwish looked behind him, towards the entrance of the den. "It's getting very cold tonight," Morningwish meowed in desperation, "you can bury them tomorrow morning."
Badgerstar shook his head with sadness at Morningwish's reaction. She was desperate to keep her kits. "They're body will start rotting by tomorrow morning," he said, "you're not alone in here. They will give out a smell."
Morningwish gulped in air and looked down at her two kits with pain. She bend her head down and licked them with love. "I love you two," she softly mews.