
" What about this dress babe? ".I stood in front of my boyfriend Travis showing him possible dresses I would wear to the party we were going to tonight. He was laying on the bed smoking a cigarette." You look good in them all. Wear whatever you want."" Ok, I'll wear this black one ". I took off my clothes and put on the dress. Travis was staring me down the whole time." You look hot babe ", he said, biting his lip.I gave him a wink. He stood up and put a shirt on. I grabbed his collar and pressed my lips firmly against his." C'mon ", I said, " We have to get Luke remember? "." Why can't your lame friend go with those other three losers? ".I gave him a dirty look." There names are Michael, Ashton, and Calum, and they're not losers."I got my purse and keys and stormed out the door." Babe what are you doing? ", Travis ran behind me.I slammed my car door shut." Leaving, bye! ". I started to drive away but he got in front of my car. I stopped." How am I supposed to get to the party? "." Hmm, good question ", I said, " Call one of your loser friends. They're probably smoking weed down the street ", and I drove away.
Should I have brought him with me? No, he'll be fine. I texted Luke and told him I was on my way.I drove up next to his house and honked." Luke! ", I shouted. " Let's go! ".The door opened and he ran to my car." Hello beautiful, you look gorgeous tonight "." Thanks ", I smiled." Ready to go? "." Yup ", he said." So where's that jerk of boyfriend you've got? ", he asked." I left him at home. He called you and the guys losers, so I left. "" Finally you're standing up to him "." I know right?! I'm so damn proud of myself! ".He laughed, and I pulled onto the side of the road. " Looks like we're here! "." Let's go! ".- The party is at Travis's best friend Rj's house. It was packed with people from all over town. I knew most of them because of Travis.Rj greater us at the door." C'mon in! ", he shouted, but you could barley hear him.I held Luke's hand and walked inside. " I wonder if Travis showed up ", I asked." Hey, I'll go ask Rj and get you a drink, ok? "" Beer please ", I said and he laughed.Even after Luke said he would see if Travis was here, I continued to look around.I didn't see him anywhere though. I tried calling him, no answer. I'm starting to regret leaving him. Luke finally found me. " Here ya go ", he handed me my drink." Did you ask if he showed up? "." Rj hasn't seen him at all today, sorry hun. "" Its ok ", I said, " As long as you're here!"" Ya about that ", he frowned." What? Are you leaving? "." Michael wanted to practice tonight. So.. "." Michael wants to practice at one in the morning?!? "" I guess ", he looked at the ground." Sorry Shay, I wanted to stay but-".I cut him off ;" Bur ever since you joined the band, which was four years ago, we never have time to hang out. "" Shay I- "." It's ok Luke, just go. "I was pretty disappointed, I didn't even say good bye.I stood in the corner of the room filled with people. Rj came over once in a while to see if I was ok, but other than that I was alone.Rj walked passed me, " Hey dude, I'm gonna go. "" Ok, tell Travis he's a loser for not showing up ". " Will do, bye guys ".I waved goodbye and walked outside to find my car. I looked everywhere but it wasn't where I parked it. ' Great ', I thought, ' Someone stole my car '.I called Travis to see if he could pick me up but no answer. " Guess I'm walking home ", I said under my breath.I was almost hit by five drunk drivers on the way home. I unlocked the door to my apartment and heard Travis's voice in the bedroom. I walked in the room and saw...