
Hinata POV"Ohayo onichan" my little sister Natsu said to me. "Ohayo" I said while walking down the stairs. I was so tired, last night I came home really late because Kageyama wanted to practice receiving. When I got home though, I puked and had a headache.
"Did onichan get little sleep last night?" Natsu asked. "Onichan was very busy last night" I lied in a way but I didn't want her to know the truth. "Onichan you're lying. I can tell. You look bad" Natsu leaned over and pressed her hand against my head and she gasped "Onichan! You have a fever! Go lay down, I'll get medicine." Natsu stated and left the room. "Natsu, I feel alright. Besides I have volleyball practice today, I can't miss it." I stated, but she came back and had medicine and a phone in her hands. "Natsu has school. I will give Onichan medicine and leave. Here, call your team mate and tell them you can't come today."
Kageyama POVI walked inside the gym. I felt like something was off. "Oi! Kageyama have you seen Hinata?" Asked Daichi. Then it hit me Hinata wasn't here.
"Umm no. He's probably running late." I stated trying to make a reasonable excuse.'Beep' 'Beep' 'Beep' Just then my phone started ringing. I answered "Hello Kageyama speaking" I said. "Hi kageyama, it's Hinata..I won't be coming to school today. I caught a fever." He sounded like he was light headed. "Well I hope you feel better soon, we thought you were gonna be late. You should get some rest. I'll inform Daichi." I stated as calmly as possible but in reality I was shocked. "Okay Kageyama. I'll see you later." He stated as if he was about to pass out.I hung up and told Daichi. "Well that's a shame. Hopefully he'll be here tomorrow." Was all Daichi said.
Practice felt different without Hinata. It was okay at first but then Tsukishima stated something that kept going through my head though.
~Flash back~"The king's queen isn't here today. They might have gotten into a fight." Said Tsukkishima. "What's that suppose to mean?" I asked in a annoyed voice. "Don't play dumb, everyone sees it except you two. I'm surprised you didn't notice yet." With that he left the school.~End of flash back~
'What the hell did he mean?' I thought to myself as I walked home.
Hinata POVAfter Kageyama told me to rest I headed up to my room to be greeted by Natsu. "Onichan, get in bed and take your medicine. I made lunch for you, just heat it up later. I have to go now so just rest. Bye bye Onichan" Natsu said before leaving. With that I was alone, I took my medicine and fell asleep.
(This is the dream)I'm on the court, Kageyama is beside me. "Oi Hinata, hurry up I wanna practice some more" Kageyama stated. "We've been practicing for hours, can we stop for today?" The words came out even though I didn't mean to say them. "Fine but one last spike and then we will go home." Kageyama said bluntly. "Fine, last one."
I woke up from my dream. "What time is it?" I asked myself. "It's 9:23 Onichan" said Natsu. 'Crap when did she get in here???' I thought. "I've been asleep the whole day? Hmm well I feel better now..." I said as I started to get up. "Onichan is feeling better? That's good. I'll make you dinner, go take a shower for now." I only gave a nod before leaving. In the shower all I thought about was the dream. It felt real yet fake...'Hopefully this sickness will be gone by tomorrow' I thought to myself.