
A/nHoly crap it's 2:30 am right now for me and I am having major heartburn like HOLY CRAP I feel like im dying holy shit!! It hurts and I mean since I am up why not write out a part for you guys!_____Y/n's POVAfter breakfast the boys or "men" as they call themselves, went to go play video games and record. I decided on a walk... halfway through the walk I saw Victoria "Hey Victoria!" I say walking over to her she was sitting at the bench with her head hanging low... "H-hi.." she sounded as if she had been crying, "Hey are you alright?" I ask she shook her head 'no'... "What happened? Well if you dont mind me asking..." I say  "Mark..." I look at her "What do you mean?" I ask confused "Mark... He-he doesnt understand my feelings towards him... I hate how he flirted with that girl 'Genevieve' in front of me!" She turned to me "I-i am so sorry Victoria I had no idea!" I say totally shocked of what the fuck just happened... "Well maybe you can come over we will have some girl time... I mean Jack he hasnt been fully flirty with me irritating... Because he is a huge tease moving in... asking if we can share a room... but yet still never kissed me or even thrown out a compliment!" I say ranting she laughs and wipes some tears away "You are such a great friend..." she hugs me.__Time skip brought to you by this friggen heartburn!!__
We had gotten to the house when we hear some screaming from mark "Aww c'mon!!" Following came Jack's adorable laugh..  Before we got here we went to the store soo we had surprises like cookies for jack, some more fruit since mark ate most of them and some tea... because tea is good... "Boys get out here!" I call to them "We are men we do what we wanna!" I hear Mark shout back "Victoria cover your ears..." I whisper to her, she covers them and I scream as if I am getting murdered... both doofs run out of "Marks gaming room" which really is just his room... "You sounded like you were dying... ohhh cookies!!" Jack says ignoring the fact I sounded as if I were being murdered.. "What the... hell-oo Victoria..." he said looking over towards her she did a weak smile "Victoria and I are gonna have girl time while both you "men" have guy time..."I say clarifying whats going on... Jack continues to stuff his face with cookies and then grabs two extra mark just nods continuing to stare at Victoria. "You know Mark if you wanna hang out with her you can just a--" he cuts me off by dragging Victoria to his room... "Well suure go ahead take my friend..." I say, Jack smiles and hands me a cookie, I gladly accept because getting a cookie FROM the cookie monster is hard... I smile at him "You are cute when you try to smile even though you are angry..." he says. We walk to my room to hang out we played some video games and just talked and finally once in a while he will throw out a pick up line, we just laugh at how he could remember how it went "Soo Y/n..  ive been wanting to tell you this but I have no words to explain it but I do know... how to show it" he smile I turn to him "Whaat the fuck is that suppo-" he cut me off by smashing his lips onto mine, it was forceful but super hot... he finally pulled away "What the Fuck did you just do?!?" Uh oh angry Mark "Shit" says Jack._____A/n Yah...no...maybe so.... this fucking heart burn... I am sorry people who whine about "Oh they curse to much" deal with it I am in PAIN!! lol but no really hope you liked this part and I will see you all in the next part buh-byeee!! High fives all around *Whapish* *Whapish*