
Victoria's POV _Before mark barged in on you and jack kissing_"Victoria its not like I dont like you at all its just she was there, I didnt mean to hurt you... I was even surprised she was flirting with me... she plays hard to get." I had tears roaming down my face "Mark Fisbach I hate you... I hate you.. I hate you.. I hate you!" I say through gritted teeth "Victoria I am sorry my feelings for you just arent strong like my feelings towards Genevieve.." I look at him "Then why am I in here with you" I say emphasizing the word 'you' "I just wanted to let you know why I wont date you and I mean even if you were to force me Victoria I will still have feelings for Genevieve I-i am really sorry..." he said looking down " You really just dragged me in here too make me feel even more depressed... you... you mark are a huge douchebag.. maybe... maybe I dont love you!" I said getting up pointing at him angrily... I start to walk away... he grabs my arm "I am so very sorry Victoria, life isnt always a fairytale not for all of us atleast.." he was referring to his sister and my brother "Fuck you..." I say through gritted teeth again. I yank my arm free and storm out of the room mark follows... no clue why I go and peak through Y/n's door... she and him are laughing smiling then he leans closer and kisses her "Really... fucked up..." I whisper knowing mark heard he moved me out of the way swinging the door open.. startling both Jack and Y/n... Jack shoots up after Mark asks whats going on "Mark you said we were all right!" Jack shouts "I didnt say you could go smooching my sister... trying to get in her pants!" Mark yells pointing at jack, Y/n stands up "What you told him you were alright with him talking to me! And you... you were only trying to get in my pants!" She screamed tears streaming down her face "I was not trying to get in your pants Y/n I swear... I love you.." Jack says all calm following comes a "Buullshiit..." from Mark... "Guys g-get out guys... Get out!!" Y/n yells pointing to the door...
Y/n's POVI slammed the door shut behind them both.. I jumped onto my bed and screamed into my pillow I hate them... why... I am not a fucken toy or something you trade or.. something to buy I am human I have feelings and I can decide for myself...______A/nWho do you think mark should choose? Who should Y/n believe? Its all up to you guys... only because I am all fucked up I dont even know... and its my book hahahah... welp byeee