
Hey guys I so glad that you guys can read my story!!!!
In the morning.......
ELSA!!! Breakfast ready !!Anna shouted
ELSA P.O.V
I quickly change my PJ's into my light blue T-shirt and a mini skirt. Then I quickly went downstairs. I have live with my sister, Anna, for ten years. My parents died in a shipwreck ten years ago.
ANNA P.O.V
Early in the morning I wake up and change my PJ's into my pink dress. Then I went to the kitchen to make breakfast for me and Elsa.
ELSA P.O.V
After we had our breakfast we quickly went to school.After I wear my brown high heels boots I jumped into my car and went to school with Anna.After we enter the school everybody was starring at us So pretend that we didn't see it.Went we reached the student counter we went to get our schedule and our locker number.
"Excuse Me":I said .The lady at the counter look up at me. "Hello my name is Cindy ": she said. "Hi Cindy my and my sister is new here and we wanted to have our schedule and locker number":I said. "You and your sister's name please ":Cindy said "Elsa Winters and Anna Winters ":I said "Please wait a moment ":Cindy said. "Here is your locker number and your schedule and your sister too ":Cindy said "Thanks,Cindy": I said. Then I walk toward Anna."Here is your schedule and your locker number":I said and handed her stuffs."Thanks":Anna said."What your locker number?" Anna ask."Um..... It's number 154. Yours ??? ":I ask. "Number 254."Damn it!! Why did they put our locker so far away from Anna. Oh well guess I need go to my locker and get my stuffs. While I am walking towards my class,I accidentally bump into someone. He has white hair and wearing a dark blue T-shirt and a black long pants."H.....i...... I am Elsa Winters"I said.What he say is "Hi there!I am popular here!My name is Jack,Jackson Frost Overland."he said."May I know where is class 47??"I ask."Oh!I have the same class as you do I will show you the way to the class."he said."Thanks"I said.We walk to class 47 together."Good morning class!I am Ariel ,Teacher Ariel,today lesson is about your powers.Now I am going to make you all into pairs"she said. "Elsa Winter and Jackson Frost Overland a pair"she said.
Jack P.O.V
I get up and went to school but mostly fly to school then walk.When I was going to class I saw a girl, she is so beautiful.Wait, what am I talking about ??"H....i.....I am Elsa Winters"she said. "Hi there!I am popular here!My name is Jack,Jackson Frost Overland."he said."May I know where is class 47??"I ask."Oh!I have the same class as you do I will show you the way to the class."he said."Thanks"I said.We walk to class 47 together."Good morning class!I am Ariel ,Teacher Ariel,today lesson is about your powers.Now I am going to make you all into pairs"she said. "Elsa Winter and Jackson Frost Overland a pair"she said."Teacher?"I said "Yes?" she answered "Can you call me Jack?"I asked. "Fine, Mr Jack"she said. Ha! score! But.... why did she put us into pairs? Does she has any snow power or she could fly??Who cares cause now I am with her. After that we went to the cafeteria I show her to my group."Hey Guys,meet Elsa Winters."I said."Elsa,this is Merida Blaze,Rapunzel Corana ,Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III and Flynn is a nickname"."Howdy,I'm Merida my power is fire while Punzie could heal us."she said "Hey,I could talk by my own!By the way welcome to school,cousin "Rapunzel said."Cousin??!! "we all said"Ya, Punzie is my cousin!"Elsa said "I am a dragon trainer and I have a night fury dragon which always take me and drop me at school."Hiccup said at last. This is my first time in writing a book cause I am 12 years old(2015).But please remember to comment it. Thanks!!!!From:Happyyinying ♥