
ARABELLA POVOnce we got to the beach i headed straight to the water. I love to swim! But then again, i also love Nemo and bubbles. Im so childish. Tehe. "Come on slow pokes!!!" I yelled to Hayes, Cam, and Nash."We're coming! Chill!" Said Hayes. I just laughed again and started to swim further into the ocean. I got the part where i could hardly touch the bottom and just swam around. I was glad 'cause the water was PERFECTLY clear. I swam closer to waist high water. I waited and finally they came into the water. "Hey Hayes race to that buoy over there!?" I asked. "Sure. See ya there 'cause you're slow!" He yelled. Okay if thats how you want to play. I mean i was on a swim team all my life sooo..."GO!!!" I shouted and we were off. I swam as fast as i could and i was way ahead of hayes. When he got here i said, "Finally."He glared at me and I went back to the waist high water. I was walking around when I stepped on something REALLY sharp. "OW GOD DAMNIT MY FOOT OW OW OW!!!!" I yelled really loudly. I swam to shore and hopped to the towel to inspect my foot.I was bleeding A LOT. "You guys i need to go to the hospital!" I said. I tried to walk to the car but i kept falling so Hayes carried me. Once we got to the car i started getting a little dizzy."You guys hurry shes gonna bleed out!" I heard someone shout then everything went black. ~~~~~~~~I woke up to a bright light and immediately shut my eyes again. I mumbled, "God damnit thats bright." But i guess someone heard me. "You guys shes up!" I heard Nash yell. Then i heard footsteps coming towards me so i tried to open my eyes, again.This time, i wasn't blinded by the god damn light and sat up. "When can i leave?" Was the first thing i really said to anyone. "Yup. Thats our Arabella." said cam. Answering my question, Hayes said,"Later today. Around 4."I looked at the clock and saw it was around 1:30. "Ughhh" i said while falling backwards. "Im bored and want TacoBell.""Cam and I will go get us some." Said Nash."Mkay thanks!"And they were gone.