
We pulled up to my aunt and uncle's house around dinner time. I slowly took a deep breath in and looked at the woman beside me. I cannot believe that my mother was voluntarily dropping me off at my extended family for god knows how long! "We are here, hunny. I'll see you again soon. I love you so much." she said turning to look at me. "Whatever." I said and got out of the car. I walked up the long path to the door, getting slightly nervous. I haven't seen Matt in two years! The others I saw at Christmas, but not Matt. He was at Magcon, again. I rang the door bell, shifting my weight on each foot. My Aunt Sarah opened the door and stared at me. I saw a tear roll down her cheek. I engulfed her into a hug and squeezed her tight. "I am so glad that you're staying with us, Bailey." She said pulling back. She put her hands on my shoulders and and took one last look at me before hugging me again. "I'm glad I'm here too" I said. She grabbed one of my bags and walked back into the house. I looked behind me to see an empty driveway. I sighed and walked into the house, lugging my big pink suitcase behind me. As I walked in the smell of freshly baked cookies and pumpkin spice filled my nose. Aunt Sarah and Uncle Mike's home has always smelled like this. (I don't know Matt's real parents names so I just picked at random) I shut the door behind me and looked at Aunt Sarah. Uncle Mike had walked up behind her and put his hands on her shoulders and smiled at me. Uncle Mike didn't like to talk much, but when he did he was a lot of fun. I smiled back, pulling my bags in front of me. I heard footsteps come running down the stairway. Matt came running down, tripping over some things in process. "BAILEY!!" He yelled hugging me tightly, lifting me off the ground. "Hi Matt." I said as he put me down. He looked at me and smiled, hugging me again. "I haven't seen you in two freaking years! I've missed you!" He exclaimed grabbing a few of my bags and bringing them upstairs to the guest room. I grabbed what was left of my things and followed him upstairs. "So, did you meet anyone special?" He asked, wiggling his eyebrows at me. I laughed quietly and pushed him away from me. "Hey, you're going to be fine here. I promise." He said hugging my side. Matt has always been like a big brother to me, even though we were the same age. "Thank you Matty." He laughed at his childhood nickname. He then got a call from somebody and left my new room. I looked at my phone, 7:30 pm. I walked downstairs to go find Aunt Sarah. I was about halfway down the stairs when I heard her quietly yelling at someone. "Bailey just got here today, and you need to leave!? To make matters worse you are leaving on Wednesday morning.!" She said, obvious anger in her tone. Wednesday was only two days away. "I know! Okay, I don't want to leave her here, but I need to go! I have fans and I cannot let them down. I want to be here for Bay, I really do." I heard. Tears started to form as I ran upstairs, making sure I stomped my feet a little loudly as I was going up. I can't believe that Matt was just going to leave me here when I needed him most. I ran to my room and slammed the door. I turned around, sliding down the door. Matt always did this. I wasn't upset because he was going to make people happy. I was upset because we can't even have a normal day without him being pulled away anymore.
I was interrupted but a small knock on the door. "Bay." I heard Matt say from behind the door. "Go away Matthew." I said and wiped the tears from my eyes. "Bailey we both know I don't go away. Listen, I am so sorry that I have to leave." He said, sincerity laced through his voice. I got up and opened the door. I hugged him tightly. "I know you are Matt. It's just I want to spend time with my favorite cousin and not have him taken away." I said. I walked back to the bed in my room and sat down, Matt followed me in. I pulled the covers up and slid in. Matt got up to leave but I stopped him. "Stay with me until I fall asleep." I said. He just nodded and walked to the other side and got under the covers. People would say this is weird but we didn't care. We had a connection that people wouldn't understand. "Thank you Matty." I said and fell asleep.
THE NEXT MORNING
I woke up to the smell of bacon. I jumped out of bed and flew down to the kitchen, running into Uncle Mike. "Woah! I know you want to see me and all, but please wait in line." He said pointing to Matt and Aunt Sarah. I laughed and walked over to the dish cabinet. I got out my plate and walked over to the table. Scrambled eggs, biscuits, bacon, and danishes. "Woah, is this what breakfast is like here everyday?" I asked, putting almost everything on my plate. My family laughed at me, carrying on with their conversation. "So Bailey," Matt said. I looked at him, my mouth full of bacon. "I talked to Bart, the Magcon manager guy, and he said if you want to you could come to Magcon with me as my guest. Now you won't be the only girl, Mahogany will be there also." he said casually. I'm pretty sure my mouth hit the floor when he said that. I jumped out of my seat and hugged him. "Oh thank you think you thank you" I said over and over. I finally walked away from him and finished my breakfast. I walked into the kitchen and started the dishes. "Oh sweety, you don't have to do that." Aunt Sarah said. "Yeah sweety, my mom can do them." Matt teased. "Shut up Matthew Lee. And it's okay, Dad always made me do the dishes at home." I said and continued on. "At least let Matthew help you." Aunt Sarah said sweetly, pushing Matt towards the sink. His mouth fell open and he looked between my aunt and myself. I laughed and flicked water at him. "Oh no you didn't!" He said and put a group of bubbles on my hair. "Do not make this kitchen a mess you two." Sarah said sternly. Matt and I looked at each other and laughed. We finished the dishes and went back to my room. "You should help me unpack and then we should go shopping." I said winking. He groaned loudly and went over to my smallest suitcase and opened it. "Ooooo" He said. I immediately knew what he was doing. I turned around to see him holding up my red and black laced panties and matching bra. "MATTHEW PUT THOSE DOWN!" I yelled at him, my cheeks growing a crimson red. He put down the set and gave me the suitcase. "I never knew you were like that, Bailey. I thought you were very innocent. You'll get along greatly with most of the guys then. And with that he walked out of my room, leaving me to unpack all my things.