
~Yukio's pov~I flipped down on my bed tried from a long day of watching over Rin and teaching, learning, and my job being an exorcist just wore me out... Not to mention I have no idea where Rin is at the moment... *sweat drops* but I really should look for him... Wha.. What was that? I walked down the hallway after I heard I crash coming from the end of our empty dorm. I arrived finding myself looking at the men's bathroom. The crash came again but louder so I knew it had to be coming from inside. "AH YUKIO HELP ME~!!!!!" I heard a familiar voice scream from inside. Rin... I opened the door to find a crazy Rin flying across the room running from his own demon tail. "HELP! I DONT KNOW WHATS WRONG WITH MY TAIL IT HAS A MIND OF ITS OWN!!!" *sweat drops* "Hold on, nii-sa-" I was cut off as Rin's tail tackled him to the ground and slid into his pants. "GAH RIN!!!!" I screamed as he blushed and tried to grab his tail and remove it, but was not success full in it removal. "WHAT DO I D- Ah! Ngh..." I almost freaked out right then knowing MY older brother the son of satan just moaned... So... So...! Cutely~! I couldn't help but find myself began to sit and watch as Rin's tail did as it pleased. I always knew I had feelings for my brother but stopped myself because of 3 reasons.1) He's my older brother.2) He's a demon.And 3) I was pretty sure I was straight.I sat and started in disbelief as I watched the tail slowly remove all articles of clothing from my brothers pale body. This was quite... Erotic. I found my own hand falling to my own member as I watched Rin's tail slid into Rin's entrance, making him squeal in pain. Rin only caught a glimpse of my pleasuring myself to his... Tail masturbating... But it was enough to make his hips shake back in forth, as if he was aching. This was only effect at turning me on more. "You know Rin... What's going on I mean...?" "N-AH-No!!""It's demon... Mating season."Rin's head shot up in surprise but quickly fell back to the ground as he arched his back as his tail went from his hole to his member, stroking it over and over. This is when I leaned in and bent over to my brothers ear and whispered,"Gomen, Nii-San..."I began to slip my hard member into his entrance an nibbled on his pointed ears. Rin moaned and cried out loud in response. "I LOVE YOU YUKIO!"*plop*A tear rolled down my face. Surprising Rin to the point that even his tail stopped moving. "Yukio- MHM!!" I kissed my brother with all the passion I had bottled up all my life into that one kiss. "Rin, you are the only one I have EVER loved!" "AAAH~~~~!"
~The next day~"Nii-San get up you are late for cram!""G-g-gomen! My hips still kinda..."*sweat drops*"Oh yea...""By the way... Why do demons have a mating season and why did I start to..""Geh! If only dad was still around to give you this talk..."
*•@•*~ burnintheashes ☃*•@•*