
I wake up screaming bloody murder about halfway through the night. My chest rises and falls in time to my racing heart an labored breaths. Sweat drips down my face and lands on my slick chest. Looking around, I almost scream again at the sight of the unfamiliar room, but then my memory comes back and I clamp my lips shut. I lay back on my new king sized bed as my heartbeat and breathing slowly approach their normal speeds.
I'm in my new room, in my new house, in my new town Houston, Texas. Most of my things are still in their boxes that are sporadically placed around the huge room that could fit about a quarter of my old apartment back in New York.   I stare up at the canopy that features red and gold coloured swirls and designs as I piece together my latest nightmare.
It's the same one as normal but like every night, it has changed in some minor details. The car and the faces looking at me are always the same. The events before and after never change. The words forever I graver in my head fill in the missing piece. The details of my surroundings of the before and after are the only things that change, forever changing the puzzle to something new but equally horrifying.
"Hannah, are you okay?"
I look over to my doorway to find Cam, my older brother, leaning against the frame, out of breath from running. He looks at me with worry, brows pulled down over those grey eyes that match mine, one of the few things that we share from our father.
I nod and turn my gaze back up to the canopy, hoping hell go away. But this is Cam, he won't leave. I've know him for just over a week now and he's already taken over the role of the protective big brother, showing how much he cares and welcomes me into the family. Sadly I can't say the same about the others.
Cam sighs and, closing the door behind him, he comes and lays down beside me on my way-to-big bed. "Don't lie to me Han, you suck at it."
"Only you would know, what with you career choice."
Cam snorts in reply and we lay there in silence, lost in our thoughts. After a few minutes of silence, I role my head over to look at my brother, a question on the tip of my tongue that refuses to come out.
"Oh just spit it out Hannah, you know I'll answer anything." Cam roles his head to me and I smile to myself when I see the serious and caring look in his eyes. Out of all four of my brothers, Cam is the only one that has showed he cares about me since that day I met him in the hospital two weeks  ago.  The others have made it clear that they want nothing to do with me.
I role my head back again. Staring at the canopy, I one my mouth. "Does it get easier? The memories and the fear. Does it ever go away?"
My oldest brother is a marine and he has been helping me this last week with my problems. He has come back with PTSD and fights it in their own little battle.
"I'd love to lie and say yes that it goes away but I can't. It does get easier as you move on but the memories of what you have experienced and been put through will never leave your mind. It's hard yes, but at some point, you'll be able to look back and not experience that knot of fear that forms in your stomach when you think about those events, but it will never truly leave you."
I nod, grateful for his words but sad that I'll always live with this fear inside. Because of what my stepfather had put me through for nine years, I never let anyone get close to me, touch me, or get to know the real me. Everyone back home knew me as the cute, popular cheerleader that always got her way, but nobody knew how my life was behind the scenes.
My mother was a huge druggy; always had to have her fix. She didn't care what it was so long as she could escape her reality because apparently it sucked. She used to be beautiful with long blond hair like mine and big blue eyes that could sweet talk anyone into letting her get what she wanted. She wasn't fat but she had weight on her before she started the drugs. After the drugs came into the picture, she became disgusting. She could have a nice frsh shower and she still smelt too gross to be within five feet of. When I was eight, she started mixing the booze in with the drugs, making me raise myself. And then she met Greg.