
"Claire get up!" My mom yells as she passes my room. It's exactly 7:15am and we will leave the house at exactly 8:00.
"I'm up." My morning voice is between the two sounds of a toad and a lion, I don't sound happy and cute to say the least.
Getting out of the warm bed I head across the hall to the bathroom where I put all my stuff last night. Jumping into the shower I take my regular ten minutes then come out and wrap myself in a towel.  Opening up the bathroom door I make my way back to my room and close the door behind me.
"Time for the hard part" I mutter to myself as I make my way to the walk in closet holding all my clothes. After a few minutes I choose some light blue shorts and then a white boyfriend t-shirt, then lastly I put on my Toms.
Heading to the bathroom one last time I quickly put my long brown hair in a messy bun then I apply some mascara to my already black lashes. Leaving the bathroom I bump into my brother Jake who is exactly one year older than me.
"Morning Beautiful" He says smiling then giving me a hug.
"My brother calling me beautiful sounds weird" I laugh as I hug him back.
"Well I'm not any regular brother am I?" He replies as we head downstairs. Jake and I have always been best friends and closer than any other siblings are. Most of the girls in our school have a crush or obsession with him and I can see why, He's tall, lean, has that cute boy haircut, brown hair like me and bright blue eyes (Like me as well).
And then there's me, Short girl, not fat but not skinny, long dark brown hair and bright blue eyes, and all the boys either ignore me or torment me now as of this past summer.
I'm guessing you want to hear the details about the tormenting and the reason.
The answer? Kyle.
I dated Kyle last year and it was great but catching him cheating on me during this past summer wasn't that great.
"7:45, not bad." My dad says when we enter the kitchen.
"We're the fastest teenagers on the earth!" Jake cheers.
"Grab your breakfast and eat please." My mom says giving us both a good morning hug.
We all quickly eat then we head out ready to face our days. Jake and I will head to school in Jake's Car. Mom will head to the Hospital to do her morning rounds (She's a doctor) and Dad will head to his office (He's a Lawyer).
"Get the tunes going please?" Jake asks when we both are seated in the car. I hook my phone up to the stereo then start blasting our playlist we made together in the summer.
So I guess I'll update you on my life that is currently in play.
I'm entering Senor Year with Jake (He failed grade 8 so we're in the same grade). I have three best friends named Lucy, Blaire and Lorie, my senior year will consist of keeping my grades up and trying to enjoy my last year not having to care that much.
"First last day of school" I say to Jake.
"I'm happy I get to be in the same grade as you to be honest" He replies.
"Me too" I give him one of my smiles.
"What are we going to do about the Kyle situation?"
"Well I look pretty cute today so he'll get to see what he gave up, and then I'll pretend he doesn't exist anymore. I don't want a messy dramaful breakup."
"Sounds good to me"
Hey there! Happy to see you found my story! If you want more just vote or comment and maybe fallow me?
Xxoo