
"Say it"
"Say what?"
"Say you're gay'
"I'm gay..?"
~
It started like any normal day at hell, aka school. It was 2nd period where me and my friends finally got together in study hall. Ah my friends, Cody and Tyler.
We all sat in the back of the class, the usual spot because the populars sat in the front. We were like the rejects or misfits of the class.
Tyler was drawing and listening to music but Cody was looking at me, "What?" I asked chuckling. "You're thinking a lot again, Ash." He replied smirking. I just rolled my eyes "Shush" I said.
Cody pouted "But, But..."
"You look like a dimented monkey when you do that" I said simply
"You always look like that though" He replied laughing evilly until the teacher yelled at hime for being too loud.
"Be quiet, Cody! People are working!" "Sorry mrs.fag- I mean mrs.Franklin...."
I held back laughs as he corrected himself, Tyler kicked Cody while mouthing idiot. Mrs.Franklin walked away sighing, hatred in her sigh.
I just laughed as cody sat there red faced from calling her Mrs.Fag.
"Hah! Idiot watch your language!" "Shut up you piece of gay" "But you're the gay one." I corrected smirking while cody rolled his eyes.
Tyler was laughing so hard right now "You both act so supid!" "shut up nerd" Cody snorted with a smirk but Tyler smirked back "Thanks" he said.
We talked for a little bit until the door opened to reveal a muscular looking boy who wore black skinny jeans, a black and pink blink-182 sweater, converse that were rainbow and black, and most noticable his black spiked-ish layered hair with magenta on his bangs and streaking through his hair in some parts. Interesting.
Mrs.Fag- I mean Mrs.Franklin smiled then stood next to the student saying "Class this is our new student, Brice Dobre. He tansfered from Romania!" She said excitedly. Brice just shyly waved saying "hello..." had a slight accent but not much.
I observed how he dressed, I personally like his shoes and sweater... A lot.
"Take a picture, it'll last longer" Cody said waving a hand in front of my face causing me to snap out of my thoughts "Oops, got distracted by his shoes" I mumbled. Tyler smirked "mhm" He said snickering.
"He's pretty hot for the new guy" We could here some girls whisper as Brice sat near us.
Girls I thought rolling my eyes but Cody would disagree "Those chicks are right, he is pretty hot" Cody whispered too us.
"And the Gay god has spoken his words of wisdom until he gets laid by a dude" I call out siliently to them.
Cody rolled his eyes "You're so mean to me" He pouted causing me to crack a smile "It's 'cause i love you like a brother. Dimented monkey face" I said making him pout more.
"I'm friends with weirdos" Tyler said but me and Cody both said "But you love us!" We talked a little louder now, causing Brice to glance over from time to time.
Great, now the new kid thinks we are weird... I thought glancing at Brice but caught him staring over at us.
AWKWARD EYE CONTACT, MY WEAKNESS
I instantly looked to Tyler who was talking and Brice instantly looked back at his book.