
"What happened to the sword? You said that pistos came to me, how?" I asked
Poseidon took a deep breathe before slowly releasing it back into the air.
He then spoke," Pistos was given to Evangeline as yet another gift. The sword was shielded by taking the form a ring. The top could be twisted to reveal the sword. That came down in your heritage as well. As for the necklace, aora or invisible, it was given to your great great grandma was tending to Athena. She was in the form of an owl when a common gunman shot her wing causing her to flail helplessly. She was aided by a mortal who took great care of her and tended to her in all forms. All the aiding took place when Athena was still in the form of an owl. Seeing how kind the women was, Athena blessed her with aora. The necklace's power was discovered by your mother when she was on her quest. It was passed down to you. That is how you got aora and pistos. Ancile was my gift to you along with a temporary shield that covered you from monsters."
I was... shocked! The sword was with me along side my necklace and ancile but where were the beads? As if reading my mind, Poseidon pointed to the place where Skylla had been. A box with three milk white beads nestling in a purple cloth sat in the very place Skylla had been.
The box was decorated with medieval patterns that depicted tsunami scenes and other horrors.
Poseidon walked over to the box and grabbed it. He carefully closed the lid before placing it into my open and awaiting hands.
the box was as light as a feather. It weighed absolutely nothing. My fingers carelessly carved around the engraved patterns as I sat there, admiring the work.
I opened the box to find three milky white beads that were perched upon a purple clothe. The clothe was as soft as silk. The lid of the box was bound to the bottom half by two rusted pin locks.
I looked over to my dad with tears in my eyes that were threatening to fall. In the last six years, not once had I talked about my mother. The sudden knowledge of my mother's past filled my heart with admiration as well as sadness.
Poseidon put a hand on my shoulder and said," She died a hero's death."
I let his words sink in before saying," Skylla mentioned something about some 'form'?"
Poseidon removed his hand from my shoulder and slumped back into his very own chair before saying," Ah yes! Skylla is not one but three. She is the product of those beads. She may take whichever form she wishes but she will change into the form that you desire. Oh and, she seems to edge away from boys."
I sighed before nodding. Honestly, this was the second time that my head felt ready to explode. The first one just happened to be when Percy had told me about our kind.
Percy had remained quite during the whole time but now he broke was the one to break the silence.
"So how do we get back home?" Percy asked.
Poseidon raised his head before saying," There is one more thing."
Percy asked what that would be to which Poseidon replied with a chuckle," Percy, I hope you do not feel left out. I care for both of you equally and love you both the same! As it is, I haven't really given Crystal here anything at all! It has all been in her heritage."
Percy looked dumbfounded. Percy began to stutter," whoa what?... but I... didn't mean... what I meant... was that... OH YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN!!!"
Poseidon chuckled and said," yes, indeed I do! Now, goodbye!"