
I stared in confusion and shock at the two of them.
"What just happened?" I asked, completely flabbergasted.
Percy and Grover turned towards me. Grover spoke up first," My name's Grover and our species are better known as searchers. We look for demigods and bring them back to Camp. Our real species name tag is satyr. We are supposed to be half human and half goat."
I stared at him waiting for him to burst out in laughter but nothing happened so I just said," You know what, Percy? You really should take me to my bed now. This is why I don't stay awake after I feel drowsy. I'm having hallucinations!"
Percy face palmed and said to Grover," she'll get over it. They are all like this at first."
Percy grabbed my hand and dragged me towards a messy area of scattered cabins. It seemed as though they formed a U. There were around twelve cabins over there. Percy looked at me and said," Come on."
I nodded and followed. He led me to a blue cabin and said," this is your new home! Get comfortable."
I stared at the building in fascination. The walls were covered with pictures depicting waves, fish and boats. Tridents were carved here and there.
Percy walked over and swung open the door. He stepped inside and ushered me to follow.
Hesitantly, I walked through the hollow wooden frame of the door and came into view of a human sized statue. I thought he was naked since only a plain white clothe covered him so I turned my head to face some other direction and closed my eyes tightly saying," Why is there a naked man in our cabin?"
Percy somehow managed to find humor in even this sentence and said," This statue is a symbol of our dad's, Poseidon's presence."
"Poseidon's symbol of presence is a naked man?" I asked, dumb folded by the current circumstances. I can't believe I have to sleep with a naked man looking at me!
"He isn't naked, silly! He's wearing a toga," Percy replied, smirking at me. I turned back towards the statue and opened my eyes. Percy was right. A toga strapped the body of the emerald green statue.
I blushed at my idiocy and managed a good night before falling onto my bed, Alcile still strapped onto my thigh. I need to get a sword, I thought as I fell asleep to be greeted by absolutely no dream, not even a glimpse.
I woke up to the sun shining brightly onto my back. One part of me was disappointed that this wasn't just a dream but the other part was overjoyed with actually having found the place where my mom wanted me to go.
Percy appeared in the door frame with a warm smile spread across his face.
"What time is it?" I asked.
"Nine and you really need to greet people when they see you," Percy replied with a smirk.
I grinned mischievously and said," I don't need to."
I jumped up from my bed and started to walk to the bathroom but found myself on the floor with an amused Percy pinning me to the ground. I was facing him.
"Percy! Get off of me! I need to chan... Oh wait; I don't have any clothes,"
I said.
A slightly annoyed Percy said," a pair of shirt and jeans are in the bathroom now act annoyed."
I huffed and said," No need to act, bro. Your presence is enough to annoy me."