
Hey guys, hope you liked the last chapter. Please spread the word about my book.... I really need as much votes and comments as I can get. Here is the new chapter:
After the fascinating experience that had happened in my sleep, I've got to admit, I was a little shaken up. Okay, not a little, a lot.
A lot of things had cleared their path after that dream. I knew where to go, I just had to get there. In my dream, a boy told me the location of the camp, great, although he didn't have to shout.
Before that, in the dream of my dream, a scary, old lady who could float and spew mist told me two things:
First, old ladies can run extremely fast when they want to.
Second, the word ' Polyphemus ' and I have no clue what that meant so I'll just stick to the boys message.
I had been afoot for hours now. I was nowhere near the camp. It seamed as though it were only a mere meter ahead but trust me, it was much more than a meter.
It was around one in the afternoon and I was getting hungry. I decided to stop for a snack. I had four dollars and ninety five cents left so I decided upon a hot dog. I took my time to read the nearest hot dog stand's title.
Finally, I made out 'Cal's Hot Dogs..... a dollar for a sizzling hot dog.'
I pulled out a dollar and put the rest of my money in my pocket. I jogged over to him and said," a hot dog please."
He looked at me and asked,in a gruff voice," spicy or normal."
I replied almost instantly," normal." He nodded and made a hot dog and held his empty hand out, "a dollar, please."
I nodded and pulled the money out and handed it to him. A grin spread over his face as he extended the hot dog.
I snatched the food out of his hands before he had fully extended his arm and hungrily took a bite. Oh this is really good, I thought.
I went and sat on the footpath and devoured the hot dog. It had been a long time since I had eaten something this good. It was really fresh. Ah, time to set off again, I thought.
I got up and started walking again. My destination within sight. I was moving much quicker now. Since my bag had been stolen, I wasn't pulled back by it's weight. If I ever met the person who took my bag, I would sincerely thank him and give him a bloody nose. The other thing was that I had recharged my batteries with the hot dog. Ah hot dog!
As the sun began to set, I was half a kilometer away from the starting of the hill. I triumphantly whooped. Just my excitement quickly died when I heard the sound of a bull. Luckily, I was a few meters away from it. Unfortunately, it thought that I was the bull's eye. Great.
I glanced back and saw it charging towards me. It was made of fire and metal. Do they even have bulls like that?
It took me a few seconds to start running. I took off, running full speed down the road. The bull was gaining fast now. Oh come on, i thought, just a little farther.
Suddenly, a boy raced from the street that led to the left. He came in front of my path and I fell on top of him. My knee hit the concrete road and a jolt of pain shot up my leg. I groaned and pushed myself off of him and onto my feet.
I swirled around and saw the bull. It was still charging towards me but now, it was SPEWING FIRE!
I turned and saw that the boy was up again. He seemed familiar. Everything instantly fell quite. I stood there in a shocked silence, staring at the boy debating why l thought that I had seen him before. Realization dawned over me. I had dreamed him!