
He said," uh... Hello."
I'll deal with this later, I thought, right now i'm a bull's target and that is not a good thing, especially when it spews fire.
I took out my dagger and held it in my hand. It was no use running. That thing was way too fast to outrun.
The boy, much to my surprise, stepped in front of me and said," get to camp."
After a few seconds, I said," no, we fight together."
"suite yourself," the boy muttered and unclasped a pen from his pocket. I stared at it in bewilderment. Only one thought ran through my brain, and that was: He's going to fight with a PEN! is he crazy?
He looked at me and saw the look of surprise on my face. He let out a sigh and clicked it.
The pen transformed into about a meter long, bronze sword. He held it up in front of him and charged.
I followed his pursuit and instead of running away from the bull, we ran towards the bull. Is the bull indestructible as well, i thought.
That boy told me that it was indestructible only after I had charged. The bull huffed indignantly as my dagger slid off it's surface without as much as a scratch.
It slammed it's body into me and sent me flying. Oh, I am screwed was the only thought that fired through my mind before I blacked out.
I woke up in the boys arms. I jolted off of him and hit the ground, face first. "hey, hey, what are you doing?" he asked. He had a few bruises on his face but he wasn't bleeding and he hadn't gotten any seriously damages.
"I can walk by myself, thank you very much," I replied hotly.
"I'm pretty sure that no one can walk when they are unconscious," he replied calmly.
I blushed but asked," what happened to that bull?"
"oh that, it's dead," he said.
"Wait, you killed it? How?" I asked, taken aback.
"Well, I stabbed it's heart. I threw my sword into it's mouth and it hit it's heart so yeah," he replied as though he had gone this a million times before.
We were halfway up the hill. I tried to look back but the boy quickly put a hand over my eyes saying," It isn't exactly the best view, keep walking straight ahead."
I redirected my view and kept on going. We were almost to the top when the boy stopped. I turned to face him and asked him what was wrong.
He answered," your the girls from my dreams."
"No, your the boy from my dreams," I said, not quite understanding this.
" you mean you dreamt about me?" he asked.
I just nodded in reply. I didn't understand this. How could I dream about a person who was real? How could that person dream about me? He was the first to break the silence.
He asked," what's your name?"
I replied," Crystal... Crystal Arlene Chase. What's your name?"
He said," Perseus Jackson but please just call me Percy and don't worry about the dreams. Let me just tell you that demigods have these kind of dreams"
Before I could ask who demigods were, he lead me through a wooden arch with the worlds 'Camp Half Blood' written on it. It stood next to the largest pine tree that I had ever seen.