
Hey guess! this chapter is a filler which is why the next one will be extra long! sorry if i disappointed u guys but hope u like this!
Crystal's pov:
I awoke to a pair of strong muscles wrapped around my waist. I was swaying along the thumping footsteps of a massive teenage boy who had hollered Percy over his shoulder with me in his arms. My legs and arms flayed uselessly next to my lean figure.
I let out a groan as a sudden headache engulfed my brain, setting my head up on fire.
The teenager set stopped when he heard my groan cut through the uncomfortable silence that had surrounded us.
That's when my mind kicked into attack mode. I started to squirm and struggle against the towering beasts grip.
The beast, perplexed by my sudden movement, loosened its grip on me until I hit the group with a loud thump.
I struggled to roll over as I pulled out my dagger from my satchel. A glimmer of fear evaded my hollow eyes as I turned to the beast.
A six foot tall Cyclops greeted my vision. A goofy but scared smile appeared on his face as though he was relieved by my awakening but at the same time, scared.
A singular, sea green eye was stuck to his forehead which was hidden by a nest of brownish black strands of thick and dirty hair that ran along his upper head, framing his fame.
Wrinkle melted into the sides of his mouth announcing that he took a liking to always put on a smile.
Even though his lips were curved into a blossomed smile, a look at his eyes and you could see that he wasn't accustomed to getting the same treatment that he put forth for others.
Despite the situation and of what I had been taught about Cyclops, this guy seemed to be a genuinely nice person and that kind of personality was very hard to come by.
I lowered my dagger a bit hesitantly. I decided against keeping it against him as he didn't look like he was going to rip me too piece as of this moment but I kept it in hand just in case.
My headache had been growing since I first woke up and the affects of it were getting to me. I winced in pain but tried to cover it up.
"Um... Hey, my name is Crystal. Who might you be?" I asked in a welcoming tone but pained tone.
The Cyclops' smile widened at my welcoming demeanor as he replied quite chirpily," Hello! My name is Tyson!"
That's when I blacked out and hit the forest floor with a loud thump.
Again, I apologize for such a short one but as I said before, it is just a filler and I am also sorry for not updating in like forever. I repeat, this chapter is a filler and i am sorry if u guys r disappointed but... well, sorry? PLZ FORGIVE ME!!! I am really really really really sorry but i still hope u leave a comment! don't forget to comment, guys! every vote and comment from u guys counts! i really appreciate all those who take the time to vote, recommend, read and comment my book!!! <3 <3 <3