
Hey guess, hope u liked my last chapter. anyways, a dilemma that's annoying me is that u guys don't comment... or vote. ur going to have to do that if u want me to update sooner. I really am short of time u know. i hav my finals now a days and i still hav to suffer a week worth of papers so I would really appreciate it if u guys commented and voted. the only people who do like this book enough to comment are:
@Starburst52
@Oceanusblue11
If u want to be in the list then comment otherwise suffer the wrath of the daughter of Poseidon!!! (me)
Onto the chapter!

Percy's pov: (continuation from last chapter)

"Wait!" I shouted just as the stallion picked up the shimmering body of my sister.
Yes? The horse said in my head.
I want to come with her, I directed my thoughts to the horse.
Hmm... Oh okay! Jump on, boss, the horse neighed.
I sighed with relief. I ran over to Crystal's side to find her pale and extremely cold. I quickly grabbed her and jumped on top of the horse.
"It's going to be okay, Crystal," I whispered to her.
I looked into the unconscious face of my little sister. The horse had let out a neigh and stated galloping into the woods.
Just as we were about to hit the massive trunk of an oak tree, there was a faint pop as I felt myself shrink and then expand.
It felt like my inside was being torn away from my body. Then a loud bang took place and the horse stumbled to a stop in a blue palace.
The experience gave me extreme nausea. I felt like on the verge to vomit.
One of my hands was behind Crystal's back and the other one was gripping my head.
The horse neighed again saying, Lord, I have returned with your offspring. Though I must say, the boy is quite scrawny.
Hey! I thought.
I speak the truth, the horse spoke in my head.
I quickly got off of the horse taking Crystal with me and asked the horse our location but when I turned around to look at the silent horse, I found nothing there.
Just then my dad appeared round the corner. My dad, Poseidon, walked over to me and slammed one hand of his onto my shoulder with surprising ease.
He wore blue Bermuda shorts with flowers on top and a Hawaiian shirt.
"Dad?" I asked, unsure of weather this was real or not.
"Hello, son, how are you?" he asked.
"I'm fine, actually, I'm even better than fine!" I exclaimed.
Poseidon chuckled and said," well, I suppose the same doesn't go for Crystal here."
I looked down at my sister who lay unconscious in my arms. Poseidon looked over to Crystal's gleaming body and took her out of my arms and said," I'll take her to a room. Go and make yourself comfortable in that room."
He pointed to double brass doors and then turned around and disappeared behind a corner.
I made my way towards the doors and grabbed the handles. I swung open the door to find a cascade of sea shells fall on top of me.