
Sorry that I haven't written in like forever but I was busy with my studies and well... I know it isn't much of an excuse but :p SORRY!!! now, instead of wasting anymore time, lets get on with the chapter and I promise this one will be extra long!

Crystal's pov:
After having stuffed my stomach with BBQ and cherry coke, I stood up and said," Come on, Percy. I'm sleepy."
Percy made cute seal eyes and said with a mouth filled to the brim with chicken," ive ore munites? em otn hon et!"
How disgusting, I thought.
"You shouldn't talk with your mouth full, you know?" I said with a disgusted look on my face.
Percy gulped down his bolus of food and repeated," give me five more minutes! I'm not done yet, Crystal."
"Percy, how much do you plan on eating? You've already filled your plate twice!" I said, amazed at how much his stomach could hold.
"I plan on eating exactly that much more and don't judge my appetite," Percy replied faking a hurt look.
I smirked at him and said," I'll do what I want to do."
"Same logic here, sis," Percy said with a grin plastered on his face.
I grabbed his arm and dragged him out of the dining pavilion while he whined about... blue food?
"Where to?" I asked.
Percy yanked his arm from with hand with surprising ease and said," I want more food! Just wait here, okay? plus I need to tell Annabeth about you."
I sighed and reluctantly nodded in his direction. Percy's face filled with joy as he turned on the balls of his feet and ran back inside the pavilion.
I sighed as I dropped onto the steps of the entrance of the dining hall. I unstrapped Alcile from my upper thigh and touched the round piece of polished wood that sat on the top of the dagger like a crown on a king.
I was astonished that the dagger had just appeared in my bag yet I just had a feeling that it had always been mine but there was also a feeling that told me that the dagger was just temporarily. The feeling told me that I would have to get a new weapon sooner or later.
Perhaps, the dagger was my mother's. Maybe it appeared to me only when those monsters attacked me. I felt a warm liquid run down my cheek.
Suddenly a warm hand fell on my shoulder. My train of thoughts was broken as I was pulled into the real world. A world with no mercy or kindness.
I looked up to find a boy around Percy's age. The boy's head was covered with a blue and white rusty cap. A worried looking African American guy faced me and said," Hi, my names Grover Underwood. What's yours?"
"Um, my name is Crystal Arle..." I started but was cut off by a scream that I issued. I had done the mistake to look lower that his face. I found the hind legs of a goat.
I started to edge away from him yelling Percy's name. I tried to turn towards the pavilion while still being seated and not daring to remove my eyes from goat boy here.
I heard shuffling behind me and felt a hand grab my shoulders. Percy leaned into my ear and whispered," it's okay. He's a friend."
"Bu..Bu ..But h...he...he's a go...go...GOAT!" I screamed the last word out.
Percy jerked his head away from me and turned towards goat boy, namely Grover.
"Hey, G-man, what's up? Meet my sister here," Percy said as he bro hugged Grover.