
Hey guys.... hope you like the last chappy....... more on it's way..... stay tuned on Crystal express!!! BTW crystal and percy both want you to like, comment and follow..... back to chappy......... lol...... i got 2 likes and 6 reads in like 6 hours...... plz can more people like?
Crystal's pov:
This cat was really getting annoying. i fell asleep soon after i cleared my stuff but when i woke up...... The kitty was fast asleep in my tent and god knows from where it got in. i tentatively poked it in it's belly. it let out a loud purr but went back to sleep. I looked around exasperated. Well, it was time to go. I unzipped the front and climbed out. Clusters of clouds crowded the sky. The sun no where to be seen.
After about fifteen minutes, my tent was safely tucked into my bag along with all the rest of my belongings. I longed to go take a dip in the sea but time was short. i had to find a way to get to camp Half Blood. i couldn't disappoint my mother. I will find it or die trying. I believed that the camp existed. It wasn't a joke or a false belief. This was for real. Determined, i shook the thought of a dip, and kept going.
There were only two things that slowed me down: one, the fact that I didn't have the slightest clue of where to go. Two, i was being hunted down by supposedly hell's minions. Though i don't get what that meant. I'm not one of the brightest. A couple of hours into the day, heavy drops of water began to plip plop here and there. I groaned, annoyed.
I had no other option but to stop for the day. I quickly set my tent and climbed inside. I had done it pretty quickly but it wasn't quick enough as I was soaked, head to toe. Now I had to change, just great. I pulled out my extra pair and changed as quickly as I possibly could. I rummaged through my bag for some food but pricked my finger instead. I pulled my hand out and inspected it. It wasn't that bad. I opened my bag fully and saw a glinting foot long dagger with the name "ancile" carved into it. I stared at it in bewilderment but shrugged and tied it against my upper arm. A weapon for protection.
Somewhere outside, i heard a loud purr. It was that cat again. Why wouldn't it leave me alone? I hope that it isn't a monster.
With that happy thought, i layed down on the ground and pulled my bag under my head. I fell asleep almost instantly and found myself in the same dream as always. i stood in an empty hallway with just one illuminated light bulb. A boy around thirteen stood right in front of me. He was muscular and looked determined. He had sea green eyes, the same as mine......... weird. A nest of unmanageable, jet black hair sat atop his head. He wore an orange shirt with the words " Camp Half Blood" written on it. He also had on a pair of faded blue jeans. He was from Camp Half Blood but i couldn't talk to him. I couldn't ask for help. I couldn't ask for directions. It made me furious at how close I was to the answer and yet so far. We both raised our hands at the same time. As they were only an inched apart, I jerked awake. It was morning. My dreams were the same every night. I woke up same moment every time.
I stretched out my legs and arms and felt something soft yet chilly brush against my leg. I yelped and shot up to my feet. That cat again. Gods, Why doesn't this cat go away? It purred loudly, obviously annoyed to be woken up.
"That's it," i murmured, carefully scooping the cat off the ground and putting a good mile between us. I started to walk back to the tent but as i did something swiped me off of my feet. I fell face first onto the grass. I raised my head and spat out a mouthful of yummy, green grass. Yeah right. I got to my feet and pulled out my dagger but there was no one there except the cat. I wildly looked around, expecting an ambush but from where. And that's when this happened.
I decided that i must've tripped so I just started to walk back. An uneasy feeling climbing inside me. I shrugged it off and and strapped Ancile to my forearm. I followed my path back, breaking into a run as i closed the tent. I was almost inside. Almost.