
Percy burst out laughing. After a little while he finally managed to stammer,"yeah."
After he got over his fit, he dragged me over to a little bonfire and told me to dump the best part of my food into it and then say a little prayer to whichever god I wanted. I almost instantly chose Poseidon, my Dad..... The deadbeat who was never their for me...... Why did I chose him again?
Anyways Percy demonstrated how to offer the sacrifice and I ended up following his footsteps after a few seconds of hesitation.
We both went back to sit down when Percy said,"maybe you can meet some of my friends after eating, you know, for keeping a good face."
I was a little surprised that he said that because mostly when I met someone, they would just discard me like I didn't even matter. It was all about money out there, in the world but here, I felt like I was at home and I never really got a home after that incident 7 years ago.
I must have answered a bit earlier than he expected because he grinned madly again and wrapped me in a big bear hug.
The campers started eyeing us like we were crazy but no one said anything except for a girl about Percy's age.
By the time Percy saw her coming, I was out of breath and Percy was stammering an explanation.
"Oh... Ann...Annabeth..... um, meet my sis...sister, Crystal," Percy said.
A look of relief washed over that girl, Annabeth's face. Then she did said uh oh and turned deadly serious.
"A new pawn, this is not good, Perce," she said.
"Ah, come on, be a little friendly," he retorted, the turned to me," meet Annabeth!"
I held out my hand but Annabeth just folded her arms and left me hanging. I dropped my hand to my side and looked crestfallen which I was. Another disastrous meeting. Just what I needed!
Percy looked and me but then turned to Annabeth and glared at her.
Annabeth clearly lost the glaring contest because she said, in the most least interested tone of speech," nice to meet you newbie. Cabin 3 is yours. Percy will show you the place."
She then turned and jogged back to her table. I turned to Percy and said," what's up with her?"
He just shrugged and sat down on our table. I joined him and tucked in.
Sorry that I didn't update this sooner but in retrospect, I was really busy studying for my finals so I didn't get any time to update. Anyways, I made this chappy a bit longer than the rest to cover up for the delay. Hope you like it. And have a little treat.... COOKIES:   (::) (::) (::) (::) (::)
LIKE
COMMENT
RECOMMEND
FOLLOW
See you next week my amazing fans!!!




