
I stood there, surprised, confused and extremely light headed. A dull throb pulsed in the back of my head.
I regained my posture and asked," Why did you bow to me? Who are you? What form? Why is it..."
The lady cut me off by saying," My name is Skylla. The rest of your questions will be answered when you get to your father."
With that thought resonating through my mind, I gave Skylla an inattentive nod after which she ushered me to follow her.
After what seemed like hours of condemned silence, Skylla rounded a corner with me in pursuit.
I looked upon yet another corridor but this one lead into a room. A room that was barricaded by two double, glass doors that shimmered as a glistening light pounced upon them.
I peaked a glance from behind Skylla and was met by Percy's grinning face and Poseidon's humorous self.
I grinned to myself and broke out in a run only to be engulfed into a hug by Percy.
"Miss me?" I asked as a smirk played with the edges of my lips. Percy laughed and said," did you?"
I smirked as I spoke," nope!"
I pushed Percy's body away from me and skipped to the nearest cushion. Percy's hand hovered to where his heart should be as he faked hurt. I gave him my best diva smirk after which he shook his head and came to sit besides me.
I looked over to Poseidon after nervously glancing at Skylla. I began to ask about her but Poseidon beat me to it.
"Ah yes! I believe you wish to ask me about young Skylla here?" He said as he motioned towards Skylla.
I quickly nodded and waited for him to continue.
"A long time ago, when your mother fell in love with me, she had been blamed for stealing a sword. Your sword, pistos which literally means the loyal, was the missing sword. Well, long story short, your mother was sent on a quest along with another man named Davis Willis who was a son of Hermes. Davis was already injured by the time that they got to the sword's location using the entopistis or in other words, the locator which had been cooked up by Hephaestus. As I was saying, your mother and Davis had grown close together in a brotherly/sisterly way, that is why it broke her when he died. Even for a mortal she was very powerful. Not only did she have the sight but it was also believed that Zeus had blessed her heritage a long time back when a mere mortal had helped him in his bidding. For the sword, a cyclops held it under his possession. Your mother tricked the cyclops into giving her the sword after which she made her escape. Everyone on Olympus saw her actions and decided it would be best for Zeus to give her a... reward. When she got to the Olympus throne room, as permitted by Zeus, he rewarded her with three glowing beads. Those beads formed whichever living creature that the owner spoke of but it had limits, it could not exceed a certain power. Along with being a gift, it was also a curse. Whoever owns the beads has a terrible future or maybe no future at all. The owner, in this case, is you, my darling. The beads have come down in your heritage, much to my dislike."
The sea of information hit me hard. A singular tear rolled down my cheek as I thought of my mother and how she had sacrificed herself so that I could live my life.
I felt an arm drape around me. Percy sat next to me, mumbling soothing words. I glanced at him before turning to Poseidon who sat with his fingers interlocked and a grim expression plastered over his face.