
Want action? you'll get action......... woohoo! capture the flag....... plz vote, comment, follow and recommend!!! back to book..... peace out!!!
Crystal's pov:
I sat at the river line, glaring at Percy. How could he expect me to believe such a lame joke? He was grinning like a madhouse now. Given my confused expression, even I would have burst out laughing if only I hadn't been so confused. Confused by my mixed feelings. Confused about everything.
Percy pointed to the cavity above my head and said," don't believe me? Look for yourself."
I snarled but curiosity won me over and I raised my head to get a quick glimpse at what was above me but when I raised my head, I couldn't cut the connection until the sign faded.
A glowing, golden trident sat at the top of my head with green mist bellowing from it's corners. It faded away slowly as if making sure that everyone saw it, which in my case, would be a bad thing since I was not exactly the attention seeking type.
As soon as it was gone, I began panicking. My chest heaved up and down. My head was getting way over loaded. First, I find out that my dad is a god. Next I find out that i'm part god. Then I find out that i'm the daughter of one of the Big Three as Percy described it.
Percy tried to calm me down, as he did the water started to ripple at the lakes edge. I thought Percy was doing it but he was just as curious and alarmed about it as I. He told me to stay put and then dove into the water and appeared at the far edge.
Wow! He's fast! I thought. He stood there was a few seconds with a delighted smile on his face but then dove into the water and appeared next to me.
He held out a piece of paper, motioning for me to take it. Hesitating, I took the small piece of paper from his hands. I unfolded it and saw two headings. One held Percy's name and one held mine. I read the message under my name loud enough for Percy to hear," I'm sorry for not being there for you."
That's it. That's all that was written. I looked under Percy's heading and saw the simple words," I'm proud of you son."
Percy was beaming at me with delight. From the look on his face I figured that gods don't usually talk to their children. I sighed and got up.
"Is there anything to eat here?" I asked. Percy nodded and began trotting to a big Greek style pavilion. There were all sorts of food being served. The only unhealthy thing available was BBQ.
"Yikes! How do you guys survive without junk food?" I asked, stifling a laugh. Percy managed to stifle his laughter too but his eyes were wet. He showed me to a big blue table. No one was sitting there. I suppose Poseidon only had two kids but obviously I was proven wrong by the events that followed but we'll get to that later. Right now it was chow time.
Percy told me not to eat anything until he didn't come back. I nodded and he raced off towards a guy sitting in a wheelchair and started talking to him. I looked around and spotted an extremely angry looking bunch of kids that sat on a long brass table that was painted with scenes of death and war........... If I were to guess, Ares had kids. Really mean looking ones.
One of the girls from that table eyed me and began to get up.
I groaned. Oh no was the only thought that came to me before that girl decided to dump a plate of blood red grapes on top of my head. I closed my eyes but could somehow sense the sickly sweet juice that ran down my cheeks and dropped down to my shirt.
I picked up the plate that had hit the floor and put it on the table. I knew how to deal with bullies. Don't give them a schist. Ignore them.