
Percy chuckled but then began throwing me around like a rag doll for around three hours until I called a time out.
Percy's sword was about to meet my leg, I jumped avoiding his thrust on my leg but unfortunately, not avoiding it completely and getting hit on my ankle.
I fell out of the air with a loud oomph.
Percy's face filled with worry as he bent down next to me and took a look at my ankle.
My eyes had started to sting now. Percy took a look at my ankle after which his eyes took the look of a saucer.
"I'm so sorry, Crystal! I didn't mean to," Percy said, his tone filled with worry.
I felt a tear streak my face though it went unnoticed as all the sweat covered it.
I was lying down on the ground with my right arm resting on my forehead and my eyed shut tight. Percy gasped and I felt myself being swooped up from the ground.
I opened my eyes and found myself in Percy's arms as he ran towards the lake.
I let out a howl of pain as my foot slapped against a tree branch. Percy mumbled his apology before continuing his path.
Finally we reached the lake. Why were we there? I had no clue.
Percy looked at me to find my face scrunched up in pain. He sighed and mumbled under his breath," I hope this works."
Then he dropped me into the water, not caring weather I slammed to the floor. I yelped out in fear of receiving another blow to my ankle.
Percy gasped against. I had been awaiting the blow to my ankle but instead I found myself suspended in the air.
I jerked out of my position and hit the water which, to my surprise, shot out of the lake to soften my fall.
Percy took a step back from me with a confused look on his face. I looked down at my ankle which was completely healed now. That's when a glow overtook my body and I felt myself being lifted into the air.
I stream of water encased my body and then with a little blast the water fell back and I felt sleep overtake me.

Percy's pov:

After my sword had blasted Crystal's ankle, I had taken her to the lake in hope of getting her healed.
As soon as I dropped her, a strong wind blew against me and surfaced Crystal in mid-air.
I stood there gaping at a now suspended Crystal. Then the air thinned down as she fell towards the water where a bed formed under her the way it would with me.
The water started to heal her ankle. That's when Crystal realized that was happening since she jerked into a sitting position and stared at her ankle in amazement.
Just then, the air lifted Crystal off of the bed of water and a film of silver aura encased her to be followed by a stream of water that swirled around her.
Then the water dropped down with a little burst.
The air carried Crystal to the ground and set her down as if someone was carrying her.
Three marbles shimmered to existence in the air above her. The marbles began to grow in size until a low pop could be heard. Mist spewed from the marbles.
The mist was thick and blue. I tried to make my way to Crystal to help her but the sound of a horse neighing emitted from the hallow mist.