
The crystals became engrossed with the shimmering white light and seconds later, my necklace of invisibility, Ancile and my ring shimmered into existence. I sat there, gaping at the wondrous work of a force that I pondered about.
I suppose that my mouth had unhinged from it's place as my 'dad' reached out his hand and closed it.
I swallowed before asking," How did u do that?"
Poseidon chuckled with amusement at my perplexed expression.
After a moment, he came to realize that I was, indeed, not jesting when I had requested for knowledge of the source of the unknown magic that had revealed my items.
"Well, Gods can do stuff like that. Considering that I am a God, these kinds of power come to me easily!" boomed Poseidon's voice.
I sighed and said," well that explains absolutely nothing."
Poseidon chuckled and said," Indeed, and you never will. It is quit... complicated, you see. Even I haven't managed to understand this magic and it seems that I never will! Now get some rest and if you need anything then exit through the last door in this room and take a left, then a right and then yet another right and you shall come to a room with double doors. Your brother and I shall be in there. If you wish to speak to me about anything at all then come to the room. Now rest!"
Poseidon got up and left the room, following his very own instructions. I lay there in my bed with a thousand... maybe even more questions bubbling inside my brain and let me tell you; I think I know what an Athena spawn feels like every single day considering their intake of knowledge.
Finally my eyes rested on my weapons. I quickly draped on my necklace and pushed my ring into place with a slight grin appearing on my face. I grabbed my dagger and hooked it onto my belt with a slight click.
Feeling content and happy with myself, I lay back down in bed and drifted off to sleep.
I awoke to the sound of a yelp. An extremely loud yelp that sounded somewhat like Percy's. I quickly sat up and swung my legs off of the bed post. My legs hung over the bed as I tried to remember the directions to the room where Poseidon had mentioned would be the residence of Percy and him.
I think it was a left and a right and a left? No, it was right then a left and then a right again! Yes, that's it!
I quickly scrambled off of the soft bed that suddenly became much more inviting but I had to find Percy.
I ran towards the last door on the left. The door was engraved with medieval style patterns and a trident in the dead center.
I pushed open the heavy oak door using a handle that felt somewhat cold and heavy under my grasp.
Ignoring the feel of the door handle, I darted down the long corridor until I found a cross section.
The hall that I had passed was completely engrossed with sea shells and smelt like the ocean along with... cookies? Yup, cookies.
The ceiling was white washed with blue swirls here and there. I quickly cut my train of thoughts as I swirled to the path on my right.
I was expecting another crossroad but definitely not this. Never would I have expected to come face-to-face with a...
I love this chapter so much! firstly because I wrote 1750 words and second because I got 573 reads on my other books and 433 reads on this one!!! eeekkkk!!! sooo happy right now! thank u guys soooo much! i <3 u guys. And all of u who voted or commented r officially amazhang!!! oh and just becauz u reached this checkpoint doesn't mean u guys r off the hook for not commenting. U HAV 2 COMMENT ON THIS CHAPTER NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS!!!!!!