
So I sat there, not saying a word and acting as if nothing had happened. The girl started making fun of me but I just minded my own business and combed the grapes out of my hair.
Suddenly, she reached out and grabbed my hair and before I even had time to react, I was flipped on to the ground, face first. I let out a groan. Apparently, considering my luck, I had to land on a cup made of..... you guessed it, GLASS!!!
The cup shattered to bits as I landed on it. Small pieces of glass dug into my stomach and arms. I managed to heave myself to the other side. Yikes! I just had to land on a glass.
Clarrise grabbed my arm and pulled me to my feet and punched in my stomach so hard that I doubled over but before I could fall down, she grabbed my shoulder and muttered," you can't ignore a sass master."
She removed her hands and I toppled to the floor only to attain a kick to my recently broken ribs. I groaned in pain as little stars started to dance in front of my eyes.
I shook my head furiously and the stars vanished. First day at my dream destination and this happens. What did you like so much about this camp, mom?
It took me a few seconds to regain my regular breathing pattern. Clarrise was back on her table again. She was talking to her goons as though nothing had happened.
I saw Percy in the distance with two plates of delicious looking plates of BBQ. He looked at me, dropped the plates and ran to me...... Hero style.
"Cut the act, water boy," I murmured and tried to push myself off the ground but instead, groaned and fell back down.
Percy rolled his eyes and wrapped his arm around my waist. I administered this for a second, getting an uneasy feeling but I wasn't gonna get off the ground by myself so I complied and put my arm around his shoulders.
He hauled me to the table without breaking a sweat. What kind of camp is this? Everyone is like a sumo wrestler. Gosh!
I sat down hard on the bench and Percy fished out some nectar from his duffel bag that he, apparently, just got.
"Not that stuff again! I told you that I don't like it!" I wailed but Percy ignored me and forced me to drink it, again.
After I had half drained it, he pulled back the bottle. I spluttered and quaked for about five minutes. Percy clasped my shoulders in his hands and said,"try not to get killed while I get some food."
The he got up and walked to the buffet table where there were assorted ranges of scrumptious looking fruits and juices that had crystals forming on their glasses.
Next to that were hundreds of bronze goblets filled with I-don't-know. Dishes filled to the top with BBQ-ed chicken sat on a separate table.
Percy bobbled over to the BBQ station and filled two plates with it. Then he grabbed two cups between his arms and carefully walked over to me and placed the food in front of me.
I started to eat a piece but Percy slapped hard at my hand. I yanked it back and rubbed it. My skin had turned from a paper white to a blotchy red.
He stared at my hand with a tinge of guilt dancing in his eyes.
"What the h*ll was that for?!" I screamed. Percy grinned at me stupidly, all the seriousness and guilt dripping down his face. The annoying version of him was back.
"You use Hades instead of Hell here, silly," he said, trying to stifle his laughter. He must have been joking, I thought.
"What the h*ll are you talking about?" I asked, exasperated. The ground suddenly started to shake slightly. The color drained from my face, I turned to Percy and said," Gods take this kind of stuff seriously, don't they?"