
vote....comment......recommend........share.........spread the word........ thanks
Crystal's pov:
As Percy and I surged down the winding path, I heard a crunch as though someone had broken their ribs. Turns out, that someone was me. I stopped midway. Pain indulged me. How come I hadn't noticed this before? With every step I took, a searing hot pain glided along my left lung. Finally, I couldn't take it anymore and collapsed.
Percy's pov: (whoopee do:D)
As Crystal and I walked down to the camp, I decided to tell her about the camp and gods.
I started explaining the camp rules and regulations but I didn't get a reply so I turned around. I saw Crystal's limp body lying on the ground, unconscious.
"Oh no," I said, racing over to her. I shacked her desperately. No use, she's unconscious. Mr. D is going to kill me, I thought.
I carefully scooped her off the ground and whizzed past the cabins and activities, all the way to the infirmary.
"Percy, hey!" Annabeth called, looking up from a book (how typical), but I ignored her and burst through the infirmary door.
The camp healer shot me a warning look but then her eyes drifted to Crystal. She let out a gasp and scurried over to me. Her hand flew over Crystal's body but came to a stop at her rips.
"Hmm, a few broken ribs, she'll be fine. She isn't that hurt," she told me. She ran to the nearest cupboard and brought out a box of ambrosia pudding, a wet towel and some nectar.
She handed the stuff to me and said," feed her this, she isn't that hurt. She'll be fine by an hour or two. Bunk 2 is empty so I would place her there if I were you"
I took her advise so I laid her down on the second bunk. I wrapped the towel around her forehead. She felt a little feverish but the healer had said that she'll be fine. I just hoped that Mr. D wouldn't find out about this. I didn't want to loose my skin.
I grabbed a spoon from the side table and started to spoon feed Crystal. By the time the ambrosia finished, she was coming around.
After I was done feeding her the pudding, I just slumped back into my chair and went to sleep. I woke up to a groan.
Crystal was awake.
Crystal's pov:
I woke up on a soft feather bed. I let out a groan as I tried to move my sore body. Every part of me hurt. I looked around, taking in my surroundings. I was in a hospital, that I was sure of but where were all the doctors?
I came to face a half asleep Percy. I called out to him. He moaned a little, then whispered," two more minutes mom."
I stifled a laugh and lay back down. My mouth was feeling really dry so I lifted my head and scrounged the place for something to drink. Luckily, I found some weird looking liquid on my bed side table. Unluckily, this happened:
I shrugged and grabbed a glass that was filled with a milky liquid. It rested on a table right next to my bed. I attached my lips to the edge of the cup and took an uneasy sip.
The drink warmed me from the inside. It tasted like my mom's amazing Alfredo pasta. My mom's face flashed through my mind. My eyes swelled up and I thought that I was going to puke, cry and wet my pants, all at the same time. Talk about mixed feelings.
Let me correct myself, I didn't think I was going to puke, I did puke. Puke all over Percy that is.
He jolted up into a sitting position, he looked around as if expecting an attack. Then he looked down at his shirt.