
I put out a competition earlier and the first comment that I got was from @Starburst52 so you got a dedication. thank you so much for commenting..... the offer still holds..... comment and get a dedication. and @Starburst52, i'm relieved that you liked the chapters. Now back to chappy.
Crystal's POV:
I had been walking for hours now. Hungry, tired. After I had entered the island, I had no clue where to go. The slip only had,' Long Island Sound, largest pine tree' written on it. I was surrounded by pine trees. Which one was the largest? I had no clue. I couldn't exactly remember every single tree on the island, could I?
There weren't many cars on the road. Most markets had closed. I looked around. Oh, this is hopeless, I thought, that old lady sent me on a wild goose hunt. I kept on going, knowing that there was no turning back. I was stuck on this Island plus this was the first lead that I had gotten about Camp Half Blood in years. This was my only chance.
I dug my hands deep into my jacket, trying to warm myself but failing miserably. I pulled out five cents from the remaining five dollars and stared at them. Well, I could buy something to eat, I thought. My stomach growled in agreement.
I snorted but stopped at a store. Luckily they hadn't closed yet but were about to. The man took pity on me and handed me two large packets of biscuits even though I was a bit short on money, at the least that's what he believed. I thanked him, snickering behind his back and continued my trail, stopping every now and then to rest.
Finally, I settled in for the night. I sat down on the side of the road, leaning against a tree. I took off my bag and put it down. Gods, I was really tired.
I took out the biscuits and gobbled them up. Yum... gobble....Yum... smack... Yum.
Once my tummy was full and I felt like dozing, I slid my bag under my head and lay down. Wow, maybe i'll finally fulfill my mom's wish, i thought. With that happy thought echoing through my head, I fell asleep. A nightmare awaited.
I was back in that hallway again. The illuminated bulb flickered. The same boy stood in front of me but there was something wrong about his expression. He seemed almost frightened by something. Suddenly, his form began to flicker. Switching from a boy around thirteen to a punk girl around fifteen.
I now looked at a girl with spiked, black, shoulder length hair. She had bright blue eyes that sparked electricity. Her lips formed a frown. She wore black, scorched jeans and a pale white shirt with marks of dirt and blood here and there. A brown leather jacket covered her arms and back. Brown boots protruded a little below her knees and she wore a spiked, silver charm bracelet on her wrist. A gleaming bronze dagger like mine was strapped against her thigh. She was dressed somewhere between a hipster and a Goth.
My arm started to raise itself without my order. A look of confusion splattered on top of the girls face as her arm defied her as well. She strained to pull her arm to her side but her effort was fruitless.
As my hand was inches within her hand, a voice rattled from the far corner of the hallway. I turned to look and saw that another bulb had been switched on.
I saw a teenage boy around seventeen standing there. He had blonde hair and a devilish smile plastered on his face. A cut ran from just under his left eye to the corner of his mouth. I could barely make out his face. He had brown eyes. He wore a skin tight white shirt that showed off his muscles and a baggy pair of faded blue jeans. I looked down and saw a meter long sword that hung by a latch at his side. One side was made of sparkling silver and one was of gleaming bronze like mine and that girls.
He arched an eyebrow, tentatively looking at the girl who turned to facing him.