
I got knocked to the ground. The sea shells covered my body. I tried to move but the load and pressure was far too much.
I was going to get crushed! Then I heard a muffled snort behind me. I tried to look over there to find a pretty lady standing in the door way.
She had emerald green eyes, blonde hair that seemed to glow in the night light and a mischievous grin on her face. She had a porcelain figure and wore a fine silk dress, silver was the color that drenched her body. She had glistening skin that was lightly tanned.
Her eyebrows were arched above her eyes that sparkled with an air that only Conner and Travis Stoll could have mustered. Thick and long eyelashes protruded from her eyelid.
Her hair fell down her shoulders in light curls. She wore heels that resembled Cinderella's gown slippers.
All in all, she was pulchritudinous. (pulchritudinous means beautiful)
I watched as she raised her hand and all the sea shells disappeared. I looked at the lady and said," Thank you."
"Your welcome, now come," was the lady's simple speech.
I followed her into the now empty room and took a seat on a tortuous couch that, surprisingly, was so soft that it sunk under my weight.
The lady sat opposite to me and said," I take it that you are Percy Jackson, brother to Crystal Chase, son to Poseidon and retriever of the Zeus's master bolt."
I was shocked that she knew about me but then came to the conclusion that maybe my dad had spoken about me in front of her which definitely explains her knowledge of my heritage and my achievement.
I nodded and said," Who are you?"
The lady seemed to travel through a deep train of thoughts before finally saying," I think that the right question would be what I am. As for names, my name is Skylla."
It took me a moment to process that. The lad... Skylla had said that the right question would be what she is so I asked her," So Skylla, what are you?"
She looked at me and smirked. After a moment she answered my question," I am everything. I can be anything my master asks me to be."
"Anything?!? How? Who's your master?" I voiced my troubled thoughts.
She lady looked amused at my scrunched up and confused face. After a moments worth of waiting, she replied with a simple answer," Watch."
There was a light POP at the place where Skylla had been sitting. A thin membrane of mist covered her body and dissolved her into nothing more than three marble balls.
The balls hovered in free air, with an air of superiority. I looked shocked because that is exactly what I was.
Then the marbles started to enlarge, taking up the shape of a rough sketch of a horse.
There was a faint pop before a white stallion materialized before me. The same one that Crystal and I had ridden back here.
That's when I was shocked beyond belief. I fell off of the cushion and landed on the cold hard floor.
Unfortunately, a Lego had supposedly decided to place itself under my stomach. The plastic piece dug into my stomach until I yelped out in pain and rolled to my back.
What is a Lego doing on the floor of Poseidon's palace? I thought as I rubbed my stomach which was raw red.
The horse seemed to snicker and it's mouth twisted into a hideous lop sided grin.