
A hand swirled me around and I came to face an old women with a dog at her feet. She had one hand on my shoulder and another holding a leash. She had a sickly sweet smile plastered onto her face. A cold feeling ran up my spine. Who is this women?
The women seemed to read my thoughts as she replied almost instantly," my name is Heston.  Elizabeth Heston. And you are?"
I thought about telling her a random fake name but quickly decided against that idea. She could read my mind so it was no use lying to her. " Crystal Arlene Chase but i don't see how this could help you," i replied to her question, nervously.
Elizabeth snickered and said," oh darling, you might just be the most important piece on the board but don't worry, i won't kill you yet." She laced a hand through my hair and said, " such beauty going to waste." Her speech almost put me into a trance. I shaked my head and said," you don't control me, leave, now."
"oh sweetie, getting worked up already, simmer down" she replied, keeping her calm but after a moment, continued," well, they told me not to kill you but they didn't tell me not to hurt you." Her voice now a rasp. I quickly backed up. My back was now against the tent. Should i make a run for it?
" oh I wouldn't do that, see my dog is really fast. He gets hungry sometimes. I'm sure they wouldn't mind if you were an arm or leg short," she said, almost in a whisper. She brought her face up to mine and continued," sweetie, you do know that you are destined to die. Not now, a few years at most. you wanted an address didn't you, well here you are." she handed me a piece of paper. She turned around starting to leave.
"Wait! Why help me if you want me dead?" I asked, not quite understanding why this women would help a stranger. She glanced back, threw me a smile and disappeared, as in disappeared into thin air. I looked around but couldn't see her anywhere. Shaken from the experience, I packed up my tent and stuffed my things into my bag after eating a granola bar.
I unfolded the paper and tried to decipher the words. Luckily I understood it within seconds. The weird thing, it was writen in Greek and somehow, I could read it as easily as normal people can read english. How weird is that? I shrugged. Written on the piece of paper was the address. Camp Half Blood was apparently somewhere in Long Island Sound and I was in Queens, New York. That was almost 55 miles. It would take days to get there on foot and I only had twenty dollars. Now what!
An idea raced through my mind. I grinned and set off to work. I dumped all of the stuff, that I had, onto the ground and started to make two piles. The first was of things that I could sell and the other was of things that I would need to get to the camp.
I kept with me my mom's note, ancile, a granola bar, my necklace and my bag. The rest were the things that I would be dishing out to people. Surprisingly enough, there were a lot of people who would take stuff from a twelve year old who's on the streets. Unluckily, some decided not to pay but I have my ways of getting people to cough up cash. It gets like that when your on the streets for seven years. It's a miracle that I even survived.
When I had sold all of the saleable items except for the tent, I had a total of sixty dollars. I needed at the least thirty more dollars so that I would be able to get something to eat and pay for the tolls aswell. Well at the least I still have the tent. Just have to hope that someone will buy it for thirty dollars.
Luckily, I found someone who wanted to buy the tent. Unluckily, he drove off without paying. I just stared at the nerve of that guy. Why would anyone steal from a twelve year old orphan who lives on the streets. Anyway, now I had a total of sixty dollars.