
Hey guys, *sniff* hope you like this chapter. *sob* I really hope you co...com...comment an...and *breaks down crying*
Comment and vote for crying out loud!!! Oh and I am deeply sorry for not updating earlier! Onto da chappie:

Percy's pov:

After finding out that a horse had recently saved me from a pile of sea shells, a cough had sounded behind me.
I turned around to find the God of the Sea, Poseidon himself. I yelped and shot a foot back in surprise but then re administered my posture and bowed.
Poseidon (posy-done... LOL) chuckled and made his way towards me. I canceled out my bow and said," um, hi?"
"Hello, my son!" exclaimed Poseidon, then continued," It is most fortunate for you to have tagged along."
I seriously needed an ear plug. He was practically bellowing every word that escaped his mouth. I gave him a lopsided grin to which he put one of his hands on my shoulders and said," come, let's sit and talk."
He towed me over to the cushion upon which I slumped down to take a seat. Poseidon sat opposite to me, in the place where Skylla... The horse had seated herself... Or should I say itself? Eh, who cares?
I felt my fingers drumming on my knee as I started to get impatient so I said," Is Crystal alright?"
"Ah yes, she will be quite alright. I see you have met her horse, Skylla, is it?" Poseidon replied. I nodded before saying," So, a shape shifting horse. What gave you that idea?"
Poseidon shrugged and said," She is one of the eight horses that towed my carriage into the battle with Ouranos. She is very loyal indeed. Quite loyal and trustworthy is she thought she does show a hint of pride towards male members of the universe... Well that is except for me."
I nodded and asked," So one of the eight immortal ones?"
"Quite right, son," Poseidon replied.
The silence lingered on until Poseidon said," So, how is life?"
"Um, the same I guess. School's pretty boring. I tried for Goode school. They took me in but I um... Sorta trashed their gym room. A bunch of monsters attacked. Luckily Annabeth showed up but we still barely got away."
Poseidon looked shocked and grim. He spoke next," well I can see that you are carrying your family traits. Zeus and I are as such troublemakers as you are... Perhaps even more so."
I let loose a low laugh that surprisingly made Poseidon's make light up.
"I guess it's true! I mean mom told me that you were irresponsible... sometimes... Um, your not going to shred me are you?" I said. I let loose a few words that were not likely to be used as to describe a God's character so I tried to backtrack myself but failed miserable as usual.
Poseidon chuckled and said," Oh dear no, I will not shred you to bits! That's Zeus's job!"
I let loose a nervous chuckle. My uncle Zeus certainly wasn't the most cheerful person on the Earth. Well neither was Uncle Hades. I shuddered when I thought about him.
Finally when Poseidon had calmed down, I asked," So where are we?"
Poseidon grinned and said," We are in my palace. The one in Atlantis!"
What in the name of Hades is Atlantis?!? I thought but said," Cool!"
"Indeed, I jus..." Poseidon started but was interrupted by footsteps that were  coming from the end of the corridor.