
Hey, guys! I hope you like the chapter. I would like to ask you guys to read @Oceanusblue11 's books. She's a really awesome friend of mine and I would love it if you guys read her book!!! <3 oh and read my other book as well and COMMENT!!!

Crystal's pov:

After having given a hug to the towering centaur, I had run off to join Percy in our sword fighting session. My footing was quite but quick as I approached Percy. He was looking over to the Big House as he had called it. I crept up behind him without anyone in the area taking any notice.
I yelled a battle cry and pounced on top of his. Percy started to shake his head and said," you'll never stop, will you? What did Chiron want with you?"
I slid off of his back and said," No, my reign of terror will never end! Also, I like annoying you. Chiron gave me my weapons or jewelry, whichever."
Percy looked at me for further explanation so I thrust forward my ring.
"Yo... you got ENGAGED!" Percy yelled.
I slapped him upside his head with an annoyed look on my face though I was slightly amused. I turned the ragged piece of sea green stone that was perched on top of the silver band. I hadn't noticed this before but Greek letters were inscribed on the outer band that scrounged the area.
The same tendrils twirled around my hand and a celestial bronze sword appeared in my hand.
"Wow! That's neat!" Percy exclaimed but then added," kind of like mine, don't you think?"
"What do you mean?" I asked him with a confused look on my face. Percy smirked at me and took out a pen. It was normal blue pen with a rusty bronze cap on top.
"You... You're going to... use a pen? What for?" I stammered.
Percy let out a little laugh before uncapping the pen. Instead of a pointed tip showing, a three feet long, celestial bronze sword appeared in the place where the pen had been a few moments ago.
I stood there gaping at it until Percy reached out his sword and closed my mouth with a little laugh.
"We both have identical swords!" I muttered as realization stumbled upon me.
Percy backed one or two feet away from me and said," well, let's not waste any time and begin."
I steadied my sword in my hand and nodded with a firm and determined expression on my face.
Percy swung his sword as my sword met his in mid air. He broke my lock and swirled and tried to bring his sword to my neck but I ducked. His sword cut the air from where I had been a second ago.
I tried to swipe Percy's legs from under him but failed miserably because he jumped to avoid my leg.
I jumped to my feet and dodged yet another strike. Percy gripped my arm and swirled me around to pin me.
I let out a groan as Percy's sword cut my arm leaving a cut around the size of my hand.
I fell to the ground and grabbed my arm and muttered," No fair! It's my first time! No cutting... or hitting!"
Percy burst out laughing and said," yeah right! Who said that this was going to be a risk-free practice? When you're out there, there will always be monsters on your trail and trust me, they will not fight fairly. They will try to kill you every chance they get."
"Thanks for the tip, Mr. Optimistic," I said to him.