
Hey guys, plz leave a comment on the chapter. Tell me if u like the book or nah!

Crystal's pov:

As I was saying before I was rudely interrupted by someone, I rounded the corner and came face-to-face with a gigantic... Dog? No, a hell hound! Percy had told me about one of these! What did I know about them? Um, they were very dangerous, not very helpful!
What should I do?!? I thought. The hell hound looked more of a garbage truck with it's enormous size and dirty brown over coating of fur. It red eyes that glowed menacingly were fixated on my small figure.
I took a step back from the loud noise issued through the mouth of the hell hound. Like freakishly loud noise. I closed my eyes in hope that the hell hound wouldn't swoop down and eat me.
Then I remembered that I still had my weapons! I reached for my necklace of invisibility as the hell hound inched closer towards my face.
Got it! I thought as I pressed my finger against the cool metal rim of my necklace.
Coldness washed over me as soon as my finger contacted the necklace. At the least I had gotten used to it. It still gave me the creeps! As soon as I was invisible, I darted in the other direction from the hell hound and quickly rounded a corner.
I looked around myself. I stood in a long corridor that was encrusted with blue paint. The tops and bottoms of the walls were decorated with glimmering white pearls. I looked above myself and gasped.
It was pulchritudinous! The wall covering the corridor was carved into the shape of a dome. The wall depicted battle scenes and the waves as they thrust upon the shores. The crazy thing was that they looked real, as if they were actually hitting the shores!
I didn't realize that I had been staring at the wall until I heard a loud growl from right behind me. Fear and realization washed over me as I turned around and was greeted by the furious face of the hell hound.
Thick, gooey saliva dripped out of the corners of it's mouth. The saliva was slightly tinged and smelled like a dozen chicken steaks that had been left to rot for over a month in a limited area.
A jagged breathe released from my lungs that even i hadn't noticed was being held hostage by them.
The hell hound swooned down, it's breathe iced my skin. My breathing grew unsteady as I closed my eyes as tightly as I possibly could've.
I felt for my ring. Just as my hand was about to come upon my ring, a sudden flash of white light surrounded the corridor, blinding me.
The curtains draping my eyes pulled up, revealing my glistening eyes. A women with the beauty of a goddess appeared before my eyes.
Beautiful, emerald green eyes embedded her face that was showing slight humor and amusement as if she were sharing a silent joke with herself.
Her dazzling blonde hair fell down her back in light curls.
Thick and long eyelashes protruded from her eyelid providing her face with more beauty, if that was possible.
She wore a fine silk gown that gathered at her feet. A blue belt laced around her waist. Her porcelain figure was held with pride that would most likely be held by a goddess.
She would've passed as a goddess by me but just as I thought it suitable to bow,  the women arched her back and bowed to me.
My face contorted into a confused look. The women must have seen my sudden change in expression as she spoke," Hello! If I must say, it is an honor to meet you. I must apologize for my form that you have had to see. As of now, I must insist on helping you find your way to your father and... brother."