
I slumped down on my mattress and unfolded the paper that my mom had given me. I found a necklace in it. It was a sea green flower. I was about to get up to go say thank you to my mom but just then I noticed that the paper had been scribbled on. I picked it up and tried to read it. After fifteen minutes, I could finally read the first line. It took me around an hour to decipher the message:
Dear Crystal,
If you are reading this then know that I always loved you and still do but I had to leave. Don't cry over me. I may not return but that necklace will always remind you of me. You have made me proud to be your mother. Go to camp half blood. You will find help there. Treat them as your family. Tell Chiron, the activity director , my name. He will know who you are and don't worry if you don't understand. He will explain everything to you. Be safe. Forever. I will always be with you. I love you my sweet heart. Now leave this house before they find you. Look after yourself. Be my brave girl. Climb out the window. Your bag is filled with all the money that we have. Take it. Use it wisely, only in case of emergencies. Mama loves you. Bye.

I just sat there gaping at the piece of paper. Out of the blue, I heard an angry roar in the distance. That was definitely not a human. My mom must've heard it because seconds later she burst into the room. When she saw the tears in my eyes, she said," you read it, didn't you?
I just nodded in reply and got up. I knew what I had to do so I began doing it. Minutes later, I was all packed and ready to go. My mom grabbed my hand and led me to the window. I quickly grabbed the letter and my favorite drawing and climbed out.
I quickly got down and motioned for my mom to follow but she just shook her head no. I stared at her. Realization dawned over me but it was too late to save her. The monsters were already at the door, tearing it down without breaking a sweat.
Mom saw me and nodded firmly. I took a deep breath, took in her face..... Wow! It would be the last time that I'll ever see her. I held back a sob and darted through the forest.
I, finally, jerked back to reality. A black kitten was purring just outside the tent. My things were scattered all over the tent floor. I pushed aside some of the stuff and grabbed my bag. I dumped all the things in it onto the floor. I awarded myself a fake prize. Finally, some food, even though I stole it, I was pretty content. At the least I had something to eat.
I grabbed a piece of candy and pulled off the wrapper and munched on it. Once I was done, I was about to put everything back when I heard the cat purr again. This time it came from right behind me, making me jump.
"Stupid cat," I murmured. I tried to make it go away but nothing was working. After a few minutes of fruitless effort, I started cleaning my tent. I stuffed everything inside my bag and used it as a pillow to sleep. Of course a dreamless sleep would've been better but since when do I get those.
Hey guys.... Hope you enjoyed it...... keep up with Crystal. Percy will come soon enough.... If you don't know this then I'm telling you now: this is a mix of Crystal's story and Percy's sea of monsters story so don't get confused if there are some parts that didn't happen in the story...... I would really like it if you like, comment and follow..... plz spread the word and ask people to read my book..... uh, pretty plz???
Vote... comment.... follow