
Percy smirked at rolled onto him back before jumping to his feet and helping me up.
"Go change and meet me outside in ten minutes. You need some training," Percy said.
I turned on the balls of my feet and stormed into the bathroom where I quickly showered and slipped on my clothes.
I surged out of the bathroom door and walked through the main door to find Percy leaning against the wall on the left side of the door.
"Come on. Let's see how you do in a fight," Percy said, the tone of joke had disappeared.
"A fight with you, huh?" I asked. Percy just nodded as a smirk played his lips.
I was getting slightly nervous now. I did not intend to get into a fight with my newly found half brother.
Percy motioned for me to follow him to a vast piece of land where people could be seen fighting. To the left, people sent arrows flying. The arrows cut through the air with extreme grace and landed on the circular red mark.
To the right, I could see a climbing wall around as big as a five storey building with... was that lava?
I let out a gasp which caught Percy's attention. He turned towards me and asked," Is something wrong?"
"There's la...lava flowing on that climbing wall!" I shrieked.
Percy clearly didn't get what was so wrong about this so he asked," So?"
"You guys climb that wall?" I asked, still shocked about my discovery. This camp really is extreme!
Percy nodded and said," Come on, I'll show you."
After that he ran off towards the far right with me at his heels. Percy came to a stop at the foot of the wall with me gasping for air behind him.
"I'll show you how to do it. Just stay really close behind me. Okay?" Percy asked.
"How about we rest for a while first?" I asked, my chest still heaving.
Percy sighed and ran to the foot of the wall. He started climbing.
I muttered a few colorful words before running to catch up to Percy. I took the path that he was taking but still had to ask for help once in a while.
As I started climbing, lava came pouring down the wall. I let out a yelp and, by mistake, let go of the handle of the climbing wall.
Luckily, Percy somehow managed to grab my hand and throw me to the side where it was same from lava.
Percy himself had gotten a little singed. The hairs of his arms had disintegrated and his face was as red as a tomato.
I could clearly see that he was not a fan of getting barbequed. After that incident, I only nearly fell twice.
The second time, some guy had kicked me in the face. I tried to keep my grip on the handle but ended up having Percy give me a hand again.
After that incident, Percy decided that it would be better if I could be in the lead so that if I fall, he can grab me.
Luckily, we were almost to the top by now. Unluckily, when we were about meter away from the top, the lava started flowing.
I couldn't help myself so I let go and fell on top of Percy. We were thrown three meters down.
Percy just managed to grab the edge of the wall. He was supporting his own weight and mine.
"Crystal, I can't see!" he yelled. I realized that my arms were wrapped around the top of his head, covering his eyes. I removed my arms and grabbed his arm.