
"Oh dear, you don't have to te..." Chiron started but I cut him off by saying," Evangeline Chase."
Chiron's face turned grave as he said;" I had a gaining suspicion that you were her daughter."
He then pulled out a bag from out of nowhere and fished through it. He pulled out a necklace with pendant depicting a pair of turquoise glasses and shoved it into my hand.
Then he went fishing through his bag once again and pulled out a ring. The ring was blue in color with waves carved into it. A single, ragged piece of stone sat at the centre.
"Your hand, my dear," Chiron said.
My right hand surged towards Chiron, coming to a stop a mere inch from where his hand was.
Chiron grabbed my hand and put in on. Sparks flew around and the air suddenly started smelling like the ocean.
"My dear, you wear the ancient ring of your very own father, Poseidon. This here was his sword," Chiron said tapping my ring.
As soon as Chiron's finger touched the stone, tendrils started to wrap around my hand. They formed the figure of a sword at immense speed after which the sword materialized into a gleaming bronze sword. The tendrils that covered my wrist had faded.
I gaped in amazement at the sword that had appeared in my hand.
"That is celestial bronze, deadly to monsters but doesn't harm mortals," Chiron explained.
Then he asked for the necklace. I handed it over to his and picked up my hair that littered my back. He delicately put the necklace on me and said," touch it to turn invisible."
I thought he was joking but I had a reason to reason with my reasoning. (See what I did there!)
I touched the pendant that hung from the silver chain and I felt coldness overtake me.
Chiron was looking right at me but his eyes told me that he couldn't see me.
I touched the pendant again and looked at Chiron.
"Now go and train. You will need your training," Chiron said.
I thanked him and tackled him into a hug which took him by surprise then I ran off to join Percy and my training began.
Well guys, I hope you like it. I haven't been updated much but I promise that I will start to update now. Sorry about the hold. Love you my peeps. Don't forget to comment, vote and recommend.
P.S: I wrote another book by the name of:
"Percy Jackson/Harry Potter crossover"
It would mean a lot to me if you guys read it and happy dance. More than 300 reads!!! Eek! So happy right now! Until next time!