
Percy swung me to the nearest handle as I latched myself to the stump that protruded from the steep wall.
"Just stop falling," Percy said.
I nodded since I was far too scared to say anything else. I started climbing and soon we were at the top. Percy got up first and waited for me to pull myself up to where he stood.
Problem 1: a few stumps were missing or just weren't put there as a hurdle.
Problem 2: I had no clue how to pull myself up from such a distance.
I couldn't exactly launch myself up like Percy. I didn't know how to. Percy realized this because he gave me a hand, exasperated. He pulled me to the top and said," Now it's your turn. Alone."
I panicked at this. I almost fell off of this wall five times and almost got BBQed six times.
"No no! I am not going to climb that wall alone!" I said at the verge of a panic attack.
Percy sighed at grabbed me. He swung me over his back like it was no deal then walked over to the edge of the wall and called out," Hey Will! Can you catch her?"
Some guy nodded in the distance called over another guy who pulled out an inflated balloon the size of a king sized bed and gave a thumb up to Percy.
Realization dawned over my face as I said," Percy, what are you thinking about? What are you going to do?"
Percy grinned like a maniac. I felt myself loose all my color as Percy hefted me up and threw me into the air.
I was having a panic attack. I screamed all the way down. I didn't even stop screaming when I hit the balloon.
I didn't notice it. The balloon felt like it was made of water or feathers. A guy came over and pinched my mouth shut with his forefinger and thumb.
Then the guy said," Hi, my name is Will and Percy is going to jump so I suggest that you move out of the way."
I staggered to my feet and sat down on the ground as Percy let out a cry of joy and somersaulted himself off of the top of the wall.
Percy appeared next to me. I started slapping and hitting him while the people present at the wall started laughing.
"SHUT UP!" I yelled at them. I was seriously angry now. The laughter quickly died away. I grabbed Percy by his arm and dragged his off to the sword pit.
"Train me in a way that doesn't require lava!" I yelled at him, gaining a few awkward glances from the passer bys.
Percy grinned like a maniac and said," Fine. Though, if I were you, I would've stuck to climbing the lava wall. My best sport is sword fighting but still; we would've gotten to this somehow."
Suddenly, my name sounded in the distance. I swirled around to find Chiron gazing at me from the archery section. I trudged over to him after saying," I'll be back, Jackson."
Percy uttered a little laugh after which he said," I'll warm up, milady."
I bowed and exited, princess style. I walked over to Chiron and said," You called for me, Chiron."
Chiron nodded and said," My dear, I wished to ask you who your mother is or was."
I almost choked at the words that he uttered. I remembered my mom's words to tell the director of the place her name.
I stood there for a few seconds, trying to gather up the courage to tell him. A tear slid down my face as my mother's face flashed inside my mind.