
I whipped my head around so fast that I almost got whiplash. I turned to see...

Crystal's pov:

I had awoken on a soft and comfy bed made of sea foam. How it was made? I have absolutely no clue. How I knew that it was sea foam? I, again, was in the blue.
Suddenly... Harry Potter apparated himself to the foot of my bed and I started to squeal and blush like crazy! Just joking, I would never squeal for Harry, I would squeal for Percy Jackson the ADHD (A Dam Hot Demigod) kid. LOL! a man in blue Bermuda shorts and a Hawaiian shirt appeared at the foot of my bed.
Shocked to see a man materialize out of thin air in front of me, I jerked back and made the mistake of trying to get up.
My lungs flared dangerously and my ankle started to throb in pain. I gasped because of the sudden pain in take and hit the comfy mattress of the bed once again.
"Whoa whoa whoa... Take it easy there, baby seal!" the man said. Baby seal? What in the name of Hades was that all about? I thought.
"Wh... who are yo...you?" I stammered as I clutched my stiff sides.
"Why, I am your father, Lord Poseidon!" the man or should I say Dad... or, well, Poseidon, said.
"Father? okay, imma gonna go to Neverland now," I said as I tried to pinch myself out of this dream or so I thought.
Poseidon chuckled and continued with his explanation," I am your Father, Lord Poseidon, God of the sea, storms and earthquakes. Oh and did I mention creator of horses?"
I just sat there staring at him in bewilderment. Finally, I managed to get these unwise words out of my mouth," What is it with you guys and your titles? I only asked for your name! It was the same with Mr. D, Chiron and many of the campers."
To my surprise, instead of getting turned into a horse or something, he started to laugh.
"Ah indeed. You do make a quite argumentative point. Perhaps you should join the council of Justice!" Poseidon's booming voice echoed through the, what I presumed was, the infirmary.
At this, I started to laugh like a maniac.
"Yo... your kid! Coun... council of Jus... Justice! Hilarious! That was the funniest thing that I have heard all morning!" I wiped a tear from my eyes and looked up to see Poseidon with a weird look on his face.
"Why not?" asked Poseidon.
I looked at him and found a serious looking pops. My laughter died as I spoke," Well... It's just... It's just that.... Um, Athena's kids would be better at this job, so yeah!"
Poseidon slapped his hand on my shoulder with a chuckle... He may have seemed like an old man but he was not, I repeat, he was not on a shortage for strength.
My shoulder slumped down at this sudden load of pressure on my shoulder. I let loose a nervous chuckle to avoid entering another silence hole but completely failed.
The air surrounding us became so thick that I could practically cut through it with my dagger. Speaking of which; where are my weapons?
"Where is my stuff?" my voice sounded.
Dad smiled and said," Your 'stuff' is right here!"
Poseidon's hand cut through the air, inches away from the bed foam. Suddenly a glistening light expanded from a few crystal's that dad had apparently thrown into the air.