
There was definitely history between them. The girl held a look of confusion and relief on her face. She began to walk towards him but was thrown back by an invisible force. She slid to a stop at the end of the hallway. The boy tried to run to her and help but as soon as he took his first step, he vanished into thin air.
I looked at the place where he had been standing, unable to comprehend his disappearance. I swirled around. The girl was gone as well.
I turned back to the direction of the boy and found a woman around fifty standing so close to me that the bridges of our noses would have touched had I not taken a step backwards.
The women looked indescribably like my mother but my mom was dead. She had sacrificed herself for me.
As I looked at her, some features disturbed me even more than her resemblance to my mom. At the top of the list was that she wasn't standing, she was floating in mid air like a balloon. Second, she spewed some substance that was like fog.
It curled like tendrils when it came close to the ground. I took another step back and debated whether I should run for it. I decided in favor of that idea. I turned on the balls of my feet and darted for the far end of the hallway.

My feet thudded against the wooden floor. As I neared the end, I heard something move behind me. I turned around and saw the woman within arms reach. She raised her arm and put her hand on my shoulder.
Suddenly, she opened her mouth and gave out a shrill cry. It sounded so such like my mom's scream that I backed up quickly, frightened. I stood there utterly terrified until her mouth closed and she said,"Polyphemus."
She turned and took off. The mist covered her. It was a strange sight. A fifty year old lady with white hair racing across a hallway, not exactly an every day sight.
i would've burst out laughing but I was too petrified to do that. As soon as I jerked back to life, I called out,"wait! What are you talking about? Who's Polyphemus? Who are you?" but she was long gone.
Suddenly, a voice echoed through the hallway,"wake up! wake up!"
I jerked awake and looked around wildly, once my eyes had adjusted to the fim light, I spotted a boy. Not just a boy, the boy. The boy from my dreams. I sat up and said," your not real, I dreamed you!"
"some dreams are true," he said. I started to move away but he grabbed my hand and yelled," Camp Half Blood, Largest Pine, off the coast, Climb the hill. GO!"
I woke up, this time for real. My chest was heaving. I sat up straight and coughed. After my breathing came back to normal, I began to notice things that I hadn't before.
First, my bag was missing. Someone had taken it. All I had now was my dagger, my necklace and my mom's note that I had tucked inside my jacket's pocket.
Second, I wasn't anywhere near the place I had lied down to sleep. I was on a beach. The cold ocean water tickled my feet. The edges of my jeans were wet and my boots lay next to me. It was still early. The first hews of sunlight had just spewed from the top of the inflamed ball.
I got up and pulled on my boots. The boy had said off the coast and up a hill, I thought, so the hill with the largest pine. That's what i'm looking for. That's my destination. I let out a sigh of relief. I knew where to go because I was staring at the tree.
A pine tree protruded from within the island. It was no doubt the largest one there. With happy resolutions firing through my mind, I set off.