
"Great. First day back at camp and I get puked on," he mumbled.
"Uh, sorry?" I said. He didn't seem mad, actually he looked a bit relieved.
"Oh thank the gods your awake!" he exclaimed.
I wasn't quite expecting this reaction so I just changed the subject as smoothly as I could. Luckily Percy played along. "Okay...... So, what is Camp Half Blood?" I asked.
Percy replied," your at a camp for Demigods. Everything you read in Greek mythology? It's all real. All the gods, all the heroes. All of it. Sometimes these gods have children with mortals called half bloods but the official term is Demigods.... Any questions?"
I stared at him as though he had gone crazy. What the hell is he talking about? Gods? That's as far fetched as it gets.
"Nice joke, now tell me the truth," I said, trying to keep my cool but it was really getting hard to do that.
He let out a sigh but didn't say anything. I became paralyzed as I realized that he was telling the truth but then that would mean.... That I am....... No but it couldn't be.
Percy looked at my expression and said," yup, your a demigod! Come on, lets get you a better weapon but first you need to drink this." He shoved the goblet with the milky liquid towards my mouth but I slapped his hand away saying," I don't want to drink that."
"Come on just one sip. It's not like it'll kill you or something," he said, trying to comfort me but I didn't budge. Here's another fact about me, I'm stubborn.
I didn't agree on drinking the liquid so Percy ended up having to shove it down my throat. I gagged but managed to keep the liquid down.
I threw a fit and started screaming and punching him. He didn't know what to do so he ended up running out of the infirmary with me on his heels screaming," PERCY JACKSON, COME BACK HERE THIS INSTANCE!."
I completely lost it. Then a boy around fifteen stuck out his foot.
He had black eyes and blonde hair that were flicked over one of his eyes. He was wearing a camp Half Blood orange shirt with blue pants. Come to think of it, all of the kids at camp were wearing orange shirts and jeans. Even the girls. Anyways, the boy was trying to act all cool. He had his hands tucked into his jean's pockets and was whistling.
Percy didn't noticed the stuck out foot until he lay, sprawled, on the ground. I felt sorry for Percy. I had been through quite a few incidents in my childhood that told me that bullies are nothing but big mutts.
Instead of ransacking Percy, I turned towards the boy and started yelling at him," WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING? I'm the only one who is allowed to do that!"
The kid freaked out and nodded, practically shaking. Even though I was about three years younger than him, when I threw a fit, even the worst people would cower. He apologized and went to doing whatever it was he was doing.
Percy decided to sneak past me while I was yelling at that kid. He was whizzing towards a lake. I sighed. Boys! ugh.
Percy was already halfway to the lake when I started running towards him.
He turned back for a moment. He saw me running towards him and smirked. Why that little..!!!, I thought.
I put on some speed and raced towards him. He was just waiting at the river line. Waiting for me to catch up.
When I finally did get to him, the water behind him started to rise and, somehow, a stream of water escaped the river and face planted me, actually more like body planted me. I was completely soaked. My clothes were drenched. They stuck to my skin.