
Hello guys.... My actual name is Izna Tayyab but plz call me Crystal (use this name for all purposes). Anyways, plz vote, comment and follow...... uh, pretty plz? I'm a nervous wreck when it comes to audience. I don't want to get my hopes up that this story will get even 1 like or comment but a girl can hope can't she. BTW my hopes are kinda already over the roof but um...... plz...... can I get 1 vote and comment? I'll write more often then!!!!

Crystal's pov:

My name is Crystal Arlene Chase and I live with a big happy family. I'm perfectly normal with no deficiencies. A total lie. Snap back to reality, I'm a twelve year old girl who has been diagnosed with dyslexia and ADHD. I'm also an orphan. My dad died in a car crash and my mom just left me one day. I was five at that time. A widow named Elise took me in because she thought that I reminded her of herself when she was young. Let me tell you another fact about myself, I'm a troublemaker. Elise couldn't stand me so she kicked me out with 100 dollars in cash after a month.
Now a days I live on the streets, eat whatever I can find and have a nice little tent next to the sewage pipe. It really stinks sometimes. I own five cities, ten cars, five buildings and almost all of the people living here, a rich girl would say. Whereas I own a plastic bottle that I fished out of a garbage truck (don't worry, I washed it), a faded and ripped pair of blue jeans, a tin can, a spoon that I crafted by myself using high grade materials...... guess again, I found it in an empty noodle box, twenty dollars and a sea green shirt along with my jeans jacket. In jewelry I had a necklace that my mom gave me before she walked away. I picked the pendant of my chest and looked at it. Oh no...... flashback again....
I was sitting on the ground; playing intently with a doll that mom had given to me on my fifth birthday. My mom sat on the only cushion in our little hut. She stared into space. I glanced at her and thought about bringing her back to reality but quickly shoved that idea aside. I didn't want another scolding. Suddenly, she jerked back to life and started twirling her hair in her fingers.
''sweetie, come here," my mom said in a sweet voice, rolling a neatly folded piece of paper in her free hand.
I eyed her nervously but got up and walked over to her. She extended her hands and took mine in hers. A tear rolled down her cheek but her smile stayed stapled to her face. She saw the worried look on my face and said,"nothing to worry about, come here." She patted her lap. I swayed in place and sat down.
Mom ran a hand through my hair and whispered," you know that I love you, don't you?"
I replied," of course I love you ma.... Is there something wrong?" I looked her in her eyes and a cold feeling spread through me, making my spine tingle. I knew there was something wrong, I just knew.
My mom answered with an uncertainty in her voice," no of course not." She picked up the piece of paper she was playing with a minute ago and gave it to me.
"What's this?" I asked curios. I started to unfold the paper but my mom said," wait, not now, later..... Open it later."
I started to ask why but she waved her hand dismissively and ordered, in a voice barely more than a whisper "just go to your room." Another tear trickled down her cheek and fell onto my lap.
I jumped off of her lap and jogged to my room after giving her a hug. My room wasn't much but it was homey.
A draped curtain hung over a rectangular window. There wasn't any electricity. I have got to admit, we lived cave style. A brown, over used mattress was sprawled over the floor next to a box labeled "Crystal's clothes." The box only contained two shirts; one red and the other sea green, and a pair of jeans along with a pink pajama. A tattered bag pack hung on a plastic, makeshift hook. One of the walls of my room worked as a clipboard for a few drawings of me and my mom's happy times.