
So Luna and Rosa have both turned into babies?, Malfoy thought. He was hiding behind the couch of the Gryffindor Common Room. This is my chance to get them. But I have to know when."But it's getting late. We should *yawns* get to bed." Hiro yawned. Then Rosa and Luna yawned and rubbed their sleepy eyes with their little hands.Tadashi can't help but smile. "You'll take care of your girlfriend while I stay here and sleep with Luna to watch." Tadashi said. Hiro nodded and went up to the boy's dormitories with Rosa in his arms, fastly asleep. Luna was starting to close her eyes and fell asleep. "Night." Tadashi whispered and went to sleep on the couch.
It was towards midnight and Draco Malfoy got out behind the couch. He carefully took Luna out of Tadashi's arms. Then he went up to the dorms where Hiro was sleeping with Rosa and snatched her off too. He rushed back to the Slytherin House right away with the girls in his arms.
"TADASHI!" Hiro screamed the next morning. Tadashi sprung up wide awake. Hiro ran down with a worried look. "Rosa's gone!" Hiro exclaimed. "Gone? What do you mean gone? Luna is here with-" Tadashi cut off his sentence when he looked down and Luna was missing too. "What are we gonna do?! They might be crawling around the school! I'll go get the others and we'll meet you at the Great Hall." Tadashi nodded and went down the hallways to the Great Hall for breakfast.
Draco Malfoy woke up with the little babies beside him. He chuckled silently. "Perfect. Just perfect." he whispered. He got uo and got his uniform on then grabbed the two baby girls downstairs. "Crabbe! Goyle! I need you two to watch them for me." he called out at the Slytherin Common Room. "Anything you say, Draco." Crabbe responded. "We'll keep a sharp eye." Goyle said next. Draco sighed and handed them Luna and Rosa. "I'll be back in a little bit." Draco commanded.
"How are they gone?!" Harry interrogated. "Someone must have taken them... but who?" Hermione murmured."Well certainly not Voldemort." Harry said.Everyone shuddered from that name. "I'm suspecting a Slytherin is behind it." Tadashi said. "I think it has to be Malfoy... but where can he hide them?"
Crabbe and Goyle were taking a little nap while Luna and Rosa communicated in a baby method. They babbled and babbled of how are they going to find their way out without the professors spotting them. BOY... this is gonna be one weekend.