
Draco came back later in the the morning. It was Saturday... He saw Crabbe and Goyle sleeping on the floor, but was relieved that Rosa and Luna haven't escaped. He sat on the floor with the two babies playing with his fingers. Draco chuckled quietly with a grin on his face."What am I ever going to do with you girls?" he whispered. He thought for a moment then an idea struck him. "I think I know." he murmured and carried the two girls up to his dorm to write... "The Letter of Ransom." he chuckled. (DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN! lightning strikes from nowhere)
"I'm suspecting a Slytherin might have done it." Harry said meanwhile at the Gryffindor Common Room. "I was sure that Malfoy did it. I can feel it." Hiro mumbled. "I agree with my little brother." Tadashi said."But how can we prove that Malfoy has them?" Hermione interrogated. Then footsteps came down the stairs from the dormitories. It was only Neville Longbottom. "What are you guys talking about?" he interrogated. "We're in a big situation, Neville." Ron answered. Neville looked at Ron. "Is it about that Luna and Rosa that has been missing and Draco has them?" he asked.Now everyone looked at Neville with widened eyes. "How did you know?!" Ron questioned. Neville shrugged then said,"I saw him last night carrying something that might be baby-size. I thought to myself that it must be a pile of books. But when I heard that Luna and Rosa has gone missing, I knew what it was that Malfoy was actually carrying down the hall."Tadashi got up and walked to him. "Do you know where they are?"Neville nodded. Everyone was relieved but before they headed out, an owl came in with an envelope in its beak. Everyone exchanged glances then Hermione grabbed the envelope and the owl flew away. She looked at it then she realizes what it was and opened it. She read aloud:"I have the two girls who you're looking for. But if I wish to release your beloved friends, one of you must face me to a duel at the Dark Forest at midnight tonight. If you don't then, Luna and Rosa will be killed. Give us this note to your two chosen people and deliver this to me.signed,Draco Malfoy."Tadashi and Hiro's eyes widened so much. "Kill them?!" they both said at the same. Hermione shook sadly. "I'm going to face them... no matter what!" Hiro exclaimed. "And for my heart, I won't let them get killed."They cheered. "And for Luna, I'm in." Tadashi added. "They're our friends." Hermione handed Hiro the note. "You two are chosen." Harry said. "But you better be prepared. Who knows what Malfoy might do." Hermione said next with a sigh. "Don't worry, Hermione. We'll finish what we started." Hiro said then the Hamada brothers went down the stairs for training.
It was midnight and Draco was standing in the Dark Forest with Crabbe, Goyle, and the baby girls in his arms. Tadashi and Hiro walked in the forest with a note in Tadashi's hand as the note had said.Draco did his evil grin across his face and gave the babies to Crabbe and Goyle to hold."Thought you two might be coward enough to face me." Malfoy chuckled. "Here's the note." Tadashi growled.Malfoy snatched the note and got out his wand. "I can take the both of you down. If I win, I will keep the girls forever." Malfoy laughed."But if we win, give them back to us." Hiro shot back. Malfoy nodded in agreement. The three of them got into their stances and the battle began. "Stupefy!" Draco called out and a beam of magic flew out to them. But luckily they dodged in time. "Expelliamus!" Hiro yelled and a ray of light hit him. Draco flew up in the air and landed on his behind. "Ow!" he winced. Hiro grinned but Malfoy got up to his feet, steaming mad. "Wingardi Leviosa!" Tadashi whispered and a branch from a tree floated up in the air. It flew above Malfoy's head and... PLUMP! The branch fell and hit his noggin."You... win..." Draco said while seeing stars. The brothers high-fived. Then Crabbe and Goyle gave them the two babies and then carried Malfoy back to the Slytherin Common Room.On the way back, Rosa went back to normal at her own age. Luna, however, didn't. Tadashi looked at the baby in his hands, but he could not believe his eyes. The baby was actually a fake! "Malfoy was planning on tricking you guys!" Rosa said. Hiro couldn't help but look at Rosa since she was still in those cute little baby clothes. It seems that it grew with her."Then that means..." Tadashi murmured. Then Rosa finished the sentence. "Yep."Tadashi's head went dizzy and he sat on the ground. "He might make his move, Tadashi." Hiro said. "We have to get her out of there before it's too late."