
Landon has obviously watched an older brother flirt before. He's a charmer. Have I ever seen a four year-old be so forward?
Have I ever been flirted with by a four year-old?
"It'd be my honor."
I feel an arm slip around my waist, "I'm first though, Bud."
Jason chuckles against me. He's obviously entertained by Landon. Who wouldn't be?
The lights begin to dim. An older man takes his place on stage. His clanking glass is the only sound that fills the room. The crowd simmers.
"Thank you all so much for coming tonight. We've got almost all of the company here!" He tugs at his tie, "I don't want to make an incredibly long, boring, speech, but I would like to say a couple words. I'm grateful for all the hard work our dedicated staff has put in this year. All those tears, sweat, and blood. You are being repaid back tonight! Feel free to drink, eat, and dance to your heart's content. Have a good night everyone!"
The room erupts into cheers. I clap my hands together. Should I feel bad that I have no clue what company Jason's dad works for?
Our dinner comes out not only fifteen minutes later. A large plate of fish, rice, and asparagus is placed in front of me.
We converse with the fellow family sharing the table. I had been right, Landon did have an older brother. He was fifteen and definitely gave me a charismatic look when we first spoke. Landon had elbowed him. I could only assume when Landon whispered in his brother's ear and received an incredulous look, Landon was 'claiming' me.
That was perfectly fine with me.
I'd rather be around a four year-old anyway.
"I hope Sole is okay with you. We weren't sure what to get," Jason motions to my plate.
"It's perfect, thank you Jason."
He just grins at me.
"So, Charlotte, how are your parents doing?"
I look up from my plate to Mr. Baines, "They're doing fine."
"Well, that's good. I'm very sorry to hear about your friend," Mr. Baine is solemn. Jason's hand squeezes mine.
I swallow.
Keep the tears in, Charlotte.
"It's alright. She'll always be alive in my heart. That's what matters," I give them all a soft smile.
"You're bravery is inspiring Charlotte," Mrs. Baines holds a hand to her heart.
If this bravery can last.
When everyone is done with dinner we're lead to the dance floor. Jason places one hand on my hip. The other is latched with my own. The DJ only seems to be playing slower songs.
"Lots of Ranchwood's students are here," Jason leans down to tell me this.
"All these people work for the same corporation?"
"I guess so," He shrugs, "If you see someone you think you know, they're probably from school."
"Okay. Are any of your friends here?"
Jason steps on my toe.
"Shit, sorry, Charlotte! And Tommy, I think that is about it though."
We dance for two more songs before Jason wanders off for water. I begin to head back to the table.
A tug at my dress stops me.