
Hiro woke up on his favorite day. Halloween. He got his uniform on and dashed down the dorms and the common room. "Morning Hiro." Luna greeted him. "Morning Luna." Hiro said.Once He got to the Great Hall for breakfast, Tadashi, Luna, and Rosa sat down with him. Rosa was staring at Hiro the whole breakfast and she never looked away. Luna looked at her best friend (which is Rosa) and she noticed that her own friend has a crush on Hiro. Hiro didn't seem to mind that Rosa was staring at him while Tadashi and Luna smiled at each other.The morning classes came and went and not much homework to do. When lunch started, Hiro, Harry, Hermione, Ron, Luna, Rosa, and Tadashi all talked about what costumes they're wearing tonight for the Halloween Dance."I am going to be a strawberry and Albert E. will be the pig business man." Rosa said excitedly. "Cool! Well.. I'm gonna be Ash Ketchum from Pokemon." Hiro said coolly.Rosa blushed a little from his cool self. When afternoon classes were about to start, Luna talked to Rosa during Herbology. "So do you have a crush on Hiro, Rosa?" she asked. At that moment, she was going to react dramatically but she doesn't know what to do. So Rosa nodded.Luna smiled. "I knew it." "You knew what, Luna?" said a voice behind them. It was Draco Malfoy again. "Its none of your business, Malfoy." Rosa shot back. Malfoy smirked and went back to his friends, Crabbe and Goyle. Luna gave Rosa some advice like: Be kind, Don't push him hard... and stuff like that.Halloween night came and Rosa got into her strawberry costume and Albert E. got to his businessman suit. Rosa was starting to get nervous but she headed down the stairs to the Dance.Hiro was waiting outside of the Great Hall with no one. Until he saw Rosa. "Hey Rosa. Man! You look sick in that costume!" Hiro said.Rosa blushed and said,"Thanks! And cool costume." Hiro smirked and nodded for the approval. And they danced all night long until the first slow dance came. Hiro asked her to dance...And did she? Yes! She did dance with him.They were surprised of what Tadashi and Luna was wearing. Tadashi was the mad scientist with fake glasses and Luna was the beautiful Rowena Ravenclaw.Luna winked at Rosa meaning that she's doing well on her advices. Then when the song finished, they pulled away with a light shade of pink on their faces.Hiro grabbed Rosa's hand and took her out the courtyard. Why... What in the world?! Rosa thought. Then he was standing face-to-face with her. "R-Rosa. I know that we had been friends and..." Hiro spoke shyly. "Yes?" Rosa said with a kind look in her eyes. Hiro's brown eyes looked at her own almond brown eyes."I like you more than a friend. But I noticed you staring at me every day."Rosa looked surprised but she smiled. "You like me?" she asked. Hiro nodded. "Well I like you too." she said and kissed his cheek. They both blushed at the same time. Then they looked at the bright full moon. It was close to midnight. Then they had their first kiss.it was the best Halloween for Rosa and Hiro together.