
Tadashi gathered up his books and puts it inside his satchel then got out of the Ravenclaw Common Room to head down to The library to study with Luna.He walked down the stairs and he almost fell every time it changes. He walked past the Slytherin boys but Draco Malfoy gave him a dirty look. "You better stay away from Luna, Hamada." he called out. Unbelievable. Tadashi thought. After he made it to the entrance, he bumped in to Harry. "Oops. Sorry there, Tadashi." Harry apologized. "Nah its not your fault, Harry. I should've looked where I was going because I was distracted by Draco Malfoy." Tadashi said.Harry laughed a little and Tadashi gave him a 'what's so funny?' look. "Malfoy is not used to me because I'm the celebrity in this school. But it's alright." Harry said then he left to go to the Gryffindor Common Room.Luna was waiting outside the library with Rosa and Hiro. "Well we better make it back so I can have time to spend with my pig." Rosa said. Hiro rolled his eyes. "Hi Tadashi." Luna greeted shyly. Hiro waved and so did Rosa."Ready for the study party?" Hiro asked. Luna nodded while Rosa and Tadashi said "Yes." Then they sat down on a table. Hiro and Rosa pretended that they're going to find a book for one class but they were actually spying behind one shelf behind Luna and Tadashi. Luna felt a little awkward of being alone with him and without Rosa as her best friend.Tadashi asked some questions about the lesson in Potions class. She answered them correctly and she helped quiz him on his Herbology class. He had some answers correct but only a couple he got wrong. "Good try. You only had 8 out of 10 correct." Luna said gently. "But you did well for Potions. 10 out of 10! If I were the professor, I would've gotten you an A+." Tadashi cheerfully said. Luna blushed at his statement. Tadashi can see her face cherry red. Rosa secretly laughed a little from Luna's blushing. "Are you ok?" Tadashi asked her. "Your face seem a little red."Luna looked up then back down. "I'm fine. Really." Tadashi seemed to worry but he didn't want to bother her more. Hours later of studying... Luna accidently fell asleep on top of her books while Tadashi was reading the chapter. When he noticed her sleeping, he looked at her and smiled. Rosa almost squealed loud for everyone to hear and Hiro was quietly chanting,"Do it. Do it. Do it." Tadashi was about to touch her but Luna sprung up awake.  "Oops! I'm sorry! I accidently fell asleep!" she exclaimed. Tadashi put his hand back on the table after she woke up. He blushed of what he was thinking. Well... I'm glad no one saw this. If Hiro did, I would've beat that knucklehead. Tadashi thought.Then Rosa came over while she smiled at Luna. "Sorry to disturb you two, but it's time to head back to our dormitories for bed. We don't want our House Points taken away and earn detention." she said.They both nodded and gathered up their books. When they walked up the stairs, they said goodnight to each other. "Goodnight Tadashi. Night Luna." Hiro and Rosa said."G'night Luna. Sleep well." Tadashi said quietly. "Good night Tadashi. You too." Luna shyly said. Then she kissed his cheek and ran off while blushing.Tadashi placed his hand over where she kissed it and he was blushing madly. She... she likes me? He thought. Well I gotta ask her tomorrow. I gotta get some sleep. And up he climbed the stairs and landed on his bed. Goodnight Hogwarts.