
Charlotte CaseyMonday, March 9
I don't realize someone is calling my name until they're right behind me.
"Charlotte!"
The voice is feminine. A young brunette stands behind me. Hair braided to the side.
Just like Emily.
"Hello?"
'Brown Eyes' jumps forward. My intestines are squeezed tight by her surprisingly muscular arms.
"I'm sorry to be so forward. I just had a feeling you needed a hug," Her face takes on a sympathetic form.
"I guess so," My throat is dry. I sound like a seventy year-old cancer patient.
"I'm sorry to bother you. I'm sure you have class!" She let's out a nervous giggle, "I wanted to invite you to sit with me at lunch. I don't really sit with anyone."
"Thank you for the offer."
"No problem!"
I feel a tug at my wrist after I've turned to walk away. 'Brown Eyes' has caught my attention again. Her lips form a straight line.
"No person is ever truly alone, Charlotte."
Before I can respond, 'Brown Eyes' is gone.
What was her name anyway?
~*~
I don't talk to anyone again until lunch.
"What's your name?" I don't sit with 'Brown Eyes'. I only stand at the opposite side of the table.
I finger my brown lunch sack.
She gives me a knowing grin, "Kimberly," Her eyes wander to my standing form, "I don't bite. Well, only if you want me to."
I can't help but smile, "That wasn't my first intention."
"I didn't think so. You can never be too sure these days, though."
I find myself lowering to the bench.
"How come I've never seen you before?"
Kimberly snorts, "That's pretty funny. Considering, I've heard things about you since Middle School."
I blush.
"Anyways, I'm kind of...anonymous," She goes on.
"Anonymous?"
"Yeah. I'd like to think I'm kind of like a spy of sorts, or a ninja. Unknown and unforgettable at the same time," She leans across the table as she tells me this.
"I think that's working great for you. You're certainly turning out to be unforgettable."
She pumps her fist in the air.
"Do you know Owen Ritch?"
"Um, yeah, I think so," My face scrunches up as I try to think of him.
"Well, he's my twin brother."
It's then that I see the resemblance. If Owen is the one I'm thinking of, they share similar attributes. Brown hair, lightly tan skin, and an unique personality.
"I'm sure your household is interesting."
"It sure is. Owen's two best friends are always there too," Kimberly shakes her head, "They can be pretty aggravating together."
"I think everyone can be aggravating at times. I bet God can be pretty aggravating too."