
Luna and Tadashi ran down the hallway to find Hiro. "Hiro! Hiro!" they called. Then Tadashi spotted him. Hiro was walking slowly and sad. Something is bothering him. "I found him!" Tadashi said. Luna and Tadashi ran up to him. "Hiro... we have something to tell you..." Luna breathlessly said. Hiro looked up with a sad face. "What do you want now? Can't you see I'm sulking?" Hiro said. Luna and Tadashi looked at him. "What's wrong, bud?" Tadashi interrogated. Hiro mumbled. "Here... let me hug you. It'll make it all better." Luna replied softly. Then Hiro grabbed Luna and hugged her tight. "I saw Rosa and Albert E. I said hi and she said that she's looking for Malfoy. I became confused and I asked her why. Then she looked at me then said 'I need to tell him that I like him'. And I knew exactly what she meant." Then Hiro cried softly on Luna's shoulder. Luna looked up at Tadashi and he gave a hug to him too. "And that's what we need to talk to you about, Hiro." Luna said. Hiro sniffled and wiped away his tears. "What is it?" he asked."Well... about Rosa. She drank a Love Potion and she fell in love with Malfoy. We need to head to the library and I think we might need Harry, Ron, and Hermione's help too." Then Luna turned to Tadashi. "Can you and Hiro find them and meet me at the library?" Tadashi nodded and said,"Hiro. Lets go." Then Tadashi and Hiro went down to find them. Luna got up and fixed her skirt a little and went down to the library to find the book about different types of potions. She went to the section that says "Potion History" and looked at every shelf until she spotted "Types of Potions" book. She grabbed it and opened the page. "It has to be here somewhere about it." she mumbled.Then Hermione, Harry, Ron, Hiro and Tadashi arrived and went behind Luna. "We heard about the potion situation." Harry whispered. She almost squeaked and jumped, but they nearly gave her a heart attack."What do you need?" Ron asked. "Well... I might need you and Harry to hold Rosa while Hermione and I find the cure to the problem. Hiro and Tadashi might stay with us to keep watch." Luna planned.Everyone nodded. "Now go!" Then Harry and Ron ran to find Rosa.
Rosa was walking down the hallway with Albert E. still trying to find Malfoy. "Do you think Malfoy will like me back?" she asked the pig. Albert E. oinked, meaning,"No. Malfoy will like me more than you!". Rosa nodded and laughed. "I think he will like me for sure." she said.The pig nodded in disagreement. Then, for some reason, she felt that she was being followed but she didn't care. "There she is!" Ron whispered to Harry. "Maybe if we're quiet enough, we'll get her to sleep." Harry whispered back. Then they tiptoed behind her with their wands ready. When they got close enough, Harry cast a spell and Rosa fell unconscious. Ron caught her in his arms.When they turned around to head to the library, Albert E. oinked, meaning, "Let go of Rosa or taste my fury!" But they never understood the pig language. Then Albert E. jumped behind Ron and he was screaming,"Harry! Harry! Get it off! Come and help me! Harry!" Harry spun around to get Albert E. off of him but the pig started to do his piggy karate moves and Harry kept dodging until Ron got his wand and cast the knock out spell.Albert E. fell asleep and Harry had to carry him while Ron drags Rosa to the library. "Lets not explain that fiasco." Ron suggested. Harry nodded and they carried them back.
Meanwhile at the abandoned girls bathroom where Moaning Mrytle is..."Here it is! The Love Potion..." Hermione said. Luna looked at the pages while Hermione read aloud. "Its is also called Love Poison which can affect the drinker to fall in love with the person who did the potion. But by midnight on the same day, the affect will become permanent. However there is a cure for this poison..."Luna stared at the last three words. "True love's kiss..." she murmured. They both turned around to see Hiro. "Hiro?" they called out. He turned around and smiled. "Yes?" Hiro asked. "You're the cure...." Luna said.Hiro stared at them confusingly. "What?" "You're the cure to the curse. It says only true love's kiss can break it." Hermione explained. Hiro looked to the ground and bit his bottom lip. "Are you sure this will work?" he asked. They nodded."They're here." Tadashi called out. Harry and Ron carried Albert E. and Rosa in. "We got them sleeping." Harry said. "Now for the cure..." Ron said next.Hiro walked up to the unconscious Rosa and got close to her face. "This better work." Hiro mumbled then connected hos lips to Rosa's. After he pulled away, Rosa's eyes snapped open and she got up slowly while rubbing her head. "What happened?" she mumbled.Luna sat next to her. "Who are you in love with?" Luna questioned her. Rosa stared at her thinking that Luna has short term memory or something. "Don't you remember? I still love Hiro." Rosa replied. Then everyone sighed in relief and they explained everything after she drank the potion that Malfoy put. Rosa stood silent.Then she got up and ran. "MALFOY!" she yelled. She was going to give him a lesson of not to put potions inside the drink.