
Carter KnightFriday, March 13
My breath catches in my throat when I see her.
Charlotte Casey leans against her locker. I can't help but notice her short skirt, and the long, toned legs that lie underneath. Kimberly stands across from her.
I haven't been able to talk to Charlotte since Monday night. I'd like to think it's because the opportunity never came up.
I know that's not true.
Kimberly has been begging me to ask Charlotte to go to the football game this Friday. I just can't do it.
What happened to that confident guy who danced with Charlotte on Monday, huh, Carter?
In the end, I had to pay Kimberly twenty bucks to ask Charlotte for me.
Her and her conniving black mail.
Kimberly saunters over to me. Charlotte has turned the other way.
"Would you quit always staring at her?" Kimberly crosses her arms.
My eyes open wide, "Did Charlotte say something?"
"No, she's oblivious to it. I actually feel uncomfortable for her though."
"Thank you for asking her," I change the subject, "What did she say?"
"She would love to come," Kimberly begins walking. I run to catch up, "And I told her about the cheerleading. She wasn't so sure at first, I managed to convince her. We're going to talk to the coach this afternoon, too."
I breathe out a sigh of relief, "Awesome! Thanks, Kim!"
She rolls her eyes, "You're such an idiot!"
She laughs, flips her hair over her shoulder, and heads to class.
I rush off to first period.
~*~
Kimberly snarls. Her strong gymnast's arms grip my bicep. It hurts.
"What have I told you? You cannot keep starting at her! What if she notices and stays as far away as possible?"
"I-its not like I purposely do it! She's just-just...stare-able!"
Kimberly rolls her eyes, "Well us girls are going to get ready. You too? Stay in Owen's room," She begins to walk out, but turns around at the door, "And keep your eyes shut!"
"Am I really that revolting?"
Owen doesn't answer.
~*~
We do as we're told.
Owen and I don't leave the room until dinner. When we do, I try my best not to stare at Charlotte, but even Owen can't help it. She wears short jean shorts and a Ranchwood's jersey. If it were my jersey, she'd be the epitome of perfection. Her hair is curly and pulled into a pony tail.
She is anything but revolting.
"I'm so glad you all could join us tonight!" Mrs Ritch clasps her hands together, "It's very nice to meet you Charlotte."
Charlotte smiles gracefully, "Pleasure to meet you as well."
"I know you girls will make the most gorgeous, talented cheerleaders! It's always been Kimberley's dream."
She pinches her daughter's cheeks.
"That's enough," Kimberly swipes her hands away.