
Landon stands, winsome as ever, holding a hand out to me.
"You owe me a dance, Carlotte."
My smile only widens with his pronunciation of my name.
"I could never forget."
I'm whisked away by my handsome prince. Even if he's only 3.5'. We stand in the middle of the dance floor. I twirl us around while Landon balances on my feet. It hurts my open toed feet.
But it's totally worth it.
We've gone through two songs when Landon jumps off my feet.
"Carter!" He yells. Landon jumps to a young man. He stands a few feet away.
"You've got yourself quite the date there, Landon," The mysterious boy winks. His ocean blue eyes glint with amusement.
Landon sends me a toothy grin, "Yes. This is Carlotte, Carlotte, this is Carter."
"It's nice to meet you, Carter," I send him a sweet smile, "My date is equally pleasurable."
I wink at Landon.
"Landon, I hope you don't mind. May I steal your Charlotte for a dance?"
"Okay! I need an ice cweam break anyway," Landon struts off.
Carter leans over, hand rolling forward, "May I?"
I curtsey.
My hand finds it's way into his.
Carter rests his hands on my waist. I balance mine on his muscular shoulders. His eyes look all too familiar.
Those crystal blue orbs.
"Do I know you?" My voice is soft.
"I know you."
I raise a brow, "I can almost place where I've seen your eyes."
"I believe we go to the same school," He shrugs, "Most of the teens here do."
"Right."
I know I've seen them before. Up close.
Carter and I continue to dance for multiple songs. Our feet seem to move in sync, bodies molded perfectly. He twirls me around. The bottom of my dress slices through the air like the wind in a perfect storm.
"Looks like I should leave you," Carter's warm breath fans my ear. He nods his head toward the other side of the room. Jason stands, arm crossed, glaring lasers at Carter.
"If looks could kill..."
"I'd be pushing daisies," Carter finishes for me. He gives me a breathtaking smile before sauntering off. No one could miss the wink he sends Jason on his way.
When I meet the eyes of Jason he diminishes his glare. I take my time walking over.
"Do you know him?" I keep my voice steady. Hopefully concealing my flustered sate.
"Carter Knight," Jason growls out lowly.
Carter Knight.