
Hiro and Tadashi had their supplies checked off their lists, packed their luggages, and bought one messenger owl (they named it Microbot). When they arrived the San Franskoyo Train Station, they looked at their tickets to find Platform 9 3/4.Tadashi and Aunt Cass pushed the train carts until the three of them stopped at Platform 9 and 10. No sign of Platform 9 3/4 in sight.Tadashi looked for the conductor for directions while Hiro and Aunt Cass looked at his ticket and then looked for the sign that says it.Tadashi spotted one who was helping a businessman. He went over to him once the conductor finished. "Excuse me. Do you know where Platform 9 3/4 is located?" Tadashi asked him. The conductor looked at Tadashi like he was crazy. "Platform 9 3/4? I never heard such a platform number like that. We only have Platform 9 and 10 if that's what you're looking for." the conductor replied then went off to the train on Platform 8.Tadashi sighed then returned to Hiro and Aunt Cass. Aunt Cass looked at Hiro's ticket again. "Maybe it's a mistake. I guess there is no Platform 9 3/4. Might as well head back home." Aunt Cass sighed. But before they turned around, they heard a girl's voice saying, "C'mon Rosa! We're going to be late if we don't hurry and won't make it to Hogwarts in time."They turned around to the direction where the voice came from. They saw one woman holding an 8 year old girl, two twin boys who looked 15 years old, and two girls that seems to be around Hiro's age."C'mon. We're here and we only have five minutes until the train leaves." the woman said. Then she turned to the twin boys. "Daniel. Go and run through first." she said to the boy who is tall, has black hair, and blue eyesDaniel stepped up and pushed his train cart until he made it through the wall while his twin brother, Mikey, followed behind him. "Alright Rosa. You next." the woman said to the girl with dark hair and brown eyes. Rosa and her pig, Albert E., stepped to the same position and ran through the wall while pushing her train cart.Aunt Cass, Hiro, and Tadashi stared with eyes wide  of amazement."Excuse me miss. How did you get through there?" Hiro asked the woman.Then the lady looked at Hiro then Aunt Cass and Tadashi. The girl with medium length black hair and blue eyes stared at Tadashi. "First years, I see. Well... First, step here with your cart then look straight at the wall and, if you are fast enough, run fast towards it until you get through." the woman explained. Tadashi then looked at the girl, who was staring at him, and she looked away while blushing."Thank you miss..." Aunt Cass said. "Please. Call me Blossom." she said to Aunt Cass."Thank you Blossom for your help." Hiro said with a smile. Then Blossom turned to the black-haired girl. "Alright Luna. Up you go." she instructed Luna.She stepped up and ran until she disappeared. Blossom let Hiro and Tadashi to go first. Hiro went in front of Tadashi then ran while Tadashi and Aunt Cass followed behind him. When they got through, they were exactly in the station they need to be. Platform 9 3/4. And there they see the Hogwarts Express and only three minutes to spare. Aunt Cass helped Hiro to put his luggage in the train and Tadashi spotted Luna again. Luna seemed that she was having trouble and he went to help her when he got his luggages in the train."Do you need some help?" he asked her gently. Luna and Rosa looked at him then exchanged glances at each other. "I'm fine but I guess my friend, Luna does." Rosa said to him with a smirk.Luna looked at her then blushed harder than before. "Yes... I d-do need help with the luggage." she said shyly to him.Tadashi smiled and helped her. After he was finished, the giant called out, "All aboard to the Hogwarts Express!"Aunt Cass gave Hiro and Tadashi one last hug then the boys got in the train. When the train started to move, Hiro and Tadashi went to look for an empty cart. All of them were full as they passed by two boys, one with jet black hair, glasses and a lightning scar and the other with red hair, and a curly, Brown haired girl in one cart but the Hamada brothers didn't want to disturb them. Hiro and Tadashi found one with two empty seats. When they sat down, they were in the same car as Rosa, Albert E. the pig and Luna.Luna seemed surprised to see them while Rosa eyebrowed at Luna when Luna was staring at Tadashi the whole time."Hello. I'm Hiro and this is my nerd brother, Tadashi." Hiro introduced."I am Rosa and this is my pig Albert E." Rosa said next, showing them her pig.Luna was shy to introduce herself until she finally spoke out. "I'm Luna... you helped me earlier." she said to Tadashi. He nodded and then replied,"Yes I remember helping you. Bit it's fine if you're shy. I'm a good friend to know."And they talked and ate snacks along the way to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.