
After a long day of school and Quidditch practice for Luna and Rosa, tgey headed back to the Gryffindor Common Room. Then they spotted Draco Malfoy leaning against the wallin the hallways waiting. "Luna. Ramos." he greeted. Rosa growled quietly and Luna looked away from him. "I have another round for you to be beaten down if you'd like some." Rosa growled. Malfoy chuckled quietly. "If it would be that necessary. And I need to have a word with your friend." Rosa looked over to Luna to she if she'll be okay with Draco. "Just a quick second or two." Luna said. Rosa had a little straight face and went back to the Gryffindor House to wait for her. Luna felt a little awkward being alone with Draco. "Where should I start...?" Draco mumbled. Luna giggled quietly. "I heard rumors that... Everdeena is going to the dance with Tadashi." Luna checked her ears of she was hearing right. "Wait. Everdeena is going with... who?" Luna asked. Draco tried hard not to reveal his smile. "She's going with Tadashi..." Luna couldn't believe it. Tadashi. Going with Everdeena who used to be a friend of Luna and Rosa. She felt something in the inside. Like Her heart is starting to tear apart. "..." silence. Then she felt something that she had been hugged. "I'm sorry Luna.' Draco said. Then he grabbed her hand and said,"Can you come to the dance with me?"Luna was shocked. She didn't know what to say but "no". She rejected him so many times but this is the time to accept it. She nodded and he smiled. Rosa waited back at the Gryffindor Common Room while Harry, Hermione, and Ron sitting on the armchaies, doing their homework. Then she heard a creak from the portrait entrance and she found Luna with a pale face. "Did Malfoy did anything bad to you?" she asked. Luna shook her head and stood silent. Rosa thought she might be alright but on the other side, she felt something wrong is going on in her best friend.Luna stood next to Rosa and whispered in her ear. She gasped with shock so loud that they caught Harry's attention. "What's wrong?" he asked. Luna still stood silent. "Nothing's wrong, Harry." Rosa replied. Harry's eyebrow rose. "Are you sure? You can just tell me." Hiro came down from the boys dormitories. "What's wrong? I heard a gasp from Rosa and I don't think that sounds like good news." Hiro said."How about you should ask your brother and see what he did earlier?" Luna asked rudely and went up to the girls dormitories. Hiro looked up at Luna. "What was that about?" he asked. "I think we should leave her alone. You know... to give her some space." Rosa said. Hermione and Ron looked up. "I heard rumors that Tadashi is going with Everdeena, Hiro." Ron said. Hiro checked his ears to see if he's hearing right. "He's going with who?" So that's why she wants us to meet her at the hallways... Hiro thought. "Tadashi. She's going with Tadashi to the dance." Hermione responded. Rosa's expression wasn't happy. "I'm going back to my bed." she said while coming out of Gryffindor. "Night." she said."Oh boy... What is he gonna do?" Hiro muttered to himself. "I'm going to bed." Ron yawned. "Me too." Hermione said next. "Me three." Hiro said with a stern look and went up the stairs back to his dorm. "Night." said Harry."Night, Harry." Hiro said.