
All Rights Reserved
Copyright: 'The Girl She Couldn't Forget.' including all chapter, prologues, epilogues, and associated content is COPYRIGHTED. All rights reserved by the owner and creator of this work, Tahlie Purvis and any unauthorized copying, broadcasting, manipulation, distribution, or selling of this work constitutes as an infringement of copyright. Any infringement of copyright is punishable by law.

IF YOU HAVEN'T READ THE FIRST BOOK THEN BUGGER OFF.

Books in this series:
#1 - The Girl He Left Behind (completed)
#2 - The Girl She Couldn't Forget (ongoing)


Long time no see!
So this is a surprise sequel! What happened was that I read a comment on The Girl He Left Behind and immediately thought of an opening scene for a sequel. After a bit of thinking and plotting out an idea, I decided that I actually WOULD make a sequel for you guys!
So this is optional, if you want to leave it at just the first book then please do and continue on with your reading. But if you ever wanted more or wanted to see what happens to them all after the events in the first book then please do stay here and add this to your library!
This story continues on after TGHLB and is six months after Kim's suicide. Stacey and Scottie and all the others have graduated from High School and it is now the summer.
The first book had many themes of suicide, teenage problems and slut-shaming. This one is going to be more of how people cope with suicide, their family falling apart and the prospect of the future. I have so many ideas and shockers that hopefully will keep you guys interested.
It will be written the same way TGHLB was written so with short chapters.
If you haven't read The Girl He Left Behind then DON'T read this book. It won't make any sense and the major shockers in the first book will be revealed on like the first page...
I should have the prologue out tonight for you guys to have a little snippet of what it will be like. Keep in mind that this story will probably be very dark, maybe more than the first one and I'm not sure yet but there could be triggers so please do read with caution.
Thank you and enjoy!
- Tahlie x