
Thursday morning rose for Hogwarts. The gang got up to get ready for the day after they got dressed in their uniforms. They still don't want to mention the whole baby catastrophe back on Saturday. But soon, the school will have their Valentine's Day Dance which is on the 14th. The girls are excited, but the boys... nope."Morning!" Headless Nick greeted to Rosa and Luna. "Good morning, Nick!" they greeted back. He pulled his ghostly head and put it back on his body. "Excited about the dance?" he questioned. The girls nodded. "Well, I heard it's going to be the boys asking the girls. Hope you have your dates already."Rosa shook her head and Luna smiled. "That's what we're waiting for. The dates." Luna said."And one of us is dating already." Rosa cooed. Headless Nick smiled and flew off through the halls. Then something got into Rosa's mind. She tapped Luna's shoulder and she turned around. "Can you give me some high heels lessons for the dance, tonight?" Luna stood quiet and thought for a while but she gave a smile. "Of course. How about tonight after dinner?" Luna replied. Rosa nodded. Then she hugged Luna tight and squealed,"Thank you! You're the best friend ever!"Luna giggled but she could hardly breathe from her lungs. Rosa let Luna go. "Anything for my best friend."
"Are you going to ask Luna to the dance soon? You've been going crazy around her lately since Christmas." Hiro said. Tadashi was eating his breakfast and worried about the dance. What will she say? What if she is asked out by Malfoy? Tadashi questioned in his head."Hello? Earth to brother. Are you going to ask her or not?" Hiro asked again.  Tadashi looked at his brother. "What was that?" he asked. Hiro sighed and was about to shake his brother. "Are you asking Luna to the dance?" Hiro asked but this time more frustrated. "If I had the guts to do it..." Tadashi mumbled. "Or it will be too late if Malfoy asked her already." Hiro taunted. Tadashi's eyes widened and sat straight up. "What will she say?" Tadashi asked. Hiro smirked and nudged. "She will always say yes to you. You know her." Tadashi sighed then nodded as an agreement. "And I already asked Rosa to the dance. And she's gonna bring Albert as her escort and I'm her *ahem* 'right-hand escort'."Tadashi held his laughter. Hiro punched his brother on his arm but Tadashi still giggled. Then a girl approached the boys. The brothers looked at the girl's direction with wonder. Then the girl spoke up. "Are you Hiro and Tadashi Hamada?" the girl asked.Both nodded. Then the girl smiled. "I'm Everdeena Green from the Slytherin House. Pleased to meet you." Everdeena gushed. The boys were confused. "And I have one favor on one of you." The boys exchanged glances with each other then back to Everdeena. "What are you asking for?" Hiro asked her curiously. Everdeena spotted Luna and Rosa coming in getting closer to the table. "Maybe later. Meet me at the Quidditch pit during lunch." Then she went to the Slytherin table. She gave Rosa and Luna both dirty looks and huffed. The girls just rolled their eyes and sat to the table with the rest of the gang. "Morning guys!~" Rosa chirped. Hiro scooted over to her and put his arm around Rosa's shoulders. Then Albert E. popped up between them making them laugh. Luna was holding a book while Tadashi ate his breakfast. Then Ron, Hermione, Harry, and Neville came to the table. "Good morning." they greeted. They talked and ate breakfast together. Microbot, the Hamada brothers' owl, and Luna's owl flew in with letters attached to their feet. They both landed on the table. Luna's owl went closer to Luna so she can pet him. "Luna. I didn't know you had an owl." Tadashi said. The owl cooed. "This is my owl. He can be pretty sensitive to other people except for Harry, Rosa, Ron, and Hermione. His name is Galaxy." Luna introduced.Galaxy went over to Albert E. and they pretty much argued a little. "But he never get used to Albert E." Rosa added. "He seems pretty cute." Tadashi said. Hiro punched his brother's arm. "We have Microbot you know." Tadashi nodded. The bell rang meaning it's time to head to class. Everyone gathered their things and headed off to class.
Later that day after lunch, the Hamada brothers went down to the hall where they can meet Everdeena so they can see what she wants from them. As Luna and Rosa became suspicious, they decided to follow them to see what's really going on. They borrowed Harry's invisibility cloak so they can spy on them. When Hiro and Tadashi met up with Everdeena in the hall, the girls knew what Everdeena might do. But Everdeena knew that Rosa and Luna are there sneaking around. "Alright... I have a deal." she said. "Is it about the dance?" Hiro asked. Everdeena put a fake smile then said,"Yes. It is about the dance, Hamada." Hiro sighed in disbelief. "If you're gonna say it then don't ask me." Hiro said coolly then walked away from Everdeena, Tadashi, Luna, and Rosa. "What is this about?" Rosa whispered to Luna. She shrugged. Everdeena then whispered over to Tadashi's right ear which made him flustered. He nodded and Everdeena smiled with glee. "See you later, Hamada." Everdeena toodled. Just when she turned to the corner of the hallway, Tadashi put his hand on his forehead thinking of what he had just done. "What did Everdeena say to you?" Luna asked with Tadashi being shocked. (They were still under the invisibility cloak) The girls took off the cloak and Tadashi stood there in silence. "Well?" Rosa asked impatiently. "N-nothing..." Tadashi stammered. Then he walked out of the hallway, making his way down to his Charms class leaving Rosa and Luna alone. "Do you think that she...?" Luna muttered. Rosa put her hand on Luna's shoulder. "Maybe... maybe not." Rosa replied. "But whatever it is... Tadashi will ask you to the dance soon." Rosa added.