
The team is perfect, with the exception of one player.
~*~
Jason's glare burns my back.
The bleachers are full of family and friends. Dad sits with Sydney who gives me a thumbs up. I send her my best grin.
We pass the cheerleaders. They clap and cartwheel. The girls capture the attention of not only the whole crowd, but the football players.
Yet, I can't keep my eyes off of Charlotte. She stands besides Kimberly. Her leg flies up in the air.
Her legs are all on display. The short skirt covers nothing.
I just wish I was the only one to see her in it.
Jason doesn't seem too fond of the lingering gazes either. He picks her up and spins her around. He pulls in for a long, dramatic kiss.
The crowd cheers. I only roll my eyes behind my helmet.
Owen apprehends.
He runs up to Kimberly, laughing. They steal the spotlight. He spins her around, just like Jason had done to Charlotte. Only, Owen doesn't kiss her. He pulls Kimberly in for a noogie.
She thrusts him away with a swift punch to the stomach.
Now everyone is laughing.
I can only focus on Charlotte pushing Jason away.
~*~
Woodranch is up 17-5.
Jason is playing poorly. Somehow I don't feel bad for smiling.
At halftime, Owen decides to see Kimberly.
"I can't believe you did that!" Kimberly swats Owen's head, "I'm supposed to remain incognito!"
"Too late!" Owen laughs, "You asked for it! Being a cheerleader and all."
She huffs.
"So, Carter!" Kimberly winks, "How do you like the work I've done?"
She nudges her head at Charlotte.
The blush on my cheeks answers the questions. I duck my head and jog to the water coolers.
Jason is back over to Charlotte. I pull on my helmet to hide my stare.
Her arms are crossed and they're deep in conversation. Whenever someone passes, Charlotte smiles.
Like nothing's wrong.
I sigh. Everything feels wrong right about now. We're winning the game, but I'm losing hope.
You'll never have her, Knight.
The fence beside me shakes at the strength of my fist.
That's not an option.
I get back into the game more audacious then ever.