
(The next morning)Tadashi waited at the Great Hall for his knuckleheaded brother. Hiro came down the hallways with almost an unokay look. "Morning Hiro." Tadashi greeted. Hiro punched him in the arm. Tadashi winced. "What was that for?!" Tadashi shouted. "I was going to ask you the same thing." Hiro said."What?" Tadashi said. "You're going with Everdeena. And Luna became upset. Why?" Hiro asked furiously. Before Tadashi could answer, Rosa came down to the Great Hall. Luna went straight to the table without saying good morning. Rosa stopped in front of Tadashi and slapped him across the face. "That's for breaking her heart. And sorry." Rosa said. "None taken." Tadashi responded with a tedious smile. "Now Malfoy had asked her to the dance. And guess what she said?" Rosa asked. "Oh no... She-" Tadashi murmured. Rosa shook her head sadly. "She did." What have I done?, Tadashi thought. (flashback of yesterday)Everdeena whispered into Tadashi's ear then said,"Come to the dance and I won't bring any harm to everyone who you loved." (present)Tadashi would've said no but he had no other choice. He was afraid to tell them orbhirt anyone. "Let me explain the whole thing later." Everyone nodded and headed to breakfast. Later during the day, Tadashi explained the whole story after lunch but Luna wasn't there because she never wanted to hang out with him again. After Tadashi explained the whole story to Rosa and Hiro at the courtyard. They stood there with shock and disbelief. "Why would she do such a thing?!" Rosa said furiously.He shrugged and places his fingers on his head trying to figure out the solution for this whole fiasco. "Rosa... I need to ask you a favor." Tadashi said. "About me talking to Luna about the whole story?" Rosa asked. "How did you know that?" The Hamada brothers asked at the same time. "I read your mind." Rosa replied. "And don't worry. We're gonna meet tonight for some of high heels lessons since Lun Lun forgot yesterday from everything."Hiro and Tadashi snickered. "Lun Lun?" Hiro snorted. "That's what I call her but don't tell her okay?" The boys nodded and Rosa took off to the Gryffindor Common Room to meet with Luna.