
Everyone was buzzing about the Hogwarts Talent Show that is in two weeks. Almost everyone signed up to do it... including Hiro, Rosa, Luna, and Tadashi. They want to make it a surprise to each other in the show. They want to keep their talents as a secret. "But I know what Luna's true talent. She has the same talent that I'll be performing." Rosa said. Luna blushed and looked down.They only have two weeks of rehearsals and they want it to be fantastic.
Almost one week went through of practicing, but they have to keep studying and homework finished. Harry, Hermione, and Ron went to see how their performances are going. Tadashi did his robotic presentation of his healthcare robot (BAYMAX!) and Ron was amazed by the future robot in health. Hermione and Harry were quite impressed. They next heard Hiro's soothing poetry and they felt calm and relaxed from the dangers... like the Dementors that attacked them and Hogwarts one night. Rosa became ecstatic on her performance. She sang This Girl Is On Fire by Alicia Keys. She almost sound like her!Lastly, Luna was shy to let the three of them hear her song, I Love You Too Much, (From The Book of Life) while playing the piano. She decided that she can do it one person at a time. Luna let Hermione to listen first. When she was finished, Hermione squealed. "He's going to love it!" "He" actually meant Tadashi. Luna blushed and let Harry go next, then Ron.
"They all did pretty well." Hermione said. Harry and Ron nodded. "I really am impressed with Tadashi's robotic presentation. It's so fantastic'" Ron said next. "But we can't tell who did better. Lets call it a draw." Harry said. Hermione and Ron agreed.
The night of the Talent Show came and the theatre was packed full of students. Professor McGonagall, Lupin, Snape, Hagrid, Mr. Filch, Mrs. Norris, Professor Sprout, and all the other teachers were excited and so were the students. Professor Dumbledore went up to the stage and quieted the audience. "Good evening students and staff. The professors and I are very surprised of how many students, or should I say performers, signed up for our 65th annual talent show. We all wish you luck and be more of a thoughtful person after the performance. Now let's start the show!" The audience clapped and then hushed down. The first performer was Draco Malfoy who was performing a little dance but needed a volunteer to do it with him. Some of the Slytherin girls raised their hands, but he chose Luna. Luna didn't raise her hand, so she went up and did the dance routine with him. It was more of a fancy romance dance routine. Draco planned this all along so he can do it with Luna. Luna looked over to her friends. Rosa had her mouth dropped, Hiro slapped his forehead and Tadashi looked away. Harry stared at the both of them blankly, Ron was about to get up there and Hermione looked disgusted at Draco. Harry was steaming mad.After they were finished, the crowd cheered and the curtains fell. Luna hurried to her seat before Malfoy grabbed her arm. Luna sat down and Rosa whispered to her. "Why does he always like you? You never even talk to him." she said. Luna shrugged while Tadashi was steaming and Hiro was still speechless and pretended that he didn't see the performance. The next 15 performers went up and then Hiro's cue for his performance came. He went behind the curtains and the curtains rose then the stage candles lit. Hiro cleared his throat."Um... hello. My name is Hiro Hamada... and I have a performance to share with words on paper. And it's for my friends and a very special friend who meant a lot to me."The audience awed and Rosa blushed and sank down her seat a little. Hiro cleared his throat and said hos poem in unison and in a poetic way."From days I had as a wizard to beand a school that we should leadMy friends We met at the trainand I fell in love with one personand her eyes are beautiful as a roseAnd her name is Rosa...."Everyone ooo'ed when they heard her name and Rosa sank lower on her seat. Hiro continued On."Our parents should be proudas should the rest of the crowdand Hogwarts is the place to gobattling people who are foeswith Harry, Ron, Hermioneand they are not tiny.Tadashi the brothr of minehas no place in time except me.Hogwarts the schooland the only place that rules my life."He finished and bowed until the audience cheered loud. He smiled to Rosa and she blushed. Some of the audience stood up and whistled loudly then Hiro got off the stage. The next performer was well... Tadashi. He grinned and went behind the curtains waiting for his performance to begin. When the curtains rose, he gulped with nervousness. Then he cleared his throat. "Um... h-hello students. I am Tadashi Hamada, and of course I am Hiro Hamada's older brother, and I have a little something to show all of you that can be effective in the future." Then he turned to the side to the stage and called out,"Ow."The next moment, a little robot came rolling towards him and a robot inflated into it's white, huggable form. The robot waved,"Hello. I am Baymax."Everyone seemed amazed and they plauded. "This robot can be the future of medicine and health. It can scan any patient and find out the diagnosis faster than waiting a day or a week to get the results and no blood taken out from the human body."He continued on and on about the different functions, what materials are used, and how it was made. He said he was going for a nonthreatenable, huggable kind of way. When he finished, the whole school cheered loud that the whole universe can hear from the theatre.Tadashi bowed and the curtains fell. "Now it is time for the intermission so feel free to get something from Fred, George, and Jordan Lee at the hall." Dumbledore said and the lights went back on. Tadashi went over where the rest of the gang was. They all congratulated Hiro and Tadashi on their performances. Luna smiled at them and Rosa hugged Hiro tight with a big smile. Harry gave the both of them a thumbs up. "Job well done." Ron said. "It was absolutely amazing. I know that you want your aunt to see this." Hermione said. They both sighed and nodded. "So when are you two performing." Harry asked."I'm the first performer after intermission." Rosa answered. Luna looked down then said,"I'm the last performer for the show." Tadashi patted both Rosa and Luna on the shoulder and he gave Luna a kiss on the cheek. Rosa and Luna was about to nosebleed anime style, but they kept it in.The lights dimmed again meaning that the show is about to start again and they sat back down to their seats while Rosa went behind the stage, waiting for her cue. The curtains rose and The stage lights turned on revealing Rosa staring at the audience. She signaled the music and she hummed The first note. She sang the whole thing perfectly and she pitched the high notes of the song. "She's just a girl and she's on fire..." she finished the song.Everyone cheered louder than Tadashi's performance. She curtsied and the curtains fell. Everyone gave her a pat on the back, thumbs up, etc. The rest of the performers went until Luna went behind the stage on the left side. The curtain rose and she walked towards the piano in a stiff movement. She sat down and breathed a little. Her heart beated loud and fast. Then with her trembling fingers, she played the notes and sang. She went well like she thought it would be.She got the notes correctly and Rosa was proud and Tadashi seemed impressed and Hiro nodded."There's one in one's love and it's oursif you love me as much." she finished with the final notes of the piano. She faced the hushed crowd and curtsied for her performance to be done and she blushed so much. The audience stood up and plauded. The curtains fell and the theatre lights went back on and the show was finally finished.