
Carter KnightMonday, March 6
I don't hear about Emily March's death until class begins.
The whole school is despondent. Owen doesn't even dare crack a joke.
I didn't know Emily well. All I knew were the rumors. I had heard so many itinerant stories. By the time they had gotten to me, I had knew clue what was the truth. There was only one I clearly remember.
Emily had gotten pregnant by some college drop-out and had an abortion to get rid of it.
I doubt that one was really true. No one could forget the amount of bullying that persisted after that went around though.
Emily has always been judged. At least, ever since middle school.
When class ends for lunch I search for Owen and Nathan.
"Do you know what happened to her? Like, how did she die?" Owen turns to us with wide eyes.
Nathan punches his arm, "Dude, seriously? How could you be so insensitive?"
"We're all thinking it," Owen frowns.
"Yeah, thinking."
"I'm not sure," I answer. Owen pushes open the doors to the cafeteria. Immediately, I'm slammed into. When I look down I'm staring into the most mesmerizing blue eyes. I instantaneously recognize them.
Charlotte Casey.
Her golden locks swirl around her head as she looks up to me. Her eyes say it all. She has the most perturbed look upon her innocent face.
I feel as though an icicle has pierced through my chest.
I've never seen someone so shattered. Completely gone.
Before I even blink, she's gone. Running helplessly towards the exit.
"Shit," Owen says. I know they both saw that look too. He pats me on the shoulder.
Owen and Nathan are the only two who know about my crush on Charlotte. To be honest, I'm not so sure it's just a crush anymore. I've had endless thoughts of Charlotte since sixth grade when she moved here from Maine.
I don't say anything. I can't. I just follow Owen and Nathan to our usual table.
~*~
"Do either of you guys know Charlotte Casey?"
I gulp.
"Uh, yeah, I think I've seen her before," Nathan coughs awkwardly.
"She's like the most gorgeous girl in school," Kimberly, Owen's twin sister, continues.
Owen winks to me from across his dinner table. Owen's family, Nathan, and I are eating pizza in their dining room.
I clear my throat, "Why? What about her?"
"I'm thinking of befriending her. Her best friend was Emily. She must be going through such a tough time," Kimberly turns somber.
"I think that's a great idea, sweetie," Miss Ritch chimes in.
"Yeah. I think I know her too, the guys always talk about her in the locker rooms. Her boyfriend always ends up yelling at us," It's difficult for Owen to hold back his laughter.
Owen is right. I can't count all the times I've turned green from hearing guys talk about her. Charlotte was just, Charlotte. Perfect.
"I don't blame them. I even have a women boner for her," Kimberly giggles, "I just don't know how to talk to her at a time like this."