
"Why don't you just start off slow. Invite her to the game this Friday, but leave it open," Nathan offers. Nathan has always been the sensible one.
"Good idea!"
"You can even invite her to get ready before hand," Miss Ritch suggests.
Kimberly lets her smile sag, "I hope she heals soon."
"Me too, Kim," I whisper.
Once we're done with dinner Owen, Nathan, and I head to the Ritch's game room. We decide to just play classic Mario Kart on Owen's Xbox.
"I don't even know what she sees in him," Nathan says. He's stuffing his face with popcorn while Owen and I play. I roll my eyes, we just had dinner.
"Yeah, me neither, he's a total dick," Owen snorts, "And he's short. I bet he has a tiny-"
"Okay, Owen, we get it," Nathan cuts him off, "I don't know how he pretends to be so charming in front of her."
"Okay guys, I appreciate the effort, but this really isn't helping," I run my fingers through my hair. Now, I only picture Jason and Charlotte kissing.
"At least you'll be seeing a lot more of her now. I have a feeling I'll be able to get Kimberly to invite her over a lot. You're already here like 24/7 so no difference there."
"I'm not so sure that's a good thing Owen," I shake my head.
"Why would it not be? And maybe some days she'll come over to swim in a tiny red bikini, or have pillow fights in her underwear, or-" Owen Is interrupted when a pillow smacks his face.
"Dude, shut up, that's just your sick sexual fantasy," Nathan gives him a disapproving look.
"I don't think I can stand to see her so often. Not when I know she's still held in another guys arms," I'm now rubbing my temples.
"I guess so," Owen looks honestly upset for a moment until a hopeful look springs to his face, "Maybe we can show her how awful Jason is without her around."
"He doesn't do anything that bad," Nathan frowns.
"He flirts with other girls constantly when her back is turned. No girls have ever said anything 'cause they're all jealous of her," Owen clenches his fist, "That's not cool with me considering what my mom went through."
We've all known about Owen's past. His father left their family when he realized his wife was pregnant with twins. He had been cheating too.
I just can't handle that much, He had said.
Like their mother could do better alone.
I shake my head too, "Not to mention how possessive he is when guys talk about her, even if the comments aren't innuendos."
"Well, what could we possibly do?" Nathan looks hopeless, "She won't believe us if we just say something. We don't even know her."
Owen snorts, "Righhhht, Carter over here has practically stalked the girl for six years. I'm sure he knows a lot more than we'd like to think."
I shove him off the couch, "Shut up, I'm not that bad."
Owen clutches is stomach. When he's done laughing he wipes away a fake tear, "Man, Carter, you're hilarious."
Nathan laughs too but begins to throw popcorn at Owen. Owen tries to catch the flying kernels with his mouth.