
"Its somewhere in this page. I just know it." Hiro said, flipping pages of the Charms textbook. Hiro had an assignment to test a spell that can change old from young, or new, and write their observations by Thursday. (which today is Sunday so yeah...) "Aha! Here it is!" Hiro exclaimed. Rosa and Luna looked at the page. "And why are we testing this?" Rosa said curiously. Hiro sighed. "I told you two five times. I need to test it and write my observations by Thursday for Charms class." Rosa put her hands in the air like she was arrested for no reason. "Just calm down. It was only a question." she said. Luna looked at the page again then looked away with a stern face. "But what are we testing it on?" Luna asked. Hiro stood for a moment. Then something hit him. "Rosa! Do you have your pig?" he asked her. Rosa nodded then asked,"Why?" Hiro smiled. "Do you want to see him as a cute little piggy?" he asked. That question made Rosa smile and imagine Albert E. as a cute little piggy. "Albert!" she called over to the pig. Albert E. was laying on the rug by the fireplace of the Gryffindor Common Room. He oinked and got up to his little feet. "Sit here." Rosa commanded while pointing him next to her. "I hope this works but here goes..." Hiro murmured. Her pointed his wand and casts a youngster spell which it turned Albert E. back to an adorable little piglet. Hiro turned happy and Rosa awed at little Albert E.Luna was about to hug him to death... but she didn't. "It worked!" Hiro exclaimed with his wand in the air. Then he accidently said the spell again and the wand pointed towards a pot and the ray bounced both to Luna and Rosa! The Hiro opened his eyes and saw something on the ground. "OH NO! WHAT DID I DO?!" Hiro screamed. He crept closer to the unknown things on the ground. On the floor was the uniforms of Luna and Rosa...He carefully lifted the girl's uniforms to see what he has done. The next moment, he heard gurgle sounds... not any gurgle sound. BABY SOUNDS! Hiro jumped back and baby Rosa and baby Luna crawled out under their big uniforms. "HERMIONE!" Hiro yelled. Hermione, Harry, and Ron all came down with a scared look on their faces. "What is i-" Ron asked but then was cut off when the three of them had their wide, bulging eyes on Rosa and Luna."Hiro. Explanation. Now!" Hermione demanded. "I had an assignment from Charms and I had to practice this youth spell. It worked on Albert E. but I accidently said the spell again and it hit both Luna and Rosa! I have no idea how long they're going to be like this and... I... don't know... how to... reverse... it." Hiro explained. Hermione sighed while Ron and Harry picked up the babies from the ground. Luna blushed a little when Harry had her in his arms while Rosa was making noise to Ron."Go get Tadashi... We'll keep an eye on them for you." Harry said. Hiro nodded and went out of the Gryffindor Common Room. This is all my fault!, Hiro thought while he wasn't paying attention of where he was looking until he bumped into another student. "Ow! Hey watch it!" said the other student. Hiro looked up and it was Draco Malfoy with Crabbe and Goyle. Draco Malfoy looked at Hiro with a disgusted look. "Watch where you're going, you little Halfblood. And where do you think where you're going?" He snarled.Hiro mumbled,"None of your business." "What did you say?!" Malfoy asked. Hiro looked up at his eyes and frowned. "I said 'It's none of your business.'" Hiro shot back.Malfoy gave him an evil look then put a fake smile. "Is it about Luna?" he interrogated Hiro. "I said its none of your business!" Hiro said louder then ran off. I wonder what is going on..., Malfoy thought and followed Hiro."Tadashi!" Hiro called out at the Ravenclaw Common Room. Tadashi was reading his Defense Against Dark Arts textbook and was sitting on an armchair. "Tadashi!" Hiro called out again. Tadashi looked up with a concerned look. "Hiro? What is it? What's wrong?" he asked the younger Hamada."You gotta see this... and it's totally not my fault." Hiro said, grabbing Tadashi's sleeve of his shirt and dragged him off back to Gryffindor.
"So let me get this straight. You accidently turned Rosa and Luna into babies?" Tadashi asked, holding baby Luna on his lap. (Rosa and Luna were wearing those cute little baby swaddles) Hiro nodded and Rosa was biting Hiro's index finger with her gums. Hiro chuckled from the cuteness. Luna looked up at Tadashi and he smiled then kissed Luna's chubby cheeks. She blushed as red as cherries.Hermione came down with the charms book in her hands. "The spell won't last for 24 hours... But we have to keep them out of sight from the professors tomorrow morning." Tadashi and Hiro both looked at each other then Hermione. "But what are we supposed to do while we're at school?" Tadashi asked. "We can let Hagrid take care of them." Hiro suggested. "Uh... no." Hermione rejected.