
If possible, Kimberly's smile widens. She sports a whopping grin, "I like you, Charlotte. Definitely worth my anonymity."
"I'm glad. I'd hate to disappoint."
"I bet you would. So, are you religious at all?" Kimberly begins to eat an apple.
"I'm not particularly religious. I would like to believe someone is out there. A God of some sorts. God gives hope. Hope can save lives."
Quite literally.
If Emily had hope...
Kimberly must understand. I realize this when my hand is enveloped in hers.
I wave my other hand absentmindedly, "Who knows if there is an actual greater being out there. It may be you, Kimberly."
She huffs, "I wouldn't be surprise."
I laugh for the first time in a week.
"Your modesty is overwhelming."
~*~
The sound of the doorbell echoes through the house.
Jason is here.
He's asked me to go on a date. To cheer me up. Apparently we would be going to a formal dinner with his parents. A party was being held for a big corporation. Jason's father held a high position in the company.
I'm dressed in a long strapless dress. The number is nude and covered in black lace. Mom curled my hair and pinned up some pieces in a messy fashion.
When I come down the stairs Jason has already been let in. Mom stands there. Her nose is covered, sniffing a bouquet of dark red roses.
"You look beautiful, Charlotte."
Jason's compliment sends a flush to my cheeks. Mom's soft hands cup my face.
"You look gorgeous, Baby Girl," She sends me a sad smile, "If only Emily were here to see you like this."
I nod.
Jason takes my hand in his. His parents are waiting outside, standing proudly by their sleek black Tesla.
"Charlotte!" Mrs. Baines takes my hand in hers, "How wonderful you look! Like a real women."
"Charlotte," Mr. Baines tips his head forward.
Mrs. Baines manages to fill the entire ride with endless conversations.
When we reach the Serenity Country Club, a young man in a black tuxedo takes my hand. He assists me on balancing in my heals. Jason steps out of the car behind me. He places his strong hand on the small of my back.
This must be one important party.
There is over a hundred people here. A prodigious crystal chandelier hangs above me. Champagne is handed out by well-dressed butlers. A dance floor stands in the middle.
Two families to a table. Jason and I are the last ones to sit. To my left is a young boy, maybe four, with an expensive looking black suit. He's looking up at me with an endearing grin.
"I'm Landon," He holds his small hand out.
"Charlotte."
He places a light kiss to my hand.
Do I actually feel myself blushing?
That only makes me redder.
"Would you like to dance with me later?"