
I whimper and take another step back. I continue onto the field. I think of Emily and how hard I must try to stay strong, for her. I'm unable to cry anymore. I've used up all my tears.
Come on Charlotte, you can make it through this. There's no reason to immerse yourself in sorrow.
I take a deep breath. When I check my phone I have a new text.
I'm here for you when you need me.
It's from Jason. I run my fingers through my curled hair, straighten out my dress and sum up the courage to walk back.
~*~
The clinking of our silverware is the only sound that fills the room. No one even tries to lighten the mood. It's just not possible. It's not until I'm washing my plate off that my mother says something.
"Would you want to watch a movie together tonight? Like old times?" Her voice is soft, tentative.
"No thanks, Mom."
I take the steps to my room two at a time. I lock the door behind me. I close my eyes and take a deep breath before turning to the box.
At the funeral, Mrs. March gave me a box of Emily's belongings. Things they thought I might want.
I begin to sort through the items. The box is mostly made up of picture frames holding memories. Memories of Emily and me.
One is us at Emily's eighth birthday party, the next, a picture of Emily holding a chocolate bar and me, popcorn, in pajamas. A sleepover.
The last one I look at is us at Disneyland for my sixteenth birthday. The most recent photo.
We had decided to dress up for their Halloween Party. I am Rapunzel from Tangled. My hair is pulled back in a braid, light flowers are placed throughout. I wear an elaborate replicated dress Mrs. March had made. Emily, thinking it would be funny, decided to dress as Flynn Rider. She has fake facial hair and a brown wig concealing her identity. She holds me bridal style in the picture. Her face is consumed by laughter.
I smile at the nostalgia.
Tears well up in my eyes.
I place the photo down. My hands move to a small leather book. I open up to the first page.
Mr. Scribble
Emily March's Diary
I just can't handle this right now.
The last thing I grab for is a tattered yellow blanket. I lift the soft cloth to my nose. Strawberry Fields. Emily.
A single tear escapes.
I hold the blanket to my chest. My feet pad towards the bed. I breathe in Emily's scent until I fall fast asleep.