
The sunlight warmed Hiro to let him know that it's time to get ready for the first day. Tadashi woke up 30 minutes earlier than the rest of the Ravenclaw students so he can check out the library. Rosa was snoring in bed because she always likes to sleep in every morning except for some school mornings. Luna was never tired. She always stay up late looking at the window and had very little sleep.The students woke up and got dressed in their uniforms then they went down to the Great Hall for breakfast. It was a delicious meal and they received their classes. Hiro had Transfiguration for the first class, then he has Defense Against Dark Arts, and he has Herbology as his last class for the morning.Tadashi has Potions as his first class, Herbology, then Transfiguration for his morning classes.Luna and Rosa has Potions as their first class, Transfuguration, then Defense Against Dark Arts.They were happy but not looking forward of seeing Professor Serevus Snape since he was the Potions professor."So, did you sleep well?" Rosa asked. "I slept very well and I got up 30 minutes early to get ready." Tadashi replied. He seemed to be in a chipper mood. "I slept fantastically!" Hiro exclaimed."I never get tired. You know that I stay up late looking out the window after the sorting hat ceremony." Luna murmured."I slept so well that I could sleep in... but not on school mornings." Rosa yawned.While the four of then were talking, Harry, Ron, and Hermione came up to them. "Good morning. Mind if we sit with you?" Hermione greeted."Sure. We don't mind." Hiro said. The three of them smiled and sat down. "So you must be the Hamada brothers. I'm Ron Weasley." Ron said.Hiro and Tadashi nodded."And we heard that you must be the famous Harry Potter, the brave Ron Weasley, and the smart Hermione Granger. But I am smarter than my brother... He's the genius." Tadashi said to them.Hiro grinned while Hermione heard and what to react with that.Then Rosa leaned over to Hermione to whisper something. When Rosa said that, Hermione looked at Luna and she was about to squeal. "What? What is it, Hermione?" Harry asked curiously.Hermione leaned over to Ron and whispered. Then Ron leaned over to Harry and whispered the same thing. After Harry heard that, they all looked at Luna and smiled.Luna was so embarrassed.
The morning classes went well, but kinda troubling in Potions for Tadashi because he didn't understand the ingredients and asked Professor Snape for help since he is new to the school. But Snape didn't. Luna, since she was his partner, helped Tadashi through the ingredients and steps. Tadashi was grateful that he has a partner who is gentle and kind.Lunch came and so was the mail. The owls flew crazy and dropped off different colored wrapped boxes. Tadashi and Hiro opened theirs. Tadashi had his father's watch. He teared up when he recognized it but good thing Rosa had a tissue to give. Hiro opened it and it seems that he has a Time Turner. They were grateful for the gifts but Luna warned Hiro not to spin it otherwise he will be back in time and never return to the present. Hiro agreed and put his Time Turner in his pants pocket. The afternoon classes went better than the morning classes and they had no homework since they started learning.Hiro, Rosa, Luna, and Tadashi went out to the courtyard for a little bit more for a tour. When Luna spotted the Quidditch Pit, she tapped Hiro and Tadashi. "Yes?" Tadashi asked concernly.Luna looked down even though she is shy and said,"Would you two be interested to play Quidditch? It's pretty fun." Tadashi and Hiro looked at her. They have no idea what Quidditch is. So the four of them went down to the Pit and the boys were amazed. It was bigger than a football field and they can see three hoops on two sides.Luna stepped up with a box and sets it down then she whistled for her Nimbus 2000 to come and it did. It flew up to her hands. "Alright Hiro and Tadashi, since you never heard of Quidditch I'll explain. Quidditch is a pretty competitive game to play, but you're gonna need brooms to do that. See the hoops on each side? Those are the goal posts for the Quaffle. The Quaffle is the main ball to throw at the hoops. Once they score, the team gets 10 points. But watch out for the Bludger. It can knock you out once it hits you but some of the players on each team will have bats so they can hit it out of the way. So better dodge that one. Ah, lastly the important thing to catch is the Snitch. Each team will have one Seeker to go after it. The Snitch is worth 150 points and it will end the game. The Seeker on the team who caught it, the Seeker's team will win the game. Harry was our best Seeker like his father before he died. So sad for him."Tadashi was a little worried for the idea of Quidditch but he wanted to try. Hiro did not listen at all and he rather be not interested of playing."I guess I will try it out." Tadashi said. Hiro looked at him thinking he was crazy. "Tadashi! Don't! But what about the Bludger that will knock you out?!" Hiro freaked.Tadashi ignored him. "I think that is a good sport but I'm not interested." Hiro said to Rosa and Luna. "Its fine if you don't want to join." Rosa said. "Now can we head back to our dorms now? I want to read ahead of the chapter for tomorrow for Transfiguration class." Hiro pleaded.Rosa and Luna nodded then they started going back to the courtyard. While on the way, Luna looked at Tadashi shyly and she tried to speak, but then she asked Rosa to do it for her."Tadashi? Luna was asking if you want to study together at the library. Would like to study with her?" Rosa said over to Tadashi. They stopped and Tadashi smiled. Hiro elbowed him and gave him a smirk.Rosa pushed Luna closer to Tadashi and made a little lovey dovey faces to her. "Sure. I would like to and no need to be shy, Luna." Tadashi said.Luna was about to faint but Rosa caught her in her arms. Then Tadashi and Rosa carried her back to the dormititories.