
During Potions class in December, Rosa and Luna partnered up to make the Lucky Liquid. Draco was partnered up with Tadashi and he has been staring at the girls the whole class.I'll make the Love Potion after class... Its almost finished and I'll finally use it on Luna. Draco thought. "Then stir it slowly and it should be done." Luna instructed from the book. "For how long?" Rosa asked. "For about a minute or two from what it says from the book. And have you ever feel that someone is staring at us?" Luna and Rosa stood quiet for a little until the Lucky Liquid was finished. "Professor!" they both called out.Professor went over and checked the Lucky Liquid by dropping a red feather and it was perfect. "Well done ladies. You are excused to leave class but use this well." he said giving the Lucky Liquid potion to them. "We will." Rosa said.After Rosa and Luna left the classroom, Draco was staring at them. "Draco? Are you listening?" Tadashi asked.Draco then looked at Tadashi. "Hm? What was that, Hamada?" he asked. Tadashi frowned. "I said 'can you stir the potion please?' If you were listening then you should stop staring at my friends." he growled."Oh whatever." Draco shot back.
When lunch came, Draco finally finished the potion and poured it in a cup at the Great Hall. "What are you doing there?" asked Hiro.Draco turned around and saw him. He was shaking a little bit. "I was just getting Luna a drink." he said nervously.Hiro examined him before he looked at the drink. "I think Luna is wondering what took me so long so I guess I'm gonna take this to her. Its no potion. No potion in here." And Draco went off to where Luna and Rosa were sitting. The girls looked at him. "I brought you a drink. Here." he said offering it to Luna.Luna smiled a little and took the cup. "Thank you." she said. "You're welcome. If you need anything, I'll be at the library." Draco replied with a light shade of pink on his cheeks and he left them. Rosa looked at the cup suspiciously. "Let me drink it to see if it's safe. There might be poison or a potion that Malfoy put." Rosa said."You might be right. Here." Luna replied. She gave Rosa the cup. "And Albert E. will try it too." Rosa said holding Albert E. on her lap. He oinked once and Rosa let him take a sip before she drank a little. Then Albert E. was getting odd. He was being a lover to Rosa by oinking adorably and hugging her. "What the stars?!" Luna exclaimed. Then she next noticed to her friend too."Aw! I love you too, Albert!~" she said. Rosa looked at Luna. "Luna? I think I might be in love..." Luna looked at her like she has gone cookoo. "You already told me that you were in love with Hiro. Remember?" Luna said curiously.Rosa looked at Luna with hearts in her eyes. "I'm in love with Draco Malfoy now." she sighed. Luna's eyes widened. She looked at the drink and analyzed it. "It can't be the love potion. Rosa you better snap out of it. I need my old best friend back!" Luna said. "I am still your best friend. Now if you excuse me. I'm gonna go find Draco." Rosa announced. Then she got up and left the Great Hall.I better find Hiro before it's too late!, Luna thought. Luna bumped into Tadashi while she was running down the hallways to find Hiro. "Luna! What's wrong?" he asked. Luna looked at his brown eyes and she blushed."Rosa is under a spell that Draco put in my drink. Now she's in love with him and I have to find Hiro before it's too late!" Luna explained. His eyes became wide then said,"I'll help you. You can't do this alone." She looked up at him. "Really?" He nodded. "Okay... Now let's find Hiro!"