
While on the train to Hogwarts, they munched down on different snacks that Hiro and Tadashi never tried before. Chocolate frogs and any other candy and snacks that any wizard could imagine!"What's this?" Hiro asked holding the chocolate frog box."That one is the live chocolate frog," Rosa replied,"but you have to eat it before it gets away."Hiro immediately opened the box and ate the frog's head. Tadashi was a little grossed out but he looked away. "So... who are your parents?" Luna asked them.Hiro almost choked and Tadashi eyes were widened from her question. "O-our parents?!" they hesitated at the same time. She nodded.They were silent at first until Rosa spoke. "Maybe it's best if they don't tell us about their family, Luna."Luna nodded in agreement. "Are you excited about Hogwarts, ladies?" said a voice. The four of them turned to the boy who has sleek, blonde hair and green eyes. "What do you want, Draco Malfoy?" Rosa asked with disgust. "Oh nothing really. I wanted one of you girls to be my girlfriend. Any of you interested?" Draco asked Rosa and Luna in a darling kind of way.The girls nodded to each other. "I'm sorry Draco, but we're still not interested of having a relationship with a pureblood Slytherin like you." Rosa replied to him. Draco became upset and stormed down to his car compartment.Hiro and Tadashi were quite speechless from the reaction. "Who was he?" Tadashi asked. Rosa was about to speak but she let Luna to explain."That was Draco Malfoy. He's in the Slytherin House and a pureblood. On our first year, he called us Mudbloods, made fun of me and Rosa, and tried to annoy us nonstop 24/7. But close to the end of the year, Malfoy asked me out to be his girlfriend but I said no. He kept asking us but we rejected him." Luna said quietly. "Slytherin?" Tadashi asked once again."Oh that's right. Its your first year at Hogwarts." Rosa said,"Professor McGonagall will explain once we get there."The next moment, the train was stopping knowing that there is something going on. The lights went out, and the four of them (and Albert E.) stood quiet. The room was starting to get a little colder and frost was forming on the window. Rosa and Luna held close together from fear. They knew what it was. It. For a few minutes, the lights went back on and the train moved again. "What was that?!" Hiro asked scarcely.The girls were trembling so much that they could barely speak. "D-Dem-mentors." Luna stuttered."A what?" the boys asked again. "Dementors!" Rosa screamed.Tadashi and Hiro jumped a little and almost had a heart attack from Rosa's screaming. Hours later... The train stopped and they made it to Hogwarts. Rosa, Albert E. the pig, Luna, Hiro and Tadashi grabbed their luggages and got off the train. "First years over here!" the giant called loudly for every student to hear. "I guess you'll enjoy the little trip with Hagrid, Hiro and Tadashi." Luna said. Tadashi looked over at her and smiled, sane as Hiro. Both of the girls blushed from their adorable smiles.Then the boys left the girls and the pig. Hiro and Tadashi were amazed of how big Hagrid was. They turned around to look at Luna and Rosa. They were talking to the same three kids that they passed by. Hiro and Tadashi have heard that the boy with the lightning scar was the famous Harry Potter and the boy with red hair was Ronald Weasley but they call him Ron. And the girl with the curly brown hair was the smart Hermione Granger."Right this way, right this way." Hagrid called over. The first years started walking along with Hagrid while he was holding the litted lantern. Then all of them were on the boats going across the water and the next thing, they can see the school. It was more of a castle but it was a beautiful view to see at night. Then after they arrived, all the first year students climbed up the stairs until they see Professor McGonagall. She cleared her throat and fixed her hat that was a little lopsided on her head. "Welcome to Hogwarts. We are very glad that you all decided to come here, but there are some rules to follow. Before you take your seats, you will be sorted to four houses. Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin" she said,"now... the students will be ready in a few minutes." And then she left the room.The students whispered to each other until Professor came back in with a scroll in her hand. "They are ready for you. Follow me please." she instructed. All of the first year students followed behind her and they entered the Great Hall. It was a huge room that has candles floating above their heads, four tables full of students with exciting faces. Rosa was sitting at the Hufflepuff table while Luna was sitting at the Gryffindor table with Harry, Hermione, Ron and Neville Longbottom. Hiro spotted Rosa first and he smiled at her then Tadashi smiled at Luna while they were walking down to the stool in front of the school's headmaster, Professor Albus Dumbledore. When they stopped, Professor McGonagall faced to the students and said,"When I call your name, please step forward." Then she opened the scroll and began calling out the names until she stopped when she saw Hiro and Tadashi's names."Hm... This can't be." she mumbled. "Hiro Hamada." Hiro beamed up and walked up to the stool. Professor put the sorting hat on his head and the hat mumbled of which he was going to be placed in. "Gryffindor!" Then the Gryffindor table cheered loudly for him as he got off the stool and ran to sit next to Luna. "And the older brother, Tadashi Hamada." professor called out articulately. Then the students whispered as Tadashi stepped up to the stool. Professor placed the hat on top of his head and the hat mumbled again until he called out, "Ravenclaw!"The Ravenclaw table cheered as he got down and took a seat. Tadashi looked over at Hiro. Hiro was a little happy but disappointed now that they are separated. Then he looked over to Rosa and Luna. They had the same look too.After all the names were called and sorted out, Professor Dumbledore stood up then cleared his throat for all the students to settle down."Before we begin our feast, I would remind all of you that the Dark Forest is forbidden from all of you to face death. Now, let's feast."Then food magically appear and sure was the students were starving. Hiro seemed to enjoy the food then he leaned over to Luna and asked,"You have a crush on my brother, don't you?"Luna blushed and didn't know what to react to that. After dinner, the first years had their tour and it was time for bed. Hiro enjoyed it and so did Tadashi.They had their uniforms for tomorrow as their first day of school. Goodnight Hogwarts...But Luna watched out the window wondering about someone all night long...