
December... A month of happy snow. Luna, Hiro, Rosa, and Tadashi took their midterm tests and no worries at all. Studying with Harry, Ron, and Hermione really paid off. Its December 24th and only one more day until Christmas. The six of them were hanging out at the Gryffindor common room that afternoon while Hiro was asleep at his dorm."I'm gonna go see what that knucklehead is dreaming." Tadashi chuckled. Luna can't help But blush from his laugh. Tadashi went up the stairs and got into the dorm. All the beds were empty but Hiro's sleeping body was laying on one that is close to the entrance doorway. He was sure snoring! "No.... don't think about... the mistletoe... with Rosa..." he mumbled in his sleep. Tadashi laughed quietly and shook him awake. What I mean shook I mean... pushed him off his bed.Hiro sat up on the ground. "Hey! What was that for?! That wasn't nice!" Hiro scolded. "Everyone is waiting for you and I'm thinking about the mistletoe plan now." Tadashi teased. Hiro blushed then got up. "Not if I pull that one on you and Luna and let's see who gets the last laugh."Now Tadashi blushed harder than Hiro on that sentence. "Just get into your clothes and get down to the common room." Tadashi instructed then left the dorm. After Tadashi got back to the Gryffindor Common Room, he saw that Harry was talking to Luna. And Luna looked at Tadashi and noticed him blushing but she didn't want to ask why. Then Harry leaned over to her. "What did you bring him? And ready for that scene tonight?" he whispered to her ear. Luna blushed so hard and slapped Harry across the head. Rosa laughed after she saw it, revealing her braces that was on her teeth. Hiro joined the little party and sat next to Rosa on the couch. They laughed almost all afternoon until Rosa got up and tripped over some books on the ground and got her braces stuck on Hiro. They almost freaked and Rosa tried to pull away but it was so darn stuck. "A little help!" Hiro squeaked. Then Tadashi turned around and saw it. "What the Fudge?!" Tadashi almost yelled but Luna quieted him down. "Don't use the Minister's name and that kind of language. Besides, it's Christmas." Luna said to him. Tadashi looked at Luna and blushed at the same time as Luna did. "We'll help you." Hermione said. Then Harry, Ron, Luna, Tadashi, and Hermione pulled Rosa from Hiro. They tugged her a couple times and it finally came off. "Thanks. I owe yu guys one." Rosa said. Everyone nodded.
The evening came as all of them came back from a snowball fight and Malfoy interrupted them by throwing nonstop. And Harry was sitting alone until all of them came to see what's wrong. They all gathered around in front of the fire with mug of Hot Cocoa and blankets wrapped around them later in the evening. Unfortunately, they were short on one person... Luna. Tadashi offered to share one with him but Luna nodded and sat next to him as he wrapped his half to her. Both of them blushed. They could hear some snickering and oooo's from the rest of the gang.Ah, and they were having a little bit of a good story from a muggle tradition. The Night Before Christmas that Hiro and Tadashi shared. Ron was amazed by the story because he never heard of it. After the story ended, they chartered until bed. Hiro had his way. He snuck up to Luna and Tadashi and held a mistletoe under their heads. They both looked up and then to each other. "Hey everyone! Check this out!" Hiro called out. Everyone in the common room whispered and giggled. Everyone knows it's a tradition to kiss someone (on the lips) under a mistletoe. They pecked and everyone groaned. "C'mon! That wasn't a kiss! It should last like 5 seconds." Rosa said. They both blushed and this time... they really kissed. Everyone cheered but their hearts beated louder than their cheers. After they pulled away, Luna went up to her dorm with embarrassment that she kissed her crush on the lips on Christmas Eve. Now Tadashi has his revenge. He snuck up to Rosa and Hiro and placed a mistletoe above their heads.They were surprised and they connected their lips while Albert E oinked with jealousy. After they pulled away, Tadashi smirked and said,"Now who has the last laugh now?" Hiro rolled his eyes and said,"You kissed her and I kissed Rosa back on Halloween so.... Haha!" Hiro had the last laugh and Tadashi was embarrassed that he went up to find Luna. "Do you think he likes her?" Rosa asked Hiro. He shrugged. "Who knows. He did kiss Luna back on that scene." he replied. Albert E. oinked and Rosa picked him up. "You're jealous, aren't you? Well no one is better than you, Albert." Rosa cooed.