
Hiro and Tadashi walked to class together the next morning. Tadashi noticed that he has been smiling all morning. "You seemed to be in a good mood today." he said. Hiro couldn't stop smiling from last night with Rosa."Yep. Last night was great." Hiro said cheerfully.
"He did WHAT?!" Luna squealed. But Rosa hushed her. "Not so loud Luna or else everyone will know what happened between me and Hiro." Rosa said."What about you and Hiro?" said Malfoy walking towards them.Luna growled quietly. "Its none of your business. And can you please stop eavesdropping us?" Rosa shot back. "Who says I'm eavesdropping. Hiro is nothing but trouble and a dirty, no good Halfblood." Malfoy smirked.Rosa was steaming through her ears and was about to tackle him but Luna stopped her. "Clam down. Ignore him. Those are just lies." Luna gently said.Then Malfoy looked over at Luna. "Still falling for Tadashi, eh? Well he's just a no good, bad friend, trouble making, unworthy, dirty student like his brother. Its too bad that you like him and want to become the same thing, Mudblood." he teased.Luna stood silent and was about to say something but Malfoy added on. "And he'll never go for a girl who is shy and timid and never has the voice to say a thing."Luna looked down and cried a little while Malfoy walked off laughing with Crabbe and Goyle. "Luna!" Rosa said comforting her. Then they heard footsteps coming towards them. "Rosa? Luna?" Hiro asked. "What's wrong? What happened?" Tadashi asked next.Luna cried more and Rosa hugged her tighter. "What did Malfoy do this time?!" said a girl's voice running to the four of them. "Hermione! Good timing." Tadashi said.Hermione went over to Rosa and she explained everything of what Malfoy said. "Oh dear. Luna... they're all lies. Don't believe him." Hermione calmed her down.The Hamada brothers were furious of what Malfoy told lies to about them. They turned around to find him. "Wait! I'll go deal with him." Luna spoke out. Then she got up and ran to find Draco Malfoy.
"Draco!" Luna called over. Malfoy stopped and faced Luna. "Yes, Mudblood? What do you want?" he said.Luna took a few deep breaths and said,"that wasn't nice to tell lies and you owe me and Rosa an apology. If you don't then I will give you a lesson." The Slytherin boys laughed at her, but she didn't care. "Oh yeah? What are you gonna do?" Malfoy smirked.She stepped in front of him. "This." she said and punched him on the nose. Then he fell to the ground moaning in pain. The Slytherin boys backed away and Luna gave them a look. "Anyone else?" she said. Then they ran off carrying Malfoy. She was glad that she had the courage to do this. I can't wait to tell Rosa!, Luna thought."Nicely done, little sister!" said two voices. Luna turned around and it was her two older twin brothers, Daniel and Mikey. "You did see that didn't you, Daniel?" Mikey asked him. "I did see that. I did see. That was what we've been waiting for three years and she finally did it." Daniel said over to Mikey. They high fived. "Yes yes. I did it. Happy now?" Luna interruptly asked them.They both nodded and Luna rolled her eyes then started heading back to the Great Hall for lunch.
Harry and Ron heard what happened from Hiro, Rosa, Hermione, and Tadashi. "Why would He tell lies? He's nothing more than a troublemaker." Ron said. Everyone agreed. "He should get expelled for good. I can't stand him any longer." Hermione said.Then Luna came in with a grin across her face. Everyone seemed to notice once she sat down."I did it." she said proudly. Everyone was happy to hear that. "So what did you do to him?" Harry asked. "Lets say that I had my hand on his face." Luna said. Everyone laughed. Until they heard an ahem from the professor behind them. "Miss Everfree. I heard from Malfoy what happened. Please follow me to the Headmaster's office now." Professor Snape.Now her smile faded and she got up to follow behind Snape.Evryone looked down and felt bad. I hope she won't get expelled. Hiro and Tadashi thought. After the afternoon classes, Tadashi went to the library to see if Luna is there so they can study on their homework. He hoped so much and she's actually there with Rosa and Hiro.Tadashi then came running to them. "You didn't get expelled?!" Tadashi asked surprisingly. Luna smiled at him. "Professor Dumbledore asked me what happened and I told him everything. He completely understood me and he gave me only a detention for tomorrow after dinner." she replied.Then the four of them headed inside the library together and worked on homework until dinner and bed.Hiro and Tadashi wrote a letter to Aunt Cass telling her how the school is going so far and telling her that how much they miss her and Mochi the cat. They wrapped it in the envelope and gave it to Microbot, the owl, and he flew to San Fransokyo.Tadashi looked out the window until lights out. Hiro stood up, sitting on the windowsill and looking out at the window. "You're not tired?" said a quiet voice. It was Harry. "Uh... no. I'm feeling a little homesick." he said.Harry put on his round glasses. "I know how it feels. But I never had my parents. They died from Voldemort when I was a baby. But I wanna still remember them. Now and always." Harry whispered. "My parents died too when I was little. Some say from a car accident." Hiro said. Harry apologized for his loss. "Ah, its alright." Hiro said and then yawned. "Well I guess I'll have some sleep for tomorrow." Harry nodded and ruffled Hiro's messy hair. "Goodnight, Hiro." Harry said."Goodnight Harry. See you in the morning." Hiro said and closed his eyes. Goodnight Aunt Cass. Hiro thought in his sleep.