
Days will pass and turn into years, but I will always remember you with silent tears
Charlotte CaseySunday, March 5
Suddenly, as I look around the room, I feel how real this is and the nerves kick in. If the swirling butterflies in my stomach aren't any indication, certainly my sweaty palms are. I flatten down my dress, clasp my hands together, and clear my throat.
Mrs. March watches me. Our eyes connect.
"I'm not quite sure how I'll live without her. I'm willing to try. To live for both of us. No matter how much I wish she was back. No matter how much I yell, pray, or cry, she's not coming back. I have to move on. I know Emily has moved on to someplace better. She'll be surrounded by James Franco movies and pistachio ice cream."
I let out a broken chuckle.
"And when my time comes, I'll join her. But for now, I'll stay strong and live my life to the fullest. If there's anything I know, it's that the last thing Emily would want is for me to wallow in her death. So, Emily, if you're here, I want to say goodbye. Have an unforgettable eternal life, and if I'm lucky, never forget me."
I take a step off the pedestal. The only sound in the room is the sound of my heels as I walk to my seat.
As the rest of the ceremony goes on I think of Emily. I think of Febuary 29th, when Emily decided to take her own life. I couldn't have imagined being her mother. Finding my daughter, in her room, with a rope strung around her neck. Bare feet dangling off the ground.
Eventually everyone files out of the church. I knew Emily had been hurting. I think of when she texted me that haunting night.
I'm going to miss you.
I had a gut wrenching feeling in my stomach. I was too late. By the time I told her mother to check on her, her heart had stopped five minutes before.
~*~
The next day at school, as I enter Woodranch's gates, I'm hollow. Not only do I feel completely empty, I know I look it. Jason immediately comes up to me. His muscular athlete arms wrap around me.
"I'm sorry."
I believe that he is. He'll never understand though. I let myself find comfort in his embrace.
That afternoon the school comes together to sign a poster for Emily. Each person is allowed one comment. Most of them are what you would think.
Remember me.
My writing is messy and my hands shake as I write.
I pick up my feet and enter the school cafeteria. When I catch sight of the table where Emily and I used to sit my throat turns dry. I head straight for the doors. I can't breathe. On my way out I stumble and run into another student.
His eyes are a piercing blue, just like my own. His dirty blond hair hangs lazily across his forehead. What surprises me is the amount of concern that's laced upon his features.
Once I'm steady and reach the hall, I sprint out of the school. I relish in the fresh air and sunshine.
"Charlotte?"
Jason comes around the corner. As he walks up to me I take a step back. I realize now that I want to be left alone.
"I'm worried about you."
I know he is. I see it in the lines creased on his forehead, in the frown adorning his face, and in his green eyes.