
"Owen that doesn't help," Nathan argues.
"Anyways, all I'm saying is that we should figure out a way for Charlotte to see Jason's true colors. In the mean time, Carter, this is the perfect opportunity for you two to get close," Owen turns serious.
"He's right," Nathan nods, "It's time to fight."
"I knew it!" A girly screech sounds from the door way. Kimberly stands there, arm crossed over her chest.
"How long have you been there?" Owen asks warily.
"Long enough to know the truth," Her smile is sly, "When I mentioned Charlotte and you three froze, I knew something was going on! One of you had to like her. Owen's too much of a sleaze ball, Nathan's cares too little about women, so that left you!"
She points an accusatory finger at me.
"Oh, boy," I whisper to myself.
"Lucky for you," She winks, "I actually like you Carter. I'm going to help."
"How?"
"I'm not going to force her to be with you," She shakes her head, "You have to convince her yourself. I am going to make it so you have the opportunity."
"Thanks Sis!" Owen sends her a big smile.
"You think this is a favor?" She laughs, "You, boys, are highly mistaken. Agreements come with a price."
"And here I thought she wasn't the old, sneaky Kimberly," Nathan whispers beside me. I laugh.
Kimberly narrows her eyes, "This is a one time offer. Make me happy or I walk."
"What do you want, Kimberly?" I ask.
"How nice of you to ask!" She grins evilly, "I want you to convince Coach to let Charlotte and me become cheerleaders."
Owen snorts, "You? A cheerleader? funny. You're nothing like a cheerleader."
"Why? Because I don't have blonde hair? I wear sweatshirts, not crop tops? I prefer Converse over heels?"
"Well, yeah," Owen shrugs, "And you're my sister I don't want guys to see you like that."
"Come on!" Kimberly stomps her foot, "You know I've done gymnastics since I was little, I'm good. Charlotte can join too and you'll see a lot more of her."
I turn to Owen, "Would it really be that bad?"
"I can't believe I'm saying this," Owen pinches the bridge of his nose, "Fine, I'll ask."
Kimberly jumps in the air, "Yes! You won't regret it one bit!"
"Well this could be good," Nathan's optimism can't seem to rub off on me.
"Yeah, at least you'll get to see Charlotte in a tiny little skirt," Owen bumps shoulders with me, "That seems worth it to me."
"Dude, again, shut up!" Nathan smacks Owen's head.
~*~
"Oh, Carter, thank goodness you're home!" Mom places a light kiss on my cheek, "Would you mind watching Kaden and Sydney? I need to go to the market."
"Of course, Mom."
As soon as Sydney hears me, I'm a mouse in her arm's trap.
"Oh, Carter! I missed you so much!" If possible, she squeezes tighter.
Sydney's the sweetest little girl I know. She may have Down Syndrome, but she's not thought of as any different to me.