
"Hiro! Get up you knucklehead! You have to see this." the older Hamada said to his younger brother. Hiro opened his eyes slowly, sat up, then stretched out his arms up in the air. After he rubbed his sleepy eyes, he looked up to his older brother, Tadashi, who was holding two envelopes in his hands. "Mail? Its only 7:30 on a Saturday morning. Can I just sleep in instead of looking at the mail?" Hiro said.Tadashi ignored his last question. "It didn't come directly from the mail man," he said, "look out the window and see for yourself." Tadashi pointed the window behind Hiro. Then Hiro directly got out the bed and raised his blinds from the window. All he saw was two owls sitting outside of his windowsill. Hiro became confused. "Owls? That's odd and peculiar." Hiro said to his brother. "Don't call me crazy but... They delivered these letters five minutes ago while I was helping Aunt Cass and then I saw the owls flying up to the ground in front of the door and they dropped off the letters. But they didn't drop it, the letters flew up magically to my hands after they let it go." Tadashi explained.Hiro just stared at him like he was going mad a or insane. Then Tadashi gave Hiro his letter. "It was directly addressed to us. It didn't say who it was from but I bet the back will tell us." Tadashi added.Hiro turned his envelope over and he saw the symbol from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry."Dashi! The back... it says where it came from. Lets open it and see what they want." Hiro exclaimed.Then immediately they ripped their letters open and..."Dear Mr. Tadashi/Hiro Hamada,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry! We are looking forward of having you as our student. The school supplies list is on the next page and please arrive at Platform 9 3/4 on September 1. Congratulations on your acceptance.
Sincerely,Albus DumbledoreHeadmaster of Hogwarts."
Then they both looked over at each other. "We're wizards?!" Hiro said surprisingly. They read their letters again and again. "AUNT CASS!" they yelled and they dashed down to the cafe.