
"So what's for dinner, my dear Mother?" Owen glances around, looking for the answer.
"Your boys' favorite, my famous spaghetti!"
"Yum. Thank you, Mrs. Ritch," Just like Owen, I'm now too, looking for the delectable meal.
"Oh no worries, Carter. You know I always enjoy having you over!"
"And spending time with you is my favorite pass time, Mrs. Ritch," I suck up.
She shakes her head, "Let us start, shall we?"
Owen races to the table, I'm close on his heels.
Owen and I sit across from his sister and Charlotte. Mrs. Ritch is at the head.
~*~
By now, all the pasta is gone and only two pieces of garlic bread have survived. Owen reaches for one of the last. He retracts in a flash when Kimberly's hand strike's his own.
His cries of protests are met with Kimberly's stuck out tongue. I glance at Charlotte and notice her eyeing the last piece. I take it and break it in half.
"May you do me the great honor of accepting this garlic bread?" I give her a lopsided grin.
"As you wish."
Her delicate fingers brush against my own. I try not to watch as she licks her lush, pink lips.
Is there any other human being on this Earth more beautiful?
I'd give anything to have her.
Kimberly surprises everyone when from her mouth escapes a loud burp.
"Ah, man, gross!" Owen waves his nose in front of his mouth, "Girls aren't supposed to do that. You're supposed to be polite, cook, clean, all of that crap."
Owen groans, under the table. I'm sure Kimberly has kicked him.
"You sexist swine!" She yells, "My own brother has the nerve to say such things!"
Charlotte begins giggling loudly. It's like heaven to my ears. Man, I'm crazy about her.
I'm not afraid to say I love it.
I laugh along with them all. Even Mrs. Ritch joins in, who, at first, scolds Kimberly.
"You guys are all against me!" Owen whines, picks up his plate, and stomps out of the room.
Kimberly grabs Charlotte's and her own plate.
"C'mon, let's go Cher! I'm not done making you hot!"
Is it possible Charlotte could get more gorgeous?
I decide it's not.
~*~
"Alright guys! Everyone listen up!" Owen gathers us all around.
Nick, a wide receiver, pats my back.
"I saw Charlotte walking up," He sends me a sly grin, "Damn."
The word drawls out of his mouth.
Does everyone know how I feel?
I mentally laugh, of course they do. It's not possible for me to be more obvious.
"We got this boys! We've got the whole school cheering us on, the finest cheerleaders around - except for my sister, don't even think about it - and the best team in the whole world! Let's kick some Buffalo ass!"
We hoot and holler. The locker room shakes with cheers.