
emberlyn pov
Hi my name is emberlyn I am three years old. My mommy died giving birth to me and my daddy hits me and beats me. My dad locks me out of the house that's why I am on the streets. I am in my fetes pj and my feet hurt I still use a pacifier in my mouth.
Kendall pov
I was driving home when I saw a little girl walking by herself. This little girl was he cuties little things ever but she were was her parents. I pull over to see where her parents are and why she is alone I could not leave her alone like this I was not raised like that to leave a little girl on the streets.
E-Emberlyn K-Kendall
K-sweet where are your parents and what is your name.
E-m-myname is emberlyn.m-my mommy mom died and my daddy locks me out of the house and hits me.(pacifiers IN mouth)
K-ok sweet you are coming home with me right now.
e-ok (she said with her pacifier in her mouth.)
We got in my car I took her home with me I don't know how a parent could lock a child out like that.I have know idea what I am going to do with emberlyn I don't want to ut her in a foster family or into a orphanage. I think I want to adopt her yes I know I could do it I will get a nanny for when we travel. I called my mom to see what we should do.
MK-momma kris K-Kendall
K-mom I need to tell you something(Emberlyn was asleep in the back I didn't have a car seat)
Mk- what is it sweetie
K-I was driving home and I saw this little girl on the side of the road.
Mk-take her to the hospital to make sure is ok and has not caught anything and make sure her bruises are ok. Also got to target to get her dippers other cloths and stuff.
I took her to the hospital so a doctor could look at her and make sure everything was ok oh boy did she freak out I had to hold her. Once the doctor was done she gave me something to take to the pharmacy to put on her cuts and bruises. She said that she had to call the police about this. I texted my mom to come down here.
Police conversation
Pm-police man k-Kendall mk -momma kris E-emberlyn
Pm-sweetie can you tell me how you got all the cuts and bruises.
E-(looks up at Kendall scared and start to cry)
K-it's ok sweetie this nice police man is here to make sure who ever did this to you goes to jail for a long time.
E-( takes out her pacifier out of her mouth so she could talk) my dad did it he locks me out of the house to.
Pm- thank you so much for telling me.
E- welcome (puts her pacifier back in her mouth
K-mom can you take her so I can talk to the police man. Sweetie I need you to go with my mom so I can talk to the police man.
E-ok mommy
Kendall did know what to say to that
K-yes sweetie
After they left she went to talk to the guy
K- where is she going to happen to her
Pm-she will go to a placement until we find her a foster home or an orphanage.
K-I will take her
Pm-I will send her social worker over to you. It's not the first time her dad has done this to her
With that she the nice police man to go to her mom. She goes to target to get more clothes dippers pacifier and a care seat and a stroller. I take her to McDonald's and get her a kids meal we go to my moms got the night. When we get to my moms I go up to my room with the dippers and wipes changer and put her to bed in my bed. I go and take a shower change into pj and go to bed with Emberlyn  I was just as tired as her.