
I led him to our bedroom and told him to sit down and to calm down because I don't understand anything he just told me.
He nodded and took a calm breath while he crossed his legs over and put his both hands above his knee.
I rolled my eyes and sat to Elaine's bed so I can face him. Elaine, sensing that something's wrong quickly sat up beside me and faced Jayden.
We waited a couple minutes before Elaine got irritated.
" Jayden, can you please stop being a drama queen and tell us why you're here" Elaine said with a hint of sarcasm in her tone.
Jayden, being the drama queen, looked at her, raised one eyebrow and said "Well, can you stop being a queen bee so I can tell you why I'm here?" matching the the tone that Elaine used to him.
Now I have to roll my eyes to both of them and look up at the ceiling while these two are having a very intense staring contest.
Sometimes I forgot that Jayden is gay, and Elaine doesn't really like gay people for some reason, that's why they hate each other guts.
Don't ask me how they become best friend because I have no idea. No clue.
"Pls stop this contest right now and quickly tell me what got you here in 6:30 in the morning" I said and look at Jayden.
Jayden, being Jayden, suddenly remember the reason why he's here. He quickly look at my eyes and gave me a sympathetic look.
My stomach churns and I started to get nervous. Jayden usually don't give that look, except if he wants to tell something that he knows will make someone cry.
Jayden took both of my hands and squeeze it. His face became serious and his tone is very gentle as he spoke to me.
"Girl, I have some bad news I must tell you, but before that I wanted to tell you that it's okay, that it's gonna be fine, you're gonna be fine, we're gonna all be fine, we're here-"
"Jay, pls stay on the topic and tell us what's wrong before saying that stuff, you're making Alex and me so worried." Elaine interrupted and I nodded absently.
"Fine, so... My mom called me this morning and she told me that there's been a car accident two hours ago" Jayden stopped to let me process the news he just dropped.
I let the news sink in for a minute before I nodded, telling him to continue.
To be honest, I can't really think straight if I'm nervous, and for some reason, I don't trust my self to speak at any moment.
"What I'm saying is that your boyfriend has been involved in a car accident and his condition is not stable right now" Jayden continued while looking nervously.
I fight back my tears after he mentioned that my boyfriend has been involved in a car accident and that his condition is not stable right now.
I don't wanna think that I'm gonna lose him because I won't, I won't let it happen.
"But that's not the real reason why I came here" Jayden suddenly told me, making me to stop breathing.
"Then what's the real reason?" I asked totally confused.
If that's not the real reason, then what? Is there more bad news than this? I knew that Jayden doesn't like my boyfriend enough to become worried about him, but I know he's worried about me.
"Al, you're boyfriend was not alone when he was driving and got crushed with another car" Jayden said, and he got up to sit beside me. He wrapped his arms around me just like what he did when I opened the door for him before he continued.