
Chapter 6
Cassandra
I walk through the forest, thinking about the situation with Unity. They are really a big problem right now, and I would do anything to see the bashed in faces of those bast-
Crunch. Crunch. Crunch.
Someone is nearby. From the quick footsteps, I can tell they are running. I quietly edge towards the sound, but curse myself when I step on a twig.	After a moment of silence, I decide to reveal myself, putting on my best glare to scare off...
My eyes widen. Damn, that's a fine wolf.
I inhale and smell the pine scent. And he's my mate.
My wolf, Aria, grins subconscious upon finding her mate, which make my eyes light up.
Hot wolf studies me for a moment, then he shifts, quickly covering up his jiggly bits. Upon seeing his very male parts, my father's reminder floats into my head.	Don't let your feelings show.	I immediately try to radiate all the hostility I can so that my mate stays away.
He doesn't seem to take the hint, because he crosses over to where I am and places his hands on my cheeks.
I freeze.
He hesitantly runs his thumbs over the scar on my right cheekbone.
I break the silence. "What are you doing?" This is awkward. Very awkward.
He doesn't answer.
"I asked, what you are-"
"Shh. Don't talk."	The nerve of this guy.
He starts to trace his hands on me, making me very uncomfortable. But it feels nice, the tingles.
"Let go of me."
"Shhhhh."	He touches my hair, my eyebrows. Then he hugs me.
"What..."
"Shh..."	Is this all this guy can say? It's seriously getting annoying.
I shove him off of me, tilting my head while furrowing my eyebrows and crossing my arms. I study him. I study his dark, dark blue eyes and tall physique. The angles on his face are defined enough to make a dictionary jealous. His dark hair curls around his ears and the nape of his neck.
"Who are you?"
"Your mate."
I roll my eyes. Way to go Captain Obvious. "Yeah, I got that part. I meant who as in, what is your name?"
"It is better that you don't know."
"Why?"
"Come here and I'll tell you."
I stand there suspiciously, but I go anyways.	He steps towards me, making my breathing quicken as our foreheads touch.
Then he kisses me.
I don't know what to do. But I give in and mold my lips to his. I can feel the tingles as he pull me tight to him and I run my hands through his hair. We let go of each other and I start to question him.
"What was that for?" He just stole my first kiss.
He is quiet for a while. "You know how I didn't tell you my name?"
I scowl. "Yeah, which is why I didn't tell you mine."
"Good," he says. "You don't want to know my name after this."
Fear creeps into me at the thought of what he might be planning, but I shake it away.