
Chapter 5
Acis
Eurydice's lookalike blinks her big baby blues, making her long eyelashes touch her high cheekbones. I see that she is in human form, so I also shift to get the job done.
Her eyes are cold. That is the first thing I notice. Her eyes look like they have seen pain, and they are extremely guarded.
I walk up to her and place my hand on her cheek, feeling the tingles run through my arm as she freezes. I brush my thumb across the faint scar on her right cheekbone as she holds her breath.
"What are you doing?"
She is the first to break the silence.	I don't answer.
"I asked what you are-"
"Shh. Don't talk."	I trace my hands over her face, my fingers putting every bump and crevice into memory. Her breath catches as my hands run down to her shoulders and collarbones, but not straying any lower.
"Let go of me."
"Shhhhh."	I feel the texture of her hair, the silkiness of each individual strand. I trace along her eyebrows, noticing how they are arched, but slightly bushy. After I explore her face, I grab her and pull her into my body, enfolding her into a hug.
"What..."
"Shh..."	She is so perfect. But I cannot love her, and I am too damaged for her. She cannot love me.
She shoves me and I step back. She tilts her head to the side and I do the same. She furrows her eyebrows and crosses her arms. She studies me from head to toe, and I stand there in her scrutiny.
"Who are you?" The hostility and caution reeks from her words.
"Your mate."
She rolls her eyes. "Yeah, I got that part. I meant who as in, what is your name?"
I decide not to tell her. "It is better that you don't know."
"Why?"
I shake my head. "Come here and I'll tell you."
She eyes me a bit, suspicious, but reluctantly walks to where I stand. I step closer and our foreheads touch.	Her breathing quickens, and I close the gap between us.
Tingles.
Everywhere.
Her lips don't respond for a while, but eventually they mold themselves to mine, showing us a whole new world. I pull her tight to me while she runs her fingers through my slightly long, dark brown hair. We pull away after a minute, breathing heavily.
"What was that for?"
I don't answer that question, because what comes next relates to it.	"You know how I didn't tell you my name?"
She scowls. "Yeah, which is why I didn't tell you mine."
"Good," I say. "You don't want to know my name after this."
Fear momentarily flashes across her eyes, but they turn cold again.
"Why?"	I kiss her lips softly again. "Because, I reject you as my mate."
Tears fill her eyes as she falls to the ground. I, myself, feel the mate bond being severed, but it isn't cut yet because she hasn't accepted it. She will feel all my pain, although I can't feel hers.
"Why aren't you accepting my rejection? It'll hurt you."
She glares at me, then gasps as she falls to the ground again. "Why..."
"Why aren't you..."
"Leave," she demands.
"Not until you accept-"
"Leave. Now."
I nod and look at her one last time before running out. I feel the mate bond wanting to reattach but not be able to do so because of me. I fall to the ground and clutch my heart at the pain. I feel the same pain I felt two years ago when Eurydice left.
The sound of my pack members howling fills my ears as I black out.