
Chapter Two
Acis
I was named Acis because my mother was Alcestis. She told me that Acis is a part of Alcestis, just like I was once a part of her.
"Mother. Why do our wolves walk on all fours and have tails but our humans don't?"
Luna Alcestis laughs lightly and settles on a bench.
"Well, there is a reason behind this, and I will only tell you the story if you sit still."
"Yes, Mother."
"Do you remember how I told you that the only real enemy a wolf has is the bear?"
"Yes, Mother."
"Well, there is a legend about a fight between the first wolf and the first bear, which unfortunately, ended badly for both sides."
Twelve year old me leans into to my mother, eager to listen.
"Long ago, when the werewolves and werebears lived in one area together-no wait. Let me start over. Long ago, when our goddess created the wolf and the bear god created the bear, they did not like each other very much. They both gave each of their animals what they thought was the best qualities, the wolf being quick and agile with beautiful fur while the bear was big and frightening. After the two animals were created, the two divine beings got into an argument on whose creation was better. So they struck a deal and prepared the two animals for a duel.
"Now, the two met and it is safe to say they both looked similar, snouts, claws, walking on two legs. For a bigger challenge, fire blazed up in the forest behind the wolf and the bear. Now, as the wolf and bear circled each other, the bear god cheated and set a spider on the back of the wolf. The wolf, surprised, turned around foolishly, at the moment which the bear lunged. Unfortunately, the wolf's back snapped forward and it could not stand up straight for long.
"Furious, the wolf leaped and pushed onto the shoulders of the bear. The fire burned their coats, but the wolf pushed while the bear's claws were licked by the flames. The bear begged for mercy, and the wolf loosened its hold just enough for the bear to run with the wolf still on its back. Once they reached safe land, the wolf, still angry, snapped off the bear's long tail and left just a stub. The bear tried to walk menacingly toward the wolf, but was shocked to see that his shoulders were hunched forward.
"The bear god and our goddess thought they should stop the fight to keep the two animals from totally disfiguring each other. They agreed to create their humans to look the same; both humans would not be given any of the ravishing feature of the bear and the wolf. This way, if the two humans fought, they would both be vulnerable.  The wolf and bear, however, had to live with the remains of the fight, which is why the wolf walks on fours and has a tail while we don't."
I beam at my mother but grow confused. "How is it possible that humans can turn into bears and wolves, then?"
My mother smiles. "The divine beings cheated and decided that making the humans completely helpless would not be good."
"Yes, mother."
At that moment, my father walked out from the forest with a cake in his hands.
"Papi!"
He smiles. "Happy twelfth birthday, sone," he says, speaking in the native tongue of the wolves, Darkis.
My mother stands up to hug him, when he goes rigid.