
Chapter 3
Acis
The funerals are today.
My mind is blank as I remember Alpheus. He was the grandchild of Baucis and Philemon, the elderly couple who raised me. They took him in when his parents died. We grew up together in the same house like brothers, wrestling and bonding together. He was always the smarter one, despite his bigger build that should have also gave him a physical advantage over me. When I received my alpha training from the Unity provided council, he would help me on my homework and I, in return, would run with him. The runs usually ended up with me waiting ten minutes for him to finish his first mile.
I still remember how happy he looked when I offered him the head pack warrior spot. He looked so shocked, I thought he resembled a cartoon character. We went out to celebrate my twenty-first birthday as well as my alpha coronation and to celebrate Alpheus' position with the officers. Orion received the beta position from his father although his father had been temporary alpha when my parents died. The Gamma, Vekza, and the Delta, Ares, both pulled a prank on Alpheus to welcome him into the ring of officers.
I still remember it clearly.
The pack concentrates on me as I go up the steps shakily to give my farewell speech. I open my chapped lips and try to find my voice. The people look at me when I stand there, unable to speak.
The words just don't come out.
I have to be strong for my people. Crumpling up the prewritten note, I toss it aside and adjust the lapels on my black mourning suit. I know what I will say because it comes from my heart.
"Today we bury 178 brave pack members. 178 men and women who will never see their parents, their mates, their children again. 178 lives ruined by the selfishness of our own kin, our protectors." I slam my fist down on the podium, the tear welling up in my eyes.
"Is this fair? Is this right? Why do we have to endure this pain, when we have done nothing wrong! Why do we have to watch our love ones die and why do innocent have to be taken in the harshest way possible!
"My best friend, and our head pack warrior Alpheus, is gone because of those cruel human wastes. Our loved ones are buried under the cold winter ground and we can't bring them back!" By now the tears stream like rivers down my face, but I am not the only one. The pack members cry silently, some wailing while the grief pierces the air.
"Alpheus was kind. Alpheus was brave. Alpheus was intelligent. Alpheus was a great role model. Alpheus was someone's mate. Alpheus was someone's grandchild. Alpheus was someone's confidante. Alpheus was...my best friend."
Everyone falls silent again.
"But Alpheus wasn't the only one. All the other 177 deceased were of importance to another. Someone's mate. Someone's friend. Someone's father. Someone's sister."
The tension in the air is thick enough to slice with a knife.
"We thank you all for your service. Requisit in peacee." I finish off the speech in Darkis and give a final Orinus farewell to the deceased.	"Thank you for attending. You may leave."
I want to run out of here now with the others, but as the alpha I wait until the pack members slowly file out. Orion and Dawn are the last ones out along with Ares and Vekza. They give me a pat on the shoulder for reassurance and I give them a weak smile as if to tell them I am okay.	But I'm not okay.
I look up at the now cloudy sky. As the rain falls, they wash away my tears.Time to take a run.
Even runs will be lonely without Alpheus gone.