
Chapter 7
Acis
The war continues.	I stare out my window, looking at the massacre happening before my eyes. Brother killing brother-a bigger version of Cain and Abel. The war cannot be stopped. Abel, in the end, was the one to fall first.
Someone knocks.	"Come in."
Dawn enters timidly, looking at me for a while from the doorway. She steps inside completely and closes the door.
"Orion is looking for you. He says you shouldn't stay cooped up in your office all day."
I draw the curtains, making the room completely dark. "Tell him to bug off."
Dawn walks up to me and puts a comforting hand on my shoulder. "You know, what you did wasn't right, no it was very wrong, but you can't let that affect you like this. You have a nation to be leading, a pack to rule. The people are extremely weak right now. Don't make it worse."
I think for a moment, letting the words seep in. I remember the betrayed looks on the faces of my people when they realized I had taken their luna away from them.
"You screwed up."
I breathe out, the cold air making my breath fog up. "I know."
Orion doesn't look at me. "
Why'd you do it?"
I stall. No one knows except for Baucis, Philemon, and Alpheus. The elderly couple swore to the goddess that they wouldn't tell anyone, and Alpheus literally took his promise to the grave.	"
The people really pity you, you know."
I turn to look at him. "They don't hate me?"
He laughs. "They could never hate you. Sure, they were shocked at first, that the perfect alpha like you would reject his mate. But they know how well you've led the pack for the last four years, and they really respect you and your choices for that. No matter what, they all love you."
But I know that they are so disappointed at me. Their faces, their faces said it all. The moment I woke up in the pack hospital crowded by all the people, their eyes showed a deep sorrow that was caused because of me. All because of me.
"Dawn, what have I done?" My voice cracks and at that moment I know that nothing will ever be the same.
My cousin embraces me and strokes my hair. "You must have had a reason. I don't blame you for anything, but it would be best to go meet Orion right now."
I nod, pulling away. "Alright."
She leaves, closing the door behind her. I sigh and slump onto the top of my cluttered desk. For a moment, I sit for a while, but suddenly the most excruciating pain I've ever felt pierces through my head. I groan and clutch my skull.
This is it. I'm going to die for what I did.
I hear a couple of people groaning, and the door to my my office slamming open. Orion stumbles in, clutching his skull like I am, except I have dropped to the ground in pain.
"Why is the whole pack getting migraines, Acis?"
I groan. "I don't know."
"Are you..." he hesitates. "Is the canis loccos kicking in?"
No, my wolf can't be going crazy yet. She hasn't accepted the rejection.	I reply in Darkis. "Se nu exxep rejek." She hasn't accepted the rejection.