
Chapter 1
Acis
The lights flash across the dimly lit evening sky. Snarls, growls, shrieks fill the air along with the metallic scent of blood. Blood of my enemy. Blood of my kin. The truth is harsh and brutal– an excuse for more. The bloodlust in their eyes. Left and right men and women fall, slain by these rugged rogues, trying to protect their family and nation. The Lupis Nation that has provided for them since the founding several centuries ago. But it all comes crumbling down as hysteria comes forth from the panicky soldiers. The look of fear in their eyes as they take their last breath. The hope.
It wasn't always like this. It wasn't always so painful. There was once a time when the seven nations lived in peace and prosperity. Each nation would uphold their duty and they would provide for each other, helping out when one of the nations faced crisis. The strongest nation, Jagred. Responsible for the materials that were used to build houses and shelters. The foundations, the plaster, the paint all came from Jagred. Next, Arec, the peaceful farmers. Grain, fruits, vegetables, all came from the friendly Arecians. And then my nation, Lupis. The biggest supplier of anything electronic, including vehicles. We transported materials across the land mass. Unity, the governing body. They provided us with troops and peace. The biggest nation. Then came the small twin nations, Calei and Culon. One a group of shepherds, the others water-loving fishers. Last but not least, the entertaining but brilliant Erucus. When they were not mixing chemicals and making medicine, they were acting and jesting and singing. JALUCCE was the result of a son of our goddess. Jalucce taught us to live in unity and peace. Jalucce told us to never forget that we were one, like the letters that formed his name. But now Jalucce was being failed, by his favorite nation: Unity. The only nation bigger than us, although not the strongest. They thought that their favored state made them powerful. They thought it made them better. Already having captured the Caleians and Culons beforehand due to their powerless state, Unity went on conquering the Arecians and the Erucusans. With only two more nations left, my men and I stand facing the vicious backstabbers at this moment.
A knife whizzes by my ear. Luckily my heightened senses allow me to dodge. Unluckily a comrade falls behind me.
Facing forward again, I tumble into an unsuspecting enemy, who falls into a ditch and cracks his neck. I look away as he bleeds out, with eyes glazed over.
But there is no time to stand around and sulk, because a bullet grazes my arm as the whole pack howls in pain. I mentally scold myself, the pack can feel all of the alpha's pains. Grabbing a man's head, I throw him into another man, both dressed in the disgustingly pristine white uniforms of the Unity. Soon enough a scarlet stain blossoms across the clothes of my enemy.
My beta, Orion snarls at a sallow man before sinking his claws into his chest. The man lets out an ear piercing shriek before falling.
Besides Orion, his mate Dawn cracks the back of a man who, from what I see, comes from the southern region according to his dark skin tone. He must have been one of the people who immigrated in order to join the troops.
My head pack warrior, Alpheus, screams as his stomach is ripped out. My heart drops and I cringe. The wolves howl to mourn the loss of an officer. His almond eyes drift closed and his matted, straight black hair limply cover them. I send a quick prayer to our Omnipotens Luna dea, hoping that I do not lose another close friend.	I rip out my great-grandfather's handmade dagger and swipe it across the thigh of a man who looks like what the old humans would have called: Italian. Now he is more like: Italisdead.
I snicker at my little joke and duck as a crazy looking brunette hurdles over a rock to charge at me. A glance tells me she isn't my type, so it is easier to finish her off.	We may be significantly weaker than Unity, but they underestimated us and did not bring backup. As their soldiers dwindle down in number, their commander shifts and growls at us, howling for the rest of his men to retreat.	Just to make sure, I dash toward a couple of men, who run away quickly with their tails tucked between their legs. The commander sulks but still runs nevertheless.