
Meet Zakura Miracle Kanzaki. Known 'Zack'. A famous sophomore student at Aura Vista High. Bossy, Diva, Quite Mean, and Beautiful. She is a head-turner everytime she pass by.
Everyone thinks she's perfect. But they're wrong. She's not perfect. She's just like other normal girls. But she's an extra-ordinaire. She gets whatever she wants.
Everbody knows that she Is a very big bully at Aura High. She judges the person she sees even she only passes by. So people are also, mean to her. Unbeknownst, Some people Idolize her, and some hate her; despite her attitude and personality. She has a heart. Which people doesn't know.
The reason why was she mean? People started hating her because of envy. They envy her because the attention is always with her. They envy her because her parents treat her as a Princess; every girl's dream. She has a beautiful heart.
She was well fed by her parent's love and care. Together with loving cousins. Though, the only thing she hates about her self is, she doesn't have a real friend. Some girls are trying to be friends with her because she is famous.
They use her so they can have the fame they really wanted to have right now. She hated people using her. She hated people envying her for fame.
One day, she met Michelle Sakura Chanou. A Korean beauty. She first lived in Seoul, South Korea, her parents were dead since she was in first grade. So, her Grandparents took much care of her, because her mom, was the only girl in her family.
Same as her Father, she was tooken care the most; despite her cousins. The day she turned 11, she and one of her aunt, Maria Chanou, from father side, suggested that she should study what major she wants.
She wanted to be a Doctor of Medicine, that is why she loves Biology. She told her aunt, what she loves, and her aunt declqred that she will be studying in Manhattan, New York. Really far from her hometown.
Everyone from both of the family agreed. She came to New York, August 24. The day she found her new school. And the day she met Zakura. They became really close friends. From then, they became best friends.
July 16, when Zakura introduced Michelle to study at Aura High. Since she was 12 that day, her aunt has bid goodbye to her, but, Aunt Maria, allowed Zakura's parents to take care of her since they are very close friends.
From then on, Zakura's Mom, Miracle Kanzaki, took care of Michelle like her second daughter; she also admitted that she wanted another daughter; so she took good care of the best friends.
When Michelle turned 15, she asked her grandmother to get her own house, a new house, so Michelle could be a independent girl as she always wanted to be. Her grandmother agreed seeing that Michelle is a very responsible child.
She lives alone but she lives merrily, happily, joyfully, and thankfully. Though, problems trouble her, but having a bestfriend of hers, is the best thing she had in her life, that Zakura is always with her.
Zakura's parents never forget Michelle, they ask if she has problems, and questions about life. They give her advices together with a bestfriend supporting her.
She lived a happy life with her books, her addictions, interest, guardians, and a perfect girl beside her that she calls, "Best Friend". Zakura, was very lucky, hence, she met a girl with a smart mind, beautiful soul, and a nice heart.
Michelle is a very hard-working girl. She is on the top of the class. And her major is Biology, of couse. She is the Class President, and the School's 'Fashionista Geek'. Know why? She has the Style. Every nerd idolizes her. I mean, Every Nerd.
One day, a guy, named Dallin started going to Aura Vista High. Michelle was very grateful. She started liking Dallin. She told her bestfriend, her guardians, and her grandparents. Though, they made sure that Michelle is really sure about this guy. All of them.