

Luke's P.O.V
"Can you see them?" Ashton asked us as millions of people piled out from the boarding gates.
"Nope," Calum replied as we stood behind a barrier away from any fans.
"THERE THEY ARE!" Michael said pointing to four girls. Three of them were carrying guitar cases and one of them was simply twirling a drum stick in her hand as three security guards carried their bags behind them.
"Hey guys!" Ash called waving at them.

Melody's P.O.V
I looked up to see Ashton waving at us. I couldn't believe it was them. These guys were my idols and now they want me and my friends to support them in their shows, its honestly so unbelievable. Addie, Camron, Sky and I quickly made our way over to the boys which were standing behind a barrier with their security. Probably to protect themselves from fans.
"Hey guys!" I said scanning them and sure enough there standing was Ash wearing those nerdy glasses only his hair is way longer now. I saw Calum and his blond streaks in his hair were amazing but nothing compared to Michael. Right now Michaels hair is blue and white but tomorrow when I wake up, who knows what colour it will be. Then I see Luke with his striking blue eyes and when he smiles those stupid dimples pop up out of no where, I cant believe how lucky I've become to be able to work with these guys.
"I'm Camron, that's Sky, that's Addie and that's Melody" Camron pointed out as I snapped out of my thoughts.
"Well, you probably already know but I'm Calum, that dork is Luke, that rainbow freak is Michael and that dude is Ashton," Cal chuckled.
"Hey? How am I the dork?" Luke complained making Calum laugh.
"We don't have time for #Cake guys," Michael smiled.
"Michaels right though we have to go and get you girls settled in," Ash told us
We all nodded and continued on our way having to stop a few times for fans to take pictures which I expected.
"Here you go," Luke smiled as he opened the door to their black van for me.
"Thanks Luke,"  I smiled back jumping into the van with the others with Luke following and sitting next to me.
"So...Melody right?" He awkwardly asked as we started to drive away from the airport.
"Yeah, but you can call me Mel," I told him.
"You can call me Luke," he said cheekily.
"Is the guitar case covered with the band stickers yours?" he said raising his eye brow making me laugh.
"Yeah, I'm pretty obsessed with music. I love my guitar, I play the lead guitar in my band,"
"Maybe we could have a jam session together sometime," he smirked.
"Maybe," I replied before we pulled up.


------------------------------------------------------
Hi guys, I hope you enjoyed chapter 1! Feed back please? Tysm! xx




