
{Lily's p.o.v.}I got to class and sat in my seat in the way back of the class. I'm in all honor classes so Jenna's not in any of my classes so that's good I guess, but the others are. Calum's in my history class , Luke math , Michael biology and Ashton is in my music class. I'm currently in home room which is history.
The teacher starts talking but in not really paying attention. I mean I like history but it's just the teacher , Mrs.Al is so annoying and boring. I look around the class and notice Calum still isn't there. Weird he never skips , I know he's popular and all but he just never has. At least not this class.    {10 mins later}I'm working on a work sheet when I hear Mrs. Al say "You're late Mr.Hood." I look up and see Calum. "REALLY?! I didn't notice!" Calum says rolling his eyes. " Sit down Mr.Hood don't cause a sene." She said. Calum walks to his seat mumbling " you started the sene bitch." Mrs . Al didn't hear of course, she was too busy reading her magazine.    "Hey slut" Calum says as he walks by me. Of course they wouldn't leave me alone what was I thinking!? I'm so fucking stupid! UGH!{Class over lunch}  I walk in the cafeteria and everyone looks at me. Some laugh , glare , comment things like "slut", "nerd","fucking weirdo","fat ass why do you need food?!". I go into line for food but just get some water and walk into the halls. No one knows but every lunch I spend in the music room. I don't know why, I guess music helps me I don't really know.   I enter the music room and go straight to the piano. I start to play Trouble a song I wrote.  (A/N O DIDNT REALLY WRITE IT DUH LOL- ITS BY HALSEY----AND THE VIDEO IS THE SONG SO PLAY SONG NOW!) I start to sing
"Would you bleed for me?      Lick it off my lips like you needed me?          Would you sit me on a couch?               With your fingers in my mouth?         You look so cool when you're reading me.
Let's cause a little trouble.       Oh, you make me feel so weak.   I bet you kiss your knuckles.   Right before they touch my cheek.
But I've got my mind, made up this time.     Cause there's a menace in my bed.   Can you see his silhouette? Can you see his silhouette? Can you see his silhouette?
And I've got my mind, made up this time.     Go on and light a cigarette, set a fire in my head.      Set a fire in my head, tonight.
Would you lie for me?     Cross your sorry heart and hope to die for me?          Would you pin me to a wall?     Would you beg or would you crawl?    Stick a needle in your hungry eyes for me?
Let's cause a little trouble.   Oh, you make me feel so weak.         I bet you kiss your knuckles.   Right before they touch my cheek.
But I've got my mind, made up this time.Cause there's a menace in my bed.  Can you see his silhouette? Can you see his silhouette?Can you see his silhouette?
And I've got my mind, made up this time.Go on and light a cigarette, set a fire in my head.Set a fire in my head, tonight.
Don't forget me, don't forget me.I wouldn't leave you if you'd let me.Hmm, when you met me when you met me.You told me you were gonna get me.
Don't forget me don't forget me.I wouldn't leave you if you'd...
And I've got my mind, made up this time.Cause there's a menace in my bed.Can you see his silhouette?Can you see his silhouette?Can you see his silhouette?
And I've got my mind, made up this time.Go on and light a cigarette, set a fire in my head.Set a fire in my head tonight, tonight, tonight.Set a fire in my head tonight."
I finish and realize I'm crying, but I also realize.....