
{Lily's p.o.v. Monday morning}I'm currently being rudely awoken but my annoying alarm clock. I really don't want to go to school today or ever really. I look at the time. 6:00am!!!But I force myself to get up. I slowly start to walk downstairs. "Morning Lil" Lexi greeted being all smiley. She always makes me smile when she's happy. "Morning Lex " I said back grabbing a granola bar and eating it on my way back upstairs.
I finish and start the shower but before I go in I put my favorites playlist on. Singing (aka screaming) every note of In Bloom by Nirvana " SELL THE KIDS FOR FOOD WEATHER CHANGES MOODS SPRING IS HERE AGAIN REPRODUCTIVE GLANDS HES THE ONE WHO LIKES ALL THE PRETTY SONGS AND HE LIKES TO SING ALONG !!!!!"
I finish my concert in the shower and wrap a towel around my body and brush my teeth and hair and leave my wet but curly hair down. I go in my room and change into my back skinny jeans , my Green Day shirt , combat boots and a bunch of bracelets on my lest wrist to cover my scars.
I walk downstairs "bye Lily love you" my sister called just as I was about to walk out the door. " Bye love you lex "I yell back and close the door and start walking to school with my earphones in.
I get to the gates of my school and take my earphone out and walk in and go to my locker. I'm just about to have all my books when my locker is slammed closed. I didn't even flinch and you may think that's weird but I mean they do this everyday at the same time same place and do the same thing! I mean if you're going to bully me at least mix things up sometimes like god damn! " Hello little slut" Jenna says. I look behind he and the guys are there. What a surprise.(note my sarcasm). But I was in a bad mood today and I don't want to deal with her shit. " hello big slut" I say to Jenna. Holy shrines to what the fuck did I just do. Jenna looked surprised and posse sand the guys looked amused. "What did you just say to me !?" Jenna finally asked after about 2 minutes of staring at me in disbelief. I took a deep breath "Look Jenna I'm in a bad mood today so please leave me alone just for today?" I pleated alittle nicer. I really don't like being mean.
{Calums p.o.v.} HolyShit !Did that just happen?! "What did you just say to me?!" Jenna asked. Yep it happened it wasn't just me. Lily took a deep breath and said " Look Jenna I'm in a bad mood today so please leave me alone just for today?" Lily pleated . Wow she really doesn't like being mean does she? "Ashton"Jenna demanded. We all knew what she wanted and Ashton was gonna give her that until... HOLY SHIT! Lily just dogged him and twisted his are around is back! "Look I said please and don't fucking touch me" Lily said as she released Ashton. Jenna ran away of course but me and the guys just stood there staring at her as she opened her locker again to get her books. " holy SHIT " Michael yelled a little "damn" Luke breathed out " that was awesome " I said " says the people it didn't happen to" Ash sailed rubbing his arm " you know that really hurt " Ashton pouted at Lily. " Sorry but I'm pretty sure what you were gonna do was gonna hurt me worse than I hurt you! But I really am sorry BUT I did warn you soooo its your fault. Bye" Lily says as she leaves for home room just as the bell rings.  ]----------------------------------------------[Authors}Hi um this is my first story so go easy on me lol But I hope you like it so far Btw my name is Aleia and the photos in the beginning is me and that's also what Lily is supposed to look like soooo yeah <33333