
~Camilla~
"Cameron leave me alone, I whispered." My best friend Cameron Dallas since kindergarten was telling me these awful pick up lines."You and I are like buttcheeks. Although there's crap between us, we'll always stick together.""Oh my gosh," I face palmed laughing silently. I got out my notebook from my backpack that was on the floor and wrote down the notes that were on the board."Babe what are you doing?" Cameron said while poking me. "Cameron stop poking me before I kill you and make it look like a accident." "Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back."I bursted out laughing and then quickly closed it when Mr.Torres looked at us."Is there something you would like to share with the class miss.Cabello and mr.Dallas." We shook our heads no and she turned back around."Copy the notes off the board and get that smirk of your face before I slap it off." I said sternly"I think I might like that slap". He smirked playfully."Oh cállate idiota". I say laughing because he can't speak Spanish even though he takes that class. Before he could respond the bell for lunch rang. I grabbed my stuff and quickly walked out of class. I walked into the cafeteria and grabbed some chips and cookies from the vending machine."How do you have such a good body when you eat like a pig.""I'm just good like that" I said while winking We went outside and walked over to the table where our friends were sitting at."Hey Aria, Bea, Austin, and Nash."I looked at Bea and Austin and noticed they were sitting pretty close to each other. I shrugged it off and sat by Cam. "Babe feed me some chips" Cam whined"Cameron eres tan necesitados""All I got out of that was my name" he saidEveryone started laughing and I finally fed Cam some chips. The bell rang and Cam and I had gym. Cam grabbed my hand and drug me to gym."Cmon lets go to the locker room." He pulled open the door and kept dragging me to we reached our lockers. "Thanks Cam my arm hurts now" I whined. "I can make you hurt worse with this diiii-" "shut the freak up Cameron" I laughed. I grab my Change of clothes and went to put them on. When I came back Cam was already dressed. "I'll race you out". I scream while I took off before him. I made my way to the gym floor laughing because I cheated."I won, I won". I sang while during a happy dance. Cam came up behind me a pushed me down."Ow, you faggot". I got up and waited for coach to walk out."You two are cute together". Mya said while pointing at Cam and I. "Oh, no we are just friends nothing mo-""Nothing more babe ouch that hurts" Cameron said wrapping his arm around me."Oh my gosh you guys are my otp" Mya squelled"Mya and Jack get up here you're team captains." Coach Ed yelled."I choose Cameron and Camila" Mya said"Come on Cammy." I wrapped my arm around him an walked towards Mya. "Don't say that Camila." "Say what?" I smiled innocently. "Don't say Cammy it's my weakness and you know that." "I'm sorry Cammy." I laugh and lined up against the wall. "You're killing me Mila." I laugh and duck as a ball come flying towards me. " you know I hate this gam-" "Mya look out-" I yelled at her before a ball goes slamming into her face and she falls to the ground. I look up and see Aaliyah high fiving her sidekick Ana. "Mya are you okay?" "I'm perfectly fine now if you excuse me I'll like you beat her arse will quick. She took a dodge ball and started nailing people with it. I looked at her once everyone on the opposite team was out and high fived her.
+++
School was finally over and we could go home. "I'll seem you in like 10 minutes." Cam said getting into his truck. I pulled into my yard and got out and looked across the street to see cam just pulled into his house. I went inside my house and changed into some joggers and a t shirt."Honey I'm home." Cam screamed while coming inside. "I'm in the kitchen." I yelled back to him. "You're such a fatty""Besa mi culo, puta." I said while he looked at me like I had two heads."What the hell is that?" He asked scrunching up his face."Oh that, it's called Spanish." I said like it the most obvious thing in the world."Pff, I know that what does it mean exactly?""I'd rather not tell you, it's way funnier when you don't know." I said smirking"How do you know Spanish so well?" He asked"Well my dad is Colombian duh.""Ugh I'm a horrible best friend". "That you are Cammy" I grabbed my Cheetos and went back in the living room."Hey camz can you sing me a song?""Yeah, what song?" I shrugged my shoulders. "you sound perfect singing anything." I grabbed my guitar and light started strumming.