
Mary POVI talked to my best friend Skye about this situation for two hours. Her solution? Talking to Luke. As in Lucas Robert fucking Hemmings. The egotistical idiot who broke my heart. Was she high or something? Whatever. She claimed that talking to him would "fix my problems" because he's the only person who truly knows me. That is actually true though. I told Luke everything when I was little.
*Flashback to Fifth Grade*
"Come on Mary!" Lukey exclaimed excitedly. He was trying to get me on a roller coaster. Lukey didn't know about my anxiety attacks.
"Lukey," I said, my voice breaking. He realized something was wrong and ran back over to me.
"What is it?" He asked worriedly.
"I-I get anxiety at-attacks," I stuttered, barely getting the words out of my mouth.
"It's okay Mary. Breathe in and out. You can do this," he encouraged. I eyed the roller coaster. As scared as I was, I trusted Lukey with my life.
"I won't EVER let go of your hand, you hear me Mary?" He looked me in the eye intently. I sent him a half smile.
"Okay. Let's do this."
*End of Flashback*
Ever since then, I've never had another anxiety attack.
Luke POV
Lukey, don't do this to me," Tiffany whined.
"First of all, never call me that ever again and second, I thought you knew what you signed up for?" I yelled, frustrated. I was breaking up with Tiffany, at least trying to.
"Whatever douche. Good luck trying to get with a nerd and maintain your reputation," she smirked. That hurt.
"At least she's not a fake bitch who spends more money on makeup than her dad buying another Tesla," I sassed walking away. Thank god I'm free of that slut.
I got home around 8:00pm, exhausted. As I walked through the door, the familiar aroma of my mum's pasta immediately hit my nose.
I slammed the door shut.
"Lukey? You home?" My mum hollered.
"Yeah," I replied.
"Dinner's ready," she exclaimed.
It was really quiet at the dinner table.
"So how was your day, sweetie," my mum asked, trying to make conversation.
"Don't want to talk about it," I mumbled. That's when my dad spoke up. He put down his utensils and looked at me with concern.
"Lucas, listen up. You've changed ever since we moved back. I don't know what it is but you better get it together doon because I am NOT putting up with this for the whole year," he barked. He was right. I needed to change. Alright, tomorrow is Monday. New week. New start.
*The Next Day*
I was walking through the hall when someone stuck something in my pocket. The fuck? I checked my pocket and pulled out whatever was in it. It was a note from.... Mary? No. But it really was from her. I looked into the crowd of high schoolers to see if she was around. Sure enough, she was walking away towards Pre-Calc. She looked back suspiciously, clearly not exprcting me to be looking at her. Our eyes met for a split second, then she scurried off. Yup. It was from her. The note said we had to meet at Ruby's today after school at 4:00pm. Okay. This can be my chance for a new start.
I was impatiently waiting for the school day to end. Once the bell rang, I leaped out of my seat, grabbed some other books from my locker and headed home. I changed into a RVCA shirt and some joggers and drove over to Ruby's. I saw my ex-best friend waiting in the front of the diner. As soon as I got out of my car, I walked over to her.
"Hey," I simply said.
"Don't think I'm trying to hookup with you or something. We just need to talk," she said sternly.
"Ok," I said. Well, looks like I'll have to really work to get my girl back.
Hey guyys, what's up? Anyways, here's a short chapter for you. Nothing in my life really interesting rn so yeah. Enjoy!
-britade3