
Marian POV
*6 Years Later*
Geez, I can't believe its already three months until school ends! I've been waiting too long to get out of this hellhole they call middle school. And guess what? I get to go to another prison called high school! Yay!
Anyways, if you were wondering how Lukey and I are doing, I really don't know. Look here's how it all happened. For two years, Lukey had to move back to Australia because his grandma was dying from cancer. So I didn't have him in sixth or seventh grade. But when he came back for eigth grade, its like he changed. He was more distant, like he didn't want anyone to know he was friends with me. He kinda fits in with the "populars" and I'm just in the middle of our school's social heirarchy. It's complicated. Now whenever I try to talk to him he will always say "tell me later" or "sorry I gotta run". And it's always at school. When I'm walking Simba (my dog) and he happens to be outside, he'll at least wave. And the worst part is, I've had a crush on him every since second grade.
But something really bad happened today. I feel like not even going to school on Monday. So, I was going to ask Lukey if he wanted to come over for dinner tonight since my mom wanted to have dinner with the Hemmings'. This is how it went down.
At lunch, I spotted him walking towards the basketball courts and tried to catch up with him.
"Lukey! I need to ask you something!" I called out. I could see that he tilted his head down a bit to see who was calling it out, then he ignored me and kept walking. His friends who were right next to him turned around and started laughing.
"Luke dude, I think Farrows is trying to get some! AWWW YEAH!" said the Asian looking one. I think his name was Calum.
"She even called you Lukey!" laughed Michael.
"Do you talk to her?" asked Ashton. Lukey hesitated for a bit and glanced at me as if I were a bad piece of clothing.
"No dude, I don't even know why she's trying to talk to me. Slut," he said bitterly. They all laughed. This shattered my heart. Did eight damn years of knowing him not matter to him at all anymore. Did he really chose his friends whom he just met this year over his best friend of eight years? I guess he did. With tears in my eyes I ran away. I stayed in the girls' bathroom for the rest of lunch.
When I came home, I was a mess. I walked through the front door to see my mom washing dishes.
"Hi honey how was your- OH MY GOSH ARE YOU OKAY?"
"Don't bother calling Liz over tonight, Mom," I sighed.
"Why not? What happened?"
I explained everything to her. My mom was like my best friend. Most people are like "I hate my mom" or "My mom doesn't understand anything", but my mom does. And I appreciate that.
"I'm sorry Mary, should I talk to Liz about this?"
"No it's ok. I'm just going to ignore him at school. Forget about him totally," I said assuringly.
"That's my girl," my mom said, giving me a hug.
But the truth is, it's kind of impossible for me to forget about my first real love. To forget about my best friend. To forget about Lukey.
Hey lovelies, how are you doing? Anyways, the picture for this chapter is a picture of thirteen year old Shai so it was absolutely perf for this chapter. Hope you all have a wonderful day (or night)! See ya!                                             -britade3