
Marian POV
Ring!
Lunchtime! It's my first day in second grade and I get to sit next to my bestest friend in the whole wide world. Lucas Robert Hemmings is his full name, but I call him Lukey. He calls me-
"Mary!" That's it.
"Hi Lukey!"
"Hello Mary. I can't believe we sit next to each other for the WHOLE HONKING SCHOOL YEAR!" he exclaimed.
"I know. Its gonna be super fun!" I replied, just as excited as he is. As I start to take out my peanut butter and jelly sandwich (no crust), I see other boys throwing wads of paper at Lukey and laughing. Lukey looked sad. I went to see the paper and it was a drawing of a Lukey that said "funny talking nerd". I don't know why this got me so mad but it did. I went up to the boy who looked like the head of the "pack" and said," Hey loser, you think this is funny?" I said through gritted teeth.
"Aw look. Nerdy has his girlfriend stick up for him," the boy laughed. Everyone else in the group did too. I punched him square in the tooth so hard, two of his teeth fell out.
*whistle blow*
I see a teacher walking towards us.
"Marian! Dan! To the principal's office NOW!" She screamed. Oh. So that's Poohead's name.
When we were in the office, the principal asked us to explain what happened and we both told the truth. She only gave us a warning since we were both at fault.
Ring!
End of school YAY! Lukey and I walk home since we only live down the street.
"Mary?"
"Yeah?"
"Thank you for standing up to Dan for me. It really meant a lot," his cheeks got red.
"Aww Lukey! It's ok! That's what best friends are for. I know we are only eight years old but we are gonna be best best best best friends forever!" I said. He laughed.
"I have to eat dinner first but afterwards, do you want to meet at our place?" He asked.
"Sure! My side or yours?" I asked.
"Mine please!" He begged.
"Oh alright silly goose," I rolled my eyes.
After eating dinner I quickly went to my backyard to meet Lukey.
"Where are you going, Mary?" Mommy asked.
"Lukey and me are going to play!" I said.
"Where?"
"It's our special place," I smiled.
Our special place was either mine or his treehouse. We both had treehouses im our backyard but ours is special because since we're neighbors, we have a bridge going to each other's treehouses.
I went to his side and found him with FOOD YESSS!!!!!
"It's Game and Food Night!!! I brought both our Nintendo DS' and popcorn and gummy bears!" He said.
"Perfect!"
Okay so hey everyone! This is my third fic I've ever written let's all hope and pray it turns out ok. Amen. Anyway, if you haven't read my NYC short story and/or my Calum Hood fic then you can check that out! Ummm, I don't really want to have like "schedules" for when to update because I'm just to lazy to function 95% of the time so I'll try my best. Anyway enjoy!                                                  With <3,                                                         britade3