
Mary POV
I was in the shower when I heard a knock on my door.
"Mary, Tanner is waiting for you downstairs once you get out of the shower!" she yelled from outside the bathroom.
"Ok!" I yelled back.
After I dried up and put some clothes on, I ran downstairs, excited to see Tanner.
"Hey," I exclaimed. My face dropped when I saw my boyfriend with tears in his eyes. "Is everything alright Tan?" I asked, kind of nervous, sitting next to him. There was a long pause before he spoke up.
"So uh, my mom, kind of found a good paying job in, uh well, London. And we leave tomorrow. I really mean't to tell you sooner but I couldn't find the courage to do so. I think we should just take a break while I'm gone and figure things out later when I come ba-" What? This angered me. I cut him off.
"When you come back Tanner? From what it sounds like, if your mom likes her job, I don't think you'll be coming back anytime soon!" I yelled, enraged, with tears flooding down my face like waterfalls. He thinks moving to London isn't a big deal? It's practically a permanent vacation!
"But-" he tried to say.
"Get out," I said, with no tone in my voice.
"Mary-"
" I SAID GET OUT!"
Tanner ran out the door and stopped in the middle of the street. He turned around and mouthed "I'm sorry" not too long before getting hit by a car.
"TANNER!" I yelled running to him. The driver turned around and drove away. Dammit! I couldn't get the license plate. I immediately called 911 and they rushed him to the hospital.
----------------------------------------------
It's been four long hours until the doctor came out of Tanner's room.
"Hello, my name is Dr. Leong. It looks like Tanner is in a coma. It really is unpredictable as to when he'll wale up. There is a slight chance that he may wake up with amnesia. But of course, only time can tell. I forgot to ask you, what is your relation to the patient?" she asked. It was little things like this that made my heart sink.
"I- I'm his girlfriend," I managed.
"Ok well, if it's possible to contact Tanner's guardian or any family member that would be great," she half-smiled.
I called up Mrs. Williams and let me tell you, she was enraged. Within five minutes she burst through the elevator and rushed over into Tanner's room. I'm not allowed in since I'm not family. She gave me a death glare as she walked in. Damn lady, what the hell did I do? I texted my mom explaining the whole situation to her. She works at another hospital so she didn't have time to drop by and stay with me.
Out walked a quite distressed Mrs. Williams. The next thing that happened was so unexpected I stopd there in shock for a good five seconds. She slapped me. What the actual-?
"You dragged my son into all of this. God, I should've never let him ask you out. Once Tanner wakes up, your breaking up with him. I don't care if you think you "love him" but I'm making you break up with him. Because once he wakes up, we're moving back to London," she spat harshly. I was speechless as she turned on her heel and starts walking towards the elevator. She turns around.
"Oh and also, slut? You better save up some money because you're paying for his medical bill," she smirked. Geez what a bitch!
This whole situation was freaking exhausting. I needed to go home. So with that, I left the hospital at 12:57 in the morning still not knowing what to do about all this.