
Mary POV
Well this is awkward. We're sitting in a booth facing each other, not really saying anything.
"So, what did you need to talk to me about," Luke asked, in a beautiful, husky voice. Ugh, stop it Mary, you have Tan- wait. Nevermind.
"Look, I have a lot going on right now, and I talked to my best friend Skye, asking her what I should do. She suggested talking to you since we have a "past". Not like you're going to recall any of it but whatever," I started off.
"Ok? Where is this going exactly?" He asked, still a bit confused. I explained everything to him, Tanner telling me he's leaving, the car accident, Tanner's mom bashing out on me.....
Surprisingly, he wasn't the usual douche Luke he was at school. It's like, he was trying to hold himself back from his "school attitude" coming out. I don't know it was weird. I felt like he was actually listening to me. Maybe his whole reputation at school is just a facade? No. No, no, no. I need to stop this. I can't keep thinking that Luke is a half-decent guy. I can't forget what he did to me.
Just when our little meeting was about to end, Calum, Mikey, Ashton, and the Queen Bitch herself Tiffany walked in. She sent me an evil smirk once she saw me. But that little smirk went away right when she saw the blue-eyed blondie sitting across from me. It changed from confusion to anger in a matter of seconds. The group walked over to our table.
"Is Lukey-Poo on a date with Little Miss Mary?" teased Calum. That son of a bitch.
Then, unexpectedly, Luke wraps his arm around my waist and kisses me on the cheek. The fuck? I will admit I enjoyed that, but still. The fuck?
"Yeah, you lads got a problem with that?" smiled Luke, acting all innocent. The four of them all looked utterly confused.
"What game are you playing at bro?" asked Mikey, thinking this was all a joke. Was it?
"I'm not playing at any game, Mikey. I'm getting my best friend back," smiled Luke, once again. Okay, this kid is either drunk, high, or just flat out stupid.
Of course, they all laughed at him. I just awkwardly stood there not really knowing what to do.
"Now if you don't mind, I'm gonna take Mary home," Luke said, linking our arms together. We stayed like that until we got outside the door, and I let go of his arm.
"What was that all about?" I asked, still in shock and confused.
"I'm being a-"
"Look, I don't know what you're trying to do, but if you're trying to get all buddy buddy with me, that ain't happening," I sassed. "And you don't need to take me home thank you very much, my Mom is picking me up," I stated in a stern voice. He smirked once again. Dammit his lip ring makes him look so hot!
"I don't think so," he replied, in a singsong voice, glancing at my phone in my hand. I looked down to see that I got a notification.
Mom: I am so sorry hon! Can you find a ride home from the diner? The hospital just called in, emergency. I'll see you when I get home love!
Really? She just had to have an emergency call-in?
"Ugh, you win Hemmings. But just this once," I sneered. Trying to keep up my "i don't give a fuck about you" message. He tried that thing where you swing your key around your finger and catch it, but he miserably failed and dropped it. I couldn't help but laugh my ass off at this.
"Still as clumsy and awkward as always," I self-consciously muttered. Shit. Did I say that aloud?
"What was that, Farrows?"
"Nothing," I slouched, knowing he had won this argument. I unwillingly got into the car.
Yoooo, wazzap. Anyways, we still have like two weeks of school left and finals finals finals! So i might not update till school ends but yeah. Thanks for reading I love you all!
-britade3