
WARNING: LOTS OF PROFANITY AND SENSUAL LANGUAGE
Luke POV
I swear this girl will be the death of me. I can honestly watch her do nothing for hours and not be bored. She's still as quirky, sassy, beautiful, cute, nerdy, clever, and amazing as she was when I first met her. The only thing is, I'm positive she doesn't like me back. I think she made that pretty clear. But I'm not giving up. She loved me once, she can love me again. I know this is going to sound really self-absorbed, but I've never met a girl who doesn't like me. I mean, I'm not saying that every girl I meet is all over me, it's just that people tend to see me as a likeable person.
Green Day was currently playing on the radio, and I couldn't help but notice Mary bobbing her head and mouthing the words. Any girl that has a good taste in music is a real turn-on. I can't be-
"LUKEY WATCH OUT!" Mary suddenly screamed, snapping me out of my daze. I immediately slammed my foot on the breaks. I almost drove through the intersection when the light was red. Oh great, here comes the storm (referring to Mary).
"WHAT THE HELL LUCAS! WATCH WHERE YOU'RE GOING! WHAT COULD BE SO DISTRACTING THAT YOU COULDN'T KEEP YOUR EYES ON THE DAMN ROAD?" she yelled, enraged. Well, you see Mary, it was your damn body that distracted me from the damn road.
"Uh... Sorry?" I managed.
"Oh my lord, this kid needs help," she sighed, resting her head in her hand. That was hot. Oh shit. Fuck no not right now. I glance down at my crotch to assure myself that my penis did actually become a rock. Sure enough. Dammit Mary! Of course she saw me looking down at my lap and saw what I was looking at. Shit shit shit shit shit shit holy mother fucking shit. She blushed and stared at the window pretending to not see what she just saw. God fucking dammit why were erections even invented? It's not like you see a girl's vag blow up under her pants whenever she's turned on! Ugghhh I hate my life right now.
After what seemed like forever, we finally arrived at her house.
"Uh here you are," I mumbled.
"Thanks," she sighed.
"Uh, sorry for, err, everything," I said, not only referring to almost getting into a car crash.
"Ok," she forcefully shut the door. I watched her as she got into her house. Why do you do this to me Mary?
Ok guys. Hey. I am so sorry if you felt uncomfortable reading this; imagine how I felt writing it. Bleh. Anyways, sorry for the filler chapter. Also, please read my other story I'm starting on called "Forget the World". See ya!
-britade3