
Ok, author's note will be in the beginning for this chappie. Anyways, the pic for this chapter had nothing to do with the story I just wanted to put it up because right now is kind of really stressful for me. But, I hope you all have a wonderful day or night, enjoy this chapter. -britade3
Luke POV
*Three Months Later*I barely got any sleep at all ever since the Mary incident. Mary's face is practically all I see. Her smooth lips, her auburn hair that always fell loose out of her ponytail, everything about her is making me crazy. I've had little one-week crushes throughout the years but I've always truly loved Mary.What she didn't know is that I'm leaving to live back in Australia, again, because of family. I hated to do this to her but it's not like we even talk to each other anymore, right? Should I even tell her that I'm leaving?
Mary POV
HELL YEAH BITCHES LAST DAY OF SCHOOL! When I get home, I will jump into my onesies, make chocolate covered strawberries, and watch Netflix. I jumped up from my seat as that oh so lovely bell released me from this prison. As I walked off campus I stuck my middle finger up in the air and did a little Irish kick. A few kids walking on the other side of the street applaused. Thank you, thank you kids.
I reached my house and found a note on my doorstep. I picked it up and read it. No, it can't be.....
Mary,I'm sorry I have to do this to you, again. My mum is having us move back to Sydney because she thinks I'm too busy moping around over you that I'm not focusing enough on school. I'm so sorry I never wanted any of this to happen. I know we barely talk anymore, and you probably hate my guts, but I just want to let you know that I love you. Keep this, as much as you want to toss it in the trash, keep it. I want this to be a reminder for you. To remind you that your not worthless. That someone in the world will always love you. Me. Please, don't you ever forget that.
Love,                                              Your Lukey x
I was speechless. How am I supposed to feel about this? No. He just wants me to feel pity. If he really loved me he wouldn't do what he did three months ago. He doesn't see how much he hurt me.