
Mary POV
3 Years Later
Kill. Me. Now. I am loaded with Pre-Calc homework, my mom is never at home because she's always at the hospital (she's a nurse), and Lukey came back. To America. After what, two years? I am currently a junior in high school right now and it was our literally only our second month of school. Lukey came about two weeks ago, and can I just say, he is fucking hot. Like hot. I doubt he still loves me. Even though he only came two weeks ago, he is already Mr. Popular and hangs out with the sluts and the jocks. And then there's me. I'm just there, not noticed but not ignored. At least not unnoticed enough for people to find me unattractive. I've been with my boyfriend for about four months now. His name is Tanner and he is such a sweetheart. Even though Lukey, no, Luke is hot, his personality sucks ass. I don't know why guys think that they can flirt with girls by being assholes. But Tanner is literally the first guy I met who didn't care about what other people think of him. And that's why I love him so much.
Someone tickled my sides and I jumped and screamed. I turn around to find my amazing boyfriend smirking at me.
"Hey Mary," he said, still smirking.
"Hey Tanner," I say rolling my eyes and giving him a peck on the cheek.
"So, are you free tonight?" He asked, rocking back and forth on the heels of his feet. I have so much homework but I barely go on dates with Tanner. One time couldn't hurt, I guess.
"Sure," I smiled. His eyes widened in excitement.
"Pick you up at 8:00 , ok?"
"Ok."
Luke POV
She has a boyfriend. I don't know why this angered me so much. I mean, when I moved back here, I told myself I wouldn't love Mary anymore. That didn't work. She's so beautiful. I guess its time to move on. I need to find someone to move on with. Maybe if I make her jealous she'll come running back to me. I have the perfect plan.
OMG GUYS I AM SOO SORRY FOR SUCH A SHORT AND CRAPPY UPDATE. Writer's block sucks. Anyways, the pic at the top is supposed to be Tanner. Yeah I know, I'm sorry, I had to because I mean ANSEL AND SHAILENE LIKE HOLY ok nvrmind. Anyways, enjoy lovelies!
britade3