
Luke POV
So I have a plan. First, I'm going to get with Tiffany, the school slut, and pretend to be her boyfriend. I'm not going to "ask Tiffany out" though because I know she likes me and I'm not one to meddle with others' feelings. Sure, now I act pretty cocky on the outside, but honestly, I'm still a softie. Anyways, I'll explain to Tiffany that I don't like her and that I'm trying to win Mary back. I know this will be hard but I've been told that I'm a pretty persuasive person. Then, I'll do a bunch of couple-y things with Tiffany in front of Mary and see if she shows even a hint of jealousy. If she does, great. If not, keep trying Luke. Keep trying.
I know I just said that I'm not one to meddle with others' feelings, but isn't that what I'm doing to Mary? What kind of person am I turning into?
Mary POVSo I was at my locker today and I saw Luke rubbing noses with Tiffany? I thought he hated her! If I'm to be one hundred percent completely honest I won't deny that I felt a pang of jealousy. Oh what am I saying. I have Tanner. The only reason Luke has an effect on me is probably because he's something from my past. But that's the thing he's a figure from my past. He was my life, now I have Tanner.
Tanner's POV
I can't tell her. I don't know how to. I can't watch her beautiful smiling face drop to a frown with tears in her eyes. When I met Mary she made me feel like someone in the world actually loved me. That someone cared about me. Now I'm leaving that source of hope. The thing that really hurts me is what happened to Mary in the past. She told me how her best friend/crush left her because he had to move back to Australia or something and he only left a note on her doorstep. That means I can only do one thing, face her. If I were to just leave her a note or just text her, I wouldn't be much different from her long lost buddy would I?
I have to move to London because my mom found a job there with really good pay compared to what she gets now. Let's just say we aren't the richest family. Well if you can even call us a family. My dad left us when I was three and my brother, well he died in a car crash three years ago.
I just don't know how I'm going to do it.
~Three Days Later~
Now I was sitting on Mary's couch about to confront her about this. I guess she was taking a shower right now and the longer I waited, the more nervous I got. I don't know how to do this.
"Hey," she said in her cheery voice. I saw her coming down the stairs looking all beautiful in just jeans and a T-shirt and tears started forming in my eyes. I saw her expression drop.
"Is everything alright Tan?" she asked hurrying over and sitting next to me.
"So, uh, my mom, kind of found a good paying job in, uhm well , uh, London. And we leave tomorrow. I really meant to tell you sooner but I couldn't find the courage to do so. I think we should just take a break while I'm gone and figure things out later when I come ba-"
"When you come back Tanner? From what it sounds like, if your mom likes her job, I don't think you'll be coming back anytime soon!" She yelled tears already flowing from her eyes.
"But-" I tried to say.
"Get out," she said bluntly.
"Mary-"
"I SAID GET OUT!"
I ran out the door and turned around one last time. She was standing in the doorway.
"I'm sorry," I mouthed, not realizing that I was standing in the middle of the street and that I just got hit by a car.
BAM! Cliffhanger! Sorry I yaven't updated in awhile but I hope you guys like this chapter! Have a lovely Mother's Day with the woman who raised you to be such an amazing person. I love you all for sticking with my story. Have a great day lovelies!
-britade3