
Sharha and I both turned as we heard a noise from the wall furthest from us. "Huh?" Shahra gasped.
Suddenly, from a pot, appeared none other than Dr. Eggman. I never would have mistaken him for anyone else. "Dr. Eggman!" I shouted. "What are you doing here? I knew this was another one of your schemes!"
"What are you talking about?" Dr. Eggman replied. "I am Shahryar, king of this land!"
"Eggman, what are you up to this time?" I repeated, walking towards him.
Shahra appeared next to Dr. Eggman to defend him. "Sonic, wait! You making a mistake. This is him, King Shahryar!"
I was kind of shocked. "Really?"
"Such insolence!" King Shahryar yelled. "Guards! Seize this spiky blue thing at once!"
No one came out from anywhere to take me away. "Where are your men, Your Highness?" Shahra asked, returning to my side.
The king sighed. "That's right. When the evil spirits came, appearing out of nowhere, everyone turned and ran. I was stuck having to hide in that jar."
"When-" Shahra started to say something, but before she could finish, the largest bird I'd ever seen came and snatched up the king. The Erazor Djinn was riding on its back.
"Well, well." I said, staring as the Erazor Djinn rode off. "Guess that means its time for some action."
Shahra quickly retreated back into the ring, and I started to follow the bird. It had a really big shadow, so it wouldn't be hard to lose it. It looked kind of... like a pterodactyl. It had the big, bat like wings and the egg shaped head.
I ran through the cities and across rivers again, trying not to cause more damage than the spirits had already caused. There were barely any people around, so I didn't have to worry about them. Unless, of course, they needed help.
I heard a cry in one of the streets of a city, and I saw someone being harassed by a couple of spirits, cornering him by two buildings. I immediately jumped on them, letting them disintegrate or whatever they did when they 'died'.
"Thank you!" the person said. I blinked when I stood up. "I thought I was done for."
I looked down at the flame for just a second. Maybe it was sapping my strength and I was seeing people differently. I scratched my head. "Tails? What are you doing here, too?"
He just looked confused. "... Tails? M-my name is Ali Baba."
'Ali Baba' looked just like Tails, only he was wearing a turban and the same kind of funky Arabian clothes with the same color scheme as everyone else. "Come on, Tails, I know it's you!" I replied.
Shahra suddenly came out of the ring, facing Ali Baba with a look of genuine kindness. "I'm very sorry. He seems to have mistaken you for someone else."
"Oh, it's okay." Tails replied. "I'm still very grateful that you saved my life! I might not be very strong, but I've got some tricks up my sleeve." he paused for just a moment. "If you ever need anything in return, it would be the least I could do in order to repay you."
"Thank you." Shahra replied, even though I had my mouth open to do so. She started to fly away, so I got the message that it was time to go. She was eager to save King Shahryar. "If anything comes up, we'll be sure to call you."
I started to jog away next to her, staring back at Ali Baba. Maybe I was just wrong about them. Either way, for some reason, I was off to save someone who looked just like Eggman.