
The inside of the book was filled with a path of blank pages. I had expected... well, a thousand nights in Arabia. Now that I think about it, that doesn't make much sense, but neither did a bunch of random blank pages. As we appeared inside, There  were words floating all over, as if they were being burned away like I had seen before. "The whole book doesn't look like this, does it?" I asked Shahra. I jumped off the magic carpet, and it disappeared in a sparkly cloud.
"No." Shahra was floating beside me, her hands in front of one another. "Since this is the beginning of the book, we must find a way to get through this part quickly."
I smirked. "Well, I am the legendary blue hedgehog, aren't I? How fast can you fly?"
"I only need to be in the ring." she replied. "From there I can speak to you."
"I'll get lonely!" I folded my arms and turned slightly away.
"I..." She stared at me for a few seconds, as if she was in shock. "I suppose I can try..."
"If the going gets rough, I'll let you back in." I winked. "Don't make me wish for it!"
She nodded and smiled weakly. "We need to travel along this path until we come to the first story that Erazor Djinn hasn't gotten to. Once we get there... We will need to find the Erazor Djinn."
"Sounds like you've already made a plan. Let's go!" I started to run, making sure she could keep up with my speed. I ran faster and faster, keeping an eye on her periodically. She kept up fine, but she was a genie; it probably shouldn't have been surprising that she was nearly as fast as I was.
The world seemed to liven up just a bit as we got closer and closer to wherever we were going. There were still pages that I had to run on instead of actual ground, but more and more words appeared; some were burning, and some were normal, Arabic inscriptions. I wondered how many dead stories I had run through. Any that I had read, I had forgotten; and that wasn't just because I was half asleep when I had read them. I actually had forgotten them. Hopefully, once the stories came back, everyone would remember them, and the book would go back to normal.
I looked over at Shahra. Her eyes had a hint of purple in them, but more than that, they burned with determination. It was obvious how badly she wanted to restore this book. I couldn't help but wonder what story she came from.
"Sonic!" Shahra suddenly screamed. "Something's appearing!"
"What? What? What happened?" I was looking around wildly trying to figure out what was going on.
She was pointing to something in front of her. "The Erazor Djinn... He's here!"
A purple field of some sort was emanating from the ground a bit in front of us, little wisps of purple waving up from it. I didn't have time to stop or slow down. In a split second something appeared, and as soon as it did, it waved a weird sword in front of it. I just barely avoided being cut in half by doing a sort of backflip, landing back next to Shahra. She looked surprised, like she hadn't expected it to appear. I hadn't realized it was him.
The Erazor Djinn was ugly.
His skin tone was purple and his hair was red-orange, for starters. His chest was bare, and he wore some wild cape. His pants were baggy or something, and his shoes had little tips on the ends of them. The whites of his eyes were also black, with red irises. What was with the color scheme here?
"Hey!" I shouted. "What was that all about? Talk about close shaves! Maybe you know where I can get my quills sharpened, too?"
"Sonic!" No one had seemed to care about what I had said. I looked up at Shahra. "That's him. That's the evil spirit striking the world from its pages!"