
In the distance, a jungle was making the way harder and harder to see. Coming closer and closer, I didn't expect what I saw. "Well..." I whistled, "this wasn't one of the thousand somethings I was expecting to see in the Arabian Nights..."
It looked like we were in an entirely new land, stepping from a time machine. I looked behind me, and instead of the sandy desert we had just been in, a vast land of trees, weird plants, and dinosaurs covered the land. "I'm not sure this is supposed to be in the Arabian Nights..." Shahra told me. "Perhaps this is something that happened once the Erazor Djinn started erasing the pages..."
"You made a pun!" I shouted, pointing at her as if accusing her.
"I did?" Her look was blank, as if she didn't know what I was talking about.
"Yes!" I repeated. "Erazor and erasing! Don't you get it?"
She raised and eyebrow and shrugged. "I'm sorry... I will try harder to understand your puns."
"I thought it was good, too." I muttered.
As we started walking again, we realized just how many dinosaurs there were. There were all sorts of varieties; some had long necks, some had a stronger build, a few looked like the pterodactyl the Erazor Djinn had summoned, and a few looked like a mix of all of them. I looked carefully for anything that looked dangerous, but everything kept to itself.
The kinds of plants were astounding, too. It was like being in a jungle, but there weren't so many trees. There were bushes that looked like mini palm trees, and trees that held all sorts of different fruit for the animals to eat. There were some weeds in some places, but I assumed a dinosaur would be by soon to clean it up.
I wasn't paying attention while we were walking, more looking at the various dinosaurs, and nearly fell off a cliff. "Shahra!" I called. Her body had already been out of the ring before I had fallen, so she was reaching for my hand. "I don't want to die an unreasonably undramatic death!"
Slowly, I looked down at what was almost my doom. I should have kept my eyes up at Shahra, who was trying to pull me up, but I found how far the cliff had been. I was overcome by dizziness as I continued to look down. There was more ground on the other side, letting a river fall through, but it wouldn't have been a pleasant, life-living fall. "I am sorry. I should have been watching," she replied, bringing me up.
I grabbed the edge of the ground. "It's fine. I should have kept my eyes more in front of me." I gave her a thumbs up, and she smiled. "What'cha say we rush through this place before that happens again? Or, for that matter, something worse...?"
"I would be fine with that." She retreated to the ring, making it glow. I glanced at my tiny flame, frowning at it. I could have sworn it had been bigger earlier. I shook my head, then jumped over the ledge, grasping the other side and pulling myself up. Afterwards, I started making headway through the mysterious jungle.
More water appeared here and there, making me more wary of my surroundings. The dinosaurs were still minding themselves, so there wasn't much to worry about them. Canopies of leaves from the mountainous trees made the sun bearable, making the sun sometimes disappear for long periods of time. The sky was cloudless, though, so there was no hiding under the shade of a fluffy, shaped cloud.
Most of the way wasn't as scary or treacherous as it looked. The major problem was that we had no idea where we were going, so we continued blindly into the trees, which only seemed to be getting thicker. At one point, it would all have to end, but it seemed like it was going on forever.
At one point, I came to a stop to rest. "You can come out now, Shahra," I told her.