
"Wait..." she replied, not coming out to join me and sit.
A roar suddenly erupted through the jungle, making the trees bend along with it. It was as if Shahra had known it was coming. I sensed something behind me, my ears flattening and eyes widening. Its skin was tan, a huge horn on its snout. It was one of the only dinosaurs that stood on two legs. It sniffed a few times, and for a moment, I thought it would just go away if I stood still. After all, all the other dinosaurs didn't want to eat me.
"Sonic?" Shahra's voice sounded like it was shaking.
"Um, yes?" I replied, slowly walking away.
"Run!" she yelled, and within less of a second, I followed her orders, the dinosaur on my trail. I looked back constantly in order to gauge how fast I had to go. I was still tired from running through the jungle, so this dinosaur was a challenge.
"I thought they would all be friendly!" I told her.
"Don't pet this one!" she shouted, retreating to the ring.
"That's totally going down as joke number two!" I shouted, running through the foliage as fast as I could without running into a tree or rock. I didn't think Shahra could drag me away from the dinosaur before it would eat me. The dinosaur wasn't gaining, but it was only barely falling behind. One wrong step and I would be a small snack for it.
"Shut up!" she shouted, flaring from the ring and throwing a rock at the dinosaur, quickly retreating to the ring.
The dinosaur barely seemed to notice it, stopping only for a moment. "That's the best you can do?" I asked, coming closer and closer to what looked like the end of the jungle. The cliff in front of me led to nothing for what seemed like miles below it. Then it turned into even more jungle, the trees thicker and less dinosaurs to eat me. I considered jumping off into the waterfall that fell into a pond below, but decided it was too risky. "Turn!" Shahra shouted, and I did what she said, jumping over another skinny river and grabbing the ledge.
"Does it ever give up?" I asked, wiping sweat from my forehead.
"Just keep going!" she shouted, her voice sounding desperate. I wondered what would happen to me if the dinosaur got to me.
"What do you think I'm doing?" I replied, tripping on a root. I looked back, the dinosaur still in persuit. I scrambled up, continuing to run. "Can you figure out something before I run out of breath? Or do I have to wish for it?"
"To your right." she told me. "There's a cliff you can run up. It should be large enough that the dinosaur can't follow you."
"But no promises."
"Yes."
I sped even faster, trying to get to the wall. It seemed like ever since the dinosaur appeared, every other life form disappeared. Once I reached the wall, I paused, taking a deep breath. Then I ran up the wall, hoping I wouldn't trip up on a rock or something.
The wall was larger than I had thought, but by the time I had realized that, it was too late to go back. There was no waterfall crashing down this one, so that wasn't there to make me more nervous. "Almost there." Shahra told me, making me look down at how high I had gone. The dinosaur had come to the wall, nearly crashing into it.

"Whew!" I sighed, falling onto the back. "Let's do it again!" I joked. I didn't really want to. At least, for a little while. "I haven't been this winded in a long time."
"Sonic!" Shahra shouted, pointing to something in the sky.
"What now?" I asked, getting up. Another roar ran through the air, but this one sounded much more like a screech. I looked up in the air to see Dr. Eggman, or, King Shahryar, hanging from the mouth of the pterodactyl.