
"We lost the pterodactyl thing." I said to Shahra as I went inside an dark building. I looked like a castle from the outside, but on the inside, it looked creepy and smelled moldy. Shahra's little red light and my flame helped light the way and there were candles on the wall every so often, but it was still hard to see in front of me.
"Usually," Shahra started, "it's hard to see things that are outside when you're inside..."
My head flipped towards the red ball next to me. "You totally just sassed me!" I shouted.
"I was just stating a fact," she replied.
I still had a huge smile on my face that I couldn't hide. "If you say so."
I started to walk through the building, keeping my eye out for anything suspicious. Knowing the Erazor Djinn and what great friends we were, anything could be around the next corner.
It was definitely spooky inside. The walls must have taken forever to build, but I couldn't tell what the purpose of the building was. I couldn't tell what color the bricks were; from the outside, they were yellowish, but on the inside, they matched the darkness. Even next to light they looked like they had a navy blue hue. It made me shiver thinking about color-changing bricks. Why did everything have to at least seem so magical?
Along with the creepiness of the walls and floor, everything that had happened so far was weird. I couldn't help but wonder where that pterodactyl had come from. Hopefully, it was just another spirit the Erazor Djinn had conjured up for the king.
"Hey, Shah-" a column of fire suddenly popped up next to me, causing me to recoil and fall backwards. In front of me, a whole new obstacle course popped up with fire, spikes, and giant ledges to leap over. "Woah!" I shouted out as the floor came out from under me. I grabbed the ledge in front of me just in time, getting onto it and rubbing the dust from my hands.
I started to run, skidding under some streams of fire, dodging spikes, and jumping over whatever I needed to. "Did the Erazor Djinn do this?" I asked Shahra as I ran across a wall to get over a chasm.
"I don't think these were here before..." she replied. I was just glad she was safe inside her little glowing bubble.
I nodded, continuing to run. At one point, I got distracted by some drawings on the wall, noticing some fire spewing overhead just in time to slide under it. "Pay attention!" Shahra scolded me.
"Sorry," I replied.
There were so many corners in the building that it made me dizzy. Every few seconds I had to turn again, then jump, then watch out for spikes, then turn again. It felt like I was running full speed in a circle. It was nauseating, and the flame probably didn't help, either. Any more diagrams I saw were spinning.
"We're almost there, Sonic!" Shahra shouted from the ring. I must have looked a bit green.
Shahra was right, though. I suddenly saw the sun shining through an entrance that looked like the one we came through. I slowed to a stop as I entered through it, catching my breath.
"Are you alright?" Shahra appeared out of the ring next to me.
"I'll be fine in just a minute," I smiled. Did all their buildings toss and turn so much? "Do you know where to go next?"
"Sonic, look!" she called, the ground starting to rumble. I looked up at what seemed to be a whirlwind in the sand. I couldn't be that lucky, though. Something uglier than the Erazor Djinn came out of it. And that's not an easy thing to be. It was shaped like a scorpion, but had its eyes on its knees. It was purple and blue, and its legs were sharpened so finely that it could stab them through anything.