
"Woah!" I shouted, taking a bit of a step back. "I take it that's not something you see everyday."
"It must be a monster the Erazor Djinn summoned," Shahra explained.
I looked to Shahra. "Isn't there something you can do about it with your magic?"
Her face took on a gloomy look. "I'm so sorry, Sonic. My magic is no match for that of the Erazor Djinn."
I smiled, trying to cheer her up. She tried so hard to save this world that a single thing had the power to destroy. "Okay, then. Guess I'll have to do this the old fashioned way!" I paused for a moment, trying to see if she would perk up. But she stayed as she was. "And hey, don't look so glum, Shahra! I'll have you smiling by the end of all of this. And that's not an order from me as your master. That's a promise from me to you."
I held out my pinky finger towards her, and after she hesitated for a second, she wrapped her finger around mine. "Yes..." She said, trying to smile. "All right."
"All right, Shahra!" I said. "Let's do it!"
I turned to see the scorpion jump out of the pit and onto some sand. After a few seconds, Shahra went back into the ring and I started to run towards it, but it ran away from me. It was pretty fast at walking backwards.
The scorpion-thing tried to stab me multiple times with its sharpened legs, and I was too busy dodging it to figure out what I needed to do. "Sonic, the eye on its back is its weak spot!"
"Yeah," I scoffed, "but how do I get up there?"
"Use your homing attack!" she replied.
I assumed she meant to use it on the other eyes, so I waited for the scorpion to try and strike me with one of its legs. Then I jumped on two of its eyes, bashing the eye on its back.
"Yes!" she shouted. "Do it again!"
I waited again for the perfect moment, striking its eyes once it tried to stab me. Once I did, though, it turned around like it was running away. I almost shouted out with astonishment by the eye I saw on its back; its eyelids were covered in teeth, so it kind of looked like it was eating the eyeball. Oh, and the eyeball also came off the scorpion's body.
Once it did fly off, I was a bit too shocked to even move. "Sonic, what are you doing?" Shahra asked. Without  replying, I hit the eye and it went back to its body. It did it again, trying to shoot purple shadows at me. I jumped over a row of them, hitting the eye again. "Will this ever end?" I asked, half to the scorpion and half to Shahra.
With the urge of never wanting to see this thing again, I jumped on its eye, then onto the one on its back. I jumped back as it seemed to glow with light, then dissolve into a black shadow.
"Sorry," I said to the scorpion thing, "but you were in my way."
Once the shadows all disappeared, the glow that had come from the monster appeared. "There it is!" Shahra shouted.
I looked at the bright yellow ring. "So that's..."
"Yes," Shahra replied, "this must be one of the seven World Rings the Erazor Djinn spoke of."
Shahra reached down for it, but her hand seemed to go through the ring. "What?" she seemed stunned. "I can't pick it up!"
I hesitated for just a moment before reaching for it, and when I finally wrapped my hand around it, it felt almost like a bolt of lightning rushed down my arm. I cried out, grasping my arm with my other hand. Then it stopped. I stared at the ring, trying to figure out what had just happened.