
"The power of the book?" I asked.
"If our stories are destroyed forever, then the Erazor Djinn will then be able to come into your world, and by then he may be unstoppable."
"That doesn't sound good." I replied. "But what can I do if he's in the book?"
"You can stop the Erazor Djinn." she paused for only a moment. "You must stop the Erazor Djinn!"
I smiled nervously. "This sounds like a fun adventure all right, but if this is all something out of a storybook..." I looked down at 1001 Arabian Nights, "how am I supposed to do anything about that?"
Shahra smiled, her face becoming gentler. "That is the easy part. You are my master by having called forth the Genie of the Ring. Being so, I am able to grant your wishes." she paused, as if letting me absorb everything she was saying. "Simple wishes, at that. But bringing you into the world of The Arabian Nights is within my power."
"Wait a minute..." I waved my hands in front of her. "Inside that book?!"
Without anymore explanation, she suddenly disappeared in a puff of smoke, leaving behind only a ring, much smaller than the giant one I had first 'summoned' her with. I caught it as it fell, and to my surprise, it spoke, "now please, put on the ring!"
I placed it on my middle finger, because it was still a bit big. "Like this?" I asked, and she prominently answered with glowing red sparks and becoming snug on my finger. "Ow! I plan to have a finger after this, you know!"
"I apologize, O Master, but now the contract has been sealed. I am now bound to protect you. Now, rub the ring."
This was all really weird, but I rubbed the ring with my other fingers. "Like... this?" I asked her.
Shahra appeared in a puff of smoke, bowing to me as if I was some sort of king. "O Master of the Ring, what is thy wish?"
Before I could answer her with anything that came to my mind, I sneezed a few times. I rubbed my nose, saying, "I could go for a handkerchief or two!"
The room literally filled with handkerchiefs just seconds later. For a simple wish, she sure made a mess of my room! I picked one up to use one, saying, "thanks! See, I caught this cold yesterday, and-"
"Can't you please be serious?" She pleaded again. "My world..."
"Okay, okay! Thanks for the hankies, though."
She put her face in her hands. "Please, tell me this isn't really happening..."
I chuckled. "Alright, alright, I'm ready. Let's go! Take me to this world of the Arabian Nights!"
She smiled and bowed again. "As you wish, Master!"
"Enough with the 'Master' stuff!" I shouted. "My name's Sonic. Sonic the Hedgehog!"
She looked up just the slightest. "Very well, then. Sonic... the Legendary Hedgehog."
She waved her arms up, summoning a magic carpet. "Woah... Sweet ride!" I said, jumping onto it. As I shouted with yahoos, we rode into the world of the Arabian Nights, or, really, we dove headfirst into a book.