
The Erazor Djinn squinted as if he was studying me. He looked condescending just by staring at someone. "You... you must be that blue rat that just got added to the story..."
"Don't you know anything?" I scowled, "I'm not a rat! I'm a hedgehog."
He laughed, but I don't know what he thought was so funny. Unless, of course, he had finally realized my quip from a while ago. "I am Erazor Djinn! I am the one who will carve up this world as I see fit."
"Yeah, well..." I shifted from foot to foot. "If you're going to do that, can you at least wait until I'm done reading it first?"
Shahra frowned. "Sonic..."
The Erazor Djinn didn't laugh. "One hundred of the One-Thousand and One Nights have already been wiped out. Soon enough, the rest shall join them, night by night. Then, with the seven World Rings..."
I hadn't heard that term before. "What are the seven World Rings?"
He ignored me and lowered his gaze at Shahra. "You have gathered the seven World Rings for me, have you not, Shahra, my dear?"
Shahra scoffed. "Are you still going on about that? I've told you over and over, those things don't even exist! And even if they did, I'd never give them to you!"
Suddenly, the Erazor Djinn smiled. "Oh? Wouldn't you, though?"
Shahra folded her arms and turned away a bit, as if she didn't want to know what was going to happen. Honestly, I didn't either. I hated spoilers in books.
"Well, I suppose a suitable punishment is in order, then..."
He put his finger out in front of him, and it ignited with a flame, aimed right for Shahra. She wasn't moving. The little flame was flying off of his finger, and she was too shocked to move.
"Look out!" I shouted, running in front of her just in time to take the hit. I still got punted into her, making her fall with me on top of her.
"Sonic!" she said, looking at my face. I blinked a few times. I was dizzy, and my chest was sore, but I was okay. I thought I was, at least, until the Erazor Djinn laughed.
"So, this is how judgement is to be dealt, is it? This should definitely be interesting. You listening, rat? Bring me the Seven World rings before the arrow of flame extinguishes. If you fail..."
I sat up as the purple field started to gather around him, and that's when I noticed the little flame that had placed itself on my chest. I stuck my hand through it and gasped when I didn't get burned. I looked up at the Erazor Djinn in shock.
"... Then your life is forfeit." he continued before I could say anything else. "Next, I think I shall collect the life of King Shahryar!"
With his grim demise of the king and the fate of myself secured, the Erazor Djinn left just as he had appeared. "Are you okay?" Shahra asked me as I got to my feet.
"Yeah." I replied.
Suddenly, her expression became even more urgent. "King Shahryar is the creator of the Arabian Nights and the main character of the story!"
I stole a glance at the little flame that was burning on my chest. I saw Shahra look at it for a moment as well. "Well, then, with my speed, we'll just have to make sure we get to him first!"
I started running again, making sure Shahra was next to me every so often. The fire never once faltered, but I couldn't stop thinking about it. It was a little flame that my life was now tied to.