
"Wha...?" I hadn't even remembered falling asleep on the couch. I took the book that covered my face away, putting on the floor. "It can't be that late."
The fire that illuminated the small room was still crackling, so it really couldn't have been that late. I certainly didn't get far into 1001 Arabian Nights, either. That was a lot of stories to get through. It had a nice cover, however. It was leather and had cool jewels on it, with the title painted intricately onto it. I yawned and stretched, then rubbed my eyes. Then I reached for the table next to me, trying to find my alarm clock. Instead, my hand wrapped around something round and metal - something that hadn't been there before.
"What's this?" I asked myself. I stared at it with a frown. I hadn't seen anything like it before. It was like one if the rings I collected, except it was imperfect and dull.
"Finally, you woke, blue hedgehog!"
I jumped and dropped it, trying to figure out if I was just that tired or if the voice had actually come from the weird ring.
Suddenly, the room began to glow, and some sort of girl with wild pink hair that traveled above her head and clothes that seemed very vaguely familiar, as if I'd heard about them somewhere, floated down until she was just a few inches off the ground. "What the-?!" I shouted, staring in half amazement and a half sort of fright.
"D-do not be alarmed!" she said, her eyes showing genuine kindness. She had a smile on her face. "I am Shahra, the Genie of the Ring. You know, like in 'Aladdin and the Magic Lamp'?"
She was talking to me as if she knew me from somewhere, but I had never heard of her before. I folded my arms. "I don't think I've heard of that."
She backed away slightly, almost like she was hurt to hear that. "What? You're kidding, right? Everyone's heard of it! Oh, it's just my favorite story of all the Arabian Nights! Or, now that I think of it, maybe it's my second favorite..." She paused for a moment, then scanned the room, like she was searching for something. Finally, she picked up the book I had been reading that was now on the floor. "Sorry, that's besides the point. Please, take a look at this..."
She opened the book to what seemed to be a random page, but when I looked at it, I was almost too stunned to say anything. "What's going on?" I said. I looked up at her with a frown. "The page is blank! What'd you do to my book?"
She flipped to the first page that had words on it, but the letters were slowly disappearing, as if they were being slowly burnt off the page, but the paper itself was still intact. Once she thought I had seen enough, she closed the book and gently put it on the table next to her. She put her head down and sighed. "The world of the Arabian Nights... My world... is slowly vanishing..."
"How is it 'vanishing'"? I asked after thinking for a moment. It didn't even occur to me that it was strange that she had come out of the book. And a story couldn't just simply vanish, could it? "Can't someone just rewrite the story again? Type it back up if all the pages disappear?"
"This is all because of an incredibly powerful evil spirit called the Erazor Djinn." she replied blankly but carefully. "The story will be forgotten by all if it is destroyed."
I blinked. "Did you just say Eraser Din?"I laughed just a bit. "What does he do, erase din-ner?"
"Please, be serious!" she begged, "Erazor Djinn." she said the words slowly and said all the syllables clearly.
"Erazor Djinn." I snickered. "Got it."
"The Erazor Djinn used his magic to become even more powerful than he already was." Shahra continued. "He no longer wanted to remain a simple character in the book. And so, he has begun to set the inscriptions free, in turn absorbing the power of the book itself."