
Waking up in the morning is tough, but waking up in the morning to go to school is even worse. I opened my eyes to feel the warm rays of the sun shining down on me. Oh wait, it was just my lamp I left on from the night before. I couldn't stop thinking about school. A whole new place, and whole new environment, and a whole new me. I knew it was coming but I didn't think it would be this soon. Summer felt as if was a faint memory into the past- one that obviously allowed me to sleep in.
"Rasia, wake up! It's time for your first day," Mother called from the kitchen. She was always so enthusiastic about everything. "Don't want to be late!""Ok, Mother, I'm coming right down." I yelled back. What to wear, what to wear, I wondered. First thing I found was a casual floral crop top- my absolute fav- my pink skater skirt, and a denim jacket. I layed everything out on my bed. I scurried to the bathroom, scrambling to gather my belongings from my desk right next to my bedroom door. As I walked down the hallway I could hear humming. My younger brother, Tray, was messing around with some hair product. Tray is 5 and it's his first year of kindergarten. He was always getting into stuff no matter who it belonged to. I found him once trying to make a "disappearing potion" out of my Victoria Secret perfume. There goes thirty bucks down the drain. I got to the door and almost immediately Tray came rushing out. "DO NOT open the shower curtain WHATEVER YOU DO!" he exclaimed.I squinted my eyebrows at him."Alrighty then, whatever." I replied.I walked in and threw all my stuff on the counter. Luckily I took a shower last night, I sighed. I brushed my teeth, washed my face, and started to put on a little bit of eye shadow when I wondered, what's really behind that door? Eventually, I resolved my question and continued with my makeup. My hair was a total mess- as it usually was in the morning. I slowly combed through it will my detangling brush. I hadn't straightened my hair since the 4th grade so I decided I would try something new just for today. When I got through it actually looked good. Not bad, I told myself.I walked back to my room. As I put my clothes on, I heard the doorbell ring. Next thing I know, I'm getting dress in my room with my best friend, Liliana. She was tall, with caramel hair, green eyes, and freckles. She wore a short maroon dress that was cut out in the back with some white converse and a star Lockett. She was so beautiful, and so hilarious. I could never really take her seriously. As I got dressed, she looked through my closet -we always exchanged clothes. "So, are you excited for 6th grade?" Lilian asked me looking at herself in the mirror."I guess so, school is school," I responded tightening my shoe laces. "I've different things to be excited about." I picked up my backpack."Well, I'm excited to meet some new people. I've always wondered what it was like at different schools." Lilian looked at her necklace.I nearly dropped my backpack at the thought of "new friends". What did she mean "new friends". We already have friends so why do we need new ones? ."Did you just say 'new friends'?" I questioned her and glared."Well, y-yeah I-I mean I-""Don't even go there Lilian!" WE are the only friends. If anyone else wants to be our friends they come to us, not the other way around," I was angry at this point."Ok, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you." Lilian looked concerned.I ignored her. I left the room and walked downstairs. I was so frustrated that she would say that. She knew how I was about friends and what happened in 2nd grade. Unfortunately, I could never get away from it.