
"This is my fault""I'm so stupid""Calm down"     This is all I've heard for the past... I don't even know... How long have I been here?   Where am I? What am I... What is this? The questions ring through my head like a train. All of a sudden I feel a sharp pain in my stomach and I try to scream but nothing happens. "Ash did you see that or am I  hallucinating  I continue to try to move my fingers, or even just to say something or open my eyes would be an accomplishment right about now. "HELP ME!" I finally hear myself belt out, as my eyes snap open and go wide with shock that I've finally said something and am fully functional. "Someone go get a doctor now." a boy with curly blonde hair says as he barrels towards me and Hugs me so hard I can't breathe."Let go of me! Who are you. where am I what am I what's happening!" All the questions I've waited for what seems like forever to say come flowing out of my mouth like water from a broken dam. My frantic eyes scan the room, seeing three other boys, all slowly approaching the bed I'm laying on with tears in their eyes. The  one with the lip ring starts sobbing and another one of them with dark hair hugs him and tells him it will be okay. the third one just stares at me, his colored hair standing out from the rest of the group. "Addie it's us, don't you remember?" The boy with curly blonde hair asks me, grabbing my hand. Quickly pulling my hand back, as if he were trying to cut it off, I screamed a loud, blood curtailing scream, and they all wince. "Luke go get a doctor now, she's clearly not stable." the boy with colored hair says to the one with a lip ring, who's name must be Luke.After a few minutes pass by that seem like hours of us all just sitting there staring at each other, Luke walks in with a doctor who looks like he's in his late twenties.     "Ah, so I see Addison is awake, and healthy for the most part." He walks over and presses a button that makes the bed I'm laying on go into a position that makes me sit up like I'm in a chair. All of a sudden I feel a sharp pain In my ribs and I let out a yelp. "What's wrong Addie? What did you do to her make her stop hurting what's wrong with you!" Luke shouts. "Mr.Hemmings, you need to calm down. Miss barker will be fine, her ribs are probably just a bit sore from the pressure that was put on them, and how much they were strained.  The pain will subside in a couple of days." the doctor looks over at me and gives me a sympathetic look. "Addie, are you okay?" The tan boy with dark hair asks me. "Who's Addie? And who are you? And who are they?" I say pointing to the rest of the boys. "Addie it's me Michael," the boy with colored hair says, straining his voice as if not to let out a sob he continues, " and that's Luke, Ashton, and Calum, remember it's us.." he says as his eyes glaze over with guilt. "No no no no no no no she can't loose her memory please tell me she didn't loose her memory!" The boy who's name I think was Calum screams out as he plops into a chair near my bed. "I'm sorry sirs, but that seems to be what happened. We were told it was a high possibility she hit her head pretty hard." Still oblivious as to what was happening, and seeing that the doctor and the boys were busy talking things through, I turned over, feeling weak, exhausted, and helpless, I slipped into a dream but soon after wished I hadn't.
~dream~ "Why are you such a failure Addison barker, why don't you just die in a ditch." a blonde haired girl sneers at me as she pushes me to the ground and her whole group stars kicking me ad throwing punches, and I just lay there, defenseless. "HEY! Leave her alone!" I hear a booming voice shout, and all the girls run away, " next time, fight for yourself, I'm not your guardian angel." the voice says with a cold front, and I feel a foot connect with my stomach, and then the light tap of footsteps walking away.
~dream over~ I woke up screaming, and all of a sudden a wave of nausea swiped over me, and I threw up to the side of my bed, wondering why I am alive.
AUTHORS NOTE!!!
Hey guys!!! So I need a few names or people to volunteer to play roles
The roles that are open are
Addie's best friend Ashton's  girlfriend Mikey's BFF Addie's ex boyfriend (dramaaaa)        COMMENT YOUR NAME AND WHAT ROLE YOU WANT THANKS MY LOVELIES!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️