
Chapter 1
------
Today was Monday and it was first day of school in my new school. I moved away after been bully everyday but now that when I went to Alaska with my father I new that I can't escape it. And that's why I'm going back for revenge. I had enough with people bullying me and that's time I end this.
I went and took a shower after a long shower I put my outfit for the new school year. (Outfit on top or to the left). I make a messy bun with a Barde and go downstairs. My mom was never home she was always drunk or doing something stupid.
Drew was my oldest brother he was 19 and I'm 18 we go to the same school but he is never there he always with his friends getting drunk Doing drugs things like that. I was the normal one in the family only that I had a bad attitude and I would always get in trouble because when people would talk behind my back I would go up to them and tell them something but it just gets me even in more trouble.
I went and grab an apple I took a few bites and threw it away. I went to my hummer I got this car when I was 17 I have had for a year. my father bought it for me. my dad is a business man a very wealthy man. My father gives me money every Saturday and Friday he puts them in my credit card. since he knows that my mother never gives me money and is never home.
I got to school and I was looking for a parking I found one next to two buggies a pink one and a blue one. In the middle there was a empty parking spot I went and park mine there I was getting odd looks from people but I didn't care what they thought. I got out and I grab my purse and phone in my other hand. I went inside with people looking at me and I even got whistles from the guys uhu can't this place be any worse.
I went to my locker and threw my purse in there. right when I was going to close it a girl slam my locker and looked at me smiling this girl was Jessica the one and only the one who was a mean slut to me. "well, hey new girl my friends told me that you park your car in my parking space" she said while she put her hand in her hip. "oh I'm so sorry was that your space" I said "we'll duh I don't know who you think you are little miss not perfect but If you don't move your junky car out of the way I'm going to make your life a living hell" she said pointing at me. "I'm not moving it and I don't think I am going to let people like you talk to me like that" I said " I suggest you move it know before things get ugly" she said flipping her hair. we were already making a scene everyone was around us. I slam her against the locker and said "you get out my way before things get real ugly Jessica" I said I let go of her and grab my purse she then yelled "how do you know my name" she said I stop and look up and turn and said. "because I'm amber Scott the one and only that people called ugly, fat, stupid" I said she stare at me with huge eyes everyone was whispering and laughing. and I left with out a single word.
--------------------------
Thanks for reading I hope you guys like this story. I been having this idea since a long time so yes thanks guys your the best bye.