
VikBritish19Recently moved schools, known as a nerd -------------------------------LachlanAustralian19The Bad Boy-----------------------------*Vik's pov*The bell ranged loudly piercing through my ears making me cover them from the impact. I sat at the front office waiting to be picked up by a student who was meant to be my guide, i swung my legs trying to keep myself busy. Then a boy came rushing towards me, brown hair, slight stubble, blue jumper and jeans with black shoes."Hey you must be Vik, Im Rob" He greeted me kindly offering me a hand which i gladly shook."Hey" i answered smiling at him, we were walking through the hallways to our first lesson. When suddenly a tall blonde had a younger brunette pinned up against a locker gripping his collar tightly."That is Lachlan, the bad boy he is dangerous" i admired this Lachlan lad, I'm not one to judge by what i hear or see, surely he is not that bad. He must of caught my gaze as he winked and waved at me before turning on his heels and walking away."Come on maths is here" Rob grabbed my wrist pulling me into the classroom my mind still racing.
/By the way i will hardly ever do cross over scenes were both or serval pov's have the same scene, but i felt like it was needed/
*Lachlan's pov*Today was just another day at this hell hole as i walked through the gates a few people sent me odd looks but i brushed them off. I pushed open the main doors, inhaling the wicked smell of the school scrunching my nose in disgust. The bell distinctly rang echoing throughout the halls.First lesson is English, i can walk through the maths area for this. Walking past i noticed Billy, a scrawny nerd perfect a morning beat up my favourite. I took long strides towards him.
I grabbed his collar pinning him to the lockers behind him, hearing a faint squeak and whimper come from his mouth by now i could feel myself creepily smiling."Fancy seeing you here" i whispered connecting my free fist to his stomach making him groan in pain. I continued intimidating him until i finally dropped him not wanting to be too late for my lesson. I turned and watch him run over to his maths class, where Rob i think thats his name...was standing next to a brown hair, tanned male who must be the new kid. I could feel his stare, suddenly he caught my gaze i waved at him and winked before turning on my heels leaving him confused. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Kept the intro fairly short, but new book hype!Chapter One is out.-Scarlett 😊