
As my alarm clock goes off, I look over and see that it's 6 am, and I remember that today is the first day of sophomore year. After checking my phone I finally roll out of bed around 6:15, and head to the shower. On my way to the shower my 9 year old sister Alex runs out and hugs me and says "Good morning bubby, I love you." When Alex was born she was diagnosed with down syndrome and she has ADHD. Anyways I finally hop out of the shower, put on some clothes and walk downstairs. I walk over to the kitchen and fix me and Alex a bowl of cereal.
It's around 7 am when we get done and I walk her down to the bus stop. The bus finally comes she gets on then I walk up the hill and get in my Camaro and drive to school. When I walk in my Basketball Boys greet me, and as we start walking down the hall my girlfriend Megan comes over and I kiss her on the cheek then we walk to Spanish class. As we walk in Mr. Roman greets everyone, I walk to seat and sit down as Ms. Tobin woods walks in and I yell "Hey Tobinn", she rolls her eyes and mouths f**k you.
I laugh and say "Sorry sweetheart, I only take offers on Fridays with milkshakes.'' After that Mr. Roman got started we had a few worksheets, then the bell rang. Fast forward through the rest of the day, Finally it's time to go home. As I walk to my car, Colton (My best friend) comes up behind me and puts me in a chokehold. He finally lets me go and we get in my car and drive to my parents beach house, we decide to have a party. We sent out a text saying "Party at 9-12 @ Noah's beach house, will be boos no worrys!"
After we send out the text, me and Colton head to the store to get food and drinks. When we get back to the house it's about 8:30, so we set up beer pong and "Chug station." It's finally 9 and everyone's showing up. I decide to get wasted, and I ran into Tobin "Damn she looks hot" I say to myself. Anyways I invite her upstairs to my room and I throw her on the bed and we start making out until Megan walks in..../////// How do you guys like it so far? Message me or Comment Thoughts! 😘 \\\\\\\\