
I stood there frozen with my mouth slightly open in mid sentence. How could she not remember who I was?
Then the nurses came running in and they pushed me out of the room. I didn't fight back or anything. I heard everyone's footsteps running up behind me.
"Is she awake?" Andy asked hopeful. I looked up to him with tears in my eyes and nodded. "W-what's wrong?"
"She doesn't remember me." I replied sadly. I heard them gasp a little, they all surrounded me and I didn't want to be touched right now. I pushed my way past all of them and ran outside to the small terrace they had on the level we were on.
I collapsed against the railing and looked down at the street, letting some of the tears go. The glass doors behind me opened and I knew it was one of the guys
"Go away." I said bluntly. I felt them rest their hand on my shoulder.
"Hey," Jake said calmly. "She may not remember but at least you know that she's okay."
"I guess you're right on that. But what about all the memories we have with each other? All the memories she has- had," I corrected myself. "With you guys?"
He simply shrugged.
"We'll just have to make new one. And these ones will be ten times better." He tried giving a smile but I knew it was forced. I nodded. "Lets go back inside."
We walked back in and sat down in the waiting area for one of the nurses to come back out to tell us about Lyric. I bounced my leg up and down nervously, checking the time every so often.
After what seemed like forever, a nurse came out of Lyric's room and walked over to us.
"You're Lyric's family?" We nodded. "Well, I have some news that is going to shock you and will take a little bit to set in but," She paused and took a deep breath. "Lyric has amnesia and a severe case, too. Since she was the one to be impacted first it had a strong effect on her. It will take a very long time for her to regain her memories, if she even does in that fact. I'm very sorry."
She got up and left us to let the information sink in. I can't believe she might not remember me.
•••••
Hiya guys!! Short but first chapter to the sequel!!! YAYAYAY! This will be sad at first but it will end up super happy and I'm excited because I have everything planned out!!
Thanks for reading my lovelies!! Bye!!~ Romi