
"Please, don't."
I whimpered, knowing that my cries of mercy were useless.
"Your gonna get what you deserve whore. Who was that that brought you home. I know you fucked him. When I find out who he is, I'm gonna fucking kill him."
I then felt the pain of my "loving father's" hand connect to my already bruised ribs. I didn't cry though. No matter how many times his fist connected to my frail little body. I never cried, not once. It was the only thing that kept me together.
When he was satisfied with the punishment he had given me, he grabbed his bottle of liquor and left me. I cautiously got up, a sharp pain shot thru my body. I have a high pain tolerance, for anyone else, they would be screaming out from pain. I looked at my already bruising ribs, I could tell they were broken, great, this is going to suck.
I slowly walked to my room. Wincing in pain with every step, breath, or slightest movement. I grabbed the roll of bandages and wrapped my ribs up, like I have done so many times before.
After I was finished wrapping up my broken ribs, I carefully walked over to my closet. I reached up, to the self that help my favorite escape. My sanity. My life. My box of seven delicate little blades, that kept me in this world. The only thing that told me I was alive. I grabbed  my favorite one. It was the first one I ever got, it was from a sharpener. It was dull and needed to be sharpened. So I put back that blade. I needed the sharpest one I had.
Tonight was the night. I would finally be free from this hell called my life. No one would care. Why should they? None of my blades were sharp enough, so I walked to the bathroom, feeling every step in my ribs, and grabbed the scalpel. It was so beautiful. When it met my skin and mixed with my crimson red blood, it would be even more beautiful.
I left my thoughts of what an amazing sight my father would find, and started to run a bath. I did my make up, my hair, and put on my favorite dress. I looked perfect. In a few minutes though my wrist would be oozing the wonderful blood, I know so well.  As I was finishing with my hair,  the bath was ready. I grabbed my video camera, and started to record my goodbye letter:

"I am sorry that this had to end this way. You deserve a world where I don't exist in it though. It will make everyone happier. I will finally be free of all the pain, that has made me this way. There is no saving me." By now tears were flooding down my face. "Mom, wherever you are, I love you, and I am sorry. If you never left than maybe you could be here to help. Instead you left me, all alone, to fend for myself against father. He has beaten me so much, I no longer feel pain. "

"Dad, FUCK YOU. You made my life a living hell. I was supposed to be able to depend on you, but you pushed me to the point of suicide. All of the bands, mainly Black Veil Brides. Thank you. You kept me alive this long, but it in my time. So everyone... Goodbye"

I then turned off the camera, and gently sat in the tub. I took the sharp blade and held it to my wrist. Will all the force I had I pressed down, and dragged it across my skin. The blood started to ooze.  I felt at peace.

" Jordynn, are you ok." I heard my father say through the locked door. I didn't reply. I was to lost in my own thoughts. Then I felt my vision getting blurry with blackness. Right before I faded completely into my heaven, I saw the door being busted open by my father, and he looked like he actually cared...