
I didn't know what to think. I mean the Andy Biersack saying me of all people was beautiful??
"N-no I'm not... just look at me.." I said, yet my voice was shaking. I mean you have your idol call you beautiful. I know he is just saying that. He says that to all his fans.. right?
"You really are, and the way you blush when I talk to you is really adorable. I know you don't believe it but you are. I'm still trying to figure out why a beautiful girl like you would do such a thing as this.." and with that he gently grabbed my wrist, rolled up my sleeve and kissed my cuts and scars.
I was lost for words. I have always loved him, but not just for his music, but the way that he actually cared for all his fans. I always thought I would never meet him, let alone know that he thought I was beautiful, but he probably doesn't like me anyways..
"I-I went through a lot. When you have no one there for you, you need a way to cope... and I-I found my way. My life was good, up until my mother left me with 'him'.. then it all just.." by now I had tears running down my face, and an Andy holding me telling me that I don't need to say anything, and that he understands. I then remembered that we weren't the only ones in the car. I look around to see all of them asleep but Jake who was driving, but he had his headphones in and didn't look phased.
"None of them heard, I promise, and none of them will." Andy said as if reading my mind.
We soon got to the house, and let me say huge was an understatement. It was massive. I might get lost just trying to find my way around my own room. Everyone but me and Andy were out of the car, they all ran in as soon as we got there.
" Hey Jordynn, I know I just met you but I thought maybe you would umm.. maybe wanna go out to dinner with me tomorrow night.." as he said this he  was nervously scratching his neck.
"OMG REALLY!!! I WOULD LOVE TO" I shouted and jumped into his arms, as he carried me inside.

*A/N so the next chapter is not going to be the date, the next one will basically be Jordynn getting settled into the house, and then the next chapter after that will be the date.
so yeah love you my little rebels*

