
I do not own girl meets world or any plots or lines they may have used on the show. Just some story lines. Mr.Mathews was decorating the Christmas tree along side his wife and his daughter. The speaker box buzzed indicating someone was at the door. Mr. Matthews ran up to it in excitement. "Shawn!?" He asked hoping for a yes. "Maya." Said a girl. "Shawn!?" He asked again "Aww what's the matter? Your boyfriend's not here yet?" She asked him teasingly. "He's not my boyfriend!" Mr.Matthews told her. Just then Mrs. Matthews walked towards him with a tree ornament. "Oh really, then what are we gonna do with this Cory and Shawn '4-Evah' ornament.?" She asked sarcastically. "We put it right in front of he Cory and Topanga wedding ornament." He said with as smile and placing it on the tree. Topanga turned to her daughter, Riley, and spoke. "My whole life." She reached for her youngest child, Auggie, "Auggie you wanna help with dinner?" He nodded and with that they walked into the kitchen. Just then a girl walked in. Not tall but not too short either. "I don't think he even exists." She said trying to get on his nerves. "He's real Maya, I've known the guy my whole life, and he's real." Mr.Matthews said with complete seriousness. "You're fun to play with." She told him as she walked towards Riley. "Riley I got you a present." She said handing her a green card. Riley took the card from her best friend and read it aloud. "A donation has been made, in your name, to the 'Maya new winter coat' fund." She closed the card and looked at the coat Maya was demonstrating. "Thank you it's beautiful." Riley said with a smile. "I'm glad you like it. I never know want to get people." Maya responded. They talked about Riley's uncle for a little bit when the speaker box buzzed again. Once again,a second time, Mr.Matthews ran up to it in excitement. "Shawn!?" He said into the mic. "It's your parents." A male voice responded. "Rats!" Mr.Matthews said not realizing that they heard. "Let me explain to you how a speaker box works." He said sarcastically. "These holidays are important to me Allen. How much of a fiasco do you think it's gonna be?" A female voice said through the intercom. Mr.Matthews just looked at his wife pointing to the box. "Let me explain how a speaker box works." The man said to his wife. "Hideous already." Mr.Matthews said to his wife refering to a conversation they had earlier. "How 'bout I throw this lot at you!?" She asked holding up a small blue pot. "They don't think your real, but I know you are." Mr.Matthews said talking to his ornament. Just then he caught a blue pot that was thrown at him. "She tried to hurt you Shawn." He said talking in a voice you would usually have when you talk to a baby. Maya just looked at him like he was crazy. The doorbell rang. "Grandpa! Grandma!" Auggie yelled in excitement as he ran towards the door and opened it. "Here's ten bucks. Right me better." His grandpa said handing him the money. "And here's cookies." His grandma told him handing him a plate wrapped in fancy plastic tied with a red fancy bow. "Thanks. Here's ten bucks." He told her handing her the money his granddad just gave him."Riley! Maya!" Mr.Matthews dad said as he went hugging g the girls. "Yay!" They both said in unison. "Topanga." Mr.Matthews mom said hugging her daughter in law. "I just know you'll pull off the most amazing holiday ever." She told her. "Mom I just heard you out side." Mrs.Matthews said with a smile. "What how?" She asked. "I explained that to you." Allen told her. "Well now that that's out in the open, let's take a look at what you're doing wrong." She said as she walked into the kitchen with Topanga. Topanga let out a nervous laugh as she followed her mother in law. "Aww man. Look at all these kids. Wasn't long ago when I had kids in the house." Allen said putting his jacket on the coat rack up on the wall. "Yeah. Just this morning. Wasn't it dad?" A boy with short chestnut hair walked in throwing keys to his father and taking off his leather jacket and hanging it up. Just then Maya looked up from the ornament she was holding. "Boy!" She said with a smile pointing at the guy in the door way. "That's my uncle, Maya." Riley told her. "Sweet. I would be your aunt." She said while grinning from ear to ear. "Joshie!" Shouted Auggie running towards him. "Auggie!" The guy said back running towards him, lifting him up in the air and putting him on his shoulders. "I love it up here." Auggie said with a grinn on his face. "My brother." Josh said. "My brother." Mr.Matthews responded as he walked towards him and giving him a fist bump. "How is it possible that we're brothers? Cory asked him. "Because it's a SURPRISE!" He said saying that last part to his dad and smiling. "Stop doing that." His father told him. "Dad's so proud of himself. He gets into movies for like a quarter." Josh told his brother. He put his nephew on the couch as Riley got up from her seat with Maya. "Uncle Josh." Riley said while walking towards him and giving him a hug. "Riley" he said hugging her back. As soon as Riley let go, Maya went in quick for a hug. "Uncle Josh." She said as she buried left side of her face into his chest. "I'm not your uncle,Maya." He told her. "Even better." She said just as Riley removed her from his body. "It's, uh, it's been a while." He said stuttering while examining he look. "Shure has." She said with complete calm. "Well, boy, you grew up gorgeous." He told her while lightly scratching the back of his neck. Indicating he was nervous.