
She had detested him so much.The guy who sat at the centre table in the male area right in front. She did remember why the hatred but seeing him sitting in a suit and smiling made her burn in anger. She wanted to walk up and slap him letting out the anger and make him feel ashamed but that wasn't acceptable here.He was definitely very attractive with tall physique, curly black hairs and fair complexion. His eyes were deep chocolate brown with a sharp nose and a heart warming smile. He was definitely busy in a presentation as the people sitting around were foreigners.As his eyes met hers for a second she instantly looked away. She never wished to get caught peeking at him. She never expected him to know that she was here spying on him.He was busy attending some delegates for a meeting at the starbucks cafe in Riyadh Gallery and she was here with her colleagues. She was covered in abaaya as it enveloped her tall, curvy features. She wasn't slim but definitely gorgeous with long silky black hairs, creamy white complexion and big hooded hazel eyes. Her nose was small followed by pouty lips and her physique was very attractive which she hid from non-mehram men. She preferred light make-up and had her naqaab on. She worked as an adminstrative assistant in one of the reputed Saudi schools and she decided to come over to this cafe at a mall after work as the weekend had already started. The area was filled with women in abaayas and naqaab.She spotted him sitting and chatting and it instantly came to her mind how this man sitting in front of her cheated on her innocent best friend. She remembered the incident that happened 5 years back with her friend Mariya. She met him on internet and they clicked as Mariya fell head over heels for him. He took advantage of her by touching her,kissing her but suddenly he moved out calling it friendship which left her heart broken. Mariya was soon married to someone else as she cannot bear the betrayal and she moved to Qatar but the intensity to which it affected her had its toll on her marital life though, fortunately she managed to succeed by her loving husband's support as she was innocent and victimised. Seeing him beaming with pride and success made her heart boil. She hoped he would have suffered the consequences but no such thing was seen in him. She cannot wait for a miracle to happen as she has to come up with something.Such selfish, arrogant and self centered men needed to be taught a lesson they would remember all their life. She thought bitterly as she walked up to the counter noticing that the men around him left whereas he was still there with his laptop occupied in his work.Soon the plan she made went well as the waiter dropped a chocolate mousse and milk shake at his table which surprised him. There was a note as he enquired in pure arabic accent who sent it?He accepted the note though he didnt touch the meal as she stood in one corner studying him with a smirk. She knew what she was doing as she folded her hands proudly around her chest as his eyes searched each and every women on the table in lady's section. They rested on her for two seconds as he searched other frantically hoping to find the person and again returned to meet hers. She looked away as it was improper to glare at men. And what about revenging them? Her conscience scolded.Finally,he scribbled something leaving it with the same waiter and left with her meal. She took it from him as she saw him scribble his email address and phone number. There was hope after all.An evil smile crossed her lips as this was expected of him. He enjoyed playing with girls on internet as they didnt know his real intentions but she did. And this time Bilaal Malik, was going to taste his own sip of poison. 'All the very best', she said in a sing song voice planning further how to carry this out.
(To be contd.......)