
I had Coldplay blasting in my ears as I walked to my job at Starbucks. My name is Sarah I'm fifteen, my home is a foster home in NYC. I have depression. The people here are nice, nicer than my old family. I just wish I had an actual family who loved me.
I walked into Starbucks and immediately saw my closest co worker named Sasha. I shot her a soft smile, to which she returned one. She knows my entire life story. She tossed me my apron with my name tag and I got to work.
Once my shift was over I headed back to my "home" I had a song called "You Found Me" playing this time. I pulled out my headphones as I jogged up the steps to enter the house. I had to shower then watch Pretty Little Liars.
I'm obsessed with that show. My favorite actor is Shay Mitchell. She's just so cute and kind hearted. God I love her so much. I entered the house and saw my foster mother.
"Theres Sarah!" She exclaimed and motioned for me to follow her. Confused I shoved my phone in my pocket and followed her. She took me into a room where I see people go, then the leave the house forever.
The interview room. The key out of this hell hole. As I entered the room, I saw a really pretty lady, she looked about late twenties. And she was staring at my picture in the adoption book. She had beautiful brown hair
"Miss. Mitchell, here is Sarah." My foster mom smiled.
Miss Mitchell? Shay Mitchell! Oh how I wish. The lady looked up and smiled.
Oh my Lord that lady is Shay Mitchell. Okay operation cover scars with hoodie. I pulled my sleeves down over my hand.
"Hi Miss. Mitchell." I smiled trying not to fangirl. Everyone here told me I'm the fangirl of the house, which was true.
"Hi Sarah." Shay smiled. "How would you like to come home with me?"
I nodded. I was gonna miss my foster mom, and all the girls in the house, but I could never pass up an opportunity to get adopted by Shay Mitchell.
My foster mom explained about my background. Which was just my parents dying, not having any close family members to turn to. It sucks not being family oriented.
Shay gave me a sympathetic look.
"Okay hon go ahead and pack, I'll have miss Mitchell fill out what she needs to." My foster mom smiled. I nodded and jogged up the stairs to find my best friend in the house Jennifer watching Pretty Little Liars.
"Hey! Where have you been?" She asked muting the tv because the show just ended. I plopped down to grab my suitcase.
"I got adopted." I smiled. Jennifer gave me a huge hug.
"By who?" She asked.
"This is gonna sound crazy but, Shay Mitchell." I smiled. Jennifer looked at me with wide eyes.
"You mean. The actor who plays Emily Fields?" She asked. I nodded shoving the rest of stuff in my bag.
"Thats crazy!" She exclaimed, but she believed me. She helped me pack, and I headed down. I spotted Shay and my foster mom talking by the door.
I walked over to them and stood there quietly. Shay smiled.
"Well I think that's everything." My mother sighed. I nodded.
"Okay Miss. Mitchell she's all yours." She smiled. I went and stood next to Shay, who smiled and wrapped an arm around my shoulders.
"Lets go hon" Shay smiled while leading me out the door. It was strange going with her though. I freeze up a lot. That and I'm socially awkward.