
I followed quietly. She led me to a car and I hopped in the front seat. She started the car and backed out.
"You ready to live in LA 90% of your life?" She asked smiling. Oh wow. I forgot about that. She travels between Canada and LA. This is gonna be fun.
She pulled up to our small airport. She returned her rental car and we entered the airport. I sighed and followed Shay onto the plane. She offered me the window seat.
I took it and smiled slightly. This may not be so bad. The robotic voice announced take off. I put my headphones in and listened to Hunter Hayes. I stared out the window and watched the clouds slowly roll by.
I must've fallen asleep because soon Shay was shaking me to wake up. I woke up and had a mini heart attack, I completely forgot I'm spending, hopefully, the rest of my life with Shay.
"Were in LA love." She stated, giving me a soft smile. She's been going easy on me because of my history. I'm sure as soon as she gets to know me, there's gonna be questions. And there will be a lot of them
Shay took me to the set of Pretty Little Liars. I saw Troian right away. Troian stood up and sent Shay a super confused look.
"Jeez Shay, we got to keep an eye on you." She teased. Shay laughed a bit.
"Troian this is Sarah." Shay smiled. Troian smiled brightly and extended her hand. I took it and shook it. Lucy came over soon after.
"Lucy!" Shay smiled. Lucy gave her a hug, soon noticing me.
"Aw she's adorable! Who is she?" Lucy asked hugging me.
"This is Sarah I adopted her." Shay told Lucy. Lucy whispered something to Shay.
"She is!" Shay exclaimed remembering something. Lucy ran off somewhere. Strange girl. She came back soon after with Lindsey Shaw and Ashley Benson.
In my foster home I made Lindsey a project and joked around with Ashley on Twitter. Lindsey came over and pulled me into a hug.
"I loved what you made for me." Lindsey said. I smiled brightly and hugged her back.
"Ash Benzo!" I teased. She laughed, loving the nickname I gave her. Shay had to go on set leaving me Lindsey, Lucy and Ash in Lucy's dressing room.
Ash plopped on an arm chair.
"We should do a live stream." Suggested Lucy.
Lindsey got super excited. I'm assuming she loves live streams.
I'm looking forward to this.
--------------------------------------------HELLO!
I hope you enjoyed this!!
Ok so I posted an update on my wall because I'm working on a lot of stories right now.