
I smiled to myself as I thought about just how hot my boyfriend was.
Green eyes that sparkled. Large biceps to hold onto in public.
A six pack to-
"What are you thinking about, Melanie?" Paul chuckled next to me.
I blushed and just hummed in reply.
"It wouldn't be my abs again?" He mused.
"Oh hush, Zimmer." I rolled my eyes, even though I knew he was totally and utterly right.
"Make me, Attar."
"Okay." I smiled and then put my hand over his mouth. Paul playfully glared at me over the top of my fingers.
He reached his hand up and pulled my hand away from his mouth.
"This is not what i had in mind, you know."
I shrugged. "You can't say that you are surprised by my actions."
He laughed a bit. "No, you're right, I can't say that."
I grinned cheekily and squeezed his hand.
"Did I tell you, that you look beautiful tonight, yet?"
I blushed and looked down at my lap. "Only about a million times since we walked out of the hotel room."
"Well, it's true." He hummed and tapped the table with his other hand. I could feel him smiling at me, causing my face to turn a shade of red.
Even after being with him for 3 years, every compliment he gave me, made butterflies dance in my stomach.
And that's saying something.
Because everyone knows, I am not a sentimental person. For God's sake, I hate cheesy things. Or romance books. Anything romantic actually.
But when it came to Paul, those thoughts went away, and I was just filled with my love for him.
See, this is why people don't let me share my feelings. I turn into a mushy person and it's horrible. For everyone.
Paul smiled at me, as if he knew what I was thinking about. I let my hair fall into my face, covering my eyes so he couldn't stare at me anymore.
I could still see him though. And he was biting his lower lip, ever so slightly. I'm not even sure he knew he was doing that.
He released his lip from his teeth's hold and his eyes got a faraway look in them. Which meant he was thinking about something.
Then the corners of his mouth turned up, barely. If I hadn't been staring at his lips, I wouldn't have noticed.
Luckily for me, I'm always staring at his lips.
You can't blame me for that though. They're the best fucking lips in the whole wide world, seeing as they are attached to Paul Josef Zimmer.
Paul reached his hand forward and brushed away the hair from my face. He tucked the strands behind my ear and then his smiled widened.
"That's better." He murmured. I blushed some more and adverted my eyes from his gaze.
My eyes landed on someone who was walking towards our table.
"Paul?"
"Hmmm?"
I turned back towards him. "Is that Gregory Jackson?" I whispered.