
This chapter might have a different beat to it because i'm not listening to the usual music i listen to while writing. i'm listening to more happy and upbeat so this might seem happier (als known as cheesier) than usual. you can thank P!nk( for the first half) and Imagine dragons (second half)

Not to much longer after we left did we end up at the address Paul had given me. There were already cars on the street, and a bunch of them. Who all had come?
I searched for a spot to park the car, with Anastasia's help. We made small talk while looking for somewhere.
"So how's Quentin?" I asked.
I saw her shrug out of the corner of my eye.
"You don't know?"
"No... he's been on a business trip in Japan for the past week, and where he's at doesn't have good signal or wifi, so we barely ahve the time to chat."
"Oh... I'm sorry."
"It's fine. Besides, you're about to have to deal with that anyway, you know, with Paul going on Digi."
I groaned. "Don't remind me."
"Are you sure you're okay with him leaving for two months?"
"I'm gonna mess him a lot, obviously, but yeah, it's his job and I don't want him to miss a chance to meet fans."
Ana reached over and patted my back. "I'll be here to annoy you whenever you miss him."
"You don't annoy me."
"Challenge accepted." She stated before pointing off somewhere. "Hit the gas, there's a spot!"
"Hit the gas, kill them all?"
Anastasia laughed and nodded.
I did as she said, and stepped on the gas, pealing through the street towards the area she had pointed at.
Minutes later, we were out of teh car, and walking towards the building. There were balloons leading the way, causing me to chuckle slightly.
"Are you excited for your wedding?" She asked.
"Of course!"
"Where are you going on your honeymoon at?"
"Paul wouldn't tell me." I laughed.
"Well, is it in America?"
"No clue!"
"So you don't know if you need to get your passport updated or not?"
"I already did, just incase."
"Where do you think you're going?"
I just shrugged.
"Where do you want to go?"
"Somewhere where I can meet lots of famous people."
"You already do meet famous people. You live in Los Angeles, and you see Paul's famous friends."
"Yeah, but I've never met Gerard Way, or Dave Grohl. Or Jensen Ackles, Misha Collins, orJared Padalecki."
"But you've met every member from 5sos, One Direction -including Zayn- Vic Fuentes, and Kellin Quinn!"
"First off, I don't really care that I've met 1D. Remember? i don't like their music. And as for meeting Vic and Kellin, it was a quick 'hi' and that's it. Danny hogged Kellin and Clara hogged Vic."
"You still met every member of 5 Seconds of Summer."