
Who is that dude?
All of these questions were running through my head as I grabbed Paul's hand and linked our fingers together. He looked at me, smiled and then turned back to the man.
"Who's this lovely lady?" The man asked, looking directly at me.
"Oh I'm sorry, I forgot my manners. Melanie, this is Scott. He's a TV show producer. Scott, this is Melanie. She's my fiancée."
He put his hand out to shake and I reluctantly did.
I didn't know this person and I had to touch his hand.
I know that makes me sound like a bitch, but god I didn't like to touch people that I didn't know.
"I wasn't aware that you were engaged. " Scott commented.
Paul smiled. "Yeah, she just said yes today."
I ignored the rest of their conversation and looked around the lobby. There was confetti in random places due to the fact that it was New Years.
A few minutes later, I felt a tug on my hand, telling me that Paul was leading me somewhere. I looked up at him and smiled. He smiled back at me as we stepped into the elevators.
He put his arm around my waist once the doors closed, and pulled me into him. I nuzzled into his side, taking in his comforting warmth.
"I love you." He mumbled into my hair.
I blushed slightly and made sure he couldn't see my face before answering.
"I love you more."
"Bullshit."
I chuckled. "Oh really?"
"Yes. It is complete and utter bullshit because it is impossible for you to love me more than I love you."
"You keep telling yourself that."
Paul laughed against my head, and I smiled, glad to have made the beautiful noise that is his laugh, come out.
"How do you like Las Vegas so far?" He asked as we walked out of the elevator, after it came to a stop.
"We've only been here since 6 PM today, and during that time we were helping set up the party!" I exclaimed.
Paul stuck his tongue out at me, while fishing out the hotel room key. I mimicked his actions, but instead of pulling out a the key, I pulled out my phone.
I had a text from Anastasia.
Call me as soon as you can.
Was it too late, or should I say early, to call?
I decided to wait until I woke up, just in case she was asleep.
Paul finally managed to open our door, after about three minutes of swiping the card. Every time he failed, i would laugh and he would glare at me. Which resulted in me sticking my tongue out at him.
I know, I've matured a lot since my wheelchair days, haven't I?
When the door opened, Paul made sure it stayed that way as I walked in. He followed behind me, and then shut the door, making sure to lock it.
He walked to the bathroom while I walked over to my suitcase.
This dress had been getting on my nerves all night. I felt like my legs were naked. And believe me, walking around feeling like you need more clothes on isn't the best thing in the world.
But let's not listen to me complain about my first world problems.