
5 Months Later
"I'm thinking blue." I stated. Clara looked over my shoulder at the colors I was holding.
She snatched the paper off of me. "Which one?"
"27." I stated.
She looked over the shade of blue. "Hmmm... I like it." She handed the paper back.
"I'm also thinking a knee length dress, with a sweet heart neckline."
Clara nodded. "I like the sound of that. I'll have Abigail look for it. You need to look for  a wedding dress and then get to that interview."
I smiled at her. "Thank you Clara."
"Of course." She smiled back and then walked over to Abigail, the clerk here.
She talked to her for a few seconds before Abigail nodded and walked off. Clara then walked back towards me.
"Alright, I'm going to find Cather, and ask her to help you find a dress."  She stated before yet again walking off. I chuckled and looked through my emails on my phone again. Now  a days, I got over a hundred a day because my email had been leaked. Not that I minded.
It was fun responding to people who enjoyed my book. The only thing that was annoying was the spam and the people who sent the same email about five times.
I mean, seriously why did you need to send me the exact same thing over and over again?
I got through about seven more before Clara returned with Cather.
"Hello Ms. Attar. How can I help you today?" She asked, smiling at me.
"Can you help me find a dress that doesn't have a train? It seems so overdone, and knowing me, I would trip on it."
"When you say you don't want a train, do you mean one that touches the floor or do you mean one that is longer than the rest of the dress even if it doesn't touch the floor?"
I bit my lip as I thought. "The first one."
Cather smiled. "Alright, dear. Did you want cream, white or eggshell?"
"White." I stated.
"Okay." She nodded and walked off, to go find a dress for me.
When she returned, she was holding a small dress. And I mean small in all senses.
It was short. It would probably only go to my mid thigh. There was a train on it, that would probably end up right below my knee. Maybe a little bit further, but it was obvious that the dress wouldn't touch the floor.
There were ruffles coming from the skirt. The corset had holes on the side, tied up with strings. The breast area of it had a Ariel like look. Meaning that it looked like the purple bra from The Little Mermaid, only it was white instead. The sleeves  were just straps, as thin as 07 lead from a mechanical pencil.
"No. No way, not happening." I stated once Cather was close enough to hear me. Clara chuckled.
"Sorry Mel, but you have to try it on."
"Why?" I asked.
"Because I picked it out just for you!" She smirked. I growled at her.
"Sorry darling." She smiled. "Think of it as a late birthday present."
"My birthday was 4 months ago! Jesus Christ, Clara! Don't you think it's a little late?"
"I'm an Edge now, you can't be even remotely surprised."