
"Why not?" I turned around to look at her. "I don't like it, so why can't I act that way?"
She rolled her eyes. "And people say that I'm the moody one."
"I am not moody, and also you are moody." I crossed my arms.
"Just because I'm pregnant does not mean that I'm moody."
"Uh yeah, it kind of does. Idiot." I muttered the last part and started to pull off the veil.
"Fine, whatever." Clara huffed. "Just hurry up and get that dress off and then get to your interview."
"Got it."
I walked into the dressing room.
***
"And now, Melanie Attar!"
I came onto the stage at my cue. I smiled at the lady, knowing that if I didn't I would seem rude. The seat that I sat down in was fairly comfortable and soft.
"Thanks for coming." Christopher stated.
I smiled some more. "Thank you for having me."
"So, how does it feel to be an author of a chart topping book?"
"I'm actually quite surprised." I chuckled. "I wasn't expecting anyone to like my book, especially because I know that I'm not a good author. Or at least in my opinion." I shrugged at the last part.
"Why would you be surprised? Your book is amazing! I love how it symbolizes that women don't need men to save them."
Even though I didn't know that my book symbolized that, I smiled and nodded.
The interview continued like that; Chris complimenting my book on things that I didn't know were apart of it, and me just smiling and nodding.
Eventually, it came time for me to go home.
"Thank you again for agreeing to coming."
"Any time." I smiled and shook his hand, and then walked off of the stage.
I got into my car after leaving the studio and drove home.
The lights were off when I walked inside of my house. Either Paul was asleep, or not home.
Spots was laying on the couch when I walked into the living room, so that told me that Paul had yet to come home. I went over to where he was and scratched his head.
"Gotta go potty?" I asked. Spot jumped off of the couch and ran to the back door. I chuckled and followed, then let him out. He made figure eights around the grass for a minute or two before stopping and going to the restroom.
He came back to the door, and I opened it up for him. He darted into the house and ran straight for Paul and I's bedroom.
I followed after him, unzipping my sundress as I did so. Once in the bedroom, I slipped out of my clothes, and pulled off my bra. I then pulled on one of Paul's shirts and sighed.
I quickly climbed into bed and pulled the comforter over my body. Spots jumped onto it and laid at my feet. He curled into a ball as I reached over and grabbed the remote for the TV,
I turned it on and went to Netflix. Being the mature 'young adult' that I was, I clicked on High School Musical. The movie started up and soon, I was dozing off.
When I woke up, it was to the sound of the bedroom door opening. High School Musical was still playing, so it couldn't have been asleep for more than an hour.
"Paul?" I croaked out.