
I mouthed 'help me!' as I was dragged away. He shook his head, chuckling slightly, as Clara pulled me off who knows where.
"Stop it!" I whined as she continued to drag me away.
"Nope." The p popped.
I groaned some more, causing her to smack my arm.
"Rude!" I whined.
"Good! You're being annoying so i get to be rude!"
"Not fair!"
"Totally fair! Now, shut the fuck up and just follow me."
I rolled my eyes but complied with the pregnant, and moody, woman.
Eventualy she stopped over at a table, where no one was at, and forced me to sit down in a chair across from her. I did, just so she wouldn't smack me again, and lookde at her expectantly.
"So I was on the phone with Brittany about an hour before we came here and there's a slight problem."
"How slight?" I asked, already worried.
"Apparently this summer has been rain filled, meaning that it could be completely sunny one second, and pouring down rain the next. It's been doing this the entire summer, according to her."
"What?! But the wedding is outside!"
"I know! That's why I fucking told you! Duh! And you call me dumb!"
"When did I ever call you dumb?"
"Not the point right now!"
"Right, sorry. So what are we gonna do?"
"I was thinking that we could rent some of those wedding tents, so that if it does start to rain, everyone can just run into those."
"But aren't those things expensive?"
"Yeah...... and?"
"I'm not going to waste more of Paul's money!" I exclaimed.
She rolled her eyes. "Oh come on, they don't cost that much! Besides, would you rather have the wedding ruined by rain?"
I sighed. "What's the chance of rain? Like percentage wise."
"Uh.. 5o I believe."
I rested my head on the table and let out a loud groan. I then repeatedly hit my head against it."
"Why"-hit-"do"-hit-"bad"-hit-"things"-hit-"always"-hit-"happen to me?" I then slammed my head really hard against the table causing me to whimper.
"Moron." Clara muttered under her breath. I growled at her.
"You're not a dog, knock it off."
"You're right. I'm a mother-fucking werewolf." I replied back sarcastically?
"Wait, you're the werewolf that fucked my mother?"
"What?"
"I mean," she fake coughed. "What?"
I pursed my lips and raised my eyebrows at her.
"Alright, back to normal stuff! What are you going to do about the rain?"
"Pray that it doesn't rain? Talk to Zeus?"
"Or you could just buy a goddamn tent and stop freaking out?"
"No! I'm not wasting Paul's money on that!'
"Then use yours!"