
I went back to flipping the pancakes.
Once I was done, Paul had set the table with two forks, two knives, two plates, coffee for him, grape juice for me, and maple syrup.
"Ooooh they're golden brown."
I laughed at Paul a bit and then set 4 on his plate, and 3 on mine.
"Thank you." He mumble to me before pecking my lips.
I pecked them back and sat down in my seat. He instantly started eating while I took a sip of my juice.
"What are you doing today?"
I raised my shoulders in a shrug.
He chuckled. "So nothing then?"
"Basically yeah. Except, at 8 PM, Clara is forcing me to go to the mall with her."
"8 PM?"
"Apparently said mall stays open until 12 AM."
"Oh, okay. I guess during that time I can see if Danny wants to go tot he movies with me."
"Awe, gonna go on a date with your friend?"
He lightly shoved my shoulder. "Shut up Melanie."
I stuck my tongue out at him. "Make me."
He reached out and pinched my lips together between his forefinger and thumb. I glared at him causing him to smile.
"Ah much better. No more bratty comments."
I smacked his arm, causing him to chuckle.
"Kidding." He said through chuckles.
I rolled my eyes at him before going back to glaring
"What do you want to do today?"
I shrugged.
"Well then you and me are going to hang out and watch stupid movies on the couch. Got it?"
I smiled under his fingers and nodded. He released my lips, kissed them, and then went back to eating. I chuckled quietly, causing him to flash me a grin.
***
"Do you ever realize that you never stop tasting your own tongue?" I asked Paul. We had decided to go outside and currently we were sitting in the backyard on our hammock, with Spots running around and barking at random points.
My head was resting on his chest as he used his right hand to make the hammock sway. He had it rested against the tree it was attached to and he was pushing against it.
"How about I taste yours for a change?" He asked.
"Oh my god Paul!" I yelled, laughing.
"What? You can't say something like that and not expect me to have that reply!"
"It was surprising that you were so smooth about it! Usually you're as smooth a pimpley teenager's face!"
He grumbled something unintelligible causing me to laugh.
"Did I hurt your feeling, Zimmer?"
"Yes, yes you did, Attar. "
"Awe, don't get all butt hurt, butt-munch."
"You know, I'm just realizing how verbally abusive you are."
"What are you going to do about it?" I asked, turning around so my face was hovering over his.