
This chapter was so awkward to write because i was in english class next to one of my friends who doesn't like fanfiction
"Clara, do I have to?" I whined. She was trying to get me to go into Victoria Secret and I honestly did not want to go inside.
"Dammit Melanie! Go inside the fucking store and pick out some nice underwear for your honeymoon!"
"But I don't want to!"
"And I don't care! Now, go in there before I pick something out myself!"
I let out a huff and slumped into the damned underwear store. The smell of perfume was retched, causing me to almost gag.
"Ugh ew, they need to lighten up on whatever the hell they spray in here." Clara stated from my side. I just nodded and looked around.
The entire store was overwhelming. I wanted to run out and hide in a closet. Maybe I could hang out with Harry Potter in said closet.
"Why can I just wear normal undergarments?" I whined, not wanting to be another second in here.
"I've seen your underwear. It's all plain."
"I like plain."
"Well, Paul would appriecate something else i gurantee you."
I rolled my eyes. "Like Paul would care what underwear I'm wearing."
"Well, I've seen what you wear, and it's like fucking granny panties."
"Fine, I'll get something 'nicer' but I am not getting a thong! Got it?"
People around us started to stare at me, seeing as I had raised my voice at the  last part. Clara glared at everyone, causing them to go back to what they were doing.
"Fine, i won't make you get  a thong."
"Or lace!"
"Ugh, are you trying to go for plain?"
"I like plain." I mumbled.
She sighed. "Well, I don't. And you said I could help plan your wedding so I'm helping with this."
"This doesn't have to do with my wedding! This is just you wanting to win that bet."
"About you not having sex?"
"Yeah!"
"Melanie, we both know that I'll win that no matter what. So why not pretty yourself up and have some fun?"
"Why am I even having this conversation with you?!" I exclaimed. "This is so fucking awkward!"
"Good! Now go pick out something sexy and try it out."
I rolled my eyes and walked over to one of the stands. I had no clue what i  was supposed to be looking for,
I grabbed a pair of blue underwear and held it up. "These?"
"Oh for Christ sake." Clara mumbled. She grabbed something black and tossed it at my face. "Go try this on!"
"I don't trust your judgement."
"And I don't care."
"I want to wear my own underwear on the honeymoon!" I whined some more. "Why do I have to get this shit?"
"To help you look sexy!"
"Paul already thinks I look 'sexy' as you put it."
Clara rolled her eyes at me and turned back to the stand. "Well, this will make him take that back because he didn't realize that that wasn't sexy, and this is."