
She giggled at me and nodded.
Keeping my eyes on her the whole time -so i could yell at her incase she moved- i backed up to the cabinet with the broom. I quickly grabbed it, along with the dust pan and darted back over to where she was.
Making sure I didn't make any glass go closer to her than it already was, i swept up the mess. Once I was sure that it was all gone, I  picked her up and brought her to our bedroom.
As I was reaching for her zipper to get her out of the dress she was wearing -so she could have a more comfortable night sleep- she smacked my hand.
I winced and shook it out. "What was that for?"
"I have a fiance and he will kill you if you try to touch me." She huffed, and crossed her arms.
Was she really that drunk that she didn't recognize me?
"Melanie, I am your fiance."
"No, my fiance is a human! You're a purple and green dinosuar!"
"I am not Barney, I'm Paul, your soon to be husband."
"What the fuck is a Barney?"
I pressed the palms of my hands to my eyes and let out a long groan.
"Mister Dinosuar, are you okay?"
I didn't reply, just turned away from her and went into the bathroom. I wasn't in the mood to deal with a drunk Melanie right now.
---
I slept on the couch that night, because I didn't want her to start hitting me and yelling at me about how her 'fiance would kill me'.
"Paul?" I heard her call out.
Instead of saying anything back to her, I turned on my side and pulled my pillow over my head.
"Paul?" She said again, closer this time.
I felt her hand rub my arm, before I heard her sigh.
"What did i do this time?" She muttered. "God I'm such a fuck-up."
Before I could say that she wasn't, her hand left my arm and she left the room.
The back door opened, meaning that Melanie had either gone out there herself, or she was letting Spots out.
Knowing her, she was sitting in the hammock, saying bad things about herself.  Not wanting to have to worry about her doing anything she might regret, I untangled myself from my blanket and walked outside.
Melanie was sitting under a tree, Spots head laying in her lap.
She was smiling softly as she stroaked his head. (a/n; ah ah dirty mind kill me)
"Who's a good boy? You are!"
Spots tail was wagging, meaning that he was obviously loving the attention from my beautiful fiance.
As I took a step closer to her, the porch under my feet creaked. She glanced up, and the smile left her face.
"I'm sorry for whatever I did last night." She looked down in her lap. Spots licked her hand, his tail no longer wagging. "What did I do that made you sleep out on the couch, though?" She glanced up at me before looking back down at the dog.
He licked her face.
"You were drunk, and didn't recognize me, so i didn't want to sleep in the same bed as you when you thought i was someone else. Or something i should say."