
"Who?"
"Onision!"
"Oh. Uh, where?"
I pointed towards the person, who was slowly making his way over to our table.
"No, Melanie."
"But he looks like him!"
"Yeah, I know." Paul chuckled. "Believe me, it's not him. Greg declined Danny's invitation a while back."
"How come?"
"He and his wife had something special planned." He shrugged. "At least that's what i heard. There could be a different reason, not that I would know."
I nodded. Danny did say that a bunch of YouTubers declined his invitation from family things.
"Then who is it?"
"A waiter." Paul chuckled.
"Oh."
He smiled at me and brushed his thumb of the top of my hand. I just simply smiled back and reached over for my glass.
Well one of my glasses. I had two, one filled with water and one empty.
I had grabbed my water glass.
I took a sip and then place the clear cup back onto the table. Paul was watching me the entire time.
"How about we go out for a walk?" He suggested after a few minutes of us not talking. We didn't need to, nothing was awkward and we were just enjoying each other's company.
"Walk? Paul, it's midnight!" I exclaimed, chuckling.
"Well, it's Las Vegas! It's not like we won't be able to see, everything will be lit up!"
I sighed, pretending to be annoyed. He probably knew I was faking it. "Fine."
Paul smiled and got up without another word. He put his hand down for me, and i took it great fully.
With ease, he pulled me up and we started to walk out to the room.
Danny caught up with us before we were completely gone. I noticed that Clara wasn't with him this time.
"Hey, where you guys going?"
"For a walk." Paul replied.
They were staring at each other for a second before Danny nodded. Did they just have a silent conversation or something? Or did time freeze?
"Alright, I'll see you later."
Danny then turned to me, smiled and then winked. Before I could question why he winked, he walked back into the party.
Paul pulled me along with him into the silent hallway.
Thank God.
The pounding music from the party had started to give me a migraine.
As we walked down the hallway, I noticed two people making out against the wall.
"Dammit Kelly and Jenny! Get a fucking room!" I laughed. Jenny turned around and stuck her tongue out at me, while Kelly just blushed in response.
"Oh hush up, I've walked in on you and Paul trading saliva!"
"That wasn't in the middle of a hallway! It was my house!" I threw my hands up in the air. Paul's arm came with me because our hands were still linked.
"Alright come on Melanie..." Paul pulled me away from Kelly and Jenny, and the two went back to their tonsil hockey.