
"Well you should!"
"Hmmmm.... no."
I pulled my underwear off and turned on the shower.
As I waited for it to heat up, I got a towel out from under the sink and then a mini shampoo and conditioner.
It took me about 6 minutes to shower. I didn't need to shave my legs because I had them waxed about 18 hours ago, so there was no point. Seeing as there was no hair.
I turned the water off and stepped out of the shower.
Quickly,  I grabbed a towel so I wouldn't freeze.
After about two minutes of towel drying my body, I got into my swim suit.
It was a two piece, but one that didn't show my stomach.
The suit was completely black, and had a bit of lace designs on it. So basically, it was quite simple.
Which I liked. Simple is nice.
Deciding to just let my hair be as it is, I walked out of the bathroom. Paul was nowhere in sight.
I sighed and walked back over to my suitcase and grabbed my flip-flops and then stole the grey shirt that Paul was going to where last night as a cover up.
Then I slipped on some of his athletic shorts.
Even though my hair was still wet, it wasn't dripping. If anything, it was more damp then actually wet.
I grabbed one of the hotel room keys and walked out of the room, seeing if I could find a place to go get some food at.
Only after I walked out of the room, did I realize I had forgotten my wallet, and my phone.
Just as I was about to swipe the card to open the door, it opened from the inside.
Paul was wearing his swim trunks and a tank top. He raised his eyebrows at me.
"I was just about to go get you. Where were you going?"
"I was about to go find a place that had some food but I forgot my wallet, so I came back."
"It's a good thing that you forgot your wallet because I ordered room service."
"Really? What'd you order?"
"Food."
I rolled my eyes at him and walked back into the hotel room. Paul chuckled behind me.
"Are you wearing my clothes?"
"Maybe." I turned around to face him, and put my hands on my hips. "Why, do you have a problem with that?" I was kidding of course. And he knew that.
Paul smirked at me then walked over. He placed his hands on top of where mine were and pulled me into him.
"What if I do?"
I shrugged and pulled my hands up so I could wrap them around his neck.
"Well do you?"
"Maybe."
"What are you going to do about it?"
"Hmmmm... wouldn't you like to know."
"Yes, yes I would." I stuck my tongue out at him.
"Well, maybe I could kiss you until you agree to take my shirt off of you."
I chuckled.  "I doubt that you'd be able to do that."