
Melanie's face scrunched up. "You were the purple and green dinosuar?"
"Yes, I was Barney."
She laughed and looked up at me before sticking her tongue out at me. "You didn't look like Barney. You just had the same colors."
This time I laughed.
"So i didn't do anything stupid?"
"Well, if you count you saying i was going to kill myself as stupid, then you did do something stupid."
"I said what?!" She yelled.
"I just realized how that sounds." I grimaced. "You told me that your fiance was going to kill me because i tried to undress you to get you ready for bed. That's what i meant."
"How do you know I don't have another fiance, hmmmmmm?"
"You better not."
"What would you do if i did?"
"Murder him." I shrugged. "Anyone that touches you, dies. Simple."
"See! That's where drunk me got that from."
I laughed and sat down next to her. "Apparentlty drunk you knows me well. Speaking of which, do you have a headache?"
"I have a massive one, yes."
"Then how are you standing the bright ass sunlight?"
"I'm not. It burns. I was just enjoying some time with Spots."
"Melanie, is that the only reason why you're out here?"
She sighed. "No..."
"What's the other reason?"
"I was scared you'd still be mad at me for whatever drunk me had done so I came out here to give you some space."
I pulled her close to me and hugged her tightly. I pressed a kiss to the side of her head.
"Don't bring yourself pain because you're scared of what I might do. " (a/n; hahahahah foreshadowing much?)
"Paul, it's not like I actually brought myself any pain."
"Well, you have a massive headache, don't you? And you're out in the bright sunlight, which would make it much worse. Therefore, you did bring yourself pain."
She shook her head at me, laughing while she did so. And then she winced.
"Ow." She mumbled rubbing her head with her fingers.
"Yeah, let's get you inside."
"I think that's a good idea." I helped her stand up and walked her inside, where I forced her to sit down on the couch.
She nuzzled up in the blankets that I had used last night and pushed her face against the pillows.
I laughed lightly at the sight and then walked to the medicine cabinet.
When I got back to where Melanie was, I had Tylenol and a glass of water.
She looked like she was about to fall asleep again.
"Melanie."
She lifted her head and looked up at me. "Hi."
I handed her the pain killers and the water.
Melanie quickly popped the pill in her mouth, and swallowed it without the water. I raised and eyebrow but didn't question it.