
Melanie's POV:
January 1st, 2018
"Happy New Year!" Everyone around me yelled. Paul pulled me in close and kissed me gently on the lips.
"Happy New Year, Melanie." He whispered, smiling. I rolled my eyes at his cheesiness, but blushed none the less.
"Happy New Year guys!" Clara and Danny cheered as they walked over to us. Clara was holding a wine glass.
"Aren't you underage?" I asked, raising my eyebrows.
"I wouldn't be if I was in the Netherlands!"
"Clara, the legal age here is 21!"
"I don't care!"
"Fine if you go to jail, I'm not bailing you out!"
Danny laughed at the two of us. "You two never change."
"Oh shush, Daniel." Clara stuck her tongue out at him.
"I don't like being called that you know that!" He whined.
I chuckled, and so did Paul.
We left the two lovebirds alone to settle their 'argument'. That's about as close as they got to a disagreement.
I swear, sometimes those two were like the perfect couple. And then there was Paul and I, who couldn't go a week without arguing over something.
It was usually stupid, like who's turn it was to wash the dishes. Or who had to take the trash out. Who's turn it was to go walk the dog.
The last one wasn't that often, seeing as Paul loved to walk our Brittany. (He loved the breed because it reminded him of his previous dogs.)
Currently, we were in the Flamingo at Las Vegas. They had a room that Danny rented out for this party.
Half the people in here were probably famous in some way, and i wouldn't even know it. Not that I cared.
I would only bat an eye at someone if they were a famous person I actually cared about. And so far, I haven't seen Misha Collins or Gerard Way so, I couldn't be bothered.
Paul intertwined our hands as he pulled me towards our table.
There were names placed in front of the seats.
How classy.
There were a few other name cards at the table , ones that I didn't see, along with a bottle of sparkling cider.
Oh how I love sparkling cider. It was like heaven in my mouth.
Paul pulled out my chair, allowing me to sit down in it.
Ever since I was out of my wheelchair, he does little things like this.
I could remember this one time where my wheelchair's tire popped off, and he carried me all the way home.
And when I say all the way home, I mean 3 miles. (Paul had taken his car in to get it fixed so we had walked to Target to pick up a movie.)
Honestly, that wasn't the most gentlemen thing he had done, but it was definitely one that stood out in my brain.
I smoothend out my pale grey dress. (Yes, Clara had forced me into a dress.)
Paul's tie actually matched the color of my dress.
Over the years, he's let his hair grow out a bit, causing some of it to fall into his face. And that's how it was now.
Twisted ever so slightly around his head, with his bangs falling in his face. God, was it hot.