
Melanie's POV:
"W-what?" I stuttered out in utter shock. I was definitely not expecting this. Honestly, I had thought that Paul was starting to get sick of me. And this was the exact opposite of that.
"Will you marry me?" He repeated, now holding a ring in his hands. When had that gotten there? Am I blind or something?
I slowly nodded, and then it became faster, as I was hit with happiness. I leaned over and hugged him tightly, tears streaming down my face. I kissed his neck gently.
Paul hugged me back and he rubbed my back, trying to calm me down. By now, my cries had become hiccups. But seriously, I wasn't expecting this from him.
Not even in the future. I had figured that he would break up with me because of some hot girl, especially because we had moved to Los Angeles, as placed filled with mega hot girls.
Paul kissed my head above my ear. I could feel him smiling slightly.
"Thank you." He mumbled.
I had finally managed to stop crying. "For what?" I whispered back.
"For saying yes." He chuckled.
I rolled my eyes. "Of course you would thank me for saying yes, when  you're the one that proposed!"
"Well, Danny would have mocked me for the rest of eternity if you had said no, so thank you for making that happen."
I pulled back and stuck  tongue out at him. "Glad to know that that's what I bring to your life."
"You bring a lot more than that." Paul murmured and kissed my lips quickly, before pulling me so I had to stand up with him.
"I'd give you your ring now, but it needs to be fitted. So, we'll do that first and then I'll give it to you. Okay?"
"I'm not quoting The Fault in Our Stars. Got it?"
Paul chuckled and kissed my cheek. "Only you." He mumbled and then started to pull me out of the lot.
"What about all the stuff?"
"Don't worry." He rubbed my back through my dress.
Yet again, a breeze went by, causing me to shiver and rub my arms. Only then did Paul pull off his blazer and hand it to me.
"Sorry that I didn't give it to you before. The engagement ring was in the pocket and I didn't want you to guess." He chuckled and then rubbed the back of his neck. "I feel bad that I had to put you through the cold without a jacket but-"
I cut him off. "Paul, it's fine! I understand why you did that. So don't worry."
"I still feel like a jerk."
"Don't. You had a good reason."
Paul squeezed my hand. I could feel the smile radiating off of him.
We walked back to the Flamingo Hotel, hand in hand.
Once we entered, I was swarmed by Clara, Jenny and Kelly. All three girls were squealing.
"So what did you say?!" Kelly was practically bouncing as she talked.
I decided to feign confusion. "To what?"
All of their eyes went wide. "Uh... oh... never mind...." Jenny scratched the back of her neck and whistled awkwardly.
"No, no tell me." I was having a hard time holding back my smile.
"We'd rather not." Clara replied.