
{At The Little Kid's School}
Luna's P.O.V
I got to the school and started panting I almost fell over but I caught myself on the wall. I saw Nashi run up next to me and then Storm started creeping up behind me. He screamed "BOO!" and I jumped so high I fell on my knees and screamed "OUCH!" He kneeled next to me and asked "are you ok Lun?". As soon as he said that I hear Sylvia, Rin, Lacey, and Nashi singing "Storm and Luna sitting in a tree K-I-S-S-I-N-G!" I gave them a death glare with salmon cheeks like my hair and they stopped IMMEDIATELY!
Good my death glare worked. I hear Storm chuckle and say "they're just little kids Lun. Don't take it so seriously." I give him a death glare too and he just smiles at me. THE NERVE! "Storm are you asking to be killed?!?" I say madly. "N-no!" He stutters nervously. I just giggle and stand up then wipe the dirt off my uniform. I reach out my hand to help Storm up and he takes it. I swear I'm redder than Erza's hair!
Storm's P.O.V
Man is she scary! I see her stand up and wipe the dirt off her uniform. Then she reaches her hand out for me and I take it and get up. Her face is so red! "Hey Lun." "Hu?" She answers"Are you cold? Your face is red.""Ye-yeah." She stutters.I hear Lacey say "she likes you Storm! Tsk! Take a hint already."Luna with her dragon senses hears and glares at Lacey and almost pounces on her when I hold her back. "Let's go home" I say.
{At Luna's Home}
Storm's P.O.V
I drop off Luna, Lacey and Nashi at their house. Their parents aren't home yet so i wait for them to get inside when I hear my Mom yelling for me, Rin, and Sylv from inside. So I run in followed by Rin and Sylv.
Luna's P.O.V
Storm walks us home. When we walk inside Juvia is waiting for us with Grey. Me, Lacey, and Nashi stand at the doorway, shocked. "Wh-what happened Mrs. Fullbuster? Wh-why are you here?" Lacey shakely says. Juvia calls for Storm, Rin, and Slyvia to come in so I turn around and open the door as I hear them run toward the house. They run in and I close the door and walk over to Storm while Rin and Slyvia walk over to Lacey and Nashi. "Grey. Juvia. What happened?" I say, scared.
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
Konicaiwh minna! (Hello everyone!)It's breezzlly2003 here! Or Bree whatever you wanta call me!I hoped you like my story so far.CLIFFHANGER FOR YA'LL!Bye minna! 👋🏼
~Breezzlly2003