
When we got into the bedroom, Spots was lying on the bed. He perked up at the sound of us.
Paul  gently set me down on the bed and climbed in after me. He pulled me tightly against him.
"I don't want you to ever listen to anyone if they say bad things about you, got it? Ever."
I nodded, even though I knew that any day, this would happen again.
He kissed my lips sweetly. "Stop lying to me." He mumbled against them. I chuckled slightly and pulled him closer to me, snuggling up into him.
Spots then cuddled into my other side, joining us. I reached an arm back and pet him.
Paul placed a kiss on my forehead, but didn't move his lips away as I fell asleep.
***
When I woke up in the morning, it was because Spots had been twitching against me. I stroked his fur, keeping my eyes closed so I could go back to sleep.
I ended up not being able to fall back asleep.
I pried myself loose from Paul's arms, still greatful that he was a heavy sleeper so I didn't wake him.
I left the bedroom, with Spots following me. He ran straight towards the back door and sat by it. I knew that meant he needed to go to the restroom, so I let him out.
I rubbed my eyes, when my stomach growled. I frowned down at it.
I knew that I was hungry, but I didn't want to eat any food. Not because I thought food was gross-quite the opposite actually- it's just my head was still focused on what those people had said to me.
I knew Paul would be upset if I told him that I was still thinking about that, even though  he  tried so hard last night to take my mind off it, so I decided not to tell him.
I just grabbed a water bottle and sat down on the couch. It was currently 7 am, and there was nothing on cable, so I went to Netflix.
I put on Mulan, because it was my favorite Disney Princess Movie, and day-dreamed as it played in the background.
I was in a closet, trying to get out. There were jackets all around me, smothering me. It was impossible to breathe.
There was no light at all. It was complete and utter darkness, so I couldn't see the monster hiding in here with me.
I had managed to lock myself in here, trying to get away from the monster, but she had gotten in here with me.
I couldn't escape the monster.
I could hear her foul words. They were ringing in my ears.
I could feel her nasty breath. It was going across my neck.
I could smell her putrid stench. It was burning my nose hairs, making it extra hard to breathe.
A light then appeared, and the room changed. I was in a room full of mirrors.
I could still feel the monster near me. I heard her voice.
"Melanie." She hissed. Her fork tongue slithered between her teeth.
I took a deep intake of breath. She was standing in front of the mirror.
I turned my body, and she did also.
She wasn't standing in front of the mirror.