
I frowned and shook my head.
"I don't want that though." i mumbled, still frowning.
"Fine. You can wear your stupid plain underwear. Just don't expect Paul to be wowed."
I brought my hands up to my face and dragged them down. Was she trying to hurt my feelings?
"Fine. I'll try on the stupid underwear." I muttered bitterly.
Clara grinned.
***
"Are you sure that's what you want?" A lady asked me as I walked out of the stall. She worked here, and I believed her name was Alana. She had forced me to let her see the bra Clara made me try on. To say it was awkward was an understatement.
"My friend won't let me leave without buying something like this so yeah I guess."
"Oh no, I understand that. I just meant that it wasn't flattering. It made your boobs look smaller and your stomach bigger."
I gulped in some air before responding. "I always look like that."
"Oh." She then muttered something about feeling sorry for whoever I was getting this for.
I frowned and put the bag down, not even bothering to pay for my stuff. God I hated stores like these! They made you feel self conscious to make more money.
I ran out of the store, knowing that Clara had seen me zoom past her.
"Melanie?" She called after me. I turned around, a frown still on my face and tears lining my eyes. I was probably over reacting but that lady just insulted me. I knew these things were true but I hated hearing it come from other people.
"I want to go home." I stated.
Clara sighed. "Alright, we'll go back to my place."
I shook my head. "No, I want to go home."
"Oh come on Melanie. Daniel and Paul are having some guy time. You and me can go to my place and watch some TV and eat some ice cream."
I continued to shake my head.
"Ugh! You're being so difficult! Fine! I'll call Paul and see if I can drop you off there."
She stomped away from me and then pulled out her phone. She talked to Paul for a minute, her hands flailing as she talked. And then she walked back over to me.
"He wants to talk to you." Clara stated.
I nodded and took the phone from her and brought it up to my ear.
"Hi Paul." I mumbled.
"Hey, what happened?"
I forced myself to sound cheery. "What do you mean?"
"Well, something made you want to come back, obviously, and I wanted to know what."
"Oh no, it's nothing like that.  I just missed you." I was lying through my teeth. And no doubt did he know it.
"Give the phone back to Clara." He sighed.
"Okay." I mumbled.
Clara took the phone back from me and started to go back to talking to Paul. I twiddled with my thumbs until she was done with her call.
"Paul said he's going to pick you up in the food court. He should be here in 30 minutes."
I nodded.