
The girls snickered. I put my hands over my ears, trying to block out what they were saying.
"Melanie?" I heard someone call out. I looked up to see the girls standing in front of me.
"Yeah?" I asked. My voice shook. It was obvious that I was scared.
"My friend and I were just wondering what Paul saw in you. And then we realized that we couldn't figure it out, so we were wondering if you knew."
I didn't reply.
"So what does he see in you?"
I gulped in some air. "I'm not sure."
Both girls laughed some more and then walked away. What did he see in me?
Tears started to fall down my face as I set my head down on the cool surface of the table. Why did Paul even like me?
All i've brought him is a load of trouble and drama.
I wanted to scream loudly. And I would've too, if I wasn't in public.
"Melanie?" It was a soft voice. The person was right next to me. "Mel?"
"What?" I mumbled.
"Sweetie, why are you crying?"
I dug my head harder into the table. I wanted to disappear. Forever.
"Melanie...." He rubbed my back. "Where's Clara?"
"Shopping." I muttered.
Paul took his hand off my back. "She just left you hear while you were crying?"
"I wasn't crying when she left."
"Then why are you crying now?" He gently set a hand down on my shoulder. I shook it off.
"Melanie." He sighed.
"I don't want to talk about it."
"We'll discuss it when we get home."
I didn't respond. Paul managed to get me out of my seat, and then he picked me up. I rested my head against his chest, tears still coming out.
I could hear the two girls laughing still. God, was I ever as much as a disappointment as I am now?"
"Danny, Clara is shopping. She's somewhere around here so why don't you go find her?"
I turned my head to see Danny in a line for a food cart that sold pizza.
"Okay, I will after I eat."
Paul walked me out into the cool night sky. A shiver ripped through me from a chill breeze. Paul tightened his grip on me.
He set me down in the back seat and I laid down.
"Take a nap on the way home, okay?"
I nodded, even though sleep was the farthest thing from my mind.
***
Thirty minutes later, Paul was making me a bowl of chicken noodle soup to 'calm my nerves' as he said.
Once it was done, he brought it out with two ice cubes floating around the broth.
As I slowly ate the warm noodles, Paul spoke.
"Are you going to tell me what was wrong?"
I didn't reply. Instead, I drank some of the broth.
"Melanie, I can't make you feel better unless you tell me what happened."