
I'm in a public space writing this (a computer room at the 'gym' in the small town that my dad lives in -some people know what town that is-) so this is quite awkward. then again I've updated other stories here during the winter when my computer wouldn't work so hahah yeah...
When I woke up in the morning, Paul had rolled away from me and was holding onto a pillow. He was snoring lightly, his hair falling slightly into his face and there was a bit of drool coming out of his mouth.
I put my hand over my mouth to keep from laughing to loudly.
My stomach then decided to be annoying and growl at me. I groaned quietly and got out of the bed, deciding to make myself some breakfast.
Spots followed me out of the bedroom and into the kitchen. He sat down and looked up at me, obviously wanting something from me.
I rolled my eyes at him and opened the freezer, pulling out one ice cube. His tail started to wag.
"High five." I stated as I put my hand up. Spot jumped up and hit my hand with his paw. I then gave him the ice cube and turned back to the fridge.
"What should I eat?" I mumbled to myself.
"Pancakes!" The idea popped into my head and for some reason I said it out loud. Spots was watching me like I was crazy. Which I probably was.
I went to the cabinet where I pulled out the Bisquick bag and a measuring cup.
I followed the instructions on how to make 6-7 pancakes (knowing that when Paul woke up he would want one) and pulled out the pan.
Spots then barked, loudly, causing me to wrap my hand around his snout
"Shhhh you'll wake up Paul!" I whispered. Spots obviously had no clue what I was saying so I just stuck my tongue out at him and turned on the stove.
he rubbed up against my leg as I cooked the pancakes, and then I felt someone's arms wrap around me.
"Ooh pancakes." Paul mumbled against my shoulder. His voice was hoarse, seeing as he probably just woke up.
"Did Spots wake you?"
"Nah, the fire truck driving by did."
"There was a fire truck?"
"I swear to God, you are so deaf."
"No I'm not!"
"Yes, you are. But I still love you." He placed a kiss on my shoulder.
I hummed in response.
"So do I get any pancakes or are you going to eat all of them in front of me again?" Paul mumbled against my neck, then placed a kiss there.
Why should you get any?"
"Because I'm hungry."
"Make your own damn food!"
"So I don't get any?" He whined.
"Tell me why you should have some and I'll give you 4."
"Because I love you?"
"Nope."
"I'm hungry?"
"No."
"Uhmm... I'll take out the trash?"
"Okay sure."
"Really Melanie? Really? That's what you agree to?"
"You can't say your surprised."
"No, no I can't." He squeezed me a bit, kissed my cheek and then walked over to the cupboard.