
"Spots, go outside."
The dog jumped away from me and ran towards the back door.
He grabbed my hand and spun me into him. His lips were next to my ear.
"I can't see me lovin' nobody but you for all my life." He whispered. "When you're with me, baby, the skies will be blue for all my life."
We continued like this, Paul singing the lyrics that he knew, dancing with me to the beat, Spots jumping on the backdoor wanting to go outside.
Once the song was done, Paul released me, and leaned down to pick something off the floor. It was the leash.
"I knew where it was the whole time. I just wanted to dance with you for a bit."
I laughed. "You're so cheesy."
"Well, cheesy is my middle name."
"No, it's Josef."
He pursed his lips in the form of a pout.
I sighed. "Fine, it's cheesy."
"Yay!"
"Oh my god Paul stop."
He smiled and pecked my lips before walking over to where Spots was and hooking the leash onto his collar.
"I'll be back in around an hour."
"I'm ordering pizza!" I yelled as he walked out of the house.
"Save me some!" He called back.
"No!"
"You better!"
"And if I don't?"
"You don't get to cuddle with me tonight!"
"Fine by me! I can cuddle with Spots! He's much better at cuddling than you!"
He peeked his head back in through the door. "Now that's just rude."
"Ah you know me. Melanie Rude Attar."
"Soon it's going to be Melanie Rude Zimmer."
"Oh just go take Spots for a walk!"
He laughed and walked out of the door, closing it behind him. I could hear the gate opening and closing, telling me that he had left.
Roger Rabbit by Sleeping with Sirens was just finishing up as I got Paul's computer to order pizza online.
I ordered a pepperoni and sausage pizza, large because I knew that i would have a few pieces and Paul would eat the rest. And if not, we have some food for tomorrow.
After ordering, I curled up in a ball on the couch, seeing as I was for some reason cold. And freaking bored too.
I decided to check my Twitter account (Clara had convinced me to get a new one last year) so i grabbed my phone and unlocked it.
@5secondofep: @melanieattar hey girl, long time no chat! how's everything going?
@melanieattar: @5secondofep pretty good! you should come visit some time :)
@the_real_bob: @melanieattar is there going to be a sequel?
@melanieattar: @the_real_bob yes! I'll be starting it soon
@bulletprooftaco: @melanieattar I heard there's supposed to be a movie. is this rumor true?
@melanieattar: @bulletprooftaco there has been some discussion about it.