
Luna's P.O.V
I started walking to school with my annoying younger brother Nash. He wouldn't shut up about how his magic is stronger than mine. Finally we reached school and guess who was waiting for me. Gale the school bully.
Oh I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Luna Dragneel the daughter or Natsu (Salamander) Dragneel and Lucy Heartfilia. I'm 17 years old and a fire dragon slayer like my Dad. I have salmon hair and dark brown eyes. I have a younger brother named Nash who's 16 years old and a celestrial spirit mage who has blond hair and green eyes. Last but not least, two younger sisters, Nashi who's 7 who was salmon hair and green eyes and Lacey who's 10 who has blond hair and brown eyes, who are celestrial spirit mages too. So I guess I'm one of a kind!
Back to Gale. He was coming closer to me. I try to walk away to class but he pins me to a wall. I look around to see if Nash was there. But no. That idiot will get it later! I start to panic...what will he do to me? I already have scrapes, bruises, and scars alllll over me I don't need more. He punches my arm and I just cower, I'm so scared! I close my eyes as he goes to punch my face when I hear a scream. I slowly open my eyes to see Gale on the ground and Storm in front of me.
I hold my throbbing arm and smile at Storm. He's too sweet. He is always there for me, especially when Gale is around.
Storm is my Dad's rival's son (that's a mouth full!). He has blueish raven hair and has beautiful blue eyes. He's 18 years old and a ice-make mage and has a water body. He looks like his father, Grey. He has twin little sister, Sylvia, and brother, Rin who are 7.
Storm smiles back and was about to start talking when my best friends Nova and Rosemary ran over.
Nova is my Mom's best friend's daughter. She is 17 and she has very light blond hair with blue eyes. She is a take over mage like her mother.
Rosemary is also one of my Mom's best friend's daughter. She is 15 and she has scarlet hair with hazel eyes. She's a requip mage like her mom.
When they run over to me they ask "are you ok?!?" "What did Gale do to you?!?" "Why is Storm here?" I giggled while hearing them so concerned. I look to see if I can find Storm but he left. Slowly I look back at my friends and answer their questions. "I'm fine thank you. Gale punched me in the arm and was about to punch my face when Storm came and saved me." I blushed at the end and looked down quickly so they wouldn't see. Then the bell rang and we ran to class, giggling about how we lost track of time.
{After School}
I walk to Lacey and Nashi's school to pick them up with Storm. "So" he starts "what happened earlier?" I froze in my tracks which made him stop and look at me. "Um..." I started looking down nervously. If I got Gale in trouble...I'd be dead meat! He walked over to me and lifted my chin with his fingers so I was looking at him "please tell me" he pleaded and I blushed a little...I hope he didn't notice!"I was walking to school with Nash and when we arrived I was going to class when Gale pinned me to the wall.""Why did he pin you?""Long story.""I got time" he said starting to walk again.I sped up and finally caught up to him. He walks fast!"Well a while ago he said he liked me." I saw his eyes widen."An-and I said I didn't like him back...so he started beating me up.""That's terrible Lun." "Yeah." I sighed then started running towards Nashi and Lacey's school signaling I didn't want to talk about it anymore.
Storm's P.O.V
"I got time" I say worrying about Luna and walking off again. If I'm late to pick up Rin and Sylvia I'm dead! She started running to catch up with me and when she did she started her story."Well a while ago he said he liked me" she started. My eyes widen. What?!? The bully likes sweet, innocent Luna?!?"An-and I said I didn't like him back...so he started beating me up.""That's terrible Lun." I say ready to beat the hell out of him when I see him. "Yeah" she said then sighed and started running toward Rin, Sylvia, Nashi, and Lacey's school. I tried to catch up with her but she was way to fast!