
I shrugged and nodded, knowing that she was right.
I let out a long sigh. "Fine, I'll try the damn thing on." I rolled my eyes and then grumbled. "Even though it looks like something out of an anime."
This caused Clara to laugh some more, and for Cather to smile.
I took the dress from Cather and walked to the dressing room that I was assigned. I stripped out of my sundress and pulled on the dress. There was a knock on the door then.
"Uhmm.... occupied?"
"Ms. Attar, do you need help tying it up?"
"Oh... uh yeah." I leaned over and unlocked the door. Cather walked in and quickly tied the strings on the side and zipped up the back. After doing so, she tied up the materiel, that was translucent, and made a bow out of it. Causing it to fit to my body better.
The materiel was soft against my skin, and while it seemed like the dress was short, it actually wasn't that bad. Granted, if I leaned over, some people might see a little more than I would want, but I could always wear tights.
"There's also some shoes to go with this that your friend picked out, along with a veil and a clip on for it."
"What's the clip on of?"
"A bow, it clips on to the belt of it and makes it look great. At least in my opinion. All of the costumers that try it on look absolutely gorgeous. And you are no exception." Cather patted my shoulder and then walked out of the room. There was no mirror in here, so I walked out too.
Clara wolf whistled the second she saw.
"You look fucking amazing!" She yelled, causing some old lady to glare at her. Clara just flipped her off in response, not caring that she might get yelled at.
Clara then turned to Cather. "Would you get her the veil, boots and bow?" Cather nodded and walked off. I looked in the mirror by the door of the dressing room.
My curves were shown nicely in the dress. The train of it reminded me of a cape, for some strange reason, so that was nice. And the lightness of it would be wonderful for the warmth of the time of our wedding.
Seeing as Paul and I were getting married in June. Brittany, Kelly's cousin had called and offered for us to get married in Yosemite about a three months ago, and Paul and I agreed.
It would be an amazing wedding in my opinion. Half Dome would be glittering from the graphite in it. The waterfalls would be shinning from the sun bouncing off them. The grass would be waving from the breeze.
And Clara managed to book the actual wedding at the Chapel, and then the after part in the Ahwahnee Hotel.
I just felt like this wedding would be fucking awesome and everyone who thought otherwise could shove it.
Cather came back a few minutes later holding boots that looked like they would be way to long, a pink bow and a veil. I screwed my face up at it, already not liking this.
"Here you go, Ms. Attar."
I sighed and pulled the shoes on. They came to my mid thighs, and were surprisingly comfortable. The veil was kind of itchy and the bow was just way overboard.
"Nope. Not happening." I stated, looking in the mirror at the assemble.
"Mellllllllanieeee!" Clara complained. "You look great."
"Bull shit." I muttered.
"Oh come on don't be that way Melanie."