
You have our number.
-Mark
I had met Mark before. He was one of the people that set up Digi Fest. One out of many, anyway. (A/N: i have no clue if the person's name is actually mark and idc)
But what confused me was that Paul had already said no. I hadn't even heard about this upcoming tour, seeing as no one had told me, including him.
I frowned and grabbed the stuff and walked into the kitchen where Paul was.
"What's wrong?" He asked, when he saw my face.
I showed him the papers.
He looked them over and then looked back up at me.
"I swear I wasn't going to go. I wouldn't do that."
"What? You're confusing me."
He looked confused now. "Wait, so you weren't coming in here to chew me out?"
"No, I was going to do that. But I think about a different reason."
"Oh. Then uh, what do you have to say?"
"Why would you say no to the tour, Paul? I know you love to meet your fans, what made you decide not to go? And how come you didn't tell me about it?"
"I thought you already knew about it."
"No, no one had told me. But why don't you want to go?"
"Mel, did you look at the dates?"
"Not really..."
He sighed and handed me back the flyer.
"The tour starts 3 days after we get back from our Honeymoon."
"Okay?" i wasn't seeing his point.
"Melanie, I would be gone for 2 months, right after we got married."
Okay now I was starting to see his point.
"I mean, we would have just gotten married and I would already be leaving you for my job. And for two months! i can't do that to you."
"Paul, do you care about your fans?"
"Yes?" He obviously didn't see where I was going with this. Not that I could blame him, i am a confusing person.
"And you and Danny now have a bit over a million, right?"
"Yeah..."
"Okay, so I'm one person you care about. They are a million. Give or take a few hundred seeing as who would be coming and what not. I love you with all my heart Paul, and I know you love me to, but don't say no to the tour thing because of me. This is your job, and it makes you happy."
Paul frowned. "But I don't want to leave you here alone..."
I rolled my eyes at him. "I won't be alone. I can hang out with Clara, because Danny will be gone too, won't he?"
"Well I guess-"
"And,'' I cut him off," I can also go visit Kelly and Jenny. They are my best friends after all. Maybe I can hunt down some famous people and get some autographs. Basically, what I'm saying is, don't say no to this because of me. I want you to do this, because i know it will make you happy. Besides, we can FaceTime, and text and call."
He frowned a bit. "Are you sure Melanie? Because once I say yes, I can't go back out. Unless I like die or something."