
Damn that last chapter was cheesy AF. don't worry. a storms a brewing, and it won't be pretty. you know, if I actually get around to writing it.
ALSO, my computer at home is being a bitch so i have to write from a computer at my wellness center from now on so i won't be able to update as often seeing as i only get to go on for an hour at a time and i usually only come twice a day so hopefully my new typing quickness that i aquired from computer class is enough to help (79 words per minute apparently. i had the highest in the class by 20 XD)

Later on in the day, Paul decided to go for a run with Spots, and I decided to tidy up the house a bit.
And by that I mean, sit on my ass, and be a bum.
Which is basically my normal thing to do.
I crossed my legs, in that weird yoga style because in my opinion it's comfortable, and placed a bowl of popcorn in my lap.
Currently, Paul was running around looking for the leash, with Spots right on his heels.
I leaned over and grabbed the remote and turned on the television. I went to Paul's Spotify account that was on it, and clicked on the playlist he had made for me.
I loved to listen to it, to be honest. It was actually one of my favorite things to do, when I wasn't able to hang out with him.
Something by the Beatles started up and I smiled to myself, relaxing into the couch, piling popcorn kernels into my mouth.
Something in the way she moves
Attracts me like no other lover
Something in the way she woos me
Spots ran into the room then, and jumped onto the couch by me.
"Ugh where is that leash!" I heard Paul groan. Damn was that hot.
I don't want to leave her now
You know I believe and how
The song ended before Paul was able to find to find it.
Imagine me and you, I do
I think about you day and night
It's only right
To think about the girl you love
And hold her tight
So happy together
I set my bowl of popcorn down and uncrossed my legs. I stood up and patted my thighs, causing Spots to jump up.
I grabbed his paws and started to dance to the beat with him.
If I should call you up, invest a dime
And you say you belong to me
And ease my mind
Imagine how the world could be
So very fine
So happy together
Spots licked my face and was wagging his tail as I swayed with him.
I felt someone tap my shoulder so I turned to look. Paul was standing there with his hand out.
"May I have this dance?" He asked, laughing slightly.
"I'm not sure, you'll have to ask my partner." I was biting my lip to keep from laughing.