
Paul pulled me out of the hotel and into the crisp air outside. I took in a deep breath, relishing it.
Even though it was Vegas, the air was quite fresh. You'd think that their would be a horrible pollution problem, but so far, I haven't noticed.
Our fingers were intertwined as we made our way down the sidewalk.
Seeing as it was now past midnight, it was quite chilly. A breeze went by, causing me to shiver.
But I didn't say anything to Paul, because I didn't want to bring attention to the fact that I was cold. And he didn't notice.
"It's beautiful outside, isn't it?" I asked, in awe. The lights of the strip lit up everything, making it like a wonderland.
It also reminded me a bit of home, back in Los Angeles.
Oh, by the way, Paul and I had moved to LA California. We had a few months ago, and it was honestly a great idea.
Spots, our dog, had a little more trouble moving. He had loved our apartment, but both Paul and I had agreed that it was to small for us.
But he eventually got over it, after seeing the size of our yard. It was quite hard to get him to come inside now a days.
I shivered when another breeze went by. Paul still didn't notice, or if he did, he didn't do anything.
We eventually came to a drive in movie theater. No one was there, and the screen was off.
It was then that I noticed there was a blanket on the floor, along with a small basket. I turned towards Paul, a smile playing at my lips, and crossed my arms.
"Did you do this?" I accused.
He was probably blushing, but I couldn't really see because it was a bit dark.
"Maybe..."
I opened my arms for a hug, and he chuckled. Paul stepped into my arms and wrapped his own around me. I placed mine around his neck and kissed his lips sweetly.
"You're so sweet." I smiled. "Is that why you wanted us to leave?"
I could feel him shrugging under my arms.
I kissed his lips again and then let go of his neck, and pulled him with me to the blanket.
We sat down on it together, and I laid down. I made sure that my head was placed in his lap and looked up into the stars.
Paul leaned down, and pecked my lips again. He smiled at me and then laid down making sure that was my head was on his stomach.
His fingers were tangled in my hair as we sat in silence.
I smiled and turned around so I was facing him. Paul was looking at me, he was looking at the sky.
He must've noticed that I was looking at him though, because he then turned and smiled down at me. I smiled back.
"Are you hungry?" He asked.
"Kind of."  I patted his thigh.
"Would you like some garlic bread, then?"
I sat up. "HELL YEAH!"
Paul sat up too, and then chuckled. "Sorry, I forgot that you want to marry garlic bread."
"Hush up, you're like that with Nutella and pizza."
He shrugged. "Fair enough."