
I chuckled to myself and stripped out of my comfortable leggings and oversized sweater (which was Paul's). My shoes had just been flip flops so they were super easy to take off.
The first dress I slipped on had thin straps and a sweetheart neckline. It had a V-back, with a zipper to close it. The bodice was trimmed in small pom-poms, and the entire dress was made of polyester. The pom-poms was honestly a little off putting.
I stepped out to allow Ana to make her oppinion on it.
She shook her head. "It's not doing anything good for you, and it doesn't look like it fits that well, and those pom-poms just look stupid. Next one."
I was honestly super greatful that she said no to this, because i really disliked it. Like a lot.
The next one had a high neckline. It was sleeveless, with cut in soulders. There were mesh cut outs along the bust in a sweetheart neckline style, along with the midriff. I looked in the mirror and noticed that the zipper was exposed, meaning that it was golden so that it popped against the black.
It was fitted, and the bottom flared, in a way that skater dresses do, and landed at my mid thigh.
I walked out to Anastasia. She tilted her head.
"Spin." She stated. I did as she said so.
"Hmm.. it looks nice, but maybe a bit to revealing. I don't think Paul would enjoy beating the shit out of someone for staring at you. Wait no, he would enjoy beating that person for staring at you, he just wouldn't enjoy them staring at you." She laughed, causing me to also laugh.
"So no?" I asked.
"Nah, not unless you want Paul to beat the shit out of a random person."
"Maybe not tonight." I said sarcastically. I would never want to see Paul do that, expect maybe to Danny in a joking way.
The last dress was honestly my favorite. It had a sweetheart neckline, and was strapless. It had a crochet lace bodice, with a black and white pattern. It had a chiffon skirt which ended at midthigh. The zipper in the back was also golden like the last one, but this one it looked cooler on.
It was quite comfortable too. And honestly, I loved it.
I stepped out to Ana, and she looked me over.
"You can't get that one." She stated, crossing her arms. i frowned.
"Why not?"
"Because I want it!" She laughed. "I was kidding, babe, it makes you look freaking hot, but it's not too showy. So i say, get it.That's my vote, but remember that it is up to you. What do you think?"
"I like it." I smiled.
"Alright, then go get out of it so we can buy it. Do you want any jewlery to go with it?"
"Maybe a choker or something."
"Okay, now hurry up so we can go get that, get you back home so you can shower and get ready, and then show up."
In the end, I got a ying-yang choker and a 90's tattoo choker (it had been a pack.)
Ana drove me home and then ushered me upstairs. Paul wasn't home, seeing as he was at the place setting up, but she wasn't taking any chances. Which was dumb because I wasn't even in my clothes yet but, hey, she's a girl, so what am I supposed to expect? (A/N: that was a joke btw don't give me shit for it)
"Go take a shower!" She whispered at me.