
She was apart of it.
The monster was me.
I shot up screaming. My body was shaking, and I could hear barking off in the distance.
I curled up into a ball and pulled my knees into my chest. I was breathing heavily, trying to clear my head from the nightmare I just had.
I then heard footsteps and saw legs.
Paul kneeled in front of me. I could barely make out his face because I had my knees brought up so high they were almost completely blocking my vision.
He reached on and stroked my arm. "Melanie?"
"What?" I  mumbled.
"What happened?"
"Bad dream." I shook my head.
"What was it about?" He asked, his voice soft.
"I was a monster." A shiver went through me as I thought about it.
It was me, but it wasn't. She had the same body shape as me, and the same voice. But where my grey eyes should have been, were black pits. Her skin had been red, burning from her time in the pits of hell.
Her hair had been made out of bones from what I can only assume to be children.
Where my bitten down nail buds should have been were razor sharp talons. They had been the color of blood. As if she had just ripped out the throat of a victim of hers.
And her legs was mine, but they had scales lining them. They were that burnt red color like the rest of her limbs from her time in hell, but the scales made it worse. So much worse.
"What were you doing as the monster?" He asked.
"I think there was two of me. That's the part I don't understand. There was the part of me that was good and then there was the monster, who was trying to kill the good part. She had been hunting me.
"There's also a part of me that thinks that I had been the monster the whole time and I was trying to kill myself to stop what I had become."
Paul pulled me out of my ball and pulled me into him. I didn't realize I had started crying until he wiped the tears from my cheeks.
"Shhhhh, it's okay. It was just  a dream." He whispered against my neck as I started to sob.
"I know it was just a dr-dream! I'm just w-worried about what it sym-symbolizes!" I hiccupped during some of the words.
"What do you mean?"
"Am I really turning into a monster?"
"God no, why would you think that? That kind of stuff only happens in books or movies, or to sociopaths. And obviously you're not a sociopath, because if you were you wouldn't be crying from how you felt."
I nodded and hugged him tighter to me. "It's okay Melanie. It's okay." He kissed the side of my head.
A/N: sorry I wanted to write about a nightmare thing so I did so fuckin deal with it.
oh and haha yeah cheesiness, I know.
its fanfiction do you expect something different?
