
I have a few things to say before I start this chapter. Thank you so much for 20k on Just A Pointer. Thank you for 450 on this book and also, today is my last day of school so i will be updating more often from now on (unless I get lazy whoops sorreh)
I wiped my eyes as I tried to tell Paul what had happened. I didn't want to seem like I was overreacting, even though I already knew I was.
I gulped in some air.
"Just start from the beginning, Mel." Paul rubbed my leg, trying to calm me down. It wasn't working.
"Clara wanted me to buy some new uhm... undergarments-"
"Why?" He cut me off.
"Because- because she said that you would like some nicer ones than the plain underwear that I have now."
"That makes no sense." He furrowed his eyebrow. "Underwear is underwear. It isn't meant to be all pretty. It's meant to cover your private area."
"She said it was for the uh honeymoon."
"Melanie, I don't care what underwear you wear. For all I care, you could wear granny panties or a pair of boxers and I wouldn't mind."
I just nodded.
"Okay, what happened after that?"
"She convinced me to by saying that you would find me sexy or something if I wore nice underwear."
I could tell he wanted to cut me off by the way his jaw clenched tightly together.
"So I went in. As I was trying on some stupid bra, one of the ladies there insulted me by saying it made my books look small and my stomach look large when in reality it didn't change how I looked at all. And then she said something about how she felt sorry for you."
I took a deep breath trying to calm myself down. Why was I acting this way? So what if someone insulted me.
Paul leaned forward and kissed my forehead gently.
"Is that all?" He asked, his voice soft.
"No..." I mumbled, not wanting to talk about the rest of it.
He leaned forward and brushed his hand softly against my cheek. His voice was quiet as he spoke into my ear.
"I want you to tell me."
I shook my head.
"Please Melanie."
"Fine." I sighed. "So Clara took me to the food court after that happened, where I was supposed to wait for you. I got some food and sat down, and these girls sat at a table not to far away from me. I could hear everything they said."
I rubbed my cheeks as I spoke. "They said they didn't understand why such a hot guy like you would be with such an ugly girl like-like me. "
"I tried to ignore them, I did." I stated when I saw the expression on Paul's face. "But then it got to much. They were saying how annoying I must be to you and that I had the body of a eight year old boy who was fat.  They were saying things about how they didn't understand why you would love me. And that I didn't bring you any help because I didn't have a real job."
I  took in a deep breath and continued. "They went on to say how I should've killed myself those three years ago when everyone was telling me to do so over Twitter. Or that I should now because I was still living.
"About a minute later they came up to me and asked what you saw in me."
"And what did you tell them?" Paul asked softly.