
"He's not here, you know."
Anastasia just glared at me. I ruffled her brown hair before walking into the bathroom. As I shut the door, I could hear her trying to fix her hair back out.
She said she was going to wax my legs earlier, so i didn't bother with any shaving. It would be pointless.
I was actually more comfortable with being almost nude near Ana then Paul, which she understood. How she figured it was that because she was another girl who had practactically the same body as me, there would be no room to judge. And then she said that my brain probably figured that Paul would judge me on my body type because I wasn't as thin or boobtastic as others.
Ana had said that it was dumb that I thought that of Paul, but she understood where I was coming from, seeing as she was like that with her boyfriend.
I got into my strapless bra and underwear, then went to wear she was.
She had already set up the wax -meaning it was burning hot- and had the strips out. She patted the floor next to her. I rolled my eyes and sat where she had me.
It took a while to wax all of both legs, and my armpits, and boy was it painful. But finally, we were done and Ana got my dress for me.
I pulled it on, and she made sure the zipper was all the way up before clasping it at the top.
She helped me put the ying yang choker on, while I managed the tattoo one.
She then pulled me back to the bathroom, where she quickly blow dried my hair and then curled it, so that it fell in waves.
"Make-up?" She asked.
"Just a bit of mascara. Maybe a light shade of lipstick."
"Okay." She did exactly what I had said, maybe even better than what I had expected.
I grabbed my blue colored contacts and looked at them.
"Should I put these in?"
"And hide your gorgeous eyes? No. Leave your eyes how they are."
"Fine." I huffed and set them down.
"Alright, now go get your shoes on while I get ready."
When both of us were done, we stood next to each other in the mirror.
Anastasia was wearing a dark blue dress, that rested at her knees. It was strapless, with a low neckline. It was covered in lace, that had floral patterns. Her hair was done up in a bun, a few strands hanging down, that she curled. She was wearing blue low cut converse, and an anklet that matched the charm bracelet she was wearing. Her beautiful brown eyes were accented with a light dust of golden eyeshadow.
Basically, she looked like a goddess and in comparison I looked like a peasant.
"Are you ready?" She asked.
"Yeah, i think so."
"Okay, then let's go!" She squealed, before running out of the house. I laughed, and followed, grabbing a small bag to hold my keys and phone in, along with my license and Ana's phone. She was already in the passenger side of the car when I got out.
I got into the drivers side, and pulled out of my driveway and to the destination that Paul had already set on the maps app for my phone.
Anastasia let out one more squeal and I rolled the windows down and drove through the night.
A/N: alright so some people were asking me in my PM who Ana was, how she met Melanie, and what she looked like. this is her. i'll give some more description on her, like what she does for a living, and all that shit later.