
I woke up in the morning, to my cell phone ringing. I groaned and got out of bed. Paul's arms fell from around my waist and he continued to lightly snore.
He was lucky he was such a heavy sleeper.
Without looking at the caller ID, I answered it.
"Hello?" My voice came out hoarse and scratchy. I cleared my throat and tried again. "Hello?"
Yet again, it was scratchy. I sighed and waited for the person to talk.
"Melanie, did I wake you?"
"Uhm.... kind of...."
"Oh I am so sorry, I can go and let you go back to sleep if you want?"
I ran a hand through my knotted hair. "No, it's fine, Anastasia."
"Okay great. Do you have a computer near you?"
"Uhm...." I looked around the room until my eyes landed on Paul's laptop. I knew the password to it and I knew that he wouldn't care if I went on it.
"Yeah."
"Okay go onto Google."
It took me a few minutes, but I ended up on the website.
"I'm there."
"Type in your name."
"Why?"
"Just do it!" She yelled.
"Okay okay!"
I typed in Melanie Attar.
Instantly, millions of different things popped up.
"Holy shit!" I yelled, totally forgetting that Paul was asleep right next to me.
He groaned, but seemed to stay asleep.
"Do you see what I see?" Anastasia asked.
"I think so!"
"Well, I'm going to leave you to look through the stuff, call me back when you can."
"Okay!"
She hung up on me and I clicked on the first link.
Rising Authors; Melanie Attar:
Melanie Attar, a teen fiction author, book has gone international. Attar's story, The Masked Thief, has become a global phenomenon. Teenagers across the world are raving about this new story.
"It's one of my favorites! Whenever I finish it, I restart it!"- Anna, London (16) gushes about the story.
"I love the story! And the fact that the person who wrote it is also a teenager, warms my heart." Gabe, Cheyenne (18)
"This story symbolizes hope for me. I'm greatful to have found it." -Megan, Sydney (22)
I stopped reading the article for a second. Hope? The last comment had confused me, but i decided to think about it later and read on.
Attar's book has sold over 15 millions copies as of December 31st. We are currently waiting to interview her about her accomplishment, but have unable to get in contact  with her, due to the fact that it is currently the holidays.
Interview? Someone wants to interview me?
I squealed, obnoxiously loud and stomped my feet in happiness.
Paul shot out of the bed. His eyes were wide, until they reached me and then he fell back into the bed.