
I rifled through my suitcase, searching for my pajamas.
Only to realize, i had forgotten to pack them. I groaned out loud, and probably noisily.
Paul walked out of the bathroom, his tie now off and his button up shirt all ruffled. There was a tooth brush in his mouth.
"What's wrong?" He asked, chuckling.
"I forgot my sleepwear!" I groaned again.
"You can wear one of my shirts, if you want."
"Okay!"
I was happy to have that as an option. I mean, wearing your hot boyfriend's shirt to bed while cuddling into him? Hell yeah!
I walked over to Paul's suitcase as he went back into the bathroom.
Making sure I didn't make a mess out of his suitcase like I did mine, I pulled out one of his shirts. It was a plain white shirt, probably the one he had brought for him to sleep him.
I guess he'll just have to sleep shirtless now. Too bad for him. (But awesome for me.)
I stripped out of my stupid dress and pulled off my bra, making sure to face the wall just in case Paul all of a sudden walked out of the bathroom.
Yes, i know he's seen my boobs before, back when he helped me take baths when i was in my wheelchair, or that one time we were making out in his old house.
But I haven't let him see me naked since i was in my wheelchair, because i still wasn't comfortable in my own skin. And I didn't want Paul to know that.
I pulled his white shirt on over me.
It landed on the higher part of my thigh. Basically, if I bent over, Paul would be flashed with my underwear. So no bending over for me.
I pulled my hair out of the collar of the shirt and then pulled it into a pony tail. Paul was still in the bathroom, and the shower was now running.
I walked over to where the television was and grabbed the remote. Then I laid back on the bed and scrolled through the channels.
After a few minutes of trying to find a good show, i landed on Nick@Nite were of course, FRIENDS was playing. I kept the show on, laughing at occasional parts, until Paul walked out.
His hair was in his face, due to the fact that he had just washed it. It wasn't dripping wet, but there was obviously still water in it.
He was in plaid pants and a grey shirt. I cursed inwardly when i realized that he was wearing a shirt.
"Oh come on, why must you wear a shirt?" I whined as he climbed into bed next to me.
"You're wearing a shirt. So I'm wearing a shirt."
"I don't like those rules."
"Then take your shirt off." He shrugged and pulled the comforter over him. "And I'll take mine off."
"Not happening Zimmer."
"Why, you afraid to turn me on or something?"
"Please never say those words to me again." I laughed.
"How come?" He turned to me, and rested his palm against his cheek.
"It just reminds me of all those fanfictions about you." I stuck my tongue out at him.
"Don't forget there's now fanfictions about us."