
"Ah, so you don't want to hear about me saying yes after all?" I smirked.
All three girls started to squeal again.
''So he did ask?!" Kelly grinned.
"Yeah.'' I chuckled and looked over at Paul who was talking with Danny. He flashed me a smile before turning his attention back to his best friend. "He did."
Clara clapped happily. "Finally! My ship is in play! Maul for life!"
"Uhh.... Clara, I thought we agreed on Palanie?"  Kelly raised her eyebrows.
"I thought it was Zitter." Jenny frowned in confusion.
"Maul sounds the best so all of you can shut the fuck up." Clara crossed her arms over her chest.
I simply laughed before replying. "Seriously, you guys came up with a ship name?"
"A few years ago, actually. The first year of me being in America." Clara responded, as if it was a normal thing. Then again, for fangirls, it is a normal thing.
I just smiled and shook my head. "You guys are too much."
Jenny and Kelly laughed. Clara rolled her eyes at me, then stuck her tongue out.
I mimicked her, also sticking my tongue out.
Kelly then yawned, and started to drag her girlfriend out of the lobby.
"Night!" I called after them.
"Good night!" Jenny yelled back.
Clara gave me a hug and smiled at me.
"I'm going to go to bed too, I'll talk to you about everything when we wake up, okay?"
"You're going to make me let you help plan the wedding, aren't you?" I sighed.
She winked. "You saw how my wedding was! Obviously I'm going to force you to let me plan everything!"
I playfully rolled my eyes at her. "You always act like your wedding was the best in the world!"
She scoffed at me. "Uh, duh it was! I mean, uhm hello! I got married to Danny! On a fucking beach! Best in the world if you ask me."
"Everyone thinks their wedding is the best in the world!" I laughed.
"Fine, you're right. But seriously, I'm helping you plan."
"Then I get to use your veil as my something borrowed." I wiggled my eyebrows at her.
"Fine by me! If it fits your gigantic head!"
"Meany!"
"You know it." Clara winked. ''Alright, I'll see you later." She smiled at me and then walked over to Danny. When he saw her, he smiled at her and then linked their arms together.
They both walked off into the direction of the elevators.
Once they were out of sight, I walked over to where Paul was. He was talking to someone I had never seen before.
"-and we would love to have you two come check it out."
Paul's eyes were wide. "Are you serious?!"
"Of course. Granted, there are no promises that it will be successful, because we have to see how the audience will react to your show, but if all goes well,'' The man then just shrugged and smiled.
If what all goes well?
What the hell is even going on?