
"Want to bet?"
Right as I was about to answer, there was a knock at the door.
"We are going to finish this later!" Paul announced as he walked over to answer the door.
"Mmmhmmm sure." I laughed, knowing that he would no doubt forget this conversation even happened. It was to early for him to even be focusing on anything.
Paul opened the door, to reveal Clara and Danny.
As always, Clara looked like a model who had just walked off of the runway. Her hair was pulled back  into a pony tail, and instead of her usual glasses, she was wearing contacts.
She was wearing a swimsuit cover up, that was probably made of string, and was woven together beautifully. The actual swimsuit she was wearing was white and a one piece.
It was cut at the sides, to show off her hips and had a low enough of a neck that it should off a bit of her cleavage.
She had on flip-flops that had a bit of a heel to them. I sighed, knowing that she looked a lot prettier than I did, and ever would.
Paul allowed them to enter, and Clara went to the balcony. Suprisingly, the door was already opened. Maybe that's where Paul had been when I walked out of the bathroom.
"You guys have a great view!" She chirped. I walked over to where she was, and looked out. I hadn't actually looked out over the balcony yet, but I guess now was a good of time as any.
"Woah, that's pretty." I chimed in.
It was of the large pool. And the waterfall/slide connected to it. In the distance, I could see the strip. It would probably be even more beautiful at night, with the stars and with the lights.
When I walked back inside, Paul was making the bed. I smiled as I saw him  pull the white comforter up. He was talking with Danny (about who knows what) and there was a grin on his face.
Whenever he was happy,  I couldn't help but be happy myself. There was just something about his smile that lit up the room and made me grin myself.
I walked over, deciding to help him, and folded the brown blanket and placed it back at the end of the bed.
Danny fluffed the red pillows, I knew he was just doing that because he was bored, and then moved to where Clara was at. She was still standing on the balcony.
Her hands were on the railing and a breeze went by, causing some strands of hair to fall out of her pony tail. That just made her look even more pretty, seeing as she was completely relaxed and happy.
I sighed, knowing that I was nothing in comparison of her.
Paul looked over at me, his head tilted to the side slightly.
"What's wrong?" He asked, confusion lacing his voice.
"Nothing, I'm fine." I smiled at him. Paul pursed his lips and walked over to where I was.
He wrapped his arms around me and rested his chin on the top of my head. "I know your lying." He mumbled.
"I'm not lying, Paul. It was nothing."
He ran his fingers up and down my spine and was quiet for a second. "Okay. But, if I feel like you're lying to me again, I am going to force you to tell me, by either tickling you, or kissing your face until you do so."
I rolled my eyes at him, smiling slightly.
"Ah, there we go. Your real smile. That's what I wanted."