
"I told them that i didn't know. And then they laughed and left. That's around the time you showed up, because I was crying."
"You don't know what I love about you?" Paul asked, his voice showing that he was very confused.
I shook my head. "No, I don't know what."
Paul shifted himself around so that he was hovering over me. His arms caged around my head and I could feel his breath  on my face.
He leaned down and kissed my forehead. "I love this forehead. I love it because  when I hug you, that's where I can place my lips."
He leaned down and kissed my nose. "I love this nose. It's so soft and freckly that it's fucking adorable."
He kissed my cheeks. "I love love love these cheeks. I love the color that comes onto it when you blush because I complimented you."
He pecked my lips. "I love these lips because they're so fucking kissable that I can't help but kiss them whenever I'm near you."
He shuffled down and kissed my neck slightly. "I love this neck. It's so soft and pretty."
He kissed my collarbone, but didn't say anything other than 'i love this collarbone because it's yours.'
Paul kissed right above my heart. I blushed slightly because that's where my tiny breasts were.
"I love this heart because it sees beauty in everyone. Even if it sometimes forgets to see beauty in yourself." He mumbled the last part.
He kissed my stomach. "I love this stomach. It's so soft and the perfect place for me to rest my head when we watch movies together."
He kissed my legs. "I love this legs. I know you may hate them because of when they let you down those years ago. I love them because they intertwine with mine whenever we cuddle."
He leaned up and kissed my arms. "I love these arms. I love them because you use them to hold me when we hug, cuddle, or kiss."
He leaned up and rested his head right by my ear.
"The only thing I don't like are your ears. And the only reason I don't like them is because you don't use them to listen to me when i constantly compliment you."
He placed a kiss right below my ear. "My most favorite thing about you is your personality. It's  beautiful, because of everything it does. Your personality is what made me meet you, because if you hadn't been the way you were, you wouldn't have been a fan of my YouTube channel. Your personality is what made me fall head over heels in love with you because you had the same music taste and were super sweet and kind. You are the most amazing person I've ever met and ever will meet."
Paul kissed my lips again. "I love you. I want you to know that, because if you don't then there is no point in me being here. If you don't understand how much i love and adore you, then I'm not doing my job."
There were tears falling down my face. I pulled his face back to mine and pecked kisses all around his cheeks and then pulled his lips back to mine.
"I love you so fucking much." Paul mumbled against my lips.
More tears fell down my face. "I love you too." I stated and started to kiss him some more.
He rubbed my cheek with his finger, trying to get the tears off of them.  Afterwards, he picked me up off the couch. I held on tightly to him, my arms around his neck, my face against his chest.
Tears were still falling down my face from his beautiful words, wetting his shirt.