
About a week had passed since I told Paul that he should do the Digi Tour thing. In that time, I had finally found a wedding dress, along with a bridesmaid dress.
Clara helped me making my descisions, of course i had the final vote though, seeing as she was my Maid of Honor.
Paul had spent the week setting up a party for the premier of his and Danny's televison show. It was called Exclamation Point (no surprise there) and once a week an episode would be uploaded. And seeing as the premier party was tonight, it was every Saturday that they would be uploaded.
Danny and Paul had managed to pre-record 15 episodes, so that for a bit less than four months, they would be able to do what they needed to do.
And by that I mean, Paul would be helping setting up the wedding, Clara's due date would be coming soon after they got off the tour, and then they had the actual tour.
Sure, in the next four months they would change a lot from their previously recorded videos, but they would be vlogging on their Youtube Channel too so, it wouldn't be that big of a surprise at their differences. It would be kind of funny to see though. Danny with normal hair in one episode and then the next he has hair longer than a girl does.
According to Paul, their televison show would be like their YouTube channel. Challenges, answering questions, doing skits, being completely random, sometimes playing intrustments, the whole lot. I was looking forward to it, along with the rest of his fans.
What can I say? I'm still a massive Pointer at heart. The only difference between me and other Pointers, is that I'm marrying Paul and I get to spend every night with him. Oh wait, that's a massive difference. Well, I am more than a Pointer. (A/N: oh hey look. book title whoops)
Currently, I was looking for a dress that I could wear to the party. It was supposed to be slightly fancy. So, I couldn't just wear black jeans and a band shirt. Which sucked, but I would deal with it for Paul.
Him and Danny were going to wear nice button down shirts and dark blue jeans. Nice ones though. Danny of course was going to be wearing converse, but Paul said he was wearing his nice pair of vans.
Being the person i was, I was gonig to wear a pair of converse under my dress. Which Paul said he was fine with, seeing as I was actually putting on a dress.
Because I didn't want Clara's imput this time, I asked Anastasia to come dress shopping with me.
We had been friends for about two years now. How we met was awesome. It was at Warped Tour. Anastasia and I had started a conversation about bands, and eventually that led to us swapping numbers. I had found out that she lived pretty damn close by to us, so we hung out some more until we were close friends. She was actually going to be a bridesmaid in my wedding.
"What color were you thinking?" Ana asked. We had just walked into this one dress store that Clara had suggested. Dillards, I believe. I've never been here before, but Anastasia had so it made it a bit easier on me.
"Black." I stated.
"Why did i even ask?" She chuckled and pulled me over to a nice selection of black dresses. "Do you want short or long?"
"Knee cut, would be best, I believe."
"Okay." She shuffled through a few dresses before grabbing three.
She basically threw them at me and shoved me towards the dressing room. i rolled my eyes before walking into one and locking the door behind me.
"You have to show me what you look like in each one!" She yelled. Which no doubt caused a bunch of people to look over at her, seeing as she snapped, "What are you looking at, hag?"