
I should probably do a Paul's POV so that's what this is. also keep in mind i don't actually know how drunk people act unless they're a mean drunk (i know lots of mean drunks)
Paul's POV:
Melanie was drunk off her ass when the party was over. I don't even remember her having alcohol so it didn't make a lot of sense to me.
She kept giggling as I tried to get her to put her shoes back on.
"No!" She yelled, still giggling.
"Mel, can you please put your shoes back on?"
"Nuh uh!"
"Jesus Christ." I mumbled dragging my hand down my face. "Melanie, will you put them on, for me?"
"No!"
I sighed, it was no use. I had been asking for the past ten minutes and every time I asked, she said no.
Anastasia walked over to me just then.
"Do you want me to drive her car home for you?" She asked.
I ran a hand through my hair. "Yeah, that'd be great, thanks."
She smiled at me, before grabbing the keys out of Melanie's purse and her phone.
"Better hope i don't get pulled over because i don't have my license with me right now." She mumbled before walking away.
I was just about to stop her and tell her not to do that when she yelled, "I'm driving the damn car, Zimmer and you're going top fucking deal with it!"
She then raised her middle finger in the air and continued to walk.
I let out a huff of breath and shook my head.
"Can you at least hold your shoes?" I asked Melanie, turning back towards her. She giggled and nodded, grabbing the shoes out fo my hand.
Once I was sure she wasn't going to just throw them somewhere, i picked her up, causing her to squeal.
With one arm under her legs, and the other holding her back , I walked towards my car. She continued to giggle and make weird noises as I hooked her up in my car. She shook her hair around as I got into my side.
I sighed and started the car up, her singing some song in gibberish.
"La la la!" Melanie screamed.
This was like taking care of a freakin' two year old.
When we got home, Melanie had somehow managed to already get out of the car and was sitting on the floor next to the door when I got over to her.
I picked her up again and walked up the pathway to my house. Unlocking the door with her in my hands was a difficult task, but i managed to get it done.
Spots barked at me like crazy when I walked in, until he realized it was me.
I set a giggling Melanie down on the couch and walked over to the back door to let Spots out. He darted right outside and started to run circles on the grass.
When I turned back around, Melanie wasn't where I left her.
"Shit."
A crashing sound came from the kitchen.
I instantly ran in there, to see Melanie sitting on the floor next to a broken glass.
"Don't move." I told her.
The last thing I needed was to have to take her to the hospital to remove a piece of glass from her ass, or arm or leg.