
He shrugged and leaned up to peck my lips quickly.
"Nothing, because I'm just as mean as you are sometimes."
"Oh so I'm mean now?" I was trying to hold in my laughter.
"Very." He mumbled before pecking my lips again. "But I love you anyway."
"And what if I don't love you?"
"Then you might be a gold digger."
"How?"
"Because if you didn't love me, then you wouldn't be marrying me unless it was for another reason, which could be my money."
"Ah. Well, it's too bad that you have no money!"
"I have money!"
"Mm sure."
"You're being mean again."
"Good, you need someone to be mean to you for you to learn something."
"I'm plenty smart, I don't need to learn nothing."
"Don't you mean anything?"
"No?"
I just laughed.
Paul replied by sticking his tongue out at me. To which I smiled and rolled my eyes at him.
"Ugh get a room!"
I turned slightly to see Danny and Clara standing on the patio.
"Come on Attar, let's go."
"But it's only 2 P.M."
"Well, Daniel and Paul need to film, and besides, you're spending the night at my place tonight because I barely see you anymore, so you're going to have to deal with it."
I groaned and buried my face in Paul's chest.
"Daniel is also spending the night here, whether you like it or not, Zimmer, so, they need guy time."
"Can't they have guy time later?" I whined.
"No. Now get your white American ass up and let's go!"
I groaned and climbed out of the hammock. I stomped over to Clara, like a little kid, making whining noises the entire time.
"And Clara says I'm immature." Danny mumbled to himself. Paul had got up and walked over so that he was standing next to Danny. When Danny had spoken this, Paul smacked his arm.
"You still are immature!"
"Fair enough."
"Melanie, I'm giving you 20 minutes to be packed and in the car. Got it?"I nodded at Clara and walked into the house, heading towards my bedroom. Once in there, I grabbed a duffel bag and started throwing my shit into it.
I grabbed one of Paul's band shirts, wanting to sleep into it tonight. Hopefully he wouldn't choose to wear it tomorrow morning. And if he did, well then he would have to deal with wearing something else.
As I finished packing, I felt Paul's arms wrap around me.
"I'll miss you." He mumbled into my ear. It had been a few years since Paul and I had spent the night away from each other. So it would be a bit weird to fall asleep without his arms around me.
"Ha! Gay!"
"I'm starting to think that maybe you enjoy my pain."
"Yup, I'm very sadistic."