
"I'm going to drop you off there and continue with my shopping. Okay?"
I just nodded again and followed after her. Looking at my feet as we walked.
{[Wattpad deleted about 300 words from here so i'm a little mad.]}
When we got to the food court, Clara handed me a twenty, and walked away.
I sighed and headed over to the Subway. It was the place with the shortest line.
Once it was my turn, I ordered what i always did. Cold-cut combo, five foot long, Italian bread, American cheese. And that was it. There were no veggies or sauces that I liked to put on my sandwich.
"Anything else?"
I shook my head and the person nodded.
He told me my total, and I handed over the money.
"Keep the change." I mumbled before grabbing my food and walking away. He smiled at me as I turned away.
I sat at one of the many empty tables. Two girls sat at the table next to it. They were whispering together, but I could still hear them.
"Oh my god, isn't that Paul Zimmer's girlfriend?"
"I thought he proposed?"
"Right. Sorry. Fiancee. God, why would such a hot guy like Paul want to marry such an ugly girl like her?"
"I have no clue. And I've heard that she has a horrible personality."
"How so?"
"She's constantly whining and annoying the shit out of Paul. No doubt does she annoy Danny and his wife Clara too."
"Did you know that apparently Melanie is super self conscious?"
"Not surprising. I would be too, if I had the body of a fat 8 year old boy. And if I constantly looked like shit. I mean seriously, does she even try to look good?"
I took a bite into my sandwich. It was all I could do to hold back tears.
"What does Paul even see in her?"
"I have no clue! I mean, who would want to date that?"
"She also does nothing for him. I mean, come on! She doesn't even have a real job! Being an author barely gives you any money!"
"Have you read her book yet?"
"Yeah! Complete shit! It just helped me realize how stupid she was."
I gulped in some air into my lungs and looked down at the granite of the table.
"I seriously hate her with a burning passion."
"I do too. I mean, who does she think she is? Dating Paul Zimmer while all she is is drama and bitchiness."
"Isn't she the girl that brought all that trouble onto Paul three years ago?"
"Oh yeah! She was the one in the wheelchair that made Paul go through all the trouble of going to California for her sorry ass."
"And didn't she cause a huge disturbance on Twitter?"
"Yeah, I remember that. Something about people telling her that she was ugly, a whore and that she should kill herself. God, I wish she would've killed herself. Or that she does it tonight. She just doesn't deserve to live anymore."
I pushed my food away from me, no longer hungry. I could feel the bile trying to come out of my throat as I choked back tears.