
"I thought you were being murdered or something!" He groaned from the bed.
"Yeah, because i would be squealing if I got murdered.'' My voice was sarcastic, there was no doubt about it.
"No need to be sassy." He chuckled from the bed. "So what are you so happy about anyway?"
I gestured for him to come over. I heard the bed squeak, meaning that he had gotten up and was walking over towards me.
Paul leaned over me, resting on hand on my thigh and the other on the table in front of us. His face was right next to my neck, so when he talked, i felt him breathe.
I shivered a bit when he spoke.
"Whoa. Am I actually seeing what i think I'm seeing?" He asked.
I nodded and turned back to face him. Paul leaned down and kissed my lips.
"I'm so proud of you." He said once he pulled back. I blushed slightly and turned back towards the computer.
"I can't believe people actually like my book. I always thought I was a shit writer.... But no, people actually like it."
"You're not a shit writer." Paul mumbled against my neck. He kissed the spot where he had just been and then pulled away.
"I'm going to go get dressed, okay?"
I turned in his direction and smiled at him. "Okay. What are we doing today?"
"Danny said something about a boat."
"But it's the winter..."
"We are in Las Vegas, I don't think that'll matter." He winked at me before walking into the bathroom.
I chuckled slightly and then closed the laptop.
I walked over to my suitcase and pulled out my swim suit that I had brought. The only reason I had it with me was because I knew that there was a hot tub at this hotel.
I waited for Paul to get out of the bathroom, so that I could shower.
It took him a total of around 15 minutes. His hair was freshly spiked up, telling me that he had just put some gel in it.
Smirking as I did so, I reached my hand up and ruffled Paul's hair.
"Melanie!" He yelled, with a whiny voice. "Now I have to fix it!"
"Oh no you don't, I need to shower."
"Why can't I fix it while your in the shower?" He asked, his eyebrows raised.
"Because showering is  a very personal thing."
"Uh.... I helped you shower for about a year."
I put my hand over his mouth and shushed him. "Don't question me."
He took my hand away. "But-"
"No questions."
Paul rolled his eyes. "Fine, you can have the damn bathroom to yourself if you want it that bad."
I smiled in victory then walked around him.
"Can I at least have a kiss first?"
"Not until after I shower!" I yelled as I closed the door behind me.
"No fair!" Paul whined.
"All's fair in love and war!"
"That had nothing to do with anything!"
"Does it seem like I care?" I asked as I pulled my shirt over my head.