
"Yeah, a few years ago."
"Well you met Ansel Elgort!"
I stopped reaching for the door that was right in front of me and turned towards her. "I did?"
"You don't remember?"
"No..."
"We both ran into him in the middle of Disneyland!"
"Oh yeah!"
"How could you forget that?"
"I just did, okay? Sheesh."
Ana laughed and I turned back tot he door and opened it.
"How's your business coming along?" I asked, as we walked inside. It was dark, almost impossible to see. The floor had glow in the dark stuff on it, leading the way to another door. Before we opened it, I turned to Ana.
She shrugged. "You'll tell me! You're the one who brings in the money!"
"You have other clients."
"All of which can't write books, at all. Whatsoever."
"And I can?"
"Well obviously! I wouldn't have any money if you didn't!"
I laughed and opened the next door. Ana followed quickly after me.
The chatter was deafening. Everywhere I looked, people were talking to each other loudly.  Some were screaming to be heard over the others.
I rubbed my face a bit before following Anastasia to a table. We sat down next to each other, and I pulled out my phone. I had a text from Paul.
Paul-you here yet?
Me- yeah, just got here.
Paul- meet me by the chocolate fountain.
Me- i'll be right there.
He sent a smiley face in response.
"I'm going to go to where Paul is. Will you be okay?" I asked Ana as I stood up.
"Yeah, I'll be fine! Go have fun! Just not too much without protection, got it?" She winked at.
"I already told you that I'm never having sex."
"You said that the first time I met you at that concert!"
"I'm still standing by it."
"Mmhm, Clara may believe you-"
"She doesn't."
"-but I'm not falling for that shit. Now, go have fun."
I rolled my eyes, grabbed my purse from where I had set it on the table, and walked towards the chocolate fountain. Paul wasn't over there.
I frowned and pulled out my phone, right as I felt someone wrap their arms around me. I froze, scared that it might be someone I didn't know, until i heard them speak.
"There you are." Paul mumbled against my neck. I laughed slightly and turned around to face him. His pupils were dilated, as he looked me over. "You look fucking amazing." He mumbled before kissing my lips. I smiled into the kiss and brought my hands up to wrap around his neck and deepen the kiss.
"Alright, you two, get a room."
I turned slightly to see Danny.
"Cock block." I heard Paul mutter. I scoffed and hit his chest with my hand. He laughed.