
@bluehairdweirdo: @melanieattar have you picked out a wedding dress yet?
@melanieattar: @bluehairdweirdo nah not yet but i've been looking
@amari_egypt: @melanieattar who's your OTP
@melanieattar: @amari_egypt me and food, duh
I decided that I was done answering questions for now and logged onto Wattpad. I had new comments on my story. What was funny was that no one knew (well except for like 3 people) that I was the one with this account. Everyone (again, except for those small amount of people) thought I was just some fangirl. Freaking awesome if you ask me.
I always loved Wattpad because of this. I could still update my stupid fanfictions and I wouldn't get judged for them because there were other fangirls on here writing fanfiction too.
And, I would be able to get judged fairly by the fandoms that I was writing the fanfiction for without worrying about people being basied because of who I was.
I'm pretty sure Paul doesn't even know about this Wattpad account. He knows about my other one, the one that I had froma  while ago, which I wrote The Masked Thief on. But I never told him about this one.
Clara, Anastasia and my internet friend Olivia were the only ones to know of my true identity on this site. Unless of course some random person found out, which would be weird, but hey, never say never, right?
I started writing my fanfiction about Michael Clifford and was whisked away into the world i had created for myself.
—-
"Hey Mel, will you go get the mail?" Paul called from the kitchen. He had gotten home not that long ago, and luckily for me I had already logged out of Wattpad.
"Yeah sure." I nodded and then grabbed the mail box key from the bowl where we kept all of our keys at, and walked out of the hosue.
It tok me about two minutes to get there, grab the mail, and get back inside.
It was mostly just stupid stuff.
Direct TV wanting us to upgrade.
Khols discounts.
Newspaper.
A letter to Paul.
Wait, a letter to Paul? Who would send a letter? Why not just email?
"Hey Paul! You've got a letter!"
"A letter?" He yelled back.
"Yeah!"
"Will you open it for me?"
"Are you sure?"
"You don't have to but will you?"
"Okay..."
I peeled open the envelope and pulled out the contents.
It was a flyer and then a typed up letter.
Digi Fest.
The flyer was about Digi Fest and all the dates, plus who was coming.
I looked over the letter.
Paul Zimmer-
We know that you already said no to Digi Fest this year, but we were sending this incase you changed your mind.  Danny agreed to going, so we were hoping that maybe you decided to come too.
We understand  if you decide not to, but if you do, please give us a call.