
"I want food." I stated, walking into the kitchen.
"When don't you?" He asked, laughing.
"This is true. But now I really really want food."
"And why is that?"
I just made a humming noise. Paul obviously knew what that meant.
"I'll go buy some Phish Food ice cream." He sighed and headed towards the key bowl. "Do you need anything else while I'm out?"
"Can you buy me a really cozy blanket?"
"We already have a bunch!"
"Pleeeeeeeeease?"
"Fine." He laughed, grabbed his keys and walked out of the door.
Ha, I thought, he obviously doesn't know my cycle. It's not for another week. But now I get ice cream. Woo!
Paul hated the word period. It just bugged the shit out of him. So I agreed to just humming at him like that whenever I was craving food because of it.
He also apparently didn't know that periods were once a month, because I did this to him last week too.
Actually, I'm pretty sure I do it to him each week.
I'm such a great fiancée aren't I?
I laughed to myself and whistled for Spots. He came bounding into the room, tongue flopping out of his mouth, ears flying everywhere.
I filled his water bowl up, along with his food bowl, and patted his butt towards it. He knew what that meant and ran over to the food and water, eating and drinking everything almost instantly.
---
"I got your ice cream!" Paul yelled, closing the door behind him.
I looked up from my phone and smiled at him. He smiled back.
"What about my blanket?"
He tossed something at me. I caught it, to find that it was a fleece blanket.
I grinned wider, causing him to laugh.
"I'll go get you a spoon for your ice cream. Will you share some with me?"
"Sure. I can't eat the entire thing in one go because of how sugary sweet it is so yeah, why not?"
"Great." he smiled again and walked into the kitchen.
When he came back, the ice cream was open and the two spoons were stuck in it.
He sat down next to me, and pulled me slightly so that I was leaning against his shoulder. For some reason, Paul usually always did this whenever he thought I was on my period.
I've learned not to question it.
Besides, it was kind of nice.
"I know you're not actually on your period by the way." He mumbled into my ear.
I tensed and turned towards him. "I can explain."
Paul laughed. "Explain that you just really wanted ice cream and used that as an excuse to get me to get you some?"
"Well, i guess you already know."
"You know, i'm not as stupid as i may look. I did take sex ed. And in that class, it said that women get the periods once a month, or every five weeks. And that it lasts 4-7 days. You ask me to get ice cream for you once a week because of your 'period' which means that you are lying."