
"Oh my God ,have you seen Alex Smith's new video!""Yeeeesssss its so good ,right!!""He is so hot!!"How my day usually goes and I go to school andi listen to how great his new video or his new song or the person that he dances with now. I hate Alex Smith, his music sucks , and his videos suck. I listen to better music. Not this stuff that he's putting out. But I go to school and learn and I go back home and wash my ears because I listen to this crap in the hallways. I feel liked his songs have no meaning behind them.Tommorow will be the same no one will talk to me because I am the girl with the weird hair. I make my hair a new color or colors every month. This month it is purple hair. I go to sleep.When I wake up. I get dressed in a hoodie and jeans . I pull the hood up and jam in my head phones and listen to ' holiday by green day.' Its one full volume ,when I get to school its plays over and over . when to I get to my favorite class, art Mr. Xavier motions for me to take out my head phones for a minute. I do as told and take my seat.
Mr.Xavier says" class we have a new student, why don't you introduce yourself. "
" hi, I am Adam William. I moved from L.A and I am very excited to meet you all." He has longs sleeves and jeans with converses .
Mr. Xavier says " pick a seat ,and class start your self portraits" he sits in the only seat left. The one next to me. He looks at me , I look at him . he waves and I go back to my sketch book.
And then Mr. Xavier says " Haley hood down the principal is coming today, and I have to look like a stern teacher." I don't say anything and I pull down my hood. My bright purple hair, and I look up to see Adam looking at my hair and has his mouth wide open. I laugh and go back to my work.
The principal walks in and walks straight to me and says ,"Haily i told you about your hair"
" i know sir." I reply , he nods and goes around the class and soon leaves. When the bell rings ,I put my stuff in my backpack ready to go home.
But Mr.Xavier says" Haily will you put away the paint, brushes, and wash the counter. I am sorry ,but I have an emergency meeting to go to."
I reply " sure." I look around and see the classroom is empty, I put in my headphones and listen to 'do I wanna know, by article monkeys' ( A.N if you don't know the song its in one of my books and the title of the book is my music). I sing until the job was done and then I heard slow clapping. I turn around quickly to see Adam there and he is smirking.
I ask" how long have you been there?"
" long enough to hear you sing about half of the song."
I run and grab my stuff , and ran home. When I got home I was exhausted, no one and I mean no one has ever heard me sing. not even my parents. I took a shower and I got ready for bed but when I went to reach for my phone to listen to music, and it wasn't there. I searched everywhere until I reach a conclusion... I either left it in the room or it fell out. Hopefully its the Mr. Xavier finds it and holds it for me. And with that hopeful thought I went to sleep.
*** how is it, comment and stuff. I heart you. Bye.***