
So you decided to give my mpreg a chance, yayy!! Well I warn you, you're in for a rollercoaster of emotions.
Kellins POV
"Hey Kell Kells" Tony said skipping into the kitchen.
"What" I mumbled taking another bite of waffles.
"Someones not a morning person"
"I just have a headache okay" I ate the last bite of waffles and walked over to the sink. I turned the water on and quickly washed the plate.
"Oh I hope you feel better later on" he said.
"Thanks"
I sat at the table while Tony started making his self breakfast. He grabbed a jar of nutella and spread some of it on his toast.
"So what do you have planned today" he asked.
"Nothing"
He pulled his self up and sat on the counter "Is Vic coming over"
"No I actually haven't seen him in a week" The disappointment was clearly in my voice.
"Why not"
"Hes been busy with the kingdom and all that stuff"
"Do you wanna go to the mall with me and Mike" he asked.
"No I'm fine go do your coupley things"
"Well just remember this is your house too now. Don't be shy and not eat anything"
I smiled at him. "Okay. Now go have fun with Mike"
"Bye Kellin"
"Bye"
**time lapse**
"You can't just leave him like that". I grabbed a tissue off the table and wiped my tears away.
"Noooo come back to him. You don't love the other guy". I yelled at the tv.
I heard the door opening followed by the lights being turned on.
"Did you see that guys face it was.... Kellin when I said you could eat what you wanted I didn't mean the whole kitchen" Tony said.
"What do you mean"
"And have you been crying" Mike asked.
"It was a very emotional movie" I yelled.
"Seriously Kellin. Popcorn, chips, and... MY NUTELLA. IM GOING TO KILL HIM"
"I'm sorry I didn't realize it until it was gone"
"You better be sorry. How does one even manage to eat this much" he asked.
"I d-don't know" I stuttered out.
I felt my stomach churn.
"Oh god" I clutched my stomach.
"Not on the carpet. Not on the carpet" Tony screamed.
I ran out of the room and into the bathroom. All the contents that I had just eaten made an appearence again.
Once my stomach was empty I flushed the toilet and closed the lid. I got up and looked at myself in the mirror.
"God I look so fucked up right now" I mumbled looking at my tired eyes and extra pale face that I had this morning.
I grabbed my toothbrush and quickly brushed my teeth to get rid of the taste. When I was done I walked into the kitchen where Mike and Tony were.