
Prologue
-"I don't know what is happening to me ... there is something ..." Both of Zak's fist tightened as he felt the worst imaginable pain start at the center of his stomach and slowly course its way through his entire body. "There is something inside of me." Zak found himself crying out.
Nick quickly put a firm but comforting hand on Zak's shoulder.
-"It's okay dude, just relax." He said soothingly. Unsure what exactly was wrong with his friend.
Zak's whole body grew stiff. His muscles contracted against his will and he sluggishly lost all control of his limbs. Panic seeped deep into him. Something ... no someone was inside him, trying to take control, to take over. He had been possessed before, but none of those occasions had ever felt like this.
Pain ... Hatred ... Agony.
They were emotions that consumed him within seconds. He couldn't remember what happiness was, had he ever truly felt it, he wondered cynically. He had never felt anything so raw in his life. Despair soon took over all his senses. Zak almost felt like he was being rewritten, every thought, every memory, erased and replaced with sadness and fury.
-"Zak? Zak?" Aaron rushed over discarding his camera on the ground.
He felt another pair of hands grab hold of his other shoulder and spin him around. He could his friends ... or were they enemies ... they were close, too close, but he couldn't see them. With his eyes shut tightly all Zak could see was a red haze of animosity for everything and anything around him.
-"Come on dude, fight it!" Nick spoke from his other side, seeing the changes come over him.
Zak felt his entire body start to tremble as the entity traveled through his entire body until it reached his head. Zak clearly heard a callous and cold laugh echo through his mind and all his senses suddenly became alive.
His skin felt too tight for his body, each touch from his friends burnt and bruised his skin. All the sounds around him became loud and sharp. Aaron and Nick's desperate cries were like nails to a chalk board.
That was when all the strange feelings he was experiencing overwhelmed him. The hostility and rancor for the two men who were crowding him overtook his mind. They were nuisance and he needed to get rid of them. Now.
Zak's muscles slowly unclenched and with his control back he wasted no time to fall to the temptation he had been feeling. He turned and grabbed Nick by the neck. Unsuspecting of the attack, Nick was caught off-guard and was whipped around like a ragdoll. Zak threw him hard against the wall, never letting go of his throat.
-"Zak! Fucking stop! You have to fight it off!" Aaron roared reaching for Zak's hand, trying to help loosened Nick from his hold. "You are going to kill him, stop it!"
As if wakening from a nightmare, Zak felt himself being slammed back down into his body. He knew this was wrong. What the hell was wrong with him? Nick was his friend. But this hate ... it was to strong ... he couldn't just let go ...
Zak's whole body began to shake and convulse and with a loud bellow, he let out a loud scream as darkness consumed him.