
Elrond didn't know how to react, for the young girl had never done that before; Arirua never liked showing emotion, always scared that someone she trusted was going to betray her. "Thank you." she whispered, "Thank you for caring for me. In your halls I have found a home. Thank you for believing in me and never giving up on me." With that, she left the room quickly, only to find Arwen outside the door, waiting.
"Will you help me pack?" Arirua asked her only friend. Arwen smiled. "Of course, come." she said.
~
"Why did he let her go mother? Didn't he know that she might not return to Rivendell?" Eldarion asked Arwen.
"He trusted her to protect herself. Arirua was not one to go down without a fight. She may not seem like a warrior, but Arirua was always one of the best warriors Rivendell had ever seen. She had many years to study the fighting techniques of our people." Arwen explained to her small son.
"Don't stop, please. Continue the story. What happened next?" Eldarion asked his mother. Arwen sighed; he was never going to sleep if she did not finish the story.
~
"Arirua...."
"Do you have all the supplies you will need?" Elrond asked Arirua as she began to mount her steed, Elenduriel.
"I do believe I have everything." Arirua assured him.
"Before you leave, Arwen and I would like to present you with a gift." Arwen came up with a bundle in her arms and a smile on her face. She passed it to Elrond who then in turn gave it to Arirua. Arirua looked at them; they had treated her like one of their own and now they presented her with gifts. Her people didn't do that. They stayed in their place, never interacted, unless they were supposed to. She pulled away the leather that was wrapped around the item; inside was a beautiful silver sword with that was beautifully detailed. On the hilt she saw a shining gem that looked as though it was a star from the sky.
"It..... It's beautiful." Arirua breathed.
"It is named Lalar." Arwen informed her. "Night Shine. It is a gift from us and all the people of Rivendell. We wish you luck on your journey and safety. May the stars watch over you." Arirua smiled at Arwen and placed her hand on the young girl's head.
"You are going to be a wise and beautiful woman one day Arwen; the stars have always known that." Arirua told her. Arwen bowed her head and quickly left, not wanting to watch her dear friend leave.
"May your journey be blessed my child." Elrond said to Arirua. She nodded to him.
"Do not worry. My people watch over me, they will not let me fall and I will not let anything make me fall." She promised him. Arirua then attached Lalar to her saddle and nudged Elenduriel. "Goodbye my Lord." And with that, the Silver Star left the border of Rivendell for the first time in many years.
~
"Arirua traveled for many days and nights, not wanting to stop. She wanted to see the world but she also did not want to be late. She rode long and hard, only stopping when it was necessary." Arwen continued as she told her son his story.
"Where was she going mother?" he asked her.
"Arirua was never sure. She just knew that if she was looking for a company of dwarves and Gandalf the Wizard, there would be talk of it. She listened closely when she was at inns and market places, listening for word of their travels."