
Arwen smiled at her young son. His father had taken up to his chambers to go to sleep for it was well past his time to be asleep. However, tonight, he would not retire. Arwen sat on the edge of the bed, touching her son's forehead, brushing away his dark curls from his eyes.
"Eldarion, why will you not sleep? You must be very tired my son. You have had a long day out with your father and you will have another one tomorrow." Arwen asked him.
"I am not tired." he replied. Arwen smiled at his innocent answer. "What will help you sleep my son?" she asked him. Eldarion thought there for a moment, with his brow crinkled from thought. His eyes suddenly got wide and he smiled.
"Will you tell me a story mother?" he asked eagerly, sitting up in his bed. "An elvish tale?" Arwen looked at her son. He usually asked Aragorn to tell him a story, for he loved to hear of his father's adventures with Gandalf and Frodo. He had never asked her to tell him a story unless it was about one of her husband's adventures.
"Of course. Have you heard the tale of the Silver Star?" Eldarion shook his head, and looked at his mother expectantly.
"Well there is a story among the elves of the girl that was born of starlight that lived among our people. Many believe that this is not true, for they believe that stars stay in their place and never fall from the heavens, but this is not true, for I have seen the star with my own eyes." Eldarion's eyes grew big at the comment. "Yes, for me and the star were friends." Arwen said with a smile. "The tale begins many years back."
~
Laughter filled Lord Elrond's halls. The lord of the house smiled to himself, looking up from the scroll he had been reading over. He sighed, he didn't like this, not one bit but he knew she would want to go. He was happy that the girl in question had grown comfortable with Rivendell. Not only that, but Arwen had finally found someone that she could easily relate to. Elrond got up from his high backed chair and walked out of his study with the scroll he had been reading only moments ago in his hand, following the laughter of the two girls. When he finally reached Arwen's room, he looked in to see them both sitting on the bed, weaving vines and branches together. After being there for only a moment he heard,
"Come in father. I know that you are there." Elrond smiled as he pushed his daughter's door open, knowing very well that she knew he was there. "Hello my dear." Arwen quickly got up off the bed and ran to give her father a hug. The other young girl stayed on the bed, fiddling with one of the sticks they had been weaving only moments ago. Elrond put his daughter down and walked back to the bed with her. "How are you fairing today Arirua?" he asked the girl. Arirua smiled up at him with her silver eyes.
"I am fairing well. Thank you for asking Lord Elrond." she said. "What brings you to Arwen's room, may I ask?" The high elf just smiled. She was always curious about things.
"I came looking for you." Arirua's ears pricked up; usually he came looking for Arwen, not her.
"How may I be of service my lord?" she asked. "I wish to speak about this in private, would you excuse us for a moment please Arwen?" Arwen nodded and gracefully walked out of the room.
"Arirua, I have a letter for you. From Mithrandir." Arirua looked at him. Gandalf the Grey? "He will be taking a long journey with a company of dwarves and he wishes for you to join them. He believes that it would be good for you to see the world outside of Rivendell. I do not like the idea of it, but I cannot forbid you from going. Arirua, would you care to join Mithrandir on his journey?" She looked at him with wide eyes. How could he think she would say no?
"It would be my honor Lord Elrond. To both serve you in the matter as well as Mithrandir. I must go and prepare to depart." She got up off the bed and began to walk to the door. Elrond stood up, watching her go. When she got to the door, she placed her hand on the handle and quickly turned around and walked back to the bed, giving Elrond a hug.