
~
Arirua pulled her hood closer to her face, hiding her almost white hair from the onlookers. Pale hair was not common in these parts, and she did not want any unwanted attention. She quickly walked up to one of the vendors that were selling fruit.
"I will take two." she told the woman behind the cart, not looking her in the eyes. The woman nodded and picked out two of the fruits, trading them with the money that Arirua passed her. She smiled. "Thank you kind lady." she said as she noticed that Arirua had given her more then was needed. Arirua just nodded. She began walking back to where she had tied up Elenduriel, when she was stopped by something she heard.
"Have you heard of the dwarf company traveling towards the Great East Road?" one of the men said.
"No, can't say that I have." the man who was listening told him.
"There is talk that they are being accompanied by a wizard as well. A strange mixture of beings if you asked me." the man replied. Arirua quickly turned to them.
"Excuse me sir, but how far is the Great East Road from here?" Arirua asked. The men looked at her.
"A good couple of days ride from here lass. It's not an area one should travel alone as well, especially by a woman as young and weak as you." the man that had been telling the story said. Arirua's hands closed into fists; she wished to show the man how strong she truly was, but she knew better. "Thank you." was all she said. She quickly walked off.
"Lass, where are you going?" the man yelled after her.
"I have a wizard to find."
Arirua never went to the Great East Road. Instead she traveled more away from it, knowing that they had not gotten to the Great East Road yet. It had been several days and Arirua was growing tired. She was traveling through a more elevated area of the land when she saw the campfire and Elenduriel whined the way she did when there were other horses nearby. Arirua smiled to herself; she had found them.
A/N: Well, hello again lovely readers. You'll never guess what happened... my entire story was deleted off of Wattpad!😱 I have no idea how or why or anything but all I can do it reupload it. Luckily, I'm smart enough to save all of my work. But on the negative side, I lost all of y'all's love and support! Hopefully, I haven't lost it, and you'll continue to read Arirua's story. Much love to you all!😘