
Her eyes opened once more, her heartbeat slowing as she felt tiredness take over her mind. The last thing she saw was a very naked man walking towards her.
Unable to stay awake any longer, she welcomed the darkness that washed over her.
~
She woke in the dark. Her body felt as if she'd been through the wars, sore and tired. Groaning, she pushed herself up, her body protesting as she slumped back into the pillows. She stared at the ceiling, her eyes half open as she breathed in deeply before trying to push herself up again.
Her fingers ran through her hair and she sat on the bed, her head pounding. She looked down at the covers, watching as the dark coloured sheets pooled around her. It was then that she realised she wasn't in her own bed; her sheets were white.
Leaping to her feet, she ignored the pain rushing to her head as she rushed to the door and threw it open. Standing before her was a young girl, about the same age as her, her fist raised in the air, ready to knock on the door. Suddenly a grin broke out on the girl's face as she pushed a strand of strawberry blonde hair behind her ear. Walking into the room and shutting the door, she turned to face the girl who stared at her in shock.
"Hi! I'm Artemis!" She stuck out her hand, waiting for the human girl to shake her hand, who in return only raised an eyebrow. The blonde girl giggled and nodded her head. "I know, I know, my parents are pretty big on the whole Greek mythology crap. They thought it'd be funny to name us after gods. Though, I'm not entirely sure why they named me after the Goddess of Hunting. I can barely watch someone dissect a bloody frog-"
"I'm sorry for being rude, but could you please be quiet?" The smaller girl breathed out, confused by the blonde girl's presence.
Artemis stared at the human girl, a small smile on her face. "What is your name?"
The white haired girl peered at her, large doe eyes wide as she coughed. Artemis watched as she sat on the edge of the large bed, folding her legs underneath her small frame. "Anya..." She finally whispered, Artemis was barely able to hear her, even with her advanced hearing.
"Oh! You are so cute!" She paused, glancing at the human girl, noticing her pyjamas. Or lack of them. Artemis grabbed the girl's thin wrist, tugging her towards the door, "Come on, I'll find you something to wear." Anya looked at the carpet, her pale cheek burning with red as she used her free hand to tug down the oversized shirt that covered her small body. Only then did she smell the peppermint scent that washed over her. Noticing her silence, Artemis glanced over her shoulder, a knowing smile on her face as she led the girl across the old fashioned hall and into another bedroom. "Zeus is definitely going to love you." She closed the door shut firmly behind her, gently pushing the human girl towards a desk. "Now, sit here while I pick something out for you. You're probably a little smaller than me, but I'm sure I can find you something..." She trailed off as she disappeared through another door.
Anya took the chance to look around the room that had been decorated with beautiful white furniture, the pale yellow walls creating a glow in the early morning sun. She sat awkwardly at the desk, timid voice calling out, "Who is Zeus?"
Artemis' head suddenly appeared, poking out of the walk in closet. She grinned at Anya, the rest of her body following as she handed the girl a pile of clothes. She took a seat on her bed, watching as Anya turned in the chair to face her, clothes held tightly in her thin hands. "Zeus is my older brother, leader of this pack. My middle brother, Hercules-"