
a/n: it would mean a great deal if you guys could let me know how you feel about this story, it's been a long time since I've written a story - for my own purposes other than school - and I'm kind of skeptical on whether to carry this on. (Sorry if any of you get confused with the names)
Zeus| one |
He had smelt her before he saw her. The scent lingering in his nostrils as he stood, the pads of his paws softly brushing against the dry autumn leaves. His fur twitched as a gust of wind passed by, his yellow eyes unmoving. She was panting, he could hear her heartbeat racing within her chest, her cries soft, almost silent as she stumbled, weaving in and out of trees, hoping to find her way out.
A gunshot.
The shouts of men. He heard her choke on her own breath, and her pace increased, faster and faster until she was running clumsily through the forest.
"WHERE ARE YOU, YOU LITTLE BITCH?!"
They were close, he could sense their footsteps as they chased after her, the vibrations through the ground almost sent a shiver down his spine. They ran faster, their calls echoing throughout the endless darkness, angry voices, one even sounded amused. Huge body standing proudly, he moved, slow gentle footsteps as he manoeuvred his body until he stood in between the girl and the men who wanted her. He did not know who she was, nor did he care. All he knew was that he had to protect her.
It was a tall skinny boy who first saw him, his lean body pushing through the bushes, coming to a halt at the sight of the beast that stood before him. The wolf watched the human, predicting his movements before the boy's brain even had time to think of his next action. A low rumble ripped its way through his chest, the men came to halt behind the boy who stared wide eyed at the beast that stood before them.
"Oh come on!"
The yellow eyes flashed towards the dark haired man who stood behind the boy. He quickly changed their positions, shoving the boy behind him, causing him to stumble before the eldest man pulled him to his feet before he fell. The dark haired man looked at the greying man, whose eyes hadn't moved from the beast's.
"Just shoot the fucker and let's go!"
Another growl broke the silence, the young boy yelping in surprise. Yellow eyes met dark brown and the dark haired man rolled his eyes, aiming his gun towards the beast who had now crouched low to the ground, ready to pounce. He hadn't forgotten about the girl, who had stopped running long ago, her wild eyes watching the standoff from behind a nearby tree. She shivered, taking a step backwards, before her foot came down and stepped on a branch. He heard her heartbeat pick up pace, the men startled at the sound of a broken branch. The dark haired human took a step towards her.
"You little brat-"
A roar cut him off, his body suddenly slammed to the ground.
She quickly shut her eyes, her body wavering before she fell to the ground in exhaustion. Unable to move, she had no choice but to listen to the screams of the man who had tried to kill her just moments before. The elder man grabbed the young boy, jumping out of the way as the beast took the life of their friend. "Go!" The man yelled, pushing the terrified boy before him, forcing him to move his feet. "God damn it, Jason! MOVE!!" The young boy took off, not even glancing back as he ran away from the horror before him. The older man looked at the mess of fur and blood one last time before he took off after Jason, leaving his friend behind.
The screams had long stopped, the man's life ended. She lay on a bed of leaves, small frame shivering in the cold night air, her eyes opening no closing. He watched her, the crumpled body of the man lying at his feet, forgotten. She was delicate, fragile, small and vulnerable as she lay just a few feet from him. He wanted nothing more than to protect her.