
"Apollo, don't be such a prat! Mum said I could go!" The teenage girl didn't seem to be aware that she had an audience as she shouted at a tall, light haired boy who Anya assumed to be her brother. Unlike her brother, the girl had dark brown hair, a pixie hair cut that matched her fiery attitude.
The light haired brother towered over his sister, unfazed as he glared back down at her. "I really don't give a shit, you're not goi-!"
"Apollo! You wash your mouth out with soap!" Anya turned her head to look at the cook, a small older lady, her greying hair tied back into a bun, an apron wrapped around her plump waist. The taller boy looked down at her, a pained expression on his face. "I've known you since the day you were born, I will not have such foul language in my kitchen! Do you hear me?!" Anya shrunk back closer to Artemis as the boy named Apollo lowered his head, mumbling an apology. "I have a good mind to give you a clip around the ear!" She turned abruptly, muttering foreign words that Anya didn't understand, returning to her duty. Apollo glared down at his sister, who in return sarcastically grinned back at him.
A third presence made itself known as it rose from the table behind Apollo and his sister. He was tall, a head full of mousy brown hair that curled, his sky blue eyes curiously peering at Anya, who unconsciously stepped back, Artemis' grasp on her arm tightening. Apollo and his sibling, now aware of her presence, took a step backwards as he walked towards Anya, stopping just a few feet before her. Looking back at the huge man who towered over her small frame, Anya recognised him. A knowing smile placed itself onto his lips, "You know who I am?" His deep voice seemed to vibrate through her spine, Artemis giving her a reassuring smile.
"I-I-" Anya couldn't find the words, the only thoughts running through her head were of how she last saw him, naked as the day he was born. The man before her chuckled.
"I wouldn't have Zeus hear those thoughts, he'd kill us both."
Anya found herself smiling back at him shyly, her cheeks burning. Apollo's sister took a step forward, holding out her hand. "Hello, I'm Athena." This time, Anya laughed out loud. Taken aback, Athena looked at her brother, whose eyes narrowed at the human before him, taking a step towards her.
"Listen here-" A strong hand was placed on his chest, shoving him back a few steps.
Hercules glared down at the younger boy. "You watch who you're talking to," he growled. Anya bit her lip, flashing Athena an apologetic look. The girl just smiled in return. Apollo and Hercules stared at each other, before a look of realisation washing over Apollo's features as he lowered his head shamefully for a second time. Hercules turned to Anya: "I apologise for my cousin's crude behaviour. Let me lead you to the dining room, and Iris will bring us breakfast." He put a hand on her shoulder, ready to lead her out of the room, when a voice interrupted.
"That won't be necessary."
Every head turned at the dominant voice that brought them to a halt. The moment Anya turned, she felt as if her body was on fire.
He was taller than Hercules, she wasn't sure if that was normal. She almost snorted; none of these people were normal. His hair was darker than Athena's, jet black and wavy, a complete contrast to Hercules. His arms were tanned, strong and muscular, crossed over his chest as his forest green eyes met hers. He felt his heart leap, a sense of comfort washing over him, the need to touch her screaming at him from every corner of his body. Both of their heartbeats pulsed in sync, their ragged breaths matching. Artemis and Athena both had matching grins on their faces, Apollo and Hercules watched with amusement as their Alpha peered at the small girl that stood a few feet from him.