
"Wait, what?" Anya stared at her, unsure whether she should laugh or not. Artemis flashed her another smile, waving her hand in dismissal. "His name is actually Hercules?" Artemis nodded her head and played with the ends of her blonde hair.
"He's the middle one. I'm the baby of the family," she grumbled, a dejected sigh escaping her lips. "Hercules is the one who saved you in the woods."
Suddenly, Anya remembered. "W-Where are we?"
Artemis stood to her feet, Anya imitating her movements. She pointed to the door that stood next to the walk-in closet. "The bathroom is there. Feel free to take a shower, I'll wait for you here before we go down for breakfast."
Anya remained rooted to the ground, her eyes glancing at the door before she looked back at Artemis. "Please tell me," she said gently, a sudden wave of panic over taking her. Artemis noticed the slight jump in the human girl's heartbeat and took a step towards her.
"I wish I could tell you. But it's honestly not my place."
She looked at the door once more, before watching as Anya slowly turned from her and entered the en-suite, locking the door behind her. She was greeted with baby blue walls, the sink and shower made from marble. Who are these people? Dismissing the thought, she quickly stripped down and carefully opened the door, switching on the nozzle, her body relaxing as the hot water washed over her body.
Artemis waited in the bedroom, perched upon her bed, another smile on her face. She was excited; the future Luna was currently taking a shower in her bathroom. Anya's arrival was written in the pack's prophecy; she was the one to bring peace between the war of wolves and humans.
Is she safe?
Artemis rolled her eyes at the voice which probed through her mind. Why wouldn't she be?
She is in your care. Artemis growled, frustrated at the amused voice ringing in her head.
Piss off, Hercules.
Whatever you say, Princess.
Artemis narrowed her eyes at her brother's comment, taking a mental note to punish him later on. Idiot, she thought, just as the water shut off in the bathroom. She grabbed her mobile phone, that lay on her bedside cabinet, shoving it into her jean pocket. Opening her drawer, she fished around until she found her locket, opening the small clasp and looking inside. A photograph of herself and the man she was destined to spend the rest of her life with. A sad smile made its way onto Artemis' face as she placed a gentle kiss on the locket, before she closed it and gently put it back in her drawer. "I love you."
Artemis stood, just as Anya opened the bathroom door, a smile on her face to hide her pain. Anya returned the gesture, holding the t-shirt in her hand. "Where should I put this?" Artemis stepped forward and took the top from her hand, placing it in the washing basket that stood in the corner of her bedroom. She looked at Anya, the white dress fit her perfectly, falling a few inches above her knees. Wet hair fell down her back, long and wavy, her pale skin seemingly illuminated by the morning glow that fought through the net curtains. Anya bit her lip, "Do I look okay? I think it fits..."
Artemis smiled, "You look perfect." She looked at her future Luna once more, before linking her arm through the thin arm of the human. "Girl, we need to put some meat on your bones! Come on, let's go get some food." She tugged her out of the room, leading her down the grand staircase that stood majestically in the middle of the house, and towards the kitchen.
A few people stood by the table, another dressed in a cook's outfit busily preparing a meal. Anya looked around the room, one that was easily double the size of her bedroom back home. Home. She blinked, would she ever get to see home again? Artemis, unaware of the conflict behind the human's eyes, tugged her towards the group of people, two of whom appeared to be arguing.