
"Okay daddy." I smiled and he held me close to him gripping my butt.
"You know I like when you call me that right?" He asked and I nodded.
"Yes." I said
"How about we go upstairs and do a quick-" Dj began to cry and I smiled.
"Sorry." I said.
"Nah baby boy just jealous because I was closer to you than he was." He laughed.
"That might be true him a momma's boy ain't he!"I asked grabbing him from Devin Senior and blowing raspberries into his stomach. Him and his father were not dressed.
"Babe seriously, you need to get dressed." I told him.
"I will. Me and my little mans. Don't rush perfection." He said. "But I think that we should work on something else like joining as one for a quickie."
"His party starts in fifteen minutes. You never do quickies and you know nosy people come early." I said hearing a knock at the door.
I sighed giving Devin to his father and opened the door.
"You never lied baby. Nosy people do come early." Devin said seeing Kelsey and Erin at the door.
"Devin don't start with me today." Kelsey said to him.
"Yeah yeah. Just remember who's older. I call the shots." He told her puffing his chest out and smiling at her.
"Mmhm. Whatever. Give me my god child." She said reaching for Devin Junior.
"No. Me and my son are going upstairs to change right man?" He asked and they made they way upstairs.
"Where are the husbands and kids?" I asked Kelsey and Erin.
"They are still getting dressed we wanted to help."
"Or be nosy!" Devin shouted from upstairs causing me to laugh.
"Devin shut up!" Kelsey laughed.
"Get out! Me and my wife wanted to have sex before people came here." He told them.
"Y'all so nasty!" Kelsey said and I blushed lightly.
"I'm not playing with y'all. I need to go and pump." I told them touching my breast.
"I'll come watch." Erin said and I looked at him weirdly.
"No you won't!" Devin said coming back down stairs clad in a button down green shirt that matched the girls, myself and Devin juniors shirts and then khaki shorts that match Devin Junior and sneakers.
"I just want to look damn. Where the girls at?" Erin asked.
"Should be down here." I said and went to go get them.
"Hey girlies." I said and they looked at me. They are currently in their playroom.
"Hey Auntie." Mels said smiling up at me.
"You look cute." I said and she smiled.
Her and Cara had on white tutu skirts with green t shirts on that had Sip and See for little Dee on it in black. The back of all of our shirts said what we were to Devin. Cara and Melanie's both said Big Sister.
My tutu is black and my shirt is white with green writing and 'Mommy' written on the back.
"Thank you." She said as I fluffed out her skirt.