
Devin's POV
"My baby." Mama Carter yelled as they closed the shades to the room as they hooked Lauren up to multiple machines.
"My baby. My baby." She chanted and I hugged her. What else is there for me to do? Right now I'm weak.
I saw the fright in Caras eyes as she sat clueless to what was going on. I couldn't take my child looking so, so pitiful.
The shock of all that's just happen is weighting on me as I sat on one of the hospital chairs and before I knew it I was crying, balling my eyes out for this whole year. I've never been the emotional type of man, I come from the south where we are told to be strong and to be head of the house, and also to never let anyone see you break down but the stress filled year of Lauren and I's marriage, Melanie being taken away, Cara feeling the pain and loneliness of that. I cried for my child, I cried for my wife.
How could I, as a man allow this to happen? The one thing that I am supposed to do is protect my family, and yet My wife is inside a room, while doctors try and bring her back to life and as they beat on my child, my seed, the first of them that I ever seen to be born also fighting for its life. The baby looked almost gray and what could I do? Nothing.
My heart is heavy, as I sit and contemplate what have I actually done? Lauren didn't want to get pregnant right away, she said that. Melanie, she didn't want to leave but it was out of my and her hands and Cara my baby Cara she just suffered watching all of these things happen. I damn there pushed my wife to get pregnant thinking everything would be okay and now her, and my child aren't here.
I can not lose Lauren. That's my life and my love. I can't just lose her. What would I be without her? How could I move on? I couldn't and I wouldn't. No one, could ever amount to be half the woman Lauren is. She loved me, when I didn't even know what love itself was, she took in my children, and treated them as her own and she loved them. I remember the day I found out she was pregnant. I can't help but laugh at the memory.
"Baby." She called after me.
"Hmm?" I asked her with my eyes closed.
"Wake up baby" she said shaking me.
I groaned. "Baby I just came in. In the morning please?" I asked.
"No it can't wait." She giggled and I opened my eyes.
She's so beautiful, the way her hair flows in her face just a bit, and the way she bits her lip when she is thinking of telling me something. God she's just so gorgeous.
"What's up?" I asked her.
"Well. There is a few things that I need to tell you." She played with her fingers.
"And that is?" I asked her lifting her chin up and kissing her lips. "You taste different." I told her.
"What are you talking about?" She asked me.
"When I kissed you. You tasted different." I said to her and shrugged.
She giggle. "So you know how I taste?"
"Yes I know. I'm forever kissing you." I said.
"You're a weirdo." She laughed and I smiled.
"I'm your weirdo though." I shrugged
"That's right." She said kissing my lips and I kissed her back.
I slowly slid up her dress, working it up and caressing her skin. As I got all of our clothes off, and slid into her, we heard the door being opened.