
"Me too. Now I can't wait to meet the baby." She said
"We will. But uncle Dee Dee is no where to be found." I said making a face.
"Devin came down to the office and signed over as Melanie's legal guardian. He saw her. He just had to get Cara." Robin, Devin's colleague said.
I nodded. "Okay." I said. "Well we will wait for him to come back.
After a half hour of chatting it up with Melanie. I heard a knock on the door and we sat quiet as we saw Devin lead Cara into the room with his hands covering her face.
"Daddy what is it?" She giggled laughing.
"You'll see in a moment. You ready ?" He asked.
"I've been ready hurry I-I so anxious!"
"Okay. Surprise!" He said and dropped his hands from her face.
Melanie stood in front of Cara and Cara gasped and tightly hugged Melanie.
"Melly you back! You back." She chanted through her tears while her little hands still clutched onto Melanie.
"Yes Cara. I'm back. I kissed you so much." Melanie said to her as she whipped Cara's eyes a bit.
"I-I so happy. You back for forever?" She asked her.
"Mmhm. Forever." Melanie said smiling causing Cara to cry more as she laughed.
"My my sister I-is back!" She said causing me to tear up.
I watched as my girls interacted. The joy of Melanie being back mended a piece of us as a whole. Seeing Cara and Melanie hug and embrace like that nearly brought me to tears again. I know what it's like to have a sibling and love them as much as Melanie and Amore love each other and if something were to happen to anyone of my brothers and Kelsey, I don't know where or what I'd be. This right here, is love.
Now only one little thing is missing from our little Thomas clam right now and that's baby Thomas.
"Devin." I said.
"Yes." He asked coming toward me.
I kissed his lips passionately. Something I haven't done in such a long time and told him. "I'm ready to see the baby."
He nodded. "I'll have the Neonatal Nurse bring him or her." He said and I nodded.
"Yall ready to see the baby?" I asked and they both nodded.
Devin grabbed them both up and took them with him. That way, they could bond with him or her before Devin and I do so we could be interruption free. I'm finally starting to get my family back.
A/N
45 comments.