
You ever want to choke the shit out of someone? Like really choke em and make sure that they know you don't want to be or like to be bothered?
That is me right now. It's like any and every little thing is annoying the hell out of me!
"Mrs. Thomas!" Devin said coming down the stairs.
I rolled my eyes and checked the food I was cooking.
Devin and I are back on a better note and he has been annoying the hell out of me! He had been working a lot but when he's home, lord when the man is home! He is always wanting to be up under me and honestly it's the most annoying thing on earth. It's been two months since our wedding anniversary and next week I'll be returning back to work. He hates the fact that I'm going back to work but my son is almost nine months and I've just been working from home. It's time for me to go back.
"Baby! I know you heard me calling you." He said coming up to me and slapping my behind.
"Devin have you ever thought that I'm ignoring you?" I asked him.
"Why would you do something like that baby?" He asked kissing my neck.
I looked at him and shook my head.
"Hey y'all stop running down the steps!" I said raising my voice.
"Sorry Mommy!" The girls said in unison.
Melanie, Devin and I sat down and had a chat about her calling me mommy. At first, she thought I didn't like her calling me that but I'm totally fine with it as long as she remembers who her mother is. That's a woman I never want to or could take the place of.
"Mommy can I have a snack?" Melanie said and I nodded my head getting a nutri grain bar for her.
"I don't want that." She said and I reached back in putting it back getting her a natures valley granola bar and she made a face.
"Can I have ice cream?" she asked.
"Since when do you ever have Ice Cream this early Melanie?"
"Well Daddy-" she started and I looked at Devin.
Yes, Devin is allowing her to call him daddy after a few kids and their parents commented on the fact that she calls me Mommy and Devin, my husband her uncle.
"Daddy nothing." Devin said shaking his head.
"You can have a piece of fruit or the bars. Which would you rather?" I asked her.
"Did you get Pineapples!" She asked and I took out one of the containers I put the kids different snacks in for them to just grab and go and gave one to her along with napkins.
I went back to cooking, for some reason I feel like a damn maid and milk woman. No appreciation is given to me for all that I do. Not even a thank you. Even the girls now just get what they went and go about their business.
"Baby." Devin said kissing my shoulder and I sighed.
"yes?" I asked.
"What's wrong babes?" He asked me.
"I'm irritated." I said honestly.
"Why?" He asked.
I sighed. "To be honest I'm feeling under appreciated."
"Why you feel like that?" He asked.
"The girls, you." I said putting down the rag I used to wipe the counters down.
"What we do?" He asked clueless and I turned towards him.