
"Family of Lauren Carter- Thomas." The woman called out and I rushed towards her.
"Yes family of Lauren Thomas." I said.
"Hello Sir. Who are you to the patient?" She asked.
"I'm her husband. Devin Thomas." I told her eagerly.
"Okay. Well can you come inside of a back room with me please. The doctor would life got you to come talk in a private setting. " She asked.
I nodded. "Yes. Yes we can." I said and grabbed my sweater.
I followed her into the one of the rooms deciding to take Mr. and Mrs Carter in the back with me.
"I'm so nervous." Mama C said as the door closed and the nurse left us alone in the room to wait for the doctor.
"All we can do is pray. Lau is a very strong girl. We have to believe that she is going to make it through." Mister C said and I couldn't help but agree.
Mama Carter bowed her head and began to pray and silently weep. Seeing mister Carter break down, was one thing I had never seen.
"I'm sorry. Im a little nervous to. That's my baby girl. My only baby girl." He said getting a little chocked up.
The more minutes we sat into the office waiting for the doctors to tell us some type of news the more thoughts of something going wrong went through all of our heads.
My life would be over if my wife were to die or be hurt in anyways. That's my everything. My heart, my soul, my best friend and my other half. She's my joy. How could I live a life without joy? The one thing my heart beats for, the one person who somehow just by smiling makes me feel like everything will be okay. Life without her would not simply be life anymore.
Life would lose its meaning.
The doctor knocked at the door signaling that he or she would be coming inside.
"Good Evening. I am doctor Smith." She said entering the door and shaking our hands. "you all are here in regards to Lauren correct?" She said
"Yes." I answered immediately.
She nodded. "Well I have news." She said
"Lauren had Excessive uterine bleeding after delivery or what's known as post hemorrhage. For a vaginal birth, the loss of more than one pint of blood immediately after birth is considered excessive. Your wife lost approximately two and a half pints of blood immediately after her birth vaginally. " she informed and Mama C began to sob.
"That's the normal amount for a C-Section so that obviously is not good news. Blood is typically lost because some blood vessels are opened when the placenta detaches from the uterus. " she explained. "We were able to stabilize Mrs. Thomas." She said and I let go of a breath I didn't even know I was holding in.
"A blood transfusion needs to occur. She has lost a lot of blood." She said with a worried look on her face.
"I'm giving her blood." Mr. C said.
"Are you related to the patient?" She asked
"Yes I'm her father."
The doctor smiled. "Okay sir. We should get this done as soon as possible. She is still currently unconscious." She informed.
"So everything is fine? Once she gets the transfusion we will be okay?" Mama Carter asked.
"Yes ma'am. Everything will be fine. One thing I want to highlight on is because of the Lauren's birthing experience, she may suffer from Postpartum Depression." She explained. "Daddy especially, let's try and focus on keeping her spirits up. This will occur with the two weeks." she explained.