
Me Devin's POV
I left out of the house, deciding to get a few things for tonight. Tonight I have to come clean and alps be completely honest with my wife. It's a hard thing for me to do, not to be honest but to be raw and show my feelings. I was brought up by a strict father who served as a Sargent and drilled in me than crying and sharing feelings was weak.
Growing up I was abused with words. Called so many slurs for wanting to do stuff that wasn't in my fathers book manly I didn't want to be on ROTC, I didn't want to play football or basketball much. All I wanted to do was study. Study law and because of my father I had to hide my passion for standing up for people and I had to be the jock and put what I felt was right to the side.
My cousin, told me to wait to talk to my wife. It would be best and of course him being a relationship counselor he would know what's right. I didn't tell him the situation or anything, and he still have me advice on what to do.
I brought dessert and food to cook.
"What you doing?" Lauren asked me as she peeped at me from the entrance corner of the kitchen.
"Making dinner for you and I."
"What you making?"
I smirked. "Food. If you want to, you can go and uh take a bath or something. I should be done in no time." I told her.
"I can help if you'd like?"
"No baby. Go ahead." I nodded.
"Alright." She said lowly and went upstairs.
I put the stuffed lobster tail and shrimp into the oven and took the steaks off the fire.
I decided that I would make up the table, and put a few candles on it. This isn't only to get her relaxed, but also apart of my apology.
After I was done with all the food, and setting up the table I plated it all and went upstairs to freshen up.
I quickly stripped and got into the shower. I hope that this goes well because I'm honestly tired of fighting with my wife.
Lauren's POV
After I took my nap, I heard some ruckus downstairs and decided to check it out only to find that it was Devin. He seemed to be cooking. Being that I think he is and was upset with me I remained timid.
"Babe!" He called out.
"Yes?" I asked seeing him come out of the bathroom.
"Good you're getting dressed." He said as he saw me put on a pair of underwear on.
I nodded and sighed. "Babe are you mad at me?"
"No." He said drying himself off. "Why would I be mad at you? Are you mad at me?" He asked and I shook my head.
"Im not mad I just wish I would have known you didn't want more kids. Everything could have been worked out but you didn't tell me ahead of time." I said.
"Let's talk about it when we get downstairs." He told me and I nodded.
I got dressed nervous to see what he was going to say. It pains me to know that he doesn't want more children especially because I only got to have one. One child and I want more. Don't get me wrong, I see Cara and Melanie as my own but I would like to simply have more Children and to know that my husband doesn't, sucks. I came from a huge family so naturally I would want a big family. I'm not saying I want to have four more kids but one more wouldn't hurt.
Then it's the fact that I know absolutely nothing about the woman Tanya or whatever her name is woman and the fact that he never said anything and is telling me she is not important raises my suspicions a bit. I hate the fact that I'm letting this woman, who I don't know have an effect on my relationship with my husband of all people.