
They both nodded.
"If you two break the rules, that both mommy and I made its gonna be a big problem."I warned sternly.
"Yes sir." Melanie said as Cara nodded.
"Good. Now come downstairs with me and let's get to cleaning." I said and they both put their doll heads down to follow me.
"Ladies first." I said and they both giggled getting in front of me.
I smiled and walked behind the girls as they went downstairs.
For me, these past two months have been good. Lauren, myself and the kids are starting to get into a good flow of how things go and should go. I feel so much better since I was able to talk to my wife about how I feel and what's really going on. She seemed to understand it, and of course she is very supportive.
I have to find ways to do the same thing so that she knows she's loved and appreciated. I don't want her to feel like she felt this morning because we all appreciate her and every little thing that she does.
I heard the baby's cries so I went upstairs and when he saw me he stopped.
I smiled down into his crib and picked him up. "What's up big man?" I said placing him on his back on the changing table.
"You did number one or number two?"I asked
"Number two I see." I said after sniffing him.
He blew bubbles and smiled showing his two teeth off.
"Dang boy, you just passing that much gas?" I said seeing his pamper was only wet.
I changed him while saying the ABC's.
"Alright man! All good now. You hungry?" I said and as if he knew what I was saying he nodded his head.
I took him downstairs deciding he would have some mashed up bananas being that he doesn't drink milk out of the bottle unless he absolutely has to. Lauren has spoiled him so much but she said she would. This is her first time having a child as a baby so naturally this is what you do. I tried telling her that she was spoiling him but she told me not to worry.
"The baby!" Melanie said loudly.
"Yay the baby!" Cara said
I sat him in his walker and allowed him to walk around in that after he finished his bananas.
"Y'all have got to be quiet. Mommy a trying to sleep." I reminded and they nodded.
I sat down for a bit before deciding it was time to take the lasagna out of the oven. I went over to the oven and pulled the lasagna and garlic bread out of the oven.
I took the last few pieces of fried chicken out of the grease and grabbed the uptown mixture of iced tea and lemonade out of the refrigerator.
"Daddy." Cara said.
"Yes baby?" I asked her.
"I love you." She said and I smiled.
"I love you too. Give daddy kiss." I said and she came over to me kissing my cheek and hugging my neck.
"Daddy." Cara said again.
"What you need sweet pea?"
"W-well first. Mommy and you I don't want to be mad at me." She said.
"Cara we aren't mad just upset that when we ask for certain things from you and your sister, you don't always listen." I said.