
When I learned to love Amore, I in turn learned to love myself. The person I am and the man that I have molded into. I always had it in me to love people and it was just a matter of caring and loving myself. I always seemed so put together but in all actuality I wasn't and still I'm not. Parts of me are afraid, and as a grown man its weird but it's who I am and that, I am not ashamed of.
I've got to somehow be more open with my wife. It's hard for me, I've never seen men be emotional and fully show how they feel to their wives or anyone else. As a southern man, you're raised to suck it up and for long I've been doing that. I have to begin hearing and listening to what my wife wants and that, is to express how I feel completely to her.
Lauren's POV
I left the house more than pissed and I went to the one person I know could help me. My father. My father is one of the most important men in my life and I asked him to sneak away and bring Devin with him so we could talk. This week I am supposed to just relax, before I go back to work and before Devin and I's trip.
"Hey daddy." I said meeting him at my mommy'a restaurant.
"Hey baby girl." He said as I reached to hug him.
I hugged my daddy and he gave me a bug hug holding me tightly. It felt like he knew exactly how I felt and exactly how to make me feel better. I couldn't help but to cry.
I cried because I am so angry and frustrated and confused. This whole situation just hurts my soul and I need to get it together. I just had a baby almost a year ago, and now my husband is telling me he wants no more. How am I supposed to feel about that when we had countless conversations about the whole situation.
"Have a seat baby." My daddy told me and I grabbed Little Devin and sat down. It felt so good to have my baby boy in my arms again. I missed him so much and by his baby blabbering and smile on his face, I could tell he missed mama too.
"What's going on Joy?" My daddy asked after I played with Devin for a few minutes.
"Daddy I feel overwhelmed. " I sighed.
"By what baby girl?" He asked.
"Devin. We were about to get intimate and we sort of fell into the fact that he doesn't want anymore children." I said and he nodded.
"How do you feel about that lau?"
"I'm angry daddy because we talked about it, a lot. I was supposed to name my next child after you daddy and now because of my husband I won't be having anymore."
"Is that all?" He asked.
"No." I said and sighed. "It's a woman daddy."
"A woman? Who?" He asked.
"Some woman who apparently Devin was so in love with, he didn't tell me l, the mother of his child, the woman who's supposed to be his life partner." I said.
"Maybe she doesn't mean much to him. Maybe he doesn't want to look at the past. Has he ever asked about your ex's?" He asked.
"No but daddy-"
"No but daddy nothing. You and Devin need to talk it out. Lauren you are married now, when things get tough or you get upset walking away is no longer the issue. If this is the man you want to spend forever with, you're gonna have to talk to him. Communicate and hear him out. Stop jumping to conclusions and thinking that everyone is gonna hurt you. Marriage is not easy and it's harder when you have jobs and responsibilities." He told me and I nodded.
"Yes sir." I said.