
Please Please Read Authors Note
"Hey girlies." I said coming into the house. They had stayed the night by my momma.
"Hey mommy." Cara said hugging me.
"Hey boo. How did you sleep?" I asked her
"Good. I got to sleep in grandma and grandpas bed." She smiled brightly.
"Yeah, and now grandpas paying for that." My father said rubbing his neck as I kissed his cheek.
"Hey baby girl. Did you know that Cara sleeps so wild?" He asked me.
"I did and that's why she can't sleep between Devin and I." I laughed and he sighed.
"Those big pretty eyes had he fooled." He said and ticketed her and I smiled.
My daddy loves beings grandpa. He's so hands on with all of the kids especially the girls. Him and my mom both because they know it's hard juggling three kids and giving all of your attention to them all.
"Remember when Lauren's used to fool you?" My mom butted in. "Oh I forgot the still do." She laughed and I smiled.
"That's not true. I don't let Joy get over." He said
"Oh she knows how to work you. If she asked you for a pony you'd give it to her." My mom stated
He shrugged. "She's my baby girl. Why wouldn't I? Joy you want a pony? " he asked and i laughed.
"No but it is something I would like from you daddy and mommy both. We will talk later bout that though." I said
"Okay." My mom said and gave me a look. I just smiled at her inquisitive self.
"Alright girls come on." I said grabbing them up.
"What? You guys not gonna stay for a while?" My mom asked.
"You'll see us in a few. I have to get them dressed because Jacob has photographers coming to take pictures of the kids."
"Alright sweetie. See you later!" She yelled and I waved back to her.
We left the house and made our ways to our home. We all got dressed in the same color being 'that' family.
"Cara!" I yelled tripping over one of her shoes.
"Yes mommy." She said.
"Lonny almost broke her neck tripping over your shoes. Please get them up." I said.
"yes ma'am. Sorry." She said and grabbed her shoes running back upstairs.
"And please stop running in the house!" I yelled and I heard her stomping grow lighter.
I sighed and went into the kitchen where Devin was feeding the baby mashed up bananas. The only food he would eat at all. All he wanted was breast milk and rarely even ate the bananas.
He began his baby blabber and I sighed knowing I would have to feed him.
"Stop stressing babe." Devin said kissing my temple.
"I'll try. I'm just ready for this to be over." I said.
"Why you so stressed babe. Everything looks great. You look sexy in your little tutu." He said and smirked.
I smiled lightly. "I don't like too much excitement. Devin is still a baby and I know he doesn't do well with all of this:" I explained and he nodded.
"Well when we chose Jacob and Erin as his god fathers we should have known it would be lots of excitement." He laughed. "But calm down baby." He said and kissed my lips.