
"You faking baby boy?" I asked him and his pout got deeper causing me to giggle.
"Here mommy." Devin said and I grabbed the bottle.
"Did you test it?" I asked him and he nodded.
"Yeah it's warm." He said and I nodded putting it in Devin's mouth.
Devin began to drink it but then began to cry and tap on my chest with his hand causing me to sigh.
"He's already a picky eater." I grumbled and big Devin laughed.
"He likes fresh milk." He said and I nodded.
"Him so spoiled." I cooed. "And him so cute. Mommy little baby man." I said and kissed on his cheeks.
"So what happened at the doctor today?" Devin asked me.
Devin Junior 6 month check up was supposed to be today.
"It got canceled. The doctor we usually see was out sick." I said and continued to feed Devin.
"So when is his appointment? I want to see if I could get out of work."
"Say it's tomorrow daddy." I said to Devin and he looked up at me and went back to eating.
"I'm off so I'll be tagging along." He said and I nodded.
After I finished feeding Devin and burping him I got him washed up and in bed. Now he sleeps well through most of the night, getting up for feedings depending on how much he ate throughout the day. He still doesn't have a lot of milk and the last check up the doctor said he was fine.
I set up dinner and took a shower. I got dressed in a gold sequins dress and black heels to match with Ruffian Red lipstick by Mac on, over it I put on the gloss to match and walked downstairs after checking on junior again.
When I got downstairs Devin was already so there.
"You look beautiful babe." He said and I said a quiet thank you before we headed to the dining room.
Devin's POV
I sighed going into the Dining Room with Lauren. I know I pissed her off with all the lets have sex talk but to be honest, it's been a while. A long while and it's hard going from getting it from your wife everyday to not getting it at all. It doesn't at all excuse my actions of making her feel bad because I know she tries.
Other than that aspect of our relationship, everything is great. We're slowly but surely getting into the swing of having three children. Little Devin, that's my man and it was definitely time to get some testosterone in the household. Cara and Melanie sometimes bicker over who will hold the baby first and who's the better big sister, but it's safe to say they love being with their little brother.
I grabbed Laurens chair pulling it out for her and she sat down and said thank you. Dinner was relatively quiet and that racked my nerve to the fullest.
"Baby." I said touching her hand as she played with the baked potato she barely ate.
"Hmm?" She hummed and looked up at me.
"I'm sorry baby." I told her and she looked away. "I know the whole sex thing was wrong being that had so much coming up all at once. I don't want it to be awkward between us especially since we have the girls gone and Devin is upstairs asleep. The air is thick and I just want to clear it." I told her and she nodded.
"Devin, you know I love you but honestly, when the time was here for us to finally have sex, I wasn't in the mood. It wasn't because of you or anything. It was because honestly I'm tired. I've got work, school now and the kids. It's a lot and half the time I was exhausted. We are finally getting into the flow of things and sex I'm sorry, isn't the first thing on my mind." She explained and I nodded.