
"Girls people are starting to come in." I told them and began to fix Cara's skirt.
"Can we have our cousins in the play room?" Cars asked and I looked at her.
"That's fine but only and I mean only if they leave their shoes outside and no food or drinks come into this room Cara Amore." I said sternly.
"Yes." She said timidly and I nodded.
"Good baby." I said.
"Jonah and Kyle coming." She smiled and I nodded.
"I know. I wanted you to have your company." I told her as I fixed her show laces.
I forgot to tell Devin about the two little boys coming. Devin hates the fact that they come around so frequently. No one and I mean no one is allowed around his baby girls.
"Lauren!" Devin called from downstairs and I got off of my knees and grabbed up both girls heading downstairs.
When I got downstairs I noticed a lot of our family had already came inside. I didn't expect to see so many people already here.
"Aw look at yall so corny and matching." My brother said kissing my forehead
"Don't hate James. Our family too fly." I said and he laughed.
I had walked around for most of the night checking on my guests and making sure they were all straight.
"Family picture." The photographer said and I got the girls and Devin held Dj for the picture. I love the fact that I now have a family and I wouldn't tear it for the world. So much stuff could have happened while i was giving birth and I am so grateful for the fact that I am a mommy, and a wife and I get to witness my family grow and be happy.
A/N
So today for the first time it was brought to my attention that some people might have mistaken me for someone else, and the person was very offended by it. I want to make it clear that by no means I aspire to be anyone but myself in a grater form and fashion. I also gain nothing from wattpad but perfecting my craft.
My message is to inspire Beautiful Curvy Women and also women who have been through certain situations in their lives. I want you all to know that you are beautiful and more than worthy of your stories being told and with everything that I put out into the universe is targeted to do so. I however don't want anyone to feel as though I'm taking away from their 'brand' or in anyway trying to make a mockery of their image.
35 comments for next update.
Dream 👸🏾