
"Yall ain't had sex since before the baby! Oh bitch fix it!" He said.
"I've been busy and-"
"No no no you're never too busy for your man. You give that man some." He told me and I sighed.
"Damn it Erin listen please?"
"Alright."
"I've been doing everything that I could blow jobs, hand jobs everything, and he just wants vaginal sex. I wasn't able to do it because my doctor told me to refrain from sex longer. Today, he's like sex sex sex and it's nerve racking." I said.
"Baby girl he is a man. A heterosexual man he is going to want sex. You better be glad that he wants to jump your bones because baby somebodies husband doesn't want to. Have a conversation with your husband about how you feel and he feels and try to come to a happy medium." He instructed.
"Thanks Doctor Noble." I laughed.
"You're welcome boo. Now gon and fix it with your man. I better see a happy couple when I get to your house tomorrow morning you hear?" He asked and I said yes and we hung up.
When Devin asked like that, it makes me feel like a bad wife because I can't give him what he wants. I feel so disrespected by that but I guess it's better that he tells me how he feels, as opposed to him finding other company and him telling her how he feels.
"Baby." Devin said coming into the kitchen and I sighed going to our bedroom.
I grabbed the baby monitor and carried it back to the kitchen where I began to make dinner.
"Baby." Devin said hugging me from behind.
"I'm sorry Devin. I'm sorry that I can no longer satisfy your needs but I'm trying. At least give me that." I said trying to keep the tears from flooding over the brims of my eyes.
"Pooh I'm sorry, it's been a minute and I'm being selfish." He said massaging my arms.
I shrugged him off and moved over to the stove emptying my chopping board.
"Bae." He chanted about five times.
"You're annoying me. Quit." I told him
He sighed and the baby monitor went off. "I'll go get little man." He said and I didn't respond.
I grabbed the bag of shrimp out of the refrigerator, and cleaned them off. I had butterflied them and peeled them last night. I grabbed the steaks I seasoned and some potatoes and prepped them to be baked.
Devin came into the kitchen with the baby, and sat at the counter playing with him.
"Hey baby boy." Devin spoke to Little Devin. "Tell mommy you hungry hmm?" He asked him and I turned around watching as little Devin played with his daddy's cheeks biting them a bit. When he turned around noticing me he made noises indicating he wanted him mommy.
"You don't want to sit with your daddy hmm?" Daddy asked trying to continue his peek a boo session with little D as I washed my hands.
Devin Junior wasn't hearing it and turned his face up.
"He's so mean." Devin told me.
"No my baby is not." I said as I dried my hands off.
I grabbed him up and he went straight for my breast. "He's hungry." I said and grabbed a bottle from the refrigerator.
"Daddy warm this up a little bit." I told Devin as he grabbed the bottle from my hand.
Devin Junior began to whine and I kissed up on his cheeks causing him to smile and then pout.