
"Hello." He said answering his phone.
"'Morning J!" I said.
"Oh you happy."
"As always. What time will you be at my house?"
"In an hour why?"
"Because we are heading out. You have your key?"
"Yeah. Where yall going?"
"The baby has a doctors appointment."
"Okay, well make sure you're at the house in two hours or less. The photographer wants to come early and take pictures of Devin."
"Photographer?" I asked him.
"Yes. I had to set my god baby up nice." He said and I rolled my eyes.
"I told you no-" I started.
"I know what you told me but as god daddy I can do what I please."
"No as God daddy you're supposed to go along with what the parent, me says."
"Well I didn't and the baby is gonna look cute so hush."
"Bye Jacob."
"Bye Lau. Be there in a few." He said and we ended the call.
I went in my bedroom deciding to get dressed to let the baby sleep some more.
"Where is Dwayne?" Devin asked me coming in with a towel wrapped around his torso.
Dwayne is Devin Senior mad and juniors middle name. We haven't come up with a good nick name for him yet so for now we are sticking to that.
Devin came behind me and kissed on my neck a little and i almost lost all the little bit of control I had. My husband is certainly good looking.
"Baby." He said. I guess picking up on the fact that I was too busy being intoxicated with him to answer the question.
"He's asleep." I said biting my lip.
He nodded smirking. "Oh okay. I changed the appointment to 11 because we not gonna make it." He said and I nodded.
"I hope they have our block clear because we need to be in and out."
"You know Devin has to get shots today right?"
"I hate this."
"He got to get them. "
"I know but they gon hurt my baby." I pouted.
"It won't be that bad. Promise."
"okay but you're holding him." I said.
He laughed. "Yes because every time he sees you he wants to eat."
"That's not true."
"Sure it isn't." He laughed and I went to my closet picking out light washed jeans, a white shirt and cheetah print heels. I grabbed my jean shirt because it's a bit nippy and got dressed inside my closet because my husband is looking to good and even if I wanted to,I wouldn't be able to resist him.
"You always try a copy my style woman." Devin said when I came out.
"Nah. That's you." I laughed seeing him in an all Jean outfit and high top black sneakers.
"Would it be super corny if we dressed Devin like us?" He asked and I nodded.
"Yup." I said and he laughed.