
Every since I've had Devin I feel different. Like I've changed since I've had him and even since I've gotten married. Don't get me wrong, I love my son but sometimes I feel lost. Like I don't have freedom and like I'm not the strong woman I once was and that eats me alive.
I sometimes feel like my husband doesn't see me as the woman I once was and then I begin to look, look at all of the things I had done and think about how I got here. How did I become basically a stay at home mom? My husband doesn't want me to ever return to work and neither do I quite frankly because I enjoy being there for my kids but I fear that with not going back to work, I'll lose the little bit of respect that my husband has for me.
I slightly shook my head trying to rid my mind of all the thoughts I was having. I can never ever tell Devin how I feel. We have a great relationship but I sometimes find myself not wanting to tell him certain things. Like I don't want to be a burden in ways. I haven't always felt like this, I used to feel good about telling Devin things and confident too. Where the hell did I go wrong?
"Lauren." Devin said seeing that I was spaced out.
"Y-yeah?" I asked.
"You crying?" He asked me looking from me to the road.
"No. I'm fine." I said shifting in my seat a bit.
"Baby I-"
"Devin I'm fine." I said with base in my voice.
This wasn't something that I wanted to discuss. For fear that he would get upset with me, for fear that he will actually see that I'm sad and upset. For fear that he will see that there is something wrong with me.
"Baby you're not fine. I'm sorry okay? I didn't mean it. It's just that as of late you haven't been the same." He explained.
"As of late a lot of things haven't been the same. We aren't where we used to be and I get it and I am sorry." I said.
It's true, our sex life is okay now yes, but Devin's work has gotten more strenuous and late and I knew marrying a lawyer especially a prominent one running to be the mayor and soon enough the governor wouldn't be an easy thing to deal with, I wasn't expecting it to be this hard.
The late nights I understood and the early morning too. I just didn't think everyone would have a piece of my husband. A big piece and it felt like my piece wasn't enough anymore.
In ways I feel like it's so much going on that I've just become a stepping block or a door mat. Stepping over or on me, wiping your feet with me and that I hated. On top of dealing with my own problems I had, I had another set that stemmed from my husband and not my independence and me truly finding myself as a woman.
"What are you talking about?" He asked me.
"Nothing. Let's just go please. Get the night over with." I said not really wanting to get into how I felt.
When ever I think about all that's going on I find myself depressed and hurting. I'm never one for being emotional but lately that's all I am.
"Baby. We not moving from here until you talk to me." he said.
"I told you I don't want to talk." I yelled.
"You don't have a choice T-Lauren!" He told me.
"What did you just almost call me?" I asked him.
"Baby" he calmed down.
"No! No!" I said with tears coming down my face.