
After we had finished taking pictures with our family, the party began and the dj played music everyone ate and drank having a good time.
"Lauren." Devin called to me and I looked over at him. We currently were all mingling around in the crowd.
"Yes babe?" I asked and he sat me down in a seat. I looked at him strangely and he grabbed the microphone.
"Hey everybody." He said through the mic. "Well for one, on behalf of my wife and our family I would like to say thank you all for coming and celebrating the birth of our son. Devin Dwayne Thomas Junior. I would like to thank our families personally, because you know this pregnancy was not easy in the least and when things got really bad, you all were phone calls away and I'm forever grateful for that.
"And to the person who stole my heart years ago when I didn't even know I had one, Joy. Thank you so much baby for bringing my son into this world and for risking your own self for him. I am forever grateful to have you as the mother of my three children and also as my wife. So with that being said, I would like to present you with my thank you gift." He said and got on his knee.
Everybody whooped and hollered and he put the mic down turning it off to speak to me personally.
"Baby thank you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart I know it wasn't easy, and for that I am forever grateful thank you for being my love and my wife and my entire life. It's not words that can descibe all that I feel, or anything else but I did wanted to give you something, something that in a way represented us and something that you can wear each and everyday." He said and opened up the box. I was stunned looking at the ring. It's so beautiful. The beautiful rose gold diamond ring that graced my finger once he pulled it out and placed it on my hand that just held my wedding band was perfect.
"Thank you baby." I said after kissing his lips.
"You're welcome. I know you were upset when you lost your ring while you were giving birth but guess what?" He asked
"What?"
"You got a better one." He said and popped my tshirt.
I laughed and kissed him. "Yeah but I wish I could find the other. It's still special to me." I said and he nodded.
"Well we are still looking but I wanted to give you an upgrade." He said and I laughed as he tried to sing that Beyoncé song.
"Oh baby look at this !" Erin told Jeremy and I laughed at Jeremy's facial expressions.
"Mommy. Daddy." I said grabbing them up before they were about to leave.
"What's up princess?" My daddy asked me.
"I need to talk to y'all. You forgot?" I asked.
"Yes but what's going on? What do you need?" My mother asked me.
"So I want to do something special with just Devin and I. A mini vacation being that Little Devin isn't really old enough and-"
"How long Lauren?" My mom asked.
"Two days." I said
"That's not vacation baby girl." My father told me.
"It's a weekend getaway." I rephrased.
"How about four days." My mama asked.
"You don't think-"
"We raised you. We know what we doing Lauren." My mother told me.
I sighed. "Alright. So you'll watch the kids?" I asked.