
"You okay?" She asked me and I nodded
"Yes I'm fine. Nervous but fine." I told her and she nodded I could see the tears building up in her eyes as we finally got to the hospital.
Once we got inside of our private room I watched as she groaned and held her stomach as she laid in the bed. Her contractions are still far apart.
"Hello Mrs. Thomas, Mr. Thomas." The doctor said and I smiled eagerly waiting for her to give us a status update and waving.
"Hello." Lauren said with a slight smile as her forehead glistened.
"Well Mrs. Thomas I have some news that you may not be happy about." She said.
"Oh no, what is it?" Joy asked
"You're in early labor honey." She told us. "Which means that although like you said, your mucus plug came out and you were experiencing contractions, they are no where near as close as they need to be to have this baby." She told her
"How long?" Lauren asked her slightly whining.
"It can be hours or days, at the rate you're going you'll be hear for another day and a half in labor." She explained.
I nodded. "What can we do to speed this up?" Joy asked as another contraction hit.
"We can have you walking the wing for a few." She told me and She nodded letting go of the breathe she was holding and the vice grip on my hand
"I'd like that, but right now I'm tired." She told her and she nodded.
"In about an hour or two I will have your nurse come back and you'll be able to walk okay?" She asked.
"Yes ma'am. Thank you." Lau said and she excused herself.
"You alright beautiful?" I  asked me touching her hair.
"Yes baby. I'm fine just sleepy. Tell mommy she can head home with cara please." She said and i nodded.
I went into the hallway, where everyone was siting immediately everyone stood.
"What's happening?" My mother an slaw asked.
"Lauren is no where near ready yet. Mama shed like to have you carry cara home. But first Cara come say bye to mommy." I told her.
"Okay." She said and hopped off of the chair.
"You've got to be really careful with mama. She ain't feeling good okay?" I said to her and she nodded.
"I-I thought baby wasn't supposed to hurt?" Cara said.
"When you're older we will talk okay?" I said and she nodded.
I'm glad it's late and she isn't feeling too inquisitive at the moment. She would have never stopped asking questions.
As we walked back into the room, we saw Lauren laying down breathing in and out easily. You could tell the contraction hit her by how her breathing changed.
"Hey mommy" cara said.
"Hey baby." Lauren said leaning up and kissing her cheek.
"You have my brother or sister today?" She asked and I watched on as the two interacted. Lauren shook my head.
"No. The baby wants to stay." I said interjecting and she laughed.