
Devin's POV
I sighed seeing Lauren walk pass me, we haven't spoken words about anything besides the kids in the last week and a half. She's been avoiding it telling me she needed time to think about what's going on but honestly, I am not feeling this.
Not speaking to my wife is hard and I hate to do it. Who likes to not speak to their wife? I want to hold her and kiss her and this punishment sucks. Especially because she won't give me the time of day to explain stuff toHer.
"Baby." I said trying to catch ahold of my wife's arm.
I have been trying to get her attention by annoying her all day.
"No Devin. No!" She said screaming at me. "You have been super secretive and now you're telling me you don't want anymore children! How do you think I feel hmm? My husband is telling me he wants no more children after we had one child."
Thank goodness the kids are gone to their grandmas for the week because if not, this yelling wouldn't be okay at all.
"Sweetheart we have three children why do we need more?" I asked her.
"Because I never agreed to that! You never said that you didn't want any more kids. You didn't tell me about your ex or anything. You keep secrets and I keep none. As a matter of fact, I don't have a life outside of you and our children! You do."
"Lauren calm down baby. Please. Let me talk."
"I came from a huge family I've always wanted to have a big house and a lot of kids and I am an willing and able woman. I always said that I wanted to have children, multiple. Do you think that I would have married you if you told me that you wanted only one child?" She asked me and I was stunned.
Before I could fully process what she said to me she left out the front door and I sighed banging my head on the head board.
All of what she felt I can admit was on account of me. Tristian was someone I dated before Lauren. She broke me. She was the woman who I thought was in love with at first when I came here to Texas and she was a woman that kept a lot of male company and without my knowing.
The first night I noticed her having the attention of a lot of men was when I was staying with a friend when he told me his girl would be coming by, and Tristan was that girl. I had told her I loved her and at one point, and that I felt betrayed. I didn't leave her though she told me she loved me and at that time I was emotionally connected to her, and was afraid of losing anything.
My last straw with her was when she came home one afternoon and slept almost the whole night and next morning. A pharmacy called and said her medicine was ready. Medicine she used to help her heal from an abortion. When I confronted her about it, she said that I shouldn't be worried because more than likely it wasn't mine.
As a real young dude, I asked her about all the love stuff, trying to figure out if it mattered and she laughed at me. She had everyone thinking I was a fool a damn dummy. My boys made fun of me, and people in my practice had no respect for me, Te experience with her taught me that what I thought was love wasn't and that in fact it wasn't real. We worked together, I with a lower rank than her had to keep it professional because I knew I worked my ass off to work for such a firm as I do.
That experience turned me cold and I went back to my insecure young boy ways. My friends told me she was a toxic drug, keeping me away from finding my true happiness. Her and I both got promotions for the same position when I was going to Atlanta. That's where she resides now and even the day we flew out we kept it professional, my heart and mind was somewhere else on finding and fighting for my joy.