
"It look fun." Cara said and grinned and Lauren shook her head
She went with Lauren to a doctors appointment and of course the baby was moving around and sucking it's thumb so now she's always saying how fun it must be.
"It's not fun for mummy right now." Lau said eating an ice chip
"You hurt?" She asked touching her hand and Lau nodded
"Yes but mommy will be okay. You go home with Grandma." She instructed grabbing her hand. I hope she don't brake the baby hand.
"I see when baby born?" She asked.
"Yeah baby." Lau told her and she nodded. "Love you baby."
"Okay mommy. Love you too " She said and kissed her cheek and then belly before I  took her out.
"Daddy mommy gonna be okay?" She suddenly asked as we walked back towards the waiting room
"Yes. Mommy is gonna be great." I said.
"Okay. I can't wait to meet the baby." She smiled and I smiled too.
"Me either baby. Me either."
After I was done making sure Cara was all straightened out I went back to Lauren's room
"Babe." She said looking up at me.
"Yes sweetie?" I asked asked.
"Can you lay with me?" She asked me meekly
"Sure." I said and laid down beside her smiling. It fees good to be in this space with her and to have this moment.
"What you thinking about?"she asked me.
"Aren't you supposed to be going crazy right now?" I asked.
She laughed. . "So they say but I'm keeping calm because this pregnancy hasn't been the healthiest and I don't want the baby to be in pain." she admired to me.
"Arg." She groaned  as the contraction hit.
"Breathe baby. Breathe." I told me as I held her hand.
The rest of the night consisted of that, it was constant back and forth from the hallways to the room.
"Alright mommy. It's time to start pushing." My doctor said coming inside.
I nodded happily as she prepped everything.
"Okay, so what you're gonna do is push when you feel the contractions. Grandma you can hold her leg and daddy you can hold her hand and leg." She instructed us all.
I am super excited to be having this baby.
She pushed about four times and the baby was still coming down.
"Come on. We see baby's head. Give me strong pushes." She encouraged.
She's so overwhelmed I can tell by her tears. She pushed out an okay and I whispered encouragingly in her ear.
"Beautiful mommy. Beautiful." She encouraged as I kissed her lips tenderly as she pushed to muffle the scream.
"Love, I know it hurts but when you scream you're only bringing the baby up further. You have to push down and when you scream your pushing up." She explained and lauren nodded
This is it, my baby is about to be born. I saidTo myself as Lauren pushed harder. As the baby came out I noticed it wasn't breathing.
"The baby isn't breathing." I said as the doctors rushed over to him and I held Lauren's hand.