
She shook her head and began to put me into a different position with me holding him in a traditional cradle feeding position and she told me to gently place his jaw towards my breast and sit forward and he latched on.
I sighed in relief happy that he had finally cooperated.
"He is a bit stubborn . Where he get that from?" Devin asked and I giggle looking away.
"I don't know but he looks just like his daddy." I said liking up at Devin and he smiled.
"He does doesn't he?" He asked playing in his hair and I nodded.
"He's so perfect." I said and Devin looked down at me before kissing my lips passionately.
"You're perfect. Thank you. Thank you for having Devin Dwayne Thomas Junior." He said and I smiled nodding.
"Our little family." I sighed and he nodded.
"All we need is a dog and we will be done."'he said and I laughed.
"Nice try Devin but no dog." I said and he sighed.
"It was worth a shot." He shrugged and then got a phone call.
Once he got off of the phone he told the girls it was time to go, and of course they weren't happy.
"bye Mommy." Cara said pouting.
"Oh bye baby. Stop all that pouting. You're gonna see me tomorrow." I said.
"Will I see Junior too?" She asked
"Yes he won't be going no where until it's time for us all to go home." I smiled and she nodded.
I said bye to both Melanie and Cara and Devin walked them downstairs.
I looked at my middle man as I fed him and he sat with his little eyes closed.
"Hey Baby. It's your mommy, Lauren. Well not Lauren to you but, I guess mommy. It's so weird to say it now that you aren't inside of my belly. I thought while you were inside of me you were one of the cutest little boys ever. I would talk to you all the time. Devin baby, I hope I can shield you from so much going on and I pray that your father and I can save you from the heartaches of this world. I hope that you grow up to be a great, strong, and successful black man. I hope that you chase your dreams and do everything you desire in this big world.
Mommy wants to also say sorry, sorry because I put you in danger for so long son, I didn't realize early on that one of the biggest blessings was inside of me until daddy made me take a test. Daddy is so funny and he looks just like you. I want you to know that mommy loves you forever little man."I told him as he held on still sucking.
"Mommy enjoys you're company. You such a good little baby." I said and kissed his little fingers.
I sat him up when he decided he had enough and I burped him. He stayed quiet for the most part but didn't like me really patting his back over my arm so I sat the burping cloth on my chest and patted his little back softly. He gave me a small burp, and Devin came back upstairs. Devin held him and talked with him. I sat back sighing. Today wasn't perfect by far, but the end result of having my baby boy, and him being as cute as a button is.
A/N
Baby Boy!!!!
I forgot to put the picture in the Multi Media, I'll add it later.
35 comments