
I nodded "what exactly can I do to prevent this?" I asked her.
"Be as supportive as possible. Help at late night feelings and take some slack for the first few weeks. A lot of times dads tend to mess up and hog the baby, don't do that. Give her bonding time with baby Carter but also give her time to heal her body will need to heal from this ordeal so she may feel uncomfortable in certain situations. Be alert to those things." She informed and I nodded.
"Thank you so much." I said.
She smiled. "You're Welcome. Sir, you can come and get prepped for blood to be drawn. If possible, can a sibling also donate blood?" She asked
"Yes. They'll be happy to." Mama Carter said on there behalf.
"Alright. Well let's go get him prepped and I'll send a nurse out to get one of the siblings." She said and we stood up.
I shook her hand and thanked her again.
I couldn't help but be super thankful that nothing is wrong with Lauren. I love my wife, and to even think of her not being okay, it just messes me up.
"I'm relieved." Mama Carter said and I nodded.
"Me too. Me too" I said and sighed.
I decided to call my mother and give her an update. For some reason after she left the first time, she didn't come back.
"Hello mama." I said
"Hey baby. How's everything going?" She asked.
I nodded. "It's great. The baby and Lauren are fine." I informed her.
"Thank god. I had all my sisters from the church lifting her up in prayer. I had to stop at the gas station but I am on my way baby." She informed me and we hung up.
"So what's happening?" Kelsey asked anxiously as she fiddled with her fingers.
I smiled. "Lauren bled out a lot but the doctors got it under control. She needs a blood transfusion." I informed.
"I'll give her blood!" James said.
"Good." Mama C nodded.
"The nurse should be out to get you in a bit. Thank you man." I said.
"No need to thank me man. That's my little sister. I love her, hell we all do." He admitted.
Soon, the nurse came to get him and they did the transfusion.
"Everything went well. We are just waiting for Lauren to wake." The doctor informed us and I nodded.
Lauren's POV
I yawned waking up feeling slightly in pain I groaned.
I looked to my left to see my mother holding my hand while she is asleep and to see my husband on my right siting up straight face timing someone.
"Cara I promise you when mommy wakes up I'll come and get you by right now, this hospital isn't a place for you to be." He said assertively.
"But daddy! I was to play with the baby and I need to see mommy. I can't sleep without her." She whined causing him to sigh.
"Alright. I'll send uncle Christian to come get you." He informed.
"Yay!" She yelled and thanked him.
I moved my arm because my eyes feel heavy and my mouth is dry as cotton. Luckily, it caught his attention and he came to me.