
"Devin. Move!" I giggled as he kissed into my neck numerous times.
"I love you baby." He said and I smiled kissing his lips.
"I love you too babe." I said and looked at the baby monitor.
"Your son." He groaned and I giggled.
"Our son. He's just in there talking away." I said listening to him do his baby babbling.
"Sweetheart." Devin said kissing me. "Hmm?" I asked him as he continued down my neck.
"You know the girls are with your mother right?" He asked and I nodded.
"They are."
"And Little D is still here. I called my mother and your mother and both of them said they'd be happy to watch him for us."
"No Devin."
He sighed. "Baby why?"
"Because I don't want to put him off on anybody else."
"It's not anybody else it's our parents."
"No Devin. He's not old enough to spend the nights other places."
He sucked his teeth. "We are never gonna have sex." He muttered and I through a pillow at him and left out the room.
It's been six months since I've had my little prince. He doesn't get out much because I feel as though being that he was born earlier than he was supposed to be, it's best if he stays inside our home. We go to church, doctors offices and occasionally, the grocery store. Only our close friends and family seen him but, that's okay because our sip and see is this weekend.
Devin Senior is annoying and plucking on my last nerve with all the sex talk. It's been sometime since we've had sex, but because of different procedures I had after and while I gave birth like an episiotomy, and doctors having to go back and get my placenta taken out because i had what's known as trapped placenta. I had to wait longer to have sex, and when we could have sex, last week all the kids got sick in the house putting a damper on our plans.
I have intentions to do something special with Devin this weekend, but the way he's acting is annoying me. I've honestly tried to keep him satisfied in other ways other than vaginal intercourse, but nothing seems to be working.
"Hello." I said answering my phone.
"What you up to boo!" Erin asked and I smiled.
"Nothing. About to start dinner. What's up with you?" I asked.
"Nothing, I'll be home tomorrow to see my nephew again. I can't wait." He said and I sighed.
"Yes Baby D." I chuckled.
"What's wrong?" He asked me with an attitude
"Nothing." I said easily lying.
"Hoe why you lying?" He asked.
"Because my husband doesn't want me to talk about our martial issues." I told him.
"Bitch I tell you everything. He ain't cheat did he!" He asked.
"No, Of course not. We are just having a rough time." I admitted finally.
"Spill it."
"We haven't had sex in forever." I admitted.
"Forever as in a week?" He asked.
"No stupid. Not everybody is you and J." I rolled my eyes. "It's been six months hell more." I told him.