
"I heard about Lauren and I just wanted to talk." She said placing her hand on my shoulder.
Recently, we've been discussing her possibly meeting Cara. It's all been Lauren doing the talking though. Taylor came begging for forgiveness from Lauren and Lauren being the nice woman she is, forgave her.
"It's nothing to talk about." I said and went on my phone ignoring her.
"I know you're angry. I can fix that." She said
"I'm angry with how you're coming at me. Leave please." I said with base in my voice.
"Look all I'm telling you is that I can take your mind off of it-" she started.
"Taylor please! My wife is fighting for her fucking life man. You don't give a shit about my daughter or even the woman that forgave you after you continuously disrespected her and our family. Leave now because you look like a cheap whore." I said lowly.
"Look I know you still want to work us out." She said.
"Still? Still man I never wanted to work things out with you. When have I ever given you the notion that I want anything to do with you huh? Never is the answer so I'm gon tell you again, leave. I don't love you, never will love you. You were a fling a one time meanness fuck." I sneered and she looked stunned.
She nodded. "I'm sorry." She said and left out of the hospital passing by me.
I shook my head and sat down to be patted on my shoulder it was Kelsey, Jacob and the rest of our family. I put my head down for them not to speak. At this moment I just really need to think.
Think about all that's going on and think about what may happen.
"Baby. There is risks to being over weight and pregnant. I'm worried." Lauren told me.
"You'll be fine." I assured her. She had gone on one of her Google frenzies.
Every since she's reached her six month mark, she's been googling when she can't sleep at night. It's so annoying but so cute.
"Baby! Baby look at this." She gasped I turned over and looked at her face as she had the laptop on her lap and a pint of ice cream in her left hand.
I shook my head and closed her laptop. "Enough of this woman."
"Hey." She pouted with a slight smirk on her face.
"Hey what? I don't need you worrying yourself. Everything is gonna be fine pooh." I told her.
"You sure?" She asked me.
"Yes ma'am. I'm sure." I said taking her glasses off of her face and kissing her mouth. "And you know why too." I said.
She smiled and nodded. "I know."
"I want to hear you say why." I said
"Because God got my back." She said.
"And what else babe?" I asked her and she thought about it and shrugged.
"Because Thomas's are strong." I told her.
She nodded. "You're right. I just get a little nervous. But it doesn't matter because I'm strong." She repeated and I nodded.
"Good. Now let's get some rest. Doctors appointment tomorrow. "I told her and she pulled the covers up over her and turned herself facing me.
"You took off?" She asked.