
They all nodded. "The baby is perfect." My mother said.
"You saw already?" I asked.
"Mmhm. Everyone saw the baby except Devin." My mother pointed out.
"Speaking of Devin where did he go?" I asked
"I'm not sure but he said he had to go pick up Cara. Shouldn't have taken him so long though." Daddy said.
I nodded and allowed them to keep me company. I really need time with my husband. Today was a trying day, and i still haven't seen the baby nor has he.
I began nodding off again, for some reason still really sleepy.
"We gonna go now." My mom said and as my mother left everyone said goodbye to me.
Once I was in the room by myself I sat back and watched television for a bit trying to wait on Devin and my nurse even came. As I began to nod off a knock sounded at the door.
"Come in." I said and in walked Taylor
I rolled my eyes. "Why are you here?" I asked her.
"I came to congratulate you." She said biting her lip.
"Look Taylor, I have no time for your shit." I said.
She nodded. "I know. I realize that Devin really loves you and wants nothing to do with me neither does cara. I saw her today." She said and I sat up in my bed.
"You spoke to my baby." I asked about to beat her ass.
"No. We were both in the lobby. She looked so sad. All she kept saying is that I want mommy to be okay and how much she loved her mother and it warmed my heart until I realized that she wasn't talking about me. I realize that she will never feel that way about me. God, she's so beautiful and so innocent and kind and sweet. And I will never have the impact on her that you do. When I saw her, I froze and I realize that I'm scared of being a mother." She said shaking her head. "This sounds so terrible but for the longest I just wanted Cara to get Devin and when I saw her, and that man said her name I didn't know what to do. I looked at her and she picked up my keys and put them in my hand and all I could do was run away from her." She sniffed.
"I'm so so sorry for all the trouble I caused you. You're an amazing woman and mother and I aspire to be like you one day. I just can't right now and not for cara. Especially after all the harm I caused her when she was a baby. I can't look into her pretty big eyes and give her half the love you give to her, simply because I don't have it. So this is my final goodbye. Take care of her Lauren. Please." She said as her mascara ran.
I didn't know what to say. What can I say? It's alright? No because it's not. "I can not say that I forgive you for causing this big ass problem but I am forever appreciative for you for the simple fact that you gave Devin Cara. You, in a way are apart of the reason Devin and I are together now. You gave him Cara and she taught him how to love. I can honestly say that I will do everything in my power to ensure that Cara is taken care of. I love her so much. I wish you the best in your life. Happiness, love. Everything." I said.
She nodded and croaked out a thank you before she sat a piece of paper on the desk and left.
I sighed sitting back and thinking about what this woman just told me. For so long we spent time hating each other. I can tell she's hurting and just fishing for someone to love her. I can say that I relate a bit. For three years I was looking for one person to love and that was Devin. Sometimes as women, we don't realize what we are worth and I think that's what the problem was with Taylor. She settled for anything and thought by her begging someone to stay that they would. With me, I knew deep down I was going to end up with Devin. He was and will always be the perfect match for me. Yes, I dated other men and yes, I liked other men but none could compare to Devin. I gave Devin my heart and he never returned it. Taylor gave Devin her panties, she left with something inside of her and he, well he just left with the memory of it.