
"Devin." I gasped as he thrusted into me again. I groaned feeling him in my stomach as he moaned aloud.
"Mm. It's so fucking good." He whispered as he took my nipple into his mouth.
"Baby! Too deep!" I yelled to him as tears came to my eyes. To say the least, he's beating it up.
He didn't respond and kept his motion until I put my hands on his chest. He slowed down taunting me and chanting in my ear how much he loved me and how good it is.
On his last stroke I felt my body convulse and shake and I moaned out loud completely satisfied.
We got into the shower together and washed eat other. It was amazing and although I was half sleep it felt like heaven.
"Good Morning." He said and kissed my lips. I kissed him back and said the same.
"That was one hell of a way to wake up." I said and he smirked.
"I wanted to return the favor from last night." He said and kissed my lips. "It was amazing."
"Really." I said and smiled remembering last night. "I'm sore still from it too." I laughed and he kissed my neck.
"Mm. Are you?" He asked and I nodded.
"Hell yes. You tried to do every position in the damn Karma Sutra." I laughed.
"You nor her seemed to mind." He said rubbing my flower.
"We don't. We have missed him and you." I said doing the same to him and kissed his lips.
"I love you Lauren." He said
I smiled. "I love you too." I said. "I'm gonna go check on the baby." I told him and he nodded.
I grabbed my robe and put it over my bare body then I made my way to Devin juniors room.
He hasn't been really talking, by talking I mean babbling a lot or crying so I have to go check up on him. When I got into his room and looked into his crib I saw him looking up and licking on his feet. When he noticed me his eyes got brighter and he smiled.
"Aww hi mommy's baby!" I cooed at him.
"Hey punkin pie." I said kissing on his cheeks.
"You had a good sleep huh baby?" I asked him and he pouted before tapping my chest.
"You saying mommy stop talk and feed me?" I asked him and he did it again as I check his diaper. All clear.
"Okay baby boy hold on for mommy one minute. " I said and sat in the chair I usually nurse him in.
I pulled out my right breast and positioned him to eat.
"Wow." I said feeling him suck eagerly.
I looked at the log I kept of his eating, and how long it took for me to nurse him. I hadn't nursed him since about eleven last night before I went to bed with Devin and I felt bad suddenly. My baby boy was so hungry.
"Mommy's so sorry." I said lowly looking down at him as he ate. He looked up at me with a grin gracing his lips.
After I had finished feeding him for about fifteen minutes, he nodded off. I lightly pulled him from my breast and cleaned myself and him up. I burped him, changed his diaper and laid him down. I decided to give him a half an hour before we had to be up and out for the day's events consisting of doctors appointment and picking up Uncle Erin. My baby and Erin get along and Devin loves to watch as his uncle make crazy faces while holding him.
I grabbed my cellphone, dialing Jacob. I need him to make sure a few things are done for later on today.