
Devins POV
I sighed getting off the phone with my wife. It feels like in ways my family is falling apart. My wife isn't happy neither of my girls are happy and it's tearing me up.
"Daddy. Can we go home?" Cara said swinging back and forth in a bored manner on the swing.
"Amore baby I brung you out here for a reason. You love the park baby." I faked a smile.
"Yeah, but it's more fun with Mels." She said.
I sighed looking away. It's been a hard and tough time for us all as a whole. I wish I could say what's going on, but I honestly can't. I decided to change the subject.
"How you feel about the baby?" I asked her and she nodded.
"Sounds like it'll be cool to have a-a person to play with." She said lowly.
"Baby, Mel is gonna be fine. And then both you and her can be big sisters." I said
She nodded. "O-kay daddy. Can we go home now?"
"Yeah baby girl" I said solely.
It's super hard to make everyone around me happy. I know that this whole situation is affecting everyone to the fullest extent.
I decided to just oblige and take her home it's dinner time anyways.
"Hey yall." I said coming back into the house. I needed to get ice cream for the apple pie mama carter made.
"Hey." My mom said cleaning up. I looked around to see no Lauren. "It didn't work?" I asked her and she shook her head.
"No, and she isn't having a baby shower?" She asked me.
I sighed rubbing my temples. "When did she say this?"
"A little while ago. She doesn't want to because Melanie isn't here. I feel so bad for her. This is her first baby and she isn't enjoying her pregnancy." my momma said and I nodded.
This is her first pregnancy and the first pregnancy that as a father I can be hands on with. It hurts me to know that she is truly sad. I have to find a way to make things right. The woman I love, is miserable, my children are miserable and I am too.
I was taken out of my deep thought seeing Lauren come downstairs holding her back and her suitcase and her duffle bag for the hospital.
"Baby what's going on?" I asked her standing up
"I'm having real contractions now. I saw my plug come out too." She said and I nodded.
"So the baby is coming!" I asked her and she nodded.
Yeah, I think so." She said and we decided to leave.
I Luckily, had my hospital bag at the door so when she said that, everyone got up and was ready to go.
She breathed deeply in and out as we drove. Im gonna see my baby being born.
"You okay?" I asked her.
She nodded. "Yes. I'm fine my water didn't break yet." She told me and I nodded.
"Okay, how are the contractions?" I asked her trying to keep track of how often they are coming.
"They are coming full but far apart." She explained and I nodded.
"You okay?" I asked her and she squeezed my hand tightly.
She exhaled. "I'm fine. The baby is coming today though."
I nodded my head trying to keep my cool. One thing the doctors told us to do is to make sure we don't stress or anything especially me, because she's feeding off of my energy at this point. She seems to be doing fine while I'm over here freaking out.