
"No feelings hurt. Can I burp Devin?" Cara asked me.
"I want to too!" Melanie said.
"How about you both pat his back at once hm?" I asked her.
"Yes!" They both said and eagerly came over.
In no time, with both of them one by one patting his back he burped. "Yay!" Cara said and I laughed.
"Alright babies. It's night time." I said and they went into their rooms.
This was the time that I luckily got to have with just my son. I got to look at him and all his little features and I got to rock him to sleep. After I finished his bedtime story, he was looking up at me tiredly and I smiled and kissed his forehead.
"Good Night baby boy." I said and rocked him a few more times before he was out like a light. I laid him down, and turned on the music that usually played for about an hour while he slept.
I went to Cara's room and prayed with her. We had a private talk and she went off to bed. I repeated the same routine with Melanie and she began to nod off. "I love you Mommy." She said looking up at me.
"I love you too." I whispered and she smiled before closing her eyes.
I don't know how to feel about that. Her calling me mommy? Is that wrong? I never want her to feel like I'm taking the place of her mother or anything like that. I'll talk to Devin about that later.
I decided to go back downstairs, slowly cleaning up the house until Erin and Kelsey came in.
"What you doing? We will do that." Kelsey said.
"No it's fine." I said.
"Nope. We already got Jacob outside cleaning up and guests are starting to leave. We know you tired so go and get ready for bed." Erin said and I smiled.
"Thanks yall." I said.
"No problem. Don't forget brunch tomorrow." Erin said.
"Just like old times." I smiled and then went upstairs.
After getting upstairs I decided to take a bath, something I haven't done in so long. It relieves my stresses and helps me to relax. I started up the hot water, and put in the Eucalyptus Spearmint Stress Reliever from Bath and Body Works foam bath and bath soak. The scent alone soothed me. I went into the bedroom and then my closet to get my robe and a change of clothes just in case someone dares to come up here.
I went into the bathroom and turned down the lights and put some candles on. It was the perfect atmosphere just to relax. Today was a good day and all my kids are asleep at a decent hour thank goodness.
Someone came into the bathroom and I turned around only to see some tall man standing into the door with two glasses and a bottle.
"You started without me?" He asked and I gasped.
"It's completely inappropriate for you to be up here." I said.
"Why is that?" He asked
"My husband would not like this at all!" I said lousily covering my breast.
"Oh really? Well that's too bad because planned to enjoy you tonight." He said and I bit my lip.
"Well then, I think that can be arranged." I said. "Join me."
"I don't mind if I do." He said and I smirked watching him drop his clothes.
He got into the tub with me, and he sat in the back of me before handing me a glass.