
She always pushed up on him with the thing she gave him that was truly supposed to be oh so precious but even she, didn't treasure and every time she would come back, she expected him to be there to fill the void of whatever is truly missing inside but for him, it was something that he no longer sought value in anymore.
See what women today need to understand is the only way to completely heal yourself is tonight have a man in between your legs and kissing you up, but to truly talk about it and become one with whatever it is that you're struggling with and truly truly embrace it. What lies between your thighs will only be a temporary fix when used in the wrong ways.
As women we need to learn our worth, all of us or we will end up hurt, lost and confused. Letting a man dictate how we feel and act and letting the past continually wreak havoc on our future. Her future could have been Devin, but possibly because she was so hurt in her pass from giving her heart she only gave her body and that didn't result too well for her. She's a pretty woman and when she truly lets go of all of the past pains, she'll be gorgeous and unstoppable.
"Knock Knock" I rolled my eyes knowing it's my damn nurse.
"Hello." I said smiling. She was way too loud and excited for me. It's late and I've had a rough night.
"You have two visitors." She smiled brightly after she took my vitals.
I nodded. "Okay. They can come in." I said.
"Okie Dokie Artichokie!" She giggled and left my room.
I rolled my eyes inwardly praying that when my doctor comes in the morning he says I can leave tomorrow night. I do not want to be stuck in the hospital with her. She'll drive me bananas.
"Hello Ms. Lauren." A voice said and I sat up.
"Melanie!" I yelled as she ran towards me I kissed her head.
"What are you doing here. My baby." I said crying as I kissed her all over and checked her body. She looks fine but smaller than how I left her.
"Robin. What happened?" I asked the lawyer handling the case for Devin and I
He smiled. "Child Services called me and said that Mr. White decided to give Melanie back and is giving you and Devin full custody." He said and I hugged her tighter.
"What! That's great. What made him decide that?" I asked him clearing my eyes of the tears as I looked at Melanie. She is really here. With me.
"Well Mr. White said that he saw it best fit that you both are her caregivers. She is more happy with you both. He said that Melanie wasn't happy, her grades started to slip and she started to not eat." He said.
"Melly!" I said looking her into her eyes.
"I missed you Auntie Lauren. I wanted to come back with my family where I belong." She said her arms still around me tight.
"Oh baby I know that but just because you're sad doesnt mean you hurt yourself." I said. Why didn't I tell myself this while I was pregnant?
She nodded. "I won't anymore. Besides the food was nasty. I couldn't eat that." She said causing me to laugh.
I giggled at the face she made and kissed her cheeks. "I sure am glad you're back."