
I don't necessarily feel like he's hiding something super important but it would be nice to just have that security that nothing is happening without my knowing.
Once I had my clothes on, I went down stairs to the table and it wasn't set.
"Baby!" I said
"Yes?" He asked coming downstairs.
"You didn't make the table."'I said
He smiled. "I know come outside with me." He said.
I grabbed his out reached hand and he led us outside. I gasped seeing candles laying throughout the glass and around the pool. He led me behind the pool and I spotted a tent, it was set up sort of like our first date was.
"Aw baby!" I said seeing the set up.
"I see that you like it?" He asked helping me sit.
"Yes. It reminds me of our first date." I said and he nodded giving me another bracelet.
Admissions One, Lauren and Devin's Date Night
I smiled at the bracelet. On all of our fates, he gets me something to remember it by. This is one thing that I absolutely love about my husband. The fact that he takes so much pride into doing things like this for me and being so creative while doing it, adding touches and memories of our past makes me smile.
"Thank you." I said as he sat down and put the food he prepared in front of me.
Our meal consisted of steak, baked potato, asparagus, stuffed lobster and shrimp,
"Babe this is one of the last things I should be eating but it looks super good." I groaned.
"Why shouldn't you be eating it?" He asked.
"Because I'm on mission get baby weight off still." I poured digging into my potato.
"You look great baby. Ass is bigger and your tities." He said rubbing across my behind as I reached over grabbing the remote.
"You forever fresh." I laughed.
He shrugged. "I can't help myself. Baby you were stacked before but after the baby... Mmmm" he said and I smiled.
It felt good to know that my husband enjoys my body even though I don't.
"So baby. Let's talk." He said after we were done eating.
"Yeah. Let's do that." I nodded.
"Baby Let me start by saying I love you. I love you so much and I never, ever mean to hurt you when I do or if I did. That woman, that everyone was talking about is honestly no one to me. She's a woman I dated before and I have absolutely no feeling for her today. Everyone assumed that when we, her and I got promotions and were set to leave for Atlanta, that we'd get back together. That wasn't the case at all."
"So why didn't you ever mention it? It made me feel like I was missing out on something and someone who could have possibly been of importance to you. I felt terrible hearing one of my husbands friends from work, who I never even seen before now tell me about some woman who he was oh so in love with."
"I thought I was in love and I wasn't. I'm in love with one woman, and that is you. I didn't tell you because she isn't important babe. I feel like why bring up people from the past if they have no relevancy in the present or future?"