
I nodded. "You're right babe. I apologize for assuming and not trusting you like I should have."
"No problem babes. I know how you feel and I respect it. I should have just told you babes in the first place. I see and accept my responsibilities in the situation." He said and I smiled.
"I love you and I promise to listen and not assume." I said.
"I love you more now come kiss me woman." He said and I climbed atop of him so that I was straddling him and kissed his lips passionately. He groaned into my mouth and as his hands went down my back, he laid back.
"We still have to talk about the baby stuff." I said.
"How about later?" He groaned.
"Or now and then we can have sex." I smiled.
"A quickie?" He asked and I shook my head.
"Really babe?" I asked.
"Yes. I can't think or talk straight when this is like this and you looking like that." He said and I smirked.
"Quickie and no extra." I said strictly.
"Quickie." He said and grabbed a condom. I rolled my eyes at the thought and was quickly out of the mood.
"Really Devin?" I asked.
"Baby!" He said and I pulled my skirt back down.
"Not happening?" He asked and I nodded.
"Not happening. Why don't you want more kids!" I asked him.
"Baby, let's talk about it later." He said.
"No Devin now." I said calmly and he sighed pulling my skirt down.
"You want the truth?" He asked.
"Absolutely." I said and he sighed.
"Because I don't want doctors coming to me and asking me what I'd rather have more." He said.
"Huh? What are you talking about?" I asked him.
"I don't want to have to choose between my child and my wife's life."
"When did you have to choose?" I asked him.
"The doctors came to me and asked me if they could save someone, which of you would I like it to be. I couldn't make a decision and somehow, they saved you both but I couldn't see Devin Junior and I saw you. I saw you unconscious and not responding to me or anyone and it tore me down. How as I husband, the man you're supposed to depend on to provide for you, to love you to hold you, and to keep you safe how am u supposed to cope with the idea of not having my wife or my child and not being able to help my wife through that? I couldn't so I made the decision that I didn't want anymore kids because I didn't want to run the risk of losing you. The love of my life and the mother of my children." He said.
I wiped the tear that fell from his eyes and held his face in my hand. "Baby I understand that and I want you to know that you are a great husband and an awesome provider. I completely understand why you don't want any more kids for fear of losing me but baby when have we ever let fear determine anything for us? It was so many other factors why what happened happened one being that I honestly wasn't taking care of the baby and I. It was a really hard time for us and for me, and our family we didn't get a chance to celebrate Devin and I want that experience. I want the baby shower and the joy of having another member come into our family." I said.
"But I don't want to run the risk of losing you baby." He said.