
I got them both set up and went to go put Devin in his walker just so I can help them a little bit more. I went to Cara first, being that she's the younger one and assisted her with showering. I didn't have to do much, just watch and remind her to wash her neck, belly button and ears. I washed her hair and she got out. I went to Melanie, and watched as she showered in between helping Cara get dressed and ready for bed. Melanie too, washed her hair but she had pretty much done everything except manage how to get all of the conditioner out of her head when she was done.
The whole process of getting them and baby Devin showered up and ready for bed too three hours. Once they were all dressed in night clothes we went into Devin's bedroom and sat around being that I had asked them to have a little chat.
"Okay so how you girls feel about today?" I asked them. I found myself asking that a lot I didn't want my girls to feel like they were in any senses left out or forgotten.
"It was fun!" Melanie said and told me about the new gifts she had gotten.
Yes, the girls got gifts too. It wasn't just about Devin but celebrating our family altogether.
"I'm glad you had fun. How about you Cara?" I asked her and she nodded her head.
"It was fun." She said speaking softly and I began to feed Devin. This was our normal. Talking about the day as I fed Devin.
"What's wrong?" I asked her.
"It's just-just Jonah and K didn't come." She said.
"Why?" I asked her. I had completely forgot about the little boys.
"They-they say that the couldn't. Jonah mama had to work and K was gonna come with Jonah." She shrugged.
"Well maybe I'll set up a play date. Why didn't you tell me?" I asked her.
"I saw you with the baby and you-you have fun. So." She shrugged.
"Cara if something is bothering you, you tell mommy I'll try my best to fix it. I'm not having that much fun that I can't come and do what I have to do for you two understood?" I asked and they both said yes.
"Good. Now mommy has something to tell you." I said.
"another baby!" Cara asked excited and I laughed.
"Not yet Cara. Mommy and daddy want to go on vacation. What do you think about that?" I asked her.
"I thought this was gonna be fun news." Melanie said
"This is fun news because you get to stay with Grandma and Grandpa." I said and their eyes lit.
They love staying with my parents I think because my daddy does just about anything they want and my mom takes them shopping for whatever they want.
"Oh yes!" Cara said happily and jumped up doing a little dance
I giggled at her response. "You love staying with grandma and grandpa more than your own parents?" I asked them.
"No. Grandma and grandpa just lots of fun. With grandpa we get our nails done oh and my favorite watch the cowboy movies and with grandma we make anything we want and go shopping and eat ice cream!" Melanie said excitedly.
"Alright I guess my mommy and daddy are more fun then me." I said sadly.
"No mommy. We love having fun with you too." Cara said
"Good because my feelings would be hurt." I fake pouted.