
"Yes of course the grand babies I've been dying for you to have and now I'm not gon watch them? No ma'am." My mother said
"Thank you mommy. Thank you daddy." I said.
"You're welcome. Call us when you get together all the details.
"Will do." I said and they left out.
Disregarding the party, which had turned into an adult cook out being that it started to get late, I went to go find Little Devin. It's past his eating time and I know I'm a little he will recognize and act a little cranky.
I think I spoiled him a bit but hey, that's my first baby boy , and I fought hard for him to be here who wouldn't?
I went back to the backyard by the pool where Devin and a few of his friends were and I swooped in grabbing Little Dee from his arms trying not to intervene on their conversation.
Before I could grab the baby and go Devin had pulled me back so that my back was facing him and he pecked my check multiple times.
"You going to bed?" He asked.
"No. Just going to feed Devin and then put him to bed and Get the girls ready for bed too." I told him.
"Okay." He said and introduced me to his friends.
"Hello." I said with a smile on my face.
"Wow, you're even beautiful up close. Now tell me what this man did to make up fall for him?" He asked and I laughed.
"He did a lot. I was not an easy catch." I laughed remembering how mean and distant I was.
"Persistence." Devin winked at me and I blushed like a school girl.
"You two are so beautiful together." A woman said. "I honestly thought you'd never get over Tristan." She laughed.
I looked back at Devin confused. "Tristan?"
"Yeah. You don't know? When he was gonna move to Atlanta he was with Tristan." She said and he shook his head.
"No I wasn't with her then. She was married by then and we hadn't spoken for some time." He said. "Baby she's nobody someone before you who means nothing." He told me and I nodded.
That's weird. We never really had the ex's conversation and I honestly assumed there wasn't any being that he had just been the type to sleep around at one point.
"Okay. Well if you all will excuse me. I've got to feed the little man and get him and the girls to bed." I said with a slight smile. I grabbed little Devin and walked away.
Who the hell is Tristan? Why am I just finding out about this woman? Why do his work friends know who she is? Hell I hadn't even been introduced to work friends until today.
Stop Lauren. You trust your husband. You're not gonna be that wife.
"Melanie. Cara." I said and they both turned to me
"Yes?" Melanie said.
"It's bed time." I told her and she and cars followed behind.
Even though we were having a party they have to be in the bed on time because tomorrow is Sunday, and they need to be up bright and early so we can all go to church. Their friends left before the street lights came on. I wasn't playing that.
"Who's getting in first?" I asked and Cara and Melanie pointed to themselves. For some reason they love bathtime or really anything to do with water.
"You can both shower." I said. "Cara use your bathroom shower and Melanie use mine." I told them and Melanie let out a victorious ' yes'.