
First things first, this is a interracial fanfic. If you don't support interracial couples, your hate is not needed here.
Number two, I am black. I'm a "light bright" as my brother says it.
I got this idea off of a fanfic called Black. The girl is black and is dating Luke in this fanfic. It made me realize, I can totally see the boys with a black girl now.
So based off of these things I decided to make an interracial fanfic because I kinda like white guys... So what the hell, am I right?
I made the cover myself using my amazing photoshopping skills. So I hope you all enjoy this book!
-Shonie x
~~~
I couldn't stand school. It wasn't because of the work because not to brag, but I was very smart. Straight A's in all of my classes. In all honesty, it was the people. Oh the people...
My school was filled with stereotypes. There were your nerds, jocks, cheerleaders, sluts, ratchet black girls, fuckbois, loud mouths and the bad black boys. I didn't know where the hell I fit in. So I just put myself in my own category. The Jordan catergory.
I'm Jordan Williams.
I only had one friend really and his name was Calum. He didn't fall under any catergory either. Calum considered himself a loner. He wasn't athletic, so he didn't fit in with the jocks. He most definitely was not a fuckboi. He knows how to treat a woman, but in this case a man. Yeah he's gay. That how we became friends, we just didn't fit in.
I had just gotten my lunch. It was shitty spaghetti. I wasn't even sure if I even wanted to call it that. I walked over to Calum and I's table and sat down. I was the first to get to our table in the corner of the cafeteria. I stirred around my food. I ran a hand through my messy curls, trying to tame them. I made a mental note to myself to straighten it later.
I was startled when I felt a tap on my shoulder. I looked up and saw a boy with sandy brown hair that was in messy curls, kinda like mine, but his were loose. He had glasses and behind the lenses were bright hazel eyes.
"Are you Jordan?" The boy asked.
"That would be me," I sighed.
Ashton frowned. "I'm guessing Calum never told you about me?"
I shook my head, curls bouncing. Ashton sat down across from me. "I'm his boyfriend."
I gasped. "No fucking way. Shit, I knew Calum was gay, but damn I didn't think he could find this fine of a man."
Ashton blushed and pushed up his glasses. "Thanks."
Calum appeared out of nowhere and slammed his book on the table.
"Aye, don't scare me like that!" I screamed.
Calum laughed and sat next to his boyfriend. "Next time don't call my man fine. Only I can do that."
I playfully looked offended. "I would never."
Ashton pecked Calum's cheek, causing me to fake gag. "When were you going to tell me that you guys were together?"
"I was going to tell you today," Calum rolled his eyes. "But some sexy drummer had to get here before me."
"Stop complimenting me," Ashton mumbled, his face now as red a tomato.
"I don't understand you white boys."
Calum laughed. "Why?"
"Too difficult."