
So... another question from @SnowSparktheKat
He/She asks: "Le Bonnies, this is for you! (Bonnie & Toy Bonnie) who is better at playing guitar? If you can't decide, have a contest to determine it :D"

Me: "BONNIE, TOY BONNIE! Get your fuzzy bunny butts in here!"

Bonnie: "What do you want?"

Me: "Get Toy Bonnie and your guitar."

Bonnie: "Ok, but why?"

Me: "JUST BECAUSE!"

Bonnie: "Ok, jeez don't gotta be so rude."

Freddy: "WHY YA GOTTA BE SO RUUDE!"

Bonnie: "Shaddup FazButt!"

Toy Bonnie: "Did you want me?"

Me: "Yeah, my readers and SnowSparktheKat were curious. Who's better at playing guitar? Bonnie or Toy Bonnie?"

Bonnie and Toy Bonnie: "ME!! NO, ME!!"

Me: "Ok, no need to fight over it. We will have a contest to decide."

Bonnie: "I call dibs on going first!"

Toy Bonnie: "Whatever." *rolls eyes*

Me: "Ok, so what are you each going to play?"

Bonnie: "Umm, I'll play "The Bonnie Song" by GroundBreaking."

Toy Bonnie: "Good, I'll play "The Show Must Go On" by MandoPony."

Me: "So you guys got selections? Let us begin! Original Bonnie, first."

Toy Bonnie: "Hey! No fair!" *crosses arms and rolls eyes*

Me: "Oh, hush up you whining rabbit!"

Bonnie: "Three...Two...One..."

"Hello my friend, back so soon again? It seems to me that you like our company. You play again, and it's usually me to be the first disturbing being that you see. They tore me apart. They used me for parts. They took away my face, they took away my arm. No! It just isn't fair. The chicken and the bear, even the fox didn't go through what I had to bare. My replacement is blue, it's got the latest tech too. All I have is my guitar, let me play a song for you." *Guitar solo* Now with red glowing eyes, I'll be your demise. As my endoskeleton decides. My names Bonnie. I'm the big purple bunny. I play guitar in a band. Don't you forget who i am. My replacement is blue, it's got the latest tech too. it's shiny and brand new. Now with red glowing eyes, I'll be your demise. As my endoskeleton decides. They tore me apart. They used me for parts. They took away my face, the took away my arm. No! It just isn't fair. The chicken and the bear, even the fox didn't go through what I had to bare. Mt replacement is blue, it's got the latest tech too. All I have is my guitar, let me play a song for you.