
"I agree with Heath."I smile
"Whatever noobie/cupcake see you later." Ice winks walking out
Lavana glares at me before walking out. Heath drops me making my stomach meet the floor. I gasp for breath as the wind was knocked out of me. He walks out the door sliding to a close. I clenched my fist tightly staring at the floor.
"Mis-Misdreavus?"
I look up to see my best friend in the whole wide world. Misdreavus a ghost type pokemon. She's actually different from normal Misdreavus. Misdreavus are usually blueish greenish. Well Misdreavus here is actually purple with Violet dyes. Not actually dyed there natural.
"I'm ok."I smiles
She smiles back at me then circles around me. I get up glancing at my closet.
I walk over seeing the clothes, books, old toys, and backpacks. I smirk to myself thankful for the past trips we went for camping. I grab a hand bag putting it around my head on my left shoulder. The black bag was around my waist. I was wearing a black dress since my dad wanted me to meet some business men. To bad I won't be meeting them. I change my heels to black sneakers and I grab my phone.
I take the iPhones back off taking out the track chip. I put it back together before putting a case on it.I begin to call my Aunt who recently moved into a town here. She has a daughter who I think knows nothing of me.
'Hello?'My Aunt says
"Auntie?"I whispered
'What? Who is this?'
"Your sister.....you know she supposedly died from a sickness? She didn't. She died giving birth to me."
'What?! This can't be real!'
"It is so please listen. I need to leave but, I have no place to stay. Can you help me?"
'I.....I will send someone to get you. Then tell me everything. If your lying to me I'll have you sent to prison.'
"Yes mam. Get me outside of the ranger base in Puel Town. Oh p.s. I look like your sister." I smile
With that we both hung up. I peak though the door seeing no one. I slip out pulling my black hoodie over my head. I then dashed for it running down the emergency stairs. I was pretty tired but, I wasn't gonna let that stop me. I ran out the building all the way to town crossing the bridge as it had barely begin to lift. I jump hoping I can make it.
Guess my luck? Bad of course. I was about to fall when I felt my self being lifted. Misdreavus smirks at me setting me down by the small building that controls the bridge. Thank goodness I taught her psychic! I wave at the now yelling pink haired guy. We both took off to the ranger base standing outside of it.
"We.....did.....it."I pant
"Misdreavus!"Misdreavus says happily
I giggle happily at her. I sat on the ground my long sliver whitish hair covering my face. It was in a high pony tail since it was way to long. My red eyes trained on the floor as I chuckled happily.It was at least 15-20 minutes till someone came. A man with brown Afro hair came on a Dodrio. He was wearing the signature ranger uniform. Small red jacket, black shirt loose with white in the front, black pants with yellow lining, boots up to the ankle red/white/black, yellow socks from what I can see,red belt, and black fingerless gloves with a white lining.
He stood over me looking down at me. I felt my cheeks heat up which was strange even for me.