
Silvia's p.o.v
My father walks past me like he didn't care once again. He leaves me alone in my room once again talking about stuff I didn't care for. What happened to my normal father? He was normal....I think. I did leave my grandfathers diary in that old oil shack. That's when I was like five and it burned down thanks to me. I go into my draw pulling out my diary. My grandfather gave me the idea since it will help people for the future.I begin to write in the blue diary my heart pounding in sadness.
'Dear diary,
It's been so long since my dead father been 'normal'. I'm not even noticed much by him anymore.What am I meant to do? I want to run away and hide forever.What can I do? Who can I go to?My father is corrupted by darkness...If I tell anyone they'll take him away.I'll have to save him.My way.I'll leave with my best friend. Misdreavus won't mind for my sake and hers.I'll run away tonight. He wouldn't care since no one really knows about me.Just about his wife dying long ago. They never knew she died giving birth to me. In the very building everyone thinks is harmless. I'll become a ranger like my dream was to be.I'll go to the school to learn more then I do. I will save my father.I'll do it for him...myself...pokemon....everyone......and mom.
Like always your dearly writer,Silvia hall'
I close it hearing one of my check on people. I slip it under my pillow before placing my face in it sighing in annoyance.I hate them so dearly......The 'special' loved trio.
"Hey cupcake!"The spiked blue haired male says
He wore a blue coat like if you wanted to warm up, blue pants, blue boots, and blue eyes. He was attractive looked about 17-20. I think his 19.....
"You are so annoying."I growl
"Well someone's angry."The pink haired girl says
He had her hair in pony tail for reasons, pink shirt, pink skirt, pink boots, to much make up, and is a flame head.
"It's not me."The idiot blonde says
He was a large male, foreign to us, shirt didn't fit him completely, black pants, and yellow/black pattern boots.
"Will you three leave please?"I asked putting my face on my pillow.
The room I was in was white walls and white carpet. When you enter to your left is my closet. To your right would be the door to the bathroom. Looking ahead you'll see a bed against the wall and next to it a wardrobe. Next to the wardrobe is my desk.
"Why would you want me to leave cupcake?" The blue hair male asked
"BECAUSE ICE YOUR ANNOYING!!"I yell
"Chill chill I was joking noob."Ice says
"I love how her red eyes get when she's angry. She looks as lovely as her mother. Not as lovely as me though."The pink haired woman says
She flips her hair trying to impress Ice like usal. She's in her 20s I'm pretty sure she's older then Ice. Big guy though looks like 25-32.
I jump off my bed to jump on her for the rude comment. The large blonde grabs me before I can rip her hair out. We fought once I pulled a bit of her hair out. Why do you think it's in a pony tail?
"LAVANA I'LL RUIN YOUR HAIR AGAIN!!" I yell
"Your not gonna chill are you cupcake?" Ice asked
"Heath says we should leave her be."Heath says the blonde holding me