
"Are you the one who called Mrs. Hitomi?" He asked
"Yes that's me."I say in a shy manner
He stared at me then a photo. He then pats on the Dodrio the sign to get on. I smile sitting behind him. I caught a glance if the photo. It looked like me yet older happy, peppy, and with purple eyes. Even though my fathe wears shades all the time you can barely see his light red eyes.
Back to the main point though. I was so scared of falling I held him tight with my left hand. My right hand held onto Misdreavus. Yes she is a ghost yet she let's me touch her when she chooses.He takes off I held onto him tighter. He rode for a while me taking in the view. It was beautiful I couldn't believe what I've been missing most of my life.
"Almost there."He says
I don't think he trust me....I'm pretty sure they would want to be careful of me. He slows down in front of a ranger base.
"She's not here yet. She won't he here for a couple of days or weeks. Not sure how you knew about her moving here but, just telling you."
I get off of the flightless flying type and look at the man. He smiles softly at me getting off releasing the pokemon. He offers me inside which I gratefully took.I met his leader and they welcomed me with opened arms. They questioned me I told them some things not all. I said that I was a orphan and didn't know about her till some weird guys told me.Those weird guys are people from the Altru building. Or technically a dark origination.
"They said they knew she moved here. They gave me her number and left."I say answering another question
"Ok....."Barlow the large dark skinned male says
He was wearing the ranger uniform too yet he was wearing short. Nice guy to nice to seem like a ranger.
"What did they look like?"Luana asked
She had black hair, white skin, ranger uniform but with shorts, and a peppy personality. She's really sweet and she gave me half a cookie! It was a sugar cookie with white frosting! Best sugar cookie ever!
"Um....I don't remember their faces....I do know they had black clothes on...Like some weird suit thing...."I say
"Ok.....did they call themselves anything?" Crawford asked
"Um....no...."I say
I don't want them to know. Only I want to stop them so I don't want them to know! If the find out I'm so screwed!
"Ok....its getting late do you want to get to bed early?" Barlow asked
"You can stay with me for now!"Elaine the upsets mechanic says
Elaine the mechanic here. She has goggles on her head, as I chuckle.
"Yes I would like that."I smile at the brunette with goggles on her head
"Ok come with me!"She says pulling my arm
I smiled more at her as she pulled me to the back door. This place is bigger then it looks. She pulls me to the right side of the hall and past serval rooms. We got in there were two bunk beds. I wonder why there's that many beds.
She pulled me to the bottom bunk then walked to the door. It slides open and she waved to me walking out.
"Misdreavus did you get left behind?"I asked
"Misdreavus."
I look to my right so her just pop up. I smile as she pouts at me. I'm not scared by her tricks anymore which disappoints her sometimes. I lay in the bed patting the spot next to me. She lays down with me I out the cover over us.