
Ben took Connor to TGI Fridays and they actually had an extremely good time. It ended with a light kiss that left Connor floating on air for the rest of the night.
Meanwhile, Kevin was in his office from sunset to sunrise finishing the article. Eight whiskey shots and a glass of rum later Kevin had produced the best thing he'd ever written. It was unbiased, personal, and insightful. There were four-hundred exclamation points at the of the document because had Kevin passed out on his laptop, but Thomas would edit those out later.
Naba found Kevin sleep-muttering in a puddle of drool on his desk, surrounded by empty shot glasses. She tapped his shoulder a few times and his head shot up. A piece of a paper was stuck to his cheek and he looked around the room wildly. "What's going on?" He asked.
"You fell asleep at your desk."
"I finished the article Nabulungi!" Kevin cried, grabbing his assistant's arms and jerking her around excitedly. "It's done and it's perfect!"
Naba laughed as Kevin jumped out of his seat and looked down at his disheveled suit. "I need to," He gulped loudly. "get cleaned up." Suddenly Kevin looked as if he didn't know what to do with his hands and he moved them around awkwardly, settling then shifting again.
"Go home honey, I'll get the article to Thomas so he and Arnold can put together the final mock-up."
Kevin nodded and walked out of his office, avoiding touching anything. "Nabulungi!" He shouted from the lobby.
Naba walked out of Kevin's office. "What?"
"C-can you press the thing?" Kevin asked, gesturing to the elevator button. Naba nodded understandingly before opening the elevator, and pressing the lobby button for Kevin.
When Kevin got home he undressed as soon as he walked through the door, desperate to get out of the "tainted" suit, then he shuffled to his bathroom and took a long hot shower. Clean and in a fresh suit, Kevin finally realized what he had done. Staring at his reflection in his closet mirror, he straightened his light purple tie and smiled at his reflection. "I did it. I finished the article."
A knock on the door drew Kevin's attention and he answered it to find Brooklyn standing in the hall. "Naba told me you finished the article!" She exclaimed, wrapping her arms around Kevin's neck and kissing him deeply. "I'm so proud of you babe." She mumbled into the kiss. Kevin trailed his kisses along her jaw and ended when he broke into a smile that interrupted him.
"You're the best." He said gently. Brooklyn stroked down the side of Kevin's face. "I know." She said with a wink.
Back at the office, Thomas and Arnold worked to put together the final mock-up binder for Kevin. Both men were nearly moved to tears when they saw their vision in physical form right in front of them. That night the binder was presented ceremoniously to Kevin for him to make notes and comments.
Kevin pulled another all-nighter that night. At around midnight, he got up to go use his bathroom only to find that the water pressure had been turned off. With sigh, Kevin went to his desk and grabbed two tissue boxes and a can of Lysol spray.
Armed with his arsenal of cleaning supplies, Kevin walked to the office hallway where the public bathroom was. He used a tissue to open the door and then sprayed and wiped down the toilet seat. The sink handles had to be disinfected before Kevin felt okay touching them but he managed to survive the bathroom trip.
On his way back to his office, Kevin spotted a sliver of golden light shining out from under a closed office door. It was Thomas and Arnold's office. Kevin cocked an eyebrow curiously and opened up the door to find Thomas asleep at his desk.