
Connor pushed past Steve and went into the stairwell. As he climbed the stairs, two hands trapped him against the wall. "Say it Connor." Steve growled.
"Say what?"
"That you love me too."
"But I don-"
"I know you do!"
Steve was panicky now, he had thought that Connor would come right back to him like he always had. All throughout their lives, Connor had needed Steve. He had needed him to stop bullies, to copy homework, to lie to his parents, but now he didn't seem to need him. Something had changed in Connor since Steve left him. Connor was stronger.
Now Steve did the last thing he hoped might work to lure Connor back to him. Using his hips and chest, he pinned Connor against the wall and kissed him, just like he knew Connor liked to be kissed; slow and lovingly.
After squirming for a moment, Connor stopped and melted into the kiss. Wrapping his arms around Steve's waist and pressing them together even more. Steve had his hands on the wall on either side of Connor's head.
At the bottom of the stairs, the door opened and Arnold stepped into the passage. He saw Steve and Connor, who had grown a little more intense, and ran to get Kevin.
"Mr. Price! Come quick!" He shouted, barging into the office.
Kevin closed his laptop and looked up at the chubby man. "What is it now, Arnold?"
"Steve and Connor!"
Suddenly Kevin found himself worried. Had Steve hurt Connor? Had Connor hurt Steve? Were they fighting with one another? Arnold's face was panic stricken and Kevin grew extremely concerned. "Where are they?"
"Stairwell." Arnold breathed.
Kevin got up and walked to the stairwell door. He opened it, and a "Steeeeeeve." greeted him.
Poking his head inside, Kevin saw Connor and Steve making out passionately on the landing. Something tightened in Kevin's gut, but he ignored it, not quite knowing what the feeling was.
The rest of that day, Kevin moved around hollowly. He didn't know what had knocked his day off its axis, but he found himself unable to get the kiss he had witnessed out of his mind.
Steve and Connor had left the office shortly after Kevin saw them.
Now, Kevin sat alone at his desk, reading the transcripts Naba had printed him. He highlighted important things on the paper in his color-coded highlighting system.
Yellow for dialogue, green for finances, blue for names, pink for art, and orange for mentions of Kevin.
The doors to Kevin's office opened, preceded by no knocking. He looked up and saw Naba and James. Both looked thoroughly pissed off.
"Why did you hire Steve?" They both asked in creepy unison.
"Because I'm the boss and I get to do that." Kevin said matter-of-factly.
James pointed to himself. "I am your art advisor Kevin. I've worked my ass off on this project."
"Consider Steve the advisor to the advisor then."
"I don't need an advisor!"
"Well either work with one, or quit. Those are your options James. This was a business decision, nothing personal."
Nabulungi crossed her arms. "Business?"
"Yes, Steve Blade is a prominent name in the art world right now and having that name on our project will open us up to new audiences and groups."