
"I know, but everything has it's season."
"My life is just one bad thing after another lately."
"How so?"
"My breakdown, Steve, and now Bella."
"I'm so sorry Kevin, you don't deserve this. Do you mind if I go all Mormon on you for a second?"
"Have at it."
"Everything happens for a reason, I truly believe that. This is happening so that something else can happen. I've been in dark places that have lead to something better."
"Like what?"
"Like when I was short on cash for rent and Ben told me some asshole was looking for an actor to shadow so I swallowed my pride and applied for the gig. If that moment of weakness never happened, I wouldn't have met the most important person in my life."
"Who's that?"
"You."
Kevin felt a swell of warmth in his chest of love for Connor McKinley. Time after time that bouncy little redhead was by Kevin's side and this time was no different.
All throughout his life, people have had no idea how to treat Kevin Price. He needed human interaction, but he tended to feel smothered very easily. People kept their distance from him, they got starstruck or nervous, but Connor was different. Connor knew exactly how to handle Kevin as a celebrity, a mentally ill individual, and as a man.
That night, Kevin sat in his bed with Bella on his lap. Connor was asleep on the couch in the living room with Fritz probably laying on his head. Sadly, Kevin stroked what was left of Bella's fur as tears tumbled down his cheeks.
Suddenly Kevin had an idea. He set Bella down on the spare pillow and climbed out of bed. Kevin got onto his knees and clasped his hand together on the bed. "Heavenly Father, it's me, Kevin. It's been fifteen years since we last talked and I've done quite a bit of sinning. Commandment wise... I've hit all the bases except for killing a man. Unfortunately I have coveted a neighbor's wife before too, so sorry about that."
In the living room, Fritz shifted and scratched Connor's face, waking him up. He yawned and froze when he heard something from Kevin's bedroom. On tip-toe, Connor padded over to the door and pressed his ear against it. He heard Kevin's voice.
"Bella is my family, so is Fritz. If it wasn't for them, I probably wouldn't come home. I'd sleep at my desk in the office and only come here for clothes and maybe sex. I just-"
Connor pulled away, Kevin was praying! He couldn't believe what he was hearing. Gingerly, Connor twisted the door handle and walked into the room. Kevin kept his eyes shut and continued his prayer. Connor climbed onto the bed and sat in front of Kevin's kneeling figure, he wrapped his hands around Kevin's and closed his eyes, adding a little bit more willpower to Kevin's prayer.