
All in all, The New Yorkie fashion show went well.
Connor only accidentally ate dog treats twice, and Kevin got the phone numbers of three different stylists.
When Kevin's dog Bella went out on the runway he almost had a panic attack. Connor was in charge of watching her but he let her run around in some bushes, covering her entire dress in dead leaves. Kevin clutched his chest and felt his heartbeat accelerate. Luckily, Connor knew how to work a crowd and he climbed onto the catwalk to resolve the situation. "Outdoor Aesthetic" and "Primal Dog Ancestors" he called it. The crowd ate that lie right up, applauding the artistry.
Dog owners in the fashion show each received donations based on their performances. Kevin allowed Connor to claim Bella as his own that night while Kevin represented his other dog, Fritz. At the end of the night, donations were counted and a winner was announced; for the first time since the show's conception, Kevin Price didn't win.
No, Connor McKinley took the first place title by a landslide and it took every ounce of manhood in Kevin's body not be bitter about his second place plaque.
On his way out of the hotel, when no one was looking, Kevin tossed the silver plaque into the trashcan with a huff.
Connor accompanied Kevin back to his penthouse to say goodbye to Bella, who had taken quite a liking to her master's new friend.
"I'll come by at eight tomorrow so we can head to the party." Connor said before going home.
"Sounds good, I'll have a town car waiting for us."
Connor nodded his approval and headed out the door. Suddenly remembering something, Kevin bolted after him. "Connor!" He shouted running down the hallway. He caught Connor just outside the elevator. Between panting breaths, Kevin asked his question. "What should I wear?"
Connor looked Kevin up and down thoughtfully. "Gray suit with a brown tie. Oh, and black shoes."
"That's specific."
Kevin received a crooked Connor McKinley-smile. "It'd match your eyes." Then he got into the elevator.
Back in his penthouse, Kevin called Nina and requested that she come wash the dogs, then he changed and took a hot shower before watching TV until bed.
The next day at work Kevin had a buzzing feeling in his gut, but he didn't know why. When he asked Naba for a diagnosis she replied: "Maybe you're nervous."
Kevin had scoffed at the idea. Him? Nervous? Kevin Price hadn't been nervous a day in his life, what could possibly change that now?
At seven-thirty, Kevin, Arnold, Thomas, Naba, and James all changed their clothes and headed to Kevin's penthouse to meet Connor. They piled into the town car and headed off to the party.
"So Connor how was your first preview?" Thomas asked politely.
Connor beamed at him. "It was fantastic! The most exhilarating thing I've ever done!" He exclaimed.
Everyone offered their praise and congratulations, everyone except James who tapped away on his BlackBerry, oblivious to the joys around him.
When the town car pulled up, Connor was first to step out followed by Naba, Arnold, James, then Thomas. Kevin was the last to step onto the red carpet and the minute his face was visible, the press went wild. People started screaming and waving their arms, the camera flashing increased exponentially, paper and pens were being shoved at the group, and security rushed out to surround Kevin in a bubble of manpower.
Inside the venue, there was a stage for the night's speakers and for interviews. In front of the stage were beautifully decorated tables in the color pallet of the musical; black, white, and orange.