
Thomas' blush faded and was replaced with a worried look. "Connor, please, um, don't tell anyone."
"I won't."
"I didn't know I was... gay, until I met James and I'm not sure how to be in this relationship."
"Just do whatever feels right Thomas, and tell James what you're feeling so he can help you, he loves you."
Thomas nodded and took another bite of his Poptart. "Well anyways, enough of the touchy-feely stuff, are you on board for the co-author idea?" He asked in a complete change of tone.
"You bet."
"Awesome, Arnold and I will talk to Mr. Price tomorrow."
Kevin showed up to his office at three in the afternoon, he had spent his day on a yacht with Calvin Klein. His cornias burned from seeing that man in such a small speedo, but he didn't dare comment on it because he was there to kiss up. James wanted Kevin on the Christmas edition's cover and Kevin wanted to be in one of Calvin's suits.
He had managed to kiss the designer's ass enough to schedule a lunch meeting, so overall, the trip had been successful. Kevin Price knew how to get what he wanted and this was just another example.
The next day at four, Kevin met Calvin Klein and four of his most trusted advisors at a local restaurant that boasted the best lobster in NYC. Feeling slightly outnumbered by Calvin's posse, Kevin called in backup. At four thirty, Naba and James arrived to join their boss.
"Calvin it would be my honor if you'd let me wear one of your suits during the cover shoot."
Mr. Klein leaned to the side as one of his advisors whispered in his ear. He looked at Kevin sharply. "How much would you pay me?"
James hoisted his leather briefcase, which was coincidently a Calvin Klein, onto the table and pulled a checkbook out of it. Each check in the book was pre-signed by Kevin for James to spend as he saw fit. James scrawled something on the check in his messy handwriting and held it in front of his chest for Calvin to see. "Twenty-thousand right now." He said firmly.
Naba scoffed and reached over Kevin's lap, yanking the check away from James. "No way."
Kevin gasped as Naba tore the check up and tossed it on the table like confetti.
"Naba what the hell are you doing?" James hissed.
Naba put a hand up to silence James. "Let me show you how we handle these things back home in Uganda." She said.
Nabulungi uncrossed her legs and leaned forward against the table. "Listen here Calvin, our magazine,"
Kevin cleared his throat loudly. Naba huffed and corrected herself. "His magazine, is the most popular fashion publication in the world and it would be your honor to have Mr. Price wear your suit, not ours. You have one minute to answer before I open up my contact list and call another designer." Naba finished off her speech with a firm nod and grabbed her phone for emphasis.
Calvin Klein began frantically chattering with his advisors while James and Kevin stared at Naba with their mouths open in shock. "Close your mouths boys, you'll catch flies."
Both men closed their mouths, but their eyes stayed wide and surprised.
Calvin reached a verdict among his group and looked at Naba. "Miss...?"
"Hatimbi."
"Miss Hatimbi, we'll take you up on your offer, for free. It's a great marketing opportunity and we'd be honored to feature a suit for Mr. Kevin Price."