
"That you held my hand, I could feel you."
Connor was at a loss for words, he remembered the conversation he had had with Kevin's doctor all that time ago. He remembered how astounded she had been at seeing their physical contact. Not knowing how to respond, Connor just sat quietly with his legs crossed and his hands in his lap.
Kevin reached out and pried Connor's clasped hands apart gently, taking one in his own. For awhile they sat like that on Kevin's bed. Connor stared straight ahead, lost in his thoughts. Kevin held his hand and had his eyes shut.
After a few minutes, Connor noticed Kevin's breathing starting to steady. It was the first time since his release that Kevin had fallen asleep at a reasonable time; it was 8:30.
As gently as he could, Connor freed his hand from Kevin's grip and crawled off the bed. He pulled the covers up over his friend before putting out all the candles and dumping out the two martinis. On Kevin's nightstand was a house key that Connor used to lock up the penthouse on his way out. He left the key under the mat and made a mental note note to remind Kevin that it was there.
The next day at work, Nabulungi was at her desk editing a transcript from a meeting she had attended for Kevin while he was in the hospital. James walked into the lobby looking upset.
"James, are you alright?"
James spun around to face Naba, he looked extremely frazzled. "No."
"What's up?"
"I- I think I might... love Thomas."
"I don't see what's 'no' about that. Care to elaborate?"
"I've never loved another man, I mean, I've dated dozens of guys but I never actually loved any of them."
"Oh I see. Did you say the l-word to Thomas yet?"
"No, but I want to Nabulungi."
From under Naba's desk, Connor's head popped up. "Don't do it in the heat of the moment, like in bed or something." He said, remembering some old flames that had flickered out.
"What are you doing under there Connor?" James asked.
"I'm putting stickers on stuff." Connor explained, gesturing to a vast array of desk objects that he had decorated. "But anyway, take Thomas out to dinner and tell him. Do it in a calm atmosphere where it seems like you've put thought into it. He'll reciprocate James, I know he will."
James nodded nervously before heading down to the art department to take out his nervousness on a team of photographers.
Today was the day that the cover of the Christmas issue would be unveiled to a select focus group, that's why Connor was there. James had invited him to the unveiling. Everyone in the focus group had already arrived, Kevin was locked in his office on a conference call, Arnold and Thomas were tossing a foam football back and forth from their desks, Naba was writing her transcript, and Connor was decorating every desk object that Nabulungi owned.
For some reason, Kevin wasn't letting them begin the meeting though. He claimed he was waiting for someone else, a special new team member.
The elevator dinged, signaling somebody arriving on the floor. Connor looked up curiously and gasped when he saw who stepped out of the elevator.
Kevin's office doors opened and he rushed out to greet the guest with a firm handshake and a slap on the back. James, Arnold, and Thomas all walked back into the lobby upon hearing Kevin's voice.
"Everyone, meet the newest member our creative team,"