
Arnold's face brightened up when Kevin expressed interest and he jumped back into the saddle. "Well what does every cultured New Yorker want more than anything?" He asked.
Kevin shrugged.
"Broadway tickets!" Thomas exclaimed.
Kevin stared at them blankly so Thomas elaborated: "December is a busy month for Broadway. Tourists and holiday charity benefits, not to mention that ticket sales are through the roof because of seasonal gift giving. This is the time of year when everyone has Bway on the brain and you can capitalize on that peaked interest!"
When Thomas finished, he and Arnold stared at Kevin like children waiting for their father's approval. Kevin rubbed his chin pensively and formulated a careful and articulate response.
"I like it." He said with all the grace and eloquence of a Victorian-era monarch, or a sassy magazine editor.
"Y- you do?" Arnold stuttered.
"Yeah, it's cool. Write me a more detailed plan for the article and have it on my desk by three tomorrow. My assistant Nabulungi will show you to your office." Kevin buzzed Naba's desk and she came into the office.
"Naba, show these men to a spare office please." He said.
Naba nodded and ushered Arnold and Thomas to the door. On their way out, Kevin noticed Arnold staring, mesmerized, at Naba. He laughed softly. Naba was probably too much for quiet, awkward Arnold to handle.
That night, Kevin was the last to leave the office. He had spent his day crushing dreams, flirting with models, trashing celebrities, and staring out the window. Quite frankly, Kevin believed he deserved some downtime.
He decided to head to his favorite nightlife hotspot in New York City. It was a chic club hidden amongst grungy buildings and law firms in Hell's Kitchen.
When he arrived, Kevin pushed through the long line at the door and nodded to a bouncer who let him pass despite the loud protests from the people still waiting. Taking his usual seat at the corner of the bar, Kevin observed the commotion around him.
Neon lights in every color possible covered the walls and tables and even the bar. People sat at tables conversing over expensive drinks with pretentious names. Women strutted around sporting purses that held little designer dogs in them, Kevin couldn't criticize though, considering the fact that he had two adorable, and very expensive, Pomchis waiting for him at home.
Lost in thought, Kevin didn't notice the fuming brunette storming across the bar towards Kevin. "Kevin Price!" She exclaimed, standing right next to his seat. "You said you'd call me three days ago and you never did!"
Kevin looked up at the woman and racked his brain, trying to remember her name. "Sorry... Caroline?"
The woman grabbed a martini off the counter and splashed it into Kevin's face. "Actually it's Clea, you ass!" Then she stormed off, leaving behind a confused Kevin and a ruined Armani suit.