
"No, Kevin wanted me to tell you that tomorrow we're all supposed to stroke his ego before his birthday the next day."
Connor nodded. "Okay, thanks for the info. Bye then." He said awkwardly, closing the door. James headed back to the office and holed himself away in the art department, having learned more about Connor's personal life than he ever wanted to.
In his office, Kevin stood at a podium while Arnold and Thomas pretended to be reporters. They had been grooming Kevin for days on what he'd say at his first press conference for the article.
Thomas held out a lighter that he was pretending was a recorder. "Mr. Price! What inspired you to choose Connor McKinley as your subject for the article?" He asked in a British accent.
"Well, he is a very unique person that presented a fresh, youthful view on the establishment that is Broadway." Kevin replied suavely.
Arnold took the lighter from Thomas and jumped up now. "Kevin! What can you tell us about the article?"
"I can tell you that it will be an in-depth look at a world that has so many secrets, and that it will be something incredible that stays with readers long after they've finished it."
Arnold and Thomas clapped for Kevin's clever dodging of proper answers.
"I think we're ready to schedule this thing, Mr. Price." Thomas said with a grin.
Kevin agreed half-heartedly before clearing the two men out of his office. Ever since he had seen Connor and Steve conjugating on the stairs, Kevin hadn't been feeling right. He didn't feel sick, or sad, just wrong. Naba had suggested that he was feeling guilty for tossing Connor back into a relationship that he was so unhappy in previously, but Kevin discounted that idea.
He clicked Naba's name on his desk phone and buzzed her. "Naba can you come here?" He asked.
There was no response but a few seconds later, the doors opened and Naba walked in. Kevin was seated at his desk with his feet up, surprisingly he was never bothered by that unsanitary habit.
"Yes Kevin?" Naba asked.
"Where's Connor?"
"I told you he wasn't coming in today."
"Yeah, but you know where he is."
Naba reached up and toyed with her necklace, a nervous tick. "I do not."
"Yes you do."
"Even if I do, that's my business because Connor told me not you."
In that moment Thomas walked back into the office to retrieve a folder he had forgotten. "Thomas where's Connor?" Kevin asked.
Thomas looked up, "James said he was having sex with Steve." he answered casually.
Naba slapped her hand to her face and groaned at Thomas' incompetence. Kevin took his feet from his desk and sat up straighter. "You knew this? And you didn't tell me?" Kevin asked Naba angrily.
Sensing that something was about to go down, Thomas abandoned his search for the folder and ducked out of the office.
"Yes Kevin, I knew, and Connor's romantic activities are not something I'm obligated to tell you."
"But he told you! Why not me? I think I deserve to know, don't you?"