
Kevin took Bella to work with him the day after he received her diagnosis.
The first thing he did that morning was sign off on the shipping confirmation for the printing press. As soon as his pen left the contract, word was sent and the magazines began flying off the assembly line. They were distributed the next day and still nobody had seen the cover yet.
James kept the cover more of secret than the US President's Book of Secrets. He gathered Thomas, Naba, Connor, Arnold, and Kevin in the art department the afternoon the issues had been shipped out. James distributed magazines to each person but a piece of paper was taped over the covers.
"Okay, three, two, one!" He exclaimed as everyone tore the papers from their magazines.
Kevin's face looked up at them and he was dressed in a sharp suit courtesy of Calvin. The room was silent except for a hushed "I look fantastic." from Kevin.
James received oodles of praise and high-fives for his hard work and Kevin tore the cover off the magazine and sent it to be framed.
Later that day, in his office, Kevin absentmindedly stroked Bella with his foot and flicked through the pages of the Christmas issue. His desk phone rang and he leaned forward, tapping the speaker button. Brooklyn's voice came out of the speaker.
"Kevin?"
When Kevin realized who it was, he grabbed the phone and took his girlfriend off speaker. "Hey babe, what's up?"
"We need to talk Kevin, meet me in Central Park?"
"Uh, sure."
Kevin hooked a leash onto Bella's collar and told Naba that he was taking his break before heading to meet a disgruntled Brooklyn in the park. He found his girlfriend waiting on a park bench, watching some little girls shuffle around on a frozen pond.
"Hey Brooklyn." Kevin said, sitting down next to Brooklyn. Bella jumped up onto the bench and laid down next to her owner. "What's wrong?"
Brooklyn adjusted her hat on her orange hair and straightened her gloves. "Kevin, there's someone else."
"What?"
"I've fallen out of love with you and into love with somebody else. I don't want to put you through any pain, Kev, I really don't, but I also don't want to be unhappy. Also, it's not fair if you're in a relationship with someone who doesn't care about you in the way you care about them. You feel me?"
"Yeah Brooklyn, I feel you."
"You're not mad?"
"No, why would I be? You're not happy, and I'm not happy that you're not happy."
"Thank you Kevin."
"Goodbye Brooklyn."
Kevin walked numbly through the park with Bella, the high of seeing the magazine cover died after hearing Brooklyn's news, but hey, now he was single. Back to that bachelor life he knew so well. Kevin didn't go back to the office that day, instead he walked home with Bella.
Passing newspaper stands, Kevin noticed boxes with his logo on them sitting under counters, the Christmas issue was packaged safely in each one.
Back home, Kevin took a long shower and put his pajamas on early. A few times Naba or Arnold would call to find out where he'd gone, but Kevin ignored each call. He grabbed some ice cream out of his refrigerator and settled down to abuse his HBO subscription.
At six twenty-three p.m., a low howling noise from Kevin's bedroom caught his attention. Kevin found Fritz looking at his sister and crying mournfully. Kevin's heart dropped to his feet and he reached out to pick up his dog's lifeless body with shaking hands.