
On the other side of the city, Connor was roused out of a couch nap by frantic knocking on his front door. He opened it up to find Kevin, in his pajamas, standing in the hall with puffy eyes and tears dried onto his cheeks.
"She died." Kevin said in a high pitched voice.
Connor placed a hand over his mouth to conceal a gasp. "Oh, Kevin." He said, grabbing the other man in a warm hug. "Come inside." Connor pulled Kevin into his apartment and sat him down in the breakfast nook.
"Brooklyn left me and Bella died today."
"Kevin, I'm so sorry."
"I can't feel anything, it's too much for me. I washed my hands four times before leaving the house and- and- and- and- and- and-" Kevin's eyes widened and he continued repeating the word "and".
Connor watched him in horror as Kevin covered his mouth and tried to stop the words, but they kept coming, muffled.
"And- and- and- and-"
"Kevin what's going on?" Connor asked fearfully. "Please let me help you!"
Frantically, Kevin made a slapping motion. "And- and- and- and-"
"I don't wanna hit you Kevin." Connor whispered.
"And- and- and-" Kevin glared at Connor and made another slapping motion, but this time it was at Connor.
"Sorry, okay!" With his eyes closed tightly, Connor reeled back and slapped Kevin with all of his might. Kevin teetered in the chair and rubbed his cheek with a groan, but he stopped repeating himself.
"What happened!?" Connor cried.
"I don't know. I couldn't stop, the words kept coming but I wasn't saying them. I felt like a scratched CD."
"Kevin go to bed."
"What?"
"Go sleep in my bed now. You need to get some rest." Connor's tone was firm and commanding, it was new to Kevin and he found himself getting up, wordlessly, and obeying Connor's command. He went to the bedroom and shut the door, kicking off his shoes and climbing into Connor's bed.
He lay in the unfamiliar bed for hours, staring at ceiling and thinking about how quickly his day had gone from great to horrible. Kevin wondered who Brooklyn had fallen in love with and how Fritz was feeling. He also thought about how strange and helpless he had felt at Connor's table when he lost all control of his brain and voice. It felt like he was listening to a recording of another person instead of actually saying those things himself.
"And." Kevin said aloud in the dark. "And, and, and." The words didn't repeat like before and Kevin sighed.
On the wall opposite Connor's bed were a few picture frames, hung at haphazard angles. In each frame was a different photo of Kevin and Connor. One was Connor sitting on the NY Public Library's stone lion, another was a selfie he took with Kevin at Villa on the Green, the largest picture frame was holding the magazine cover, and the final frame had a red carpet shot of Kevin and Connor from the preview party.
That night, Kevin fell asleep with thoughts of him and Connor in his mind to help him get though the night.