
Kevin and Connor had been sitting in the waiting room of the vet's office for almost four hours. Fritz had been given the a-okay but there had been no news on Bella. Kevin spiraled further and further into a mournful slump as time passed.
Connor noticed his shoulders hunch a bit and his eyelids slide lower, Kevin's normal glow was fading again.
"Kevin," Connor took Kevin's left hand. "she's gonna be okay."
"You don't know that."
"I don't, you're right, but I believe."
"It's not that easy for me to be optimistic, Connor."
The vet came out of his office for a moment, Kevin looked up and caught his eye. Quickly, the vet broke eye contact by looking down and going back into the other room.
"You saw that right?" Kevin asked angrily.
"Kevin, calm down please."
"No! They're not telling me what's going on!"
Kevin got up and walked up to the front counter. "I want to see my dog." He said firmly.
The young lady behind the counter rolled her eyes, and checked the file for Bella. "Sir, she's not available right now."
"Not available? Not available!? She's my dog!"
"Sir, please lower your voice."
"Then let me see my damn dog!"
Connor got up and grabbed Kevin's shoulders, leading him back to their seats. "Hun, sit." He said gently.
Reluctantly, Kevin sat in the plastic orange chair and crossed his arms. He glared around the room bitterly. "Who decorated this place?" He grumbled.
"I like it, it's cheerful."
"It's too orange. I feel like I've gone to Creamsicle Hell."
Connor rolled his eyes, he knew that at this point Kevin would look for anything to focus his frustrations on. At least it was the decor and not Connor.
"Kevin Price?" The receptionist said. "Room 23 please."
Kevin launched up and grabbed Connor by the arm, dragging him along behind him.
In room 23, Bella was lying on a table with her head resting on her paws.
"Oh my god! They shaved my dog!" Kevin cried, seeing a large patch of skin on his dog's flank. The vet placed a reassuring hand on Kevin's shoulder. "She's dying sir."
"What?" Kevin asked, all anger gone from his voice.
"She has a lung tumor, we shaved her to take x-rays and that's what we found."
Kevin was dumbfounded and he fell back into a chair with wide eyes. Connor wrapped an arm around Kevin's shoulders and squeezed him against his thigh. "How long?" He asked in Kevin's place.
The vet looked at his clipboard, then at Bella before looking back at Connor. "A week, probably less."
Kevin made a low mournful moaning sound and Connor rubbed up and down his back. "And there's nothing you can do?"
"Not with the time we have, I'm very sorry." The vet left the room and Kevin got up slowly. He walked over to his dog and picked her up, she lay limp in his arms and Kevin buried his face in her fluffy orange fur. "Bella." He moaned.
Connor came up behind Kevin and wrapped his arms around his waist, resting his chin on Kevin's shoulder. "I'm so sorry Kevin." He said soothingly. Kevin leaned his head to the side to rest it against Connor's. "It's not fair."