
"Why?"
"I dunno, I've had a rough week and you're the first person I thought to call."
"To talk?"
"Sure."
"Fine Kevin, I'll come. To talk only, so keep yourself in check."
Even though Lauren couldn't see him, Kevin nodded. He realized his mistake though and voiced his agreement through the phone.
"Okay," Lauren said. "I'm in the neighborhood already so give me twenty minutes."
Kevin hung up the phone and slipped it into the pocket of his robe, which he finally felt okay wearing after the Nina-incident.
Fifteen minutes later, he heard a key turning in the front door and Lauren walked in. She had a key because she had lived with him for a month and their relationship ended rather abruptly at a restaurant.
Kevin expected Lauren to set her purse down on the island counter like she always used to. It drove Kevin insane but she always forgot.
To his surprise, Lauren put her purse in the coat-closet like a civilized human (at least in Kevin's eyes). She walked into the bedroom and saw a robe-clad Kevin laying in bed with a martini.
"Kevin, you started drinking again?"
"Yeah, barrels full."
"Oh."
Back then, Kevin didn't drink much, he did AA in college and tried to stay clean, but when he left Lauren the world felt different, so Kevin drank to forget then never stopped.
Lauren sat down on the side of the bed next to Kevin and took the martini from his hand. "Hey." Kevin argued, reaching for it.
"You said you wanted to talk."
"Yeah, and?"
"And you're gonna do it sober."
"Or," Kevin sat up slightly and held Lauren's hand. "you could get your own glass from the kitchen and we could do something better than talking."
"Are you kidding me? Are you freaking kidding me Kevin Price?"
"Um, no?"
"I don't want to have sex with you! I didn't want to come here in the first place but you sounded like you needed help so I came. God, Kevin if you didn't dump me, I probably would've left you within that same week."
Lauren's words came like a punch in the face to Kevin. Nobody ever dumped him because they wanted to. Sure he'd been dumped, but mostly because he cheated on somebody. "Why?"
"What?"
"Why would you have left me?"
"Kevin I'm gonna be brutally honest with you here, okay?"
Kevin nodded.
"You're an asshole, a giant fucking ball of narcissism that knows no limits. Your love for yourself goes far beyond the love you've ever felt for a woman and no girl wants that. I understand that you have issues with your mental health, I was willing to look past that, but you're such a jerk about it. You use them as excuses for your own inexcusable behavior. Also you're incredibly moody Kevin, one minute you'll be fun and a joy to be around, the next minute you act like you've got a book shoved up your ass."
When Lauren finished, she stood up. "Get help Kevin, find someone who cares and get help." Then she dropped her key into his hand and left.