
Kevin and Connor sat at a table in the back while their friends crowded around a table towards the middle of the room.
Connor filled Kevin in on how his first preview went while people filed into the venue. Mid-sentence, Connor froze and went sheet-white. "Kevin hide me." He hissed, ducking his face near Kevin's chest. "What, why?" Kevin asked.
"That's Steve over there."
"Steve? Oh! Your ex?"
"Yes, now shut-up and pretend you're sitting alone."
Steve turned around and saw a familiar head of red hair crouched down in front of the Kevin Price. "Connor?" He asked joyfully, walking over to them.
Connor sighed and looked up. "Oh, hey Steve."
"A little busy aren't you?" Steve said looking down at Connor.
Kevin's eyes widened and he shoved Connor up and away from his chest. "Uh no! Not busy! Not at all! I'm not gay!" He rambled. Steve laughed and clapped Kevin on the shoulder. "I believe you Mr. Price, you've got every hottie in New York to vouch for you!"
Kevin smoothed out his suit, which he realized was picked out Connor, and shook hands with Steve.
"I'm Steve Blade by the way."
"Oh hey I've heard of you! You're the guy that paints on people instead of paper and stuff!"
"Yes that's me, it's just a hobby though. I actually run an art gallery near Central Park."
While Kevin and Steve chatted away about pop culture fads and the stock market, Connor wandered over to Arnold's table. He sat down in one of two empty seats and rested his head on the table. Naba rubbed his back and looked at him curiously. "What's wrong Connor?"
"My ex is here."
"Rough."
"And he's becoming besties with Kevin as we speak."
Naba looked over to see a man sitting in Connor's seat and laughing at something Kevin was saying. Kevin smiled his signature "I found a friend who's great but still not as great as me" smile. "Sorry Connor, but Kevin is giving him the look."
Connor sat up at looked at Arnold. "The what?"
Arnold shrugged. "Don't ask me, she's known him way longer than us."
Naba elaborated- "Kevin is very easy to read once you figure him out. He has a lot of different tells as to how he's feeling and what he's thinking."
"Like?"
"Kevin suffers from severe OCD, whenever he's about to have a panic attack or in extremely rare cases, a complete breakdown, he'll grab at and squeeze things for support like pencils or a stress ball."
"What else?"
"He also has different looks. After knowing my boss for a year, I can understand what he's saying without him having to utter a word. I've seen Kevin judge Michael Kors' entire fall line with just three facial expressions. Michael still isn't talking to us..."
"Geez really?"
"Yup, and there's another thing about Kevin..."
"What?"
"He had a tough life, the road to where he is now wasn't easy and Kevin has a sort of 'complex' now because of that. He doesn't just want, but he needs to be better than everyone around him and he needs constant validation that he is. If someone else pulled half the crap he does I'd teach them a lesson on modesty, but Kevin has open wounds still and he just needs certain things."