
After the tree was delivered, Kevin sent his employees home for the day and brought eggnog and whiskey to his office. Together, he, Naba, James, Arnold, Connor, and Thomas decorated the new tree and drank in the Christmas spirit.
"Kevin top me off." James said woozily, waving his empty glass around. With a concerned glance, Kevin poured James his fourth glass of eggnog.
Naba and Arnold dug through a box of ornaments that Connor had brought from home and separated them based on things like size and color.
Thomas sat on the couch with James, leaving a considerable amount of room between the two of them. James looked at his boyfriend sadly, observing the blonde man's stony stare and stiff posture. Thomas was trying very hard not to seem like a couple and James had just about had it. He reached out and placed his hand on Thomas' knee.
"Not now James." Thomas hissed, shaking him off.
"Tell Kevin."
"No."
"Tell him, Thomas." James moved close to Thomas, pressing their sides together.
"I can't do it." Thomas whispered.
"Can I?"
Thomas swallowed and nodded.
James looked at Kevin who was sitting on a towel on the floor with Naba. "Kevin, can you come here?" He asked. Kevin looked over at James and stood up, joining them on the couch. "What is it?"
"We thought you should know that-"
Suddenly, Thomas broke his silence and interrupted his boyfriend. "James and I are dating!" He said loudly.
The room hushed and all eyes were on the three men seated on the couch. Kevin furrowed his brow and frowned, straightening his shirt sleeves. "For how long?" He asked.
Thomas looked shocked, but a nod from Connor gave him the strength to answer. "About a month."
"Why didn't you guys tell me?"
Again, Kevin's line of questioning was going in a much different direction than anyone had expected.
"I thought you'd be angry or disgusted."
"Me? Be disgusted?"
"Well-"
"You thought I'd have a problem with you being gay?"
"I thought you were religious." Thomas said.
"Yeah, over a decade ago. You two are my friends and I just want you to be happy, boyfriend, girlfriend, or no friend at all. Just don't let it interfere with your work." Kevin said, slapping James' thigh before getting off the couch and fixing an ornament that Connor was struggling to reach.
Thomas sat dumbstruck with a slack jaw and wide eyes. He felt a weight lifted off his shoulders and he grabbed James' face, planting a kiss on his lips.
After everyone but Connor and Kevin had gone home, Connor sat on the couch and watched Kevin rearrange every ornament on the tree into classes of size, color, material, and sentimental value. When he was done, Kevin collapsed onto the couch and rested his head in Connor's lap. "Done." He huffed.
"Actually the tree was done two hours ago."
"Well now it's done right."
Connor sighed fondly and ran his fingers through Kevin's hair, he'd always wanted to do that.
It felt stiff and slightly sticky from gel, maybe one day Connor would get a chance to feel how soft it was without product. For a few minutes, Connor lightly massaged Kevin's head in his lap.