
Kevin's front door was unlocked when Connor arrived. He walked into the kitchen and called Kevin's name.
"In here!" A voice said from the bedroom.
As Connor approached the bedroom, the smell of burning candles assaulted his nose. It was almost enough to make him gag.
Sitting in the bed, loosely wrapped in a fluffy bathrobe, was Kevin. He swirled a martini around in his hand, watching the little olive roll around the glass.
"Hi." Connor said, standing in the doorway.
"Hey."
"So this is your room, huh?" Connor gestured to the minimalistic space around them.
"Yeah."
"Um, what are you doing? It looks like the Phantom of the Opera and Better Homes and Gardens had a baby and it was your room."
Kevin glanced around at the flickering candles. "I was trying to be sexy."
"Well, I'm flattered but I've got a huge headache." Connor said jokingly.
Kevin mock-pouted. "Well darn, there goes my plans."
"Seriously though Kevin, why did you call?"
"I was lonely."
Connor filled in the blanks himself. Casanova's bedroom, the alcohol, the bathrobe, Kevin had been rejected by one of his many lady-friends.
"Y'know, Kevin, a one-night stand isn't going to help you."
"I know."
"You do?"
"I try to drown my problems in alcohol and women, but who am I kidding? I'm a mess."
Connor walked around the bed and crawled into it, sitting next to Kevin. He wrapped his arm around Kevin's shoulders and took the martini away, placing it on a nightstand. "You aren't a mess, Kevin you're a genius, how many people can drop out of college and become millionaires in the same month?"
Kevin shrugged.
"C'mon tell me."
"Not many?"
"Shit Kevin, nobody! Nobody can do that, but you did!"
Connor squeezed Kevin's shoulders. "You are amazing, okay?"
"I don't feel amazing, Connor. I feel broken."
Connor wasn't sure what to say to that, mostly because Kevin's feelings were completely valid. The man was broken, physically, mentally, emotionally, he was hurting.
"Can I tell you something?" Kevin asked.
"Of course."
"I didn't want you in the hospital room that day because I was ashamed. I tried so hard to create this image, this pedestal for me to stand on to impress you, but I had a mental breakdown and it all crumbled. I was confused because I thought you'd leave me."
"Why would you think that, Kevin?"
"Because I'm not always what people think I am and they leave me because of that. I thought you pitied me and I didn't want pity."
"Kevin I wasn't there because I pitied you, I was there because I care about you. I'm your friend Kevin, whether or not you feel the same way is irrelevant because I'm gonna be here for you regardless. I held your hand through that, and I'll do it all again in a heartbeat."
"I know."
"You know what?"