
How had Kevin not heard of 54 Below?
He thought he knew every bar, club, speakeasy, and dive in New York City but apparently he had missed one.
54 Below was what Connor called "a Broadway bar". Stage actors performed there for patrons who were dining on first-class meals and downing expensive cocktails.
When Connor and Kevin walked in, they were both greeted with a swarm of recognition and cheers. "I can get us drinks on the house." Connor said with a wink.
"How?"
Connor climbed onto the stage. "Jerry queue me up!" He shouted to a man behind the bar. Jerry gave Connor a thumbs up and played a song using a laptop on the counter. It was Connor's favorite song, "Sitting On The Dock of The Bay". Kevin didn't know how he knew that that was Connor's favorite, he just did.
When the music started, Connor sang the entire song with a huge grin on his face. Under the harsh, hot stage lights, Connor had removed his sweater. Kevin though he saw something strange, but he was distracted when Connor hit a particularly impressive note.
Before he climbed off the stage, Connor slipped his sweater back on and met Kevin at the bar while the lunch crowd roared with cheers. Jerry had two White Russians waiting for him. Connor took one of the glasses and handed the other to Kevin. "Jerry likes to make me work for my fill." He said with a laugh before taking a sip of his drink. Kevin looked over at Connor as he drank, smiling.
"Why are you staring at me?"
"I'm not."
"Yeah you were. What's up?"
"It's just that I've never heard you sing before."
"Yes you have! At the theatre!"
"Well I've heard you sing your goofy Mormon show tunes, but never a real actual song without your whole cast and stuff."
"Oh," Connor blushed. "what did you think?"
"You've got real talent kid, definitely something special."
"Thanks, and I'm older than you so I don't know what's up with 'kid'."
Kevin shrugged playfully and downed his White Russian with gusto. After they finished their drinks and a small appetizer, Kevin and Connor took a walk through the city that they both loved so much.
After being outside for an hour, Kevin noticed Connor's exposed hands turning purplish from the cold. He slipped off his gloves and handed them to Connor. "Here, you need them more than I do." He said.
"But what about your hands."
"Don't worry about me."
"But Kevin-"
"I've got pockets."
Connor hushed and slipped on the borrowed gloves, satisfied that Kevin was comfortable.
They walked around aimlessly for a little bit.
Outside the NY Public Library, Connor snuck onto one of the huge stone lions and Kevin took a picture. They got shouted at by a police officer and then  jogged to Rockefeller Center where Connor insisted on going ice skating.
Somehow Connor had managed to get ice skates on Kevin and now he was dragging him out onto the ice. "Connor I don't ice skate." Kevin grunted, trying to free himself from the smaller man's grip. His petticoat restricted his movement and Connor used that advantage to successfully get Kevin into the rink.
Kevin stumbled a few times and only fell once, but Connor caught him. "You live in New York City, how have you never done this?" Connor asked. Kevin shrugged. "I'm busy."