
Connor laughed off his passive aggressive insult. "Fair enough."
When the two men arrived in front of the Eugene O'Neil Theater, Connor led Kevin around back and through a door for employees. Upon entering the theater, Connor was bombarded with greetings and instructions. People asked him to try things on, and approve things, and read rewrites, and run-lines, it was more hectic than even the busiest days at Kevin's office. With ease and grace, Connor dealt with everyone one at a time, ensuring nobody was left out and everyone got what they needed.
After the crowd cleared, Connor shuffled Kevin into his dressing room and closed the door behind them. Connor's dressing room was small and frustratingly white. The couch was white, the makeup table was white, the door was white, everything was white.
Kevin glanced around the room. "Do you like the color white?" He asked sarcastically.
Connor shook his head. "Nope, it's boring but I've been too busy to remodel."
Kevin pulled an empty notepad out of his pocket and sat down on the couch. He started writing some of the things that had happened that day while Connor did his hair and makeup. When he finished, Connor turned around to face Kevin. "How does my makeup look?" He asked.
Add that to the list of things I never thought another man would say to me. Kevin thought, looking up.
"Exactly the same, what did you do? Where's the eyeliner and the face paint and stuff?" He asked.
"It's a musical about a bunch of dudes, Kevin, not the Cirque du Soliel." Connor said. "This makeup is just so that the audience can see my face underneath the stage lights."
Kevin made a note in his notepad about that fact, it could definitely serve to make him sound smarter in his article.
"So what is this show even about?" Kevin asked, eyeing the mostly empty costume rack and wondering what kind of musical required so little costuming.
"Mormon missionaries go to Uganda and find out that their mission is a lot more difficult than they imagined." Connor said as he began stripping out of his suit.
Kevin shielded his eyes, he was used to people getting naked in front of him for two reasons: One had to do with working with clothing models, the other one also had to do with models coincidentally, but in situations that didn't involve much "working".
"That's funny." Kevin said.
"What is?"
"Just funny how the world works, I used to observe Mormonism."
Connor's eyes brightened. "You did? I'm a Mormon too!"
"But you're gay, how can you be a Mormon and be gay?" Kevin asked.
Connor zipped up the fly on the black pants he had changed into. "Just because the church says Jesus hates me, doesn't mean I have to hate Jesus."
"Yeah, but how can you be a religion that preaches against your lifestyle?" Kevin pried, he was getting into the stuff that would definitely make his article sell.
Connor shrugged. "I don't let it bother me, I turn it off."
Before Kevin could ask another question, the intercom on the wall crackled to life. "Connor we're in places for 'Hello'." The voice said. Connor pinned on a name tag that identified him as a missionary and put on a black tie.
On his way out of the room, Connor turned to Kevin. "You can come watch if you want." He said. Kevin stood up. "Hey there's a vest on my makeup table can you grab it?" Connor asked.