
At the office, Naba swept Kevin away to meet with Arnold and Thomas, leaving Connor alone in the office.
"Kevin, is he wearing your shirt?" Naba asked as they walked.
"Uh, yeah. Yeah, he is."
"Fun night?"
"No, Nabulungi. I let him borrow it because he didn't have anything else to wear."
"Wow, I'm surprised."
"At?"
"You. I've never seen you let anyone borrow your stuff, like, ever."
"Just because I'm a prime specimen of chronic OCD, doesn't mean I'm not about that 'sharing is caring' life."
"Speaking of OCD, your therapist called. Don't forget about your appointment at three."
Kevin made a mental note to remember his appointment.
In Arnold and Thomas' shared office, they waited for Kevin to arrive. Naba held the door for her boss then followed with her note-taking supplies (i.e. Kevin's preferred blue ballpoint pen and college ruled paper).
An attractive man of average height stood in the corner of the office with his arms crossed, leaning against a wall. He had smoldering olive-green eyes and dark brown hair that almost looked black. The man also wore a dapper black suit and a pin-striped navy blue tie, his fitted suit jacket and pants accentuated a well-toned body that obviously took a lot of work to build up and maintain.
When Kevin arrived he shook hands with the man. "And you are?"
"James Church, graphic designer and publicity expert." The man said.
"He's the best of the best, Mr. Price. We hired him to help promote the Broadway piece." Thomas chimed in.
"Thomas, it's not 'The Broadway Piece', first and foremost, this is still the Christmas issue and the rest of the magazine has to be just as good as the featured article."
Arnold gave Kevin a salute. "Duly noted, Your Editorial-ness."
"Arnold, I will fire you."
"Yes, Mr. Price."
James Church interrupted Arnold's public flogging by opening up his leather briefcase and handing Kevin some papers. "Just some thoughts on the cover, Sir." He said.
Kevin took the papers and looked through them. One note in particular caught his eye. "You think I should be on the cover?" He asked.
"Yes, I think that will return a large approval rate from the public, considering your fanbase."
When James spoke, everyone in the room hung onto his every word, everyone except Kevin, who found him annoying. In the hiring process, Kevin had noticed that he involuntary hired men who were less attractive than he, himself was. James' presence was throwing the whole food chain out of whack.
"Good idea. Naba, show James to an office and then take him down to the art department." Kevin said icily.
Naba jumped up and grabbed James' arm. "Gladly, Mr. Price!" She escorted James away happily, much to Arnold's dismay.
"Cunningham, are you interested in Naba?" Kevin asked once his assistant had gone.
Arnold blushed and adjusted his glasses. "Me and her? No! I wish, but she's so, and I'm so."
Kevin patted Arnold on the back reassuringly. "I happen to know that Ms. Hatimbi is on the market, pal. I also know that men like me and James aren't her type. Try your luck Arnold, see where it gets you."