
Kevin Price sat in his office with his feet propped up on his desk. Taking his feet down, he began to spin slowly around in his office chair, observing New York City through the 360 degree window that spanned the length of his round office. A buzzing sound came from a phone on his desk and a little red light next to the name "Nabulungi" lit up. Kevin rolled over to his desk and took her call. "Talk to me." He said into the receiver.
"Mr. Price there's a woman here to see you."
"Oh I'm intrigued."
"She says she knows you."
"Ugh never mind then, send her away."
"How do you propose I do that sir?"
"Tell her I died or something, I don't know. Nabulungi you're my personal assistant it's your job to handle these things!"
"Screw you, Kevin."
"Tsk tsk Naba, think of your Christmas bonus."
Naba hung up the phone and Kevin hung up on his end. He sighed softly and started to spin around again.
A few hours later, two men dressed in matching gray pinstripe suits barged into Kevin's office, interrupting a very important cat video. Naba followed them in and handed her boss a slip of paper. "Your two o'clock is here." She said.
Kevin observed the men setting up display boards in front of his desk. "Yep, I noticed."
Naba left the room, closing the double doors behind her on her way out.
When the two men were ready to give their presentation, Kevin grabbed a remote off of his desk and pressed a button on it. The giant window fogged up until it looked like the room had shiny black walls; the fluorescent lights now casted their harsh glow on the office's occupants.
"Hello Mr. Price! We'd like to share with you the most amazing concept!" One of the men said in a highly scripted-sounding tone. Kevin put his feet up on his desk again and clasped his hands together over his chest.
"I'm all ears, gentleman." He said.
One of the men pulled a laser pointer out of his pocket and began using it to guide his presentation. "Greetings Mr. Price, my name is Arnold Cunningham and this is my partner Thomas, but we all call him Poptarts!" When Arnold finished introducing his partner he looked at Kevin expectantly, waiting for a laugh.
Kevin crossed his arms and stared at them. "Yeah, I won't be calling him that." He said.
Arnold began to stutter but Thomas picked up his slack. "We'd like to present to you our new publicity idea. It's a foolproof way to maximize the reads on your next issue."
Back in the game again, Arnold took the reigns from Thomas and continued: "Your biggest issue every year is the Christmas edition. The lighting designs, the snippy editorials, the letters to Santa written by celebrity children, there's no doubt that this edition is always a show-stopper but we have an idea to make it even bigger this year."
Kevin nodded his head in approval and Arnold continued with a smile.
"We'd like to present to you, 'The Kevin Price Project'!" He exclaimed.
Thomas stepped forward and began outlining the idea. "It's no doubt that the life blood of this magazine is you, sir. The public loves you and your extravagant lifestyle, so what if you were to personally author an article for the biggest issue of the year?"
Kevin thought about their idea for a moment, before he had dropped out of college to start his magazine, Kevin was majoring in journalism. "What would I write about?" Kevin asked, interested.