
[This chapter has a trigger warning]
Kevin pulled Connor into his private bathroom where he wiped the tears from the other man's face and held him in his arms. Connor cried violently into Kevin's chest and shook as sobs racked his body. When he calmed down slightly, Kevin turned to the sink and washed Steve's dried blood off of his knuckles.
He winced as he rinsed his hands. "I think I broke one of my fingers." He grunted, reflecting on how hard and how many times he had hit Steve. Connor dropped his head into his hands. "This is all my fault." He whimpered.
"Connor, no. None of this is your fault. My hand, Steve hitting you, the fight, nothing. Do you hear hear me? None of it."
"But- but he wouldn't have hit me if I-"
"No Connor! I don't care what you did, Steve shouldn't have hurt you."
"I found out that he was cheating on Brianne with me. You remember her, from the previews party?" Connor asked softly.
"Yes Connor, I remember her. He was still with her?"
Connor nodded. "Yes, and I asked him about it and he got mad. He roughed me up a little bit and I got upset and yelled at him not to touch me, but that only made him angrier. He pushed me and I slammed up against a wall, then he hit me a few times. I blocked him as best I could, hence the arm bruises."
"How many times is a few?" Kevin asked.
"Not many."
"Connor."
"Ten, maybe twelve times."
Kevin turned around to face the wall and dropped his head against it. Connor inched forward and touched Kevin's shoulder blade. "A-are you okay?"
Kevin spun around, his face was red and hot tears streamed down his cheeks. "No Connor! You don't deserve this! You- you- you're kind and caring and you have more patience than anyone I've ever met and Steve just hurt you for no reason!" Kevin wiped away his own tears before doing the same for Connor. "Stop crying Con." He said, pulling him back towards his chest.
After a few minutes, Connor looked up at Kevin. "You could've killed him."
"I would have if James didn't stop me."
"Why did you do that for me? I thought you said we were just co-workers."
Kevin thought back to that outburst in his office that seemed so long ago. "No, we're not just co-workers Connor. You're my best friend."
Connor nuzzled his head back into Kevin's shoulder and Kevin rubbed up and down his back.
"Let's go tape up your finger Kev." Connor said, grabbing Kevin's hand. It was covered in blood. "I thought you washed Steve's blood off."
Kevin looked at his hand. "I did."
"Then this is your's Kevin, I think you might've busted your knuckle. We've gotta take you to the hospital."
Connor drove to the hospital in Kevin's beloved car, Kevin had wrapped his right hand in an entire roll of paper towels to keep blood off the car upholstery.
The entire drive, neither man spoke. Connor stared dead-on at the road and Kevin closed his eyes replaying the fight in his mind. He didn't realize that he had a smug smile on his face.
"Why are you smiling?" Connor asked, glancing over at Kevin.
"That was the first time I've ever punched someone in the face."
"Congratulations?"