
"I gave up Mormonism, and religion as a whole, a long time ago."
Connor sighed but shrugged. "Okay, fair enough."
"If you still want to know about me, I can give you a full tour of my, quote-on-quote, 'shallow' self."
"Have at it."
"The two things that matter most in my life are my magazine and..." Kevin trailed off.
"And?"
"I don't know, I thought I had something to say but I guess not."
After coffee, Connor tried to hail a cab to no avail. The streets were barren.
"Oh well, guess I'm walking home." He sighed.
Kevin stopped Connor by grabbing his shoulder. "No way are you walking alone in New York City at three a.m."
"I'm twenty-five, Kevin. I'm a big boy."
"You couldn't throw a punch to save you life, Connor. It's not hard to tell. Stay at my place until the cabs start running again."
"Fine, if it helps you sleep better."
Kevin and Connor walked the two blocks to Kevin's place and took the elevator to his home wearily.
"Can I crash on the couch?" Connor asked.
"Need to borrow pajamas?" Kevin asked.
Connor nodded.
In his bedroom, Kevin found it extremely difficult to choose a shirt for Connor. To alleviate the stress, he grabbed a button down from his laundry basket and gave it to Connor.
Connor took his shirt off and put on the fresh one from Kevin before collapsing face-first onto the couch and passing out. Kevin smirked at Connor's exhaustion.
Kevin had been at parties that had lasted much later than this.
In the kitchen, he poured himself a glass of wine and went to his bedroom. Kevin climbed into bed with his wine and sipped it slowly as he stared at the wall in front of him.
The bed felt emptier than usual.
Damn I wish Connor wasn't here. Kevin thought, wishing he could call up one of the twelve Ashleys he had in his contact list.
At five a.m. Kevin was still awake and had gone through three more glasses of wine. He got up and went into the living room. He pushed Connor's feet aside and sat on the couch then he turned on the TV. After muting the volumes and activating subtitles, Kevin channel surfed until Connor woke up at six.
"Connor it's six, go back to sleep." Kevin said.
"Nah I've been getting up at six since my missionary days." Connor said groggily.
A bright smile grew on Kevin's face out of pure joy at learning this fact about Connor. "You went on a mission?" He asked, stifling a laugh.
"Yup, I left a nineteen year-old boy and came back a twenty-one year-old man."
"Where to?"
"Uganda."
"Hey, like your musical!"
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure that helped me get the part."
"How was your mission?"
"Best two years of my life." Connor said. That phrase was a popular joke amongst Mormon missionaries at Brigham Young University where many young Mormons attended school.