
"Thanks. It was pretty much just like the movies, except it hurt like hell."
"Well I'm sorry you were disappointed, but I appreciate it anyway." Connor said, trying to smile. Kevin used his uninjured left hand to reach out and smooth back Connor's hair. He kept his hand at the base of Connor's hairline, by his neck, and stroked the back of his head with his thumb. Connor leaned into the touch; the car swerved slightly and he jerked his attention back to the road.
Kevin didn't take his hand away. "Kevin, you're distracting me." Connor said in a strained voice.
"Sorry." Kevin lifted his hand, but Connor looked at him sharply. "I didn't say move it."
Kevin laughed and took his hand back, adjusting the paper towel cast he had made.
At the hospital, Kevin sat in the waiting room while Connor got him a doctor. He walked up to the reception desk.
"Connor McKinley!" The man behind the desk exclaimed. Connor smiled at the man. "Hey Gerold, I need to check Kevin in."
"Is he okay, has he had another attack?"
"No, he busted his knuckle beating up my boyfriend."
"Um, okay. Well here's the forms..."
While Gerold and Connor talked and handled paperwork, Kevin's mental health doctor spotted him in the waiting room and sat down next to him.
"How are you Kevin?" She asked.
"Mentally I'm great, physically, I've got a potentially broken hand." Kevin replied.
"How'd you do that?"
"I tried to strangle somebody."
"That doesn't seem mentally 'fine', Kevin."
"No, it felt great. I got a lot of feelings out and I got to help a friend."
"Is this the same friend that Dr. Green has been emailing me about?"
"Connor? Yeah. His boyfriend got physical with him and I kind off... lost it."
"And Kevin, why do you think that is? What could've caused you to react so intensely?"
Kevin shrugged. "I care about Connor, the thought of somebody hurting him sent me off the deep-end I guess."
Kevin's doctor nodded and patted his knee before standing up. "I want you to go see Dr. Green tomorrow. Take care Kevin." Then she left.
Connor returned to the waiting area and led Kevin to an empty hospital room. According to the doctor, Kevin had indeed busted his knuckle and broken his hand. He got an x-Ray and then a cast.
"What color cast do you want?" The doctor asked.
Connor snatched the list of colors away from Kevin. "Oh, get purple."
"Why purple?"
"It matches your eyes."
Kevin shrugged and requested purple. The doctor nodded, taking back his list and leaving the room.
"You should see if you can get someone to look at your arms." He said, glancing at Connor's bruises. Connor stood up and agreed, leaving Kevin alone.
He had no intention of talking to any doctors about his arms, no, Connor had a different, more personal, objective.
After peering into all the rooms up and down the hall, Connor successfully located the one he was looking for.
Steve Blade was lying in a bed with his face stitched up and and swollen.