
From the wings, Kevin watched Connor and his cast-mates sing a song about going door to door and getting placements, then he watched rehearsals for a tap number.
The tap number accompanied a song called "Turn it Off" and the vests the dancers wore were definitely a fashion-don't.
When Connor came off stage in his vest the glittering sequins almost blinded Kevin.
Connor's face was shiny and sweaty, his makeup beaded in peach-colored droplets across his brow. Kevin felt an itching in his hand that he couldn't ignore, reaching out, he wiped the tarnished makeup off of Connor's face with his thumb.
"Um Kevin, what are you doing?" Connor asked as Kevin stared intently at his face and wiped away the smudged foundation.
"It was bothering me, sorry. Why are you so sweaty?"
"I'm in a pair of Mormon-undergarments, a shirt, a vest, and suit pants under over two-hundred heated stage lights." Connor said woefully.
Kevin laughed at his misfortune. "That sucks pal."
"Pal?" Connor asked with a small smile.
"Yeah, sure. I guess we're... pals."
"Nice, I like that." Connor said.
A stagehand came up behind Connor, looking flustered. "Connor, Trey is here." He choked out.
Connor's eyes widened. "What why!?" He exclaimed.
"I don't know! He wants to talk to you, now."
"Kev, I've got to go. I'll see you tomorrow, okay?" Connor said.
Kevin nodded and showed himself out, leaving Connor to handle this "Trey".
Kevin returned home at six o'clock. He walked into his bedroom and saw Nina sprawled across his bed in his fluffy white bathrobe. She spoke on the phone in Spanish and from her tone Kevin could tell she was gossiping.
Nina didn't notice her boss enter his room and she continued her conversation. With a sigh, Kevin dropped his suit jacket on the floor by the door and walked into the bathroom. He took a long, cold shower and brushed his teeth. When Kevin left the bathroom, Nina was gone.
Kevin considered putting his robe on, but he tossed it into the laundry instead. He put on a pair of flannel pants and a Paris Fashion Week t-shirt.
A robotic female voice echoed through Kevin's house. "Kevin, you have... three messages." It said.
"Play all." Kevin said into a PA system on the wall.
"Message One:" The machine said.
"Hey Kevin, it's Naba. Just reminding you that the New Yorkie show is the day after tomorrow and you need a date. Let me know if you need me to hire someone again. I hope your day with Connor went well. Bye."
"Message Two:"
"Mr. Price? Hi it's Thomas. Just calling to see how it went on Broadway today. Call me back."
"Final Message:"
"Kevin, it's Naba again. Don't forget about the No-Shave November Party next Saturday. The press is gonna be there so please actually try this year."
Kevin sighed and rubbed his hand across his smooth, clean shaven jaw. Growing a nice clean beard took a lot of attentiveness that he didn't feel like giving, but last year he had pissed Naba off by showing up to the party with only some light stubble and he had promised her that this year would be different.
In the living room, Kevin's TV switched itself on to TLC just like it did every night at eight. The "Say Yes to the Dress" opening sequence lit up the screen and Kevin settled on the couch with a cup of coffee to watch his favorite show.