
"What are these?"
"Kevin's latest idea, he calls them 'Price Points'."
Connor picked up a Popsicle stick that was sitting in a tin cup on Naba's desk. Glued onto the stick was cutout of Kevin's face.
"Every time we do something Kevin likes, he rewards us with one of those." Naba explained.
Connor put the stick back in the silver cup. "If I bring stickers tomorrow, can I decorate your cup thingy?" He asked. Naba nodded.
"Do you get a raise or something for collecting these?" Connor asked.
Naba rolled her eyes. "Turn it over."
Connor picked a stick out of the cup and flipped it over to its backside. Written across the wood in neat, calculated handwriting was a note from the creator himself.
Price Points carry no monetary value and cannot be exchanged for U.S. currency. Fifty Price Points can earn you one handshake from Kevin, B.Y.O.H.S.
"B.Y.O.H.S.?" Connor asked.
"Bring your own hand sanitizer." Naba elaborated.
Just then, Thomas walked into the office with a paper plate in his hand. On the plate were two freshly toasted Poptarts. James followed him.
"Nabulungi is Mr. Price here yet?" James asked.
Naba shook her head.
James placed his hand low on Thomas' waist for a half-second before giving him a small smile and walking off to the art department.
"Connor can I run over some stuff with you for the article?" Thomas asked.
"That's why I'm here." Connor said, following Thomas to his and Arnold's office. Arnold was out that day with a bad cold so Connor appropriated his desk.
On Thomas' desk were two tin cups, filled with Price Points.
"Geez, that'll get you a ton of handshakes." Connor commented.
Thomas looked at his points proudly. "I know, lucky me." He said with a fondness that could only by described as hero worship.
Connor grabbed a rubber band out of a dish on Arnold's desk and began winding it around his fingers. "So what did you want to talk about?"
Thomas sat at his desk and began setting up for the day, logging into his computer, opening up folders, and doing general office-type things. "Would you be interested in co-authoring the article along with Kevin?"
Connor furrowed his brow worriedly. "Sure, but would Kevin be okay with it?"
"Okay with what?"
"Sharing."
"I'm not going to propose it to him like that, I'm going to make it seem like your writing is their to compliment his own."
"I bet he'll take that hook, line, and sinker." Connor said, high-fiving Thomas.
Thomas took a bite of his breakfast, which consisted of two unfrosted strawberry Poptarts.
"So..." Connor started. "You and James?"
Thomas' face flushed with embarrassment and he smiled brightly, albeit involuntarily. "Yeah."
"How long has that been going on?"
"Since James pressed me up against a bathroom door and made out with me at your party."
Connor winked at Thomas. "Glad I could help with that." He said cheekily.