
"What's up with you?" Kevin asked, opening up his refrigerator and pulling out a carton of eggs.
"Nothing, are you gonna cook?"
"That was the plan, unless you want to?"
Connor shook his head and watched Kevin put butter in a pan and set it on the stove to heat up and melt. Water still dripped off of Kevin and Connor shamelessly enjoyed the view as it dripped down his back muscles.
After the pan was set up, Kevin returned to his room to get dressed and Connor grabbed his overnight bag and did the same in the other bathroom.
In the bathroom Connor noticed a light blush on his cheeks and a slight tightness in a lower area. "Oh my god." He said gently. "Do I have a crush on Kevin?" Connor thought back to all of the reasons why he could possibly have feelings for Kevin Price. His vulnerability, his humor, his body, his caring... no.
I'm in a bad place right now, I lost Steve and I'm lonely. I don't have a crush on Kevin, I'm just lonely.
Kevin returned to the kitchen fully dressed in a dark gray suit and a purple tie. He cracked some eggs into the pan and jiggled it around over the heat. "So I've got that press conference later, you should come."
"You're still doing that?"
"Yeah, why wouldn't I?"
"I mean, you are a public figure and you did beat up another public figure in front of like, twenty people."
"You remember my girlfriend Brooklyn right?"
"Yeah."
"She's a public relations genius, within a day she had it all swept under the carpet. Nobody cares anymore."
"Wow, good for her. And you, of course."
Connor sat across from Kevin at the table. Kevin brought him his plate before sitting down with his own. "Are you sure you're okay Con?"
"Yeah, I just feel a little lonely I guess."
"Oh, go on a date. I'm sure you've got plenty of admirers."
"Not likely Kevin."
"What!? Of course! You can sing, you can dance, you've got nice hair, how can you not have boys falling at your feet?" Kevin said jokingly in over-exaggerated disbelief.
"I don't know, what man could resist all of this?" Connor gestured to his small frame and Kevin laughed.
They finished their breakfast silently, too occupied with the food to speak. As Connor was putting the dishes in the dishwasher he looked over at Kevin who was sitting at the table texting somebody. "I saw that drawing you did of me." He said casually.
"You did?"
"Yeah, it was great Kevin. You're really good."
"Thanks, sorry if it was a little creepy. I was in a drawing mood and you looked so happy-"
"Kevin, you don't have to explain yourself. I thought it was really cool."
Connor and Kevin parted ways after breakfast, Kevin heading to his press conference and Connor to a preview.
When Kevin walked into the office, Thomas handed him an earpiece and went over all the code words with him in case of an emergency. Arnold gave Kevin a quick pep-talk before James nudged him onto the stage.
Kevin walked up to the podium in front of thirty-or-so reporters and gave the rehearsed opening speech that he and Thomas had written.