
A man's voice took over. "I saw that kid in previews last week and let me tell you, he's got that special something. McKinley tore the roof off the place and I left feeling like I'd gotten way more than my money's worth."
"He's also been the subject of Kevin Price's new article for his fashion magazine. Did you read that Jake?"
"I haven't gotten my hands on a copy yet, they were sold out everywhere I checked."
"Well you're missing out! No spoilers, but I've never read something so good in my life. Kevin has a real gift with words and Connor makes an excellent tour guide."
"The paparazzi has been obsessed with these two lately. Heck, they almost qualify as a power couple!"
"I'd put them right up there with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler on the celebrity besties ranking."
Eventually the hosts began chattering about something else and Connor turned off the radio. "I want to go to Florida with you." He said suddenly.
Kevin tightened his grip on the steering wheel and looked over at Connor. "You do?"
"Yeah, now eyes on the road. Watch out for black ice."
Kevin smirked and swerved the car on the empty country road, knocking Connor around in his seat a bit. The redhead gripped the roof handle with white knuckles. "I hate you so much Kevin." He gasped.
"No you don't." Kevin laughed.
When they arrived at the tree farm, Connor got an axe from one of the owners and set off with Kevin into the endless rows of pine trees. They separated and walked through the snowdrifts.
Kevin trudged along, hands in his pockets, looking up at the towering trees around him. They'd decided that since they where heading to Florida, they wouldn't need personal trees but they could still buy one for the office.
"Kevin! I found it!" Connor shouted from a few yards away.
Avoiding touching anything that resembled a pine needle, Kevin made his way over to Connor, who stood in front of a tall thick pine. "This is it! I want this one!" Connor exclaimed like an excited child. Kevin put his hands on his hips and took a few steps back to take in the tree's full glory.
"This tree is huge Connor."
Connor jumped up and down excitedly. "I know right!?"
"How the heck are we gonna get this back to the city?"
"Can we put it on the roof of your car?"
"Connor, my car costs more than your apartment."
"That's a no?"
"Yes."
"It's a yes?"
"No. Yes it's a no."
"Oh."
Connor talked to the farm's manager and learned that they delivered the trees. Having resolved his problem, Connor was ready to start chopping down his tree.
"Connor have you ever cut a tree down before?" Kevin asked.
Connor slipped his gloves off and gripped the axe handle tightly, gearing up to swing. "Nope, but how hard could it be?"
"Pretty hard." Kevin said, crossing his arms.
In a wide swing, Connor connected the axe with the tree trunk. The impact was harder than he expected and his entire body jolted. "It didn't even cut." Connor observed, picking at a tiny scratch on the trunk.