
The first thing Thomas had scheduled was the interview on Good Morning America.
Backstage, Connor had horrible jitters and he looked paler than usual. Kevin noticed his friend's unease and straightened the other man's bow tie. Connor wore a light blue bow tie to match Kevin's normal tie of the same color.
"What's wrong Connor?"
"I'm really nervous, I love this show and now I'm going to be on it. This is like a weird dream or something."
"Don't be nervous."
"Wow thanks Kev, you should drop publishing and become a therapist!" Connor exclaimed sarcastically. Kevin grabbed Connor in a hug, pressing their bodies close together. To Kevin the hugs were purely friendly and meant to show affection to someone he cared about, to Connor they were a bit like teasing.
Ever since the incident with Steve, Connor had noticed that Kevin literally couldn't keep his hands off of him. When they sat together Kevin would sit close or place a hand on Connor's thigh or shoulder, when they walked Kevin would stand so that their arms brushed or he would wrap an arm around Connor. Kevin's therapist, Dr. Green, had taken Connor as a patient per Kevin's recommendation and his opinion on the matter was that Kevin felt a duty to protect Connor after what had happened with Steve.
Dr. Green said the touching was Kevin's way of anchoring himself and convincing himself that Connor was safe. It was purely psychological and Kevin probably didn't even realize he was doing it most of the time. Connor preferred to believe that Kevin simply liked touching him, but the doctor assured him that wasn't the case.
A man with a baseball cap and headphones on poked his head into the green room. "Let's go gentleman you're on after this commercial break." He said.
Kevin took Connor's hand and squeezed it. "You've got this, there's a studio audience so just pretend you're on your stage."
Connor nodded nervously.
They stood off-camera and waited for their introduction from Amy Robach.
Amy tossed her golden hair behind her shoulder and put on a smile as her crew counted her in. When she received a thumbs-up she began to speak. "Hello I'm Amy Robach, and this is Good Morning America! Today we have two special guests, magazine mogul and NYC's most eligible bachelor Kevin Price and Connor McKinley, Broadway star and the subject of a daring new magazine expose."
The crew waved to Kevin and Connor and they stepped onto the set with bright smiles. Connor waved shyly to the studio audience on his way to the famous couch. Kevin sat next to Amy and Connor sat at the end. "Welcome gentleman!" Amy said.
"Thanks Amy, it's great to be back here." Kevin said, remembering a few years ago when he appeared on the show as a celebrity guest for a charity broadcast.
"That's right! You've been here before Kevin! It's Connor who's new." Amy reached over Kevin's lap and shook hands with Connor. "It's great to meet you, I saw your show in previews and I can't wait to see you bring down the house on opening night."
Connor blushed. "Thanks so much, I hope I don't disappoint."
The audience "awwed" at Connor's bright red cheeks and Kevin looked at the man sitting next to him fondly. He patted Connor's shoulder and smiled.
Amy asked her guests about traditional talk show things like what they were buying people for Christmas, where their favorite spots in the city were, and if they had any embarrassing stories.
"So are either of you gentlemen seeing anyone currently?"
Kevin perked up and began gushing about Brooklyn, he went on and on. When Amy looked to Connor, he simply said: "I'm fresh out of a relationship." His tone of voice deterred Amy from asking any further questions about the subject.