
"Connor I'm in my pajamas and it's the wee hours. I'm not buying street food."
"Get changed, I know a food truck that's open all night."
For some reason, Kevin found himself incapable of doing anything but what Connor requested. He swapped his flannel pajama pants and slippers for fitted jeans and Adidas sneakers then joined Connor in the hall.
As they rode in the elevator Kevin spoke. "How did you find out where I live?" He asked.
"An angry girl who I work with named Bethany told me. She asked me to egg your front door too."
"Oh Bethany. I remember her." Kevin shuddered at the thought of the angry blonde. "You aren't going to egg my door, right?"
"Do you see any eggs?"
"Good point."
The elevator doors opened and Kevin followed Connor out onto the street. They walked six blocks on an icy sidewalk. Connor turned and headed behind a bohemian clothing store who's window display made Kevin want to weep for fashion.
Tucked behind the store was a food truck with its lights off.
Connor banged on the side of the truck. "Marcus! Get up, I need some food buddy!" He shouted.
"I thought you said they were open." Kevin hissed, feeling awkward.
"They're always open for me."
Marcus popped up behind the counter. He was greasy and pudgy, there were signs of sleep all over his face. When he saw Connor, the man brightened up immediately.
"Connor, ol' boy! I haven't seen you for weeks! How's that boyfriend of yours? Stanley?"
"Steve, and we broke up but that's not important. My friend Kevin and I desperately need some good American mystery meat." Connor said.
Marcus smiled. "The usual?"
"You know it."
Five minutes later, Marcus produced two sets of hamburger buns stuffed with an unholy-looking substance that kind of resembled meat. Connor and Kevin sat down at a picnic table, Marcus joined them.
Kevin stared at his sandwich suspiciously. He could've sworn something in it moved.
Marcus joined the two men at the table. He eyed Kevin with a burning intensity.
"Listen here kid, you be good to Connor. I tell ya he's the best fellow a man of your 'lifestyle' could hope to get." He said.
Kevin dropped his sandwich onto the table. "No! No, no, no, no, no, no. No."
Connor laughed. "Nah Marcus, Kevin and I are working together that's all. It's too early for me anyway, the Steve-thing is still fresh." He said to his large friend.
"Oh I see! So you're not gay then?" Marcus asked Kevin.
"Nope, I love women, women love me." Kevin said smugly, feeling his usual coolness returning as the vodka's effects began to fade away.
"Dad?" A voice said from inside the foodtruck.
A twenty-something girl with long black hair and a pretty face stepped out of the truck in her pajamas. "Anna! Look who's here, it's Connor!" Marcus exclaimed.
Connor leaned across the table to explain the newcomer to Kevin. "That's Anna, Marcus' daughter." He said.
Kevin couldn't take his eyes off Anna, something about her was incredibly familiar, but he couldn't place it. She lifted up her arms to stretch and Kevin caught a glimpse of an anchor tattooed onto her wrist.