
"I've never seen him have an attack of this caliber before, but he'll be fine most likely."
"Most likely?"
"Kevin wasn't breathing when he got here, that's why he's in the ICU. A loss of air can negatively affect the brain."
Connor felt his stomach churn and groan. "Oh my god." He said slowly.
"We've seen cases that result in permanent memory loss or brain damage."
Connor got up and stumbled to the trashcan where he proceeded to empty the contents of his stomach. When he was finished, the doctor helped him back to his chair. "I'm sorry Sir, but Kevin has a lot of issues that aren't healing because he simply isn't letting them."
"What does he need to do?"
"Kevin needs to slow down and take care of himself. He needs more sleep, less alcohol, and healthy, stable relationships."
Connor nodded and shivered. The room suddenly felt very small and the foul taste in his mouth wasn't helping any.
Every bad, hopeless, worst-case-scenario thought possible swirled in his head and he found himself in tears. Connor wasn't quite sure why he was so moved by Kevin's struggle, but the waterworks were on and there was no stopping them. He held Kevin's hand up to his cheek and cried loudly.
Naba and James returned, Arnold went home, he was too scared of going near Kevin again. The three of them sat together for awhile.
At seven o'clock, Nabulungi had to leave because of a prior promise to drive someone to the airport. James stayed with Connor all night.
At one in the morning, Thomas arrived with coffee that Connor politely declined. James was reluctant to show any affection to Thomas at first, but he calmed down when Thomas informed him that Connor knew about their secret courtship.
At five in the morning, James had fallen asleep on the couch with his smaller boyfriend sleeping on top of his chest. Connor remained awake, watching Kevin.
An hour later, Connor went home, showered, and slept until four p.m. before returning to the hospital. This time he brought an overnight bag.
"Why is he still not doing anything?" Connor asked one of the nurses.
The man checked Kevin's monitor. "He's sleeping right now, probably has been for awhile." He said.
"Why is he sleeping so much? Kevin always wakes up early, or at least tries to."
"He's exhausted, a mental breakdown is an extremely tiring experience."
Connor stood up, slowly. "Mental breakdown? Tha-that's not what his doctor said. She said-"
The nurse handed Connor his clipboard. "Upon monitoring him further, our diagnoses has changed. I'm sorry."
When the nurse left, Connor pulled his laptop out of his bag and began researching mental breakdowns.
Words like "burnout", "overwork", "depravation", and "stressors" gave Connor a horrible tightness in his chest.
"Oh god." He said, reaching for the sleeping man's hand. Connor nearly jumped up in shock when he felt Kevin tighten his grip on his hand.
"Kevin, are you awake?" He asked.
No response.
The deafening silence from Kevin was killing Connor, he didn't think he could bear it much longer. "When you wake up, Kevin, because you will, soon, I'll be right here. I'll help you and you'll get better. We'll fix your life so this doesn't happen to you anymore, okay?"