
When he stepped out of the stall, Connor was greeted by James and Thomas making out by the sink. "Get a room you guys." He grumbled.
James lifted his head up and looked at Connor. "I never get to see this idiot outside of work, cut us a little slack."
"Sorry guys, I'm just not doing so hot right now. Um, carry on." As Connor turned to leave, Thomas pulled out of James' tight grip and grabbed Connor by the collar. "What's wrong Connor?" He asked.
James' green eyes sparked with something unfamiliar. "Is it Steve?"
Thomas elbowed James in the chest and tossed him a stern look.
"Yeah kind of, it's probably my fault though."
James snorted. "Hmph, I doubt that." He got elbowed again.
"What happened Connor?" Thomas' voice seemed genuinely concerned.
"I just- I wish I had what you two have. You guys care about each other and you're affectionate, I don't have that with anybody."
"But you have Steve."
"Steve doesn't let me sit on his lap, or play with his hair, or take me to dinners. Steve likes to show me off and have sex."
Both Thomas and James advised that Connor break up with Steve Blade, but he just couldn't see himself doing that. No matter how bad things were or how unhappy he was, Connor felt like he needed Steve for some reason.
Before Steve was hired, Connor was so sure that he was over him. He went on dates, kissed other guys, he was moving on from a bad relationship, then Steve came back and set up shop right where Connor felt safest and happiest, with his new friends.
Naba noticed Connor heading back into Kevin's office from her desk and waved him over. "He went home for a minute, Sweetie." She said.
Connor walked up to Naba's desk and ran his fingers through his hair. "Why?"
"He said that he was almost positive that he left the kitchen sink on, odds are he didn't though."
"That's not good. Is he getting worse?"
"No, Kevin seems to be mellowing out more and more these days. Every now and then he just has a little tick."
Connor nodded and breathed a sigh of relief. One thing he had learned was that Nabulunigi was usually right.