
Connor was on a date when he got the call. Mid-conversation with an extremely attractive gentleman, his phone rang.
He answered the call and James recounted the events to him, finally informing Connor that Kevin was in the hospital.
"I've got to go." Connor said quickly, getting up and leaving his date behind. Hailing a cab was too difficult during rush hour, so Connor ended up running all the way to Lenox Hill Hospital on 77th.
When he arrived, sweaty and panting, Connor approached the front desk. "I-I need to s-see Kevin Price." He said weakly. James hadn't explained in much detail why Kevin was in the hospital and Connor's head spun with worry.
"Name?"
"C-Connor M-McKinley."
"Alright Mr. McKinley you're on the friends and family list so I'll let you in." The receptionist said, handing Connor a guest badge.
"Where is he?" Connor asked, regaining his breath.
The receptionist checked a clipboard and looked up at Connor, "Mr. Price is the the psych ward of the ICU." He said.
Connor's heart stopped. The psych ward? The ICU? He felt like vomiting but he swallowed hard and made his way to Kevin's room.
The sight of Kevin was enough to break someone's heart. He was handcuffed to his bed and he had a respirator over his mouth. Kevin's usually bouncy and exciting hair was flat and drenched in sweat. He looked pale and tired.
On the nightstand next to Kevin was a note from Naba to Connor.
Connor,James, Arnold, and I went to the cafeteria to get something to eat. If we aren't there when you arrive, sit near Kevin and just talk to him. The doctor says he can hear us.~Naba
With shaking hands, Connor pulled a chair over to Kevin's bedside and collapsed into it.
"Hey Kevin. I'm not really sure what happened, but I'm here for you pal, okay? Naba says you can hear stuff which is pretty cool I guess. I was on a date before but it wasn't going well, he wasn't my type, so um, thanks for getting me out of that."
Kevin didn't stir and Connor felt like he was talking to himself. He reached out and took Kevin's hand, Kevin twitched slightly but nothing else happened. Connor picked up a clipboard attached to the hospital bed and flipped through it with his free hand.
According to the doctor's notes, Kevin had had a full blown anxiety attack and suffered severe hyperventilation and confusion. Underneath the diagnoses was a list of possible catalysts for the attack. Kevin's OCD and stress where the top two contenders.
A young woman in a doctor's coat walked into the room. She saw Connor holding Kevin's hand and stopped in her tracks. "How are you doing that?" She asked.
"Doing what?"
"Holding Mr. Price's hand, how are you doing that?"
"I don't understand what you're asking me, ma'am."
"I've been treating Kevin Price for six years. I've seen him in here twelve times for anxiety attacks, and not once in all that time has he ever let somebody touch him. That's why he's handcuffed to the bed, he has a tendency to lash out in frustration, he's a hitter."
Connor looked at his and Kevin's hands. "I've only known him for a few weeks, maybe he's just asleep?"
The doctor glanced at Kevin's monitor. "He isn't sleeping, Sir, he's letting you hold his hand."
Connor disregarded the doctor's fascination and asked the question that was weighing on him so heavily, "Is he going to be okay?"