
"Kevin wake up!" Connor sat next to Kevin in his bed and shook the man's arm. "Let's go!"
Kevin opened his eyes slightly and peeked up at Connor's smiling face. "Go where?" He groaned.
"I'm taking you to get a Christmas tree today. That always cheers me up." Connor said.
Kevin grabbed Connor's elbow and yanked him down onto the bed. Connor found himself laying next to Kevin in the bed, he rotated to his left side to face him. "We have to pick out two really nice trees." He said.
Kevin scooted closer and smiled with his eyes still shut. "We shouldn't get trees."
"Why, don't you want a tree?"
"I want to share one with you."
Connor blinked in shock. "You do?"
"Yeah, come with me to Florida for Christmas. We can stay in my beach house and go to the sandbar on Christmas Eve. They've got the most amazing margaritas in Miami. We can hit all the best bars and beaches."
"Kevin... I don't know."
Kevin reached out and smoothed Connor's hair. "Think about it." He said before getting up and walking into the bathroom. Connor remained in his bed and listened to the shower water. Suddenly Kevin did something unexpected, he started singing. Connor furrowed his brow and walked up to the shower door, listening.
"And you're shining! Like the brightest star, a transmission on midnight radio."
Connor was shocked, not only could Kevin sing, but Kevin could sing well. When Kevin got out of the bathroom, Connor practically pounced on him. Clutching his towel, Kevin stared at Connor.
"What is it!?" He exclaimed.
"You were singing!"
"Um, yeah."
"You were singing Broadway music!"
"Yes I was."
"And you were singing it well!"
"Thanks?"
"When did you see Hedwig and the Angry Inch?" Connor asked excitedly.
"I took Naba two years ago for her birthday. I slept the whole time, but that song I was singing woke me up at the end."
After a light breakfast, Kevin and Connor drove to Kevin's penthouse where he changed into a gray peacoat and jeans before they headed upstate for a Christmas tree.
The drive would take two hours, so they passed the time with loud music and light conversation. "Kevin do you get Sirius in this car?" Connor asked, fiddling with the radio.
Kevin reached out and clicked the XM button, switching the car to satellite radio.
"Alright! Channel seventy-two!" Connor exclaimed, twisting the tune dial.
"What's channel seventy-two?"
Suddenly "Anything You Can Do" from "Annie Get Your Gun" started blaring from the speakers. "The Broadway station!"
Kevin mock-groaned and rolled his eyes. "God Connor, you're obsessed."
"Whatever you say, Hedwig."
Connor sang along to every song that came on the radio. He belted everything from "Pippin" to "Phantom of the Opera". Suddenly the music stopped and a morning talk show began.
"Let's talk about new faces." A woman said. "Connor McKinley, star of the upcoming satirical musical 'The Book of Mormon' is Broadway's newest it-boy."