
On his way out of the office, Kevin couldn't help but notice Thomas staring dreamily off into space.
I wonder what's gotten into Poptart-boy? He thought.
On his desk, Kevin found a sticky note from Connor saying that he had to go to the Eugene O'Neil for an emergency fight call, but he'd be back at around three-ish.
Kevin picked up the phone and called Naba's desk. She didn't answer, so he left a message.
"If I'm in session with my therapist when Connor gets here, put him up in a conference room until I get back please."
At three a town car arrived to drive Kevin to his therapy session with Doctor Green.
Kevin laid down in one of the cliché therapist chairs and folded his hands over his chest. Above him, on the ceiling, was a poster that said "God Loves All His Children". Kevin scoffed.
"Kevin, have you ever considered the fact that your complete lack of religion, or faith of any kind, could be negatively influencing your OCD?" Dr. Green asked.
Kevin shrugged. "Probably, but I don't intend on getting on my knees and begging some almighty guy in a toga for help."
"Don't be negative in here, this is a positive place."
"It's not my fault that God dresses with an Ancient Greek aesthetic that's so university chic, it makes me want to throw a trashy kegger party."
Dr. Green rolled his eyes. "Anyways, how has your OCD been this week? Any personal triumphs? Any shortcomings?" The doctor asked.
"Well I snapped a pencil because someone sat on my desk and I almost hyperventilated when my Skittles dish was disturbed. Also I awkwardly wiped make-up off another grown man's face because my hand was itching to fix it so badly."
"Positivity, Kevin. Positive thoughts are the key to healing."
"I lent one of my shirts to a friend."
"Kevin, that's great!"
"And I went out and did different stuff last night like eating mystery meat and watching Indiana Jones."
"Leaving your comfort zone is always a sign of improvement. Is there anything new in your life that's driving you to make these bounds in your recovery?"
"I made a new friend."
"Well I'd hang around this friend a lot more often. They seem to be having a very positive influence on you and your mental health."
Dr. Green's comment about Connor weighed heavily in Kevin's mind. He couldn't stop thinking about how much fun he had had with the quirky redhead last night.
When Kevin got back to work Naba waved him over to her desk. "Connor is on his way to the boardroom to wait for you."
Kevin's heart skipped a beat. "Why did you let him in there!?" He cried. Naba shrugged.
The boardroom was an unutilized conference room that Kevin used for... other things, and last time Kevin was in there he took notice of a thong that a "guest" had left behind on the table.
Kevin beelined to his private elevator only to find an "out of order" sign plastered across the door. In a panic, he raced to the stairwell and took the steps two at a time. He burst through the double doors into the boardroom and froze in his tracks when he saw Connor sitting on the table next to the infamous thong.
"Um, you weren't supposed to be in here." Kevin spluttered out.