
It was almost a week after Kevin got checked into the hospital, and nothing had changed.
Connor spent the night there, every night without fail, only leaving Kevin's bedside to go to his rehearsals.
In Kevin's absence, Naba, James, Thomas, and Arnold ran the magazine as a joint unit.
On day six of Kevin's hospital stay, Connor's attention was drawn away from his magazine by a clanking sound. Kevin was lifting his right hand very shakily, causing the handcuff around his wrist to rattle.
Connor jumped up and ran over to the doorway, Kevin's doctor was standing down the hall talking to a nurse.
"He's awake! Kevin is awake!" He cried.
The doctor looked to see who was shouting and then immediately bolted into Kevin's room, followed by three nurses.
Kevin was attempting to sit up now, but his doctor put her hand on his chest and eased him back.
"Not yet Kevin." She said softly, taking his respirator off.
Upon removal of the breathing assistant, Kevin started coughing and choking.
"Put it back on! He can't breathe!" Connor shouted in horror.
"Mr. McKinley-"
"Don't you 'Mr. McKinley' me, he can't breathe! You're gonna kill him!"
The doctor looked at Connor sadly, "Somebody please remove him."
The larger male nurse approached Connor, taking his arms behind him.
"No! No! Let me stay in here! He needs me! Kevin needs me!" Connor shouted as he was dragged from the room, kicking and grunting.
Three hours later Connor was allowed to reenter the room.
Kevin sat up in his bed staring blankly at a plastic tray table. His attention was focused on a cup of pudding.
"I don't like pudding." He said in an emotionless tone.
Shakily, Connor went to the room's mini-fridge and grabbed some of the Greek yogurt that Naba had dropped off for when Kevin woke up.
"Here you go." Connor said softly, replacing the pudding with Kevin's yogurt. "Naba brought it for you, she said it's your favorite."
Kevin looked at the yogurt. "I guess it is."
Connor sat down on the couch and stared at the tile floor, he wasn't happy that Kevin was awake. Unconscious Kevin harbored hope, the fleeting feeling that maybe, just maybe, when he woke up, everything would be okay.
But now Kevin was awake, and it was very obvious that everything was not okay.
Connor came out of his depressed thoughts when he heard a frustrated sigh from Kevin. He looked up to see him wrestling with the yogurt. Kevin kept trying to grab the pull tab but his fingers would slip or he'd miss altogether. Connor watched him struggle for awhile until he finally gave up.
"I can't." He said softly.
Connor reached out and peeled the foil off of Kevin's yogurt before handing it back to him. It remained untouched, uneaten.
"Aren't you gonna eat?" Connor asked after a few minutes.
Kevin shook his head and pushed the tray table away before laying on his side with his back to Connor.
"I wish you weren't here." Kevin said quietly.
Connor's chest twisted and he got up, without saying a word, and left.