
A few days passed before anyone mentioned the Kevin Price Project again.
On Wednesday afternoon, Thomas came barreling through the doors into Kevin's office with a huge grin plastered across his youthful face. "I found someone for you to shadow!" He cried gleefully.
Kevin perked up upon hearing the news. "Who is she?" He asked.
"Actually his name is Connor McKinley." Thomas said slowly.
"No Thomas, I want a woman. I'm not writing about following another man around Broadway all day. It doesn't get much gayer than that."
Thomas blushed. "Well since you bring up the subject of homosexuality, I feel obligated to inform you that Mr. McKinley is fresh out of the proverbial closet, so to say." He said.
Kevin groaned and rubbed his temples. "Nobody else? Not a single person took the offer besides McKinley?"
Thomas shook his head.
"Jesus Christ, fine. Set up a meeting for us tomorrow morning." Kevin said.
Thomas nodded and left the room, on his way out Kevin called his name. "Thomas, do not schedule it in the boardroom." Kevin warned. Thomas was mildly confused, but he obeyed his boss's wishes and invited Connor McKinley to meet Kevin in his office tomorrow at eleven a.m.
Connor McKinley received a phone call on Wednesday telling him that he had been chosen as the mentor for the Kevin Price Project. On Thursday he was to show up at the office early in the morning to sign legal papers and to meet the playboy/publisher himself.
The first document given to Connor when he arrived on Thursday, was a confidentiality agreement. Then there were payment contracts, photo release forms, press-conference schedules, and a bunch more papers covered in legal jargon.
Finally, he was permitted to enter Kevin Price's office. A sassy young lady with a thick, yet adorable, African accent, greeted Connor at the entrance to the office. She smoothed out his suit sleeves and glanced at his tie disdainfully. "Would you like a different tie?" She asked.
Connor glanced down at his tie, it was baby blue and covered in light green flower patterns. "Nah I'm good." He said.
"Yes, but Mr. Price would find that tie extremely offensive." The young lady warned.
Connor waved away her worries. "I signed that paper out there, I'm his boss now and he's my shadow."
The lady smiled slyly. "Keep that attitude pal, Kevin could use a little control." She said, then she opened up the door and Connor stepped into the office.
When Connor walked into Kevin's office he was surprised by what he saw. He didn't read the magazine so he'd never seen Kevin or heard much about him besides the gossip from his co-stars. Connor was expecting an old, balding man with bushy eyebrows and a short plump figure. He never imagined the image before him. Kevin Price was tall with thick brown hair, and radiant-looking. His trim body and clean, shiny face actually glowed.
Kevin was also shocked, when he thought of gay Broadway actors an image of Neil Patrick Harris popped into his mind, Connor couldn't have been more different from that image if he tried. The actor had soft ginger hair and a crooked, yet sincere, smile. The whites of his bright blue eyes were tinged with pink and he was much shorter than Kevin.
The shorter man extended a hand and Kevin shook it. "Connor McKinley." He said formally.
"So I've heard." Kevin replied, he had gotten used to not needing to introduce himself.
"And you are?" Connor said leadingly.