
After the opening, Kevin announced that he'd be taking questions.
"Mr. Price! Nancy Rodriguez, New York Times. What is your relationship with the actor you've been shadowing?"
"Well Nancy," Through his earpiece Kevin heard Thomas telling him to say that it was strictly business, but Kevin took the device out and slipped it into his pocket. "Connor McKinley is my best friend. It started as strictly business but we were with each other through some rough times and I wouldn't trade his friendship for the world."
After that answer, the reporters' focus shifted from the article to Kevin and Connor.
"Mr. Price! I'm here with Life Magazine. What sort of things do you and your best friend do for leisure around our beautiful city?"
"Connor's been trying to get me to ice skate with him but it's not really my thing, we also love finding new bars and restaurants."
"Kevin Price! Catherine Mitchells from Cosmo. How would you rate your relationship to Mr. McKinley on a scale of one to ten?"
"Eleven."
Thomas came out from behind the curtain and stepped up to the podium. "Ladies and Gentleman, can we please steer this conference back to the article. That is why you were called here."
The reporters all nodded their heads, realizing how off-track they'd been. Thomas breathed a sigh of relief and disappeared again.
"Mr. Price. Jerry Rhoades with Time. Why did you choose Broadway for your breakout piece and why now?"
Kevin cleared his throat. "The subject of the piece is thanks to my amazing team here." Kevin waved over at his team and a few pictures were snapped. "But I was starving myself creatively, holed up in my office having meeting after meeting. I started this magazine because I had a vision but I got so caught up in my work that I forgot about how much I loved to create. Broadway is all about creation and it's been both enriching and healing to be there almost every day."
"And why now?" Jerry asked.
"Simply for publicity reasons."
After Thomas put it back on track, the press conference went smoothly. Kevin answered everything correctly without a single fumble and it was a complete success.
The next day, Kevin was almost shocked out of his wits when Thomas exploded into his office. "Mr. Price, the phones are ringing off the hook!"
"Really? Why?"
"Everyone wants a private interview. Time Magazine wants a cover shoot with you, Good Morning America wants you and Connor on the show, Life Magazine wants to talk to you about restaurants, Vogue wants to do a piece with you on men's style, we're gonna be booked for the next week!"
"Thomas that's amazing! You've really done it!"
Thomas blushed proudly and stood a little taller upon receiving praise from Kevin.
Later that day, Kevin attended one of Connor's previews then waited for him at stagedoor. As Connor walked out and greeted people, signing things and posing for selfies, he spotted Kevin leaning against the wall of the theater, waiting his turn. When the crowd ebbed away, Connor walked over to Kevin. "What are you doing here?" He asked.
"I came to watch."
"You didn't have to come to this one Kevin."
"I know."
"But you don't like musical theatre." Connor stated in a confused tone.