
Connor used the gifts of wine and Greek yogurt to bribe Kevin into letting him into his office.
He watched Kevin open a cup of yogurt, when Kevin successfully peeled away the foil on his own, Connor released a breath he hadn't known he'd been holding.
In silence, they ate the weirdest lunch either of them had ever had.
"I'm going to help you get better." Connor said suddenly, looking Kevin directly in the eyes.
"I am better; it's been a week."
"No, I'm mean better. We're going to fix your lifestyle so this doesn't happen anymore."
"Connor I don't need your help."
"Yes you do Kevin! Yes you do because you're a mess!"
"Hey!"
"No! When I met you, you oozed perfection but it was all a lie! You're in so much pain, why can't you see that!" Connor cried, standing up and knocking his chair back. Kevin joined him.
"I don't need your help! You're here so I can make money off an article, nothing more! You aren't my dad, my doctor, or my friend!"
Connor's face burned with rage and he said something he'd later come to regret. "You're a blind, self-centered asshole! You only care about what you want. I don't care how sad your life was, that's no excuse to walk all over people like you do! Hell, you don't even know that two of your closest friends are gay for each other, that's how absorbed in your own life you are!"
Kevin considered asking who Connor was talking about but he decided that now wasn't the time. Instead, he stormed out of his own office and into his private elevator, off to go do something reckless.
Connor now stood alone in Kevin's empty office. Tears stung his eyes.
I was there for him when no one else was. Why? He isn't even my friend, he said so himself. We're just co-workers and I was stupid for thinking that it was anything more than that.
On his way out of Kevin's office, Connor noticed something. On the wall Kevin had a black marble, electric fireplace. When Connor first met Kevin, that mantel was adorned with pictures of Kevin and various celebrities, but now it seemed different.
Approaching the mantel, Connor saw that the photos had changed. There was a picture of Naba and Calvin, a candid shot of Thomas mid-Poptart, and placed neatly in the frame that once held a picture of Kevin and Madonna, was now a picture of Connor on his first preview. His hands were in the air and his head was thrown back in song, Connor took the picture out of the frame and read the words scrawled onto the back in Kevin's handwriting.
Con's first preview, Nov. 2015
He didn't know what compelled him to do this, but Connor slipped the photo into his pocket before walking out.
Kevin wanted to start trouble, he wanted to go out and be reckless and he knew just what to do. He jumped in his car and sped home, not bothering to follow any pesky traffic rules.
At home, he lit multiple candles, ordered two martinis from his building's food service, and changed the bedsheets, then he called Lauren, a girl that he had attempted to go steady with a few months ago. The relationship ended when Kevin realized that he wasn't ready to have a steady girlfriend.
The phone rang once, twice, three times before Lauren's voice came from the other end. "Kevin?"
"Hey Lauren."
"Hey, can I help you?"
"Um, yeah. Do you want to come over?"