
Arnold pushed his glasses up his nose and looked at Steve Blade. "So wait, wait. You like men and women?" He asked.
Steve nodded. "Yup, that's the definition of bisexual."
"I've never heard of that."
Steve clapped a hand onto Arnold's shoulder. "I get the feeling you haven't heard of a lot of things buddy." He said. Arnold didn't deny it.
Thomas shifted on his seat in James' lap. "Ow babe, sit still." James groaned.
"Sorry. So Steve, do you prefer men or women?"
"It really depends, I dated more men than women but I don't necessarily prefer one over the other."
Thomas and Arnold showered Steve with questions while James steadily grew more and more frustrated.
"Yeah okay he's fucking Hannah Montana with the best of both worlds, can we please work on the press conference now?"
Thomas turned to look at his boyfriend.
"Hannah Montana?"
The angry red blush drained from James' cheeks. "I have a little sister Thomas, you know that."
Thomas smirked but he slid out of James' lap and started handing out papers to everyone. "We've got to make sure that everything that could go wrong is accounted for and planned out, so start pitching ideas."
Arnold put his hand up. Thomas rolled his eyes. "Yes Arnold?" He said.
"The mic could go out."
"Good, good. Well not good, but good thought."
James scooted his seat closer to Thomas' put his feet on the side of his boyfriend's chair. "Kevin could get nervous."
Steve leaned forward. "He could accidentally spoil something."
Nabulungi walked into the room with a cup of coffee, she had just arrived to the office and her sunglasses were still on. "Hey boys." She sat down, "Are we working damage control?"
Thomas nodded. "Any thoughts?"
"Yeah, Kevin could say something problematic or stupid."
Everyone nodded collectively at Naba's suggestion.
On the other side of the office, Kevin and Connor sat in Kevin's office. Again, Connor was wearing the light blue sweater.
"Hey look what I printed." Kevin said, tossing a piece of paper to Connor who sat on the other side of his desk. Connor caught the paper and looked at it.
It was the picture of him siting on the stone lion from the day before. He reached forward and grabbed a purple Sharpie, then he signed the picture and handed it back to Kevin. "Always nice to meet a fan." He said.
Kevin took the picture back and fanned himself dramatically. "Oh my god, I got his autograph!"
Connor rolled his eyes and stood up. "I'm going to the bathroom, Kevin."
"He knows my name!"
"Shut-up!"
On his way to the bathroom, Connor bumped into Steve.
"Hey babe." He said, ducking down to kiss Connor, who was averting his eyes.
"Hey Steve."
Connor shuffled past his boyfriend and into the bathroom. Once he was safely locked in, Connor slid off his sweater and stared at himself with hollow eyes. It was almost painful to look at, and it was his own body. The sound of the bathroom door opening and closing seemed distant in Connor's ears. He rubbed a little cold water into his eyes and plastered on his fake Mormon smile, before putting the sweater back on.