
Kevin laughed out loud, for the first time in awhile, at Connor's joke. "I haven't heard that one in forever!" He exclaimed.
"Did you go to BYU?" Connor asked. Kevin shook his head. "Nah, we moved out of Utah when I was in fifth grade."
"When did you leave the church?"
"Sixth grade."
"Gotcha."
"I never finished college, to be perfectly honest."
"Really?"
"I dropped out a few months into my freshman year to start my magazine."
"What was your major?"
"Journalism, that's kind of a motivator for this article."
"Oh yeah, the article. I forgot about that."
A buzzing sound from between the couch cushions took Kevin's place in the conversation. Connor reached into the couch and pulled his phone out, he tapped the answer button and held the phone up to his ear. "Hello?"
Kevin could hear someone yelling at Connor through the phone and, for some reason, the thought of somebody yelling at Connor really pissed him off.
"Who is it?" Kevin whispered. Connor hushed him but Kevin continued asking until he got an answer. "It's the stage manager. I screwed up a scene yesterday, it's just notes. Chill, Kevin."
Kevin noticed that he had arched his shoulders forward threateningly and had furrowed his brow. Relaxing, he leaned against the arm rest. "Chill? Psh, I'm chill. Why wouldn't I be chill?"
Connor smirked at Kevin and continued listening to the shouting techie on the other end of the phone.
When Connor hung up, he shrugged at Kevin, offering him a "what are you gonna do?" face.
"We should probably head over to your office." Connor said, checking his phone for the time. "It's almost seven."
Kevin agreed and got up off the couch.
"Did you sleep at all last night?" Connor asked.
Kevin shook his head. "Nope, but I drank my weight in fancy imported alcohol so I'm good until my noontime siesta."
"That's not healthy Kevin."
"There are a lot of things in my life that I'd consider 'not healthy'."
"Like what?"
"Like that fact that I had difficulties deciding which Ashley I should invite over last night."
"Ew Kevin, did you have a girl here while I was here? Respect your gays, man."
"No, I didn't call anyone. I didn't want you to feel awkward if you woke up in the middle of the night."
"I'm fine with you inviting over an Ashley, as long as I can call an Ashton." Connor said with a devilish grin.
"Classy, get dressed."
Connor slipped his jeans from the night before back on, he kept Kevin's shirt on. "Can I borrow this today, it's really comfortable." He asked.
Kevin allowed him to borrow the shirt as long as he got it back on a Wednesday, dry cleaned and ironed. Connor agreed to the terms and conditions.