
After returning from the lunch with Calvin Klein, Kevin had his interns make two hundred Price Points for Naba, which he delivered to her in a Gucci purse.
"To reward you for your valiant effort at the lunch meeting." He said, presenting the award to Naba. She looked at the bag and its contents. "I'll take the bag, but hand deliver the Price Points to Thomas and tell him you appreciate him." Naba said.
Kevin obliged and poor Thomas almost fell out of his desk chair upon seeing Kevin hand deliver him the treasure.
The next morning, Kevin met Connor for a trip to Broadway. The Book of Mormon had previews that day and Kevin was expected to sit in the audience and watch.
"What exactly is a preview?" Kevin asked, opening up his notepad as he and Connor walked.
"It's like a live commercial. People come to see us rehearse."
"Why?"
"It's something fun to do if you like theatre."
"Sure."
Connor elbowed Kevin playfully as they walked through the stage door. During the preview, Kevin got an orchestra seat, perfect for napping in. Upon hearing the claps of the audience, he woke up and joined them, pretending to have watched the entire performance.
After the audience cleared, Kevin climbed onto the stage and met up with a sweaty Connor McKinley.
"You were sleeping." Connor said stiffly.
"I was not."
"Yes you were Kevin. You snore, the whole audience could hear you, we could hear you onstage."
"Sorry, theatre just isn't my thing."
"What is your thing?"
"Parties, writing, telling people what to do, self-grooming, judging things, cleaning, drinking, binge watching trashy reality TV-"
Connor interrupted Kevin. "Kevin, I have a proposal for you." He said.
"And that is?"
"All day Saturday, we have to do stuff I like to do,"
"And?"
"And then on Sunday, if you last all of Saturday, we'll do your stuff. Deal?"
"Deal. And if I last Saturday, you have to come with me to my No-Shave November Party on Monday night."
"Deal."
After a long day of shadowing, Kevin went to a bar where he drowned himself in alcohol worth more than most celebrities, before stumbling home and passing out in a suit.
The next day, as Naba was going through Kevin's shoebox full of receipts, to do his taxes, she came across a large payout to a company called "Sanitation Inc".
"Kevin!" Naba called from her desk.
Kevin came out if his office with a cup of yogurt in one hand and a spoon in the other. "Yeah?"
"What is this?" She asked, holding up the receipt for her boss to see.
"Disposable toilet seat covers." Kevin explained.
"But we already have seat covers in the bathrooms here."
"Not in my bathroom."
Naba closed her eyes and took a calming breath. She counted to five before continuing. "Mr. Price, please explain why you need seat covers in your private bathroom, that only you use."