
Naba breathed a sigh of relief when she learned that Kevin was ambidextrous. That meant that she wouldn't have to do all of his writing for him for the next two months.
The purple cast that encased Kevin's broken hand was completely pristine, he kept it sanitized and nobody was allowed to even think about signing it. Arnold had tried and Kevin almost hyperventilated.
Because it was purple, Kevin and Connor had chosen a selection of purple, silver, white, black, and maroon ties for Kevin to wear until he was healed so that he never clashed with the permanent accessory.
Ever since Kevin was discharged from the hospital, his friends noticed a change in his relationship with Connor. They sat closer together, they ate lunch together, Kevin attended many of Connor's previews, Connor even spent a few nights at Kevin's penthouse.
On one of those nights, they were watching one of Connor's weird old movies. It was called "Sampson and Delilah" and it was based on the biblical story of the same name. The ex-Mormon in Kevin was intrigued by the depiction of a bible story, but the magazine editor in him was completely astonished by the costuming.
Halfway through the movie, Kevin went to his room and found a dusty old sketchbook under some condoms and old desk supplies in his nightstand. When he returned to the couch Connor scooted close to him, enveloping him in the warmth that always seemed to radiate from the redhead. His arms had healed up for the most part, a few of the worst bruises remained in a light dusting, but it was definitely an improvement from before.
"What are you drawing?" Connor asked.
"I'm just sketching, this movie's aesthetic is crazy."
"Oh so you're like, artistically turned-on?"
Kevin smirked. "Most people use the word 'inspired' but yeah, you could put it like that."
At the end of the movie, Connor looked over at his friend to see what he had thought of the ending, but Kevin was asleep, leaning on the armrest. Usually when Connor spent the night, he slept on the couch but Kevin was taking up most of the space with his long legs. With a shrug, Connor moved Kevin's sketchbook to the floor and squeezed in next to him, resting his head on Kevin's firm chest.
The next morning, Connor woke up alone on the couch. At some point during the night Kevin had gotten up and gone to his bedroom; he had also tossed a throw blanket over Connor.
Kevin's sketchbook was still on the floor and Connor picked it up curiously. Every drawing in it had a date scrawled across the bottom, the oldest one was from July. Mostly it was just drawings of dresses and suits but occasionally there'd be a sketch of a woman or Fritz and Bella. Last night Kevin had used three pages, one was a drawing of one of Delilah's costumes from the movie, another was a drawing of the chest plates worn by the guards in the movie, the third was of Connor.
He was smiling brightly and looking up off the page. Connor pulled his phone out of his pocket and snapped a picture of the drawing before closing the sketchbook and placing it back on the floor.
An hour later, Connor heard the shower turning on in Kevin's bathroom. Kevin took one of the longest showers Connor had ever seen a person take; he was in there for almost two hours. When Kevin walked out of his room he had a towel wrapped around his waist, it hung low on his hips. His wet hair looked tangly and Kevin ran his fingers through it a few times. "Morning Con."
Connor averted his eyes from Kevin's toned chest and looked at his face instead. "Morning."
"Sorry I took so long in the shower, I really needed some nice hot water."
"Yeah, I mean, okay?"