
Connor wanted to vomit, cry, laugh hysterically, and push Kevin out the window all at the same time. Mostly he just wanted to do the second and last things though.
Steve smiled suavely and waved to his new co-workers. Kevin spoke: "Steve this is Thomas, James, Arnold, Naba, and you know Connor."
Steve offered everyone a nod as Kevin introduced them, to Connor he gave a wink. That simple gesture further drove Connor's desire to defenestrate Kevin Price.
James crossed his arms defensively and looked Steve up and down. He knew who Steve Blade was and he wasn't going to let him take over the art department that James had wrapped around his finger.
"Steve is here to help oversee some of the more artistic aspects of this project." Kevin explained.
James threw his hands up in frustration. "Then what the hell am I doing here?" He huffed. Chris placed a hand low on James' waist to calm him down, just one touch from the little blonde was enough to soothe James.
Steve Blade put his hands up in mock defense. "Not to worry Mr...?"
"Church."
"Right, Mr. Church, I'm here to follow your lead and personally advise Mr. Price. Nothing more... nothing less."
James rolled his eyes and very badly pretended that he had to take a phone call. He left the room, announcing that the cover unveiling would be rescheduled. Chris shuffled after him, trying to get him to change his stubborn mind.
"Mr. Price?" Arnold asked.
"Yes Cunningham?"
"We need to discuss a press conference."
"Alright let's go, walk and talk Arnold."
Kevin and Arnold walked into Kevin's office, deep in conversation. Now it was just Naba, Steve, and Connor.
"Connor, sweetie, I've got to run these to the mail room. Will you be okay alone with him?" She whispered.
No, Connor most certainly wouldn't be okay, but Nabulungi had a job to do and he didn't want to keep her from it so he nodded. She got up and left the room.
And then there were two.
Steve approached Connor, who leaned against the wall behind Naba's desk.
"I've missed you." He said in a low voice.
Connor looked up at Steve defiantly. "That's funny."
"How so?"
"Because I haven't missed you."
"Connor, we both know that isn't true. You at least missed me a little bit, right?"
He was right, but Connor didn't want to give him the satisfaction so he said nothing in reply.
Steve was only a foot away from Connor now. "You missed my kisses, and my cooking, and watching me paint, I know you did. I've known you since fifth grade Connor McKinley, and you've loved me all that time. That's how I know you love me now."
Connor looked up at Steve with angry tears bubbling in his eyes. "You cheated on me!" He shoved Steve away. "What does it matter how I feel if I wasn't good enough for you?"
"She wasn't anything to me Connor, I thought I cared about her, but being with her only reminded me how much I, not only wanted, but needed to be with you."
Steve Blade knew Connor McKinley like the back of his own hand. He knew exactly what to say to get the redhead to open up. "I love you Connor."