
Kevin sat in his office on a cold Sunday morning, the glass was open and the snowy city glistened in the morning sun around him.
Kevin tried in earnest to punish his team for their "betrayal". He went around with a trashcan collecting Price Points, but everyone had thrown theirs away already, everyone except Thomas who almost wept as he poured his stash into the plastic bin.
Eventually he gave up and forgot about the matter that had seemed so important to him, just another example of Kevin's one-track mind.
Nabulungi had secured all the guests for Kevin's party tomorrow, and Steve offered up his gallery as a venue.
When at last the party rolled around, the paparazzi were the first to arrive, followed by esteemed guests. Everyone from Will Smith to Betty White was there and Kevin adored having all the attention on him.
Of course, the real staple of the night was the coffee fountain, but the cast of Connor's show singing Happy Birthday was a real showstopper too.
Everyone had a great time at the party. Arnold clung to Nabulungi all night, too afraid to talk to any celebrities. Thomas and James walked around the halls, while James scoffed at all of Steve's pieces no matter how fantastic they were. Steve and Connor sat at a table with Kevin and his date.
Kevin's date was a young publicist named Brooklyn. She had shoulder-length red hair and blue eyes, Steve made a joke about her being Connor's female twin. Kevin thought about Steve's joke and wondered if he had chosen Brooklyn as his date because he sub-consciously compared her to Connor. Why would he even do that though? Kevin couldn't think of a reason, so he added that to the pile of things he put out of his mind.
The cake was perfect, the guests were perfect, the venue was perfect, all-in-all it was a perfect celebration of a seemingly perfect man.
After everyone had gone home, Steve suggested that he, Connor, Kevin, and Brooklyn go back to his place for a movie and drinks. Not one to pass up an excuse to drink, Kevin accepted.
Steve's brownstone townhouse was lavishly decorated with modern looking furniture in shades of grays, blacks, and whites. His giant TV was hung on a white wall over a white plush carpet. A soft black couch looked inviting and Kevin crashed onto it. He patted his lap and winked at Brooklyn who sat down on top of him. Across the room at the wet bar with Steve, Connor watched Kevin and Brooklyn out of the corner of his eye.
Kevin smiled that weird tiny little smile he did when he was really happy and pressed his forehead against Brooklyn's. She laughed and kissed him lightly. Connor wanted to be sick, it was just so- so... he couldn't place a word on it. Grabbing a bottle of whiskey, he returned to the couch.
"So how did you two meet?" He asked.
"I've known Kevin, since college. We dated a bit but it never went anywhere, then he invited me to go with him to his party and of course I agreed!"
"Oh, that's adorable."
"Yeah." Brooklyn said dreamily, booping her finger on Kevin's nose. He caught it in his mouth and nibbled it gently, making her laugh and slap his shoulder playfully. Connor thrusted the whiskey at Kevin awkwardly. "Here." He said.
"Um, no cups?" Kevin asked, taking the bottle.
"That never seemed to phase you before."
"True." He said with a shrug before uncapping the bottle and taking a long sip.
Steve returned with drinks and he put on a movie. Halfway though the movie, Kevin asked where the bathroom was and Connor offered to show him the way, leaving Steve and Brooklyn alone on the couch.