
The bathroom was in the hallway by Steve's room, Kevin noticed one of Connor's "Book of Mormon" t-shirts on the bed, but he didn't say anything. In the bathroom, Kevin splashed water on his face and looked at his reflection. He looked tired, more tired than he felt.
Connor, Naba, and his doctor had all pushed Kevin to find a nice girl and slow down a bit, but it was so exhausting. Getting to know somebody, getting close to them, it was too much for Kevin to handle. He liked one-night stands and weekend-long flings, that's it. If he was going to enter a serious relationship, it would have to be with someone that Kevin was already close to, but he couldn't think of anyone to fitthat description.
A few days later, Kevin headed down to the Eugene O'Neil to do some more shadowing. He felt a little hung over from a party with Brooklyn's friends the night before, but he was an expert at brushing that off. He found Connor under his dressing table, face streaked with tears.
"Connor? What's wrong are you okay?"
"Y-yeah. I'm fine, perfectly fine."
"But you're crying."
"Forget about it Kevin." Connor wiped his nose on the sleeve of his light blue sweater and crawled out from under the table. Kevin couldn't help but notice how small the other man looked in that moment. Connor's clear blue eyes glistened with tears and his nose was shiny and red. The sweater looked too big for him as he sat hunched over on his little couch.
Kevin joined Connor on the couch, wrapping an arm around his shoulders like Connor had done that day in Kevin's bed. "What's wrong Connor?"
"Nothing."
"Connor."
"Nothing."
"Last chance."
"Don't worry about it Kevin, you've got your own issues to deal with."
Kevin didn't pry further because Connor looked visibly uncomfortable.
"Why are you wearing that sweater in here? It's so hot backstage." Kevin asked, changing the subject. Connor stood and shuffled awkwardly. "It's comfortable." He said.
"But you're sweating."
"Jesus Christ Kevin, did you just come here to argue!?" Connor snapped. Kevin was taken aback by the usually passive redhead's burst of anger. "Whatever, I'm just here to take notes on your makeup." He said, going over to the vanity and writing down brand names.
Connor placed a hand on Kevin's shoulder. "I'm sorry." He said softly before leaving to go get dance notes and run a few numbers.
When he returned to the dressing room he was surprised to find Kevin still there. "What are you still doing here?" Connor asked.
"Sorry, I had an idea and I wanted to write it all down before I could forget."
"Do you want to go do something?"
"Like what?"
"Let's go to a bar."
"But it's two in the afternoon and I promised Naba I wouldn't leave Broadway until five because she thinks I've been slacking."
"We don't have to leave. Let's go to 54 Below."
"Where?"
Connor smiled and pulled Kevin up off the couch. "This'll definitely be article worthy."