
[This chapter has a trigger warning]
Alone in Kevin's office with the heat on in the building, Connor took off his sweater and rubbed some sweat off of his arms.
The sound of a bang from behind him caught his attention and Connor turned to see Kevin staring at him from the doorway. The bang had come from Kevin dropping a tumbler of coffee he had been holding.
"Holy shit." He muttered, running over to Connor and grabbing at him. He clutched one of Connor's arms in his hands, staring at the exposed skin. "Who did this to you Connor?" He asked darkly.
Up and down both of Connor's arms were bruises of varying size and severity. Kevin's grip caused his arm to hurt badly but he didn't say a word.
"Who did this!?" Kevin shouted, jerking Connor's arm.
Again he received no reply, Naba had approached the doorway now to see what all the commotion was. Her hand flew to her mouth to conceal a gasp when she saw Connor.
"It's nothing." Connor whispered shamefully.
"Tell me who did this to you."
"I- I-"
"It was Steve wasn't it?"
"Kevin-"
"Fuck Connor!" Kevin dropped Connor's arm and ran out of his office. Naba tried to stop him but Kevin shouldered past her with a surprising strength. He stormed down the hallway to the meeting room and threw the door open, embedding the doorknob in the wall.
Everyone in the room looked up at Kevin, seething in the doorway. His brown eyes were focused on Steve with an ungodly intensity. "You." He growled, rushing towards Steve and practically tackling him out of his desk chair. "I'm going to fucking kill you!" He shouted, attempting to throttle the other man.
Arnold screamed and climbed onto the table as Kevin and Steve wrestled on the ground. Thomas jumped up and pushed James towards the fight. "James do something!"
"Why me!?"
"Because you're bigger than both of them!"
James couldn't deny that he probably could break apart the fight. He pushed Thomas behind him and grabbed Kevin by the back of his suit jacket, yanking him off of Steve.
"Cut the shit Kevin, what's going on?" He asked. Kevin glared at Steve who looked up at him in smug defiance, blood gushing from his nose. "Ask him." Kevin spat.
Steve stood up and smoothed out the front of his suit. "My personal life, Mr. Price, remains to this day, none of your business." He said coolly.
"Why did you do that!? He's never done a single thing wrong you asshole!" Kevin shouted, straining against James' hold on him. Steve watched Kevin, with an unwavering stare as he calmly walked out of the conference room.
Connor was siting on Naba's desk, crying while she talked to him in panicked, hushed tones.
"This is all my fault." He moaned.
Before Naba could convince him otherwise, Steve stepped into the lobby with a black eye and a bloody nose. "Connor, we're going. Now." He said firmly.
Connor stood up slowly, despite Naba telling him to stay and not to go with Steve. They got into the elevator before she could get around her desk to stop him.
Just as the elevator door shut, Kevin ran out into the lobby. "Where's Connor?" He asked.
"With Steve."
"Shit. Where?"