
Kevin looked down at his shoes sadly, he walked over to Naba's desk and sat on it, tossing his yogurt in the trash.
"I don't know Nabulungi. I'm getting worse." He put his head in his hands and hunched his shoulders. "It's to the point where I can actually tell that I'm being paranoid."
"Kevin, it's probably work stress, what with the article and the editing for the year's biggest issue. Go on a date, enjoy yourself a little bit."
Kevin sniffed and sat up, nodding his head. He had been getting worse though. His drinking had increased tenfold, and he had empty wine bottles on his nightstand from late-night binges. Kevin's OCD was becoming more and more stressful for him as the days went by.
This morning he had had difficulty leaving the house because he kept going back to make sure the kitchen sink was off, even though he was positive it was off the first twelve times he had checked it. Kevin even ended up walking to work because the thought of getting in a cab made him want to vomit, and his car was at the shop getting its windows tinted.
That afternoon, Arnold and Thomas had scheduled a meeting with Kevin to discuss the issue of co-authoring with Connor. A problem in the art department had demanded Thomas' immediate attention, so Arnold decided to begin the pitch without his partner.
He knocked on the door of Kevin's office once, twice, three times, before opening it slowly. Peeking his head in, he saw Kevin sitting in his chair, staring ahead at the wall. "Mr. Price? Are you ready for our meeting?" He asked nervously.
Kevin didn't reply.
"Mr. Price?" Arnold walked into the room and approached Kevin's desk. "Kevin?"
He began feeling nervous now, Kevin wasn't responding. His boss just stared ahead with a tired, glassy expression. Arnold began to panic, he grabbed Kevin's shoulders and shook him back and forth. "Kevin! Wake up!" He cried hysterically.
Kevin gasped and his eyes widened in fear, he lurched forwards, causing the desk chair to roll back and knock him to the floor. On his hands and knees, Kevin gasped for air, his arms wobbled and he fell onto the carpet. Arnold rolled Kevin onto his back.
"D-do you need mouth-to-mouth!?" He cried.
Kevin shook his head violently and continued spluttering and gasping.
Nabulungi and James walked into the office with the new cover designs, but they dropped their papers and ran over to their boss when they saw what was happening.
"What's going on!?" Arnold screamed.
Naba rushed to Kevin's side and got on her knees. "He's having a panic attack. It's okay Arnold."
James held Arnold back as Naba attempted to calm Kevin.
"Kevin, listen to me Kevin. Can I touch you? Is it okay if I touch you for a second?"
Short of breath, Kevin shook his head "no", and attempted to inch away from Naba, a look of pure terror etched onto his usually cool features. Naba turned to James and spoke low and seriously. "Call 911."
James nodded and let go of Arnold, pulling out his phone.
Free from restraint, Arnold rushed forward and attempted to pick Kevin up.
"Arnold, no! Stop!" Naba shouted.
It was too late, overstimulated and air-deprived, Kevin's eyes rolled back in his head and he passed out.