
At around midnight, a doorbell ringing woke Kevin up from a fitful couch-nap. He got up and shuffled to the door with his coffee. Through the peephole in the door, Kevin saw nothing but an empty hallway.
Ugh, stupid kids downstairs. He thought bitterly as he turned off the TV and shut the lights in his living room. As Kevin made his way to his bedroom, the doorbell rang again. He whipped out his cellphone and opened up his SmartHouse app. "Door cam." He said aloud.
The screen of the iPhone lit up and showed the hallway outside Kevin's apartment.
"Jesus Christ." Kevin muttered upon seeing the camera feed. He trudged over to the door and opened it to come face to face with a bright-eyed Connor McKinley.
"Hey Kev!" He exclaimed, flashing a smile so white, it was probably sponsored by Crest Toothpaste.
"Connor what are you doing here?" Kevin asked groggily.
"Do you have a DVD player?"
"Yeah."
"Great!"
Connor shoved past Kevin and found his way to the living room. Kevin shut the door and followed him urgently.
"Connor you can't just barge in here. I was going to bed."
Connor sat in front of the DVD player, trying to figure out how to turn it on. He waved away Kevin's concerns. "Go to bed, I'll show myself out after the movie." He said.
"It's midnight, what movie do you need to watch so badly?"
Connor tossed Kevin the DVD box and he caught it sloppily. "Indiana Jones?" He asked.
"The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, my favorite one. I love when that lady's head explodes at the end!"
"Hey, spoilers." Kevin said sarcastically.
Connor began poking at the DVD player like a confused caveman and Kevin rolled his eyes. "It's voice activated, you tell it what to do." He explained.
"Open." Connor said firmly, as if he was training an unruly dog.
The DVD player obeyed and the disk tray slid out. Kevin walked over and put the movie in before collapsing onto the couch. Connor sat down as well, leaving a full couch cushion between the two of them.
Five minutes into the movie, a huge yawn escaped Kevin's mouth. "Go to bed Kevin. I'll shut the place down when the movie is over." Connor said softly. Kevin shook his head. "No it's fine, I've never seen any Indiana Jones movies. I want to watch, just let me go get more coffee."
Kevin stood up and went into the kitchen. He refilled his mug then opened up a glass cabinet and pulled out a half-empty bottle of vodka. He splashed some of it into the coffee, then a little more, then a little more, then Kevin dumped the coffee in the sink and returned to the couch with the entire bottle.
The movie ended at around two a.m. but thanks to his generous helping of Russian water, Kevin was wide awake and maybe even a little drunk. His fuzzy mind made the movie ten-times more interesting and Connor's head explosion scene was pretty damn impressive.
As the credits began to roll, Connor stood up and retrieved his DVD.
"Are you hungry?" Kevin asked, still sitting.
Connor shrugged. "Yeah, I could eat. What've you got?"