
Kevin's penthouse apartment seemed emptier than usual when he finally returned home. He smelled like alcohol and, thanks to Clea, his hair was salty and sticky.
The dark penthouse lit itself up when its tenant arrived, it also adjusted the temperature to Kevin's preferred sixty-four degrees and started the espresso machine. If he didn't live in a smart-house, Kevin Price would probably be dead.
Two balls of fur, one cream colored and one brown, ran over to Kevin and began jumping up and down excitedly. "Hey guys." Kevin said softly, bending down to stroke his dogs' freshly shampooed fur.
The dog nanny that Kevin had hired washed the dogs everyday with lavender scented soap, her work was astonishing, as it should be since she came with high recommendations from Paris Hilton.
A ding from the kitchen alerted Kevin that his much needed coffee was ready. He grabbed a mug and watched the dark, creamy liquid slosh out of the machine. With his coffee, Kevin sat down at the island in his kitchen and opened up his laptop. Taking a sip of his coffee, he opened up a new document and began brainstorming ideas for his big article.
The Christmas Edition's final mock-up was due the week before Christmas, glancing at the date on his laptop, Kevin was reminded that he didn't have much time. It was November tenth. For next few hours, Kevin browsed broadway.com and read critics' reviews, he even scrolled through the social media pages of some of the bigger stars. At two in the morning Kevin turned in for the night.
When morning rolled around Kevin was awoken by someone entering his apartment. The smell of lavender filled the house and Kevin sighed, Nina, the dog nanny, was here. Kevin's alarm clock displayed the time: 8:56.
Typically, he was out of the house by seven so Kevin couldn't get mad at Nina for disturbing his privacy.
The knob on Kevin's bedroom door jiggled and Nina walked in. When she saw her employer sitting up his bed, pants-less and shirtless, she screamed. Kevin didn't know what to do, he couldn't get out from under the sheet, but Nina wouldn't leave, she just stood in the doorway apologizing. He noticed Nina's eyes leaving his face and traveling downwards to stare at his chest.
"Okay Nina, time to go." Kevin said, getting out of bed, forgetting his no-pants issue. He guided Nina out of his room and closed the door, making sure to lock it.
Now fully awake, Kevin took a steamy shower, slipped into a suit worth more than the president, and got in the elevator to the lobby. When Kevin stepped out onto the busy street outside his building, a valet called his name and he saw a young man pulling up to the sidewalk in Kevin's black, convertible Ford Shelby GT500. The rev of the engine died and the valet stepped out of the car. He handed Kevin the keys and opened the door for him.
Kevin started the engine and pulled into the clogged New York City traffic.
When he arrived at his office, the entire floor was in pandemonium. Naba rushed up to Kevin and embraced him. "Kevin you're over two hours late, we thought you got hit by a taxi or something!" She exclaimed. Arnold ran into the room and let out a breath of relief.
"Oh my god you're alive. Thomas, I told you he didn't get kidnapped by Kim Jong Un!" He exclaimed.
Thomas shrugged.
"Guys I'm fine, I just had a late night that's all." Kevin said. His friends calmed down slightly, but everyone kept a close eye on him for the rest of the morning.
At exactly three o'clock, Thomas and Arnold entered Kevin's office with a thick file folder. "We've got your outline, sir." Thomas said.
Kevin closed his laptop and looked at the two men. "Okay, let's hear it."