
Eventually, and inevitably, the topic of Kevin's broken hand was brought up. "Kevin, I couldn't help but notice that fierce purple cast you've got on. What happened?" Amy asked.
Kevin looked at his casted hand laying in his lap and then at Connor before turning to Amy and putting on, what Naba called, "the CEO smile".
Just another one of Kevin's looks that she had cataloged.
This smile had the ability to make anybody feel insignificant next to Kevin much like an employee would feel standing next to their company's CEO. He managed to undermine people with a bright shiny smile, and it was thanks to this grin that Amy accepted Kevin's sub-par answer of: "I broke my hand."
After their interview was over, Kevin and Connor walked off the set while Amy talked about Christmas shopping on eBay.
"See I told you that wasn't gonna be bad!" Kevin said triumphantly as they exited the studio.
"The audience said awwww, when I answered a question, like I was a kitten or something."
"And?"
"And I'm a grown man not a kitten."
"I don't know Connor, you have many kitten-esque qualities."
Connor rolled his eyes. "I don't even know what that means, Kevin."
From behind them, a breathless voice shouted Connor's name and both men turned to see where it had come from.
Ben Schrader, Connor's cast mate jogged up to them. "Hey Con!" He said cheerfully.
Connor smiled a wide genuine smile. "Ben! We just finished Good Morning America!"
"Oh my god that's so cool! We have to watch it backstage with the guys later."
Ben looked over at Kevin and smiled, extending a hand that Kevin shook. "Ben Schrader."
"I'm-"
"Kevin Price, no introduction needed. I'm a huge fan of your magazine."
This Ben guy wasn't too bad, Kevin could get used to him.
"Well Kev, I've got a preview so I'll see you later." Connor said patting Kevin's back. They said their goodbyes and Connor and Ben walked off towards Broadway.
Kevin walked on his own to the office where Naba greeted him from her desk. "Morning Mr. Price, good job on TV today." She said, not looking up from her keyboard. "Thanks Naba, did Thomas watch?"
"He was practically in tears, the poor guy. This project is his baby."
Kevin laughed at the thought of Thomas weeping over an episode of Good Morning America and walked into his office. He wasn't feeling particularly inspired that day which was unfortunate because he had planned to crank out more of his article.
Suddenly Kevin had an idea, he went down to the street and got his car from a valet. He drove to Connor's apartment, grabbed the key that Connor kept under the mat and let himself in. It always annoyed Kevin that Connor kept his spare key where any passing psycho could find it, but now he was thankful that Connor never listened.
In Connor's snug little living room was a large shelf that housed his DVD collection. Kevin browsed the titles and tried to find something weird and delightful to watch. A battered case on the coffee table caught Kevin's eye. It's DVD was still in the player, Connor must've watched it recently. Kevin read the title "Romancing the Stone" off of the beat-up plastic case. It seemed very 80s so Kevin popped the disk into the case with a shrug and slipped it into his suit jacket.