
As the moon shined brightly upon the night sky, I jumped from roof to roof of the houses in the town. It was a small village in the desert with an Egyptian looking castle.
I hopped down into an alley behind two small box shaped houses. Sitting down in the shadows, I pulled out my canteen from my leather satchel. How did I get it exactly? I stole it from the castle. I took a drink, sighed, and put it back.
Yes. I am a thief. I just...grew up like that. The place I lived in didn't exactly care about us poor people. No they only cared about the upperclassmen. Thats how its been for a good 18 years. Yep, im 18 years old. And I hate this place. The people who live in that castle may seem innocent but they aren't.  I know their secret. If anything I as well have a secret. But not many people know about it. The only person who knew about it was....Red.
Red. He was my childhood friend who also grew up here. He was the one to teach me how to steal without getting caught. He was my bestfriend but I felt like he was my brother. I miss him...alot. I miss his raven black hair. His crimson red eyes that were able to read my mind. I haven't seen him in ages. Dang, he could be dead for all I know. The guards caught him and he's probably dead by now.
I shook my head. I didn't want to remember that day. I stood up pulling my black hood from my cloak over my head. I walked out of the alley keeping my head down. I didn't want anyone to notice my blond hair and I especially didn't want the upperclass to turn me in. If you get caught by the guards, you'd either die or become a slave to serve to the king.
Thats how its always been. Thats how it always will be, unless of course, the people revolt against the king. Then this horrible system would burn and turn to ashes. Thats all Red would ever talk about. Taking over the castle and gaining our freedom.
No...stop thinking about Red. I walked through the abandoned streets of town. Of course no one would be up this late. By the position of the moon, it was practically midnight.
"Hey Yellow. What are you doing?" I yelped as Blue jumped down from the roof of a house next to me. "Jeez Blue! You gave me a heart attack." I hissed.  She gave me an innocent look and pouted. "Sowwy." I sighed. "Its fine. Just don't pop up like that. I could have been running from the guards!" She rolled her eyes. "Gosh Yellow, I said I was sorry. Anyways, lets go back to my place." She grabbed my wrist and started dragging me over to her house.
If you're wondering, Blue is a thief. Red, Blue, and I were some of the most wanted thieves. But alas, only Blue and I are left. You see, before Red got taken away, we had a gang. We stole stuff from the rich and gave to the poor. Red was the best so he was leader. Again, WAS leader. Everyone looked up to him. After the incident with Red, our people grew terrified. I told Blue he "dissapeared" and she told the rest of the towns folk. But I know what really happened. I was there in the flesh.
By now he should be 19. I wonder how he is. If he's even alive. They most likely killed him because he has stolen lots of pocessions from the king. The chances of him still alive and working as a slave are very slim. Actually, most of us "gem thieves", as they like to call us, all have a better chance at death then being alive to tell the tale of our legacy.
"Hey. Yellow, you okay? You're spacing out." Blue looked at me worried. "Huh. Oh yeah. Im fine. Sorry. I didn't mean to make you worry." Blue frowned and pulled the hood of her purple cloak down revealing to top of her brown hair. She openned the door and walked inside. I stood outside the door. For whay reason? I don't know.
"Oh come on in Yellow. You know this house is yours as well as mine." She pulled me in, shutting the door behind her. She dragged me over to the couch and sat me down. "Just stay here. I'll make us some tea." She walked over to her kitchen and took out a kettle. She filled it with water and put it on the stove. She turned to look at me.
"So steal anything worth while?" I shook my head. "No. I couldn't steal tonight. The king was having a party." She nodded. "Yeah well I heard he's going to throw an even bigger party tomorrow night."
"Okay. Thanks for telling me." This could be my chance. I can find out if Red is alive. Since the king is throwing a big party, he'll need all his workers to work the party. Then I can sneak in and see if I find him...................Okay. Tell me what you guys think. Should I continue or nah? ^^