
Connor pondered what Naba had said. "I didn't know that about Kevin. I did my research of course, but there was never anything online about his past."
Naba frowned. "Kevin made sure of that, the only reason I know is because Kevin has a tendency to be a sad-drunk, especially during the winter time. He told me his life story one night when I was driving him home from a bar at three in the morning."
Arnold sighed and glanced over at Kevin and Steve who were deep in conversation. "You know him so well Neutrogena."
Naba stifled a giggle. "Arnold, it's Nabulungi, and I told you to stop trying. Just call me Naba."
Arnold blushed but nodded, shoving his glasses up the bridge of his nose.
"Hey where did Thomas and James go?" Connor asked, looking around the party.
"James went to the bathroom awhile ago, a few minutes after he left, Thomas got a text and he left urgently." Arnold said. Connor smirked, he'd heard that one before.
When the first speaker stepped on-stage, the room hushed. Connor stood up and stomped back to his chair, that Steve Blade still occupied. Clearing his throat loudly, Connor placed a hand on Steve's shoulder. "Well I'm glad you two could get acquainted. How about you exchange Instagrams and get on with things because the event is starting." He said bluntly.
Steve laughed and stood up, he pecked a quick kiss on Connor's forehead and waved goodbye to Kevin before leaving them their table back. Kevin watched Steve go with a smile. "What a great guy, why did you break-up with him? He seems like the holy grail of gay men."
Connor yanked his chair out and sat down, crossing his arms. "I didn't break-up with him, Kevin. Mr. Blade cheated on me with her." Connor pointed at a woman sitting with Steve at another table. Kevin sucked in a breath. "That sucks, pal."
The night's speakers included critics, actors (Connor gave a heartwarming speech), and even Trey, the show's creator. In the middle of Trey's speech, James Church emerged from the men's room, looking quite disheveled. He smoothed his suit and hair out as he walked through the silent room. A few moments after James sat back down, Thomas reentered the room, looking equally as rumpled as James. They both sat noticeably close to one another, and Arnold could swear he'd seen James place his hand on Thomas' thigh at least five times throughout dinner.
After the party, everyone milled around the venue's lobby saying goodbyes and exchanging phone numbers.
"Oh Kevin look!" Connor exclaimed, grabbing Kevin's arm and tugging him over to a couch. He pointed at the object of his amazement and Kevin followed his finger to see a set of white throw pillows adorned with the logo for Connor's musical.
"That is the coolest thing I've ever seen! I'd kill for one of those!" Connor said wistfully before walking off. Kevin examined one of the throw pillows, taking notice of a zipper on the side of the white cover.
Outside, the press mobbed all of the glittering attendees, but a quote from Kevin Price was the highest prize. Both Connor and Kevin had to fight their way through the crowd to get to the street where cars were waiting. Naba hailed a cab for herself instead of taking a town car, Arnold held the door open for her and she blushed brightly as she got into the car.
When the town cars pulled up to the curb, everyone began piling into their respective rides.