
"They just got in the elevator, I tried to stop-"
Naba didn't get to finish because Kevin was already taking the stairs two at a time from the 36th floor down to the street below. James, Thomas, and Arnold arrived next.
Naba kicked off her heels. "He's going down to the street, let's go." She said, before leading everyone down the stairs.
On the street, Steve was starting the engine of his Lexus with a hand on Connor's thigh in the passenger seat next to him. Kevin erupted from the main lobby and ran to Steve's car. He yanked the door open and practically dragged Steve onto the sidewalk. By his tie, Kevin yanked Steve up to a standing position and shoved him up against the car.
"Don't touch Connor McKinley again. Don't talk to Connor McKinley again. Don't go near Connor McKinley again." He punctuated each sentence with a punch to Steve's face. "If I see your face around here ever again, I will destroy you as an artist, a celebrity, and as a person." He hit Steve hard in the solar plexus, causing him to drop to his hands and knees and gasp for air.
Kevin crouched down and grabbed Steve's chin, turning his head up to look straight into his eyes. "Do I make myself clear?"
Steve nodded desperately, and clutched at his car door for support.
"Connor get out of the car." Kevin said gently. Connor climbed out of the car and stood behind Kevin, holding his left arm and shoulder like a shield.
Kevin turned around to the crowd of people that had gathered, his friends standing at the front. "James, drive Steve to the hospital." He said, before taking Connor by the hand and pushing through the crowd and back into the building.
James grabbed Steve and practically tossed him into the backseat of his own car. He got into the driver's seat and started the engine. "You really fucked up this time Steve Blade."
Steve just groaned in pain.
"When Kevin cares about something, you don't mess with it. I've seen that man fully recover from a complete mental breakdown because he had a job to do. You were stupid to think that you'd get off easy for this." James made an unnecessarily sharp turn to rock Steve around in the back.
"Kevin and Connor are there for one another and any doubts you had about Kevin's willingness to protect that guy should be long gone for your own sake."
The Lexus pulled into the ER parking lot and James dragged Steve out of the backseat. He tossed him his keys and gave him a shove towards the hospital entrance. "And if you show your face again, Kevin isn't the only one you'll have to deal with."