
A week later, Kevin had mostly recovered from his breakdown. He was back to doing what he loved most, telling people what to do.
Thursday was the day of the cover shoot, Kevin sat in the makeup department as stylists dusted foundation over the dark circles around his eyes. A side effect of his breakdown was insomnia.
Calvin Klein's suit was absolutely stunning and Kevin looked like a James Bond in it. The pants fit him amazingly and made his ass look fantastic; the jacket sleeves were the perfect length for him.
James watched the photo shoot like a hawk. Even though he technically didn't work for the magazine, the entire art department feared his stern gaze and if he said "jump", forty-five artists would ask "how high?".
"No you idiot!" James shouted at a lighting technician. "I said delicate fading monotones, not a fucking spotlight!"
With shaking hands, the tech adjusted the light and James nodded his approval.
"Now Kevin, hands in your pockets." James instructed. Slightly tired, Kevin obeyed.
"No, your jacket pocket not your pants pockets." James specified.
Again Kevin obliged.
"Okay, lean forward slightly."
Finally, the shoot ended once James got his shot. He had ended up taking the photographer's camera for a short time and trying to get the shot himself.
At one point, James Church got so riled up that Thomas led him into another room to "calm him down", he explained to Kevin. Never the less, when James returned, he was significantly more relaxed.
After the photo shoot, Kevin went up to his office to try and catch a nap.
"Hey, Kevin." A voice said from behind him as Kevin walked through the reception area.
Kevin spun around on his heels and saw Connor sitting on a couch, slouching slightly.
"What are you doing here Connor?" He asked.
"I wanted to talk."
"No." Kevin started to go back into his office when he heard a rustling sound. He looked back to see Connor holding two bags from the A&P.
"What are those?" Kevin asked, trying to mask his curiosity.
Connor wiggled the bags slightly and gave Kevin a small smile. "An incentive."
Kevin sighed. "Fine, let's talk."