
Oh my god.
"Connor we need to go." Kevin whispered.
"What?"
"Anna and I had a thing. It didn't end well, we need to go"
Connor stood up and began saying goodbye but if was too late.
"Kevin?" Anna said. He had turned his back to her but it's pretty easy to recognize Kevin Price from any meticulously groomed angle.
"Uh no, me llamo Andrew." He said desperately.
"Oh my god, Kevin Scott Price. I'm going to whoop your two-timing ass!" Anna exclaimed.
Connor grabbed Kevin by the wrist. "Let's go!" He cried and they took off running.
Anna didn't follow the two men, but just to be sure, they put enough room between themselves and the foodtruck as possible.
When Connor and Kevin stopped running they found themselves outside a coffee shop. Connor glanced into the window and saw that the shop was still open. "Wanna go in?" He asked.
Kevin nodded.
Inside the coffee shop, Connor claimed a table by the huge shop window and Kevin ordered a giant cup of black coffee before joining him.
"Kevin, who are you?" Connor asked.
"What?"
"I mean, okay sure you're Kevin Price sexy editor extraordinaire, but under that... who is Kevin Price?"
"I don't know. Who is Connor McKinley?" Kevin asked, trying to change the topic before he ended up spewing his backstory.
"Hmm, Connor McKinley is a dreamer. He always wanted to originate a Broadway role and now he's doing that, but he's not done. Connor is also writing a play and trying to start his own charity organization." Connor said wistfully.
"You're writing a play?"
"Yeah, it's called '8'. It's about the famous trial around California's Proposition 8."
"That law about gay marriage?"
"Yup."
"What about your charity?"
"It's still a work in progress, I'm not ready to talk about it yet, but don't you go changing the subject! Tell me about you!" Connor exclaimed.
Kevin blushed, talking about himself was one of his favorite activities but it felt weird with Connor.
"I don't know what to say. If you want my life story just check USWeekly."
"No, no. I don't want the story of shiny magazine Kevin, I want the story of my Kevin."
"Your Kevin?"
"Yeah, the Kevin that let me into his house at midnight to watch Indiana Jones and then drank a whole bottle of vodka."
"It was half a bottle."
"It was a big bottle."
"You got me. You want my life story? You won't like it."
"Not your tragic backstory, just tell me your dreams, where do you want to be in ten years?"
"In ten years I want to still be doing what I'm doing now. Editing my magazine, getting girls, going to parties, and making a shit-ton of money."
Connor smirked. "That's pretty shallow, Kev. You don't have any spiritual goals?"