
"Where's Connor?" Kevin asked, looking around the conference room. James, Thomas, Naba, and Arnold sat at the table but Connor's seat was empty. Arnold raised his hand.
"Arnold, for the third time, you don't have to raised your hand. Just talk."
"Mr. Blade isn't here either sir."
Steve wasn't invited to the meeting, but Kevin didn't know that he hadn't even showed up to the office that day.
Naba pulled her phone out of her pocket and waved it at her boss. "I'll text him." She said.
Connor where r u? Meeting is starting.
A few seconds later Connor replied:
@ Steve's house, I'm not coming in today.
Naba sent another message:
Kev's having a meeting. It's v. important
A few moments later Connor replied again:
Let me rephrase that: not with Steve, ON Steve. Ttyl
Naba placed her phone on the table awkwardly and cleared her throat. "Connor won't be coming in today, Kevin." She said.
"And Steve?" He asked.
"I'm gonna have to make an educated guess and say that he won't be here either."
Kevin huffed and rolled his eyes, "Well this was a very important announcement. James, I want you to go to Connor's house after this and tell him personally what he missed word for word."
James glared at Kevin. "What the fuck?" He said.
Thomas placed a hand in James' lap and shook his head from side to side while shushing him.
"My birthday is in three days and I want to make sure you all know what happens on my birthday and the day before. Nabulungi, take it away."
Naba stood up with a clipboard and face the three men staring at her with confused looks.
"The day before Kevin's birthday is a day of reflection and appreciation before Kevin's actual birthday when we'll be having a huge party with celebrity guests and a coffee fountain."
Kevin nodded approvingly while Naba talked, then dispersed his workers before returning to his office.
"James!" Naba called, chasing after him into the hall. James stopped and turned around. "What?"
"Connor isn't at his house, he's at Steve's in Manhattan. I'll get you the address."
"Hold on, I actually have to do that?"
"Yes, it's best not to think about it. Just do it."
James rolled his eyes. "Fine, get me the address."
Naba opened up a file on her computer and scribbled Steve's address on a piece of paper that James slipped into his jacket. "Now get out off here, I've got celebrities to call and a fountain to order." Naba said, waving James away.
On his way to the elevator, James was stopped by his boyfriend. "Do not start anything with Steve." Thomas warned.
"Why not?"
"Because he'll break your face and you're so pretty." Thomas said with a smile before kissing James lightly and shoving him into the elevator.
Steve Blade lived near his gallery in a stately brick town house.
James lifted the door knocker and dropped it back against the blue wooden door. He heard sounds from inside then a lock turning. Connor answered the door in a pair of plaid boxers and a large t-shirt. When he saw James, Connor's eyes widened and he tried to smooth his tousled hair. "Uh, hey James. Can I help you with something? Are you looking for Steve? He can't, um, see anyone right now."