
The one night that Kevin had managed to get to sleep at a normal time, he was woken up by a horrible hacking sound.
He climbed out of bed, almost tripping over a sheet that was tangled around his ankle, and opened up his bedroom door cautiously. The sound continued and Kevin found the source by the stove in his kitchen. Bella was coughing and throwing-up all over the black tile. Kevin gasped and stumbled backwards, he couldn't approach his dog because of the mess and he was forced to watch her whimper as she vomited helplessly.
"Bella, honey, Daddy's here okay?" Kevin tried to get his dog's attention to calm her down but she was in too much pain. He attempted to reach out to her but it was too hard, Kevin couldn't go near the mess of dog vomit on the floor. He whistled and clapped his hands. "C'mon girl, it's okay. Look!" Bella started sniveling and her eyes looked foggy.
Fritz trotted into the room and cocked his head to the side curiously when he saw Kevin on his hands and knees. He started snuffling around Kevin's feet. "Fritz no! Not now, boy!"
Bella's little legs looked shaky and Kevin didn't know what to do. "I've got to help her." Kevin said to Fritz who barked up at him.
Kevin went back to his room and unplugged his phone that was charging on the nightstand. He dialed the number of someone he knew could help.
"Kevin? Are you okay?"
"Naba I need help."
"What's wrong?"
"Bella is sick and there's a mess so I can't help her."
"I'll be right there."
If there was anyone in his life that Kevin could depend on when it came to his disability, it was Nabulungi. No matter how trivial the task or situation seemed, she was always there to try and make things easier for him.
When Naba arrived, she cleaned up the vomit and wiped Bella down with a wet rag while Kevin watched nervously. He stood in the bathroom doorway and wrung his hands, watching Naba lean over the bathtub and wash his dog. When Bella was cleaned off, Naba handed her to Kevin.
He grabbed his little dog and clutched her tightly against his chest. She radiated heat and her breath stank.
Kevin and Naba moved to the couch where they sat and examined the dog.
"Kevin, I think Bella might be sick. Like, really sick." Naba said, looking at something on her phone screen. "She's got all the symptoms."
Kevin rubbed his thumb on his dog's velvety ear. She whimpered and rested her chin on Kevin's knee. "Honey, Daddy's gonna get you help okay? We're gonna take you to the doctor sweetie."
That night after Naba left, Kevin slept with his dogs, suddenly disregarding all of the hesitations he'd had about doing it in the past.
In the morning, Nina came over and bathed both dogs then Connor came over because Naba had told him what happened.
Connor banged on Kevin' front door until Nina opened it, looking flustered.
"Hola Connor, como esta?" Nina asked cheerfully.
Connor leaned forward and kissed her cheek. "Muy bien Nina, gracias. Donde esta Kevin y Bella?"
"En el baño de Mr. Price."
"Gracias."
Nina squeezed past Connor and left. Connor walked into Kevin's bathroom and found him sitting on floor with his two dogs. He looked up at Connor in the doorway with a confused expression.
"What are you doing here Connor?"