
"Pardon?" Kevin asked, raising an eyebrow.
"The social custom is: one person introduces themselves then the other person does the same, it's not complicated." Connor said.
Kevin was taken aback by the reprimanding tone in Connor's voice, but he wasn't used to being bossed around so he complied. "I'm Kevin Price." He mumbled.
"See, that wasn't so hard! Even billionaire playboys need manners. Manners make the man, my golden rule." Connor exclaimed.
Kevin sat down behind his desk and gestured for Connor to sit across from him. Connor walked up to the giant mahogany desk and sat himself right on top of the expensive piece of furniture, eliciting a small, yet horrified, gasp from Kevin.
"Let's talk business." Kevin said, obvious discomfort in his voice as he stared at the man sitting on his desk.
"Something wrong?" Connor asked, grabbing a bowl of purple skittles from Kevin's desk and placing it in his lap.
Kevin gulped. "You're sitting on my desk." He said.
"Does that make you uncomfortable? Well pal, that's showbiz. If you aren't ridiculously uncomfortable then you aren't doing it right. Y'know what I do to help myself get over things, it's a little trick I learned called 'turning it off'." Connor said, hopping down and sitting in one of the leather chairs in front of the desk.
Kevin ignored Connor's advice and carried on trying to talk about his primary goal, writing the article.
"Every morning at eight we'll meet here and go over an itinerary for the day, then we'll set out and I'll write while you do whatever it is you do."
Connor let out a loud, lilted laugh that mesmerized Kevin for a second. "Itinerary? No way Kev, I don't know my plans in the morning. Heck, I don't even know my plans when I doing them!"
The lack of organization was beginning to get to Kevin's head and he clenched a pencil tightly in his hand until it snapped.
"Woah did you just snap a pencil? My sister can do that, she's pretty cool." Connor said cheerfully.
Connor's uppity personality was getting on Kevin's nerves but he couldn't risk upsetting the only Broadway actor in New York who would help him. Connor continued talking about his sister and Kevin tuned him out.
Oh god I can't do this. I hear London is nice this time of year, maybe someone on West End will let me shadow them...
"Ready?" Connor asked, interrupting Kevin's thoughts.
"What?"
"Let's go, I've got to get to work." Connor stood up and dropped the empty candy dish back onto Kevin's desk before walking out of the office. Numbly, Kevin moved the dish back into its place and followed Connor. When he passed Naba's desk he stopped.
"I need fifty-six more purple skittles in my candy dish." He said. Naba nodded sympathetically and watched her boss leave.
Kevin followed Connor down onto the bustling street below. He waved at a valet to get his car brought up, but Connor shook his head. "Nope, we aren't that far from the theater. We're walking."
"Walking? I'm not wearing walking shoes, these are from Italy and they're very expensive." Kevin complained.
Connor shrugged. "Invest in a pair of Chuck Taylors, you'll need 'em." He started walking and Kevin jogged over to his side.
"I'll invest in sneakers if you invest in a tie that isn't hideous." He retorted.