
Those dogs are coot.. Lol anyways.. Let's start the book (I'm not random, u just don't think as fast as me)↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️Kellin is an ordinary teenage girl, she is 17 years old, she has brown hair that is kind of light and dark in a way, and gorgeous blue eyes. She also has snakebites (a type of lip piercing) and her belly button pierced, no ear piercings or anything else, Just those two things.
It was kellins first day of school and she seemed very asocial. Every time someone tried to talk to her she would just shrug or nod her head.
After a few days-- or maybe weeks, she started to become more sociable with people.
Within the next few days she had a group of friends, they were all boys though.
The next day one of her friends from the group asked her to join lacrosse even though it was an all boys team and there was no girl team.
She said that she guessed she would try to try out. At her old school she was an amazing lacrosse player but there was actually a girls team.
When Kellin got home from school her dad told her that he had to get ready to go to war.
She didn't want him to go because she was afraid he wouldn't come back but he said that he had to and that he was ready.
She said okay and she understood but she still didn't want him to leave her. Especially when her mom is sick with leukemia, but he had to.
He told her that he promised he would come back to her and the rest of the family.
Kellin said okay, still not believing that he would come back. ↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️The next day at school Kellin tried out for lacrosse and she wasn't sure she'd make it. She didn't think that she would.
At the end of try outs the couch told her and this guy named Dylan that they made it.
She was surprised and all of the other guys on the team were extremely upset that they had to have a girl on their team. They thought that she would make them play horribly.
All Kellin could think, is just wait and see. They'll change their minds eventually.↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️↘️That day after school when Kellin got home her dad was waiting for her in the kitchen. He told her that he had to go, so they said goodbye and Kellin wouldn't see him for about a year.
-A/N
Sooo this is my second book. Tell me what u think of it so far pls. And don't forget to..VoteCommentShareAnd most of all, enjoy.
~maddiemad