
" yes it is my lady." Sebastian said about to shut the door. The ride wasn't long but we did stop a couple of times so ciel could get somethings.  We finally got to the place we were going to. Sebastian opened the door, the first one out was ciel then lizzy then Sebastian helped me out, we were at the phantomhive manchaone . finni ran out to help with the things but Sebastian had him help me instead, I almost squeled with happiness. When we got in the manchaone Sebastian got right to fixing my leg.
" Sebastian what will be for dinner?" Ciel asked walking up.
" young master we will have samion. Would you like scones with that, sur?" Sebastian said standing up.
" yes, bring it to my study when its ready." Ciel said walking away.
" yes, my lord." Sebastian said and I almost went crazy.
" so I guess I'll need to stay here until my leg gets better?" I said.
" yes, you can stay in one of are guest rooms. Finni will you show her were she will be staying." Sebastian said looking at finni.
" oh, yes Sebastian I will" finni said jumping I little. I couldn't stop myself from chuckling a bit. Finni showed me around which too about an hour then he showed me my room and I got settled in I poot my bag on the ground next to my bed.
" thanks finni for showing me around." I said tempted to kiss him, but I stopped myself.
" no problem just obeying orders." He said with a smile, " let me know if you need anything." Finni added.
" I will" I said with a smile and blushin a little bit. After he closed the door I got in my bag to find my phone at the bottom of it. I got to my note and typed everything that just happened. After a hour or so someone knocked on the door.
" can I come in?" It's was lizzy.
" umm.... Sure" I said putting my phone away and putting my bad under the bed. Lizzy walked in.
" Sebastian said dinner is almost ready." She said sitting next to me on the bed," so where are you from?" She added.
" umm.... Not far from here." I said hesitating,  I sighed I had to tell her, " can I tell you somethin?" i asked her.
" sure what is it," lizzy said.
" I'm from.... Well the year 2015" I said. She looked at me like I was crazy.
" what, how that's about a thousand years from now!" She said with shock.
" I don't know how but i was just walking down the street and. Saw a light I walked into it and the next thing I know I tripped over a rock I Hirt my leg." I said trying to make sense, " do you understand it now? That's why I don't have the same clothes as you do. " I added.
" i do understand but I don't, and you can us some of my cloches if that's ok with you?" She said trying to be as nice as possible.
" sure, thanks but please don't tell anyone." I said looking straight into her eyes.
" I won't tell anyone." She said tooking at me, " oh, I'll be right back." She said hoping of the bed.
" ok." I said with a big smile. After a few minutes she came back with a beautiful dress.
" here, I can help you change if you like." She said giving me the dress.
" oh yes, thank you I've never seen this kind of dress before." I said to lizzy as I set the dress on the bed.  it took almost an hour for me to get it on but I finally did, she also helped curl my hair when she was done I looked amazing.  After all of that we herd a knock on the door.