
HI! So before this starts when the boxtrolls are talking its in this font...Hello, how are you?------------------------------------------"EGGS! I need that!" I scream as I run to my 14 year old "brother". Yeah his not my brother as blood but I still love him! "Come on! We can listen to what that sound is if we use this!" He holds up my skin colour bra. "and why the hell would you need that?!" I scream still chasing him around the underground house. "It will connect it together!" He screams still running around. "FISH! TELL EGGS TO STOP!" I quickly grab fish who has just came down with Eggs dad. "Son! Give back Mint her stuff back."
Yep I have my own box, I didn't want to get rid on mine. Plus it's the best Mint! well it's Chocolate Mint Ice-cream. But still Mint or Coco id my nickname.
Egg sighs hand hands back my bra. "Now! Lets go to see Winnie, your GIRLFRIEND!" He rolls his eyes and starts to chase me, I quickly run out of the underground house out to the streets. I run back ignoring Eggs calls.
Since this was my second time out of the house I still didn't know my ways around. As much a Egg did. The reason why I never go outside was because of Egg! he would be like... 'Mint! You can not! Leave the tunnel... blah blah!'Yeah okay MOTHER!
I continued to run, I was dark but I was use to it I ran faster when I saw a large house near the centre of the town. I quickly run up the stairs and knock on the door."WINNIE! OPEN BEFORE EGG GETS ME!" I didn't really like Winnie because she changed Egg! He use to be playful and childish. Now he is wearing button up cloths that stupid human wear.
The door opens slowly and a ginger colour hair. I opens up completely seeing Winnie in her night gown yawning."What do you want (Y/n)?" She sneered. I growled back."It's Mint, I don't care if Eggs dad says my real name is (Y/n)." I snap back not wanting to hit her."Oh sorry, but I need to sleep." She death glared me."Sleep? Why would you sleep? I just woke up 20 minutes ago!" She was about to reply until a voice echoed throw the town. In the fog their was a shadow, I easily guessed who it was."EGGS! You're girlfriend is being mean!" I whined. "Yeah, well because for them it's bed time. They sleep differently to us." He snapped back with annoyed in his tone."Yeah! Wait!" She sniffs the air and then sniffs me and gives me a horrible look like she just ate mouldy cheese."EWWW! (Y/n) you smell! You need to be more like me and Eggs.""Isn't it Eggs and I." I looked at he growling but Eggs hit my in the stomach."Yeah you do smell. Mind cleaning her up?" She smiles evilly and nods. She grabs my hand and pulls me into her house."WHAT?! I DON'T WANT TO BE LIKE YOU AND EGGS!" I scream loudly. When he hears her it breaks his heart but knows it's for the best.
They finally got me into the bathroom with the over flowing bubbles. "Okay, Eggs get out." I looked at Eggs waiting for him to get out."But what if she runs off?" He defends. She sighed in defeat."Fine! But you are probably going to be scared. For life" She sighed. Honestly I didn't mind, because we have had baths together before when we were young. But haven't had it together for 4 years because of Eggs dad. And sure I have grown some boobs etc. But theirs nothing wrong with that ever girl has it, and I don't think he would mind.
I shrug an lift my box off and put it to the side. I look up to see them watching me."STOP WATCHING ME!" I screamed."I'm going back to bed, Eggs you give her a bath." She yawns and leaves the room."Hey, Eggs. Can we have baths together like old times?" I look at him with begging eyes."Sure. We haven't done it in a while." He nodded, and my face starts the heat up, I touch it confused but shrug it off.
He starts to take his shoes off and I take my top off showing my black bra. He smirks and takes his royal blue top off still looking at me. I gave him a question look."I don't like people staring egg! Turn around..." He surged and stuns around. I also turn around and take my pants off. I hear a splash sound and I see him in the bath tub already. He wiggles his eyebrows and I playfully roll my eye.