
***WARNING LEMON!***
I slip my undies down still facing away and unstrap my bar. I turn around and see a blushing Eggs smiling looking away. I jump in with his and the bath over flows with water. "Okay, Eggs since you have done this before you have to clean me." I smile at him and he rolls his eyes grabbing a weird bottle thing and white slime comes out. (*Shivers*)
He tells me to turn around and I groaned."Now. Close you're eyes it hurts when it gets into you're eye." He whispered into my ear, I shiver at his husky voice. I nod and close my eyes as he rubs his long smooth skinny fingers into my hair. I smile at his touch but upset when he stops. He gets a warm bucket of water and pours in on my head rinsing the bubbles out of my hair.
"Thanks for helping me." I smile and he chuckles. "Where not done yet, you have to clean me." He pouts. I roll my eyes and do what Egg did when he got the bubble hair maker and pored it onto my hands and rubbed into he dark brown hair. Once I was done rubbing it in I pored the bucket of warm water on him. He whips his head lift to right getting rid of the excess water from his hair. I giggle as he get some of the water on to my face."HEY!" I laugh playfully. He hummed responding to me. I wanted to get him back and I knew how my Egg hated hugs! I smirk evilly and quickly warp my arms around him pressing him close to me. "Hey! W-what are you doing!?" He tried to push me off but I held on tighter.
I felt something touch my knee. I moved my knee around it but stopped when I headed Eggs made the weirdest sound ever. "What was that noise?" I looked at him and he surged. He tried to make the noise again but I wasn't as good as the last one. "Hmmm. Strange it was when I touch that weird thing that touch me on the knee." I huffed under my breath. I try to find the thing that was touching me. Until I felt it. I toughed on it making him moan loudly. He quickly covered his mouth."Wait! Do-don't." I moved his hand away from his mouth and pull on the mysterious object."Is it connected to you?" I asked he nodded and stood up showing his body, he pointed to a weird dangling thing connected to him. "Does it hurt when I did it to you?" "UH, yes and no. It hurt b-but it felt good, c-can you do it again?" He looked down at me and I looked back up at him."Sure! I d-did enjoy doing it..." I mumble loud enough for him to hear me. I stocked his dangling thing. and he moaned softly."What should we call this thing?" I questioned still stroking it softly hearing his moans."L-lets call it... member?" I gave him a confused looked but nodded, I pulled harshly and he moaned LOUDLY! "I like that sound Eggs." I start thinking of other things I could do to continue to make him moan loudly like he just did.
After 5 minutes of loud moaning from Eggs he pulled me up."I want you yo also make those sounds." He whispered huskily into my left ear. He grabbed onto my boobs and moved his hands around making me squeal then slowly turned moans. He smirked and put his mouth over my nipple licking it (Honestly I think his to sweet to do this shit!) he then bit down on my nipple massaging the other side I moaned very loudly. He pulled away."Now I know how you feel." I looked down blushing. Out of no where he licked my neck I moan softly and he bit down suckling on my neck. I moaned loudly when he hit a spot and continued sucking their. He moved back looking at me but shocked when he sees the purple marks on my neck."Oh god I went to far I left bruises on your neck!" He panicked I looked at my neck and see purple marks on my neck and smile."Lets call them love kisses." I said I warped my arms around his neck and he warped his arms around my waist pulling me closer. He leaned down and placed a kiss on my lips I melted, I didn't know what was wrong with me but I kissed back he licked my lips but I didn't understand what he meant. He then moved one hand to my boobs and squished it I gasp and he slipped is tung into my mouth and moaned.