
"Umm sure." I said nervously. He smiled revealing his shiny bottom grill. I grabbed a fry and opened my ranch. I dipped my fry in there and looked up to see him staring at me.
I pushed my hair behind my ear nervously. Aside my family at home, I don't really talk to people. So me being nervous is nothing new. He looked down and ate his food while I looked down at my lap. At the corner of my eye I saw some girls pointing and laughing at me. I kept my head down as a tear rolled down my cheek.
"Girl do you see her shoes." One girl asked another girl. They laughed then sat behind me.I kept my head down wiping under my eyes."Whats ya' name ma'" T's friend asked. I wiped under my eyes once again and lifted up my head."Tamiko Aiko." I said. He wiped his hands on a napkin then leaned up against the table."Thats a pretty name fa' a pretty girl." I smiled. He's actually talking to me. The other night it seemed as if he was disgusted by my attire. Who knows.
"Whats your name?" I asked. He flashed that same smile then pushed his shades back from the tip of his nose."August.August Alsina." he said confidentialy. Its a very unusual name but I really like the sound of it."That sounds classy." I said which made him chuckle."Just a few minutes ago you was nervous ma" he said. I smiled then he did so too.
"Girl he's talking to that dusty bitch." the girl from earlier said. I couldn't stay there and let that girl insult me anymore. "I-I have to go." my voice cracked. I grabbed my food then got up out of my seat quickly."Whats wrong." he asked, grabbing my wrist. I looked in his eyes then I looked down at myself.The girls next to me were now standing infront of our table."Why are you talking to this dusty bitch baby?" the girl asked August. I yanked my arm from him then ran off. The tears were unstoppable. I heard him yell my name but I kept running. Why did my mama leave me here? She left me to be teased and laughed at.
I kept running when I felt someone grab me."Let me go August!" I yelled out with tears hitting my shirt like bullets during a shoot out."Dont listen to them ma'" He said as held me. I kept pushing him away."You don't understand! " I yelled. I pushed him away from me dropping my food that could last me weeks,then ran off again. "Nobody knows what I go through. " I yelled back at him.
I kept running til my little legs couldn't run anymore. I ran til my lungs gave out. I ran til my heart beated faster. I ran til my feet got tired because I damn sure don't want my shoes hanging on the power lines.
F.M.L.
Short chappie.What you think?Poor Baby.August is starting to care.
Comment•Vote•Add to your Library•Sorry for any mistakes.