
Tamiko AikoWhat is the hood? The hood is a lower part of all neighborhoods in other communities. Also known as the "Ghetto". I've been in the hood all my life along with my 2 brothers Milton who is 14 and Terrance who is 16, 3 sisters Camille who was 18,Jamille who was 18, and Shawn who is 12, and my 4 nieces Mina•1,Anarria•2,Komo•2, and Maliki•1. We lost the twins, Camille and Jamille in a shoot out over on the 7 ward.We all stayed in this abandoned house that was a bit condemned to the max. Our mama was here about a year ago and said that she will be back, we are still waiting.
For some reason I would think I'd see her walking around at least trying to avoid us but soon disappear after an blink of a eye. Sometimes I think she doesn't care for us really, I mean she's never here. Everyday I ask my self "What is a mother to do?" But get no answer. I have no mother really. My momma is kind of off, she's been that way every since Dad used to beat on her and she couldn't do anything. My brothers didn't know what Dad wanted them to do so they decided on doing nothing.
Dad was the top pimp,drug dealer, and man hoar of the NOLA. I mean no disrespect but the hoes he be getting are hideous, compared to my mom. How could he cheat, beat, and mistreat a woman with such beauty. Maybe I don't understand.
The day was starting off great since everybody had all smile on their faces. It hadn't occur to anyone that we were living in a messed up house that has mold, rats, ants, etc. We all were smiles and hugs over here. The Aiko's....well I can't be sure that all of us were Aiko's since we don't have the same dad but we are strong."Koko what you thinkin' about?" T asked. I wasn't even realizing that I had I life to get back to. I turned to him and smiled at the sight of Komo in his arms.
Lowkey Komo my favorite out of all my little babies. She's her Aunties keeper if I do say so myself."Give me my baby." I ignored his question and reached for little K who had looked like she just woke up since her hair was everywhere."You just completely ignored my question." He scoffed then handed me K. Once she got in my arms she fell back into her deep sleep.
"Mhm so what you doing today." I asked. He shrugged then sat down on the carpet. We usually don't do anything but wonder the streets. We don't have anyone to watch the youngins so we end up having to take turns watching them. Its hard but a daily struggle takes a process. Even though my mother wasn't here she taught me one thing with her actions in slow thought process "Never let your situation make the best of you, make the best of your situation." I didn't understand how I got that from her since she did the complete opposite of the saying.
I tickled and played with Komo for a minute before getting up to go to the park. It was never safe to walk by yourself in the streets but I didn't care. Never had I thought we would go down own so low to where we are now. People look at you differently because of your shoes and your situation. They see me as a bum, a crackbaby, just a nobody. They see you as just another person who's dreams they'd dream, were now crushed.
No one cares about your plead or cry, your starving body or your knowledgless mind. But do I think of myself as a victim of struggle? No because I am in responsibility for how far my family goes or how long they live.
I sat down on the swing and thought about this life. If I could go back to the times when Mama and Dad were happily married, I would. No stress•No tears•No Henessy, just love an happiness. At that time I was experiencing love myself. My boyfriend Dante was my everything. He gave me his all when he had nothing. I couldn't love him like I wanted to cause my father didn't approve.
Dante was always happy when he was around me. I can't think of one time he was upset. He was my life and I planned on being with him forever. One day we were walking down the street to my house and I went outside to get my jacket. When I came back he was laying down on the ground holding his chest. After that day I went crazy.