
Terrence Aiko(Tamiko in mm)"Maliki! Ooooo Maliki!" I sang to her. She was smiling and clapping her hands. I was sitting at home with the kids since everybody was out. We don't even go to school since we can't afford it. I mean I can't teach the kids what they supposed to know in school, because I forgot but I can teach them Don't smoke my weed 101.
I want to teach my babies that they daddy might not be here long but ima always be here in their hearts. I been selling to provide for my family. We don't got nobody else to watch us or lead us but god. Pops moved on without us,so did mama. Miko and I try to keep us together because you never know when DFACS coming yo' way.
Mina and Maliki are my daughters, and I love them so much. They mama put it on me to take care of them so that's what I did. Ghana,my babymama, been hooked on drugs since we had the twins.
I been seeing G around a lot, she don't look the same. I hate that she gotta' be this way but it is what it is.Maliki started clapping her hands and smiling hella' hard, causing me to smile to."Baby Baby Baby, ooooo." I sang to her. She started giggling and kissing all on my face. She loves and adores her young ass daddy.
"Man stop hitting me!" I heard Shawn say. I know Komo and Anarria in there beating ha' ass. Shawn stay messing with them; she know they like to tag team."Beat ha' ass y'all!" I yelled across the room. I'm real lucky that Miko ain't here because she like to tell us to "quiet down" because people might hear us. I mean I'm cautious... Sometimes but it dont matter really.
"I've got enemies got a lot of enemies. Got a lot of people trying to drain me of my energy." Shawn yelled. I shook my head then laid down on the floor with Maliki on my chest. I looked into her light bright brown eyes and smiled."We gone make it outta' here baby girl." I assured her.
Trust me we are.
°Tamiko Aiko°"If I were a boy...I would turn off my phone....tell everyone its broken...so think I was sleeping alone." I sang along with the music from the car I walked by. I was walking around the block singing along to the songs or rapping with the beats. I've always been this way when I'm alone. On minute I'm spitting bars and the next minute I'm singing.
I honestly would use my voice and stuff to get us out of here but then again I don't want to be famous. I dont know why but I just don't feel like being in the spotlight.
I kept walking with my head slightly down as I passed each house. It was mighty quiet around here other than the sirens from police cars and ambulances. That's the quietest it ever gets around here.Usually you hear gunshots and families laughing or partying for whatever reason. I wish I had a middle class family. A family that didn't really worry about money like a low class family. But it could only get better....Right?
-"Alright that will be $21.50, ma'am." The lady said as I reached in my pocket praying to god I had enough.She gave me a disgusted look so looked down embarrassed at my attire. I pulled out $20.30 and automatically got irritated. Someone came up from behind me and paid for all the food.I turned around and it was T's friend. I grabbed the food then turned back around to him, he was smiling. I smiled back then mouthed Thank you to him. He nodded then walked up to get his food.
I sat down at the cleanst table I could find and opened the Styrofoam to go box. The steam from the freshly cooked wings hit my face. The nice smell soon came along. I picked up a French fry and tossed it into my mouth. Oh how I missed the taste of these. I closed my eyes moaning. It tasted so good. "Aye ma can I sit witcha'" I opened my eyes and T's friend was standing with his food in his hands.