
I couldn't contain my anger, I was so upset. I had once again lost someone from violence. I loved Dante with all that was left of me now he's gone. I wondered why god took away the innocent ones that loved and cared for everybody. We may never know.
I kicked my feet back and forth, feeling the cool breeze of the winter everytime. I looked over at the next swing and it was empty. I was saddened all over again. "I miss you Dante." I said to myself. A tear fell from my eyes but I quickly wiped it cause ima G like that. I looked down at my shoes and broke down. I feel like a fucking bum. Now I'm really questioning god.
"It gets better baby....trust me." Dante had once told me in his struggling days. Not once have I doubted my baby and I will continue to ride for him even though he's in a better place. That's the Ambitious of a rider.
August Alsina"Mel shut the fuck up!" I groaned. This nigga been trying to sing If I were a boy for da' past few hours. Everytime he hit the wrong note he start ova'. If he wanted a nigga to sing his ass to sleep I woulda' done it but na' he tryna' kill me.
We was sitting down at the trap waiting to be called for some drops. That nigga Ashely been tripping since we got here. Ion even be listening to him cause how you gone be a OG and yo goddamn name is Ashely. "Yungin nigga getcho ass up and have some fun damn." Terrence said. I swear these niggas give me a headache everytime a nigga come.
I shook my head the let out the smoke from the blunt. Terrence been part of the grind since I started this shit. He didn't really tell us about his background and I been curious. I know his pops was Redd, this nigga crazy ass hell though. I think he only got bout a few kids.
"I was running through the six wit my woes!" Terrence yelled along wit' Mel. I started bobbing my head then got up doing the whip. "What the fuck." JJ mouthed. He started patting Mel and telling them to look. Im confident as hell in my dancing cause a nigga can bust sum'."Nigga you look like a drunk retard." Terrence said. They stay talk about a nigga dancing but I look betta then a lot of these niggas.
"Man fuck y'all." I sucked my teeth and drunk some of the ciroc that was sitting right on the table. I wun' planning on going home since my mama been tripping. Talking bout she gone kick me out just cause I'm selling. If she gone complain about money then don't worry about how I get it.
The hours passed by in the day and it was around night.Mel and them was sleep but me and Terrance was still up. He been looking out the window for the past few minutes."Aug you know the freaks come out at night." He said. I swear foe' god if he don't shut the fuck up I'll shoot his ass. He say the stupidest shit eva'.
"Yea that lil $10 dollar hoe come out at night too." I chuckled then looked at him to see if he caught that. It be this girl that come get him from the trap every night and she bout dusty as hell. If she got all that shit off of ha' then maybe a nigga would fuck but that probably ain't gone happen."Man I done told yo' ass that ain't one of ma' hoes." He said. I smacked my teeth then finished off the rest of my blunt.
"You ain't gotta' lie Craig." I yelled. T gave me this ugly ass face, oh Nevermind that how he normally look."Bye Felicia." He said. Before I could say somethin' the doe' opened and that girl walked in."Terrence come on." She said. I swea' this girl could be Felicia off Friday but she playing."ight I'm coming." T said. I looked at lil mama and then T, they look just alike."Y'all twins or some shit like that?" I asked. If he say yes ima die.