
Maria povWe all stared at, Melinda. My feelings were everywhere. The man chuckled loudly, the sound bouncing off the walls."this is why they need to let me go. I'll take care of you. I'll love you. They probably all hate you now, just leave with me." A loud growl filled the air, I'm guessing it was from Caleb. "My a$ if she's leaving with you. She's my mate. You don't love her, and you never will." Caleb growled loudly. Melinda turned around until she was facing the man we now know his name is, "Christan". She bent down and smacked him. We all laughed loudly, and christian gave us the "don't you dare", look. I turned away feeling extremely uncomfortable, at the death glares I was receiving. Melinda sighed loudly, she bent back down and gave Christian a fake- pity- full look. "You're becoming extremely annoying," She whispered darkly at him.
In a blink of the eye Melinda was on on top of Christian. Luke gripped my arm probably in worry something is gonna go wrong. Recently Melinda's been really weak, we're not sure what's wrong but she hasn't been feeling well in general. I looked back at Melinda, but she was walking away from Christian. Her hands trembled and she shook her head in regret of what she had just done. She looked down at the blood on her hands she shook her head and started to scream loudly, "No, no, no." She said trying to wipe some of the blood off her face, but she backs into a corner, probably not knowing she failed at wiping it off but succeeded at spreading it across her face. Tears rolled down her cheeks and we all moved towards her ignoring the dead body on the ground. We all tried to help her but she didn't want to talk to us. The most we got was a repeated,"I killed him."•+•+•+•+•+ ~"Maybe it's not our way of looking at life, maybe it's what we with our lives. We'll never get the chance to redo our life, so why do we worry about the wrong we did ? Shouldn't we celebrate all the good we did"?~ || Luke's P.O.V ||"I feel like I don't know anything about you," Maria whispered, her dark brown eyes set on mine. Why would she ever feel like that, I question myself. 'Maybe it's because you don't know anything about her, and she doesn't know anything about you!' Leo said in a angry tone in the back of my head, maybe he's right........ "I'm twenty three. My dad was killed in a rouge attack when I was 10. My mom, oh my mom. She's still alive but we hardly talk, hardly. My brother.... He's alive, but he did something. He did something I'd never be able to forgive him for.! Now I feel like I don't know anything about you." I spoke stroking her cheek softly. She hummed, "I'm also twenty three. I had a friend named Alexis, she was my first friend. My mom, I guess she was just the basic type of mom. My dad was the stereotype dad, he would come in and out of my life like it meant nothing to him. He left his pack, and no one else knows where he went. I guess Alexia was the only one I had. I'll always thank her for the good she did for me." Well now she has me. •+•+•+•+•+•+ ᕼeᒪᒪo!! ᔕoᖇᖇy ᗩᗷoᑌt tᕼe ᔕᕼoᖇt ᑕᕼᗩᑭteᖇᔕ !! ᖇeᗩᒪᒪY I ᗩᗰ' ! ᗷᑌT I ᖴEEᒪ ᒪIKE ᗰY ᑕᕼᗩᑭTEᖇᔕ ᗯOᑌᒪᗪ ᔕᑌᑕK Iᖴ I ᑕOᑎTIᑎᑌEᗪ TᕼEᗰ''!! IᒪY ᑕᑌᑭᑕᗩKEᔕ