
I kicked him as he threw me over his shoulder, I knew I wasn't going to succeed. He dropped me on the bed as I cuddled up on the bed, the left side of bed! The left side, he hates the left side! A delightful scent filled the air, Luke. I curled up into a ball, I felt Luke's large body enter the bed.. He wrapped his arms around me and I flinched slightly still not feeling totally comfortable around him. "Go to sleep, I know you're awake.", he mumbled as he ran his hand down my bare arm. I closed my eyes forcing my sleep into my slumber. ••••~ It's not really anything he said, or anything he did. It's the feeling that comes along with it. And the crazy thing is, I don't know if I'm ever gonna feel that way again..But I don't know if I should...~"Hey, hey, hey! Wake up!", the soft whisper said. I rubbed my eyes trying to adjust to my surroundings. Luke's room. A loud groan filled the air, I shifted towards the noise. The girl in front of me looked so familiar, but I still couldn't remember her name."Here get ready and put this outfit on!You have to hurry I woke you up late!", the girl spoke in a panicky voice as she left the room.I took a short cold shower, doing the usual. I wonder what's so important, I have to get up this early! After my shower I looked at the clock.. It isn't early, it just turned twelve thirty. Oh. I brush through my long black tangled hair, which feels like I'm ripping out my scalp. But I'm not! I look at the outfit on the table beside the bed. It was a long blue lacy shirt, along with black jeans, and black heels with silver spikes. I slipped the outfit on, and walked down the stairs, which was harder than it seems with these shoes!! The large dining room had lots of people spread out across different places in the room, people were getting food, some were socializing, and a group of five were talking to Luke. I seen the girl that was in the room, I walked towards her holding onto tables and chairs that where near.      "Why are you making me attend this pack meeting?!", I whisper in her ear. She turns around giving me a pity-full look.     "Hun, this isn't a pack meeting. This is the welcoming of the Alphas mate, our Luna!"•••*comment**vote**follow me*