
MELINDA'S P.O.V ~~~~"I'm complicated!" I mumble harshly to Caleb, he pulled me back onto the bed, "You're gonna tell me why you flinch so much when I put my hand up!" He screamed loudly in my face.
"The last time someone put their hand up at me, It wasn't a joke!" I scream back at him!He stepped away, "What?"•••• ~ MARIA'S POV~ "Luke! We need to go on another date!" I spoke with excitement, and Luke gives me a nod. I sigh, he's been like this all day. I walk around his office trying to get his attention, but all I get is a nod! I walk out of his office in boredom, and Luke immediately gets on the phone. "CALEB, I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT!" I run towards the loud voice, to see Caleb in the air. Literally. "Melinda, please put him down." I said softly. She looked at me and lowered her hand, and Caleb slowly came closer to the ground, until he was safely on the floor. Surprisingly, he ran towards her and gave her a big hug. He whispered something in her ear, and she laid down on his bed. He guided me out of his room into the living room. "Melinda's my mate. I'd like to keep this between us, before Luke goes all overprotective best friend, on me!" I nod understanding him, he looks like he's about to say something, but he turns away. "Luke I know you're there," Caleb spoke with a grin, oddly. Luke walked into the living room and growled loudly, Monica didn't like how protective Luke was over Melinda, but I understood they've been friends for a really long time. "You've been with so many girls! You did 'em and left. I don't want that to happen to Melinda. I don't want her depressed over someone, who is gonna find someone else, a day later!" Luke screamed loudly and I flinched. He connected our hands and I still got a tingly feeling. Caleb sighed looking back up at Luke giving him a sarcastic laugh. "I love her. I love her, okay? You should understand, but you don't. I'm not gonna hurt her!" Caleb sat down along with Luke and I. "You know, She's been up there for awhile. I'll go check on her," Caleb scattered off to his room to check on Melinda. I wonder what they were fighting about, it really did seem serious. A loud scream causes us to run upstairs, Melinda's On the floor in tears and Caleb is in the air again. "I'M NOT DOING IT! HE TRIED TO HOLD ME AND- AND," Melinda didn't finish her sentence before she got up and started walking down the stairs to the basement. With a loud hard drop, Caleb was on the floor, clutching his jaw where he had fallen. He immediately got up chasing after Melinda along with, Luke and I. She stared at the man, the emotions in her eyes were indescribable. "Tell them," the man demanded. Melinda turned around, tears filled her eyes and she looked down. "I...." +•+•+•+ CALEB'S P.O.V It broke my heart to see her in pain, I just wanted to hold her, the last time I did I was zapped and put into the air, again. I know this dumb- a$ is doing this. It's obvious. Why would he, though? Possibilities filled my head, but most of them seemed crazy. What did she have to tell us? Does it have to do with this guy? Will it ruin my relationship with Melinda?
She looked back up at us. "Supernatural creatures aren't supposed to have human health issues. It's sorta impossible, well at least I thought it was. Christian was from a different Witch territory. I didn't know him. I fall in love with him, one day I woke up covered in my own blood. I soon found out it was a miscarriage. Apparently my body can't care for the baby, that was usually only found in humans, but I can't have kids. Christian tried to "over power" me, and he finally told me the real reason he was with me. He tried to kill me, and I realized I never loved him. I felt so bad about not being able to have a baby, I went out and....." She stopped her voice cracking at the end. "I killed a mother, because I would never be able to be one."••• нєу ¢υρ¢αкєѕ! нσω αяє уσυ тσ∂αу? ιм ѕσяяу fσя тнє ℓσиg ωαιт, ρℓєαѕє νσтє αи∂ ¢σммєит! ∂σ уσυ тнιик Мєℓιи∂α'ѕ ¢яαzу? :/