
|| chapter 14: A week with a witch || •••"What?", I question as Luke continues to talk, but it all sounded like gibberish, he said it so quickly. "Melinda is staying with us for a week. A rougue recently attacked us. The king rougue, our pack alone can't take them down. We need help." I nodded not totally agreeing, but knowing we needed help. I don't know why he didn't tell me earlier? I ignore him, and walk downstairs to hopefully meet more of the pack. ~•~So far I've met the third in command, Marco. And the Beta, Caleb. And two other girls. The one I met at the fail, first pack meeting, Jessie. And a small brunette, Rudy. Both the Beta, and Third in command haven't found their mates, but the two girls have. I also met the pack doctor, Hope. She's a skinny blonde, she has her mate. I've tried to contact my mother, but all I've gotten is a voice mail. Luke took me on our first date, he took me to a diner, all we did was talk and eat. I learned a little bit more about him. Well a lot more, he also learned a lot about me too. He told me somethings about the witches. •The one in the black crown is: Jamie, she's 13.• The one in the blue crown is: Mindy, she's 19. • The one in the white crown is: Aria, she's 20. • The one in the yellow crown is: Hannah, she 30.• And lastly Melinda, the highest witch there is. She has the most powers. She's 23 years old. Along with me, and Luke. •••"Bang, bang, bam!" Melinda said, putting up her fingers, in a gun looking shape, to the intruder. Let me tell you what happened, Luke and I decided to go on a walk and we did. Half way in our walk, I passed out, randomly. I just went out, along with Luke. I think, im just assuming if I went out, he did too.We both woke up in a dark room, Luke recognized it as his dungeon. The large mans midnight hair mixed with the moonlight coming from the small window in the corner. His large figure towered over Melinda, and he was obviously a guy witch . What ever that's called.In a smooth movement, he pulled out a large knife, she stood emotionless. He pulled Melinda in his grip, she kicked trying to break free. He pushed Melinda on her knees and she flinched. He took the knife and held it up to her neck, in a small movement, she could be dead."This is just to easy," He whispered darkly. She tried to scream but they came out as muffled noises. He kept the knife on her neck, he leaned down and gave Melinda a light kiss on her head. "Love you, darling", he mumbled before slicing the knife across her neck. The large gash had blood pouring out rapidly. He dropped her and smirked darkly in our way. "Your turn," He spoke.