
I breath out heavily, oh god. What's gonna happen now? I'm just gonna be their Luna? I can't do that, I don't even trust Luke enough to be close to him! I slowly waked away from the girl and the rest of the people. My throat started to burn, and I started to shake. I walked backwards to the wall and leaned back. A sharp pain went through my head and tears filled my eyes. God, I hate panic attacks. My neck twitched slightly, and I started to draw attention. I covered my ears because everything was coming back, everything.I heard my name being called, I knew it was close but it felt so far away. The only thing I heard was the loud screams, the screams of pain. They all called out for my name but I couldn't get up. I was now sobbing and the screams had faded away, my eyes now cleared up and my heart was pounding out of my chest. Luke ran towards me and I felt like I had thousands of eyes on me. Luke cradled me, whispering calming things in my ear. I asked him to take me back to the room. I couldn't be in front of everyone after they seen me have a panic attack. He carried me back to the room and I remained silent. I closed my eyes hoping it would all go away.. •• Her dream••"Please let him go!", my mother begged on her knees, to the rouge holding my brother. The only thing I heard was His screams. He was yet to shift along with me, and my mother was almost one in a million, to be diagnosed with a human disease. My brother (Mikey) kicked his legs viscously trying to get loose. He took the large knife laced with silver, and stabbed my brother multiple times. The screams from my brother faded away and my mothers cry's of pain filled the air. •••I woke up sweating with a massive headache, I felt like I was on a hangover.! Everything from last night floated back into my mind. I checked the time on the small clock on the shiny oak dresser. 4:00 am. Great! I laid back in the bed and turned around to see Luke's bare chest. I gasp softly, backing up more into the left side of the bed. "What if he's not that bad? He probably just wanted to mark you so everyone knows you belong to him!", my wolf  Monica whines at the end of her sentence. I was to tired to respond so I went back to sleep. But the last thing on my mind was Luke. Should I give him a chance?