
|| chapter: 15: "I'm a witch" ||He walked towards us, and I gulped. "Dude. Did you forget I'm a witch?", Melinda's voice comes out of nowhere, we all turn around and try to look for her, but we see nothing. Where is she? The man turns around and takes his knife and swings it around in the air. A large body soon appears in front of the man, I gasp at the scary looking clown mask. The red hair, hat, scary eyes, and large mouth brought shivers down my spine. "Boo!", she whispered moving closely to the man. He stepped away from her quickly, he took a deep breath out. "So you do remember me? You remember I'm afraid of clowns? Or was that a wild guess?"He questions, gripping his knife. Melinda stayed silent. She knows him, is she the reason why he's here? She looked down then back at him, you could practically hear his heart beating from here. "From good to evil, a witch has betrayed their own kind. From good to evil." Melinda mumbled repeatedly, she slipped the mask off and smiled wickedly. Black smoke appeared in the small room, and I coughed. All of the witches stood tall, and Luke smirked. They all mumbled the same words Melinda did, the man just stared at them. At the same exact time they all dropped to their knees, and a force pushed the man into the wall. It all happened to quickly, you didn't even see anything push him."He's dead," Aria cried out. ~•~ "Luke?", I called out as I finished his sandwich.He walks into the kitchen, no emotion clear on his face. I push the plate towards him and sit down. He offers me some but I refuse to eat, I'm not really in the mood. We HAVE to talk about, what happened. We can't just ignore this. Someone tried to Kill us, and it wasn't just because of Melinda. He came here for reason and Luke isn't telling me why!! I thought a part of being the Luna meant I had to protect the pack, and he isn't helping me do that. I sigh loudly, and he ignores me."WHY ARENT YOU SAYING ANYTHING, LUKE? HE TRIED TO KILL US! HE SLIT MELINDA'S THROAT," I screamed loudly. "Okay. Do you really want to know what happened, and why he's here," he asks calmly and I nod. "Yes, he was a warlock, but he was working with the rougue king. He wanted the pack dead. Aria obviously knows nothing because, the spell they used. It didn't kill him, it was knocked him out and weakened him. We kept him in the dungeon so we can keep him for questioning!"Great. We're stuck with a "warlock", in the dungeon.~~~~Melinda cooked us and actual dinner, and it was really good. We actually have a lot in common. Maybe I didn't like her at first, but I already know she's a great, loyal friend. I learned a lot about her, and I'm excited to learn more. She already reassured us, we can beat them any day, with the power of the pack and the witches. ~~~~"I have a brother!"Luke spoke, I turned around and faced him. "What's his name?" I ask, and he responds with a simple 'Daniel'. He leaves that subject alone for the rest of the night. "Wanna watch a movie?", he asks changing his shirt, his hard chest sticks out and his large frame towers over me as he leans down for a kiss. His soft lips touch mine and I can't help but smile into the kiss, he bits my lip and I moan allowing him to slip his tongue in my mouth. Our tongues dance and I moan. He removes his mouth from mine, and He smiles. "I love you," he whispered."And I love you, more than you'll ever understand." I whispered and Monica purred at all the contact.~10:00pm~~~"Lets go for a run, eh?" Luke said with a cute laugh, and I nod. I take off all of my clothes and turn into my wolf form. It felt good. Luke and I raced around a field, it was nice finally being in our wolf form. His wolfs name is, Leo. •••••Melinda's P.O.V.Caleb looked at me with a big smile on his face, I knew something was going on, I never found any man "hot", or "cute". Caleb's red hair laid over his forehead, and his blue eyes sparkled. "Mate!" He whispered happily and protectively, and ISmiled. I fake coughed, "What now?" I ask, he takes his large hand In mine with a big grin on his face. This house is huge, but it doesn't belong to Luke, it actually belongs to the third command, Marco. He leads me to his room.Red walls, king size bed, big mirrors on one wall, and my favorite thing, the huge black comforter on the bed and the warm fluffy, plush carpet. I jump on the large warm bed giggling loudly, my body is surrounded by warm blankets and large pillows. I finally notice how rude I must look, so I get up, straining out my outfit. I blush at the way he's looking at me, adore filling his eyes. Gosh I'm so embarrassed! I look down,"No, uhm. Don't be embarrassed, that was cute. .. It was very cute!" I smiled, hm I'm stuck with my adorable mate. This'll be fun. ••••••••Hey guys!! I hope you liked this chapter, thanks for reading, vote and comment!! (: love ya, cupcake!