
hello my Halo's, Angel here and I am back!!!! if u didn't know, I went on a field trip from the 19th to the 21st. we got back around 8:20pm and I may or may not have threw up on the bus o////o it was controlled I swear!!!!!! it was the stupid water there cuz I am not used to tht water only my well water. I was not the only one who was sick though, a boy a year younger who was on the trip, he was sick too, the morning of the last day he had to go home cuz I heard from elsasings1237 and her dad (they were dorming cuz she didn't want to be in the same room with a girl we don't like and elsasings1237 was the only girl on the boys floor) k back on topic, but anyways her dad said he was up all night throwing up and I feel bad for him though cuz I know what he was feeling, sooooooo yeah. me and fuzzycat2022 we dormed and we were in the showers in the university and in the middle we were talking and I heard the bathroom door opening and slamming closed multiple times and I just continued and it started to happen and this time she heard it too and we both were like 'what the fudge is that?' and yeah the two nights we heard people running up the hall of the wing banging on the doors screaming. so yeah, I had minimal sleep and a bad headache from the ride there... it was a freaking 4 1/2 - 5 hour drive on bus!!!!!!!!!! imagine that and add 55 other people screaming being idiots ( I almost swore, ALMOST) and on the ride back that plus your stomach hurting to the point of tears ( I don't cry often unless bad pain and I was tearing up a little) but it was all not bad the days were gewd and the science center was really cewl!!!! me and elsasings1237 were like 'OH MEH GAWD..... CAN I LIVE IN THIS SCIENCEY PLACE PLZZZZZZZZZ THE WAS DINOSAUR ANIMATRONICS!!!!! OH ME GERD!!!!!!! I am still freaking out about that cuz it was awesome.... dang, enough about that.....  I started to read TFIOS (the fault in our stars) and I am on page 224 and I love the book so far. my sis is going to let me read if I stay too. well this is long enough.. if you read this far without falling asleep then comment the secret phrase 'I AM THE COOKIE MONSTER... GIVE MEH DEM COOKIES plz? no? okay....' and this is Angel and I will see u Halo's all later good night/day byee:)