
Tiana wandered around the bayou aimlessly trying to calm herself down.She walked around the swamp for quite some time and soon enough she found herself having a faint smile on her face.She stopped noticing a dark figure in the corner of her eye.She looked around: the Shadowman.
He circled around her until he took her hand and kissed it."Why it's fancy meeting you here chere." A creepy grin spread across his face."What do you want Shadowman?" She eyed him nervously."Oh, I was just wondering why you were out in the bayou in such....conditions" She forgot she was unprotected and pregnant didn't she? Shadow snickered. Facilier grinned at his companion's comment.
She frowned at his spine tingling grin."Well that is none of your busi——-" She was cut of by a blood chilling screech."I suppose it's one of your friends?" She looked at him only to see a horrified look on his face.
"Please, chere follow me!" Facilier grabs Tiana's arm and tugs it in the direction to Mama Odie's tree. "What was that?!" "No time to explain we need to go now!" A shadow rushed past them and screeched. "Run!" Facilier broke of in a sprint running at fast as he could with Tiana slowly falling behind.
Tiana lost track and stopped.She looked around,"Shadowman?! Where the hell'd ya go?! Oh I swear I'm gonna——- mrrf!?" A hand reached out and covered her mouth and dragged her inside a hollow tree a couple of feet off the ground.
"Shhhh! Do ya'll want them to hear us?!" She shook her head as he removed his hand from her mouth.He wrapped his arms around her and held her close.She felt her heart thumping in her ears as she soon realized that it wasn't her heart.It was his.
His heart was beating loudly and his whole body was trembling,his breaths coming in short,shallow gasps.She looked up, stunned."You're scared?" her surprise slipping into her voice.He shook his head."Honestly,chere....I'm terrified."He confessed. Tiana wrapped her arms around his waist in attempt to comfort him. Another screech filled the air and he started to shake even harder,"They're here."
"Can they get in?" she asked,dreading his answer.She was relieved when he shook his head."I put a spell on the tree while I was waiting for ya'll to catch up," he explained,"It'll keep out anyone who intends to do us harm," he swallowed nervously."But it won't hold for long though." A anger welled on Tiana's tone of voice,"Well why not?"
"Because chere," he sighed,"the spell takes a toll on my energy.....if they attack it I would rush to repair it automatically and that would drain it even further." he paused."and if I passed out then the spell would fail.Magic ain't easy darlin', I only make it look that way." Tiana looked back up at the man.This man was, no IS the Shadow man. But he seemed to be more human than she ever thought.
He shook his head as he shivered at another screech erupted in the Bayou. Tiana looked back down and thought as she felt water on her head. She looked back up to see him crying as he shook violently as more shrieks filled the air. "Shadowm—," she suddenly got interrupted by another screech. "They're here!" he whispered loudly but not loud enough for the shadows to hear. He looked scared but he regained his strength.
"Chere you have to go...I will hold them off. Mama Odie's is not that far from here..." He whispered as Tiana's eyes widened and filled with tears."What about you though?"She whispered. " Don't worry about me...I might die out there but I need to keep you and the child safe, for your husband. I couldn't let you die out here... that would not be gentleman-like at all," he joked to keep her from crying more.
Another screech was sounded and Tiana was hugged and let go."You need to go now!" He yelled as he went off toward the opening."Wait!" Tiana grabbed his arm and hugged him. He hugged back with tears in his eyes and a scared look on his face with fear of what was out there. He left Tiana and went out zapping the shadows and ran out far away from the tree to buy Tiana enough time to run.
'I will die here today but Tiana won't!' He thought as he was grabbed by the throat and rammed up against a tree. He screamed at the pain of his back getting hit. He struggled to get free and he screamed a battle cry as he hit one of them.  He got free but was knocked down by the shadows and was getting beat and trampled by the other shadows as they hissed,"You will die! No one will care!" He went cold as they continued to beat him senseless.
