
If anyone has had a bad night on Halloween, stop feeling bad for yourself, cause what happened to my friends Conrad, Jordan, Brooklen, Chy and I, was worse than anyone else could have on a Halloween night. Everything was normal and perfect, but when we decided to go to the old Church Hill house at the end of main street, we were in for some major throwdowns. These, weird little red people attacked us, and we got turned into, something I can't even describe. I don't know how to describe it, but it was awful, yet powerful.I was really hairy from tonight, Conrad became scaly, Chy was acting insane, Jordan was being tricky, and Brooklen was being weirder than usual. All of this, literally happened. Conrad had gills and claws, Chy had red eyes, Brooklen had purple wavey stuff coming from her hands, and I had claws and the ears of an elf. Jordan just kept changing, time and time again. What had happened was a long story, but we had to start from the beginning.13 hours earlier....."Carter! Wake up! Don't want to miss school today!" My mother yelled at precisely 11:00 a.m. She had a knack for waking me up an hour before school, which seemed unnecessary since we were only a couple blocks from the school.I got up, with my eyes in a haze and my hair in a fritze. I was unperfect in the mornings, it was inevitable. I look great at school, the girls say that and my best friend Conrad does too. Surprisingly he's odder than me, what a shame. But none the less, we were the best of friends, it was the group of us that involved him, Chy who was my cousin from Florida, Jordan the school goofball, and my ex-girlfriend Brooklen who was a genius, and captain of the cheerleaders. The five of us were a group and there was nothing in the world that could separate us.I got out of bed, picking out something normal, which in all ways was impossible. So I just got a shirt with eyes on it, blue jeans and a pair of long black socks. As I put my socks on I forgot today was Halloween, and I forgot to get a costume. Halloween in California wasn't optional, my friends and I always wore costumes, and this year I wasn't breaking tradition. I quickly gotnup and looked through my closet to see a leather jacket and thought I should go as a drug dealer. I didn't have much choice so I put it on my rack, and then went to get my home made breakfast from my mom.29 minutes later...I got up out of my chair and quickly followed my mom toward the car. Everything today was normal so far, I couldn't see how it could go wrong. Once I got in the car, I grabbed my phone and started listening to Talking Body by Tove Lo, because I couldn't help it. It was catchy, and it resembled relationship, I just wish the video wasn't so, graphic. I plugged my headphones in, and gazed at the sky, which was slightly stormy.As I got to school, I couldn't help but over hear a fight going on. I quickly got out of the car to find out what was going on, and found out, Conrad was fighting with someone. This surprised me since Conrad was a man of peace and relaxation, this guy must have really done something to piss him off. As I ran over to see what was happening, Jordan, Chy and Brooklen ran into me and told me what was happening."Carter you have to help him, he just got angry at Jackson for the stupidest reason!" Brooklen said with complete fear."Well Jackson had it coming." Chy said not arguing with Brooklen."Yeah if he didn't want to get punched he shouldn't have made fun of Conrad and his ex and called him a faggot." Jordan said agreeing with Chy."He did what?" I said in complete anger, no one was allowed to hurt my friends, NO one.I ran over to break up the fight, but it was difficult. People were bunched up together yelling and shouting names, deciding who they think should win. I was finally able to get out of the circle, but the sight I was seeing was horrifying."Don't you talk about Danny! And don't call me a faggot!" I heard Conrad scream in anger. Conrad had just gotten out of a relationship with his boyfriend Danny. Danny came to his championship swimming match and told Conrad that he needed space, when he actually just didn't like Conrad that much. I've dated enough girls to know that what Danny said meant something else.I quickly broke the two up, with Jordan and Chy holding Jackson, with my hand on Conrad shoulder while Brooklen was holding him back as well. I quickly talked to Conrad, and when I did he started crying a little, so I told him to sit down. I then walked up to Jackson and gave him "The look"."Why did you do that?" I asked, hoping that if he answered truthfully I wouldn't have to punch him in the gut."Danny told me the reason he broke up with Conrad, and I just couldn't help myself, what did you expect?" He said, while giving me the most obnoxious look. So then I finally got tired of him for once. I punched him in the gut, then Chy kicked his little safe spot when he fell to the ground."You could have done worse you know, trust me." Jordan said giving him an ashamed look. And as the rest if us walked back towards Conrad, every problem became solved with just us.8 hours later....As we got off the bus, we started talking about what we were gonna do tonight for Halloween. So Chy gave us the idea that would later have a greater impact on all of us."There's this real cool party that Shalexia Baker is throwing, let's crash, it and I'll be drinking and wasting!" She said while she shook her hip at Jordan making him shove into a tree."Very funny Chy..." He said with an angered yet funny look on his face.As we got to my house, the guys started pulling their costumes out, and as we got in we made arrangements for where we were changing."Conrad and I will change in your bathroom, okay?" Brooklen said with happiness and relief. I wouldn't really mind, she not the slutty type and we all know Conrad won't make a move on her."Ok, Jordan and I will change in my room. Chy you mind using my sister's bathroom?" I asked hoping she would agree as she hated goi g in there."I'll deal with it as long as I get WASTED." She said with a smirk and laugh, and then I nodded my head giving her permission. We all went to change and we talked while we did it to remove any awkwardness, mainly Brooklen and Conrad.Brooklen"So, I'm sorry about this morning Conrad, Jackson's just a jerk." I said while trying to comfort him, he was a good guy who deserved, well, another good guy I guess. I've never siad that to a guy before so it just odds me a little."It's ok, I was still mad at Danny, and I blamed Jackson for making it seem like he's the reason I'm not with Danny." He said, the poor little thing.We got dressed at the same times, except I went into the shower so Conrad could be in peace, and so could I. He may be gay, but I just don't like dressing out with a guy near me, so I did the next best thing.We both finished and sat down on the couch. I was dressed up as a teen punk rock witch, and from the looks of it he looked like a warlock punk. Jordan and Carter came out laughing about whatever they were talking about and Chy came out with a disgusted look on her face."What is wrong with your sister! She has rainbows and unicorns on her mirror! It ruined my biker look." She said in anger, but as she said, she looked very much like a biker, and so did Jordan. Carter just looked like he did something lazy, and didn't even bother with the outfit. He could have at least fixed his hair.CarterWe went to my dad's car, and I started the engine. The girls and Conrad sat in the back seat, while Jordan was up in the front with me. As I started the spcar I played the song I listened to this morning, and I got the words " You ambiguous whore" from Chy, and I couldn't help but laugh.As we dorve their, we couldn't help but laugh about what happened in third period, when we played truth or dare, and Conrad had to ask Annebele Bates if she was pregnant and getting an abortion. The girl got so mad she slapped him in the face, and the rest of us couldn't stop laughing while he was blushing.As we got to the party, Chy got sad because she found out there was no booze, but she stayed anyway because I was her ride home. The party was great, everyone from school was there, everyone was having fun. Brooklen was talking with the cheerleaders, Cornad was with the swim team, and Jordan and Chy were talking to the Jocks. I sat alone throughout the night, until this really pretty girl came to me."Hey, what's your name?" She asked, I replied of course and that night I made a bond with a girl from school, that I know that I wouldn't run into again, but still, talking to her was like talking to an angel.3 hours and 47 minutes later....The party ended and we decided to leave,but an idiot stole the engine to my car, and left no warning, so we all had to walk to my place. As we walked Jordan and Conrad gave the girls piggy back rides the entire way there, until we were attacked by red organisms with the sharpest chins, the blackest eyes, and the longest horns."Oh my god what are they?" Brooklen yelled and screamed in terror at the sight of the ugly monsters. "I don't know, but we should probably run. Like, now!" I said in complete terror, and we ran for our lives.The red organisms were surprisingly fast, and we were getting tired, running wasn't exactly one of our strong skills. We kept running past the trees, and what looked like we were running in circles. The red organisms started catching up to us, all hope was lost until I spotted an old 19th century house, and I knew it was the perfect hiding place. I then signaled the group to go in there, and as they had their doubts, they couldn't help but do as I say.We all ran towards the house, and as we entered we felt, surges of power flow in us as we each entered in, and as we entered in, we heard a voice yell out:Call upon the ancient cries!I summon protection in these everlasting skies! As we heard it, we couldn't help but run up the stairs and find a book, and magically it opened, with words on the page. It was 12:00 at night, we were being chased by things that could only be in our nightmares, but as Brooklen saw the book, she couldn't help but read it."Master of trickery and deceit, make us powerful from head to feet. Give us the abilities we so encrave, make us the ancient ones to save the day." She yelled out in complete confusion, and sadly, we ran out of time, for the organisms had caught up to us, ready to attack.As they leaped towards us, Brooklen put her hands in front of her, hoping they were gone, and they flew back against the wall. Jordan was so scared he wanted to disappear, and then the next thing you know, he turned into a invisible slate. Chy couldn't help but scream, and as she did, the sound pierced our ears, shattered the windows, and made the dogs nearby howl and bark. Conrad and I noticed claws on our hand, and I started to grow fangs, and he started having scales come up all over him till he had a mouth that was big enough to bite into a wall. I went towards one of the organisms, and tried to fight them, and surprisingly, I threw one of them out the broken window, and Conrad, scratched the other one till he was nothing but shreds.Conrad and I turned back to our normal states, Chy calmed down, Brooklen put her hands down, but purple light was coming off them, and Jordan turned back to himself on the floor, in a fears manner. What had just happened to us?