
"You're kidding."
"Nope." He said popping the P.
"Holy dooley." So I jumped in the driver seat and started the engine. Surprisingly, Nathan was very calm about it, normally he's super protective.
I'm pretty sure I only drove at 40kms the whole way but it was still awesome. We pulled up at school at 8:15am because I like to be early and so does Emma.
"I'll be at home today but mum and dad will be late, so yeah. See ya butt head." Nathan said.
"Whatever toe-jam eater." I said smirking. Ever since we were little we have had this thing where we try to come up with the grossest names for each other, and whoever wins doesn't have to do the dishes that night.
I walked through the school gates and was immediately greeted by my best friend Emma.
"What's the word honey bird?" She said giving me a massive hug. We walked over to our tree and sat down on the plush grass. The tree had been ours ever since we moved into high school, it was more hidden away from everyone else.
"Nothing... Except that I'm really really exciting for the holidays." I said beaming. Tomorrow, my family and I are heading down to Byron Bay and staying there until after New Years, which is a family tradition since I was born.
"I so wish I could come. Instead I'm stuck with my annoying cousins, ugh." Emma groaned. Let me tell you something about Emma. She is really gorgeous. I would hate her because of it but I can't. Perfectly tanned, long, brown hair, these amazing brown eyes and since she does dancing, she is in perfect shape. And don't let me forget, her parents are extremely rich.
"It can't be that bad." I said.
"You obviously don't know my family well enough. Anyway, do you wanna get ice cream after school?" She asked.
"Of course." Another tradition of ours was to get ice cream after school on the last day. I would always get vanilla choc chip and Emma would get birthday cake, which I think is stupid. Who would ruin a perfectly nice cake? And its way too sweet for my liking, I was more of a savoury person.
By now, everyone had started to file into school. But one person always stands out to us in the mornings. Jay Miller. The hottest, sweetest guy in the school. For starters, he surfs and secondly, he isn't the dumbest guy in the school because of most of the boys at my school are. He walked past us and god, he smelt amazing. We gazed at his beautifully blonde hair and crystal blue eyes.
"Morning," he winked and smiled at us. Holy moley.
"Did he just actually do that, or was I in a trance?" Emma said stunned.
"I don't care. He winked at you for sure. You're way more gorgeous than me." I said dreamily.
"Nuh uh. I mean look at you with your beautiful blonde hair and brown eyes and perfect body." She said coming out of her trance.
"Thanks Em, but no." I said. I have never thought I was pretty, I thought I looked like a rat or something. Emma on the other hand, is perfect. Her Spanish background helps.
The bell for our first class rang and startled us. Emma and I were in the same classes together, so we headed off to math. Personally I think it is inhumane to have math or science first up in the morning. Our teacher was apparently away today so we had this middle aged lady instead. She let us just talk and do what ever we wished since it was the last day, which was awesome.
Next was biology. Fun. Especially when your worst enemy has it too (which I don't know why because she is so stupid). Oh and Jay Miller.