
I went upstairs to my room and switched on the TV and flicked through about ten channels without finding anything to watch, when there was bang at my window. I crawled along the floor to the window, extremely terrified, making no noise and peeped through the curtains. Instead of finding an axe murderer, I found my brother looking up at me with a pleading look on his face. I opened the window and yelled, "What?!"
"I lost my house keys." He said.
"You idiot. Go around to the front, I'll open the door."
When he came in I punched him the arm. I get scared very easily.
"You scared the crap out of me!" I said with a scowl on my face. My iPhone buzzed on the counter with a message from Emma. Nathan snatched it off the bench and started running up the stairs.
"Nathan!" I pleaded chasing him up the stairs.
"Hey babe, guess what???!!!!! Jay freeking texted me!!!!!! Call me later! xx" Nathan read out the message in a attempted girly voice, laughing along the way.
I strategically caught him, jumped on his back and grabbed the phone out of his hands.
"So who is this Jay fellow?" Nathan asked snickering.
"None of your blooming business." I said scowling at him.
We sat on down on the couch and agreed, after flipping a coin, on The Ellen Show.
Mum and Dad walked in the house surprisingly early, carrying with them four bags of Thai food.
"Yum!" Nathan and I said in unison.
As we sat down for dinner, I told everyone, "I have some news..."
"What is it sweetie?" Mum asked.
"Well, we got our HSC results back and... I got 94 marks!" I said beaming.
"Hooley dooley! That is fantastic Pip! I'm so proud of you!" Mum and dad said.
"Good job butt head. How did Emma go?" Nathan said messing up my blonde hair.
"She got 95 marks." I said smirking. Of course he wanted to know what Emma got.
We finished dinner quite early for the big drive tomorrow and as I lay in bed, I thought about how good things were finally turning out.
()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()
How do you like it so far? Please let me know :)
The girl I have chosen to play Pippa is Nicola Peltz, you may know her from the Transformers movie or something.
And the song is the best song your ears will ever hear xx
Anyway,
Til the next chapter.
Adios xx