
We sat up the back of the class and kept quiet as always but it was hard since Chloe (a.k.a bitch face) was flirting with Jay. I wanted to slap her in the face so hard. Let's just say that Chloe and I have had a rough history. She is just so fake, with her fake spray tan and her always straightened brown, plastic hair.
The class was just like any other normal day. The grumpy old teacher made us write down three pages of useless notes, but like the nerds we are, we wrote down every single word.
It finally came to lunch time and just as I sat down, I was called to the office.
"Huh?" I said.
"I'll come." Emma said.
When I got there the office lady said that someone was someone waiting for me outside. So I went out and saw my brother, holding a big bag of Macca's.
"What do you want?" I questioned suspiciously.
"Nothing. Just that I don't have to do the laundry tonight..." Nathan replied.
"Fine." I huffed and snatched the bag off him. I thanked him and walked back to the tree.
"Can I just say that you have the bestest brother in the whole entire world." Emma said.
"Did you think he would only buy some for me? Can I just remind you that he has had a crush on you since Grade Five." I laughed.
"Yeah yeah. Whatever you say Pippa." She scoffed, trying to hide the blush.
We sat under the tree and ate our greasy cheese burgers and fries until the last crumb was gone. Laundry was so worth it.
The next class was English, which was also when we got our HSC results back. I studied my butt off for those 3 and 4 hour exams, I was up until 11pm studying every night.
Apparently it paid off.
Band 6 - 94 marks of out a possible 100! Emma received a Band 6 as well with 95 marks. We were both nerds, practically because our parents had pushed us through, but nerds nevertheless.
We were both extremely happy with our results and so the day continued with a good vibe.
As soon as the last bell rang, screams of joy filled the halls. "Steve's or Wendy's?" Emma asked through the mob of moving people.
"Wendy's please." I replied. We drove along the beach as a detour and finally pulled into Wendy's drive thru.
"May I please order two double scoop cones with flakes on top and cinnimon donuts. Thankyou." Emma finished.
We ate our ice creams on the beach and watched the waves crash. In the distance little kids screamed with joy and the smell of fish and chips wafted through the air. Emma and I sat and chatted for a while just about random things and somehow it got to be 5:30pm.
"Shivers, I gotta go, Nathan will be waiting." I said.
"I'll drop ya home." Emma said.
"Thanks lovely."
We pulled into the driveway and said our goodbyes and good lucks. I walked into the house and expected to hear Nathan's video games blasting out of the TV, but nothing.
"Nathan?" I called out. Nothing. I walked over to the kitchen bench and saw a note saying,
Hey,
Had to go to Ben's. Be back in an hour.
Butt head.