
Dear Who ever is reading this,
This will be my first published story so be warned. If anyone has any tips or ideas, please please please comment and let me know I'm gonna need it.
This story will be dedicated to Phobo_x because she's amazing and read her story - The Fish and The Fox
B xx
--
"Time to get up Pip." My older brother said as he threw a pillow at me.
"Jeez. You suck." I growled into my pillow.
"Love you too sis." He chuckled as he walked out the door. I dragged myself out of bed and into the shower to get ready for school.
Once I hopped out, and after all the steam had cleared, my nose automatically adjusted. I smelt pancakes. I raced down the stairs like there was no tomorrow and slid into my seat.
"Well, well. The power of pancakes!" Mum laughed as she places a stack of pancakes on the table. I snatched four before Dad or Nathan could get any.
Suddenly Nathan appeared around the corner running at full speed to the table and dumped himself onto his seat.
"Surely by now Nathan, you would have learned to get ready faster than that. You're the one that woke her up anyway." Dad said laughing. Nathan grabbed four pancakes and drowned them in maple syrup along with bananas and, of all things, sugar. You would think the amount of maple syrup would be enough.
"I can't believe my little girl will be in Year 12 next year." Dad said sipping his coffee.
"Me neither." I said. Today was the last day of school for the year, hence the pancakes. Next year was my final year of high school, then I was off to University. I was hoping to go to Sydney University and get into the Faculty of Science and study neurology or meteorology. I was a bit of a science nerd.
We finished breakfast and mum and dad headed off to work. Mum was a doctor at the local hospital and dad was the CEO of a big economics company so they both had to leave pretty early in the morning.
"Don't forget to wash up. Oh and Nathan, you are driving you're sister to school! Love you!" Mum yelled from the door. Nathan let out a moan and headed upstairs.
I started washing up and when I was finished it was already 7:30am. I went upstairs to do my hair. I tried doing all different fancy hairstyles for the last day but in the end I just decided to leave it down in its natural curls.
"Nathan!" I yelled.
"In my room!" He replied. I walked down to his room and opened the door. He was on his phone texting. I threw a shoe at him and it hit him right on the head.
"Jeez, I only threw a pillow at you." He said rubbing his head.
"Yeah well that's for all the other times. Anyway, I'm ready for school, so can we please go?" I asked.
"Yeah yeah. You're so impatient." He said.
I grabbed my phone, wallet and school bag and headed out the door. I opened the passenger door to Nathan's car and jumped in. He got it for his sixteenth birthday, a black BMW, the one I wanted. Instead I got a white Mazda city car, which is currently in at the repair shop.
"You wanna drive?" Nathan asked.
"What?" I said in disbelief. He never ever ever lets me drive the car.
"Last day of school treat." He simply said.