
"Jessica get up ur gonna be late for school it's ur first day of senior year" Conor said. I got up as quick as I can I put on my white pair of shorts and a crop top t shirt, after hat I put on some makeup. than I grabbed my penny board an headed out of my house. "Bye honey have a nice day at school" my mom said. "love u"i said back.
When I got to school I went to my locker and our my penny board inside and got my language arts and chemistry binder. When the bell rang I was rushing because I was gonna be late for class when I slammed my locker and turned around I saw Kian,Sam and Jc I was terrified, they were surrounding me but I ran in front of them and Kian touched my chest and slammed me back into the locker "your not going anywhere" Kian said. "leave me alone I am gonna be late", I said loudly "aww the slut thinks we care", right after that I got so mad I did something that I regret I did, I kicked Kian and ran Sam and Jc ran after me "come back here". After that I ran into the genitors closet and I tried closing the door but Sam and Jc barged in and they were holding me down Sam grabbed my left arm and Jc grabbed my right they both held me down at the wall "let me go" I said shouting. Kian came running down the hall and he saw us in the closet he came in and shut the door. Me, Kian and Sam and Jc .. "well well slut u made the wrong choice of kicking me", Kian said after that Kian punched me in the stomach and Jc smacked my face. Than after wards I was lying on the shaking I was the only one in the closet and I went to class while holding my stomach. "You should be Jessica cause ur the last one on my list and u are ten minutes late to my class" Mr. Fernandez said. "sorry I was... I was .. I didn't know where this class was". "just sit down next to Kian in the back" Mr Fernandez said. "Yea I can't sit there Mr. Fernandez" "Why" "Yea I don't bite" Kian said with a smirk on his face. So than I just set next to Kian. He throw a note at me I was scared to open it "hey slut why can't u die already" I throw it back to him and he gets pissed I got up surprisingly and left the "hey come back here" Mr. Fernandez said "Kian go check on her"
Kian's povI was already gonna go after her
I left the room and I went down stairs and wanted to go in the girls locker room and just sit there crying before I pulled the door Kian grabbed my bra strap and pulled it towards him. I turned around. "where do u think ur going" Kian said "up ur ass u don't need to know" I said to kian , kian looked pissed he lifted me and my crop top was loose and it was started to fall off cause Kian put me on his shoulder "Kian put me down my shirt is coming off". "who cares" Kian said "I do.. where are we going" Kian said "somewhere" I moved so much on his shoulder I tried to get off but he is so strong. Next thing I know I am in his car I tried to pull away but he said "ur making it worse stop fighting back". do I stopped because I don't know what was happening.
Until next time xoxo please tell me if u like it so far and vote.❤️❤️