
People rush running, jogging, walking to make it to their train stop. As I sit here still waiting. I set back in my chair looking down in my phone..... nothing there's still nothing, not even a text message to tell me its cancelled there's just..... nothing.
I can't believe he stood me up how cou- Wait.... wake up your jumping to conclusions again he's coming he promised. I let my self fall on my seat stretching my legs in front then something hit my leg
"Ohh gosh sorry ..i didn't mean to trip you" he didn't fell on the floor just his bag... heiiiiuuuu!! Thank goodness i picked his bag up and hand it to him but he just stare at me for a few minutes
"Uhhhmmm ......your bag " I reminded the guy that seems to wake up from a trance or something
"Huh??...Oohh my bag right thanks.... are yo-"he got cut from what his saying when my phone rang i picked it up hoping to see its just an alarm i put 'it was time for our train he isn't here yet ... he's coming he is I'll just have to wait
"Are you ok??" He asked concerned"Aren't I supposed to ask you that" he chuckled he sat beside me putting his bags down .
"Why are you here? You leaving, running away?" He asked
"Well not really I'm just waiting for someone " i said as a excuse
"Then why do you have laugages?" Huh? I forgot about that ..
"fine I'm acctually going on a trip.... well that's how i heard it "
"Where?" He said
"I don't exactly know ..... he said its a surprise" i said confessing
"uhhh i thought your smarter then that" he said amused and a littlte worried
"What do you mean? Who are you?"I said now that i remember i dont even know him he just chuckle at this
"Now that is a mystery you'll have to find out, Beanie"
"I already have a boyfriend you know... and wait what!? Beanie?"
"Your wearing a beanie and you have curly hair "
"What does a curly hair have to do with a beanie"
"Well for me they never match but they seem to match on you "
"Should I be flattered?" I ask jokingly
"Very"he said with a straight face then we looked at each other and just started to laught we chatted for like hours it was getting dark a bit i checked my phone and saw its 4:30 already I've waited for 7 hours for him he'll be here i know..... i know it...... i know it?
"Hey do you want coffee?? i saw a cafe near here im sure who ever you are waiting for will still see you" he offered Yah hoping he'll see me
"Yah sure " i stood up and carried my laugages
"Let me help im just carrying a back pack" he took the other one cause i have 2 and i was left with the trolly
"Thanks" I smiled
we went to the cafe and sat at a table in the  window side he put our bags down and sat down with me the place was really nice.
"You like it?" He asked noticing me looking around
"Yah its beautiful in here" I couldnt help it but i just had to so i took my camera out the one as big as a DSLR and took a picture of the shop it seems so cozy even at the picture wow i love th-
"So your a photographer ?" He asked looking at me with an emotion i cant guess