
"I dont know i think so"i say looking back at the picture
"May I see??" He asked politely I handed him my camera which i was totally shocked with not even my parents could touch it and a stranger can
He looks at my photos and smiled widely scrolling through pictures.
"Wow your good ..... no wait scratch that your awsome, your boyfriend must be proud of you " he said amazed looking at me i just gave him an unsure smile and he seemed to get it
"SERIOUSLY!! He doesn't know you do this..... You have got to be joking me??"he said entirely surprise
"Well yeah I'm joking you he knows" I said
"Well then whats up with the half hearted smile?" He said now confused
"He knows but he doesn't encourage it he think its trash" I said honestly
"WHAT!? Now thats even more ridiculous!!" He looked at a picture then back at me then back at a picture "I mean seriously especialy this one how could he think this is trash"
He said pointing to a picture it was a sunset a purple blue pink sunset in a beach with a couple of people on the sand in their on worlds knowing nothing is imposible.I chuckle slightly
"What!? Why are you laughing!?" He said
"The time he said that it was trash-" he made a silly face at the word trash"waa the time i confessed my love for photography so I showed him one picture..... just one" i Stopped
"Well go on what picture did you show him"the camera was facing him now at  the same picture it was "the beach"
"Exactly that" I said pointing at the picture he adored so much earlier. He looked at me in shock his mouth hanging open.
"Ohh come on its not even that good..... dont give me that face 'so shocked' " I said then he just stared at me more surprised.
"You don't know.... what your capable of ..... how could you " he said in a dramatic voice hugging my camera "your works are amazing ok "he paused "glue it in your head Beanie" he said pulling my beanie down till it covers my eyes I pulled up my beanie the part covering my eyes a bit to let one of my eyes see so it looks like I'm peeking a look from my beanie covering eyes then i hear a click i was slightly looking at him when i heard the camera click. I looked at him in disbelief but i just so him smilling at the picture. What is he smilling about ughhh maybe i looked so silly
"Give me that let me see" i snatched the camera I was looking at the picture i was mid laughing peeking my eyes through the beanie i smiled it was an ok picture but i kept a straight face
"Well your picture is ok " I said straightly i gave the camera back
"OK!? Your blind your complete blind..... this is amazing admit it" he said "and beside you look so cute here " he said grabbing his phone
"What are you doing?"i asked he was pressing things in his phone and a ting sounded
"I want this photo" he said smilling widely
"What !?" I said shock
Then he showed me his phone and there i was he's wallpaper the one with the 'beanie down mid laugh' picture he took
"OH MY GOSH! You creepy person"i said
"What come on the picture is amazing "
"Well yeah it is you have skill"
"Of course i have"