
Erin's POV
I woke up to a pounding headache and Jordan sitting in a chair next to me holding my hand sleeping, I stared at him for a bit before kissing his hand. There were wires and needles attached to me, I saw a wire leading to a large machine making a buzzing noise that was annoying as hell.
"Jord -- Jordan?" I said moving my fingers and instantly waking him up making him jump to the bed and hug me.
"I love you, too." He said.
"Erin?" My mom said.
"Mom?" I asked. She walked to the bed and felt my head.
"Hey, sweetie." She said.
"Hi, what -- were did you go?" I asked Jordan.
"What? When? When we first got here?" He asked.
"Yeah, I was calling for you." I said.
"They wouldn't let me stay." He said while grabbing my hand with both of his.
"What did you mean "I love you, too"?" I asked.
"Back -- back at your house, you started to say "I love you" but you couldn't finish." He said.
"I'm gonna go get dad." My mom said.
Jordan kissed me as soon as my mom left the room.
"What even happened? I remember falling and then waking up and people surrounding me putting wires and needles in me." I said after clearing my throat.
"You don't remember squeezing my hand? You had the option to squeeze the doctors hand or mine and you squeezed mine." He said.
"Aww, I dont remember that." I said quietly.
"The doctors say they don't know why you got dizzy but you fainted from it." He said.
"Erin?" My dad said as he entered the room.
"Hi, dad." I said.
"Oh, Erin." He said looking at all the wires and things.
"How long I'm I gonna be here?" I asked.
"They want to keep you until friday (for 3 days)." Jordan said.
"Really?" I asked.
"They want to try and figure out why you fainted and got dizzy." Mom said.
"So they're keeping me 'till friday? I have to get Boo form (insert ex's name here)'s house thursday." I said.
Still petrified from what happened even though it happened to me, Jordan just looked at me and let out a few tears most of the time he was sitting there. I grabbed his hand when he let out a sigh and a few tears.
"I love you." I said. He responded with the same words but they meant so much more to me than usual, I don't know why or how, but they did.
He let out a grunt trying not to cry, I looked at him indicating it's ok to cry.
"You scared me... so much." He said as he hugged me again and cried lightly into my neck. I hugged him back and gave him a kiss on his neck making him sigh and hug tighter.
I love him, so much more than I loved my ex, he always knows what to say, when to say it, how to say it and when to say "I love you", and I love him.
"If you weren't there I would have fallen on my head and cracked it open on the hardwood floors, you saved me from much worse."
"You still scared the crap out of me, don't do it again." He said.