
Jordan's POV
I woke up to Erin with a sad look on her face, she had tears streaming her face but she was still asleep.
"Erin! Hey, Erin?" I said waking her up so she could cry into my chest.
"Jordan!" She screamed before slowly hugging me and crying and weakly holding me.
"Why are you crying?" I asked rubbing her back.
"I don't know!" She yelled.
"Calm down, you don't even know why your crying, Erin." I said.
She kept looking at me and saying she's sorry.
"Why are you sorry?" I asked.
"You died in my dream!" She sobbed.
"Oh, Erin." I said. She would NOT let go of me, I tried to make her but she wouldn't, she... just didn't want to let go.
"I love you." She cried.
"I love you." I chuckled.
After she finally calmed down enough to say more than four words, she explained her "horifiing" dream to me.
"We were driving to -- on our way to somewhere. This asshole drove out in front of us when he had a red light and hit us from the drivers side, you were driving. He didn't even care, he just got out if his car and walked away leaving your cut up glass shard covered, bloody body... to -- " She said before crying again. "To die in front of me! He just left me with my useless legs and your lifeless body! I couldn't get you to respond to anything I was saying, to anything at all. I tried to clean all the glass off of you and get you to wake up but... I just kept telling you I love you but you wouldn't say it back and you wouldn't move." She said hugging me with all her morning might.
"I'm alive you know?" I asked.
"I know." She chuckled before kissing me.
Once we finished breakfast, we played a few games of minecraft and then just sat on my couch and watched a movie. In the middle of the movie, we were just talking not paying attention to it.
"What is the cutest thing I could do?" She asked.
"That depends on your definition of "cute"." I said.
"No, it depends on yours." She said.
"Let me think... live?" I asked.
"Jordan... thank you." She said before kissing my arm.
Erin's POV
Jordan and I fell asleep in each other's arms on the couch after a movie.
"Jordan!" I screamed grabbing him, hiding my face in his chest and holding him as tight as I could, I was woken up by the loudest thunder clap I heard in a LONG while.
"Ahh haa!" He said extending the ends of the "words" while also holding my frightened self.
"Oh my god! That scared me so bad." I said into his chest.
--this entire time Erin was talking, she was saying it into his chest... from here until they get up--
"Yeah me too, I thought it was a gunshot or some random guy trying to take you... or something." He said. I squeezed him tighter when another thunder clap happened even louder than the last. "Are you afraid of thunder?" He asked.
"Possibly." I said shakily.
"Mmm hmm, it's a sound. I'm more "afraid" of lightning than thunder." He said with quotation marks.