
Erin's POV
"Jordan!" I screamed tripping over my own feet as he pulled me over to him agresevly.
"What?" He asked as we were face to face.
"I love you." I said when he started to kiss me.
"Mmm hmm." He said still kissing me.
"I love you, more than anyone could love someone." I said after pulling away from the kiss.
"I love you." He said quietly.
I kissed him making us even more breathless. I pushed him up to a wall and grabbed his shirt. He pulled away and I wrapped my leg around his.
~~~Flashback to before this started~~~
Jordan's POV
Erin and I uploaded the "Shape up" video and the feedback we got about the kiss was all mixed.
"That kiss was adorable, why don't you avoid cutting all of them out?" One of the comments said.
"Eww really? You had to end it on a kiss?" Another younger viewer said.
We mostly got good feedback, or at least mostly saw good feedback.
"Aww, Jordan. See they don't care... I always... I always think they're going to care." She said.
"Yeah, they're pretty cool." I said.
"All the time." She said enthusiastically.
"At least they know I love you." I said before kissing her.
We sat down and she sat on my lap, we just sat there for about an hour holding each other, before looking at each other and...
"I love you." She said before we started to make out.
~~~Flash forward to real time~~~
Erin's POV
Jordan kissed me and held my hip in one hand and my hand in the other. He continued to pull away and try to catch a breath, but I wou -- I couldn't let him, I couldn't stop.
"I can't breathe." He said in between giant breaths before I kissed him again. "Jes -- Jesus, Erin!" He said.
"I'm sorry." I said.
I continued to kiss him making him both pull away and kiss me back. I could tell that Jordan was trying to keep kissing me but he just couldn't. He pushed himself off the wall and spun me around making my back up against the wall.
"Please -- " He said.
"Hmm?" I asked, he didn't respond, he just kept kissing me and taking breaths.
"Jordan?" I asked, once again no response, he just kept on kissing me. I put my hand on his chest and he put his hand on my shoulder.
After about a half an hour of kissing without any words being spoken, Jordan finally told me what he meant by please.
"I mea -- meant... please don't stop." He said breathlessly.
"Stop what?" I asked breathless also.
"Don't stop, just don't stop." He said before kissing me again.
This time I pushed off the wall and I jumped into his arms. He held me in his arms, looked straight into my eyes and said "I love you". He kissed me and stumbled backwards onto the couch.
Jordan's arm wrapped around my neck and his other arm around my legs picking me up bridal style, he carried me to his bed and lied me down.