
--I HIGHLY APPOLIGIZE IN ADVANCE ERIN, I also apologize about the arm! and I apologize about the punch in the stomach, Jordan--
Jordan's POV
I just got punched in the stomach.
"Jordan? Are you okay?" Erin asked in the sweetest way.
"Yeah, I'm fine." I said holding my fist in my hand a clenching my teeth.
"You are?" She asked as she wiped tears from her face with her shirt.
"You are?" I asked. She chuckled and hugged me as well as she could with one arm as we walked inside and to the couch.
"I need to get you some asprin or something, right?" she said as she walked to the kitchen. On her way there she leaned on the island and almost couldn't stand, she got dizzy again.
"Jordan?" she said as she grabbed the side of the island making her slightly more stable.
"Erin, Dizzy again?" I asked while running up behind her and grabbing her hoping it would help and she wouldn't fall again. She fell back into my arms making me stumble. I sat her down on the floor, I looked in her eyes to realize they were rolling to the back of her head. I grabbed her in time to not let her faint. "Erin, no stop! Stay here, listen to me. I'm calling 911. Erin, don't fall asleep, stay awake." I said as her eyes got heavier and heavier.
"Erin? Baby, don't fall asleep! Please stay awake!" I said as her grip on my arm loosened.
"911, what's your emergency?
"My girlfriend, she got dizzy, she is on the verge of fainting. I need an ambulance.
"What is your location? Hello, sir?"
"Yeah, my location..."
"An ambulance is on its way." The 911 operator said.
"Thank you."
"Jor -- " She said before letting go of my arm.
"No! Hold my arm! Don't let go of me, don't fall asleep, please." I said. She grabbed my arm again and looked in my eyes.
"I love y -- Jordan. " She said extremely weakly before passing out in my arms. I sobbed into her chest and held her hand, she had no strenght in her. The ambulance got there and took her, I rode in the ambulance, held her hand and cried the entire time.
"How long ago did she faint?" One of the doctor people asked.
"Less then two minutes before you got there." I said trying not to cry to the point where I couldn't talk. I called Erin's mom and told her to meet me at (so and so) hospital.
"Erin? Can you hear me? Squeeze mine or his hand if you can." The same doctor said as they were taking her to a room.
I felt her squeeze my hand so lightly that it felt like she wasn't trying to at all.
"She responded, she squeezed my hand." I said.
"Good, she's responsive now." He said.
"Squeeze my hand. Can you squeeze it again, please?" I sobbed.
"Jo -- " She said lightly.
"Erin! Ha ha. Yes stay awake talk to me." I said as they switched her to an actual bed.
"Jordan?" She said in a weak forseless tone.
"Yes, I'm right here. Erin, talk to me."
"Sir, back up please." The doctor said.
"Erin? Jordan!?" Her parents screamed.