
Jordan's POV
"Erin?" I said as I grabbed her and put my hands in the back pockets of her jeans.
"What?" She asked as she held her hands over mine.
"I love you." I said with fear in my eyes as she tried to kiss me, she paused and just looked at me and then she kissed the side of my mouth awkwardly when I turned away because she didn't respond as fast as I thought she would.
"Damn." She whispered under her breath.
"You missed." I said after looking in her beautiful green eyes.
"I wont miss this time." She said just before we leaned in to kiss each other. "I love you." She whispered.
Erin's POV
"Jordan, come on." I said with a seductive tone.
"Where?" He asked
"Just follow."
Jordan's POV
Erin took me to a park to have a picnic. She's so sweet.
"Baby." I said in the softest of voices.
"Yeah? Oh Jordan." She said
"I love you."
We leaned in to kiss under the cherry blossom canopy as the wind blew surrounding us in cherry blossom petals.
"Jordan, I love this." She said looking more beautiful then ever.
"I love you." I said
"You said that already." She said with a smile.
Erin's POV
"Your all mine." I said
"I'm all yours."
"Baby?" He asked
"Yeah? Wait, baby?" I said not realizing he said it before... many times before.
"You're my baby, I'm yours why couldn't we call each other baby or babe? He responded
"You've never called me baby before today, why start now?"
"You are my baby." He finished
"Aww. What do you want?" I asked
"I love you." He said even though I already knew it.
"Stop saying that."
"Nope, no I will not."
Jordan's POV
"Oh, Jordan. You're adorable, I can't stand your adorablness." She said before kissing my cheek.
When we left the picnic Erin took me to a movie. We were going to see pitch perfect 2.
" two tickets for Pitch perfect 2 please." I said.
Erin's POV
After the movie we went back to my house.
"Oh, it's already 12." I said while sitting in his lap.
"Then I should leave?" He said while squeezing my sides making me squeal and jump forwards and onto the floor.
"Ahh, Jordan what the hell!" I said holding my stomach that hurt from laughter as I was rolling on the floor cry laughing.
"How are you laughing that hard?" he asked as I stood up still cry laughing
"Oh, Jordan. Oh my god Jordan." I said before sitting next to him on the couch and laughing so hard again that my head fell in his lap. Jordan got up then kneeled down a to kiss my head.
"Dear, god Erin." He said
"You squeezed me." I said
"I think I'd know if I squeezed you, which I did but you know." he said nonchalantly
"Jordan! oh my god." I hissed
"I love you." we both muttered.