
Erin's POV
I'm outside the door of the bathroom waiting for Jordan to unlock the door and come out or let me in.
"I am still a little unsure what happened but if you let me in maybe we can figure it out?"
I said. he never responded, but a while later he unlocked the door and I sprung up from sitting at the base of the door waiting for a response.
As he opened the door I entered the bathroom quickly. Seeing him leaning over the sink looking sick himself even though I was the one who just puked, everything got blurry. "Erin." he said "Jordan? What Jordan?" I asked worried he or I was going to pass out. we only kissed but I'm scared were gonna pass out? "ERIN! Er—." he said before I was falling into his arms turning as white as possible. I thought I was gonna pass out in his arms. "Erin?" He asked. "What? I did -- just -- you" I said "What? Erin respond with sense in your words." he said with ultimate concern.
I'm trying to form words but I can't quite get them out. "Oh god. I need to... I... need to sit." I said just before leaning on him to walk slowly to the living room and sit after almost passing out FROM A KISS. "Oh Jordan." I said. I said that before but with a mad frustrated tone and this time I said it crying.
Jordan's POV
She started crying? How is she so... so... like this, so unaware and out of it? I'm not like this. Should I be like this? "Erin? respond. Say something please. are you ok?" I asked in rapid fire mode. "shut up." she said with a slight chuckle, I chuckled back in a sort of happy way. "Erin." I said "Jordan?" she asked. "Erin." I said again. "What?" she said. "I only wanted say your name. I love to say your name. It — " I said. she had her head in the side of the couch while lying down. she turned to look at me and finish my sentience. "makes you feel better in bad situations where you get mad or sad and can't think... I just say your name too." she thinks about me all the time? "oh Jordan!" she at this point was sobbing into my arm. "What?" I asked trying not to yell at her for being a complete... sweet heart.
--this part I am not very proud of and it doesn't make sense so if you want to you can block it out of you mind. I honestly almost hate this part--