
Jordan's POV
"Alright." I said after kissing her cheek letting her know I almost forgave her.
"I love you."
"Yeah, I know." I said.
Erin and I barley even talked at a late dinner, we just sat and played with our food. I got up at one point... "Wait!" She said standing up.
"Yes?" I asked, she stood up and hugged me.
"Whatcha doin'?" She asked.
"Why didn't you call?" I asked.
"I wish I never stayed, I should have come home to you and we would have been fine. I would rather have been with you, but Boo said she wanted me there so naturally I stayed for my daughter not thinking about my boyfriend -- who I love with more than all my heart -- making him think I slept with my ex." She said starting to cry, she was holding back tears making a really weird face... that actually made me want to hug her. Erin's eyes were welling up, her face just got really weird... and she couldn't hold back crying.
"Erin." I said as she backed up while letting a tear escape
"It's okay, I know you stayed for Boo. Come here." I said hugging her.
"I love you." She said.
"I love you too, but please call next time." I said.
"I won't even need too." She said.
Erin and I sat down at the table and actually ate our food, still not talking that much. I put my hand out hoping she would take... and she did.
"Thank you." I said.
"What?" She asked with her mouth full.
"Thank you." I repeated.
"What -- why? You should be mad still." She said.
"I am, just not as mad as before." I said.
"I'm sorry. Nothing happened, I'm sorry." She said.
"Okay." I said squeezing two of her fingers.
--do you know what I mean? Her pointer finger and her middle finger are sitting in the palm of his hand--
"Okay." She said as a tear fell next to her plate.
By the time we went to bed, we weren't completely fine but getting close to it. I lied on my side of the bed and she lied on hers, we barely said goodnight. When I woke up the next morning, her face was in her pillow and the covers were half over her head.
"Good morning." I said even though she was asleep. I kissed her head and desided to lay there until she woke up.
"Baby?" She asked. I rolled over to see her face and her eyes were bloodshot red from crying all last night.
"Hey, Erin. I felt distant last night, I don't like feeling distant." I said.
"Me either... I just wasn't sure you wanted to talk." She said.
"I missed you even though you were here." I said.
"I missed you the entire time I was there and I missed ever since then, but I swear if we do this again, we are going to need boats."
Erin's POV
I'm not completely sure, but I think Jordan and I are feeling a little better.
"I really really did miss you... last night." He said.
"I'm sorry, Jordan." I said.