
Jordan's POV
At a restaurant, I got a call from Erin in the middle of an important business phone call. She left a message "Jordan call back a.s.a.p. please I need help. Come quick." Then I got a text.
"JORDAN WHERE ARE YOU? I called 20 minutes ago you can't possibly not be available today!! come on"
I got to Erin's house as quick as I could and she had no emergency but when I entered she ran to me as fast as she could before I could even close the door and kissed me wrapping her leg around my hip making me unintentionally grab her thigh, she kissed kissed me like ATE MY FACE kissed me. It was amazing. I love her.
"Your beautiful is showing a lot today." I said as soon as I got the chance to actually look at her.
Erin's POV
"Oh, Jordan." I said in a happy perky voice after I made out with him forever.
"Erin." He said
"Jordan." I said
"Erin Erin Erin."
"Jordan Jordan Jordan."
"Erin, I like you, I really really like you."
"I brought you coffee and a cookie." He said shakily.
"Aww, so sweet. actually sweet."
"Oh, where is Boo?" He asked.
"I don't care about anything right now, I only want to think about is you. but she is out with my mom so we won't see her."
"Ok." He said before kissing me then getting up from the hammock in my backyard between two trees.
"Dance with me" He said.
"Get some music." I said
"We need none." He replied pulling my face towards his making me both uncomfortable and more in love.
Jordan's POV
I'm at Erin's dancing my heart out with her and I really really like her... a lot.
"Your mine, Mine and mine only. Just stay in my arms and never move." She said. I could never be more attracted to anyone ever.
"Erin, I will stay here as long as you want m - "
"Need, I need you here, not want." She cut me off to say before kissing me again
"As long as you need me to be here."
"Jordan?" She asked adorably.
"Hmm, what?" I responded.
Erin's POV
I walked away from Jordan an lied down on the hammock.
"Join me, lay right here."
"And exactly why would I not?" He asked as lovable as someone could sound before kissing my cheek.
"I like you, but it's not enough and anything else would be too much already."
"Erin, do you really really really like me?" He asked
"I really really really really like you." I said looking straight up at the sun setting pink clouded sky.
"This wasn't the true question I needed to ask..." is he going to ask me to marry him? I am not ready for marriage let alone with Jordan who I have only liked for a week and 2 days or so. Okay exactly, yes I counted, because all of a sudden... I love him.
"Do you want to be my girlfriend and let me have you for as long as we want? will you be my girlfriend?" oh thank god he didn't ask if I wanted to marry him
"Oh okay, thank god." I answered out loud stupidly
"What? yes or no?" he asked as he sat up with worry in his eyes.
I got up from the hammock and held my head and hid my face, he is the one I want to be with... but is it too sudden?
"Jordan, I'm sorry. Yes I want to be your girlfriend... but --" I said angrily trying to figure out what I should do next.
"Be with me. you said the same thing to me, be... with... me." he said
"I will be... your... uhh..."
"My girlfriend." he finished.