
what the fuck is wrong with me
as promised, my jitler fic
--
"hitler, do you think this dress is too much? how does my ass look?"
"jesus, that dress looks nice now can we leave?"
"no, i like spending time with you. i don't want my father to het in our way. you know he isn't accepting of gay people, let alone having you as a boyfriend."
"slow down there satan-"
"woah watch your mouth hitler, i am jesus fucking christ!"
hitler winced.
"ah fuck i forgot sorry. it's not my fault you just had to be god's son."
"bruh, im so swag i am god."
"no you're not."
"shut up hitler."
"remind me why you're trying on dresses?"
"i came shopping and i decided id try a new look."
"stop touching yourself omg"
"im just feeling my curves, i know you're watching meh." i said as if i drank niagra falls' worth of alcohol.
"oh my god."
"god belongs to my mom, you dipshit."
"can we leave?"
"ugh fine buzzkill."
{ months later aka halloween }
"i thought you went to get milk, why are you holding a lamp?"
"i was walking to the grocery store but i saw a really nice bike since, you know, we don't have a car, and i ended up buying a lamp. fuck i forgot the milk, means no cereal for like a week. i should start leaving the house more. nah."
"i don't even know-"
"BYE HITLER IMMA GO BUY MILK!!" i shouted as i left the house.
"YOU'RE NOT WEARING PANTS JESUS!!"
"GOD DAMN IT!!"
i went back inside since my pants mysteriously disappeared.  me, are disappearing pants even legal?
"okay hiTLER IM LEAVING NOW!!"
"YOU FUCKING PUSSY!!"
"YOU KNOW YOU WANT MINE!!"
"YES I DO!!"
"FUCK YOU HITLER!!"
{ 4 hours and 20 minutes later }
[ hitler pov ]
i was in the kitchen making cereal until i realized there was no fucking milk. and at that moment, jesus decides to walk into the house wearing what i thought was roadkill. no, he was wearing a fucking feather boa, fucking purple tutu, fucking high fucking knee fucking socks, fucking white vans the fucking pedo, fucking shirt with a satanic symbol thingy
"jesus, what are you supposed to be?"
"well im supposed to be the holy straight son of god but-oh... oh! you mean my costume?"
"duh dipshit"
"im supposed to be a hooker"
"so basically you're yourself"
"you know it hitler."