
****Insert Playlist here****
I ran faster and faster. Chasing my fresh prey through the moon lit forest. I could hear it's heart pulse against my ears. Pumping fresh blood throughout its body. I jumped and tackled the helpless creature to the ground. The sweet smell of blood tickled at my nostrils. I let my fangs descend. Fear overtook the animals body, leaving it paralyzed and heavily breathing for air. I sank my fangs into its flesh, and let the sweet red liquid trickle out. As I drained it's body of life, its struggles grew weaker. The heart beat of my prey slowly ceased. I lifted my head and licked my lips. Ridding them of any leftover blood, that still lingered. I rose up from where my prey lay dead on the ground. My hunger, now satisfied.(for the moment at least.) I looked out at the horizon. Daylight was coming fast. I had best return home before someone realizes I'm missing. My father Anton, leader of our clan forbid my brother and I venturing out past our curfew. Which was totally lame. It's not my fault my hunger gets the best of me. My brother Hadrian had always followed fathers orders. He wanted to prove himself worthy of taking over and leading the clan, after our father could no longer carry out the duties of it. To me, my brother was nothing but a ass kisser. Daybreak settled across the horizon. "Shit" I murmured to myself. I hastily sped through the forest, making my way back home. I quietly flew up to my balcony, and slipped inside my bedroom. I jumped into my bed, and ruffled my hair. I buried myself into my blankets, and waited for my father to awake the household. A few minutes passed, and there was a slight knock on my door. I quickly shut my eyes, and pretended to sleep. My door creaked open, and footsteps echoed off the floor. Each step coming closer to where I "slept". A warm hand gripped my shoulder, and lightly shook my body. "Awake my child." my fathers voice echoed loudly in my dead silent room. I let out a soft grown, and slowly opened my eyes. My fathers face appeared before me. He was dressed in his normal suit, and tie. His hair was slicked back and nicely combed. I faked a yawn, and cat stretched. "Hurry up and get ready. You and I have a lot to discuss." He said with a stern voice. Before I could reply, he stormed out of my room. Could he know about my night outside, after curfew? I questioned myself. No, he couldn't have possibly found out. I was too carful. I began to worry. "It's probably nothing" I whispered to myself.
I slid out of my bed, and went to my wardrobe. I picked out a cream colored gypsy dress. It came down a little past my knees, and it was layered finely. The layers helped it look mystical, and flowing. The sleeves where nothing but lace, and came down a little past my hands. I went over to my vanity mirror, that was connected to a desk. I sat down, and grabbed my brush. I combed through the knots I made earlier. My hair was waist length, so it took me a while to brush all of it. I applied liquid eyeliner to the top of both my eyelids. Creating a perfect cat eye. I even took the time to apply my favorite deep red lipstick. I smiled at myself in the mirror. I guess it was time to face my father. I let out a groan, and slipped downstairs. I really hope he didn't find out about my 'midnight snack'.
****So I hope you enjoyed this first chapter. It's my first time writing a vampire book, so give me a little slack if it's not perfect. I apologize for any spelling or grammatical errors. I probably won't correct them until I finish the book. I also plan on turning this story into a series. I have big plans for this book! Let me know what you think in the comments. And don't forget to vote if you enjoyed the chapter. It's much appreciated.****