
Dear Anna,
If you are reading this letter, then I am already gone by now.
You said you wanted me gone and out of your life forever, so your wish is granted. You wanted the company, so I'm giving it to you. I hope giving up your dream of being a famous fashion designer was worth it, because there was a catch to inheriting the company, you have to dedicate your life to it. You are not allowed to do anything else besides work to better the company.
Know that while reading this letter, I don't hate you, I will never hate you, you are my little sister after all. I am just doing what you wanted to make your life a better place.
I don't know where I will go, or how my life will turn out, but I am a survivor. Don't you worry about me Anna, I will end up alright. Just worry about yourself. I wish you luck with Mark, make our family proud, and as always make smart choices. I want you to go about life having no regrets, and be happy.
Tell Punzie, Jack, Hiccup, and Merida that I wish them the best of luck too, and not to worry. This piece of frozen trash is going far away from them, so I will never ruin their day. It was an honor to meet and get to know you all, even if it was for a day.

P.S. I'm sorry if I was a burden to you all, and I really hope that you all get what you wish for in life.
For the last time,
Elsa

My hands were shaking, and I was crying while reading this short letter. Why didn't I listen to her? Why did I say those things?

"Guy's she's gone."

"What!"

I collapsed to the floor sobbing, and handed them the note. One by one they all read it, and started crying.

"Guys, what does she mean for the last time?" Hiccup said worried, "Y-you don't think that she would kill herself, right?"

We all look up at each other, we all could easily assume that Elsa wasn't the happiest person.

"No" Merida said, "She may not have been happy, but she wouldn't kill herself. She is a strong person."

"We have to find her!" Jack said, "No matter how long it takes."

Everyone nodded in agreement.

"Does anyone know where to start?" Punzie asked.

"Well she never told me where she worked, but she did mention a friend named Ariel. We could start there." I quietly said.

Elsa we will find you and bring you home, don't worry.

(A/N: Just remember in this story Hans is a good guy, and this is a Jelsa story not a Helsa)
