

"No!" she pushed me off.

"Anna you can't date someone you've known for three minutes."

"You can if it's true love."

"Anna your 14, what do you know about true love?"

"More than you, all you know how to do is how to be an ice cold bitch!"

Punzie and all of her friends were behind Anna

"Elsa, its fine. I've dated a person I just meet before... All of us have."

"Yeah, and how many of those relationships ended up in heartbreak and weight gain?" I said raising an eyebrow.

When they didn't answer I gave them the 'that's what I thought' look.

They all looked at me furious but I ignored them.

"Anna, you can get to know him, but you will not date him until you are at least 16."

"No! You are not my mother!" she screamed.

"You're right, I'm not. I am however the person that works so we can live, your older sister, and heiress to the family company."

She looked shocked and mad that I threw that in her face.

She slapped me, then kicked me.

"You think that just because you are older, that the company is yours! It should belong to me, I am the ones mom and dad loved the most. You are a monster with an icy heart! No one would or could ever love someone like you!"

This really hurt me, but I had to be strong.

"Well Anna, if I'm not a good enough sister, then leave. Go move in with your boyfriend."

She looked shocked that I said that.

"Fine, maybe I will."

"Okay, but when he dumps you like all of them were", I said gesturing to Punzie's group, "and you realize how much of an idiot you were, don't you bother coming back, because you will have made your choice."

This made Punzie and her friends really mad, me calling them idiots.

Can they not take any legitimate criticism, seriously!

"Guys seriously, can you not see that dating someone you just met is something that only happens in story books. Doing it in reality is only something mentally deficient people would do!" I said looking at them hoping they would see my side. They obviously didn't, I just made them madder.