

"Elsa, what is wrong with you! Are you really that cold hearted?" Punzie shouted.

"No Punzie, trash doesn't have a heart." Jack said with a wicked grin.

Merida kicked me really hard in the gut, and I fell to the floor coughing up blood. Then Jack picked me up, and threw me outside in a trash can.

"Elsa, you are weak, talentless, useless, ugly, imperfect, unwanted, dumb, moronic, unloved, hideous, quiet, cruel hearted girl who hasn't probably had her first kiss yet!" Hiccup screamed.

"Guess what, no matter how slutty you dress, no boy is ever going to want to kiss that hole you call a mouth. So why don't you spare us all the trouble and slit your wrists already, because the only thing that will ruin the rest of our night is looking at your face one more second." Merida and Punzie said.

"Elsa any similarity between you and a human is purely coincidental!" Jack said.

"Elsa I hate you, and I never want to see you again!" Anna yelled, "My whole life you have done nothing but boss me around, and try to outshine me! Get the hell out of my life, and never come back! NOW!"

They all hit me, then all turned around leaving me in the trash can alone. I could feel hot tears running down my cheeks. All my life I had done everything to make Anna's better, even if it made me miserable. Yet she wanted me to go away and never come back.

I jumped out of the trash can, and walked towards my motorcycle. I didn't car that my outfit was all torn and I smelled like trash, I just drove home as quickly as possible. I grabbed my backpack from out of the back of my bike, and ran up to my room.

I looked at the business card, and dialed the number.

"Hello Hans, this is Elsa. I know it's late, but is the offer still up for grabs?"

"Yeah!"

"Great, can we talk at your place?"

"Sure, I'll text you the address."

I took my parents last testimate, and left it on the countertop. I wrote a note for Anna, then walked out of the house for hopefully the last time.

You wanted me gone Anna, well, I'm going.

I grabbed my bike once again, and went to the address he sent me. I was a huge flat.

Hans opened the door, and smiled at me.

"Please, come in!" I nodded, and stepped in. It was beautiful!

"So, what did you want to discuss."