

"Elsa Queen."

"Well Elsa, if you change your mind here is my business card." he handed me it.

"I hope to hear from you soon."

I nodded, and quickly changed back into my school clothes, and once again put on the phony nerd glasses. I shoved the business card in my bag, and drove off to Punzie's house.

She dragged me into her room, and looked me up and down.

She handed me a black tight fitting crop top, and a teal skater skirt. She twisted my hair into a braided bun, and applied light make-up, and painted my nails. She put on a snowflake necklace, earrings, and a ring, then put on a pair of high heel boots on me. For the finishing touch she handed me a purse, and a pair of contacts (A/N: Outfit is in media section.)

I told her I didn't want to wear them, but she insisted. I walked into the bathroom, and pretended to put them in.

She smiled at me, and I took her to the party on my motorcycle. Punzie walked in first while I was parking my bike. When I walked in all eyes turned to me, I felt a tiny bit uncomfortable, but I continued walking in, and met up with Punzie and her friends.

"So... Elsa, how do you like it here in California so far?" Jack said.

"Well, it is very warm. I'm used to cooler weather." I said

Even though it is winter here, it is still in the high 50's.

"Yeah, I like cooler weather too." he said.

God he is so cute and sweet. I may have a tiny crush. I won't do anything about it, but still it's not harmful to have a crush on someone.

I mainly smiled, and nodded the rest of the night. I didn't say anything though, it was part of the shy nerd act. That was until Anna came up to me with some boy who couldn't keep his hands off of her.

"ELSA! I want you to meet my boyfriend Mark!"

WTF!?!?!

"I'm sorry, I'm confused."

"I said my boyfriend! He is the captain of the football team!" she said with a dreamy gaze.

I know she has always wanted to date the captain of the football team, but this is too much.

"Anna, how long have you two known each other?"

"For around three minutes, three wonderful minutes."

"Anna, were leaving!" I said grabbing her arm.