
Elsa's P.O.V.

I woke up to the sound of my annoying alarm clock. I walk to the bathroom and took a cold shower. It sounds strange, but it is good for your hair.

For those of you who don't know anything about me, my name is Elsa Queen. I am 16 years old, have brown hair, and icy blue eyes. When I was a little kid I was popular, talented, athletic, and good at just about everything. That was before our parents died. My younger sister Anna went into a depression, and wouldn't come out of her room. (A/N: Ironic, it's the other way around.) She let me in only once, and I asked her  what would make her feel better. She responded she wanted to be popular and loved in school. It was a weird request, but I would do anything for my sister. That was when I started dressing like a nerd, acting anti-social, and pretending that I suck at everything. I may not be happy, but at least Anna was.

I stepped out of the shower, and put on some dark skinny jeans, a long red shirt that says NERD on it, black vans, and nerd glasses. The glasses were unnecessary, but they helped complete my nerd look.

I braided my hair, and grabbed my back pack, and walked downstairs.

Anna was looking cute in a pink dress with a  blush bow belt, blush flats, and a tan sweater. Her hair was in an adorable bun.

Morning  Anna! Ready for our first day at our new school?"

Did I tell you, we moved to California two months ago? We couldn't afford our old home, so we had to sell it, and I had to take on a job. Our parents may have owned a successful company, but we don't see one red cent until I turn 18.

"YES!!! I hope I am popular there! I don't want to be disliked." She rambled on.

I just hoped I survived, being a nerd is basically like waving a sign around saying 'beat me up'.

I ate a granola bar, and took the bus. Anna said she wanted to walk.

I sat in the back of the bus alone, the usual thing for a nerd to do.

When I got off the bus, I went straight to the office, and grabbed my schedule.

I was heading to my locker, but I didn't make it far. Some egotistic jerk pushed me down to the floor.

"Look what we got here, fresh meat." He said in a very creepy tone of voice. By this point a crowd of students surrounded us.

He started hitting and kicking me, but I didn't show any pain or emotion. I have trained myself for this, I am basically a robot. He got mad, and started beating me harder, but still I stayed emotionless.

"Hey!" someone from outside the crowd shouted, "Leave her alone!"

Four people made their way through the crowd and helped me up. There was a girl with fair skin, blue eyes, and red curly hair. A shaggy brunette with green eyes, fair skin, and nerd glasses. A gorgeous guy with super pale skin, white hair, and blue eyes. Finally a girl with super long blonde hair, green eyes, and tan-ish skin.