
"Wow, mello, I never thought I'd see the day, you being friendly to someone!" He went a little coy. "S-shut up!" I could have sworn I saw a hint of red in his cheeks. He grabbed his chocolate back, taking a bite from it. I leaned over and took a bite after him. I defiantly saw a blush at that. "Thanks Mello" I smiled, and rooted through my suitcase until I found my DS. He didn't respond.
I switched it on and looked for players on Mario kart. When I found a player angryd 'MATTStheBEST'. I looked up, looking around, as did the boy beside the white haired boy. We looked at each other. I smiled. "Hi, I'm Y/N, and I'm guessing your Matt?" I asked. He nodded, grinning. "Wanna play?" He asked. "Duh! Let's do it!" I said jokingly.
We played together for the rest of lunch. He kept beating me. I giggled, just as he was about to win, I shut off my DS. "Hey!" He exclaimed in outrage, causing me to burst out laughing, and soon, he was too. Soon, a woman came up to me. "Y/N?" She asked. I nodded. She smiled. "Hi. My name is Deirdre, and for the rest of the year, I'll be helping you get settled in" she said cheerily. "You will be sharing a room with Near" she pointed to the white haired boy. He didn't respond, only fiddled with his toy robot.
I nodded yet again. She brought me to the room. It was huge! Near had so many toys, I couldn't even begin to try to count them all! She showed me which bed was mine, and I packed away my things, placing pug gently on my pillow. I walked onto the playground, and found out that the boys were scattered all over the place. Matt was on top of the slide waving at me. "Hey! Y/N! Wanna play on the slide with me?"
I looked over to see mellow on his own, swinging on the swings, presumably deep in thought. I shook my head, pointing over to mellow, who was staring at the ground. He looked a little disappointed. "O-ok, later then?" I nodded, and he grinned.
I walked over to mello, sitting on the free swing beside him. He looked up. "Hey, you alright?" I asked, smiling. He nodded, returning it slightly, looking up at the sky. I swung and talked for a while, before you went over and sat against a wall. I started to feel a little chilly, realizing my jacket was inside. I shivered, then felt a warm arm wrap around me. I looked up to see mello had wrapped his arm around me. I smiled, resting my head on him, and soon I fell asleep.
Later that night, I woke up in my own bed. He must have carried me in. Just too sweet! I rooted around for pug. "On the floor" a muffled voice from the other side of the room came. I looked on the floor, and there he was. I picked him up, snuggling him to my chest. "Thanks Near, I owe you one" I smiled, laying back down and falling into sleep again.