
Sorry if its a little (or a lot) OCC for some characters ;^;
I woke up and started to get dressed in my school uniform. I couldn't wait to go to school! All of my friends were there, and I couldn't wait to see them. I grabbed my bag and went down to get breakfast. Mummy was sitting at the table, crying. I made sure I didn't go near her. Sometimes, when mummy's really mad or sad, she hits me, or slaps me or kicks me, and I don't like it at all. I try to be a good girl for mummy. I don't want her to be mad at me.
"Y/N" she said suddenly "go pack all your shit into your suitcase, your going away for a while" I blinked, putting the bowl of coco pops in my hands down. "O-ok mummy" I walked back up the stairs and into my room. I packed away my most loved clothes, my hidden stack of chocolate (don't even ask how I got it), my 3DS, my puzzle book, my book, my special pillow and my teddy pug, who I named pug. I know, not the most original name, but I am only six.
I took one last look around my room, sighing happily. Maybe mummy was taking me on a holiday! I only left the country once before, and that was to visit my daddy in Japan. I ran down stairs quietly and waited at the door, like a good little girl. My mummy came after a while, opening the door and pushing me out. "M-mummy? If you don't mind me asking, where are we going?" She sighed heavily. "Were going to put you in an orphanage. Don't worry, your brother will be there too" I smiled. "Yaaay! Brother Lawliet!" I didn't understand what an 'orphanage' was, but it sounded fun!
My brother lawliet left when I was three, as my mother told me, so I can't quite remember him. I know that he always used to play with me, and hug me. I knew we were very close, but then one day, he just dissapeared without a trace. Well, for me anyway. I can't wait to visit him again! I think he'd be ten now, but hopefully he still had time for me! I can't wait to see him now.
I hop eagerly in the car, and strap myself in. After a while, about half an hour, we arrived outside of a big building. It looked so cool! The lady at the front desk greeted us. "Hello and welcome to wammys, how may I help?" She smiled. My mother cleared her throat. "Hi. Ms.L/N, I'm here to drop off a F/N L/N" the woman tapped away at her computer. "Of course" she grinned. "We've been expecting her. Please, if you would sign these forms" as my mother signed, the woman turned and smiled, giving me a little wave. I waved back gingerly.
"Hi sweetie, why don't you say your goodbyes to your mummy, and then go and grab a bite to eat down the hall in the lunchroom?" I smiled and nodded. I'd missed breakfast, and was starved! I kissed my mummy's cheek. "Goodbye mummy, cya later!" And with a worried look from the receptionist, I skipped off down the hall.
Wow, it sure was packed! I grabbed a (favorite sandwich), apple and a cup of (favorite juice). I looked longingly at the cakes, which were hidden behind the counter, but I could still see them. I had a very sweet tooth! I looked around for a place to sit. There was only one table that wasn't full. I started to head over.
There was a boy with long blonde hair and a black jumper, a chocolate bar in his left hand and a toy robot in his right. "Hey! Give it back mello!" A little boy with white hair and a white very oversized shirt. Another boy with black red hair had been concentrating on a game, a DS I think, underneath the table. I sat down at the table, earning a look from all the boys. "Who the hell are you?" The blonde boy snapped. "I'm Y/N, the lunch room was full, so I'll be sitting here" he pushed me off and I fell to the floor. I scowled as he laughed, sneering. "No way am I sitting beside you" he said, disgusted. He took a bite out of his chocolate, and I hopped back on as quick as lightning, pushing him off, his eyes wide in surprise.
He dropped his chocolate bar on the table, and without another thought, i picked it up and bit down into the chocolate bar, smirking. At first he looked angry, but then he burst out laughing. "You've got guts kid, I'll give you that" he sat back down, grinning. He turned to see the boy with the white hairs jaw practically on the floor. "Yeah? What you staring at?" He snapped. He looked at him and grinned.