
I walked down so many streets until I got to my mother's apartment. It was small but I loved it. I had good memories there like my fifteenth birthday and then I had bad memories like Gabe Ugliano abusing me and my mother. I loved it here though. I walked up to the door when I heard an alarm go off. It was like a fire alarm. I ran inside and tried to get to the stairs but there was fire in the stairwell. I also couldn't breathe because of the smoke so I was coughing really badly. I was about to run through when strong arms grabbed me and pulled me out. I struggled but they pulled me outside. They brought me over to an ambulance but I kept screaming things like "no my mom is in there" and "I have to get my mom". They wouldn't let me go back in though.Eventually the fire was out and they brought out the bodies. I instantly saw my mother's body among them. I broke down into sobs and I couldn't stop. I wanted to die. I wanted to go to the underworld and go to the fields of asphodel so I could forget everything about my horrible life,but I knew I couldn't.
Some cops brought me down to the police station because I was still a minor and I had no family left. Well mortal family that is. Or that's what I thought before they came back with a file.
"So Persephone Jackson right?" I nodded.
"Okay so we found out that you do have a family member that is willing to take you."I must've looked confused because then she explained more.
"Your mother was married to a man named Gabe Ugliano. Your mom started to fill out the divorce papers but they weren't complete so he is technically still your stepfather. We gave him a call and he said he would take you"
I was absolutely confused. My mom kicked him out years ago and she didn't finish filling out the papers? How could that be?
"What" was all that I could say.
I told them I didn't want to go there but they just passed it off as a grieving child.-----------------------------------------------END OF FLASHBACK-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------LINE BREAK two weeks later---------------------------
Today was the day I was sent to live with my childhood abuser. He was a fat man with 3 hairs on his head combed over to make him look "good". Social services met with him already so I was coming to live with him now.
He lived in a small house and he rented it. It only had one floor and it was smaller than my mom's old apartment.
I knocked on the door and a few minutes later the door opened. He reeked of alcohol and if possible he'd gotten fatter.
"So you came crawling back I see" he said"I had no choice" I replied and waved to my ride telling them that it was okay to leave.As soon as they did Gabe walked me inside and told me the rules "you are to cook for me and do everything I tell you to. Got it? Good. Your room is right here" he led me down the hall to a door and he opened it. Inside was a mattress laying on the ground. The room was the size of a closet. I walked in and put my bag down. I turned to see that Gabe had left me alone.
In the room was a small crawl space. I opened the small door and realized I could fit in it. It wasn't very big but it was big enough for a 16 year old girl to fit in. I decided I would straighten up my new room. So I grabbed an old bottle of perfume and an old shirt I didn't like and started spraying and wiping down walls. I moved my bed into the corner of the room and decided the walls were too bare. So I then got out my sketch book and started sketching pictures of my friends and camp half-blood. I drew Leo ,Piper ,Jason ,Frank ,Hazel, and Andrew.
I found some tape and started to hang them on the walls when out of nowhere I hear Gabe yell for me to come into the kitchen. When I go out there I see beer bottles littering the floor.Gabe is at the table looking at me furiously.