
Your screams were muffled by a man's warm, sweaty hand. You squeezed your eyes shut, trying to not look face to face. Ambushed in an alley. What have you gotten yourself into this time?! So much for going to the market.
"Sweetie, we ain't meanin' no harm," the man said with a slurred, deep tone. He hiccuped, giving your nose a foul, rotten beer stench.
"Your daddy hasn't paid back that debt he owes us," another man next to the drunk one budged in. "You know where your pop is?"
You felt tears well up in your eyes. You haven't seen your dad in two years. He worked for factory owners in your city. The family money was low, and he couldn't pay any of the taxes he owed. Soon came dept, and it got so bad that he kissed his wife and you goodbye.
These men were obviously the bosses of your dad, and they looked wasted and angry. Nothing better than two drunk and tempered 40 year old men.
"Ey, I tell ya what," the drunk said with a smirk. "I know how we can repay that debt of your ol' daddy's."
You gulped. Oh no. That didn't sound so good to you.
"I ain't no pedo," the other one said, "But I guess we can work this out..."
The drunk pinned your arms and let go of your mouth. You were about to scream, but the other man held out his finger, lifting up a sharp, long, switchblade from his pocket. With your common sense in handy, that probably mean to shut it. Your cheeks went red as the man gave you a sly. toothy smile. What was a "pedo" anyway? You thought you were probably going to find out.
The other man grabbed your t-shirt collar and ripped part of it with his switchblade. Beads of sweat rolled down your face.
'He's undressing me!!!' You thought with pure fear and embarrassment. 'Someone please help me...'
The gods were on your side today.
A white flash appeared behind the man with the switchblade. There was a cracking sound, then the man fell with a loud "thud".
"Wha da hell?!" the drunk man yelled. "Who's dere?!!"
Another white flash. Another body hitting the ground. Your arms were free. You collapsed to the ground on your knees. 'What...just happened?'
You looked at the two men lying before you. Then it hit you.
They were dead.
You opened your mouth to scream in fear and shock, but before you could, something hit your neck with brutal force, sending you into a temporary slumber.