
* Really quick authors note..Thank you for taking the time to read my book! This is my first time writing a book on here, so excuse my few mistakes or if my writing isn't the greatest.. Anyways, thanks a bunch for taking time out of your day to read this 💙Chelsea up top there too { this part is edited }•---•---•---•---•---•---•---•---•---•---•---•---•--•Chelsea's povBeepBeep beepBeeeeeeep
"Oh for the love of god shut up!" I groaned, wiping my sleepy eyes with the back of my hand before I slammed my fist into the darned thing.
When the alarm clock shattered into tiny pieces on the floor, I had no choice but to remove myself from my ever so comfortable bed.
Picking up the shattered pieces of the alarm clock, I was careful not to cut myself.
I made my way to the bin downstairs, grimacing when the stairs groaned under my weight.
"Thats what you get when you're jealous of my relationship with my bed. Because trust me, you're not the first." I mumbled to myself while placing the remains in the bin.
Padding quietly up the stairs back to my room, I walked into the bathroom, shut the door then removed my tank top and pyjama shorts and hopped in the shower.
After a couple minutes of performing a horrible, off key version of Uma Thurman by Fall Out Boy, - the poor neighbours probably thought I was killing a cat - and using the sponge as a microphone, I looked over at the wall clock. Crap! It was 7.30 and school started at 8.15 not to mention it took us 30 minutes to get there.
Quickly getting out of the shower and drying off with a towel, I threw on my ripped skinny jeans and a plain black tank top with undergarments. I always wore my Red Dragon hoodie and my red Converse sneakers, which was why they were so worn in.
Making my way over to my baby sisters' room, I found Isabelle sound asleep.
Padding over to her bed, I tapped her cheek and called her name softly. When her eyes fluttered open, I smiled and told her she had 15 minutes to get ready for school. Well, more like 10.
She panicked and started running frantically. I moved back and leaned on the door frame, so I wouldn't be hit by the clothes and dolls flying around the room.
"Woah there destructo! Calm your far- Ow!" I yelped, getting hit by one of her airborne dolls. Jesus she's got a good arm! I thought to myself, rubbing the spot where I was attacked by Mr Teddums, her golden bear, that had a pink ribbon around its neck.
" Sowwy!! " The small child *cough * more like energy drink *cough *  ran into my leg, and wrapped her little arms around it, sobbing into my jeans.
"Well good morning to you too little Missy" I bent down and wrapped my arms around her back and sighed.
This was going to be a very long day-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I know this might have seemed a little bit pointless but I would like to know if people are actually going to read this or not.. In other words, I don't know wether to continue or not. Soo if I have a couple people read this and they like it, I'll update as frequently as I can. Anyways, toodles!
-Blazing