
Great just great,this is not how to spend your summer.Me and my friends were suppose to go camping or something.
"Bella,you will still have time now,you need to pack your leaving in the morning"She said smiling.
"Why are you so happy?"I asked.
"Because your leaving the house for once"mom joked.I groaned before going back up to my room.I quickly packed my things enough shirts for the whole summer except the last week.Mom said I was coming on the last week to get ready for school.I wasn't really the type of person to wear tank tops and shorts,I mostly wore jeans and t-shirts all year.I hoped I would at least sneak out one time at that summer camp and,I had nice people in my cabin.I decided to look at this camp online.
"Mom what is the name of this camp?"I yelled over the banister.
"Camp Clearview"SHe yelled back.
I ran back to my room before grabbing my laptop.I sat at my desk and opened my Mac.I searched up the camp and went to photos,all I really cared about.The pictures looked so beautiful but you can't believe everything you see online.I shut down my computer and took my shower before getting some rest.
Next Morning
I woke up to my mom shaking me,I must be late.I rolled over to the other side of my bed.I heard my mom walk around to that side so I rolled back over.I heard a big thud and realized I hit the floor.
"Get up we are going to be late"My mom said walking out my room turning my light on.I walked to my closet and grabbed a t-shirt and leggings out.I brushed my naturally wavy hair.It wasn't too wavy just a bit and I liked it that way.I grabbed my purple suitcase and made my way downstairs.
"Dawn let's get going"My mom said opening the door.I followed her out the door and put my suit case in the trunk.I don't know how long the drive was because I apparently fell asleep.
"Bella,wake up"mom said shaking my thigh.
"I'm up"I said opening my eyes.I looked out my window and the camp looked like some of the pictures.
"Ok bye,darling"my mom said unlocking the door.
"Bye"I said getting out.I went to the trunk and grabbed my suitcase.
"Come get your cabin numbers over here!"someone yelled.I tuned my head to the source and saw a teen girl,with a yellow shirt and shorts on.I walked over to her and smiled receiving a smile back.
"Name please"she said.
"Bella Shelter"I said.
"Oh right here your in cabin five"she said cheerfully.
"Ok Thanks"I said walking away.I looked down at my feet feeling nervous all of a sudden.I felt myself hit something and fall onto the ground.
"Sorry"someone said.I looked up and saw a girl holding her hand out.I took it and she pulled me up.
"It's ok"I said smiling.
"Do you know where cabin five is?"I asked her.
"Yeah follow me"she said,I guess she was in there with me.
"Ok"I said following her to the cabin.
We were the last two there.I was with four other girls including the girl who showed me here.
"Hey"a girl sitting on a top bunk said.
"Hi I'm Bella"I said walking over to the last bunk,a bottom one.
"Hey Bella,I'm Ellie",the girl who asked me where the cabin was.