
"I'm Lauren"a brunette said.
"And I'm Caroline"a blonde said smiling.
"That is Kristen she isn't very social"Caroline said.I looked over at her and she looked up from her phone for a second.
"By the way if brought your phone better hide it"Lauren said.
"Ok"I said laying down on my bunk.
I started thinking about going back home.My thoughts wandered to what to do for the rest of the day.
"I'm bored"Lauren complained.
"I'm annoyed"Kristen complained.
"Let's go talk to some of the boys here"Ellie suggested getting off her bunk.Everyone except Kristen followed Ellie outside.We all walked over to a group of boys apparently Ellie knew them.
"Hey Ellie"someone said.
"Hey Dallas,this is Bella she is new here"Ellie said.
"Well welcome,I'm Dallas"he said putting out his hand.I shook his hand,very warm.He smiled at me as he let go.Dallas turned his attention back to Ellie.
"So you know those people who have that party every Saturday?"he asked her.
"Yeah,and?"she stated.
"Well my buddy is going and he said he could pick us up from the camp"he said smiling.
"So that means he is going to be here in three days"she said.
"It's Wednesday right?"he asked.
"Yeah"Ellie replied.
"Ok then,the town is like about ten miles away and the party is at a house about fifteen miles in town"he said.
"Wait are we walking?"Ellie asked.
"No,he has a car"Dallas said.
"Ok we got to go,bye Dallas"She said.
"Bye,oh yeah and bring the cute one along with you"he said winking at me.I blushed at his comment as we walked away.
"Do you want to come"Lauren asked me.
"Sure"I said.
"Anyone have there phone with them?"Caroline asked.
"I do,why do you need the time?"Lauren asked.
"Yeah"Caroline replied.
"Nine"Lauren said shutting off her phone.
We walked back in our cabin and saw Kristen making out with some dude.Ellie slammed the door making them jolt up.The boy looked at all four of us.
"Excuse you,I think we were doing something"Kristen said.
"And I think you thought wrong"Caroline shot back.
Kristen scuffed before going back to kissing him.
"Move your ass lover boy!"Lauren yelled.
They both left the cabin,good enough for me.We all walked over to our bunks and did our own little thing.One o'clock came around and it was time for us to ear lunch.Lauren gave Ellie a piggy back ride there so Caroline made me give her one.Even though we have only known each other for about five hours,it feels like we have been friends forever.We sat down at a table and waited for our food.
"Wtf where's the food"Caroline said making us all laugh.
"Where is Kristen"Ellie asked.