
Disclaimer! I don't own the walking dead or any of the characters besides Rosie, Charlie, Luke, and James.
***
You never could see the stars very well in the city, even in the country side they didn't shine as bright as they did now. There's something calming about them, almost as if when you look at them you're not alone. It's like you're surrounded by tiny little people, cheering you on, making you feel less alone.
Then the sun rises or you look away and that stab of loneliness comes back, more painful than ever. The feelings of dejection and anger sharper than any weapon.
Rose knew these feelings well, better than most, she thought. Of course, she wasn't really alone, she had her little brother, Charlie. But he was young, he didn't completely understand what these things were, why they attacked and ate other people. He was family though, the only person she had left, and she loved him more than anything.
That's why when she woke up to eyes that weren't his, staring back at her she screamed. As she jumped back she hit her head on another head.
Groaning and opening her eyes she found herself looking into the coppery-brown eyes that belonged her baby brother.
"Charlie, what are you doing- Ah!" Something licked her face and she grabbed her hunting knife and held it in front of her, while shoving Charlie behind her.
"Sissy, wait!" Charlie's tiny voice rang out.
She looked at the thing that licked her and laughed. Instead of a walker, like she'd expected, there was a huge malamute dog. It's fur was muddy and tangled, and it was sitting in a pile of dead leaves wagging it's bushy tail.
"Hello," she says quietly, so as to not scare it away, "Come here cutie.... that's it."
The dog put its big head in her hand and made a grunting noise, it's tail moving faster.
"When did he get here, Charlie?" She looks over her shoulder at her brother, who's looking at the ginormous mutt with excitement.
"Iunno, I wakes up and he was sleepin next to you."
"Woke up, buddy. Any trouble this morning with the beasties?" He called the walkers "beasties" he didn't know how beast-like they really were.
In order for Rose to actually get sleep she had to let Charlie keep watch in the early hours of the morning. She never actually fell asleep, just dozed lightly until dawn, never really leaving him in any danger. She had told him never to wander off and wake her the moment he heard something otherwise they might be separated, and that being separated from him would hurt her heart.
"No twouble, it was all good 'til James show up," he responded proudly.
"James? Is that what we're calling him?" Her tone is amused, she had been thinking something along the lines of Winston or Jake for the giant dog but she reckoned that James would be good too.
A sudden realization hit her and she laughed quietly.
"Wait, how do you know he's a boy?"
Charlie look at her with a serious expression on his little face and said in a hushed whisper, "I saw him potty this morning," he nodded and looked at the dog, "he lifted his leg up to pee so that how I know."
"Ah, okay," she replies with the same expression and serious tone, "James it is then."
Rose looks at her surroundings, they had set up camp the night before in a small gap between the tightly woven trees. Twine was tied up all around them with empty food cans hanging from them, the cans would bang together if anything touched the brown string.