
*beep-beep* Thats the annoying thing I wake up to every morning.Its so stupid I don't understand why we need to wake up so early. Anyway my name is alice Hilton I'm 18 years old my parents aren't all um...What's the word...there?...yeah there. They are off in their own worlds. I look totally different from my parents at least that's what strangers tell me. I'm like a black sheep of the family i don't fit in. Wow, did i mention i get easily side-tracked? If not, sorry sue me. I love the color blue, my eyes are grey,I am sweet at first but if you get me mad you will wish you never met me. I have never had a boyfriend i think they are a waist of time. Anyway i was finishing getting dressed in this (a/n: its the outfit at the beginning of the chapter) once that was done i put a little bit of mascara and a lot of eyeliner then put black lipstick on. I grabbed my bag and walked to school.while walking I think I saw pierce the veil's tour bus pull up to my house but i think I'm seeing things.---AT SCHOOL---
Once at hell sorry I mean school, Courtney (a/n:sorry if that's your name) walked over "Hey bitch where do you think your going?"she asked slapping her gum in her mouth. I ignored her which seemed to piss her off even more. Yay note the sarcasm. She grabed my hair and pulled me inside the bathroom, let me just tell you it hurts like a motherfucker. she got me in one of the stalls she gripped my neck and slammed my head into the Stall's wall, " so are you gonna keep ignoring me then?" She hissed. I got up upper cuted her then she fell to the ground with a bloody nose. I put my head down so my mouth was next to her ear, and whispered "maybe next time you and you 'friends' won't try anything again, understand?"I asked/hissed. She nodded her head rapidly and left I got up and made my way outside only to see the principal standing there "why did you attack poor Courtney?" She asked agitated. I just stood there with a smirk on my face." Well Ms.Sanchez, if you are going to accuse me before you hear my side of the story then you can kiss my ass." I said. Then grabbed my backpack and skatebored, then road to my favorite place the skatepark. Once I got there it wasn't as pack as I thought there were only 4 people there. I put my mask on. Did I mention i was a little famous at this park for my skating? No, oh well there you have it. Once i was done I sat down and took off my mask, I saw the 4 people come over so I got ready to talk to them. The short one started talking "Hi I'm Vic this is Mike,Tony,and Jaime we were watching you skate and you are freaking awesome!!" I stood there totally freaking out in the inside. " Hi I'm Alice and I know who you are your my favorite band and thank you" I said blushing at the end. Mike was the next to talk "so your not gonna fangirl or..." he asked. I giggled "no I said I was a fan not a stalker" I stated. I saw a look of relief wash over their faces. I giggled a little more. "So what are you doing here in san Francisco? I thought you guys were touring soon?" I asked curiously. Jaime started talking this time " well we came to pick up the winner of our contest the one to see who will tour with us" "oh cool do you need help to find this place?" I asked. They shook their heads. "Ok I need to go now nice meeting you guys" i said then I took started to walk off "WAIT!!" I heard i stoped then turned around to find tony coming over to me. " um...I know this may seem strange...but what may be your last name??" He asked. I twiddle my thumbs. "Its hilton. why?" He looked at me "well ms.alice you are the lucky winner of the contest" he said smiling wide. 'This will be fun' i thought.