
"You're so cute." Carmilla giggles and pokes Laura's nose. "Stop! I am not!" She swats Carmilla's hand away and tackles her. Laura is now straddling Carmilla. "You enjoying yourself up there?" Suddenly the door swings open and in comes Perry, Carmilla groans. "I know you told me not to come in when your 'Do Not Disturb' sign was up but I-" "It was up?" Carmilla raises an eyebrow and Laura blushes. "ANYWAY, there's something strange that has happened." Carmilla scoffs and pushes Laura off her as she leans up. "As if ANYTHING weirder could happen at the school." Perry runs a hand through her hair and licks her lips in a worried thought. "I suppose you're right but um... you know how we found Carmilla down in the pit a couple of weeks ago?" Laura nods patiently, Carmilla not so much. "Well um... We..." "CUT TO THE CHASE, PRINCESS!" Carmilla yells and Laura gives her a look. "We found another girl in the pit." Now Carmilla is interested. "And?" She pushes forward. "Well.. We don't recognize this one... At first, we thought she might've been one of the vampires but she wasn't in the line so.. I-I don't know." Laura is confused by her sudden interest. "Can I see her?" Laura is even more confused. Perry nods and seems more relieved as she leads them down to the lustig building. "Th-that's her, down there." She says quietly. Carmilla runs down into the pit and turns on her iPhone flashlight. "Oh. My. God." She says so quietly hardly anyone can hear her. "What is it, Carm?" Laura runs down after her. Carmilla can't say anything, she just points at the body on the ground. Laura recognizes her. "That's the girl from my dreams.... that's-" "Ell." Carmilla whispers before falling into a pool of sobs. Laura envelopes Carm into a hug and allows her to cry on her shoulder. "What's going on?" Perry yells from the top of the pit. "We know who it is." Laura yells back, no response. "What do we do, Carms?" Carmilla pulls back and doesn't bother to wipe her eyes, so Laura does it for her and she smiles. "I... I don't know... Maybe... bury her? Or something?" Laura nods as she gets up and tugs Carmilla towards the exit. "Bury me? I doubt that's necessary." Carmilla freezes.