
"Okay, Ell, how do I look?" Carmilla turns around, Ell bites her lip. "Beautiful... As always.." Ell kisses Carm on the cheek slowly. "Ell, I told you, I'm with Laura." Carmilla pushes Ell onto her bed. "Yeah, yeah, I know.. But, it's just so tempting.. you're so tempting..." Carm pushes Ell away again and picks up her flowers. "I gotta go, loser." Ell sits up on her bed and looks at the gorgeous being in front of her. "What's the occasion for such fine leather pants?" Carmilla laughs and "fixes" her already perfect hair in the mirror. "It's always an occasion for leather pants, but since you asked, it's Laura and I's one month anniversary." Ell groans. "What?" "It's always Laura this, Laura that." Carm rolls her eyes. "She's my girlfriend, Ell." "She doesn't deserve such a beautiful entity such as yourself." "Get over it, Ell. She's amazing." "Does she love you?" Carmilla hesitates. Does Laura love her? She's never said it before. Carmilla only admitted it to herself last week so she figures she just hasn't admitted it yet. "O-of course she does." Ell gets up and pulls some of Carmilla's hair behind her shoulders. "You're not so sure, are you?" Carmilla rejects her once again and opens the door. "Bye, Ell, I'll see you later.. More likely, tomorrow."
-
She knocks on the door of her own dorm room. Of course Laura would make her wait, she's such a dork. Even Carmilla knows, Laura has been ready for at least a half hour. The door swings open and Laura jumps out, excited. "Happy anniversary, cupcake." She says as she hands Laura a bouquet of flowers. Carmilla finally has a chance to look down and see Laura's sundress. "Wow... You look..." Laura blushes and gets on her tippy toes to kiss Carmilla's cheek. "Where are we going, Carms?" Laura asks, grabbing Carm's hand as they walk outside. "We are heading to the Schicksal, otherwise known as [in English] Destiny." Laura laughs. "Schicksal?" Carmilla laughs along with her and nods. "Is it nice?" "Well, I personally made sure it was the fanciest restaurant I could find and the most expensive, so yeah it's nice." "CARM!" She laughs because she knows she wasn't supposed to do that. "I know, I know. But, you're worth it." Carmilla keeps walking but Laura stops. Carmilla turns around since their hands were interlocked and Laura wasn't moving. "What's up, Laur?" Laura just stares at her. "Are you oka-" Laura grabs her by the back of her neck and pulls her down, capturing her lips. At first Carmilla freezes but then melts into it. After a few seconds, Laura pulls away and Carmilla's eyes are still closed, she blushes at that. "What was that for?" Carmilla asks, breathless. "For being your perfect self." Laura begins to skip ahead of her. "I love you." Laura turns around, "what?" She clearly did not hear what she just said. "Haha, nothing, creampuff." Laura nods and continues to skip. Carmilla trudges behind, afraid she might slip again.
-
"Geez, you weren't kidding when you said this place was expensive. Like seriously, 13 bucks for strudel?" Carmilla shakes her head as she smirks. "Don't worry about it, it's on me." "No way, Carm! I am not letting you pay for our anniversary dinner!" Carmilla laughs a little bit, "call me old fashioned." Laura sighs and rolls her eyes. Laura's phone buzzes. "Oh shit." She says as her eyes trail the screen. "What is it?" Carmilla asks. "It's Danny, she says that my professor isn't happy with my test grade and if I don't go now, I'll fail." Carmilla takes this all in slowly. "Okay.... You should... Go then." She tries to hide her sadness. "Are you sure?" "Yeah. I only threw this together last minute, it's fine." Carmilla had spent two weeks trying to get a reservation. "Okay, thank you so much, babes. I'm so sorry, I'll make it up to you!" She kisses her chastely and walked out. Carmilla takes out her phone, she hesitates before typing. 'Hey, wanna come to the Schicksal?' Immediately, Ell replies with 'I thought you'd never ask ;)'