
"Wait.. Mir, where are we?" Ell asks softly. Carmilla licks her lips and turns around. "I know this may sound a bit odd but..." "What are you wearing?" Ell touches her shirt and Carm intakes a short breath. "You're in the 20th century... 2015 to be exact...." Carmilla decided to rip off the bandaid. "What are you talking about? It's the 1800s, Mir!" Carmilla sighs and puts a hand on Ell's shoulder. She looks into her eyes for about 3 minutes. Laura is raging with jealousy but chooses to keep that to herself. "Seduction eyes." Laura turns around and gives LaFontaine a look but they shrug. "Ca-Carmilla? That's an erie thing to call yourself, Mircalla. But I will call you that if you so wish." Carmilla nods and helps her up. Ell grabs Carmilla's hand and tugs her up to the top. "Carm-" Before Laura can say anything, they're gone. "Uh.. Laur, you wanna get some coffee with me and Perr?" Laura is so confused, she can't say no.
-
"Who was that?" Perry asks quietly. Laura takes a sip of her hazelnut coffee, "that was Ell... Carmilla's somewhat ex." "No wonder she was calling her Mircalla!" LaFontaine laughs. "She did? I was too busy watching her caress her shoulder and hold her hand and gaze lovingly into her eyes." LaFontaine and Perry begin to get worried about Laura's anger. "Hey Laur, you wanna go bowling or something? Ya know, I hear they got karaoke as well so if you-" "LaF, I appreciate the effort but I just want to go to my dorm room." Laura slams her coffee on the table and gets up. Before leaving, she smacks 3 dollars onto the table, "my cut." She runs outside into the chilly Styrian winter. Laura pulls out her cellphone to see if there are any messages from Carm, NOTHING. "It's like she's TRYING to make me jealous." She begins to sprint towards the dorm. She practically knocks the door down. "CARMILLA KARNSTEIN!" Carmilla looks up at her girlfriend. "What? What's wrong, honey?" She brushes some hair out of Laura's face but Laura swats it away. "Where's Ell?" Carmilla hands her a piece of paper. "In her dorm, I brought her to the housing people and now she has her own one. She's a student here at Silas, a journalism major actually. You two would get along." Laura's rage intensifies. Why is she so much like her? "Wait a minute," Carmilla begins to laugh, "you're not... jealous.. are you?" Carm takes a step forward and Laura takes a step back. "I'm not jealous, I'm territorial. Jealous is when you want something that isn't yours, territorial is when you are protecting what is." Carm tries to stop herself from laughing. "What?!" "You're just so cute." "Oh..." She calms down a bit as Carmilla sits down again, opening her arms up wide. Laura rolls her eyes and falls into them, contently sighing. "I.." "I know." Carmilla kisses the crown of Laura's head.
-
"So, I've been dying to know for about 2 centuries what my mother said to you." Ell is confused by this statement. "Well, I wasn't actually dying, I just wanted to know." Ell nods, now understanding. "She never said anything, she just held a knife to my back so I would be awful to you. I believed she was evil for doing that and I'm so sorry." Ell grabs Carmilla's hand but this time Carm pulls away. "So.. she never told you?" Ell rolls her eyes, "of course, she told me. I just don't care!" Carm laughs at this and gives Ell a side hug. "So you don't think I'm a monster?" "A monster? That's ridiculous." Ell stops walking. "What's wrong?" Carmilla asks. Ell pulls her back in one single tug and goes in for a kiss. Carmilla is phased at first and leans in but then pushes her away abruptly. "WOAH WOAH WOAH! WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!" Carmilla yells. "I'm confused.. We used to kiss all of the time.." Carmilla sighs. "I'm dating... Courting someone else." Ell raises an eyebrow. "Who?" "Do you remember the short, blonde haired girl who I found you in the pit with?" Ell nods. "That's her. Laura Hollis... I've known her only a couple of months now, but it feels like years... decades even.." Carmilla says each word with obvious love in her voice and eyes. "Do you love her?" Carmilla hesitates but then smiles. "Yeah... Yeah, I do... I love her..."