
"Thanks for coming." Carmilla said as Ell sat down across from her. "No problem, Laura shouldn't have ditched you." Carmilla sighs exasperatedly. "She didn't ditch me, she had important things to do." "More important than your anniversary?" Carmilla looks down at her hands. The waiter comes over to the table. "Karnstein? Table of two? I hear it's your anniversary?" "Actually -" Ell cuts her off and quickly grabs her hand. "Yes, 143 years to be exact." The waiter laughs. "Oh well congratulations! I'm surprised you're not married yet!" Ell smiles at him. "So what can I get you?" -Laura walks through the pouring rain, absolutely freezing. She hopes she can get to the restaurant soon. She had just finished her assignment and hoped Carmilla was still there. "Oh thank god." She sees the restaurant ahead, she sees Carmilla and smiles, picking up a hand to wave but stops when she sees Ell. Ell holding hands with Carmilla. Ell laughing with Carmilla. Carmilla leaning in like she does when she laughs really hard. Ell brushing some hair out of Carmilla's face. Ell gently running her fingers along Carmilla's arm. Laura is beyond pissed. She trudges toward an unknown dorm building, not minding the earth shattering thunder behind her. Normally she would be scared but she was way too angry to care. She bangs on the door that has blasting music coming from behind it. The door swings open and the music is even louder now. "Laura? What are you doing out in the rain?! Get in here!" Kirsch pulls Laura into the Zeta house. He looks at her with a concerned face. "Come on, lets find you some warm clothes." He grabs her hand and walks with her upstairs. There is a long hallway with a bunch of doors, Kirsch walks over to one of them, putting a key in and opening it. He begins digging through his dresser for some clothes that Laura could wear. "Here, these should be good." He throws her a t-shirt and sweatpants. "I'll wait in the bathroom while you change." "Why?" Kirsch turns and gives Laura a VERY confused look. "Laura, are you okay?" She walks over to him and places a hand on his cheek. "Why don't you come back to my dorm with me." Kirsch awkwardly laughs but walks backward a little bit. "Laur, what happened? You know you can tell me." This just makes Laura angrier. "Kirsch, I just want a fucking drink, okay?" "Holy shit, this is serious. You just cursed." Laura basically gives Kirsch a death glare. "Okay! I'll go get you a beer but you change before I get back." He leaves the room, shutting the door behind him. As soon as the door is shut, Laura bursts into tears. Kirsch walks back in with a beer in his hand. "Oh no, come on, Laura." He drops the beer and sits on the bed next to her, wrapping her up in his arms. She begins to cry into his shoulder. "Laura. What happened?" she looks back up at him. "It's Carm and I's anniversary and I think... I think she might be.... cheating on me." Kirsch becomes enraged. "NOBODY CHEATS ON MY LAURA! NOT EVEN CARMSEXY!" Laura lets out a melancholy laugh. "No really, I will do something. I don't know what because I can't hit a girl, Zeta-bro code," he beats his chest with one fist, "but I will do something!" Danny walks in with a probably drunk girl. "Oh no it's totally cool, he said I could use his room whenever I want." "No I didn't." Danny turns around quickly to make a comeback but sees Laura. She shuts the door on the drunk girl and locks it. "What did you do, Kirsch?" She grabs him by the collar of his shirt. "He didn't do anything... He's actually been really sweet and considerate." "Oh..." She drops Kirsch and he resumes his previous position with his arm over Laura. "Laura, what's going on?" "She thinks Carmsexy is cheating on her and it's their anniversary." Danny gets immediately enraged. "WITH THAT 19th CENTURY BITCH I SAW HER WITH?!" Laura nods and huddles closer into Kirsch's comforting chest, he allows it. "Don't worry, Danny and I got this." Laura's phone vibrates, Danny grabs it before Laura can even reach for it. "It says 'Where are you?! It's 1 AM!' from Carmilla." Kirsch slightly pulls her in closer, she gladly accepts. Danny texts back furiously. "What are you doing?!" Laura asks frantically. "Giving her a piece of my mind." Laura is freaking out now, grabbing for the phone, Danny is very good at keeping it away from her. "DANNY WHAT DID YOU SAY?!" The phone vibrates once again. "Oh..." "What? What is it?" Danny feigns a smile. "Let's go get drunk, shall we?" Kirsch gives her a questioning look, she shows him the text and he nods. "Shots, eh?" Laura reluctantly nods... She did come here to drink...