
Being at home was always fun for Madilyn, especially when she is with her boyfriend, Nick. They were always together. 'Inseparable' as Madilyn's mother, Anne, called them. The two of them started going out around 9th grade and ever since then they've been together. Now they are nearing grade 12 and are already planning their lives together.
Madilyn lives with her mother in Oklahoma. They own a house in the country. She lived with her mom ever since her drunk of a father left them. She never seen him since.
Nick lives in the city of the town they live in. He lives not that far away from the highschool. He is a football player and is expected to excel in all his classes. His father taught him how to treat a woman right and his mother was loving and caring like all parents should be.
Today Madilyn decided she was going to try and tell Nick she had a life threatening heart disease. She already had many tests done to her and all the results were the same. No matter how many times the tests were done she always came put positive.
Nick and Madilyn were lying on the couch cuddling together. Madilyn was reading while Nick was scrolling through channels watching different TV shows. Nick started to get hungry and decided to get up.
I better tell him now, She thought to herself. I need to. Its up to me to tell him.
"Nick, baby?" She catches his attention making him turn around. He was at the door way to the kitchen from the living room.
"Yeah?" He asks her with his cute sexy tired voice indicating he would probably fall asleep on the couch with her.
"I just wanted to tell you... That.." She pausing and thought, now Madilyn! Here is your chance. "I love you!"
"I love you too, beautiful." He walked over and lifted her chin up so her face was to him and he kissed her sweetly. "I'll be right back. I'm going to make us some popcorn."
"Okay." She sighed. She needed to tell him but how was she going to? It was hard enough. He was the love of her life. How do you tell your soon to be forever love, that your dying? You can't. Because they'll be heartbroken no matter what is said., and nothing would be the same.
When he came back she sat up as he sat down and shared the popcorn with her. It was salty enough and sweet enough just the way she liked it. Nick knew everything she liked.
Nick looked at her knowing something was wrong. He could feel it in the thickness of the air around them. He wanted to ask, but knew it was eating her up and she wouldn't tell him. She would be stubborn as always and not say a word so he bit his tongue back and didn't say anything no matter how bad he wanted to.
He watched her as she ate some popcorn and read one of her favorite books, Black Bird By Jennifer Lauk. He knew she liked the book because this was at least her tenth time rereading this small series. It was about an little girl whose mother dies and a lot of bad things happen to her that has to do with her step mother.
"How is the book, baby?" He asked her.
"It's okay, Nick, I just wished this stepmother wasn't so mean. Why would you leave a little girl to live on her own? And then send her alone on a bus to live with her grandparents? This is just horrible." She smiled slightly and went back to reading. Nick loved the way she always got into the books. She always became part of them. He loved how she acted as though every word was true in every book.
Nick helped finish off the popcorn and set the white bowl onto the coffee table before scooting closer to Madilyn and cuddling her close as she read again.
This is one of my favorite times of day, when I have my girl by my side. Nick sighed happily as she laid her head down on his chest.
So what does everyone think about the Prologue?? Is it good? Is it bad? No it is not most likely gonna be in third person. Probably going to be in two povs. His and hers. Idk yet but what's everyone's thoughts so far?? Comment below!! :)~Elana Nicole