
"Sky, wait for me." Amber Harrington yelled over the crowd of high schoolers. Sky stopped and waited for her best freind. "Amber, I'm going to be late again. Why can't I go one day without you making me late?" Sky said rushing down the down the hallway. Amber started running so she could keep up with sky. "I'm sorry, but I just found out that Jeffrey Warner has a crush on me. What should I do?" Sky stopped and turned around, then said," Amber, he is a smart funny boy, and we both know you have a huge crush on him,so you should ask him out or wait for him to ask you out." "Sky your amazing. See you in math." Amber said as she entered her 3rd period class. Sky started to run again, but as her class came into site a door flung open and hit sky right in the face. A boy with black hair stepped out of the room looking very confused about what had hit the door. After a few seconds, he saw sky passed out behind the door. He ran to his teacher and told her about sky, and then took sky to the nurse. Sky opened her eyes and looked around. She wasn't in the hallway anymore, she was in the nurses office laying in a bed. "She is awake now." Said the boy with black hair. He was sitting beside the bed looking at her as if hypnotized. The nurse walked in and looked at Sky. "Are you feeling better Ms.Mystery? Do you feel weak dizzy or are you seeing double?" The nurse asked as she examing her papers. "Ummm... I feel fine.I just have a headache. What happened?" Sky said looking at the boy. "I hit you in the face with a door and you sorta passed out." The boy said weaklySky started to worry. "How long have I been out?" Sky said stunned "Four hours. School is over and if you think you are alright you may leave." Said the nurseSky started getting out of the make shift bed. The boy stood and asked,"Can I walk you home? I understand if you don't want me to since I'm a Wierdo who hit you in the face with a door." Sky looked at him and then said," yes. I would love it if you walk me home." "Ok,let me get your bag for you."he said stunned As sky and the boy walked outside, sky said," I'm sky mystery and I'm glad you are walking me home."The boy smiled a goofy smile and said," I'm Zack blank.Sorry about hitting you. Are you ok?" Sky looked at the boy, then looked at her bag in his hand. After a moment she said,"Your Zack blank? Aren't you a gifted kid?" Zack stared to blush," To anwser your first question, yes I am Zack blank. To anwser your second question, yes I am as you say a super smart gifted kid." Sky wanted to run as far away as possible. She, Sky mystery, was getting walked home by one of the smartest kids in school. Zack stopped and looked at Sky, then said," Are you ok? You look like your going to faint." " yeah I'm fine. I'm just surprised a cute, smart guy would even walk me home." Sky said Zacks face was as red as it could get and all he could ask was, " you think I'm cute? "Sky looked at him and said," yes, I do think you are very cute and I'm glad you are walking me home." Zack started to walk slowly beside sky. They walked past the park and the high school. Then suddenly Zack asked, " Do you want to go the park and sit near the river?" Sky started to blush and then said, " I would love to do that."