
Chapter  1

Tera Dedaar..

He kept on staring at infinity...was this true or was this a
dream just like the other ones. But then he saw her again and he was sure it was his Aaliya ...He finally found her. One year and several cities , and finally his search ended today. He closed his eyes and remembered the last day he had met her a year back...it was a dark day in his life ...in her life.

A year back...

They had reached the hotel and his mom and entire family
were waiting for him to tell his final TALAQ ...he vividly remembered moving towards her and just taking her to a secluded room. Their last lonely night in the jungle and her words from his love notes had compelled him to make this as private as possible. He still hated her, but it hurt him too...to see her pain. Behind this stone faced Zain...still buried was a lovable hubby who had adored his wife. Inside the room, he closed the door and ...

Aaliya had fainted ...and all he had remembered was waiting
in his room when Rehan had walked in with the tape. By the time he had heard the truth, it was too late. He had called her ...begged her...but she had just walked away...sealing his fate forever. It was an end of the road for her with him , he still felt the pain of not able to find her next to him every morning.
His heart still murmured her name...why did she leave him...why she had not heard his pleas...A why which had no answers ...

Zain Abdullah was a changed man, and just about no one knew
the fears and shadows of grief that had been following him for the past year. A soulless person ...who lived only to search for his love ...to seek his answers ...to ask for one smile form his Mamu ki Bhanji...that
could get him back to life.

But today...he felt Allah was finally having some mercy on him...He saw her ...near the window ...but this was Rajasthan ...and a SCHOOL.

What was Aaliya doing here... Will she forgive me ...leave apart Forgiving will she even look at me? His heart was fluttering, his face was sweating and his eyes were crying...He will find out...This time he won't leave her ...This time he will make things go correct... He will just listen to his heart...and only his heart ...he assured himself ...

He remembered Osmans words
Agar khud pe yakken hai toh
...takdeer usko tumhare paas zaroor le aayegi...
Zindagi ek din bahe failaake tumhe
...apne sarghoshi mai zaroor chupayegi...

He took a deep breath and walked towards the school entrance...



Sim