
???'s POV
No matter where I am, the monster's there. Whether it's the bar, grocery store, or, well, anywhere. A young woman with such an appearance could scare a grown man. And boy, whenever she smirks, her perfectly white teeth show as if she were a tiger baring it's teeth. She almost never smiles, and she always carries some kind of weapon as if she was prepared to kill someone in self-defense. No matter how much I plead, she won't leave and never will. But, the most she shows up is in the mirror. Because whenever I look down or up or wherever there is some kind of objects that can cast a reflection, she stares straight at me copying every little thing I do. She's truly terrifying... but that scary monster... She's still human. She still feels emotions. She still contains the littlest bit of sanity. She just doesn't act normal, she's just a major introvert, and can have crazy ideas that scare people. She's like me... No, it's more than that. She IS me.
----------------------
I looked up at the dark, stormy sky and sighed. It was just like my life: dark and loud with some bright surprises of light. Well, that started for me when I was a few months away from turning sixteen. My phone started ringing. I looked at it and sighed when it said devil woman, aka my step mom. I took the call reluctantly.
"What?" I snapped.     "I need you to run an errand for me." she snapped back. Why do I have to run YOUR fucking errands?
"Lazy ass..."
"What was that?"     "In all politeness, I will repeat it for you louder. YOU ARE A LAZY ASS." I had a sarcastic and sadistic way of replying to jack asses, idiots, and plain annoying people in general. I could practically feel her glare over the phone.
"Excuse me-"
"Goodbye now!" I hung up and shoved my phone into my pockets. "Stupid woman..." I mumbled walking down the sidewalk towards a bar called Le Renard Noir.
"Welcome!" said a man with a beard and a pair of glasses behind the counter as I walked in. I ordered five cans of beer and sat down, my face shielded by my hood and glasses. The man dropped off my beers and I guzzled two I cans of beer in three minutes. God... I'm as good as dead... My eyesight's fuzzy... I ordered so many servings of vodka and alcohol people stared at me. But they didn't say anything. I got up and stumbled, left some cash on the counter, and left. I struggled to drive all the way to my apartment and sighed. All of the sudden, my phone rang again. I ignored it and opened the door to my apartment. Home.... No.. This place will never be a home. The place was a mess, and broken glass was everywhere reminding me of the last time my step mom was there. I am never inviting her over again... Stumbling, I locked the door and collapsed on my bed passing out.
-----------------------
Hiro's POV
I closed the door and looked to see if anybody was still there. Shrugging, I sat down at the counter and ordered a bottle of water from Boss draining it in thirty seconds. Riki strode in already in his mission clothes, and Kenshi came in shouting, "HELLO!" while holding Takkun by the neck in his right arm. Takkun grimaced and rolled his eyes while choking. They sat down, and a few minutes later, Taiga, Hyosuke, and surprisingly Yuki and Tatsuro came. It was a very important mission tonight, for our lives were on the life on it. We were about to face possibly the hardest rival we would meet. We met around a table, flipped the open sign so it said closed, and started our meeting.
"You guys get it." said Riki after saying a couple things. "We discussed about this for over a month." He was the most serious about the mission. I'd never seen him train so hard. It made me sad; the thought that we might fail. This a was a mafia unit. A BIG one. If we didn't succeed, we wouldn't live. All of us were already in mission clothes, so we left including Boss to a mission that was about to change us forever.