
----------------------
???'s POV
I woke to the sound of my phone ringing. Ugh.. Head's pounding... Feel like throwing up... My step mom called me for about the fourty-fifth time, so I picked up the phone reluctantly.      "What?" I asked tiredly.
"I need you to come over here now! It is an emergency! Change first!" she yelled.     "Okay, now first of all, I was out drinking all night, and if it's an emergency, shouldn't I be heading there now instead of changing?" Man, I really love pissing people off.
"JUST HURRY UP!" she screeched. "If you come, I will give you something good!" Good? That sounds suspicious... Oh well, Yolo! I'll hurry I guess. I opened my closet with a bang and stared at my black clothes. I brushed my fingers against my black pants and blinked. I wonder why she wants me. Must be urgent considering the fact she hates me. I smiled bitterly and left on my motorcycle to her place.
----------------------
When I finally arrived in front of the place one hour later, I examined the huge place. It stretched on and on, and it was at least six stories high. If not, higher! Sighing, I walked in, talked to security, walked up the stairs, and finally opened the door to her room. Boy, was it a surprise! No one could hold a candle to it! So luxurious... It had blue curtains that were pushed to the sides, so that the scenery around showed, the walls were the color of white with fancy borders, and a diamond chandelier hung from the ceiling that was designed with patterns so delicately drawn and painted. Damn... "So this is your place? More like a small ballroom fit for a palace." I scoffed. Even the floors were neatly designed and tiled so every one of them lined up. A piano sat on a stage at the back corner of the room lonely in the light. It basically is a ballroom....
"Don't you like it?" she asked. "Much better than that dinky apartment you have." I narrowed my eyes and her rude insult.
"That's is the only thing I can afford since I still have to pay off my college tuition." I growled. "So what did you need me for?"
"I need you to help me deal with some people. Your job is to keep them from getting what they want." she replied. I shook my head stubbornly.  "I'll pay you... Ten grand." ?! She serious?! This is my chance to finally be normal and not poor! I nodded eagerly, and she smiled. But then, the door bust down, and a group of men came through the door.
"Oi. We're here." said the man in the front intensely. We stared at each other for a couple of seconds. His sharp, blue silver eyes cutting right into me. Who is this man? Who are these men?