
I have found with stories involving multitudes of characters that keeping them straight can be a bit of a nightmare. Novels like those by Rick Riordan have their own guidebooks, Michael Grant's GONE series have an index in the back and a map in the front as well as a wikipedia page, and some even have novellas to delve deeper into backstories including diaries, reports, pictures, and so on.
With multiple characters, I believe that before my series can advance, people need to be able to understand just who is  who and why. They also need ways to tell them apart. And so, I introduce the ongoing guidebook to the Simply Talented world, and hope you thoroughly enjoy it.
Oh, and I would also like to note that I have also begun with the history of the Talented Race, extending as far back as before time was recorded. I hope you do enjoy the work I have put into truly developing and explaining the world around Simple Talents... I know that I have.

But at any rate, below I would like to explain to you quickly the system for division of this set of works.
1. Each section will begin with the title of the section then the title of the piece
ex. Title of Section (History): Title of piece (Legend)
Up until a section change, there will be no ':' in the title, this is how you can tell when a section changes from one to another.
2. The order will be as follows:
a) The Origin of Talents (History from before time began as well as the effects of it; this section will be focused on the Ultimates and the Ten Abominations as well as the Great Battle. It is written in story format)
b) Species and Races (Different Talent descriptions and histories from races such as the Kripte to mutants like levitation. This section will be written in story and document format.)
c) The Labs (This will be a history of how the labs were created as well as projects they have uptaken and other dirty secrets. It will be written in story, diary, documents, and labs.)
d) People (this will be a section devoted to characters. This will include physical/emotional descriptions, tell-tale markers to identify the character, funny secrets such as dislikes and pet peeves, and other detailed information on their past, present, and even future!)
e) Places (this will be a section devoted to places characters visit and/or talk about to give you more information in general as to help complete the picture)
