
Mia's P.O.V
I was over at gilinsky's like every other weekend, we where just laying there watching some movies it was always Sunday movie night we where just waiting for the other guys Johnson, sammy,kenny, and nate we all have been best friends since 3 grade even though the jacks already knew each other. Jacks phone buzzed.
"who is it?"I asked I was always so nosey that's what I didn't like about my self even if gilinsky says I am not I know I am.
"just Jack, him and the boys can't come no more" he said kinda of upset.
"I knew it he never comes you should know that by now gilinsky"
"shut up Mia I know and it all my fault for wasting are time waiting for him and the guys" he said I felt bad but I actually always love hanging out with him due to me Being a only child.
"gilinsky don't say that I love hanging out with you even if it's just at the park, well I think I got to go its really late and my mom must be waiting for me to get home" I said as I walked out the door I tried to ovoid his mom, good thing is I did it because she wasn't here.I got home my mom wasn't here either she probably went to work she always works so late but I also miss her I never spend a day with her not even Mothers Day or her birthday nor mine. I went straight up to my room I was tired. I took a shower and then made sure my eye liner was completely gone than I fell asleep.
~the next day~
It was early in the morning I had to get up and get ready for school. Just when I was about to get ready my phone buzzed it was a message from Jack.
Gilinsky:MIA get your ass out here, we need to go for breakfast so you better get your ass up from your bed and get ready.
Me:jack I just need to finish up doing my makeup.
Gilinsky: you where makeup?!
Me:jack I only where mascara and eyeliner.
Gilinsky:okay cool now hurry up.
Me: why don't you just come up here? Eat anything you find in my fridge.
Gilinsky: Mia I always do that but you have no food today! Now hurry up!
Me: wait you already been inside? I am going I just need to get my back pack!
Gilinsky: yeah you should really close your back door. Okay I'll wait I guess!
Me: creepy but okay I'll close it next time!
Gilinsky: no because then I can't eat okay bye I see you coming down.
I go out side where Gilinsky was waiting for me we walked to school
~end of the school day~
Me Sammy and Kenny,gilinsky walked home. We dropped of gilinsky and Sammy now it was only me and Kenny we where going to go to the beach like every Monday after school but right when we walked In my house........
~~~~~~~~I know I know it's bad but I try Any ways like please it will make my day