
"I am 20 years old! I need my own place." I said, getting frustrated. "WHY? SO YOU CAN DRAG IN EVERY FAG WITH MAKEUP ON YOU FIND AT THESE 'CONCERTS?!" My Mother yelled at me. I rolled my eyes.
She has never approved of my type in music, men, or well.. Anything. "Whatever." I went to my room, slammed my door. Turned on BMTH as loud as it would go and started packing.
I had already gotten a flat in LA. Only about thirty minutes from here. I have to leave this place. I ain't allowed to do any bloody thing! My parents have ruled over my life for more than long enough.
I finally boxed everything up and it was about midnight. I knew they were asleep. I started packing things to the porch. I had my friend who has a truck, come over. He's going to help me move.
"Thank you so much Alex" I smiled at him, he picked up a few boxes and smiled. "No problem cutie." He's always called me that. I don't know why. We have never been romantic toward each other.
He is a natural flirt so it doesn't bug me. Plus, I think his husband would have an issue with that. I laughed to myself and finished packing the last of my boxed things to his truck and my car.
I left a note with my parents and grabbed my dog -a beautiful black and white husky named Lucy- and put her in my car. Alex followed me to my new flat which is only a few houses down from him and Jack.
Which is good, their like brothers to me. I finally got there, Jack was waiting for us. I laughed when I saw him standing in the lawn with his hand on his hip. Yeah there is no way that man is straight.
"Hey Jack!" I said with a smile as I got out and led Lucy to the flat, unlocking it and letting her run in. He said "Hey Sum Sum" I never got while he called me that but oh well. He hugged me as Alex walked up, carrying boxes.
Jack whistled, "Who is the sexy moving guy you got yourself here?" I laughed at him. Alex wiggled his eyebrows and went inside. "You guys are morons." I said with a laugh. They shrugged it off and went on with packing boxes.
***
About two a.m. we finally got everything unpacked, now all I needed was furniture."Thank you guys soooo much!" I said as I hugged them. They smiled and said their welcomes. Then they decided they should go home and get some rest.
I said goodbye and locked the door, then me and Lucy got in to the makeshift bed of blankets and fell asleep.
OK guys this is the first chapter of my story. Hope you like it. ~Liz