
"I had never been prepared to find out some kind of secret like this... Not even the strongest of men could get through this easily." -Dianne
~~~~~~~~~~
June 21st, 2015
"I found out who stole the chew toy," Dave shouted. We were just young little people playing our little game, living in our own bubbles that connected our lives together. We tried not to let the bubbles pop, but maybe they will. Just maybe...
I looked over at him with a look of excitement on my young, pale face. "Who? Who stole the chew toy?"
"Well, if you look at the toy, it has some slobber on it. Then, there are muddy dog prints around the toy and where it was before."
"So, was it-"
"Droog!"
We looked over at our Leonberger dog. He was a huge dog breed, and he was about three feet tall when he was on all-fours. He had been laying down with his head on the carpet. As soon as we looked at him, his head came up and his tail started to move back and forth slowly.
I stood up, giggling. "You are going to JAIL, Droog!"
"Calm down, Dianne," My brother pulled me over. "At least he returned it and didn't keep it all for himself. How about we go easy on him this time."
"I guess... Wait, should we give him a punishment still for taking it in the first place?"
Dave grinned. "Hmm... How about he works for US!"
"Yeah," I grinned wide, looking kinda stupid. "Give me a piggyback ride, Droog!"
I ran over to our huge dog, hopping onto his back. I was really small, and so was my brother. We both bot on his back. Droog just made a low whining sound, which he would do to say, "Hold on tight." Or at least we thought that's what he meant...
"Kids," Our mother called. Her voice was soft, but she was a straight-forward person. Her features were delicate, and she was beautiful. "Don't ride the dog."
"Yes, mommy," I said. I stepped off, and my brother followed... Except he rolled off.
My mother began to walk away. "Dinner will be ready soon, don't spoil your appetite on anything," She smiled at us sweetly, going back to the kitchen.
Dave looked at our mother curiously. "What are we having for dinner?"
"Well," She began. "We will be having something new. It will be frog legs and buttered biscuits." Sometimes, my mom would make Southern foods.
Dave scrunched up his nose. "Eww! Frog legs!?"
"They sound yummy," I smiled and looked at him.
"They probably are," Our mother said. "I can't wait to try them with you two!"
Dave and I were pretty different, but also, the same at the same time.
The rest of that day was quiet and relaxing. We rested our six-year-old minds. I had begun to think about my dad... The fight... Everything that had happened...
"Mommy... Is daddy ever coming back..?" I looked at her. We were watching a movie together. The name of the movie was Rusty. It was an older movie about a fighter... He never had a good career, then he trained and became one of the best fighters in the world.
"What was that, honey?" She looks over at me. Dave continues watching the movie.
I paused for a moment and looked down. "Nevermind..."
"Alright. If there's anything you have to say, I'm right here," She looks back at the T.V screen.
But oh, there was so much I had to say and ask... I wanted answers, but I had realized something...
When Dave and I grow up and become detectives, we could figure this all out by ourselves. We didn't need help from anybody.
Or so we thought.
~~~~~~~~~~Hey, everybody~! This is the beginning to my new story, as you can see. This book will probably be medium-long, but just be patient with update speeds. Plz I can't handle the pressure--But anyway, I hope you all end up liking it.~~~~~~~~~~