
My alrm went off  * Storie of my life I taker her home I'll drive all night to keep her worm in time*  I turned it off . Then went to the closet and chose my pink new york long sleave shirt and my grey swet pants and my pink vans with my hair in a brade. Then I grabbed my phone and my baby blue with silver spiks case and put it on my red Iphone. Then went down stairs my mom was down their she said ¨Rylie you need to eat.¨ I said ¨Mom no I am fine.¨ She said ¨have a seat.¨ So I did and before you know it my mom is shoveing food in my mouth and screaming swallow. Then I texted my bestfriend Jadelin.
Me:Jadelin i am comeing over
Jadelin: yeah okay meet me outside of my house I can drive us to school
Me: yess
Jadelin:see ya then
Me:yeah
Then I told my mom I was going to Jadelins house she is takeing us to school. Mom said ¨okay.¨ I said ¨bye love ya.¨ Mom said ¨bye love you to.¨"Then I walked out the door and walked to Jadelins house. I waited outside like she told me to. Then she came out in the shirt was blue and the slevs were black and their was a little pocket on the shirt that was black then  with skinny jeans with black combat boots. I said ¨look at you.¨She said ¨shut up and get in my car.¨ I laughed then she did. In the car I turned on the radio their was nothing on then I put in a One Direction CD then we sang a long to Night Changes we turned it up all the way and sang
*Going out tonight
Changes into something red
Hew mother dosn't like that kind of dress
Everything she never had she's showing off
Driving too fast
Moon is breaking through her hair
She said it was something that she won't forget
Having no regrets is all that she really wants
We're only getting older baby
And I've been thinking about it lately
Does it ever drive you crazy
Just how fast the night changes?
Everything that you've ever dreamed of
Disappearing when you wake up
But there's nothing to be afraid of
Even when the night changes
It will never change me and you
Chasing it tonight,
Doubts are running 'round her head
He's waiting, hides behind a cigarette
Heart is beating loud, she doesn't want it to stop
Moving too fast
Moon is lighting up her skin
She's falling, doesn't even know it yet
Having no regrets is all that she really wants
We're only getting older baby
And I've been thinking about it lately
Does it ever drive you crazy
Just how fast the night changes?