
We were laughing in the cafeteria at the mall when suddenly Joshua wet his pants. My eyes widen as Kayla and I stare at a now bright red Joshua, but Rose doesn't bat an eyelash, just continues to clack away at her phone, a smile creeping onto her face. Kayla's eyebrows scrunch up and she flips the phone out of Rose's hands.
"Hullooo, earth to Rose. How about you talk to us for once?" Kayla says to her, annoyance clear in her voice. "While you were on your phone speaking to unknown strangers on the internet, you missed the part when Josh pissed his pants." I chuckle when Joshua's face flushes bright red again.
Rose glares at the two of us before saying, "Russians have a weird thing for onions." Confused looks spread across Kayla's and Joshua's faces before Kayla rolls her eyes.
"Who even cares? Blurting out that kind of stuff is not what I mean by participating in our conversations."
"Well, our understandings of conversations must be quite different. You talk to people face to face. I talk to them online," Rose says to Kayla, an icy edge in her voice that Kayla picked up on. Kayla sneers at her sister and I decide to interrupt their little quarrel.
"Anyway... you guys want to continue hanging around or do you want to go to the movies now?"
"PITCH PERFECT 2!!!" Kayla, Rose, and Joshua all squeal at the same time. We turn to look at Joshua who is looking down at his tray, red creeping up his neck once again.
"Okay, sure, let's go watch that. I've been secretly fangirling over it, too," I blurt out. "Did I say that out loud?" My friends grin like the cheshire cats they are and nod at me, then simultaneously turn and power walk out of the cafeteria, leaving me to clean up their mess -  and boy, did they make a mess. After I had thrown all of their garbage into the trash bin, I made my way into the movie theatres.
It was the fifteenth of May, the day Pitch Perfect 2 comes out, and, as luck would have it, the time my friends bought tickets to see it was now sold out. They didn't get me a ticket either. "Damn them, those jerks." I mutter under my breath. Since I can't watch the movie, I go outside and drove my stolen motorcycle home.
I make sure to make a lot of noise with my motorcycle as I park it in our driveway to give my mom a heads up that I'd be walking in soon. "Where the hell were you, boy?!" my mother screams at me as soon as I step on our doormat.
"I told you mom, I was hanging out with friends. Jesus, just let me do teenage stuff, I'm a frickin teenager for God's sake."
My older sister walked into the kitchen at that moment and gave me one of her weird I-can-see-into-your-freaking-soul looks. I shiver. Dang, she gives me the creeps. "I gave birth to you and you speak to me that way?! Deanna never speaks to me like that! Learn from your sister, Goddammit!" my mother continues to spaz out.
"Deanna is frickin' mute, she couldn't talk to you if she wanted to," I sassily reply. Deanna looks up at our mom and gives her a look too, but this one seems to say something more like "I have absolutely no interest in pleasing you" which makes me smile at her. Good to know I'm not the only one who thinks our mom is a bit of a nut-case. Sick of my mother's tantrum, I climb up to my room and slam the door just to spite her. I wait a couple of hours, wanting to make sure my sister and my mother are both asleep, before I open my window as quietly as I can and climb out into the night.