
So I have been dating Lucas for a little over 2 years. (AN this makes riley 15 and Lucas 16) Missy and Ethan moved away about a week after Ethan came.They are coming back to my school. Me and Lucas read this on Instagram. Lucas seemed to thence  up a little at this news. *flash back*I remember walking into class with Lucas and Ethan and Lucas seemed to have a stair off. Ethan has the same deep deep eyes as Lucas except instead of a dark green piercing color he had a dark blue kind of color to them.*End of Flash back*I looked up at Lucas and he smiled I kissed him. We were in my room at the time he had spent the night. I got up grabbed my clothes and went to the bathroom to get ready. As I finished putting on my make up Lucas knocked on the door. "Come in." I said putting in some mascara. He came in and said "you want to go get breakfast at IHOP." "Sure" I was making eye contact with him through his reflection. When I finished I put my make up in my bag and put it in my backpack. We went to his car since he just got his drivers license. After we got to IHOP they served us pretty fast. When we got to school still every body stares when we come in. Lucas put his arm around my waist. He was so much taller than me it was unbelievable. Our lockers were right next to each other's again. We had the same schedule except for 7th. But he is suppose to get a transfer into my class soon. We went to first hour and did nothing again. I never learn anything any more. I already know everything. When we went into our second hour class we saw Ethan and Missy making out against the white board. When they pulled away Ethan had Lucas had another little stair off. I put my arm around him and he didn't stop. He usually always looked down and kissed me when I did this. He didn't though. When it was over he looked down at me and finally kissed me just a small peck though. I sat down and he sat down right beside me. I didn't like the way Missy was staring at me. *flash forward it is the end of school.*After school, me and Lucas were alone. "Lucas in second hour what was that littlest stair off thing with Ethan?" I asked. I needed to know I let the one in 7th grade go by but now they had the stair off longer. "Riley I will tell you when I'm ready." Lucas said. "No I need to know. It scares me." He sighed and said "I don't think I am ready to explain and I don't think you are ready to listen." He said. "Lucas please." I said nearly crying. He saw what was about to happen and said "Fine." AN Hey guys. So this is the sequel to My Forever. Tell me what you think. I have to, no joke, have to give livelovefangurl a shout out because she gave me the idea of Ethan and all of it in my next chapter some stuff will start to make sense. Stay tuned for more.
Editors (THATS ME!!! LIVELOVEFANGURL!!!!) Note: Please know that Crazygirl wanted my name on the cover but I refused since this was her book. If she does give many shout puts to me its because I did help some but most of this is her creativity and it's amazing. If you do follow me I will follow you back and please check out my book I am writing The Monster Inside.
Love,livelovefangurl