
Two days later
Noble had just woken up, he hadn't left his room in the past two days. His mother brought him food and new bandages but other than that he just slept. Arden came in once to 'make sure he hadn't died', but he only argued with his brother. Arden had said Ciella was fine and he shouldn't be worried but he was, why?
Noble got up and left his room, trudging down stairs. His leg had healed quicker than he thought and felt much better. Silva was cooking their dinner and the small cottage smelled wonderful. The sunset cast and orange glow about the room. Arden was sitting in front of the fireplace toying with a stick. Noble walked over to him.
"Go away Noble." Arden continued to play with the stick.
"Am I not allowed to walk in my own house? I've been in my room for the past two days." Nobel watched him curiously.
"No you're not. I got in big trouble 'cause of you." Arden glared at the stick.
"You didn't heed my warnings, neither of you did."
Arden snapped the stick in half, glaring at Noble.
"Oh hush up, you left us alone and disappeared." Arden was shooting daggers at Noble.
"Actually I left you with Ciella, who YOU were supposed to watch out for." Noble glared back, tensing up.
"I was supposed to watch out for her? She shouldn't have come but I guess you were too stupid to realize that! She could have died!" Arden stood up, infuriated.
"Well in case you haven't noticed, I didn't get out unscathed either, you just stood there the whole time like a lost dog!"Noble shouted, his face twisted in anger
"STOP!" Silva had a broom and began to beat the boys with it. The cowered and fell to the ground, trying to get away.
"Mom!" They yelled in unison. She stopped beating them.
"Quit your bickering, if ya can't stand each other don't stand in the same room. And you know what, it's both of yer faults. Hush up and be nice." Silva turned and went back to cooking. Arden sat back down and Noble went to the front door.
He went out onto their porch, he glanced around and saw an awkward little man running towards him. As he got closer he could see he was covered in sweat, his face fearful. He came to a stop in front of Noble. He was panting heavily, trying to catch his breath.
"They're coming, you must warn them, they'll destroy everything." the man wheezed. Noble became afraid.
"What are you talking about?." He bent down to the mans level.
"The kings knights, they'll be here any minute now. They think the prophesied ones are in this village and they will burn it down until they find them. you... must warn... the people..." his eyes rolled back into his head and he fell to the ground, dead.
Noble froze, confused. He ran back inside the house.
"Mom! That man, he said that knights are coming and they will burn this village down, something about a prophecy." Noble yelled this as his mother, she turned to look at him.
"Gather Your siblings and father we need to talk, quickly. Go!" Silva went to find Arden and Noble grabbed Ciella, dragging her from her room. He dragged her to where the rest of his family was and threw her on the couch.
"Talk." Noble commanded. His parents looked at each other, Maximillan spoke up.
"As you know, we are not you're real parents. This all has to do with them. Zara and Finnick Hailsgrave. They were the ones who set the Raven kings plans back, they tried to kill him, but died in the process. You're parents left you with us shortly after Ciella was born and they died a few months later.