
"But there was a prophecy, from some gypsy in the mountains. It tells of your parents, the two fated doves, and it says three come from them, their children. It also says you can kill the Raven king. When he heard of the prophecy he made it his quest to find and kill you before you came to any power. We swore we wouldn't tell you this until the time came. You three need to leave now, we can cover for you as long as we can. Your parents belonged to a group, the resistance, you need to find them. I'll tell you more but first, prepare for travel and meet me out back, I'll get the horses." He got up and went out back.
Noble got up and ran upstairs to his room. He quickly pulled on his boots and strapped his sword to his back. He strapped leather braces to his forearms and placed his hat on his head. He pulled on his cloak and after placing weapons throughout his attire he ran back downstairs where his mother was waiting with packs of food and water. He walked up to her and grabbed a pack.
"Thanks mom." he kissed her on the cheek and she embraced him in a tight hug.
"Keep them safe Noble, I know you will." she started to tear up but she let him go.
"I will do my best, but be safe mother." Noble took one last look at her and headed out back to where his father was waiting. He wouldn't have admitted it, but he was scared. He knew his parents weren't coming with them. He didn't know where he was going next, or if he would even live through the night. Noble tied his pack to his horse and mounted. They waited for the others.
Arden couldn't believe what he just heard. It didn't make sense. What would happen to them. He didn't notice Noble and Ciella get up but when Silva tapped his arm he focused, running upstairs.
He threw open the door to his room and grabbed his traveling cloak and leather gloves. He put on what few weapons he had along with Nobles dagger that he never gave back. He took one last look around his room before he left, running down the stairs. He saw his mother crying softly and he went up and hugged her. She cried into his shoulder, but let him go, giving him a bag.
"Good luck my child." She touched his face and Arden began to cry. He turned and headed out the back door, where Ciella and Noble were waiting on their horses. He paused, Ciella was dressed in hunting clothes, brown breeches, tall boots, and a deerskin shirt. Her hair was tied back and she wore a hooded cloak that fell around her shoulder.
"Arden come one!" Nobel yelled. Arden ran forward and quickly mounted his horse, they turned to leave but their father stopped them.
"Stay off the main road, get to Glenhollow and find the blacksmith named Rowan. Tell him who you are and he will assist you. Ride quickly and don't stop unless you have to. Go!" He looked back to the house, smoke was beginning to rise into the sky and screams of horses and people were heard.
"Quickly!" He yelled and ran back inside.
"Follow me." Nobel spurred his horse into a gallop and they rode quickly into the woods.
They rode to the top of the rise and looked out over their home. It was burning to the ground, mounted knights were everywhere, killing everyone. People screamed for help. They weren't warned. They watched as their house caught fire. Ciella began to cry and Arden was pale as a ghost.
"We must hurry, they will come looking."Noble whispered and they followed him through the woods and into the uncertain and dangerous night.