
Ciella's head throbbed, she brushed a hand over her face but drew away quickly. She suddenly became aware of someone laying beside her. Her eyes flew open and she quickly sat up. She was in a small room, the only things in it were the bed, a few chairs and a table. Laying next to her was Arden. She sighed with relief.
Then she remembered Noble. He was laying on the floor, asleep, with his hat over his face. Her hands hurt, she looked at them, they were wrapped in bandages. So were her ankles. There was another bandage wrapped around her forehead, she felt the bump on the side of her head.
The first light of the morning was streaming through the small window. Had she been out cold all night?
She looked down at Arden and began to shake him.
"Arden, Arden wake up." Her voice came out as barely a whisper. Arden grunted, his eyes fluttered and he looked up at her, surprised. He shot up.
"Ciella, thank the lords!," He hugged her and she stiffened,"Im so sorry I'm such an idiot." he let her go and she pressed up against the wall. Arden looked worried.
"Ciella don't be scared your safe. You should have seen Noble's face when I told him you were gone." He smiled and put a hand on her shoulder.
"Is he okay? I saw them fighting but then..."She stopped talking and her face saddened.
"He's fine, don't worry about him he's crazy. You had us real worried."
Ciella started to cry and wrapped her arms around his neck, crying onto his shoulder.
"I thought they were going to kill me." she whimpered and cried, tears streaming down her face.
"Shhhh, it's ok. Your safe." Arden rubbed her back, comforting her, and let her cry on him.
After a while she stopped crying and they sat there in silence for a while. Ciella pulled away and wiped her face.
"I'll wake him up, we should get going soon." Arden whispered, getting off the bed and kneeling down beside Noble. Ciella stretched her arms and watched.
Arden slowly took his hat and placed it on the floor beside him. He put a hand on Nobles shoulder.
"Noble, wake up Noble." He lightly shook him. Most people who tried to wake Noble up got punched and Arden didn't want this to happen.
"Mhmmmmm go away." Noble mumbled.
"Noble get up." Arden said louder, Ciella giggled.
"What did you do to my hat?." He said sleepily. Ciella put a hand to her mouth, trying not to laugh.
"Get up and you can have it." Arden teased him.
Noble slowly opened his eyes, looking at Arden.
"Where's my hat?"
Arden grinned, picked up the hat and waved it in front of his face. Noble's hand shot up and grabbed it. Arden jumped back as Noble sat up and placed the hat neatly on his head. His eyes moved from Arden to Ciella who was laughing.
"Ciella, how are you feeling." Noble asked, getting up with a grunt he made his way over to the bed. He had a black eye and a few cuts on his face.
"Let me see your hands." he held out his hands and she placed hers on them. He grabbed them and turned them over, looking at her palms. He let go and lightly turned her chin, looking at the bruises on her face and neck. She flinched as he touched the bump on her head, removing the bandage.
"We should probably change these bandages. Arden, get them for me will you." Arden hopped to the bag on the table and dug around, pulling out a roll of white bandages. He gave it to Noble.