
Noble could hear someone moving around but he kept his eyes shut. His injuries would slow him down. He knew he had broken some ribs as it hurt to breath. He could feel a wrap around his torso where he had be cut. His head throbbed and he had trouble breathing through his nose. There was also a chance his leg was broken.
He slowly opened his eyes, squinting at the rising sun. Hand in front of his eyes, he slowly sat up, ignoring his pain. Arden and Ciella were sitting opposite of him, staring at the map. He looked at Arden, he was wearing his hat.
"Why are you wearing my hat?" Noble grunted. They turned their heads quickly to look at him.
Ciella smiled,"good, you're awake."She got up and fished an apple out of a bag, tossing it to him. He grabbed it and took a bite.
"Thank you. Now give me back my hat." He said through a mouthful of apple.
"Your welcome." Arden said as he tossed the hat at Noble.
"So, how's the map reading going."
"We've been trying to figure it out for the past hour, no luck." Arden picked up the map and brought it to Noble. He examined it and speculated they were six miles from the canyon, a short distance from a small village where they could get supplies and food.
"I need to teach you how to read this, it will come in handy." He folded the map and gave it to Arden, who put it away.
"That's probably a good idea. But we should pack up and get going, this will be a long journey." Arden continued to pack up their things and extinguish the fire.
"Look who's decided to take charge now."he scoffed at his brother.
"Don't be rude or I'll leave you here."Arden walked to his brother, helping him stand.
Noble tried to put weight on his left leg, but a shooting pain shot trough his knee. With Arden's help he hobbled over to his horse and swung himself on.
"At least I can ride today."he mumbled under his breath. Noble still led the group, but if they came into trouble he would almost be as useless in combat as Ciella. They rode at a quick pace but the motion of his horse jarred his leg, making it painful. He slowed to a walk, leaning awkwardly in his saddle.
Ciella rode up to him," You ok? Why did we slow down, we're close to the village." she looked concerned.
"My knee is killing me." he straightened up in his saddle.
"You can wrap it up it you want, we have some bandages left, it might help."Ciella dug them out of her bag and handed them to him.
"Thanks." He grabbed them and pulled up the leg of his pants. His knee was swollen and purple,he grimaced and wrapped the bandages around it.
They continued on, riding faster as the bandages had helped.
Ciella couldn't help but stare in wonder at the massive trees they rode by. The forest here was beautiful and she didn't want to leave it. The massive leafy branches hung over the road and the wind whistled softly through them. As they approached the top of the hill they stopped. They took in the panoramic view, you could see for miles. The hills were blue in the distance and you could see the tiny village ahead if them.
It was a bustling little town, smoke poured out of chimneys as people went about their daily chores. The group rode down the hill and to the entrance of the village.
As the people saw them, some screamed, they dropped what they were doing and ran back into their houses. Shutting doors and closing shutters. Only one man remained on the street, facing them.