
"Now can I actually shoot an arrow?" Arden asked impatiently. He had spent hours listening to Noble explain his form and whatnot.
"Yes, nock one, but don't let it go yet."Noble watched Arden happily put an arrow on the string and drew it back.
"Ok, now what."
"Look down the arrow, the point will be your guide. Aim for the knot on that tree and let go when you're ready."Noble watched as he aimed his shot. He realeased the arrow, it missed, falling short of the tree. Arden sighed.
"Do it again."Noble commanded. Arden shot again, getting closer to his mark.
"Shoot until you get it, when you run out of arrows go collect them."Noble watched as he tried again and again. Finally he hit the tree, just below the knot.
"Good, do it again."
"Can I take a break?"
"No, do it again."
Arden collected his arrows and began to shoot at the tree. His arrows were hitting it every time but not the knot.
As the sun was beginning to set Arden finally hit the middle. He cheered but Noble interrupted.
"Collect your arrows and do that from ten feet farther back."
"What? Fine."he marched off and collected his arrows. He shot from his new place ten feet back. He hit the middle on the first try. He shot the rest of his arrows, few others his the middle but they all hit the tree.
"Good, collect your arrows and you're done for the day."Noble watched as he sighed with relief and went off to collect the arrows. Noble sat back down, his knee slowly seemed to get better but it still hurt to stand on it. He was beginning to miss home, especially his bed.
"You should teach me how to use a weapon."Ciella was tending the fire.
"What?"Noble looked at her questionably.
"Teach me how to use a weapon." She looked back at him, she was serious.
"Why?"
"Look, I know I can't always rely on you to protect me and besides making fires Im useless."
"Ciella, you're not useless.."
"Oh no, I beg to differ. Neither of you have so much as given me a glance the past two days. You're busy teaching him to hunt and I just sit here worrying they'll find us. I want to be useful to you two, I don't want to be some helpless damsel who can't do anything for herself. Were stuck out here whether we like it or not. We can't go home, it's gone. Were being hunted down as we speak and we're heading to the resistance. I want to be useful Noble."Ciella stared at him, her greenish eyes were intense. Noble sat there shocked at what she had said. But she was right.
"You're right, your completely right. I'll teach you as best I can but until I can so much as walk I can't do much. We need to leave in the morning, we've been here to long for my liking. And, I don't think you're useless, you can make fires, I know you can cook, and let's not forget the countless times you've cleaned up Arden and I after a fight." Noble stared back at her.
"Really?" She raised an eyebrow.
A small small crept into his face,"yes, really. Now get some sleep."