
Noble looked like Arden had broken him, his face went blank and he stared at the ground.
"What happened to me..."he whispered.
Then he looked up at Arden, eyes ablaze, and screamed,"What happened to me? What happened was I screwed up! I screwed up and someone died!" He looked broken as he yelled at his brother.
"We were all starving and I decided to raid some hunters barn. I'd done it before by myself, but others found out and wanted to come,"he was furious,"I let them come, but I should have made them stay home. There were about fifteen of us, all kids from the village. I was the oldest so no one doubted my judgement. We left at night, no one knew we had left. It was freezing and I remember the ice in my hair and on my clothes. As we got to the barn I told them to stay here, three people went with me. We got inside and grabbed as much as we could, but on the way out the hunter saw us. He let lose his hunting dogs. We dropped the food and we ran, we ran for ages and we were lost. I could hear them getting closer so I yelled for everyone to get into the trees. Everyone but Orin got up. The dogs came and the ripped him apart." Noble was almost crying, Kneeling on the ground.
"You wonder why Bella hated me? Orin was her brother, I stopped her from looking at what was left. We didn't make it home until morning. When the people heard Orin was dead they were shocked, who would have thought I would lead my friends to their deaths. They didn't even go back for his body. I didn't sleep, I was too afraid to see it happening over and Over in my head. I blocked it out. When I did sleep it's all I saw. That's why I wanted nothing more than to leave the village, to get away from my past. You may think everyone loved me, but underneath they all saw the little boy who almost got everyone killed by a pack of dogs. I busied myself with training to keep my thoughts away from it, I wanted it to go away but it doesn't." Noble was on his knees, his hands in his hair. He was still staring at Arden.
"We'll guess what, I don't care! Suck it up and move on! There's no one around to comfort you and you should get used to it! So what, he's dead, that was three years ago. Everyone who might remember is dead now so you won't have to worry," Arden lunged at Noble, punching his face," And you can sure as hell expect me to always hate you for the way you treated us." He snarled.
Noble turned back to Arden, his face filled with anger and hurt. He lunged up, catching Arden off guard and punched him as hard as he could, knocking him out. Arden fell to the ground unconscious. Noble wiped the dirt from his face and stalked off into the woods.