
"Let it cool off for a while."Noble said, handing Arden the stick. Arden took it and sat down, laying it across his lap.
When it had cooled Arden brought it over to Noble.
"Have you carved wood before?" Noble asked.
"No."
"Did you ever go into training?" Noble asked, taking the bent stick.
"No, I thought about it but decided not to." Arden gave Noble the dagger, watching carefully. He started to whittle down the end of the stick, peeling the bark to show its white wood.
"I'll do one side and you'll do the other. Try not to make it too thin or it will break." Noble continued to carve the end of the stick, making a place for the string that would go there.
By time he got to where the handle would go the sun was beginning to set and Ciella had returned, dropping the pile of sticks by Noble's feet.
"Do you want to do the handle?"Noble asked.
"Uh, no. I'll probably mess that up." Arden continued to watch as he carved the handle. It was slightly thicker than the rest of the bow and Arden could easily hold it in his hand. Noble gave him the dagger and told him to sit and finish it.
Noble slowly slid to to the ground, pulling out his sword he began to make arrows from the sticks. From time to time he looked at Arden, making sure he didn't screw up the bow. At some point he fell asleep, leaving the night to Arden.
Noble woke up to Arden jabbing his shoulder.
"Noble, Noble, Noble, wake up."Arden droned on. Noble woke with a start, gasping at the pain from his ribs.
"What!" He snapped, still tired from the previous day. Arden shoved the finished bow in his face.
"I finished it, how did I do?" Arden was wide awake and excited. Noble took the bow, examining it. Arden did we'll for his first time carving a bow. It was a little bumpy and rough in places but overall it was good.
"Good job. Now we need string."Noble handed it back to Arden. Arden didn't know where to get string so he stood still.
"Would this work?" Ciella pulled a long piece of thin twine from her bag and brought it over.
"Perfect."Noble smiled and took the string, knotting it into a small loop on both ends.
"This is the hard part,"Noble handed him the string,"put one end around the bottom of the bow." he instructed and Arden did just that.
"Now take the other end and connect it with the top."he said. Arden pulled and pulled but he couldn't get it to the other end.
"I give."Arden huffed.
"Try again."He commanded as Arden struggled once again to string the bow. He stopped trying.
"Maybe if I actually had muscles I could do this." Arden sighed and handed Noble the bow.
"We'll work on that later."Noble took it and quickly pulled the string over the other end. Arden stared, wondering how he did that so easily. He took it from Noble, pulling on the taught string.
"Now, I spent a lot of time on these arrows, don't break them."He pointed to the pile of twelve arrows on the ground.
"Let's get started, what do I do first?" Arden asked, excited about learning to shoot a bow.
"Ok, well, hold it in your left hand and stand with your back facing me," He waited as Arden did what he said,"Now, you'll hold the bow out straight, yes good. Grab the string with two fingers and pull it back."Noble went on, trying to get his form straight before he let him have arrows.