
Running, Running, Running.
It was the middle of a cold winters night in Crow Hatch, a small town off the main road. A group of children were running through the woods. They were scared, starving, exhausted. Running from a pack of hunting dogs.
Running, running faster. The leader of the group yelled for them to get into the trees. They scrambled, trying to grab the slippery, frozen branches. It was a mass of grabbing, pulling, and slipping. The dogs were close, the barking got louder, their paw steps could be heard. The young girls who were in the trees began to cry and scream, two people remained on the ground, unable to get into the trees. The dogs were almost on them, everyone was wailing, yelling at the two on the ground. A boy in one of the trees quickly climbed down to the bottom branches, grabbing a child by the back of his shirt, quickly hauling him up into the tree. They climbed higher, still waiting for the last one to make it into the trees.
Then the dogs came. Eight massive tawny hunting dogs came through the trees, barking and snarling with rage. There claws and teeth glinted in the moonlight, their mouths frothy. The boy left on the ground froze, and looked into the eyes of the savage beasts. He gasped, eyes wide, and took off running. The dogs lunged after him, barking and snarling. Within seconds the boy began to scream, you could hear the ripping of cloth. They thrashed around in the brush.
And then there was silence.
The children in the trees began to cry, clinging to each other. They waited. The dogs soon disappeared as the cold night droned on.
They began to slowly file down from the trees, holding onto each other. Crying, cold, starving. They had gone to steal food from a hunter's barn, but they were caught. The hunting dogs were loosed upon them and they were lucky no one else was gone.
Bella, the dead child's sister, began to walk in the direction of her brother, but a hand came out and stopped her.
"There's nothing you can do,"she looked up into his eyes as he spoke,"Help gather the younger ones and let's go." He let go of her shoulder and they walked back to the group.
They walked home through the early hours of morning and onto the rise overlooking their small town. Smoke had begun to seep through a few chimneys.
They made their way down the hill. They were all silent, hanging their heads. About halfway down a door burst open in the nearest house. A man ran out towards them.
"Where have you been! Are you all ok?,"the man ran up to them and stopped, when he saw their faces he said,"what happened?"
The eldest boy stepped forward and with a solemn look he said,"It was my fault, I shouldn't have let them come, but we were hungry," as he spoke more villagers began to file out of their houses towards the group,"We snuck up to a hunters barn. We tried to steal some food from the barn but he saw us and he let his dogs loose on us. Then we were chased through the woods....We tried to get up into the trees.....but not all of us made it."
By then most of the villagers had gathered around and heard what was said. All those who had children began to look frantically around for their children.
The man gave him a pitiful look and with a sigh he said,"Who was it."
The boy looked to the ground,"Orin." People gasped and began to cry.A women fell to the ground wailing.
"No! My baby. No."
"Come, you all must be tired." the man motioned for the group to follow him. they walked into a large wooden building and sat down in the many chairs of the room. Most of the children were crying and clinging got each other.
The boy looked up to the man, his father, with sadness. They both knew he would feel the guilt for the rest of his life.
"You will not lead them about in such danger again."
"Yes father." The boy hung his head and began to cry.