
"I need you both to listen to me. Foxglove isn't the safest place in the world, it's nothing like our village. Don't look people in the eyes, watch your belongings for pickpockets, don't stop to buy anything unless I say you can, stay on your horse, always keep me in sight, and don't wander off." Noble looked serious, Arden thought he heard something nice in his voice.
"Ok, so we basically have to do whatever you say and follow you everywhere without question?" Arden asked.
Noble sighed,"Yes, but Arden, watch Ciella for me. This is her first time here and I don't want to have to save her from some drunken fool who decides he wants her. Lets go." Noble rode off towards the gates, his siblings in tow.
Noble watched the people around him, beggars lined the streets. Their hungry eyes ever vigilant. The many vendors were yelling, trying to sell whatever they had. The smell of food, alcohol, and smoke filled the air, making him gag. He always resented this place. He had to force his way through the crowd, glancing behind to make sure his siblings were still there. He caught a man trying to steal from him, but one glare sent him running.
After much pushing and shoving they finally got to their first destination, McRosters All Purpose Tavern and Goods. It was a large stone building with wood framing and two stories. Noble dismounted and tied his horse to a post outside. He left Arden and Ciella to tie their horses and went in.
Upon entering they were greeted to sweet smells of fresh bread and sugary treats.
"Arden, take Ciella and buy some bread, flour, and sugar. And stick together." Noble gave him enough money to buy it and sent them off, watching their beaming faces. Scowling, he walked farther into the building, the third door on the left of the fireplace. He knocked and it opened, he entered.
Arden dragged Ciella forward to the counter. They stared at all the baked goods in the glass cases. A women came out and stood in front of them.
"Welcome, what can I get you two?" She smiled warmly at them. Arden stood back up and tapped Ciella on the arm.
"Uh, a sack of flour, sugar, and two loaves of bread."
"Ok, one minute." She turned around and pulled two sacks off a shelf, flour and sugar. She placed them on the counter and then opened the glass case. She grabbed two loaves of fresh bread and wrapped them up in thick paper and tied it closed with a piece of twine.
"Here you go, that's twenty pieces of silver." She smiled. Arden dug the coins out of his pocket. He placed them on the counter and she took them.
"Anything else."
"No, thank you." Arden smiled, grabbed the food, and led Ciella off to look at the rest of the store.
"Hey, where is Noble do you see him?" Ciella was worrying.
"I'm sure he's here somewhere, but who cares. He treats us like children."
"But he said all those bad things about this place, and not to leave him."
"We'll be fine, stop worrying and have some fun Ciella." He rolled his eyes and wandered off, leaving her alone. She refrained from following him and went to look at the candies. She wished she had more coins. The candy looked amazing.
A thick hand snaked around her face, covering her mouth, another hand grabbed her around the waist. She grabbed the mans thick hairy arms, struggling to free herself. She tried to scream but it was muffled by his hand.