
They picked up his dagger and threw it at the wall. Noble tried to get up but they hit him with the club. Their leader walked to them.
"You're good boy, but not good enough. Pick him up."He spat, staring menacingly at Noble. Two men grabbed his arms and pulled him up, he almost fell.
"You think you can just go around killing my friends?" He punched Noble's stomach, making him gasp.
"You should have let us take your stuff, things wouldn't have gotten messy." He punched his face, his nose began to bleed.
"You killed my brother. You'll pay for that."He punched his stomach repeatedly, but he showed no pain.
"Does that not hurt enough pretty boy?" He punched his jaw, knocking his head to the side. Noble tried to get out of their hold but they held him tight.
"Tough are you? Jason, hand me that club." He commanded the man as he handed him the club. He grinned maliciously and then swung the club, connecting it with a crack on his knee. Noble stumbled and pulled his leg up, standing on one leg. He swung the club again, smashing against his side. Noble grimaced in pain.
"Where you come from boy, I'd be screaming by now. I'm even more surprised your friend is still sitting over there." He looked at Arden, who was still sitting against the wall. Noble looked at him, a worried expression on his face, as if trying to say 'run'.
Arden stared, wide eyes and afraid. He slowly stood up.
"Don't you try anything boy, leave or you'll end up like your friend here." He turned from Arden and punched Nobles face.
Arden stepped to his horse, slowly grabbing the reins. He tuned out the sound if them beating his brother. He thought about what he was doing, he may hate Noble but he was still his brother. He let go of the reins and pulled out his two daggers. He turned to face them, their leader now had a dagger in his hand.
Arden threw the dagger, it stuck into the leg of a thief holding up Noble. He yelled and collapsed, releasing Noble.
"Hey!" The man standing behind Noble yelled and ran towards Arden. Arden grabbed his horse, turning it so the horse kicked the thief, knocking him out.
Arden looked to Noble, who had managed to grab his dagger and fight back. Only one their leader was left standing. He seemed to tower over Noble's limping form. He lunged at Noble, knocking him on his back. The thief pinned him down, one hand around his throat, choking him. He held the dagger up as Noble struggled against his grasp.
The thief brought the dagger in towards Nobles face. He grabbed his arm, trying to push him away. Noble struggled as the dagger was slowly pushed towards his face.
Arden saw his chance and rushed forward, slamming into the thief and stabbing him between the ribs. Arden had pushed him off Noble, who was gasping for breath. The thief coughed and spat blood, then he was still.
Arden pulled the dagger from his side and stepped back, horrified. He stared at the bloody dagger in his hand. His hands began to shake and he dropped the dagger, jumping back.
The only thing that snapped him out of his daze was Noble groaning in pain. He turned around, Noble was still laying on the ground, clutching his side. Arden knelt down at his side.
"We should probably find Ciella." Arden said, looking around the canyon.
"Yeah ok.....help me up." Noble held up his arm and Arden grabbed it, pulling him up. He yelped and fell back to the ground. Arden put Noble's arm around his shoulder and helped him up again. Noble was a head taller than Arden so he was bending down at an awkward angle.