
Noble slowly awoke to the light filtering in through his window. He yawned and stretched his arms out. Sitting up he slowly ran his hands through his short blonde hair. Sighing he got out of bed, his bare feet softly hitting the wooden floor. He made his way to the window and drew back the curtain, flinching as the light hit his green eyes. His room had a perfect view of the town and the road that led there. His right hand was wrapped in a bandage, it was sore. Noble put on his clothes, a simple black leather tunic, black wolf skin pants and his favorite black leather tall boots. He shuffled slowly out of his room and quietly down the hall. He made his way downstairs and to the door. He looked back, making sure no one followed him and he left.
Knock knock knock"Whaaat." Arden complained sleepily.
"Get up or mom will get you with a broom again." Ciella laughed at her brothers sleepiness.
"I'm up." he came to the door and opened it, his shoulder length brown hair was a mess. He wasn't wearing a shirt, or pants for that matter.
"Lords Arden, put on some clothes. No one wants to see that! Come down when you're done, mom made breakfast." Ciella's face cringed and she ran away from him.
Arden ran downstairs and deeply inhaled the smell of whatever mom made for breakfast.
"Smells great mom." Arden chirped.
Silva turned to face him with a confused look,"this is exactly what I made yesterday and you absolutely hated it."
Arden stopped, "oh." Ciella and their father laughed, clutching their stomachs. Arden's face reddened as Silva joined in the laughing.
"Oh shut up!" Arden crossed his arms and scowled, but this only made them laugh harder.
"Where is Noble, I'll wake him up." Arden turned to leave, still fuming.
"Oh no, don't bother he left this morning!Hahaha, why don't you and Ciella look for him, he's probably by the creek!" She continued to laugh. Arden still furious went to the back door.
"Come on Ciella! Sooner we find him sooner we can leave." He yelled angrily.Ciella got up and, still laughing, followed him outside. They silently walked to the woods. Ciella was grinning and Arden was still angry.
They followed a path through the woods. The trees towered over them, most were hundreds of years old. They were going to the stone creek, also known as Noble's favorite place. If he wasn't in the village he was almost always at the creek. The creek was filled with stones and was surrounded by them. The trees that hung over it made the light filter through the branches and sparkled off the water, it was beautiful.
"Stop," he put out his hand,"do you hear that?"
"Hear what?"Ciella stared at him like he was crazy.
"It sounds like someone is singing." Arden began to walk closer to the creek, the noise becoming louder.
"Hey, you're right, I hear it too." Ciella looked even more puzzled. They couldn't tell what was being said but it was singing.
Arden silently mouthed come, and they crept towards the voice. They stayed in the woods, hiding behind the trees and brush.
"Ashes fall through the sky,"
They could make out the words. the voice was somewhat deep but who ever it was could actually sing. They silently walked closer, they could make out a figure sitting on a fallen tree over the creek.
"Bidding the darkness goodbye.A battle, greatest of time, They didn't know we would win,We showed we were strong,And that they were wrong.We may have taken them down.But we will surely drown."