
Arden went back inside. Noble didn't want them to see him struggle to get on his horse. He had taken a beating and his leg hurt so bad he wondered how he could walk. It took him two tries to get up into the saddle. When he did he slumped forward, leaning on his horses neck. He sat up and clenched his side, he had a nice purple bruise.
Ciella came out with Arden guiding her. He got up onto his horse and then lifted Ciella up. She was sitting in front of him, leaning against his chest. They spurred their horses on, beginning the long journey home.
------------------They rode their horses into the village, people watched as they went by. Ciella had fallen asleep and was still leaning on Arden. They rode up to the cottage and stopped in front. Noble dismounted first and tied the two horses.
"Wake her up and I'll get her down." Noble walked over to Arden's horse. Ciella woke with a start, realizing they were home she smiled. Noble helped her down and she went inside. They heard their mom yell. Their father came rushing outside.
"Noble! What happened to Ciella?" His voice boomed, looking at Nobles sorry state.
Noble turned to Arden," Go inside." He sprinted up the stairs and into the cottage.
"I told you to keep them safe. What the hell happened?" He stood angrily in front of Noble.
"We were in a tavern and I left her with Arden, I even told them to stay together but I should have known they wouldn't listen. I went to see Scully to get your potions and five minutes later Arden is screaming that she is gone. Some bandit kidnapped her and from Arden's description I knew where they were going so Arden and I went to their hideout. I went inside and got her, and as you can see," he gestured to his face,"I got my fair share of a beating."Noble looked to the ground.
"Noble.....This isn't your fault, you told them what not to do and they disobeyed you. I will talk to Arden about this but I think you should clean up first. Come." Maximillan turned and walked inside the cottage, Noble limped behind. They walked into the kitchen where Arden was eating.
"Sit." Maximillan pointed to a chair, then pulled Arden off into another room to talk to him. Noble sighed as he sat, relieving the pain in his leg. He placed his hat on the table and began to take his cloak and weapons off, laying them on the table. He had trouble getting his boots off as it was painful for him to bend down. His father had put a bowl of water and a rag on the counter for him along with some bandages.
Noble washed his face and hands with the water. He looked at the cut on his leg, it was deep. He slowly wrapped it up. Noble collected his things and limped up to his room. He placed his hat his table and put away his cloak and weapons. Noble slowly and stiffly lie down on his bed, quickly falling asleep.