
"I'm sorry miss," the old lady said peering out the window of the cottage," but I think your older brother just knocked out the other one."
Ciella got up,"oh lords, they're fighting again." she rolled her eyes and went outside. She stomped angrily around the side of the house, where an unconscious Arden lay on his back. She knelt down beside him, shaking his shoulder.
"Arden, Arden come on, wake up." Ciella gave up and began wiping the blood from his face. She wondered why Arden would bother fighting with Noble, who was much taller and stronger. He must have been tossed into the pond as he was drenched.
Arden groaned, his eyes fluttering open. He put his hands on his bruised face.
"Ugh, he hits like a girl."Arden remarked, looking at a smirking Ciella.
"He knocked you out cold and obviously beat you up." She chuckled.
"Where is he?"Arden slowly sat up.
"I was wondering the same thing." Ciella helped him to his feet and walked him inside the cottage. The family was gathered by the door.
Ciella spoke up," I'm sorry about their behavior, they don't get along. Did you happen to see where Noble went?" She looked guiltily at them.
"He ran off into the woods. Gave that boy quite a beating to."she smiled at them. Ciella let Arden go and headed back out the door.
"I'll go look for him, thank you, again." She left and headed out back, walking to the edge of the woods. Noble left a trail through the brush and she followed. She stumbled over fallen branches and awkwardly climbed through bushes. She batted at cobwebs and almost tripped over a fallen log. After some time Ciella came to a small clearing and leaned against a tree. She didn't want to go farther.
She looked up into an adjacent trees branches, and there in the branches was Noble.
"Noble, I finally found you!" Ciella said in relief. Noble jumped down from the branch, landing on his feet. His hat was missing and his blonde hair was a mess. He had a red mark on his cheek, probably from Arden.
"What do you want Ciella?" Noble looked annoyed.
"I came to bring you back of course, come on." she started to head back but saw he wasn't coming.
"Noble lets go."
"I'm not going. I'm done with that boy."
"Come on Noble, it was just a little fight. You got him good though, he has a wonderful black eye." She smiled.
"I don't care, I'm not going back there. He doesn't want to continue and I don't want to hear him complaining every step of the way. You'll both be fine without me."
"Noble, you can't leave me with him. He can't fight and doesn't know anything, unlike you. I'm not sure he can read a map either. You have to come back. You don't have to talk to him, just come. Please." She stared hopefully at him.
"No."
"Noble! Where would you even go. What would you do."
"Somewhere, maybe build a house in these woods. I'm not going back there." He looked sternly at her, crossing his arms.
She balled her fists and stared into his eyes."Noble Antikus Corinthus you are coming back with me or so help me I will make your life miserable!"
With an unreadable expression he said,"Fine."
"Yay! Thank you." she excitedly ran up and hugged him. Noble's face didn't change.
"Let's go before I change my mind." He stated and she let go, bounding down the path.