
As they rode away from the rise they could hear knights chasing after them. They rode as fast as the could, trying to outrun them. Noble led them through a creek, losing the knights.
They rode through the night, not stopping once. Several times Noble almost led them to their deaths. In their haste they had forgotten lamps so the light of the moon and his vision were all he had. The only thing protruding the silence was the sound of their breathing and the hoofbeats of the horses.
They had to ride all the way to Glenhollow, which was a three days ride on the main road but they had to travel through the woods. So far they hadn't seen or heard any more knights. They would be after them. They couldn't say who they were.
They were still riding when the sun came up. The horses were tired and so were they. They were riding through a golden field of grass and the rising sun turned it to fire. Noble stopped his horse.
"Let's stop for a while and eat."He got off his horse and dug food out of his pack. Sitting down in the grass he watched his siblings do the same.
An hour later they were back on their horses, riding through the woods.
Five days laterUpon their approach to Glenhollow they blended into the crowd waiting to get in. All they had to do was pass the gates and they shouldn't be bothered. Noble was up front, Ciella and Arden were a good distance behind him, as the guards would be looking for a group of three.
Noble was stopped by the guards, they checked his almost empty pack. He progressed through the gate and came to a stop near the second building.
Arden and Ciella rode side by side as they approached the gate. The guards let them through without a second glance, they appeared as weary travelers and nothing else. They followed Noble at a distance, almost losing sight of him through the crowd.
Noble rode cautiously through the street, hoping his siblings were following him. He was aware of everything around him, the years of training was finally paying off. He stopped his horse at a tavern, dismounted and entered.
He walked through the loud and crowded room, the air was thick with alcohol and smoke. He made his way to the bar, leaning against the counter. He got many looks from the people around him.
The bartender came over, asking what he wanted.
"I'll have a shot of whiskey," as the bartender was about to walk away Noble asked,"oh, and I was wondering where I could find a blacksmith. My horse pulled a shoe." The bartender paused.
"Try the large black building with the smoke pouring out of it three blocks down." He turned away and got his drink, but when he turned around to give it to Noble, he was gone.
He mounted his horse, noticing Arden and Ciella further down the street, watching him carefully. Noble rode forward two blocks and stopped. He got off and tied his horse to a post. He walked towards his siblings, within hearing range.
Without looking at them he spoke,"One more block, black building. Stay back here and wait for me to return."
Noble turned and began walking in the direction of the blacksmith. He walked quickly, eyes surveying the crowd. As he got closer he could smell the smoke billowing from its chimney. He entered through its open front, the sound of hammers pierced the air. He continued to walk in and one of the smiths came up to him. He was big, bulging with muscle and covered in soot. He had a full beard and a hammer in his left hand.
"Need somethin' kid?" The smith's voice boomed over the noisy room.
"Yes, I wish to speak to the head blacksmith here."