
"Shut up and come with me girly." He spoke in a deep raspy voice, his vile breath touching her face. She had no choice but to follow.
"Ciella! Let her go!" Arden saw the man dragging his sister to the door. The man was huge, his face was covered in thick scars. He ran after them, when he got within arms reach the man punched his face, knocking him on his back.
Arden gasped, his nose cracked and he felt blood running down his face. He stood, stumbling, and ran out the door. He couldn't see either of them. Wiping the blood from his nose he ran back inside, afraid for her life.
"Noble!," He searched around the shop but couldn't find him," Noble where are you!" He yelled as loud as her could. He was frantically searching for Noble. A door flew open and a figure dressed in black stormed out.
"WHAT!?" He yelled and the door slammed shut behind him. Noble was angry. Arden ran up to him.
"I..I dont know, I left her alone for five minutes and some huge guy grabbed her and now their gone."Arden looked guilty.
Noble waved his arms in front of him,"YOU WHAT? I told you to stick together! Where did they go and what did he look like." He began marching to the door.
"Uh..well, he punched me and I I um.. didn't see where they went. But... but the man, he was wearing clothes like yours but without the cloak. Umm he..he had a snake tattooed on his right arm." Arden stuttered and followed Noble out of the store.
"Ok, Arden follow me and be on your guard. I know where he's going." Noble was running through the crowd and Arden could hardly keep up. They went down several alley ways and crossed over a wooden bridge. He stopped in front of a big stone warehouse.
"Take this,"Noble handed him a long curved dagger,"Stay out here and don't follow me. Keep watch." Noble turned and ran to the side of the building.
"Where are you going! Are you crazy?" He yelled at Noble as he scaled the wall with ease.
"Noble!"Arden stood speechless as his brother entered through an open window in the top of the building. He waited, holding his dagger and Nobles.
-----------------She was being shoved forward by a forceful hand on her back. They had put a hood over her head so she couldn't see. The ropes that bound her hands rubbed her wrists sore. More hands grabbed her and they forced her into a chair, tying her hands and legs to it. She whimpered quietly.
"Here you go boys, this ones from outta town, no one will be looking for her." he sneered and ripped the hood off. Ciella's face was stained with tears and dirt, her hair was a mess. She stared fearfully at the crowd of men around her, there must have been twenty of them.
They laughed at her, the toughest looking one, presumably the leader, walked up to her."My my, you did a good job Arturo." He petted her face, she flinched away.
"Ah ah ah, be a good girl now." He brushed the hair from her face. She looked up at him.
"I will never do what..."
"Silence!" He slapped her hard across the cheek, making a red mark. She began to cry and whimper.
He leaned down, his rotten breath blew into her face. She stared wide eyes at him. He grabbed her chin and made her look at him.
"You are mine now, I own you." He spat in her face, the others laughed. He pulled out a small knife and brought it to her face. She cried out.
"There's only one way to make you mine, this may hurt."He pressed the cold blade against the skin of her neck.