
Three Years Later
"Arden get your lousy butt down here now!" A shrill voice cut through the air of the small wooden cottage. She was peering up the staircase impatiently, tapping her fingers on the scratched wooden banister. Her long gray hair was falling out of her bun and fell around her shoulders.
"Arden hurry up! I is already old and I'll be dead 'fore you get down here!" She glared at the top of the stairs, her face, filled with wrinkles, made her look more menacing.
"I'm coming!" He shouted and his footsteps pounded against the wooden floor. He came around the corner and down the stairs, slowing to a stop near the bottom. He stared fearfully at his mother.
"You is gonna make us late," she snapped,"why are you just standing there, get moving." She turned and began to shuffle to the door. Arden followed closely behind her, silently thanking the maker that he went unpunished. He stepped around her to open the door for her, she continued to glare at him.
They followed the crowd of other villagers filing out of their houses to the square in the center of the town. A fire had been built and was roaring into the sky. Villagers were beginning to sit in front of it. Silva turned her head to look at him.
"You is lucky we aren't late boy, don't you want to see yo brother's stag ceremony?" She continued to glare at him. They took their seats by the front of the fire, in perfect view of ceremony. other villagers looked to them with smiles, Arden's brother was the first child to turn eighteen in a long while. For many this would be their first stag ceremony.
As Arden was sitting a young girl with dirty blonde hair approached him. She sat down next to him and playfully punched his arm.
"Mom get at you again?" She smiled and gave a small laugh, her greenish blue eyes sparkled.
"Of course, why am I always the one?" Arden smiled back at his sister.
"Because I never stick around long enough to get yelled at." She hit his arm as Silva turned to face them.
"You know I can hear you right ? I is sittin right next to you. Hush up before you get into trouble." She turned back around.
He leaned over and whispered in her ear,"Look what you did now Ciella."
"Oh quit that." She scoffed. They stayed silent for a while, focusing in their brother standing in front of the fire.
"You know, why does he get all the attention, I mean, he's not that amazing is he? Of course he got to be the oldest. Too bad his attitude gets in the way." Arden frowned at the sight of his brother, he seemed almost perfect compared to himself.
"Well, Noble is Noble. He is the oldest. And besides, next year you get a stag ceremony." She looked at him with a somewhat pitiful look. Noble got all the attention, whereas they were always just his siblings.
"Yeah, next year. After he has one. He should just disappear in the woods for a few months, that would be nice. No more nagging older brothers. Just a little sister who constantly complains about..." Ciella smacked his chest,"Hey!"
"That's what YOU get for complaining. Now hush up, the ceremony is starting." they turned their attention to the people standing in front of the fire.
An stout, balding old man stepped in front of the crowd. He was wearing a fine wolf skin cloak and wore a necklace of wolf claws. This man was none other than the towns leader, Maximillan Corinthus.
He put out his hands in a welcoming gesture.
"Welcome people of Crowshatch. tonight we celebrate something we haven't done in years, we celebrate a boy," he gestured to Noble," as he becomes a man. Tonight, our dear Noble takes his place with his elders. He gets to grow up." His arms rose once more and the people cheered and clapped. Maximillan stepped aside as Noble walked forwards and stood in the center of the crowd.