
Noble charged him, striking at his head, then his legs, each time blocked.
The man struck faster and harder, Noble was hardly keeping up. Noble used the advantage of the wall next to him. He leaped up the wall and flipped over the man to his backside, bringing his sword down on the man's back.
He screamed and turned around, facing Noble, whose sword cut at the bandits face.
The bandit swung his sword at Noble's head, he ducked under it. Noble took a small step forward and jabbed the man's face with his elbow, knocking him back. The bandit dropped his sword and charged into Noble, catching him off guard. Noble slammed into the ground, the man on top of him. He dropped his sword, it clattered away.
The man rose up and punched Noble, who grabbed his shirt and tried to throw him off. Noble punched the man back, who had drawn a knife. He kicked up his legs, pushing him off, and rolled away from the man. Noble drew two long knives.
They clashed again, trying to stab each other. The man cut Nobles face, but he knocked the knife from his hand.
Noble grabbed the mans shoulder and with one hand thrust a silver blade into the bandits chest. The bandit froze, staring wide eyed at Noble. He pulled the blade out and stepped back. The man fell to the ground dead.
Noble limped to his sword, picked it up and put it away. He quickly walked over to Ciella, kneeling beside her. He made sure she wasn't too badly injured and picked her up, bridal style. Noble kicked the door open and walked out to find a frantic Arden, who ran up to them.
"Is she okay? What happened in there?" Arden walked beside Noble as they left the warehouse.
"She'll be fine, we'll have to stay the night."Noble was making their way slowly back to the tavern.
When they got there the women at the counter came out.
"Oh! You found her, do you need help?" She looked worried.
"Could we get a room here, and maybe some bandages?" Noble asked, looking down at his sisters bruised face.
"Of course, all the rooms upstairs are empty at the moment so take whichever you want. I'll bring up some bandages." The women turned and went into a back room.
"Come." Noble limped up to the second floor. He laid Ciella down on a bed, Arden watching.
"Get some water." Noble told Arden and he went to get water. The women brought up some bandages and Noble dressed her wounds.
He and Arden sat in the chairs in silence for a while. Noble got up and headed for the door.
"Stay here and do not open this door unless it's me."Noble left without another word.----------------"I got the rest of the stuff and paid for the room, now we're here." Noble leaned back in his chair.
"Thanks Noble." Ciella leaned back against the wall.
"We should get going. Arden help me tie our stuff to the horses." Noble got up and limped to the door, Arden followed with the bags.
They walked out to where Noble had tied the horses and put their belongings on Ciella's horse.
"You are ok with Ciella riding with you right?" Noble asked, tying off the last rope.
"Yeah, that's fine."
"Go get Ciella so we can go home."