
Crack
"Shoot" Arden whispered, he stepped on a twig. The singing stopped.
"Arden." she hissed at him. The person on the tree looked towards them, he got up, standing in the tree and silently walked off.
"Quick get down I think he's coming over here!" Arden got down pulling Ciella with him. The looked around frantically trying to find the singer.
"What are you doing."a voice came from behind them. Arden and Ciella quickly turned around, horror on there faces.
Relief flashed over their faces,"oh lords, Noble. You scared us."
"Were you expecting someone else?" Noble's face scowled.
"Um... no. We were looking... for you. We should get going so we can get back before...dark."Ciella tried to be nice to him.
He snorted,"don't just stand there, get up and go." Noble stalked off into the woods. Arden and Ciella jumped up an ran after him.
"Who do you think it was?"She asked quietly as not to let Noble hear them.
"I don't know, I couldn't see his face."
When they arrived back at the cottage they got ready for their journey. Noble strapped his sword to his back and hid daggers under his clothes. He put on a wide brimmed black hat and a cloak over his shoulders. He grabbed the pack of food and money mom made and headed for the door.
"Son, don't forget that Foxglove can be a dangerous place. Be on your guard and protect your siblings. Safe travels my boy." He patted him on the shoulder.
"I haven't failed you yet have I? I shall see you tonight. If we do not return by midnight we have stopped somewhere along the way. Bye father." Noble turned and left the house, going to his horse. He tied his bag down and mounted, waiting for his siblings.
Arden was trying to get his dagger to stay on his hips but he couldn't get it tight enough. When he finally got it Ciella was laughing at him, she had already put on her brown cloak and was making her way to the door. Arden stomped after her.
When they finally got going Arden and Ciella were fighting for who had to be last in line. Their horses were balking at their shouts and quick commands. Noble halted his horse.
"Listen here, Ciella will follow me and Arden behind her, got it? And please do me a favor and stop talking." He spurred his horse forward as the two got in line.
They stayed silent for a while, all that could be heard were the horses and the wind. They were traveling on the main road, which led everywhere but it was filled with bandits. Arden spurred his horse up to Ciella.
"So, enjoying the view of Nobles back?" Arden grinned.
"Of course I just love staring at black leather all day" she rolled her eyes" How long is this trip, it's the first timeI've been out of Crowshatch." Ciella asked, wondering how long they would be traveling.
"It's at least three or four hours. We have at least two to go." Arden's face saddened.
"Ugh."Ciella rolled her head back.
"You do know I have ears right, stop talking." Noble snapped at them, his arrogance showing. Arden slowed his horse so he was, once again, behind Ciella.
When they approached the city traffic on the road became thicker. You could see the tall buildings, all several stories high. They were crammed together on wide, busy streets full of vendors and travelers. Noble pulled them off to the side of the road.