
"You got hit pretty hard, so you might be a bit disoriented for a few days and your head will hurt," Noble carefully wrapped the bandage around her forehead," You'll be riding with Arden on the way back and I'll lead your horse."
Noble put new bandages on her hands and around her ankles. When he was done he grabbed a piece of bread and gave it to her.
"Eat."Noble spoke to her with kindness, she knew he blamed himself for this. He and Arden sat down and ate also.
Ciella looked at Noble between bites, she was starving.
"How did you get into that building?" She asked him, he looked up from his lap. He took a deep breath and told her.
Flashback
He ran to the side of the wall, there was a pipe leading up it and easily scaled the wall.
He could hear Arden yelling after him, why should he be worried about Noble.
"Where are you going! Are you crazy!"
There was a window in the side and Noble silently jumped through it. He heard Arden yell his name, he was frightened, but at least he was safe. Noble crept through the stone balcony that overlooked the main room, and he heard them talking to Ciella. He looked down at her, she was tied to a chair and crying. There was a beast of a man standing next to her, and many more surrounded them.
He listened in silence, horrified at what they might do to his sister. He needed to come up with a plan of action. The man was telling her that she was his property. disgusting.
He leaned closer and pulled out a knife, still gripping her face tightly. He had to do something now. The man pressed the knife to her throat.
Noble let a dagger fly, it imbedded itself in one man's neck, he fell dead. The man with the knife stood up, infuriated. The others drew swords.
"How dare you kill my men! Show yourself coward!"
He let two more daggers lose, killing two more. He stepped from the shadows, looking at Ciella. She saw him, her eyes widened and she strained against the ropes, screaming his name.
Noble drew his sword, stepping forward.
"We'll don't just stand there! Kill him!" The man screamed and several of his followers came at him. He heard her scream his name again, there's to many of these guys. He focused on fighting, easily dispatching the first man.
Noble took on the group of bandits, all charging him at once. It took all he had to keep them from killing him. He swiftly dispatched several bandits even as the others swords cut into him. One had cut deeply into his thigh, the owner of that sword dropped dead.He heard his sister scream once more and he fought harder. He swiftly took down the rest of the men. He saw the last man picking up his unconscious sister and slinging her over his shoulder.
His rage boiled up inside him and he sprinted up to him.
"Let her go you bastard." Noble pointed his sword at the man.
"Very well, if you wish to die." the man spat and dropped his sister on the ground. He drew his sword and sprung at Noble. They locked blades, the man releasing the hold and striking left.
Noble blocked it, feeling the force of the blow. They stared each other down, circling.