
"Of course, bring your horses and tie them to the wall their,"he pointed to rings on the wall.
"Thank you sir,"he turned away from the door,"come, tie the horses here." Arden walked the horses to the wall and tied them, Ciella joined Noble.
"Go inside Ciella, I need to speak to Arden." Noble walked to his brother.
Ciella walked inside, their house was warm and cozy. The little boy was hiding behind another boys legs. Ciella smiled at them.
"Is he shy?" She asked
"Only to strangers, once you know him he won't shut up." the boy laughed.
Ciella sat down in a chair, removing her hood. A women, their mother, came out from the kitchen with bread.
"Would you like some bread darling,"she asked kindly.
"That would be great, thank you." she took some bread and began to eat it.
Noble grabbed Arden and hauled him over by the edge of the pond.
"What's wrong with you Noble? Signing us up for a quest now?" Arden spat.
"We'll it's certainly a better choice than hiding for the rest of our lives. You didn't have to be so rude." Noble pushed Arden, sending him stumbling into the shallows. He looked up, infuriated.
"Rude? You're rude every day! We've been riding for days and I'm exhausted! Can't we stop for a few days!" He approached Noble and shoved him.
"Yeah we'll I have to babysit you because you can't do anything right! Ciella knows nothing about the outside world, she's so innocent! And you almost got her killed! I have to protect you both now, and you just get us into trouble!" Noble yelled and punched Arden, breaking his nose. Arden stumbled back, grasping his bloody nose.
"Yeah well maybe if you weren't such an ass all the time and maybe if I felt I could trust you things would have gone better!" Arden sprang forward, tackling Noble to the ground. Noble threw Arden off of him and got up. He grabbed Arden by the back of his shirt and threw him, kicking and screaming, into the pond.
Arden came up out of the water, gasping.
"I will kill you!" Arden screeched, getting up and coming towards Noble. Arden lunged at Noble, but he grabbed his arms, holding him in place.
"If you kill me what will you tell Ciella? Where will you go? You can't fight. I'm stronger than you." Noble kneed him in the stomach, making him collapse.
"I hate you, I will always hate you." he got up and tried punching Noble, but Noble grabbed his fist and punched his face.
"Hate me, go ahead. But you know you won't get anywhere without me." Noble stepped back from Arden, who was furious.
"I don't care about you, but I care about my sister. I wouldn't dare leave her alone with the likes of you, you're a tyrant." Arden charged at Noble again, getting pushed back into a pond.
"You were always the favorite Noble, everyone loved you! And now they're all dead! Mom always hated me! But you got everything! You were like a king. Praised for his every action, and what did you do? You took it, you became arrogant and selfish,"Arden's voice cracked, Noble looked furious,"Ever since that night in the woods you were different. You blocked your own siblings out, you didn't care. You didn't even acknowledge our parents love for you!" Arden got on his feet.
"No one ever told us what happened there, but it must have been bad. I was glad I stayed to keep Ciella company, she was sick. Next thing I know you turn cold, even ignoring mom and dad constantly trying to fix you. They stopped loving us like they did, they didn't pay attention to us, they were so busy trying to make you happy. I tried talking to you once, but you pushed me away and slammed a door in my face. What happened to you Noble!" Arden was screaming, his face bright red.