
"What?" Noble whispered. He slowly rode his horse towards the man.
"You're not welcome here."The man said just loud enough for Noble to hear him. He stopped.
"Why? Have we done something wrong?" He asked.
"You don't know? The king has issued for your capture. We do not wish to turn you in but if you refuse to leave we will do just that." The mans placed a hand on his sword, readying himself.
"I thank your people for not being hostile. All we ask if for is water and we shall be on our way, no harm done." Noble reached behind him, making the man tense, and pulled out a water skin. He threw it on the ground. The man cautiously stepped forward and took it. He disappeared and returned a moment later, the skin full.
Noble took it from the man, thanked him and headed back to his siblings.
"The king has issued for our capture, we must be more careful." Noble stated, confused at why they had come across no soldiers yet.
"What? Our capture? We must stay off the roads." Arden said, looking just as confused as Noble. They rode into the forest, it would slow them down but they would be safer.
"We can't go into any more villages, we'll have to hunt for our food. Arden you'll have to learn how to hunt." Noble smirked at the look on Arden's face when he said that.
"Why do I have to do it? We don't even have arrows, or a bow." he complained
"I'd do it but I can't really walk. Besides, I can't do everything for you. We'll have to make the bow and arrows, it will take a few hours." Noble laughed and Arden gave a huge sigh.
When the sun was past noon they stopped in a small clearing with a stream running through it. Noble got off his horse and hopped to a tree, which he leaned against.
"Arden, go look for a stick that's as tall as you and wide enough for you to get a good grip on it. And make sure it's not to curved."
"Why." Arden complained.
"To make a bow of course. Now go." Noble laughed at him as he stalked off into the woods.
Some time later Arden returned with an oak branch that was slightly taller than himself.
He handed it to Noble,"I found one." He angrily mumbled.
"Good, do you still have that dagger?" Noble smirked at Arden.
"Uhh,"he searched for it and pulled it out,"yes."
"Good,"he held the stick out,"cut off all the extra branches."He commanded. Arden rolled his eyes and began to hack away at the branches. When he was done there was a small pile of them on the ground. He looked at Noble, waiting for his next order.
Noble placed the stick next to Arden, he put his hand on the stick two inches below where Arden's shoulder was.
"Give me the dagger." He took the dagger and cut off the stick above his hand. He gave back the dagger.
"Now you have to bend it. This part is a little tricky. Take the stick and hold it above the flames, you want the wood to heat up so it can be bent. Once you think it's hot enough bring it to me." Noble handed Arden the stick and he brought it to the flames, holding it above them.
"Ciella,"Noble called to her and she looked at him," got into the woods and find some sticks, about as long as your foreleg and straight."She nodded and went into the woods.
Arden brought the hot stick over to Noble. He took the stick and bent it slightly at the middle, it began to look like a bow.