
"Let's go."Arden very slowly made his way over to his horse. Noble looked at him.
"You really expect me to get on a horse?" Noble grunted.
"You can barely walk and I'd rather not take three years to get out of here." Arden let go of his arm and Noble grabbed onto the saddle. He jumped up and pulled himself onto the horse, swinging his good leg to the other side. He leaned forward in the saddle, holding his side.
"The map,"Noble grimaced,"do you see it?" He looked around.
"No, where did you put it."Arden asked, worried.
"Agh...it must still be on my horse."Noble slumped onto the horses neck.
"Ok, he couldn't have gone far, we'll find him." Arden walked around, picking up what he thought was Noble's sword.
"This your sword?"Arden showed it to him and Noble shook his head. Arden also picked up his hat, wearing it. He led his horse down the path.
As they walked out of the canyon Arden spotted Ciella, and next to her was Nobles black horse.
"Ciella!" He yelled and urged his horse to walk faster.
"Arden! What happened?" Ciella shouted, walking her horses towards him.
"They attacked him. Don't know how he fought all those guys when saving you." Arden took Nobles horse and mounted it.
"What do we do?"
"Well, I think we should travel until dark. I think he'll be okay when he wakes up."
The group rode on down the path, trying to read the map. They stopped as the sun began to set, pulling Noble off the horse and laying him on the grass.
"I'll try and make a fire."Arden suggested and walked off into the woods.
Ciella watched him go and then grabbed a cloth from her bag. She knelt beside Noble and began to wipe the blood and dirt from his face. He had a black eye, a broken nose, and a cut above his right eye. His face was bruised and the sight reminded her of when she was kidnapped, except this was Noble. She finished cleaning his face and neck, moving on to look at his hands. They were covered in blood but had no wounds. She found the cut in his side and pulled up his shirt, cleaning and dressing the wound.
By the time she had finished Arden had lit a fire and was watching her. She moved to sit down next to him.
"How long have you been sitting here?" She asked, looking quizzically at him.
"Long enough."he grinned at her and she slapped his arm.
"Creep." she rolled her eyes.
"If I'm a creep what does that make you?" He pushed her lightly.
"That makes me and angel." She flipped her dark blonde hair back, smiling at him.
"Of course it does."He rolled his eyes and turned his head.
She looked over at the sleeping Noble,"Arden, how are we going to get him back on his horse."
"I haven't thought of that yet." He laughed and so did she.