
The smith laughed,"Get outta here kid, this is no place for the likes of you." Noble stepped towards the man.
"Maybe it would help if I asked for a man who goes by Rowan." He stared at the smith, whose face changed from laughter to seriousness.
"Who are you and why do you know that name." he clenched the hammer in his hand.
"I presume you are Rowan then? If so we should talk, preferably somewhere private."
"Follow me." he turned and walked to the back of the forge and through a door, once Noble entered he closed and locked the door. He stood there, silent, then turned around.
"You should be glad it was me you were talking to when you said that name. I haven't gone by that name in a decade. Where did you hear it?" He eyed Noble suspiciously.
"I was told to find a man, a blacksmith in Glenhollow, by that name. I don't exactly know why, but I believe it has to do with the resistance."
"I don't know why you have this information boy, who told you. Very few people know about my past involvement with them. Those who do swore not to tell unless absolutely necessary." He set the hammer down against the wall, crossing his arms.
"Maximillan and Silva Corinthus, my now dead parents. The knights came and sacked our village, I barely got out. They told me to find you."
The smiths face saddened,"They had children? How, they were both so old. Who are you?" The smith looked confused.
"I am not their blood descendant, they took me in. Actually let me rephrase that, she took me and my two siblings in when our parents left to fight a war they could not possibly win. And now we are here. We ask for your help, nothing more."
His eyes widened and he whispered,"from two fated doves there will be three....You're kidding me, you can't be them."
"You see, I'm not exactly sure what the fuss is all about, this whole prophecy thing got laid on us about six days ago before our village burned down. I haven't heard the whole thing and I don't really care."Nobel shrugged and rolled his eyes.
"You have siblings? Where are they? I can't just give you my assistance. The kings spies are always watching me."
"They are up the road, we thought it best not to travel through populated areas together as they're looking for us. They wait for my return."
"Very well, I can guide you in the direction of the last stronghold, but you must do so carefully. The guards are always watchful. And you will do as I say because the resistance may not take lightly to you. Are you prepared to do this?"
"Seeing as I have no other plans and I would rather not spend the rest of my life looking behind my back, yes."
"Meet me at the Ashmont tavern by midnight, bring your siblings and we will go from there,"He held out his hand,"Rowan, at your service."
Noble shook his hand,"Noble."
They both left the room and Noble silently walked out of the building, seen by no one.
Noble went back to his horse and mounted, catching the attention of his siblings. He rode to an inn where he rented a room, shortly followed by his siblings. They met in the room he rented.
"What happened in there?" Arden asked curiously.
"Tonight we meet him, midnight to be precise. He will give us the plan from there." Noble had placed his hat in his stomach as he laid in the bed.
"What are we to do until then?"