
Maximillan put a hand up, signaling silence, the crowd hushed.
"This boy has spent the entire day hunting a great stag for our feast tonight, and let me say he did magnificently. Bring out the stag!" He pointed to the barn where several men began to come out from behind it, they were carrying poles on which lay tied a great stag. It took fifteen sum men to carry the beast. Drums began to sound as the beast was brought out. The deer itself was six feet tall at the shoulder. It would feed many. It was brought to a halt at the fire, where it was prepared to roast on a spit over a second fire. Once this was done the people cheered. To Crowshatch, being a poorer village, food like this was hard to come by. The smell of roasting meat already filling the air.
"Thank you Noble for this great beast, tonight we shall eat well. Bring me the antlers of his beast!" His voice boomed as two men brought up the great antlers and placed them in front of the fire. They shone white and gold in the firelight, they were huge and intricate, pointing out from each direction.
"Noble, take up this knife," he held out an intricately designed silver knife in his hand, and Noble took it,"Take it across the palm of your hand and let your blood onto a point of the antler, and then into the fire." He stared at Noble with a most serious expression. The crowd was silent. The flames even seemed to grow quiet.
Noble took the knife in his left hand, and opening up his right hand he slid the blade into his flesh. He showed no emotion to the knife biting through his skin. Cutting his palm open he took his hand and grabbed a point of the antler, sliding his hand across it to the point. It left a streak of red across it.
He then walked up to the fire, reaching his hand out to its flames. He closed his hand, allowing a single drop of blood into the fire. As it disappeared into the flames the fire surged upward, reddening to the color of blood. It then sunk back down, changing back to its orange color. The drums began to play again and the crowd began to chant. Noble gave the knife back to Maximilan , who began to chant with them. This was an ancient dance whose purpose was long forgotten.
Noble closed his eyes and began to sway. He began to dance, twirling around the fire, the drums and chanting grew louder and faster, so did he. Noble kept dancing and soon others joined in. Soon enough the entire village was singing and dancing with him. This continued on for what seemed like hours. When the drums stopped so did everyone else. They people returned to their places and only Noble was left standing by the great fire. Noble's face beamed with excitement, he stepped forward to the crowd.
"Let us feast!" He exclaimed and for the next few hours that's what they did.
Noble walked up to his mother,"Are you enjoying yourself mum?"
She smiled,"of course I am, my baby's all grown up!" Silva's eyes began to tear and he hugged her.
"Don't cry mum, I haven't died." He smiled as she cried into his shoulder.
"I'm sorry, it's ,sniff, just you're not my little boy anymore." she smiled up as him as he was a good foot taller than her. She let go of him and walked off to find Maximillan, her husband. Noble turned around and searched for his brother. He saw his caramel brown hair through the crowd and began to walk towards him.
He was stopped by a hand on his arm, which spun him around. Bella Hamish.
She scowled at him,"You don't deserve a celebration," she spat,"and in your honor. I can't believe anyone cares about you anymore, after what you did. You destroyed my family!" She yelled at him, people were watching them. Noble stood there, mouth a gape, he tried to stay away from her as much as possible. How he didn't see her white hair he didn't know.