
"Go to your room and rest, I'll wake you when it's time to leave." Noble closed his eyes and the two siblings left.
Noble woke an hour before midnight. He grabbed his things, placing his hat on his head, he left his room. He silently opened the door to his left, where he found his siblings.
He woke them, telling them to be quiet, they crept out of the tavern and mounted their horses. They rode quickly through the almost empty streets, trying to find the meeting place. Once they found the Ashmont tavern they left their horses and went inside. It was empty, only one person sat at a table. He got up as they entered.
"Noble, right on time." Rowan shook Nobles hand and the group sat down.
"Arden, Ciella, this is Rowan." Noble pointed to Rowan, who was no longer covered in dirt.
"It's a pleasure meeting you. We have business to discuss. You want to make it to Erindolch, the last stronghold. It's quite a ride from here, it's hidden underground too."
"This sounds like fun." Arden pointed sarcastically.
"This man is kind enough to point us in the direction of the resistance, be nice." Noble hit his arm.
"As I was saying, Erindolch is an eight days ride from here, I brought a map," Rowan pulled out a large piece of old brown parchment,"it's easy to get there, but hard to find the entrance. Once you get there, find the old stone tree, wait for their guards to come and bring you inside. Now, they don't like it when strangers randomly show up on their doorsteps, so they may be a little tough with you. Tell them I sent you, if they don't believe that tell them who you are. They might not like that either, seeing as you three look almost nothing alike. From there I can only guess they'll take you to Sorova, their leader."
"Will you be coming with us?" Noble asked.
"I'm afraid not, they'd kill me on sight. Don't ask why. I have prepared enough supplied for you to get there. You should leave tonight."
"Well, Thank you for helping us, we will be forever in your debt."
"It was my pleasure, the bags are behind the bar, take them and leave, don't let anyone see this map either." Rowan got up and grabbed the packs from behind the bar, giving one to each person. The left the tavern and tied their belongings to their horses.
"Good luck on your journey." Rowan waved as they rode off.
Noble rode his horse at full gallop, putting distance between him and his siblings. He rode out the gate and down the rode, heading west like the map said.
At some point he slowed, allowing his siblings to catch up. When they did they rode together, silent.
By morning they came to a small stone cottage overlooking a pond. They stopped and Noble left Arden and Ciella to watch the horses. He walked to the front door and knocked.
"Anyone there?" He said aloud, knocking again. He waited. He heard the shuffling of footsteps and the clicking of the lock. The door opened to a little red haired boy, no older than ten. He looked up at Noble, eyes widened in fear. He ran from the door.
"Father there's a scary man at the door!" He wailed and an old man came to the door, dragged by the child.
"Excuse my sons behavior, may I help you?" He asked politely, smiling at his son.
"We have been riding all night and we would be grateful if you allowed us to stay and rest here for a while." Noble stepped back from the door so the man could see his siblings.