
"Sometime, not now, but sometime."-----------Back at the cottage
"Arden can you help me with this." Ciella asked him, she was carrying kindling into the house for the fire.
"Sure." he came over and they began to lite the fire.
"Noble's back to his normal self, what did you say to him." Arden asked.
"How do you know I said anything to him? He's always moody." Ciella retorted.
"Because he talked to me first and I know he went to find you after." Arden began to lite the fire.
"Ok, so maybe I just left him there but I just didn't want to talk to him." Ciella looked guilty. One night of the year he was in a good mood and she threw his happiness out the window.
"Great job Ciella. But did you hear Belle yelling at him? It was great." Arden smirked.
"Come on, I know you weren't nice to him either. But no, I didn't even know she showed up. Suits him I guess. At least next year you get to purposely cut yourself with a knife." She grinned mischievously. The fire was lit and they stepped back. Their father was watching.
"Don't be to hard on him now, he is a troubled soul and you are only making him worse. That boy is never happy, be glad that he was." He frowned at their mockery.
"Sorry father. You did a great job with the ceremony tonight." Arden piped in, trying to rid him of a mood.
A smile grew on his face,"always the one with great comebacks aren't you Arden. Good night my children." He slowly turned and retired to his room for the night. Ciella and Arden sat on their old couch in front of the fire.
"Ugh, we have to go with Noble into Foxglove tomorrow." her head fell back and she stared at the wooden ceiling. Arden clapped his hands together.
"Yeah, maybe we can sneak off for a while." He flopped back onto the couch.
"Since when is it possible to sneak away from him. It's like he has eyes in the back of his head." she groaned at the thought of it. She was about to say something but was cut off.
"Get to bed NOW. It's late and you both has to go to Foxglove tomorrow. Go." Silva yelled at them and they jumped up off the couch. They ran up he stairs and into their rooms, making no more noise.