
"Because of you my life was ruined! And now we have to 'celebrate you'. your nothing but a piece of...."A black haired boy stepped in fronting her and pushed her back. He was a head shorter than Noble.
"Knock it off Bella, this isn't your place to be. no one forced you to come." He scowled at her, and she scowled back.
"We'll EXCUSE ME for intruding on your little party. Besides I only came here for the food." she spat and then stalked off into the darkness. The boy turned around.
"You okay Noble? Just forget about her, this is your night." he smiled at his friend.
"Thanks Linkin, don't know what I'd do without you. Help me find Arden would ya?" He smiled and looked around the crowd for his brother.
"Ah, there he is, over there by jack." Linkin pointed. Noble walked toward them. They heard him come up behind and turned around.
"Noble, enjoying your celebration? Found any girls yet?" Arden smirked at him.
"No, I haven't. Can you lose he attitude Arden, this is a party. Besides, I just wanted to make sure mom hasn't beaten you with a broom yet tonight."
"I'm not the one with an attitude. And no, she almost did thought. That women scares the crap out of me sometimes." Arden glared at his brother.
"Enjoy yourself Arden, we don't get many nights like this." Noble turned and walked off to find Ciella.
"I swear he gets more arrogant by the day. He always is bossing me around, don't you see." Arden was annoyed.
"I think you might be over exaggerating a bit. He's not a bad guy. He only tells you what to do because he's your brother. Give him a little slack Arden." Jack said this and walked into the crowd.
In a mocking voice he said,"over exaggerating, he's not a bad guy, give him some slack," his voice became angry," sure, give the center of attention some slack. All I need is to let his ego boss me around some more."
Noble walked around the fire, talking to a few people. He found his sister and went up to her.
"Noble."
"Ciella, enjoying yourself I see."
"What's not to like."she turned and walked off, she was in no mood to speak to him.
"Yeah, great talking to you too." he muttered under his breath. He should be enjoying this night, but the initial euphoria had worn off. Tomorrow would be normal, except everyone would be tired. He had spent the entire day hunting down that deer by himself. It proved a challenge even though he was a skilled hunter. He only wanted to leave this town, to get away from his nightmares.------------"Maximillan come here!" Silva yelled at her husband who was talking to someone she didn't recognize. He turned around and his face lit up.
"My dear Silva, Noble has grown up!"
"I know, my baby isn't a baby anymore. He looked so proud tonight. It's a good change for him." Silva put her hands around his neck.
"He's all green up. Maybe his mood will change as well. we shall see." He leaned in and kissed her lips.
"Oh Maxi, you know we'll have to tell him sometime soon, you know he wants to leave this place for good." Her face saddened.