
As they passed by the lake Noble stopped by his hat. He picked it up and brushed the dirt off, placing it on his head he followed Ciella to the door. She was standing there, thanking the family for their hospitality and dragged Arden out. Arden glared at Noble, helping Ciella onto her horse. They left the cottage, still glaring angrily at each other.
The next day
They had travelled through the night, not stopping or speaking to each other. The only thing that made it bearable were Ciella's constant attempts to start a conversation between the two.
"Someone besides me say something before I die of boredom!" Ciella dramatically threw her head back.
"I hate Noble." Arden quickly said. Noble didn't acknowledge his words.
They came to the entrance of a stone canyon. The walls rose over one hundred feet. They stopped and Noble pulled out the map, checking their directions.
"We have to go through this, follow it all the way. Be on your watch, there may be bandits." he said, putting away the map and placing a hand on his sword. Arden pulled his daggers from their sheaths.
They rode on for some time, Noble guessed they were close to the end. A group of five men appeared behind them, walking silently.
"Noble, were being followed."Arden said fearfully.
Noble pulled out his sword and turned in his saddle, surveying the men behind them.
"Noble watch out!" Ciella screamed as two big men jumped in front of his horse, causing it to spook. Noble was caught off guard and thrown to the ground. More thieves surrounded them, one approached Noble, kicking away his sword which had fallen from his grip.
"Search their bags and take the girl."One thief commanded. Two walked towards Ciella, who screamed and kicked her horse forward. Her horse barreled over the two men, knocking them down.
"Go Ciella!" Arden yelled after her as she escaped and rode up the path, out of sight.
Thieves were searching Nobles pack, throwing their food to the ground. Two thieves had hold of Arden's horse, another pulled him off and kicked him to the ground. He crawled to the wall of the canyon.
Noble was suddenly on his feet holding a curved dagger, lunging at the thieves with his horse. He quickly killed the first man, but the second saw him coming and blocked him. The man pulled out his own knife and began swinging it at Noble, who dodged it with ease. A third thief came at Noble from behind, pulling a sword and swinging at his torso.
Arden froze as Noble quickly swung around, jumped over the blade, kicking out his legs he knocked the thief back and he stabbed the thief behind him. He landed on his feet and turned around, facing two more armed thieves.
Arden noticed there were only six men left and they were either attacking his brother or standing else where. He could have gotten on his horse and left him but he stayed.
Noble produced another dagger and threw it at one thief, but it was blocked and flew off by his horse. His horse jumped and ran away. Noble threw another dagger and missed, two more men came up behind him. he swung at them and blocked their blows, trying to disarm and eliminate them. He took one man down but another sliced his side, causing him to stumble back.
He threw a dagger, another man went down. Four men left. All Noble had left was a single dagger.
Two men with swords attacked Noble from the front, another man with a club came behind him. He brought it down on Noble's head, making him fall to the ground.