
"Zack come on!" I say smiling at him.
"Jeez Tay, chill your self." He comes up to where he's behind me. I start to run again over to Abbys place.
"Wait up!" He yells after me still catching his breath from the last short run we did. Gosh he's so out of shape. I stop and wait for him again. He standing in front of me. He's way taller than me. He towers over as me as I just stand there. He grins at me and starts walking.
We finally reach Abby's place after a few more minutes. Zack and I just walk in yelling out,
"Abby, grab your stuff and let's go!" Her parents don't what we do. They're awesome! She's the only kid. Her mom doesn't work. The car is gone so I'm guess that Justin (Abby's dad) must have gone in early today.
I see her appear out of the kitchen holding an apple. I watch as she bites into it. Zack walks up to her and steals her Apple away and takes a huge bite out of it.
"What the f Zack!" She yells out. He smiles at her with some apple juice spilling down his chin. Holy flying fish this boy is hot to bad he's like a brother to me. I grab my stuff off her couch and head out the door knowing that they're following me.
We walk to school mocking the cheerleaders and jocks at school.
"Why Zack? Why must you leave me?" Abby says mocking a cheerleader.
"Abby go away it just don't like you." He replies in a low raspy voice. We walk into the school heading toward the lunch room. We pass the cheerleaders who glare at us as we walk by. Wow I hate them so much. I walk past a frame on the wall that says past principles. I read the list out loud laughing with Zack and Abby about how stupid the last names are.
We finally walk into the lunch room and I see Lucy on her phone.
"Hey Lucy!" I yell out to get her attention. She looks at me and then of course so does half of the people in the lunch room.
"Hey girl!" She yells back to me. We all sit down and start gossiping about out favorite bands while Zack waits for his guys friends to show up. He smirks as we talk about how Zayn left the band.
We see his other friends to show up and disappears into the crowd. I guess I'll see him in French. The bell ringing to let us to our lockers.
"I hate science class." I say to Lucy as I walk out of first period. She just laughs and nods in agreement with my comment. We walk up the stairs to meet Zack and head toward French class.
The first thing we hear when we all into French is the teacher yelling out,
"Sit down! Sit down!" In French. Everyone takes their seat and get out their notes. She starts to ramble on in French about a new project that we're going to do. We head toward the library to work on some research. I sit in between Lucy and Zack. We spend more time talking than really working in the project. We pack up our stuff and log of the computers.
I stand up and start to walk out of the library. I open the door a squeal.
"Shiz." I say under my breath.
"What was that Tay?" Zack asks from behind me.
"Are you serious you didn't see him?" I reply my eyes wide like I drank a six pack of monster.
"See who?"
"Never mind lets go." I pull his arm and Lucy follows close behind us.
I sit there pondering over the idea that maybe I just saw a ghost. It's impossible he died. I was there. He's dead we all went to his funeral. Third period was a blur of homework and books. Same with fourth and Fifth.