
By the time lunch came around I decided, yep it's a ghost. They call up our table. It's nacho day at school yum. But Lucas kinda made lose my appetite. So I just sit there. I wait for Zack, Lucy, and Abby toCome back before I head toward the bathroom.
I watch as they pay for their food and come back talking about some kid that's been gone for a month and still nobody can find her. I sit there for a minute thinking about how April is still gone. Are they talking about her? I used to be friends with her in daycare. Her parents were friends of my parents. I totally forgot about her disappearance.
I stand up and walk to the bathroom passing a few tables of jocks, cheerleaders, nerds, and the trouble makers. I see one watching me as I pass by. I walk into the bathroom and check each stall before saying,
"Luke?" I wait a few seconds then repeat his name again. I look in the mirror and almost drop my phone. I spin around and my jaw drops.
"Taylor. I miss you." He says walking up to me.
"L-Luke. Your de-" He cuts me off by saying,
"I know this Taylor. Help me. I can't get out of here I need help." I hear laughing out side the door and I see it open up. I push my hair back and step out of the bathroom past Hope and her group of morons.
I sit back down in my seat.
"Taylor?" I hear Lucy say. I snap back into reality and reply with,
"I'm fine just don't feel well." Zack looks me over then rubs my back to reassure me that everything will be okay. I smile at him and nod my head. I take a chip for his bowl and plop it into my mouth.
They dismiss us from lunch and I head toward art class with Abby. She rolls her eyes as she walks into class. She bites her lip to tell me there's a hot guy to my right. I look over and suck in a breath. Luke. But she can't see him I think she's talking about Harley. I stare a Luke. He waves at me and says,
"Indeed he is hot." I just start laughing as he disappears. Abby looks at me like I have five heads and a unicorn up my arse.
"What?" I say walking to my seat. She just shaking her head as a way of saying your so weird Taylor Grace. I sit through art class thinking maybe having a ghost friend wouldn't be so bad. I mean I'd have to not look like a weirdo talking to my self in the middle of school.
I stand up as the bell rings and head toward math. Hopefully I will see Luke again. He was always good at math. Maybe he'll give me the answers to this test.
I walk into math and see Luke sitting in my seat. I watch him as he stands up and lays out his hand giving me the signal that I'm able to sit down now. I walk over to my seat and grab out my calculator and pencil.
"You know Taylor I always hated math." I give a small chuckle.
"I thought you loved it." I say so quite thinking maybe he didn't even hear me.
"My mom helped me I was good at it but I hated it." He replays laughing at me. I just smile at him. I see Hope looking at me. I look behind me and then Luke says,
"I see her. I still can't believe I dated her. Bitch said she loved me. Look how fast she got over me." I look back at her. The bell ringing telling us to begin the tests. Luke helped me through the whole test. I'm so lucky to have a ghost bestie. I didn't know he was such a good guy I thought he hated girls like me. I feel him put his hand on my shoulder. This is the first time he touched me today. Well I mean ever. He never talked to me when he was alive. His touched sending shivers down my body.