
In class, Leanne took her assigned seat between two girls. She had no idea who they were. Sitting between them made Leanne feel suddenly shy. Just by looking at them both, she could tell that their personalities were completely different from one another.
Their first class was English. Leanne usually read books during English and hardly concentrated, because she found her books more interesting than the teacher's everlasting lectures.
She had opened her book and was about to begin reading the first chapter when the girl on her right, leaned over to her and said, "Don't do that."
"Do what?"
"Read your story," said the girl on her right. "It's rude."
"Does it look like I care?" retorted Leanne.
The girl shrugged. "Just saying. You might want to learn something."
Leanne scowled. "What's your name?"
It was a random question to ask, but the girl's expression didn't change. "I'm Claire," she said, holding up her hand as Leanne opened her mouth to speak. "And I know you're Leanne, I was paying attention when the teacher called out the roll. I'm guessing you didn't."
Leanne raised an eyebrow. "I have low concentration when it comes to these things."
Claire shook her head. "No, you were too busy reading your book. The teacher had to call out your name twice, remember?"
"You remembered?"
"Of course I did. Why? I don't have bad memory like you do."
Leanne ignored her comment, putting her book away and listening to the teacher. There was nothing interesting in the teacher's lecture, just a bunch of old information that she already knew, but Claire was hurriedly copying it down in her book.
Claire saw her looking and stared defiantly at her as Leanne had challenged her to something.
"I want to copy it down so I remember," she said.
Leanne nodded, mainly because she didn't know what else to say. Claire seemed to have a comeback to everything she said.
Meanwhile, the girl on her left, was reading something on her laptop.
"What's that?" Leanne asked her.
The girl turned, and look surprised, as if she wasn't expecting someone to speak to her.
"It's a book online," she said.
"Can I read it?" said Leanne. Then, realising she hadn't introduced herself, hurriedly added, "and my name's Leanne, by the way."
"Sure, and I'm Caitlin," replied the girl with a smile, and pushed her laptop between the two of them so they could both read. The story was very intriguing.
"Who wrote it?" Leanne asked.
"Someone online. I don't know."
"Well, they're good."
"I know."
"Where I can read it?"
"Here, I'll show you," said Caitlin, typing in the website on Leanne's laptop and showing her how to find the story she wanted to read.
Leanne smiled at her. "Thank you."
"No problem," said Caitlin, turning back to her laptop.
The strange thing was, from then on, by that short conversation, Leanne became fast friends with Caitlin, and Claire. She was beginning to think that the school year wouldn't be as horrible as the year before, but one could only hope.
But she had no idea how much she would go through, and how many other people she would meet...

Hello there! I got the name for this story from school - I was called an SSS (secret singing superstar) because apparently I'm a good singer. But I'm not, however, MidnightDragonBloom is an awesome singer. This story is told from mostly her perspective. So anyway, keep reading the story, and enjoy! xxx
