
(Brooke's POV)

"Brooke!!!" My mother called for the hundredth time this morning.

"I'm up," I groaned as I got out of bed.

Our morning routine continued as my mom yelled and I walk downstairs, already ready.

"Ready for school baby" she asked.

"No" I simply said.

As you probably don't know, I get bullied at school, every day at every class, and sometimes on the way home. I dreaded school so much. I don't even know why we go to school. I mean, who needs to find the area of a cylinder.
But anyway, the bully.......

He doesn't do his work and yet gets average grades. He's athletic. He's five feet two inches weighing 120 pounds. His birthday, January 9th. He's seventeen. He's actually the school charmer, with his brown eyes and hair pushed to the side, and also the jaw line that can kill you.
What's his name again??

Brent.

Yes, it really is..... Brent Rivera.

I hate school because of him. Him and his friends make the school day go on forever. All they want to do is bully me. Ever since the sixth grade, up to know, which is tenth grade, he has been torturing me.

"Brooke, snap out of it. Lets go you're gonna be late," my annoying mother said.
I got my backpack and rushed to put my shoes on. I jumped into the front seat of the car. And before I got to put my seatbelt on, some car already hit my mom's. I flew forward and hit my face. I can already tell my nose was bleeding by the warm feeling.

My mom jumped out of the car and rushed to the spot where the car hit. I looked on the mirror to see the dent. It wasn't bad, but to my mom, it was. She got back in and continued to drive me to school. She had already called the police and told them that it was a hit and run.

By the time we reached school, the bell had rang. I was late. My mom had to drop me in the school. While she was signing me in, I could see Brent and his friends waiting in the classroom.The gave me my late pass and I walked into class thinking about my great morning. (Note the sarcasm.)

I gave the teacher my pass, while looking for an empty seat. There was only one, and that was in front of Brent. I knew that he planned this. I sat down and started listening to the teacher.

"So class, how was your New Year's/ Christmas weekend." She asked. As usual, no one answered. But she continued anyway.

"It's January first and I would like to finish this year easily, so no fooling around. Now I'm giving you this assignment, and what you have to do is..."

I felt my chair rocking. I turned around to see Brent kicking my chair. He stopped after a while, but that was because he was tired of it. He wouldn't listen to me even if I said I had a million dollars. Well..... he probably would just to take it.