
"So how do we find them?" Kono asked. Everyone looked at me.
"What!?" I asked.
"You've basically answered every single question, so you probably know how to find them too" Danny said.
"I do"I said turning back to the computer and tracing the last email that was sent. "Here it is. It's at a penthouse downtown, and it also shows that they are having a gala tonight at seven."
"Alright then, now all we have to do is get in and find the guy who shot our victim" Uncle Steve said.
"Easier than that, your murderer is most likely this man" I said pulling up a picture of Anthony Giovanni Dona, known mobster and on Interpol watch list. "This is Anthony Giovanni Dona, heir to the head of family, now."
"What do you mean how?" Kono asked.
"I mean that your victim was Dona's brother, Leo. He was supposed to become the head of the family but now it's Anthony" I said. "Oh, and he probably knows who you guys are, so getting into that gala is going to be very difficult."
"So let me get this straight, Anthony kills his brother because he wants to be the head of the family?" Danny asked.
"Yep" I replied.
"So how do we get in?" Kono asked.
"Kylie? Any ideas?" Uncle Steve asked. I knew he hated how much I was helping with this case, because he promised my dad that he would protect me.
"Me? Well, I have one but you're not going to like it" I said.

I was dressed in a black dress with black boots and holding my violin and bow. The gala already started when I arrived. I walked in and noticed all the people, which made me glad that I would go unnoticed by mostly everyone. The plan was to find Anthony Giovanni and get information confirming he killed his brother and then Five-0 would come in and arrest him. It was my idea to go in undercover to get the information because I'm not Five-0.  I walked over to where the other musicians were and started playing my violin with their tune. It took one whole song before I spotted Anthony Giovanni.
"I've got eyes on him" I said into my earpiece that kept me in touch with Uncle Steve and Chin.
"Good try and get the information" Danny said.
"I'm going" I said and made my way over to Anthony Giovanni.
"Excuse me" I said politely.
"Can I help you?" he asked.
"Um... I was wondering if I could take to you for my blog?" I asked.
"What's a little girl like you want to talk to me about?" he asked smiling.
"Oh, it's just a lot of my friends back home wanted to know how your gang got so big and popular" I said.
"Is that so?"
"Yeah. They are interested in how you can do all the things you do and not get caught by Interpol."
"Follow me and I'll tell you" he told me and started walking towards a study.

Steve's POV:
We were monitoring the scene waiting for the moment to go in and arrest Anthony Giovanni. Kylie went in undercover and I didn't like that because I felt as if I was breaking a promise to her dad.
"Steve" Danny said getting my attention. "Kylie just got confirmation on how Dona got away from being arrested by Interpol."