
"Now you know Latin?" Danny asked, obviously still shocked at how smart I was.
"That's how I know French, Spanish and Italian" I said finishing up the translation. "Okay so from what I translated, you're dealing with a gang, but not a normal gang because apparently they use Latin. I'm thinking it may be an Italian gang, probably one that has been around for a long time."
"How the hell do you know about Italian gangs?" Danny said.
"Really, me knowing about Italian gangs is not the weirdest thing I've told you" I said, "and I know about Italian gangs because my dad used to work for Interpol investigating gangs. Wait, look at this symbol." I pulled up a symbol that caught my eye. The symbol was some weird crest that looked ancient. I couldn't place where I'd seen the symbol but I knew t looked familiar.
"What it mean?" Steve asked.
"I don't know but I've seen it before" I said and ran back to Uncle Steve's office to grab my sketchbook. I started flipping through it looking for a drawing I did when I was little. When I found it I scanned the words I wrote on it. I drew the same symbol as what was on the screen when I was six and was in my dad's office. He was teaching me history and was telling me about an ancient Italian group who used to make human sacrifices and were known to be mystics; he also told me that they still exist today and that they were a modern crime family.
"I've got it" I said showing them my drawing.
"It still doesn't tell us anything about the symbol" Kono said.
"Actually it does. I remember my dad telling me that the symbol represents an ancient Italian group who used to be mystics, but now they are a crime family. Apparently Interpol has been searching for them for years but every time they get close, they fall off the radar" I explained.
"So now all we have to do is find them" Uncle Steve said grabbing a gun and bulletproof vest.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, you can't go into a major gang family guns blazing" I said.
"Why?" Uncle Steve asked.
"They will see from a mile away, and they have hit men surrounding their entire building, and you still don't know where they are" I said.
"So how do we find them?" Kono asked.