
Kylie's POV:
Loose ends? I shuddered when he said that. Being tied to a chair didn't help and it was taking Five-0 a long time to get here. I struggled to free myself from the duck tape I was tied with. Before Dona could pull the trigger there was a commotion outside. Dona went to check and when he opened the door Uncle Steve and Danny came in.
"Put down the gun and get on your knees" Uncle Steve said.
"What makes you think I'm going to do that" Dona said and started shooting at Uncle Steve and Danny. They ducked out of the way and Danny came to help me and Uncle Steve went after Dona. Danny cut me loose and we started heading towards the door. Someone grabbed my hair and pulled me back.
"One wrong move and I pull the trigger and she dies" Dona said. Uncle Steve and Danny put their guns down, and I looked at Uncle Steve. He had a worried look on his face but he gave me a slight nod. There was one thing Dona forgot about me, I am a second degree black belt and national youth MMA winner. I grabbed Dona's wrist and twisted it hard so that he would drop the gun, then I elbowed him in his stomach, and flipped him over my shoulder. When he was on the ground I bent his arm back so that he wouldn't be able to move.
"Remind me never to sneak up on her" Danny said coming up next to me and cuffing Dona.
"Anthony Giovanni Dona you are under arrest for the murder of Leonardo Dona and illegal drug trafficking" Uncle Steve said.
"And the murder of my dad" I added not daring to look at either Uncle Steve or Danny. I knew what expression was on their face but I didn't want to see it. Uncle Steve and Danny led Dona out of the room and I followed. Chin, Kono, and Catherine were already waiting for us when we exited the room. No one asked me any questions and I was grateful, but I knew Uncle Steve was going to be asking me about it later. Out of the corner of my eye I saw someone who looked familiar. When I looked over I saw my dad's boss at Interpol. He must have been trying to get Dona like us. I ran back to the group and we left with Dona in handcuffs.
*
*
*
After Uncle Steve and I got home I headed up to my room. I didn't want to talk about Dona because I would break. My dad's death was hard on me. It was only me and him for so long because my mom died when I was four of cancer.  Finding my dad's murderer just brought back all of the memories of my dad and I just wanted to crawl in bed.
"We have to talk, Kylie" Uncle Steve said.
"I'd rather not" I said not turning around because then Uncle Steve would see the tears in my eyes.
"You may not but we still have to. What did Dona say to you?" he asked me and I almost lost it.
"Please, I don't want to talk about it" I said holding in the tears.
"Kylie, please just tell me" Uncle Steve said and I lost it. I turned around and I couldn't hold in the tears. I collapsed on the stairs crying and Uncle Steve just came over and hugged me.
In between sobs I said, "Dona was the one who killed my dad and tried to kill me." Uncle Steve didn't say anything and just let me cry on his shoulder.

Steve's POV:
Kylie told me that Dona was the man who had her dad murdered. She was crying so hard I was afraid that she might get sick. I promised her dad that she would be fine but I didn't know that she was hiding all her grief. She told me that she was fine but I knew she was lying. When Kylie finally calmed down, I saw that she was falling asleep so I lifted her up and brought her to her room. I figured tomorrow Kylie would want to do something fun tomorrow to forget about this so that's what I planned on doing.