
Kylie's POV:
When I got to the beach my friend Colin was already waiting for me. He was tan like me and had brown hair and green eyes. His bathing suit was still dry, so I knew he was waiting for me.
"Hey Colin" I said putting my board in the sand.
"Hey Kylie. How's your first week of being back on the island been?" he asked me.
"Well, I've already helped solve a case" I said.
"What!?" Colin asked as he almost choked on coconut water.
"Yeah.  Being able to speak five different languages is actually a big help" I said picking up my surfboard.
"So you solved a case because you can speak different languages? That's pretty awesome, you know that right" Colin said following me into the water.
"Well thank you for saying I'm awesome" I said as I plunged into the water.
After about two hours of surfing, Colin and I got hungry and headed to Kamekona's for some food. We both enjoyed shrimp, and it seemed like a good way to end the day. I had one more hour before I had to be home, so after we got our food we decided to play twenty questions.
"Okay, first question: How was your first year of actual school?" Colin asked me.
"It was okay, I kind of like homeschooling better. My turn, How was your second year of being hoeschooled?" I asked him. Two years ago, Colin started going pro for surfing and started to be homeschooled so he could surf more.
"It's actually pretty fun. I've gone night surfing a lot more. Question two: How is living with a Navy- Seal?" Colin asked. We went on like that for the next eighteen questions. When we got to the last five Colin started getting more personal.
"So how are you doing after you dad's death?" he asked.
"I'm fine" I said. I already finished my twenty questions and so it was just Colin who had questions left.
"Are you really fine? You haven't talked about him at all."
"I'm really fine. There's nothing really to say" I said. I didn't want to really talk about it anyways. If I did I would fall apart.
"Whatever you say, but I don't believe you" Colin said throwing our food away.
"You sound like my Uncle Steve" I said grabbing my board. I told Colin goodbye and headed back to the house.  All I wanted to do was take a shower and watch tv.

Steve's POV:
I knew Kylie would be home soon so I finished the paperwork and headed out.  Kylie and a boy, she's only fifteen, how can she be friends with a boy.
"How does she know a boy?" I asked Danny. Kono and Catherine laughed when I asked the question. "What's so funny?"
"You. That's whats funny. Kylie is fifteen, she's old enough to be friends with boys" Catherine said.
"No she's not" Danny said, coming to my aid.
"Really, guys. She's old enough to be friends with boys, we're not saying dating" Kono said.
"Still" I said. Kono and Catherine sighed at my attitude towards the situation. I left after that heading back to the house to make sure Kylie actually listened to me about being back at two.
When I got to the house the door was unlocked and Kylie was on her laptop with headphones in. I couldn't see what she was typing so I decided to sneak up behind her.