
Kylie's POV:
"Uncle Steve! That's not fair" I yelled. Uncle Steve just told me that I was going to be spending my summer with him at Five-0 headquarters.
"Don't raise your voice. It's so I can make sure you'll be safe" Uncle Steve said.
You're not being fair. I know how to protect myself" I said irritated that Uncle Steve wasn't being fair.
You could have been killed the other night."
"I wasn't. Please! What am I supposed to all day?" I asked crossing my arms.
"You can help around the office" Uncle Steve told me.
"This is fucking ridiculous" I said stomping upstairs. Uncle Steve sighed and I knew I would be in trouble for swearing but I didn't care. I'm so used to  being able to go places by myself and now Uncle Steve won't let me out of his sight.
"Now you're grounded for swearing" Uncle Steve said coming into my room.
"Everyone my age swears and I only said one" I said grabbing paintbrushes.
"I don't care. You live here and I'm not going to accept swearing" he told me.
"Fine, I won't swear, but I'm not spending everyday at Five-0" I said.
"For now you are" he told me and left my room.
For the past week I've done but draw, and play on my laptop in Uncle Steve's office. Today Uncle Steve and Danny had to investigate a lead they were working on. I was headed to the bathroom to wash my brushes when I heard Kono swear under her breath.
"What's wrong, Kono?" I asked.
"The computer just crashed and I have no clue why" she told me, rebooting the computer. The computer started to show codes. Most were regular, standard codes except for one at the end. The last code was a virus.
"Kono, someone put a virus on the computer" I said.
"What?" she asked.
"The last code is a virus. What were you doing before the computer crashed?" I asked typing codes in, trying to get the virus out.
"We were investigating a house and found the computer at the rime scene and I was trying to get the information off of it. What are you doing?"
"I learned a lot of different things growing up. My dad to me all about computers as one of my school requirements. Computers and languages being one of them" I said working on ridding the computer of the virus and saving the information.
"What didn't your dad teach you?" Kono asked.
"Skydiving" I replied not looking up. I was still working on getting rid of the virus when Uncle Steve and Danny walked in.
"What's going on?" Steve asked.
"The computer we found contained a virus and almost wiped the computer" Kono explained.
"So... what exactly are you doing?" Danny asked me.
"I'm getting rid of the virus" I said. "Done."
"Wait, so you know MMA, Karate, play soccer, know five languages and you can get a computer virus off of a computer?" Danny asked shocked.
"Yep. Like I said I was homeschooled so my curriculum for school was different. Languages, and computer engineering being part of that" I said pulling up the information on the computer. The information on the computer was coded and when I decoded it, it was in Latin.
"Damn, your guy was good at keeping his information hidden" I said trying to translate the information and put it in English for the others to see.