
Kylie's POV:
I'm eligible to be a junior agent at Interpol and my uncle said I could work for him to get my credits. Do I want to be a junior agent? I don't know. Should I? Hell, my dad lied to me and trained me to be one, without me knowing. Who says I should be one? It is my decision. I didn't want to face Uncle Steve because he would have asked me what I chose, and I can't deal with all of the questions that would follow.
"Hey Kylie. Want some company?" a voice said. I turned around and I saw Catherine standing behind me.
"Sure, why not. How did you know I was here?" I asked. I was currently sitting on a cliff overlooking the shore. It was the same place I came to my first night here.
"It was where you came your first night here. Steve told me about the Interpol junior agent thing. To be honest, it would be awesome to have another girl on the team" she told which made me laugh.
"Seriously?" I asked, and Catherine nodded. "I don't know Cat. I mean I've always wanted to be an Interpol agent but I never thought I would start at fifteen."
"Not many people get this opportunity and you would be stupid not to take it" she told me and I knew she was right but I was upset with my dad for not telling me.
"My dad never told me, and from what I found out, I would be one of the best if I join" I told her.
"So do it" she told me.
"But won't I have a target on my back? Isn't that why my dad got murdered?"
"You're good at making up names to hid your real identity, and Steve told me when you were little you were always dressing up and pretending to be someone else, so I think you'll be fine" Catherine said and smiled at me. I sighed and Catherine obviously knew what I was going to do because she handed me her phone. "Call your dad's boss."
I called Agent Carson and told him I would do it, and soon enough I had a badge and a gun and was helping out at Five-0. Sure, I'm only fifteen but hey I'm skilled enough to be a junior agent, who says working for Five-0 would be harder.
"Welcome to the team, kiddo" Chin told me.
"Thanks" I replied.
"Good luck" Danny told me and patted my shoulder. "You'll need it."
"Why?" I asked laughing.
"Have you ever ridden in a car with Steve? He's a maniac" Danny said, "and you get shot at on a daily basis."
"Good to know and I knew about the driving thing already" I said. I knew that Uncle Steve offered me the job but I don't think he thought I was actually going to do it, but here I am fifteen and working for Five-0.  I've already helped on two cases and this case was my third. A woman was found dangling from a tree. It looked like she was hanged but from what Max told Kono was that she was killed by something else. The cause of actual death still hasn't been told. From what I saw it seemed like she fought to stay alive and on her neck was a small incision like a small needle was there. That could have something to do with her death.
"Hey Kylie, Max just called saying he found the actual cause of death and needs to see me. Want to come?" Kono asked.
"Sure" I replied and followed Kono out of HQ. When we got to Max's office he was just taking off his gloves.
"Hey Max what did you find?" Kono asked.
"Well, I found that our victim was not killed by being hanged but by small needle like incisions found on the rope" Max said.
"I knew it" I said under my breath.
"What?" Kono asked.
"Well, when we were at the crime scene I saw that she had small marks on her neck that don't come from a rope and when I looked closely I saw that she didn't really bleed so the needles had to be small enough like sewing needles" I explained.
"Exactly. When I got a closer look at the rope I saw small little needles in bedded in the rope. I think our killer was skilled at making ropes. Somewhat like..." Max stated but I cut him off at the end.
"A fisherman or a sailor" I said.
"Exactly" Max said.