
One month later

Kylie's POV:
I can't believe I've been in Hawaii for a month now, and everyday Uncle Steve has asked if I was okay. I told him I was fine because I am, I just don't want to be asked that question. My dad's death is a touchy subject and it's one thing to ask if someone is okay after a death but not for a month.
"Hey annoying musician scientist" Colin said when I sat down at a table at Kamekona's.
"Okay, one I am not annoying, I am amazing and two I am a crazy scientist. Now what was so important you had to see me in person?" I asked him.
"Guess what I did?" he asked.
"Please tell me you didn't call me all the way down here because you got drunk last night" I said.
"What!? No, I called you down here to tell you that I got you a job."
"I'm fifteen, who would hire me?" I asked thinking that Colin was just joking.
"The science museum has a new exhibit and need someone to give the tour and I signed you up" he told me with a creepy grin. "It's only for the opening night and you get to help finish the exhibit."
"Oh my God! Colin! Thank you!" I exclaimed and hugged him.
"Well, they sort of need you there now because the exhibit opens tonight" he said.
"What!? You could have told me" I said standing up. "Shit!, I have to tell my uncle or else he'll kill me." I took my phone out of my pocket and dialed Uncle Steve's number.
"Hey Kylie what's up?" he asked.
"Not much, except that I'm giving the tour for the new exhibit at the science museum tonight and you told me to always call when my plans for the day change, so that's what I'm doing" I said.
"Okay, I'll see you tonight then" he said and hung up. I was so excited.
When the time came to give the tour I was extremely nervous. Five-0 already arrived which calmed my nerves a bit. They all gave me a little pep talk. The exhibit was about ancient civilizations and their impact on science, which is one of my favorite topics. Everyone got quiet and I stepped up on the platform to give the tour, which is more like a speech with pictures playing behind me.
"Hello everyone, I'm Kylie and I'll be your tour guide for the evening" I began. "Ancient civilizations, their works of science are still a mystery to us all. No matter how much modern scientists try to figure out how the ancients didn't we can never really know what they did. Take a look at the ancient Egyptians, we don't know for sure how they built the pyramids only theories. Although they are creative theories, they aren't the truth." I went on like that for the next hour. When I finished everyone clapped and cheered, and then a gunshot went off. Everyone ran trying to get away and I lost sight of Uncle Steve. I saw the man who got shot and the shooter smiling at me. Without thinking I spun around and followed the crowd outside. If there was one thing I was good at was hiding in crowds. Mostly because I'm short.  When I got outside I still couldn't find Uncle Steve, Danny, Kono, Chin or Catherine. I tripped and fell, before I could get up, I heard a click of a gun. I slowly turned around to see the guy from before, the one who shot the innocent man.
"Hello Kylie" the man said.