
"Great now all we need is the confirmation of him killing his brother Leo" I said.
"So how does family play in to being a good gang? I've actually read that you are the youngest under your brother Leo, who was supposed to be the head" Kylie said.
"Oh yes, well, family is important  but my brother wasn't fit to be the head of the family" Dona said.
"Why not?" Kylie asked. Come on Kylie, you almost have him, I thought.
"He wanted to work with Interpol and stop our drug cartels, so I took care of him" Dona said and that's all we needed to go in and get him.

Kylie's POV:
"What do you mean you took care of him?" I asked even though I knew the answer and that Five-0 was already on their way up.
"I killed him" Dona said with a wicked smile.
"Wow, well, thank you for your time, sir. It was a pleasure" I said standing up.
"What's your rush?" he asked me.
"The story is so good that I want to post it tonight to my friends" I said.
"What did you day your name was?" he asked me. I didn't want to tell him my real name so I faked it.
"Francisca Sanos" I said.
"Are you sure? You look more like a McGarrett or an O'Mara" he told me. Holy Shit! Uncle Steve better get up here soon or this is not going to end well.
"Excuse me" I said trying to act shocked.
"You really believe that I didn't see Five-0 pull up and you get out their car? You must think me a fool?" he told me walking towards me. I backed up but I bumped into someone and when I turned around I saw a big guy about six feet behind me. He grabbed my arms and tied me to a chair.
"How did you know my last name?" I asked.
"That's simple, I had your father killed because he was close to actually succeeding in arresting me and I couldn't let that happen. Oh and the other night at the museum, that was me trying to fix loose ends" Dona told me. I was shocked because my dad was killed because this man in front of me had him killed. Then he had me almost killed because I was loose ends. He left me orphaned. God, I hope he pays.
"You bastard" I said tears coming to my eyes.
"Thank you" he told me. Dona picked up a gun and pointed it at me. "I have nothing against you but I can't have loose ends running around."