
Even though Astrid sent me that air mail(something Fishlegs and I made up with Terrible Terrors, who are extra territorial. And she thought it was stupid at first.) I had to go tell her in person. She'd understand better.
I sighed.
"Toothless...?" My Night Fury looked up at me and gave me a light purr.
"Should I go tell Astrid? No, s-she just w-won't understand." He looked at me and motioned his head towards Astrid's house.
"Yeah, bud, we should go tell her before we randomly disappear." We ran down the stairs and off to Astrid's house!

When I got to her house, I knocked on the door.
Unfortunately, Astrid's dad, Kristoff answered the door. I saw her little 7 ½ year old brother, Sherman, behind him.
I backed up slowly.
"Uh... h-hi M-Mr. Hofferson. I-I-Is Astrid h-home?" I asked stuttering.
"What do you want with my daughter?" Kristoff asked, threatening to punch me.
Luckily, Astrid's mom, Anna saved my ass.
"Kristoff, leave the poor boy alone," she pushed him away and gestured upstairs.
"Astrid's in her room, come on in."
"Thanks, Mrs. Hofferson." I said closing the door behind me.
"No problem, dear. You're always welcome here!" Her husband shot her an evil look, but she shot him one back, even more intense.
"Yepp, you're always welcome here, boy!" Kristoff boomed up.
"Hi Hiccup," Astrid's adorable little brother, Sherman greeted me. He was short, had red spikey hair, with big circled glasses. Iruffled his hair
"Hey Sherman," I ran upstairs as fast as I could. I almost fell in the process.
I found her asleep in her bed, with her shirt pulled up. No blankets on, because it's really understandable. It was hot in here.
She was so peaceful, and I didn't want to wake her, so I wrote a note, placed carefully on her bare stomache, kissed her forehead, and left.

*Astrid's POV*
When I woke up I saw something on my stomache. A note, from Hiccup.
I read it, screamed and ran to the forge with nothing but my night clothes and boots.

*Hiccup POV*
I was in the forge, working on ideas for Toothless' tail, but I can't seem to focus. All my mind thought about, was worrying about Astrid. How much I'll miss her.
I threw charcoal pen across my desk in frustration. Then I heard a scream.
Not just any scream. It was Astrid's adorable scream.
I saw her crying into her hands, she didn't stop running until she landed in my arms.
She sobbed into my chest, and wrapped her arms around my narrow, skinny waist.
"Astrid..."