
Kylie's POV:
I was twirling my pen as I tried to remember the answer to one of the questions on my chemistry final. The test itself wasn't hard; I already knew the answers due to me being home schooled most of my life. This year was the first year I was attending actual school. It was strange but I liked it.
"Kylie O'Mara please come to the office" the intercom said. That was strange I was never called to the office, unless it was an emergency. I circled a random answer on my test and handed it into my teacher, then grabbed my backpack and left the classroom.
When I got to the office, the secretary gave me a look of sympathy. I started to get really nervous because I knew something was wrong. The secretary let me into the principal's office. Mr. Oliver, my principal, turned around. He, too, gave me a look of sympathy.
"Mr. Oliver, what's wrong?" I asked nervously.
"I'm sorry, Kylie, but your dad is dead" he told me. I couldn't believe it. My dad couldn't be dead. We were supposed to fly to Hawaii and see my uncle in three days. He can't be.
"He can't be" I whispered.

One month later

No one's POV:

Kylie stood over the grave as the priest said prayers to bless her dad's soul. Everyone was crying but she had no tears left. She didn't want to believe her dad was dead but looking at the casket, she knew he was. The priest and everyone attending the funeral left, but Kylie still didn't look up from the casket. She didn't even hear someone come up behind her.
"You know he wouldn't want you to stay sad" a voice said. Kylie knew that voice. It was her uncle Steve. Her uncle was a Navy-Seal and was also the head of a task force in Hawaii. Every summer and every vacation, Kylie and her dad would go and visit. Kylie's dad and her Uncle Steve both served together and they just kept in touch after. Kylie spun and around and hugged him tightly.
"Why did someone have to shoot him, Uncle Steve?" she asked.
"I don't know, Kylie" he replied. "Hey, your dad told me that if anything was to happen to you, that I was to take care of you. So, are you okay with coming to live in Hawaii with me?"
"Hell yeah" Kylie said smiling for the first time in a month.
One week later, Kylie was all packed to move to Hawaii. Her uncle had to go back early to help solve a case. Kylie didn't mind taking a plane by herself, but her uncle didn't like the idea. Eventually he gave in and Kylie was on a plane to Hawaii. Kylie made sure to bring everything important, which meant her violin, guitar and paints and paintbrushes.
"I can take a cab, Uncle Steve" Kylie said as she got off the pane and headed to baggage claim.
"No, you already flew in by yourself, i'm not letting you take a cab by yourself" he said.
"Wow, overprotective much" Kylie said sarcastically.
"I only want to make sure you get home safe" Steve said.
"Don't worry. I've taken cabs home before and I was on the mainland which is a lot bigger than here" Kylie explained.
"I don't care. Look I'm on a case right now" Steve started to say.
"Even more reason for me to take a cab" Kylie interjected.
"I was going to say that I can get Chin to pick you up at the airport."