
"Hello Kylie" the man said. How does he know my name? I know I haven't seen him before, so how does he know me. I tried to slowly back away but he just kept advancing.
"Where are you going little one? Don't you know it's rude to walk away from someone who's talking to you" the man said pointing the gun at my head. Before he could pull the trigger I heard another gun go off and the man fall to the ground dead.
"Kylie!" I heard someone say. I looked over and saw Danny. I got up and ran over to him giving him a big hug. "It's okay Kylie."
"He knew my name Uncle Danny" I said shakily. Danny looked at me very worried.
"Let's go Kylie. Steve needs to know about this" Danny said and led me away from the dead shooter.  It didn't make sense. How did the guy know my name? Who was he? I glanced behind me at the dead man, but I still couldn't think of if I knew him. I'm pretty sure I don't. When we got to where Steve, Kono, Catherine and Chin were, I didn't want to tell Uncle Steve about the incident with the shooter, but before I could do anything Danny explained everything to him. He looked at me with a look of protectiveness and worry.
"Are you okay?" Kono asked me.
"Yeah, I'm fine, just a little shaken" I said. No one else asked me about the incident and a few minutes later I was sitting in Uncle Steve's truck headed home. When we got home, I went up to my room. I changed into pajamas and crawled into bed. I didn't want to recall anything from tonight because I was scared that something else was going to happen. I heard a knock at my door and Uncle Steve walked in. He didn't say anything just hugged me tightly.
"Are you okay, Uncle Steve?" I asked.
"I'm just glad nothing happened to you" he told me.
"He knew my name, Uncle Steve" I said.
"I know, but don't worry about anything, he won't try to hurt you" he told me. "Goodnight, Kylie."
"Goodnight, Uncle Steve." With that he left and I fell asleep.

No one's POV:
The shooting at the exhibit opening left everyone shaken, especially because no one could tell why someone wanted to kill Kylie. Steve was worried even more Kylie and wanted to make sure that she would be safe, but he didn't know what to do.
"You can't do that to her. She'll feel like you're being overprotective" Danny said after Steve explained his plan of taking Kylie to Five-0 headquarters everyday, instead of letting her hang out with her friends at the beach and the mall.
"He already is overprotective" Catherine piped up from the computer.
"I'm not being overprotective, I just want to make sure she'll be safe" Steve said.
"She is a fifteen year old girl, who, by the way, grew up with a soldier dad who worked for Interpol, she knows how to fight, because she used to do MMA, also Karate, and still does soccer. I'm pretty sure if anything happens to Kylie, she will be able to fend for herself" Catherine said.
"Wait, Kylie used to do mixed martial arts?" Danny asked shocked.
"Yeah, her dad signed her up when she was little" Steve explained.
"Yeah, I think she can fend for herself" Danny said.
"Until we know who exactly that man was the other night, Kylie comes here everyday until I deem it safe for her" Steve said heading out the door.
"So basically for the next three years until she goes to college, Kylie will come here? Nice Mr. I'm not overprotective" Danny said and patted Steve's shoulder.
Kylie was hanging out with her friends Caitlyn and Carey at a local music shop. Carey wanted to test out some drums and Caitlyn just wanted to play around. Kylie on the other hand was pricing guitars to save up for.
"I like this drum" Carey yelled while playing the maroon drum. Kylie laughed and continued looking at guitars. She knew after the other night Uncle Steve was not going to let her out of his sight, but for now she enjoyed being out with her two friends. To her it was funny that all three of her friends had names that started with a C. Kylie was looking at red lead guitar, that was only three hundred and fifty dollars. Maybe if I help Uncle Steve around Five-0 headquarters he'll buy me the guitar, Kylie thought. If only Kylie knew that she didn't have a choice to help out at Five-0 headquarters.