
Kylie's POV:
Chin came and got me from the airport and although I was fine taking a cab, I really didn't want to. When we got into the car Chin told me that he had to and follow up on a lead that Five-0 was working on and that I had to go with him. I told him it was fine and we headed to the house where Chin had to interview a witness. When we got to the house, an old woman opened the door.
"Bonjour, puis-je vous aider?" the woman said in French. She obviously didn't know English. (translation: Hello, can I help you?)
"Miss Jacqueline, I'm Lieutenant Chin Ho Kelly, can I ask you a few questions?" Chin asked and was met with a confused look from the woman.
" Mlle Jacqueline , il est lieutenant- Chin Ho Kelly , il veut vous poser quelques quesitons . Est- ce que ça te ?" I said in French back to her. (translation: Miss Jacqueline, he is Lieutenant Chin Ho Kelly, he wants to ask you a few quesitons. Is that alright with you?) Chin looked at me shocked.
"What? I know French, it's not that big of a deal" I said. The woman nodded her head and let us inside. I acted as a translator as Chin asked the woman questions. She told us that the victim was her son and she that he was having trouble with some of his friends that he worked with, but that's all she knew. I felt really bad for her because she lost her son, and worse was he was murdered.
After we finished talking to the woman, Chin and I went back to Five-0 headquarters. We dropped my stuff off at my uncle Steve's. When we walked in and saw my uncle's other coworkers. Danny, Kono and Steve were all around the computer. When they saw us walk in Danny and Kono smiled, excited to see me.
"Hey guys" I said.
"Hey Kylie" they both said.
"Okay so the information you sent over was really helpful. Our vic's coworkers are part of a local gang that works in moving drugs" Kono said.
"Actually, Kylie got the information" Chin said.
"What?" Steve asked, obviously angry that I went with Chin.
"The mother didn't speak any English, only French and Kylie translated" Chin said.
"You know French?" Danny asked.
"Yeah and Spanish, Greek, and Italian" I said.
"How?" he asked still surprised.
"Homeschooling is really effective" I said.
With my help with translating, the team caught the killer and stopped a drug deal. I felt proud of myself but my Uncle Steve was still kind of upset.  One week after I arrived things were going great, except for the fact that my uncle refused to let me go anywhere unless I told him. One day I grabbed my surfboard and I was headed out to meet my friend Colin when Steve stopped me.
"Where are you going?" he asked when he got out of the Camaro that is actually Danny's but he drives.
"I'm going surfing with a friend" I said not wanting to tell him my friend is a boy.
"With who?" he asked.
"I told a friend" I said.
"What is this friend's name?" Steve asked obviously annoyed with me not actually answering him. Danny was laughing from behind him.
"Obviously her friend is a boy?" Danny said.
"Danny!" I yelled.
"Is your friend a boy?" Steve asked.
I sighed but answered him. "Yes and his name is Colin, but he is just a friend."
"You've only been here a week, how do you have a friend already?" Steve asked not happy with Colin being a boy.
"I've come here every summer and vacation, that's how I already have a friend. I'm originally from the island, you know" I said.
"Fine, but you have to be back by two" Steve said.
"Deal."
I left with smirking Danny and a stunned looking Steve. Living with Uncle Steve is going to be hard, especially when it comes to boys. Since, I've been here, only a week, Uncle Steve has grown protective and it's getting pretty annoying. I didn't know it was going to be this hard.