
A/N: Okay so the picture above is just a funny picture I found online. Hope you guys like it.
Steve's POV:
I watched as Kylie passed out and dragged out of the warehouse. When we entered the warehouse there were only two guards and five minutes later there were almost ten fighting  us. I saw Kylie dragged out of the warehouse, and I ran after the both of them. There was a promise I had to keep.
Kylie's POV:
I started to regain consciousness and when I was more aware of my surroundings I found that I was no longer in the warehouse but being carried to a small plane. When I was fully aware of everything, I moved my elbow and hit my dad's brother hard in the nose. He dropped me and I rolled away, but I wasn't fast enough. He grabbed me by my hair and started dragging me to the plane.
"You stupid bitch!" he said to me. I wasn't going down without a fight and so I swung my arm back and punched my dad's brother in the face. He let go of my hair and I swung around and kicked him hard. I turned quickly but before I could run away I was met with a gun in my face.
"I wouldn't try anything" the man holding the gun told me. He looked Asian and one side of his face was burned and he was wearing a black shirt with black pants and shoes. My instincts kicked in and I grabbed the knife that was hidden in my pocket, but just as I pulled the knife out the man grabbed my wrist and twisted it. I whimpered in pain and dropped the knife. He held the knife to my head and started leading me to the plane. We passed my dad's brother and the man point blank shot him. I jumped,scared.
"KYLIE!" someone yelled from behind. I turned to see Uncle Steve running towards us with his gun raised. The man holding me turned and started shooting at Uncle Steve. I took this as my chance to get away, but this guy's grip on my arm was tight and I couldn't get away. Uncle Steve ducked behind some crates and the burned man started dragging me to the plane. When we got to the stairs of the plane Uncle Steve reappeared holding his gun steady.
"Let her go" Uncle Steve said.
"Alright" the man said and before he pushed me off the steps of the plane he threw something in my face. I didn't see what it was but it made me start coughing. I landed hard on the ground and Uncle Steve ran over to me.
"Kylie, Kylie are you okay?" he asked me. I couldn't answer because I couldn't breath. I kept coughing and wheezing and it was getting really hard to stay aware of my surroundings. There was the start of a plane engine, some shooting and I could vaguely see Kono, Catherine, Danny, and Chin running towards us, but everything seemed far away and I was more concerned with getting oxygen into my lungs. I could hear my name but it sounded so far away. My eyes felt heavy and my chest really hurt.
Steve's POV:
Kylie was coughing and wheezing and she wasn't responding to anything I asked her. I asked her to talk me or show me a response of some kind and she tapped her chest. The last time she did that was when she was eight and I was babysitting her. I decided to take her to a farm and ten minutes after we arrived she started coughing and wheezing. She told me that she couldn't breath and I knew she was having an asthma attack. I looked down at her now and I knew that this asthma attack was a lot worse than when she was eight. Kylie kept closing her eyes and opening them slowly. I picked her up and started rushing back to the front.
"Kylie keep your eyes open please" I pleaded with her. "Call an ambulance quick."
"Steve what's happening?" Danny asked as he rushed to where SWAT was back at the front.
"Kylie's having an asthma attack. Wo Fat threw something in her face and then she started coughing" I explained to Danny. I looked down at Kylie and saw that her eyes were closed but she was still coughing and wheezing.