
Kylie's POV:
I was standing at the computer researching information on the case we were working on. I was still on paper work patrol because of my asthma attack but as of next week I can go back to helping the team outside of headquarters. The victim seemed to have been stabbed in the heart, or so we thought. Max sent over information saying that the vic was shot in the heart first and then stabbed. It didn't make any sense why would someone shoot a person in the heart and then stab them in the same place. The bullet wound itself would have already been enough to kill the victim. I was looking up on the data base to see if there were any suspected killings similar to the vic, and just as the information finished popping up my phone started ringing.
"Hey Max" I said when I answered. "What's up?"
"I found something that might be interesting about our killing" he told me. I knew that he would want me to see it.
"I'll be down there in five minutes" I said and printed out the information I was looking up previously.
When I got to Max's office he was playing the piano so I stood at his desk and waited for him to finish. After he finished I clapped because he was a talented pianist and I felt it was necessary for applause.
"Thank you Kylie" he told me and then he walked into his lab and put on gloves. I grabbed some gloves as well.
"Our victim indeed was shot before he was stabbed" Max started explaining.
"Yeah, I was looking to see if there were any similar killings in the data base" I explained.
"But that's not the only strange part of this murder, it was on the bullet that was strange" Max said and then showed me the bullet.
"Is that a name?" I asked.
"Indeed it is. It's our victim's name and on the other side is an inscription" Max said and put the bullet under the microscope for me to see the inscription.
"για Θάνατος" I said. (Meaning: For Thanatos). "For the Greek god of Death. That does not sound good."
"That's what I thought as well. Like you I researched to see if there were any similar M.O and there was only one. It was from fifty years ago. The murderer of those cases was caught and died in Halawa ten years ago" Max explained.
"So who would want to recreate these murders?" I asked. "Max how many of these types of murders have popped up in recent months?"
"Four, why do you ask?"
"I think we may have a guy who believes in pleasing a god. I've heard of the guy with the M.O and in his file it explained that he was a high priest of Thanatos, the Greek god of death. There's a small sector of Greek pagan believers but I've never heard of them believing in Thanatos" I said. "Also, the former Greek murderer, as he was called, was only able to kill three people, but I think they want and wanted to kill five."
"Commander Mcgarrett will want to hear about this" Max told me.
"I'm on it" I said heading to the door. "Thanks Max." I left the crime lab and headed back to headquarters. I looked up where the previous murders took place to try and figure out where the next murder would be and where.
"What's up Kylie? Did you get anything?" Uncle Steve asked when he picked up.
"Yeah. We're dealing with a serial killer. Our murder has killing four people already with the same M.O, he's recreating murders done by a Christian Core who died in Halawa ten years ago. Core is known as the Greek murderer because of what he carved into the bullets he killed his victims with. On one of the bullet he wrote the victims name and on the other side who wrote in Greek for Thanatos" I explained. "Our murder is recreating the murders and he only has one left."