
Kylie's POV:
I woke up and saw that I was in the hospital. Great. All I remembered was fighting to get away from the burned Asian guy then he threw something in my face making me cough and then everything went hazy after that. I looked over and saw that Uncle Steve was asleep on the chair next to me bed. The best I could I sat up quietly, so I wouldn't wake him.
"Don't worry he's probably out cold" Danny said walking in with two cups.
"Please tell me you have a french vanilla swirl iced coffee in one of those hands for me?" I asked.
"No it's for Steve actually. I heard he really likes french vanilla iced coffee" Danny said sarcastically and started handing me the cup. "Wait, are you allowed to have coffee?"
"Yes I am. Now hand it over" I said reaching out and taking the coffee. I was so happy to have coffee, even though my chest still hurts a little.
"So how are you feeling?" Danny asked me sitting on the couch on the other side of the room.
"Well, besides the fact that it feels like an elephant sat on my chest, I'm perfectly fine. Especially now that I have coffee. Thanks again" I said taking a sip of my coffee. "So.. uh... how long has he been here?"
"Since they put in the room" Danny said.
"It was that bad, huh?" I said and Danny nodded which made me sigh back into the pillow.
"Oh and the doctor said to give you this when you woke up" Danny said and handed me an inhaler. I groaned. Last time I had an inhaler as when I was eight and I had an asthma attack. I was on the inhaler for a month but this time I think I'm going to be on the inhaler for longer.
"Great" I said sarcastically. "I hope he knows his neck is going to be soar when he wakes up." I looked over at him and I saw a perfect opportunity to do something I knew I would get in trouble for later. On the table near Danny I saw a Sharpie and I knew I had to prank Uncle Steve. "Danny hand me the Sharpie."
"Why?" he asked picking it up.
"I am going to draw a mustache on Uncle Steve" I said holding my hand out for the marker.
"You do realize he is a Navy- Seal and is trained to wake up on an instant" Danny told me but handed me the Sharpie anyways.
"Well, my dad was one too, and I've done this to Steve before, so I think I'm good" I said and I started drawing a mustache on Uncle Steve.
"I bet you twenty bucks that he doesn't realize he has a mustache on his face until he gets back to HQ" I said to Danny.
"You're on" he said shaking my hand. When we let go Catherine, Kono and Chin walked in. After they saw Steve's face they all burst out laughing, which woke Steve up.
"What's going on?" he asked stretching.
"Nothing" I replied which only gave me a weird look from him.
"Hey Steve, have a nice sleep" Chin asked trying to hold in a laugh.
After a while everyone left because they had to go finish a case they were working on. The doctor came in and told me that I was free to go but I had to take the inhaler every morning and every night before I went to bed for two months. That was just great, but at least I was cleared to go back to doing what I do. Which is solve crimes. Uncle Steve and I went back to HQ and everyone was standing around the computer, when they saw us they smiled. There was one person there that I didn't recognize though.
"Kylie, I would like you to meet Lou Grover, he's the captain of SWAT" Steve told me and I shook the man's hand.