
No one's POV:
Kylie was in her room painting when her Uncle Steve walked in.  Steve threw a towel and her bathing suit at her. Kylie looked up confused.
"Put it on we're going surfing" he told her and left. Kylie did as she was told and before she left her phone rang.
"Hello."
"Kylie! What's up bitch? Want to hang out?" Kylie's friend Caitlyn practically yelled into the phone.
"Lower your voice and I can't, I'm going surfing with my Uncle" Kylie replied.
"Your hot Uncle" Caitlyn said.
"Can you not."
"Not sorry, but when you're done let's hang out. Bye!" Caitlyn yelled and hung up.
Kylie and Steve were surfing for about two hours until they both got tired. Kylie was already on the shore when she got tackled by someone.
"Hey munchkin" her friend Caitlyn said.
"What are you doing here?" Kylie asked.
"I wanted to see your hot uncle" she said. Kylie got up and brushed herself off and Steve was just coming out of the water.
"PLEASE!!!" Caitlyn yelled and Kylie burst out laughing.
"Am I supposed to know what's going on?" Steve asked.
"Nope" Kylie replied quickly.
"I'm not going to ask. Hi Caitlyn" Steve said grabbing his towel from the back of his truck.
"You are one crazy friend" Kylie said. "What are you even doing here?"
"I wanted to tell you that Warped Tour is coming up and you still haven't gotten your ticket. Carey and I want to know if you're going."
"I don't know if I'm going yet. I still have to ask" Kylie said.
"McGarrett" Steve said. "On our way. Kylie let's go, I have a case."
"So, I'm guessing I'm still on McGarrett watch?" Kylie asked.
"Yes" Steve said getting into his truck. Kylie got in as well and they headed to Five-0 headquarters. When they got to headquarters there was man in a black suit standing outside.
"Hello Kylie" the man said.
"Agent Carson? What are you doing here?" Kylie asked. Agent Carson was Kylie's dad's boss. They worked together for as long as Kylie could remember.
"I need to talk to you" he said. Kylie looked at Steve and he nodded and went outside.
"What do you need to talk to me about?" Kylie asked.
"I wanted to talk you about what your dad wanted" he told Kylie.
"What do you mean? What did her want for me?" Kylie asked.
"Your dad wanted you to be a junior agent for Interpol, but her wanted you to make you the decision. Most junior agents don't have a choice, their parents decide for them, but your dad wanted you to grow up and make your own choice" Agent Carson explained.
"A junior agent? I'm not smart enough to be a junior agent. What about college?" Kylie asked. She couldn't believe her dad never told her about him wanting her to be junior agent.
"Actually you are smart enough to be a junior agent and with all of the things you've already learned from your father you would only have to do one year of college and then you would graduate. If you do decide to be a junior agent, you will have to do some work in the detective field first."
"One year of college and working in the detective field. Have you talked to my uncle?"
"I have. He told me that it will be up to you what you choose."
"Where would I work if I decide to become an agent?"
"I talked to your uncle and he said that if you decide to become an agent you could work for Five-0" Agent Carson said. "You don't have to choose right now. I' ll be in Hawaii for a week. I will have to know by the end of the week." With that Agent Carson left. Kylie couldn't believe it. Her dad wanted her to be a junior agent and he never told her. Kylie only had a week to decide whether or not she wanted to be a junior agent and she had no clue what to do.