
When Kono and I made it the wharf, sailors were just coming back in. They were all unloading their catches of the day. Kono and I have no clue where to start. All the sailors looked the same, and all the boats looked the same except for one. I saw one boat with some Greek lettering mixed with normal letters. There was also something else that caught my eye, a symbol of a skull with swords coming out its eyes.
"Kono look at that boat over there. Doesn't that symbol look familiar?" I asked Kono. The symbol looked like the symbol of a Greek gang that dealt with drug dealing.
"Yeah, it does. Come on let's go see if they know anything about our murder case" Kono said and we starting walking over to the boat. There was only one man on the boat. He was mid thirties, tough build and had a sleeve of tattoos.
"Excuse me, I'm Officer Kalakaua and this is Agent O'Mara, we're from Five-0. We just want to ask you a few questions" Kono said. No sooner did that leave her mouth did the guy start running away. We both sighed and started running after him. He tried to slow us down by throwing things in our path. Kono kept running after him but I ran down a side aisle and ran to intercept him. When I got to where I could cut him off I pulled a hose out and tripped him. He fell flat on his face, and I died laughing.
"I hope that didn't hurt much" I said as Kono handcuffed him.
"Has anyone told you that you are too much like Steve?" Kono asked me.
"Yes, actually Danny tells me everyday" I replied.
The guy we arrested turned out to be Grayson Varos, a hit man for a major Greek gang. He admitted to the killing of our victim, and killing other victims with the same M.O. I was finishing the paper work for Uncle Steve because for some reason he didn't want me getting hurt when they took down the gang. I didn't mind, even though I knew how to fight gangs, I just like being a part of the team. In all honesty I haven't been this happy since before my dad's death. I put the papers on Uncle Steve's desk and just when I left his office my phone rang.
"Hello" I said not checking the caller ID before I answered.
"Hello Kylie" a voice on the other end said.
"Who is this?" I asked.
"Oh, you know who I am. All you have to do is look at a family photo. There is someone here who would like to speak to you" the voice said. Family photo? I ran out of the office and started heading back.
"Kylie, who is this guy? He sort of looks like  a creepier version of David Morrisey. I'm kind of turned on" Carey said into the phone.
"Carey are you okay? What happened?" I asked frantic. Even though Carey sounded fine, I was freaking out inside.
"I was coming out of work when this guy grabbed me from behind and shoved me in a car. Who is he Kylie?" Carey asked.
"Meet me at the abandoned warehouse in Waikiki. Come alone and unarmed and your friend here won't get hurt. I'll see you soon, piccolo"  the man said and hung up. Piccolo? The only person who ever called me that was my uncle, but he was sent to prison for running a drug cartel out of Italy, when I was six. My dad said that he had nine year sentence. That would mean he would be out now. The rest of the team was just getting back and I just ran past them. I could hear Uncle Steve but I couldn't stop. My friend was kidnapped and I didn't know why. My phone started ringing and I saw it was Uncle Steve.
"Uncle Steve, now is not the best time" I said when I answered.
"We need to talk, where are you?" he asked me. "Why'd you run off?"
"I'm at the train station. I need to get up to Waikiki" I said as I got on the train.
"Why do you need to get to Waikiki?"
"My dad's brother, the former drug cartel leader just got out of prison and he kidnapped my friend Carey. He told me to come alone and unarmed."
"You can't do that Kylie.  Stay where you are, I'll be there soon" Steve said.
"No Uncle Steve, he'll kill you if you come. I need to go alone" I said and hung up. I turned off my phone because I know that Uncle Steve would trace my phone. Uncle Steve thinks my dad's brother is going to hurt me but I know that he wouldn't hurt me. Probably beat me but he needs me alive because he knows about my skills. He wants me.