
Steve's POV:
"Chin can you track Kylie's phone for me?" I asked when I got inside.
"Sure. Why did she run off earlier?" Chin asked me as he worked on getting a location on Kylie.
"Her friend got kidnapped and she ran off to Waikiki" I said.
"Who kidnapped her friend?" Kono asked.
"Her dad's brother, a former drug cartel leader" I said.
"Sorry boss. Kylie must have known that you were going to track her and she turned off her phone" Chin said.
"Dammit. Let's go" I said and started heading out of the office.
"We don't even know where she is" Danny said.
"We know she'll be in Waikiki, so we'll follow her from the train station" I said grabbing my gun and bulletproof vest.

Kylie's POV:
I got off the train and started heading towards the abandoned warehouse. As I was headed down the street I noticed a black Camaro following me. Dammit! I ran towards an alley and jumped over the chain fence. I hid there until I know they thought I was farther down the street. When I thought it was safe I continued walking towards the warehouse. I got there and I was lucky that no more incidents with Uncle Steve and Danny happened. Even though I knew the rest of the team may be near by. I inched up to the door of the warehouse and looked in the window. I saw a whole bunch of guys holding guns and my dad's brother sitting at a desk holding his head; I looked over to see Carey dancing to the chair she was tied to. Oh God, this is not going to be good. The window I was looking in was slightly open so I could see and hear what Carey was saying.
"I"M A HAPPY UNICORN! HAPPY HAPPY UNICORN. UNI UNI UNICORN!" she screamed at the top of her lungs while convulsing in the chair. She didn't stop there though.
"HEY, I'M A MERMAID DAVID MORISSEY LOOK ALIKE" Carey continued to scream weird things at my dad's brother and laugh at the top of her lungs, in her crazy laugh that makes you think she was high. I couldn't help but laugh too, that was a mistake. My dad's brother heard me and soon I was being dragged into the warehouse. One of his employees grabbed me from behind and tied my hands with a ziptie.
"So nice of you to join us, Kylie. My how you've grown since I last saw you. You were so small when you're father put me away" my uncle told me. "Now l do believe we have some business to discuss." My uncle's employee pulled me over to a chiar in front of my uncle.
"You have me, so let my friend go" I said.
"YEAH BITCH I HAVE FANGIRLING TO DO" Carey yelled from the background making me sigh.
"Not a problem. She's been a pain in my ass since I grabbed her" he told me and waved for one of his workers to let Carey go. Once Carey left, my uncle told all of his workers except for two to leave.
"Get the jet ready we'll only be a moment. Now where we... ah... yes. I assume with all of your Interpol skill you know why I'm here."
"I do. You want me to help you hack into things, and basically disappear. Am I wrong?" I spat at him. He smiled which would make people cringe but I held my own and looked him straight in the face.
"You are bright. Just like my brother, only my brother was a jerk and locked me up. His own brother" my uncle said.
"What makes you believe I'll help you?" I said and I felt a stinging in face. At least my dad's brother didn't punch because then I would have kicked his ass.