
Kylie's POV:
For the first time since I moved to Hawaii and joined my uncle's task force I have a day off. No college classes and no solving classes. Today I decided to spend the day with my friend Caitlyn. She may live on an island but she has never been surfing, so I decided I would teach her.
"This is boring, can I please go in the water?" Caitlyn pleaded. I was teaching her basic strokes on the board she got for her birthday, in the sand because I wanted her to know what she was doing before she went in the water. She's, also, only been practicing the strokes for three minutes.
"You've only been doing it for three minutes. I'm not letting you get caught in a wave" I told her. She sighed and stood up.
"I know how to paddle, can we please just go in the water?" she pleaded.
"Fine" I replied and we headed into the water. Caitlyn caught about three waves before she started getting the hang of it. She fell off a good amount of times but she eventually got the hang of it.
"Nice job, you finally got it" I said when we were back on the sand.
"Thank you. I'm hungry" she told me and started walking off to Kamekona's food truck. I put my shorts on and headed after her. Caitlyn went to get the food while I sat at a table checking my phone. I was on Instagram when I got a call from Uncle Steve. I groaned but answered anyways.
"Hello super seal" I said when I picked up.
"We've got a case. Kono is headed your way to pick you up and then head to the crime scene" he told me.
"Okay" I said and we hung up. Look's like my day off is cut short. I told Caitlyn that I had to leave, then quickly head to a bathroom to get changed.
Kono got me at the beach and we headed to the crime scene in Kaneohe. When we got there Max was examining the body and Uncle Steve and Danny hadn't shown up yet. The body looked to be a someone about my age and by the looks of it, she was cut in the throat. I gasped and backed away a little bit because it was a bit of a shock. Why would someone do that to a teenager? I went to go talk to witnesses because it was hard seeing someone my age killed like that and I still wanted to help on the case so I thought getting any information on the victim would help.
Kono's POV:
When we saw the victim Kylie couldn't really handle it so she went off to talk to some witnesses. I felt bad for her, the victim looked to be the same age as her and to die the way our vic did is a tough thing to see. Steve and Danny arrived and I briefed them on what we found out already.
"Our vic is a fifteen year old girl, we're still working on her identity but she died by her throat being slit" I told them and Danny cringed a little when he heard that, Steve had a look of concern.
"Where's Kylie?" he asked.
"She's talking to witnesses. It was a tough thing for her to see" I replied. Steve looked over at Kylie and sighed.
"She shouldn't have had to see that" he said, and then we went over to Max to see what he found out.
Steve' POV:
This case was going to be hard for Kylie, because the victim was the same age as her. I saw her talking to witnesses and I was going to go over but I needed the report from Max.
"Max what did you find out?" I asked.
"Well, our victim is indeed fifteen and she as it looks she died from a knife blade like an army knife to the throat. It looks as if she died around ten last night but I can't be sure until I get her back to the lab" Max said.