
"Shes beautiful, Luna." Said the nurse.
Today was the birth of the Lunas child, Eden."She will become a beautiful Queen one day." She adds, and hands her the baby.
"She has your eyes." Said the Alpha. Luna smiled. "I will protect her, forever. Nothing bad will come to my one and only child." He said, and nodded.
'This child will be protected with every guard surrounding our pack house. If anyone is to see something suspicious, please report it to me.' The Alpha mind-linked all of his pack members this, and everyone agreed with a 'yes alpha'.
The whole day, every female pack member came by leaving gifts for the child, and wishing Luna the best.
"Whats her name?" Asked one female."I don't know yet. I'll start to think about it." Said the Luna.
Names weren't important to her right now, because all she wanted to do was cuddle with her new baby.
- Time skip ; A week later -
'Send all the woman and children to the safe house, and all of our best fighter out here! We're under attack!' Yelled the Alpha through mind-link. Everyone replied with 'yes alpha!'
Every nurse, teacher, kids and elders who were not trained well to fight, was sent to the safe house. This was the first time the Luna was sent there, considering she had recently given birth, and had her pup with her at all times.
"Alright everyone, please remain calm, and quiet. We are all going to be alright." Whispered the Luna. She was like a fighting machine who had her Luna powers kicked in at every moment. She was smart, kind, beautiful, and also an aggressive fighter."All the kids and elders must be put near the back, and all of our almost trained women in front. Guards, do your thing!" She whisper yelled, and got nods from everyone. She loved her Luna position, and has never taken advantage of it.'Luna! S-someones trying to get to y-you' mind linked one of the guards. 'Jason? Are you hurt?!' She linked back.'Luna, I repeat, someone is trying to get t-to you!' He linked back.'Jason, if you don't tell me now that you're hurt, I wont be able to he-'
There was a small explosion at the entrance of the safe house.All the woman and kids screamed, and watched as a man walked over to them, with guards surrounding him. "Now, where is this, 'precious' new pup? I heard shes a beauty, and my wife LOVES beautiful pups!" He yelled, and looked around."Well well, who do we have here?" He said, and walked over to the Luna."None of your concern, Charlie." She growled, and held the pup close to her."Well, Luna, thats a bad way to say hello to your pups new father." He smirked, and snapped his fingers.His guards reached forward to grab the pup, and ended up yanking it out of the Lunas strong grab. They walked back up towards Charlie, and nodded."Good job. Now, spray them all with the stuff we brought, and lets leave!" He roared, and watched as a few men walked in with huge gas tanks. The Luna attempted to escape, but failed every time.
Charlie walked out of the safe house, where almost every pack member was asleep, and held his new pup close."I'll never lose you." He whispered, and walked into the forest.