
Leah's POV:
I locked the car and ran over to Adalia who was sitting on the stairs to the school courtyard. "Oh my god I've missed you!" I said embracing her. "I missed you too Leah. We didn't really get in touch during summer break." She said putting a strand of hair behind her ear. "Yeah I know. But we have plenty of time to catch up now" I said smiling.
"And guess who got their license.......this girl" I said pointing at my white fiat standing on the parking lot. I knew the guys would talk shit about it but I liked it.
"Oh my god Jackson!" Adalia yelled jumping up and attacking Jackson who just excited his car. " guess it's just me" I said to myself with a chuckle as I laid my bag next to me.
I looked around the courtyard and parking lot and saw a lot of new students. I locked eyes with someone very familiar and realized I knew him when he came towards me. "Oh my god you've got to be kidding me." I said jumping up and walking over to the brown haired boy which was rocking his sunglasses at the moment. "Calum?" I asked which made him turn around. "Leah?" he said with a chuckle. I nodded as he gave me a hug. "It's been so long! Since kindergarten." he said with a smile. "I know. And then you moved to Sydney." "Yeah I'm sorry." "You left your best friend how dare you" I said fake crying to which we both started laughing. "Come on I'll introduce you to my friends" I said taking him with me to the stairs where my backpack was still lying.
"But why did you decide to come back here?" I asked as we sat down on the stone stairs. "Well my mom wanted to come back to this city. I don't know why it was just all of a sudden." he said shrugging. "We'll I'm glad you're back" I said laying my hand on his shoulder.
"hey Leah, Long time no see" Jackson said sitting next to me. "Yeah I know. I've just been spending all my time at the beach." I said with a chuckle. "Well that's cool. And who's your new friend?" he asked looking at Calum who was awkwardly messing with his glasses. "I'm Calum" "Jackson"
They shook hands and started talking about their love for football and other sports. Weird how guys can just start a conversation in three seconds.
A black car parked on the parking lot and soon the door opened. A tall figure with brown curls threw the door shut and came towards us. "Harry!" I said getting up and running towards him. "Leah girl, how you doing?" he said giving me a fist bump. "Good, where have you been all summer?" I asked as we made our way back to half of our friend group. "I've been out thinking. You know...figuring things out. It really helped" "I'm glad it did" I said as I came across my car. "Oh my god Harry look at my car." I said as proud as I am. "Out of all the cars you choose this one" He says laughing. "Don't laugh you dickhead"
I hit him on the shoulder and only got more laughing as a result. "Who's this asshole talking shit to my girl" I heard from behind and immediately turned around. "Come here" Luke said pulling me into a hug making me smile like crazy. We finally let go and got a relieving sigh from Harry. "Good to see you too Harry" Luke said giving him a pat on the back as we continued going back to the group. I already felt like this year would be amazing.

