
"Riley come on ,please" my best friend Anna begged for the millionth time."No, Anna, The Rap Arena is just a waste of time." I'm really not a big fan of crowds like Anna, she loves the excitement and drama while I prefer to just curl up and read one book a thousand times."Riles!" I was pulled out of my thoughts by Anna "Sorry" I muttered. I had a thing with spacing out. "This is a once in a lifetime opportunity Riles, front row seats."This was never going to end."If I agree to go will you stop bugging me?" I asked"Eek!!!" I'll pick you something out."Great" I mumbled sarcastically.-------------------------------"I don't like the look of this" Anna and I arrived at the rap arena about an hour after she picked out my outfit. I'm wearing blue shorts and a black and white tank top with my converse, without make up thank you very much."What !??" Anna screamed over the loud music."I said I don't like the looks of this!" I screamed louder."Lighten up!" Oh I would if you left me at home alone.We finally arrived at our seats and the concert was about to begin. The lights went out telling us that it was time. -----------------------I was sitting bored in my seat for the past hour feeling various rappers spit on me. Front row seats huh? I excused myself to use the restroom. "Be right back Ann""Okay!!" I shaked my head at her as she bobbed her head to the songs. It was really hard to find the restroom I kept being passed around by people. It wasn't so bad until I hit into something rock hard and solid. " Ouch! " I screeched. " I know I'm attractive but at least take things slow cupcake" I scoff and turn to walk away then the blue eyed stranger held on to my wrist." What do you want jerk?" I asked" ooh,jerk? I was hoping for more like Babe, Baby or Fine as-""Enough" I certainly didn't want to hear anymore. " In scientific discovery it is stated that when a boy has a huge ego he normally has problems at home and tries to resolve it with sex and girls and later results in suicidal thoughts which well of course leads to suicide but not all the time it's mostly 99%of the time and I don't know you could be out of the 1% left I mean you never-" my blabbering was cut off by the blue eyed stranger before me."So you're one of those girls " he said with a frown and walked away."Wait what are one of those girls?!!"Ugh! Jerk!