
I was walkin home one day from school.. One Direction was at the mall, So I said to my friends "hey let's go met One Direction!" They agreed.. We got in line to meet them.. Then out of nowhere my friend whispers in my ear saying "Look who's behind us" in a joking voice and I look and there is Thatsojack right behind us.. He sees me looking... I freeze cuz he taps my shoulder saying "Hi, I saw you looking my way and I thought you were pretty cute!" I was frozen for like five seconds and my friend slightly pushes me.. I see that its really him... He says "Breathe!" In a very sexy tone! So I breathe... We all meet One Direction together.. Me and Jack are walking far behind our friends just talking... I feel like myself around Jack now cuz it feels like we've know each other our whole lives.. He tells me everything about him all the good and all the bad... But then I freeze again... I'm terrified that he trusts me so much??! I'm just like wondering why he trust me so much.. I'm so confused we just met not even 2 hours ago??!! Then Jack says "I think I've been talking to much.." I say back "Oh, No no. Your fine I'm just wondering how my dog is doing cuz she's getting surgery on her leg.." I lied well technically I didn't cuz my dog was really getting her leg amputated.. Jack says in return "Oh I'm so sorry, what happened??" I say "Well she was in her fenced in area where she always is and one day I didn't see her.. I thought she was in her dog house sleeping, so I just went for a walk.. Then I came home... And she was almost not breathing... I felt so horrible for not knowing something was wrong... Someone shot her in her leg.. So yeah she's in surgery right now.. And when my father calls that means she's out of surgery.. And I know that now we have a three legged dog now.." Jacks face was in shock like he knew who shot her... I gave him a confused look and asked "Are you okay??" He whispers "That was your dog. The Australian Shepherd??." I say in response "Yes! Why? Did you shoot her??!!" He says "No.. But I know who did!" And he asks for my cell phone number and I give it to him.. We say bye and went home with our friends... Right when I walk into my house I get a text saying "Hey.. Its Jack ik who shot your dog!" I ask him "Who?" He said "Mikey" we kept talking about it he didn't know the kids last name.. And that pist me off... I wondered... Maybe he's trying to protect this Mikey kid.. But Jack is to sweet to lie to a girl.. He'll tell you stuff straight out... And we stopped talking for a while..