
P.o.v Tini
I woke up and saw my step-dad standing in front of me. He looked really angry at me and I already knew what was going to happen..
"You need to go to school!" he screamed and he grabbed my arm pulling me out of my bed. "Your hurting me" I said almost whispering. "Am I? and those this hurt?!" He said.
He pushed me on the ground and started kicking and punching me. I felt dizzy and he stopped. "Now get your lazy ass to the bathroom and make yourself ready for school!!" he screamed and I stood up and ran to the bathroom.
This is how a normal day in my life goes by. I wake up and my step-dad abuses me. I go to school and there I get bullied, after school I often have to work (I'm a model). There I get to be a different person. I get home and my step-dad is never home, in the evening he goes to bars and drinks till he can't walk properly anymore then he comes home. I get something to eat and run to my room. I close the door and I cry myself to sleep.
I know not the best way to spend your day but I have no idea how to change it. I see German (My step-dad) sitting downstairs waiting for me. I sneak behind him and walk to the door. He didn't see me. I ran outside and walked to school. At school they bully me because I wear glasses and they think I'm a nerd. I also wear stupid clothes and stuff. Well that's what they say.
I already see them standing waiting for me like German did. I tried to walk past them but they noticed me. "Where do you think your going?" Jorge said. Jorge is my main bully and the most popular boy at this school. "I am going to my locker" I said and I knew that that wasn't what they wanted to hear. He grabbed my arm and threw me on the ground.
"First you need to ask us then we'll think about letting you go !!" Diego said and I stood up. "Well can I go then?" I asked. "No first a kiss" Jorge said to mess with me. "Never I'd rather kiss a frog" I said and he looked mad. "Not the answer I wanted to hear" Jorge said and he threw me on the ground. "Well if you don't want to kiss my lips than kiss my shoes" He said and they all laughed while he pressed my face against his shoe.
I heard Pablo (the director) come so they let me go and I ran to my locker. I know what your thinking why don't you go to him and tell him what they've done or to the police and say what your step-dad those. If I go to Pablo they won't stop, it will only get worse and German was ones a really great guy I don't want to hurt him.
I saw Mechi standing at my locker. She ran to me and hugged me. "Tini are you ok?" She asked sweetly. I putted up a fake smile and nodded. "I am fine" I said. "You don't have to lie to me" She said and I hugged her tighter.
"Thank you" I said. "For what?" She asked confused. "For everything, always helping me and being here for me" I said and she smiled. "You don't have to thank me. I'm your best friend I would do anything for you" She said and we walked to class.
I saw Angie standing and she looked angry. "You two are late" She said and I looked down. Angie is my aunt she was the best aunt in the world but she changed like my step-dad. Now she's always mad and she's mean. "I'm sorry" Mechi said. "Just sit down and I don't want to hear you at all this lesson, both of you!!" She said.
I don't understand why they both changed like this. It was 3 years ago when my mom past away and they're still like this. German and Angie both changed.
"Martina come here" Angie screamed waking me up from my thoughts. I stood up and walked toward her. "Sing something" She said. I looked at her in shock.
I didn't change much since my mom's dead but I haven't sung since then. I k ow pretty weird since I am studying music and we need to sing a lot but I haven't really sung I always pretend I am singing. Most of the time I'm in the background so they don't notice it. I used to sing with my mom. She was a famous singer but when she left us I thought it wasn't worth it or something.