
"No, I didn't." He replied.
"Yes, you did. You came downstairs, purposely knocked over the edge of the picture too hard to break it, and quickly ran upstairs, thinking I wouldn't see it. But, you're wrong. And now, you're gonna get in a shitload of trouble when Mom comes back." I told him.
"That's all wrong. I swear, Charlie. I didn't break the picture." Logan disagreed.
"Oh, yeah? Prove it." I commanded.
Logan walked over to the broken picture. "If I broke the picture, I would've used a bat, not simply knocking it over by the edge. And if I ran up the stairs, I would be falling on the steps to get to you." Logan explained. I processed his explanation and sighed. He was... right... Oh... that sounds so wrong.
"You're right." I whispered to him.
"Say what?" He asked while stepping closer to me and cupping his ear with one hand to hear me better when I knew he heard me.
I slapped his hand away from his ear. "You heard me, you little fool."
"Ha! See? Let's face it: I'm always right and you're always wrong." Logan bragged and started to do his victory dance.
"If you don't stop dancing and start running, I'll make sure this piece of glass slits your throat." I threatened before picking up a huge piece of broken glass. Logan carefully watched me in the process.
"You wouldn't dare." He said.
"Test me, Logy-bear." I responded. I stepped close to Logan and before I knew it, he was tripping over the stairs to get away from me. I laughed, dropped the glass, and went back to the kitchen.
To be honest, I felt kinda weird knowing that Logan didn't break the picture and wasn't the one making those loud footsteps. I took my mind off of who did it before I scared myself. While I was cutting up some vegetables, I felt a breeze go around my body. I looked at the windows and found them all closed. For some stupid reason, I took the knife that was in my hand and flung it around my body. Once my arm got tired, I stabbed the knife on the cutting board, leaving it standing by the end and almost cutting my hand.
I decided to leave the kitchen before blood started marking the house. I went to the living room and watched TV for a while. While the TV was on, something strange happened. All the papers, magazines, furniture, appliances, and everything else were lifted up. The couch that was now in the air tipped over a bit and caused me to fall on the floor. Suddenly, they all started to spin around the gigantic area. I started to get creeped out about it until something happened that kinda freaked me out.
As I was watching everything spin around, a glowing light appeared out of nowhere. I watched the transparent light shape into a human figure. It was a girl who had everything a human had, even legs, but it was floating in the air with her legs criss-crossed. It was rotating a finger round and round. I crawled closer to the figure until it spotted me. The figure immediately dropped everything, leaving it scattered all over the place. It gawked at me and it took me some time realize I was doing the same. Soon, the figure looked at the mess it made and put everything back in place with a flick of its finger. It turned back to me with the same expression.
I realized that I had started screaming once the figure started screaming with me.

(Haii beautiful people!! I finally updated. Yay! I hope you like the story... a lot. If you like the book a lot, tell other beautiful people about it, okay? Great. Hopefully I'll be updating a lot now because it's finally summer vacation for me!! YAS!! Anyway, I love you all. Keep reading and don't forget to vote and comment!! (Just so you know, this is not a scary book. I suck at those kind of stuff.) Baii!! .xx)