
"Ok. I'm gonna make this short, okay?" I said. He nodded. "Okay. Haven't seen him in years, seeing him again today, don't know if he even likes me, don't know if new family will like me, angry because barely part of life, and I don't wanna see a man who abandoned his real family."
"Charlotte..." Jesse started.
"Charlie." I corrected him before he continued. "Stop sounding like my parents."
He laughed. "Right. Charlie. How come you didn't tell me this before?"
"Because I don't like talking about him." I answered.
"Okay... Well, you're gonna survive today."
"No, I'm not"
"Trust me."
"Barely." Jesse smiled and walked away.
I ate some parts of my lunch, but not all of it. I was looking at Lily's table, where Lindsay's bruised and battered face was. Lily didn't seem phased by my attack. I remember during the process, she was swooning over Shawn. And right now, she still is. I almost barfed at the sight of them.
Right when I finished eating, the bell rang and I proceeded to my other classes. The day went by fast and before I knew it, the last bell of the day rang.
I ran out of my last class and to the front gates of the school. I was looking for Alex and Max, since they don't take the bus.
I found them both ahead of me. I sprinted past them and stopped in front of them.
"Hey." I said.
"Hey." Alex and Max replied.
"You're supposed to be on the bus, you know." Alex told me.
"I know, but I wanted to see you before I die." I replied.
"You're not gonna die." Max stated.
"How are you so sure about this?" I asked her.
"Because it's your dad we're talking about. You're his child. He wouldn't let anything bad happen to you." Alex explained.
"Yeah. Whatever. See you in heaven. Bye!" I shouted while running to the back to reach the bus.
Luckily, I got on the bus before it shut me out. After about 20 minutes of watching teens being dropped off at their homes, I finally got to my house.
I jumped off the bus and ran inside the house. I ran up the stairs and into my room. I flew on top of my bed and just laid there for about 5 minutes. Then, I got a different backpack and shoved all the things I need for my weekend visit to hell.
While I was attempting to fit more clothes in my backpack, I saw Logan walk into my room.
"Charlie?" Logan called quietly.
"Oh, hey Logy-bear!" I exclaimed. "What do you want?"
"First of all, stop calling me that. And second of all, are you nervous?" He asked me.
"A bit. Why are you asking? Did you get wasted from that party you had today?"
He laughed. "No... Maybe a bit... But I'm nervous about seeing Dad and his new family. What if they don't like us?"
This was my calling. Now, I have to be nice to my brother because he's nervous and usually he's never nervous. So, I sat down on my bed and patted the empty space next to me. Logan came over and sat there.
"It doesn't matter if they like us or not." I answered.