
After biology and my other classes, lunch finally came to save me from starvation.
I got my lunch and tried to find where my idiots were sitting at. At the corner of my eye, I saw Lily wave at me. I waved back and spotted Lindsay smirk at me. She turned around to her friends and "whispered" something to them.
"She's just like a skunk; ugly, rotten, and smells like shit." She commented about me. I knew she was testing me, but I was not gonna give into it. I continued searching until I heard her say something else. "Maybe that's why her dad's rich and she's not."
I lost it. I slammed my tray on a random table and made my way over to Lily's table. Luckily, Shawn was there with her. Probably he can distract her from the show I was about to put on.
"Hi." I started when everyone at the table turned to me.
"Oh, look at that. It's here." Lindsay laughed.
"Oh, look at that." I mocked her. "My hand is about to connect to your face."
Before she had time to react, my hand connected with her cheek. Her hand flew up to touch her red-marked cheek. I don't really remember much about that whole scene afterwards. All I remember was pulling her back, tackling her, bruising her whole face, being pulled away from her by someone, and sitting at one of the tables in the cafeteria, far from Lindsay.
I heard someone calling my name, but I didn't reply because I was zoned out somehow.
"Earth to Charlie!" Max screamed while shaking me. I snapped my head towards her to stare at her. "Good. You're still here."
"Yeah, but what happened because I barely remember anything." I said. I turned to my left to find Alex staring at something, but then turned back to Max.
"You basically fought Lindsay. Her face is full of bruises." Max told me with a bit of... worry in her voice? "Good job! You're so lucky that no adults saw you break her face." I guess that worry was something else because I remembered that Max hates all the Barbies.
"Thanks?" I said. I turned to Alex and found her staring at something else. I looked at the path she was staring at and found Jesse coming my way. When he reached me, he sat next to Alex, who seemed annoyed at his presence.
"Dude. Why did you do that?" Jesse asked.
"Do what?" I questioned.
"You just fought Lindsay. Why did you do it?" Jesse asked once again?
"Because I warned her about making another remark about me. She tested that and got what she deserves." I answered.
"Are you sure that's all?" He questioned me.
"What do you mean?" Alex asked him.
"I feel like there's another reason to that." He said.
"Oh, yeah. It's about her father." Alex blurted out.
"How do you know?!" I asked her.
"Because I know you." She responded. "And you lost it right after Lindsay mentioned him."
"Well... that's true... but it's not important." I said.
"What about your dad?" Jesse questioned.
"Well, I'm done hearing Jesse's voice today. Aren't you too, Max?" Alex stated and Max nodded. "Ok, We're gonna go now. See you later, Charlie." Alex and Max stood up and walked away. Jesse quietly flipped them off behind their backs. I laughed.
"Ok. So, what's with your dad?" Jesse half-asked, half-demanded.