
"Enough!" I screamed. "You guys are all fake, pathetic asses who have no life and just wanna ruin others! You actually have the nerve to say that to my face?! Ha! Obviously, you don't know me and what I can manage to do to your 'reputation' here." I turned to Lily. "Lily, I hope your date goes well, okay?" She nodded and I turned back to the dumbasses. "And you three, dare say another word about me again and I'll bruise your face so badly, no makeup can cover that shit." I was done when I saw three jaws drop. I scoffed and walked away.
Makeup threat. Good choice. I thought to myself. Soon, the bell rang and everyone was walking to homeroom. I quickly walked to mine and entered it to find no one there yet. I sat at a seat in the far back and watched other students fill up the room. When they saw me, most of them silently praised me for my loud speech and threat I gave to the Barbies. While accepting my praise, I didn't notice Jesse sitting in the seat next to mine. When I finally did, I secretly smiled to myself. I really needed a friend right now.
"Bro. I heard what you said to Lily's group down the hallway. Are you okay?" Jesse asked.
"Never been better." I replied sarcastically.
"Sorry." He pitied and pulled me for a hug. I lightly laid my head on his shoulder so I wouldn't fall asleep. (What? His hugs are so soft, you fall asleep on him instantly. It happened so many times before.)
"Don't be. I'm alright." I said.
"I know." Jesse said before pulling himself from the hug. He then grabbed my shoulders while staring into my eyes. "If you need anything, just come to me, ok?"
"Puh-lease. I don't need your help. I can take care of myself." I responded.
"Sure, you can." He said before the bell rang. We both walked out of homeroom together and went to both of our lockers for our books until I started talking again.
"Ugh! I'm too lazy to walk. Jesse, carry me." I ordered him. I lifted both my arms in the air, waiting for him to lift me up. He closed his locker and raised an eyebrow at me.
"I thought you didn't need my help." Jesse said what I did earlier.
"I lied. Now, carry me." I whined. He chuckled before pointing to his back. I went behind him and jumped on his back. He grabbed my legs while I wrapped my arms around his neck. Then, he started running to our next class with both of us laughing.

(Haii beautiful people!! I think this chapter was a really good one. Probably the best one so far... This chapter is gonna continue because I'm afraid I'm gonna go over the limit (If there is even a limit.. I don't know!) Well, I'm gonna let you keep reading. Don't forget to vote and comment! Baii!! .xx)