
The figure and I continued to scream until my mom came into the house. That's when it quickly vanished and left me all alone in the living room.
"Charlotte! Are you okay?!" Mom shouted as she came rushing from the garage.
"I-I-I..." I stammered. I was completely speechless about what had just happened.
"Can't you talk?" Mom asked. All I could do was shake my head. "I'm going upstairs, ok?" I just nodded, staring blankly where I last saw that figure. Mom sighed and walked down the hallway. She was about to go up the steps until she stopped and screamed. I snapped out of my trance and ran to her. Logan ran down the steps to her as well.
"Who broke this?!" She yelled, pointing to the broken wedding picture. Logan and I just looked at each other blankly for a few minutes. "Are you gonna tell me who did it?! I'm not getting any younger here!"
"No kidding." I whispered to myself. Mom must've heard me because she stepped closer to me and started glaring at me.
"I'm guessing you're the one who broke the picture, didn't you?" Mom whispered to me. I glanced at Logan, who wasn't at ease. I looked back at Mom who was now a few inches away from me.
"I-um..." I started. I wanted to tell her that some retarded figure broke it, but then she would think I'm mad and will send me into rehab. Yes, I'm being crazy about this but is there any other way to explain it? So, being the beautiful angel I am, I lied.
"I broke the picture." I lied.
"I thought so. Care to explain why?" Mom suggested.
"Um... I was admiring the moment when my two parents officially got together to create me?" I said, but Mom didn't buy it.
"Mhm... Sure. Now tell me the real reason why you broke it."
"Um... Because the picture was hideous." The words just spilled out of my mouth. I tried to take them back, but it was too late. Mom's jaw dropped down to the floor and I started to feel guilty, until the guilt faded away.
As much as I hated saying that out loud to Mom, I have to be honest... It was really bad. Although Mom looked like a goddess in her wedding dress, Dad just looked like a constipated donkey.
"Charlotte!" Mom yelled. She was about to yell at me some more until I cut her off.
"Let's be honest, Mom. That picture actually looks pretty good, but the fact that Dad was the one you married just ruins everything. You look like a queen and he just looks like a homeless peasant. Staring at that picture for 16 years and continuously thinking that really took a toll on me today. And the fact that Dad left just makes it worse." I explained.
"Well..." Mom started, but something in her mind stopped her from talking. She was probably thinking of my awesome explanation about the picture. She knew I was right. I always am.
"You know I'm right." I blurted out. Mom glared at me once again. "I mean... I'm sorry."
"You better be sorry. You are gonna clean this up now." Mom demanded. I raised an eyebrow at her.
"You're not gonna ground me?" I asked. I would like to be grounded this week... Not in the mood to visit him.
"No, I'm not. You're already going to your dad's house on Friday. No need for me to punish you." Mom smirked and walked upstairs to her room. Once I heard her door close, I turned to Logan who was quiet this whole time I was lying to Mom.
"Fuck." I cursed under my breath after the "punishment" Mom mentioned. "Okay, little bro. Clean this up."