
"I think it will matter." Logan replied quickly.
"Well, it doesn't matter to me. We're only going there to see Dad, okay?"
"Okay."
"And if you need me, I'll be there for you, okay?"
"Okay."
"And it's only for this weekend since we're meeting people we don't know, okay?"
"Okay." Logan laughed. I pulled him in for a tight hug to make sure he wasn't insecure about it. He released himself from it, got up, and left my room. I continued to stuff my backpack until I had everything I needed. I put on the backpack and left my room. I went downstairs to find Mom sitting on the couch.
"Mom." I called out. She turned to me and smiled.
"Well, I see you're ready." Mom said. Logan came downstairs and stood next to me. "I hope you guys have a nice weekend." That's when she started crying and Logan and I had to comfort her in a hug. Once we let go of her, she handed us our bus tickets. She didn't want to drive to Dad's house because she didn't want to see him at all.
"Thanks, Mom." I said. Logan and I turned around to the front door. We both started walking towards it.
"Bye! I love you!" Mom shouted at us.
"We love you, too!" Logan and I shouted in unison. I opened the door and let Logan out first. I followed him and closed the door. We started walking around the block to the street corner. We waited at the bu stop until the bus arrived.
Logan and I hopped onto the bus and found a seat. We both looked out the window and watched all the cars drive around everywhere. I was thinking about Dad and how he might be. I could tell Logan was thinking the same thing.
The bus dropped us off at a different stop 30 minutes away from home. We sat at the benches and waited for Dad. We waited for about 15 minutes until we saw a huge, black limo cross the street and come right in front of us.
The driver's window rolled down and the limo driver spotted us. He was wearing a tux and a captain hat.
"Hello." The driver greeted.
"Hi." I greeted back.
"I am looking for Charlotte and Logan Red. Do you know them?" The driver asked.
"That's actually us." I informed him.
"Okay, then. Come in." The driver commanded. He got out of the limo and opened the door for us to enter in. Logan went in first and followed after. Once we were both inside, the driver closed the door and climbed into his seat. Then, he started driving to some unknown place.

(Haii again!! I would like to thank you for reading this book. My dumbass friends kept on pushing me to put this book on here because apparently they think it's good. So I finally gave in and hopefully all of you will like this book. So, I'm gonna go but don't forget to vote and comment. Baii!! I love you!! .xx)