
I woke up this morning feeling dizzy and lightheaded. Today was Friday, the day I see my father after a few years. This is gonna be so awesome... No, it's not. Once I didn't feel so groggy, I picked out a red plaid button shirt with black jeans and red sneakers. (Hey! I'm part tomboy! Don't judge!) After showering and dressing into my clothes, I went downstairs.
"Good morning, sweetie." Mom greeted once I walked into the kitchen.
"Hi, Mom." I replied before groaning. She gave me a strange look before turning back to whatever she was doing. Logan just stared at me like an idiot. "What are you looking at?"
"Nothing." Logan said, but he was clearly lying. I would usually interrogate him about it, but today I didn't feel like doing that.
"So, are you two excited to see your father later today?" Mom asked.
"Kinda." replied Logan while I blurted out, "Nope" at the same time.
Mom started glaring at me. "I'm tired of damn attitude, Charlotte."
"Then stop bringing up Dad all the time." I shouted.
"I can't believe I'm saying this, but I actually kinda agree with Charlie." Logan agreed. I smirked at Mom. "I don't want to see how he's been doing without us..."
"But at least you're seeing your dad, right?" Mom asked him.
"I guess so?" Logan answered.
"See?" Mom shouted at me. I rolled my eyes and ignored her while eating whatever it is Mom gave me for breakfast. I quickly downed the food, grabbed my backpack, and went outside to enter the bus.
On the way to school, I let the cool, February breeze hit my face. We supposedly have 6 more weeks of winter, but the weather outside her makes it feel like it's spring. I don't know why, but I've always enjoyed spring. Probably because I always have the best memories during this time. But today, I don't have a good feeling that this is gonna be one of my best memories.
Once the bus arrived at the school and every student was in the school building, I immediately went to my locker because I knew Alex and Max would be there.
"I'm gonna die." I screeched once I got to my locker.
"No, you're not. You're just going to your dad's house. Big whoop." Alex stated. I glared at her.
"No, it's not a big whoop. This is horrible. What if my dad doesn't even know my name?!" I complained.
"Woah." Max spoke up as she put her hand out. "Stop over-exaggerating things. You're gonna be alright."
"No, I won't!" I shouted. "What if his new family thinks I'm insane?!"
"You are insane!" Alex and Max screamed. A few people turned to look at us, but I just rolled my eyes and went back to my idiots.
"I know, I am, but they might think I'm actually normal." I informed.
"Dude, you make no sense right now, but it's ok. You'll live through this." Alex assured me.
"You have too much faith in me, Alex." I stated.
"I know." She agreed.
"It gets annoying." Max cut in. Alex glared at her and pushed her into the lockers. Once she regained her balance, Max viciously punched her in the arm.
These idiots, I thought to myself. That's when I heard a strange sound coming from nowhere. It sounds like a laugh, but not the that-was-really-funny laugh, but more like a I'm-planning-to-kill-your-whole-family laugh. So, basically an evil laugh.