
The scene kept playing over and over in his mind, his arm twitching as he laid his head down on the desk. The images of that morning were slightly strange to him, his mind racing to understand what had even happened. What had even consumed him...
Nagisa let his eyes close slowly, knowing the scene would play in his head over and over. Like an unavoidable replay of everything that happened. But it wasn't bad, however. He used it to see the mistakes he had made.
The way the gym teacher Akira Takaoka kneed Hiroto in the stomach for speaking out against the new curriculum. When he slapped Yukiko so hard across the face that it sent her flying. When he almost hit Hinano in the face for wanting Tadaomi Senpai back as our teacher...
Unforgivable.
Then, Tadaomi Karasuma Senpai chose to give the knife to me when Akira gave the challenge of taking him down. One blow, non-lethal, that's all that was needed to take him down. I remember exactly what I felt when I took the knife, what he told me.
"So there is no need to force yourself to take this knife.I'll make every effort to have Takaoka continue to provide you that compensation."
I remember thinking how I liked Karasuma's eyes. How he would look right into mine, unlike my family did. Not understanding why he chose me. But... I still took the knife. I trusted this man, the man who could look me in the eyes and offer me a chance to take revenge on the man who hurt my class, hurt my friends.
I remember what happened next. I simply walked up normally to the filthy man who had dared hurt us, take our teachers place from us. And before he even had time to understand or formulate what to do, I struck. I got close by walking normally, I off balanced him, I forced him to fall, then when he expected a frontal attack I went around the back and covered his eyes, knife to his throat.
I won.
"Nagisa!"
Nagisa's head jolted up off the desk, his bright blue eyes snapping open faster than his brain waking up. He didn't register what was going on. He wasn't facing off with Akira Takaoka in the training ground, he was in the classroom, getting startled stares by all his peers. Slowly he registered everything.
His arm extend outward and upward.
His hand holding the special made knife made to kill their teacher.
The blade's tip pressed into the neck of a familiar face.
It took a moment to recognize who it was at the end of his knife. He was so slow to realize it, that when he did he dropped the knife in an instant. He lowered his arm back to his side slowly and his sky blue eyes widened in shock.
Karma.
Karma, his oldest friend, blinking at him as if this were just a surprise. Those same orange sunset eyes that watched his turn from a frozen tundra of blood-lust and anger thaw into a surprised tropical ocean reef blue. Those same eyes that only stared at Nagisa, and nothing else as a carefree smile grew up from the o shape of his lips.
Karma smiled as he ruffled Nagisa's hair gently, that smile growing as he laughed a little. "Hey, look who doesn't like rude awakenings!" The red head joked, letting his hands fall back into his pockets. "Remind me not to let you have a real knife when you nap, Nagi."
The blue haired boy blinked, a small smile forming on his lips like a instant mask to hide his true emotions. He laughed halfheartedly and rubbed the back of his head.
"Yeah, sorry. Guess I'm just really tired after that gym class." Karma arched an eyebrow at him as a curious smile flitted over his lips. Nagisa knew that look.