
This red headed psyco was the sneaky trickster among the class, but he never deserved to be down here in E class with us with his grades. And he wasn't just smart either, he was attractive, he was athletic. But it wasn't those reasons that should have put him here. It was the blue haired boy's fault he was even here at all.
Karma had been walking by when he saw Nagisa getting beaten like usual by the other kids in class A or B, maybe C or D, and had snapped. They had been friends before the blue haired boy had been sent down to the depths of End Class. And instead of passing by like every one else had, Karma stepped in. And because he was willing to help him, he was suspended for physically attacking someone for 'no good reason'. But, even when everyone else thought that he was a crazy maniac....
To Nagisa, Karma was a superhero.
And because of that day, Karma would always have something more than Nagisa's friendship or loyalty. And even if Nagisa would never say it, it was always open to him. But....
Looking away he held his bento box in his hands as he started to walk and catch up with Karma. They walked side by side in silence till they were at the back doors to the training areas. As soon as the cool air hit their faces, Nagisa saw the familiar smirk cross Karma's face. A grin spread across his own and without even a hesitation Nagisa set the box under his arm and they were both running seemingly faster than the lay breeze that was passing through.
Jumping, dodging, weaving, and darting through the field of equipment and targets, they jumped the last few feet into the forest and darted off like bullets. Nagisa didn't fall behind, nor did he let Karma out of his sight as they raced through the thickness of the forest. At one point Karma got away from him, and Nagias went even faster.
Jumping through the wall of leaves and branches, Nagisa ran into a sudden clearing. By the time he realized where he had run to, he was at the cliffs. The same cliffs that Karma and him had gone to when Karma was going to give up his own life to kill their yellow octopus-like alien/genetic experiment of a teacher.
He skidded to a stop at the very edge, the dirt beneath the tips of his feet slightly crumbling and falling to the ground bellow. He looked around, trying to see if Karma had ended up here as well, but saw no sign of the red headed trickster. He sighed and sat down, his feet dangling off the edge as he undid his bento box and started eating. Nagisa looked over the edge, staring down at the dark array of trees that looked like ants bellow him. It looked so soft.... Looked so welcoming.
It was so high up that it was perfect, should he have thought it out better. It was a nice place to.... To...
"Nagisa."
The blue haired boy turned his eyes away from the edge to see the red headed boy staring at him with bright amber eyes. His lopsided smile was missing from his handsome face, replaced by a sad frown. Nagisa had never seen him sad before.
Karma slowly walked to the edge and stood over Nagisa, extending his hand down and touched his cheek. The blue haired junior high schooler didn't even realize he was crying.
"Nagisa, don't even dare try to do what you got in your head." Pure sky blue met amber sunrise and they locked with each other. "You are not a freak."
"But... They... Most of the class...." Nagisa shook his head, breaking their locked gazes as he stood up. "Karma, most of the class looked at me like I was someone to fear. I didn't even realize-"
Karma's soft hand drew his thoughts to a halt as it gently guided his face back to look at him. There was that smile, that cocky, warm smile that made Nagisa feel butterflies in his stomach every time he saw it. He put his free hand in the soft blue hair and undid the ties, letting Nagisa's shoulder length hair fall around his shoulders, making him look more like a girl than ever.