
Do you believe in fairy tales? Such as Cinderella, Peter Pan, Beauty and the Best, and some others. Well, I don't believe in them. Why? When I was about the age of 8, I lived in Eguisheim, France with my grandma and grandpa in a big, old, run downed mansion in the valleys. It was beautiful, yet strange. There are rumors about how a beautiful witch once lived there. They said she cast all kinds of spells to make everyone's imagination and fantasies come to life whoever steps inside. Hearing that always gave me excitement flowing through my blood.
So one day, I suggested that grandma and I go up in the attic and play dress up, and tea party because there are all kinds of antiques and old things up there too look at. We both go into the attic. Old books, hats, portraits, tea cups, clocks, mirrors, and dresses was covered in dust.

"Come on grandma! Lets play!" I said. Before I started putting on an old gown, my grandma gasped.

"Look, Jacquelyn! Look what I have found." Grandma held up a velvet, bloody red box. It had rubies imbedded in gold rings that looked like vines growing wildly, and gold laces served as decoration for the ends of the box.  The piece of object looked ancient. I smiled and jumped up and down.

"We found treasure! Can I open it please! I'll be extremely careful." I begged. There was just so much excitement in my body I could barely control myself. Grandma handed me the box. Slowly, I lifted the top of the box. I gasped and picked up and black stick with green and blue diamonds on it. The tip of the stick had gold on it.

"Its a wand! Is it the witches wand?" I asked.

"I say, why don't you see if there is a name on it. Then you will know if it is or not." Grandma said as she straightens her apron.

I turn the stick and looked. Then I found some markings that looked fresh.

Innocence

I gave a questioning look. Grandma saw it " I guess that's her name, plum. Innocence."

"What kind of name is that?" I was thinking it would be something like Willow, or Scarlet. Something pretty.

Grandma shrugged. Than checked the clock "Its tea time, dear. After tea maybe you can go outside and see if you can cast some spells. Does that sound good?"

I nodded. We both headed downstairs to have some tea. After that, I went outside and see if I could cast any spells. Nothing happened, but I still had hope and kept trying.

Days have passed since then, and I never stopped trying. One day as it rained I went up into the attic again hoping to find a spell book. As I looked through the old piles and stacks of books I found a brown box. It didn't look old. I pick up the box and opened it. inside was a ripped up seal with a picture of the exact wand Grandma had found. The wand of Innocence was imprinted on top of the seal. On the back said the Celtic Fantasy shop. Seeing this made me mad, and slightly disappointed. All along, I thought it was real. Those days of daydreaming to hopefully one day cast a spell to possibly make the world happy was now gone. My chest hurt, and there was tears strolling down my cheeks. Without magic, there is no such thing as fairy tales. Fairy godmothers, elves, fairies, dragons, wizards, witches, and true loves kiss. No, it was all just a bloody lie. Rage possessed my body. I run to my bedroom to find the wand. Looking through my things, I found it. I take the wand and break it in half with my knees and throw the broken stick out the window. I watch it fall into a near by lake. Then I hear grandmas foot steps.