
"What happened? I know that I skipped class, that the teacher got fired, and that you had pissed him off." He slung an arm around Nagisa's shoulders and smirked more. "Wanna fill me in on what I missed?"
"Uh-"
"He was amazing." Kaede beamed, skipping over with her bento box in her hands. "That teacher never even saw what was coming when Nagisa came at him!"
"Well how could he?" Tomohito laughed as he sat down on the desk in front of them, unwrapping his sushi rolls. " Nagisa here just walked right up to him so calmly, then bam! Strike, slip around the back, and BOOM! Down on the ground with a knife to the throat!" The baseball kid grinned widely. "It was pretty awesome."
The green haired girl nodded as she sat down across from them in the next row. "Though, it was surprising to see Nagisa do that." Nagisa caught the slight flash of uncertainty and fear in her eyes.
"You kidding? We thought he was done for!" Tomohito rubbed the back of his head, dipping his head for a bit. "I was actually more scared for the teacher in the end though."
Karma pondered for a moment all this new information and smirked. "Well, seems I shouldn't skip out on class so much, eh Nagisa?" He ruffed the head of blue hair and smirked. "I miss all the action."
Nagisa blushed a little, looking away and down at the floor. He ducked under Karma's arm and rubbed the back of his head, giving a small grin. But he saw that flash in both the green haired girl's eyes and the baseball boy's when he did, so he let it fall slightly.
"It wasn't that cool." Nagisa chuckled halfheartedly again as he started walking to get his lunch. "I'll be right back."
He stepped to the doorway and stopped, looking in at the rest of the class. The slackers nodded to him, a kind of respect in their eyes gleaming as they bit into their food. The other kids were looking away from him, only sideways glancing a little only to dart back to what they were doing when they saw him catch their eyes. Even the teacher seemed a little on edge with him there, the way he was going slower with his sweets rather than wolfing them down at mock forty speed like usual.
Karma saw the dark look in his blue haired friend's eyes as he disappeared into the hallway. The red haired boy sighed, kicking up off the desk he was leaning on and running a hand in his red hair, his lazy golden eyes looking around the room. A smirk grew on his face as he walked to the front of the room.
"Oi, Koro Sensei." The yellow octopus-like creature looked up from his sweets, his face looking a little shocked. "Me and Nagisa will be out in the woods. Don't expect us back for a bit."
And without hearing whether or not that was okay with the teacher, Karma walked right out of the room and headed up behind Nagisa. The blue haired boy  was just staring at his lunch, an angry look on his face as he tried not to crush it in his hands. Karma gently put his hand on his shoulder, making Nagisa flinch.
"Come on, I wanna eat outside today."
Nagisa blinked, shrugging slightly after the shock. "You're dragging me along because.... Why?"
Karma smirked, shrugging slightly. "Cause I want some company." He put his hands behind his head and started walking. "And you're the only one that doesn't get on my nerves."
Nagisa smiled, shaking his head slightly. The smile on his face was strained and out of place on his face, like a mask that would slip off sooner rather than later. It was nice to know at least someone didn't look at him differently, especially with that one person being Karma.