
"Haha, I know hun." I replied. I cringed inside when I said 'hun', but I guess Simon didn't seem to notice. We pulled up to the nearest Nando's, which was only around a ten minute drive, luckily, because if we didn't live closer than thirty minutes away from one JJ would go even crazier than he is normally.
"I'll pop in and grab some food, I'll be around five minutes" I said. (Also I'm sorry I don't know if you are able to have a take away at Nando's but oh well)
"Okay, I'll practise my singing without making someone's ears bleed" he replied, while winking. I smile back at him and go into Nando's.

• FIVE TO TEN MINUTES LATER •

"Hi" Simon said when I arrived back at the car.
I stopped and glared at him and said "Hi... You look awfully suspicious, what have you done?"
"Haha, nothing. Don't worry. It's just that I was about to loudly break into a song when you opened the door" he replied.
I smirked at him and said "You're a strange one you are."
I got into the car with him and after about two minutes of sorting out the food and stuff like that. I had to break the silence because I know that after too long of silence I come out with the weirdest things.
"So.. What was the real reason why you wanted to come with me?" I asked.
"Uhrr.. You know, like I said. 'Company n' stuff.'" he replied.
"No, no. Simon, the real reason" I said. He looked up at me after staring at the floor. I could see that his cheeks were going to red.
"Well.. The thing is. I wanted to come with you to tell you something." He answered.
"What is it, Si?" I asked, confused.
"I wanted to say that.. I really like you (Y/N), like a lot. As in... I think I'm falling in love with you. You get more beautiful and sweet and just amazing every single day. And I couldn't live life without you" He said. I looked at him and felt tears form in my eyes, I never knew that he felt the same way that I did for him.
"I feel exactly the same with you, Simon. For a long time actually. I never thought you liked me this way, and I'm extremely happy that you do" I said, I looked down at my feet, and felt a warm forefinger and thumb lift my chin up. Simon looked straight into my eyes, and I looked into his. He slowly leaned in to kiss me and I leaned in too. Our lips connected and suddenly felt more love for him than I ever thought I could. After a little bit of passionate kissing, he looked into my eyes and said,
"I love you, (Y/N).
"I love you too, Simon."





Soooooo.. That was my first one shot! I hope you enjoyed it! Have a great day :)