
"(Y/N)!" JJ shouted to me from the living room.
"What do you want, smelly?" I replied from the kitchen.
"Have you got any of that chicken left?" he asked.
"Dude, last time we had chicken at the house was about a week ago." I said regrettably, knowing that all the guys would start singing 'About a Week Ago', and that's exactly what they did. I face palmed and sighed with a slight giggle. They're a bunch of idiots, but I love them. When they had decided to stop with the damn song, I saw Simon chuckling and was putting his hand over his mouth. He looked at me and winked. I could feel that my cheeks were definitely  going to blush and go red, so I rolled my eyes and turned the other way. I heard him giggle.
The only person who knew about my crush on Simon was JJ, I had told him when JJ, Simon and I were at school (which was a while ago, but JJ knew I still liked him). I also told JJ that if he ever told Simon or anyone I would beat him with a table spoon and choke him to death, so I was positive that he wouldn't tell anyone. I tried to act 'cool' with Simon. Like, not obsessed, but not stupidly rude to him to try and act off that I like him. It seemed to work pretty well.
"Nah nah but seriously... What about that chicken?" JJ asked.
"You do realise that it's probably gone off considering that it wasn't put in the fridge, it was chucked at the back of the cupboard." I slowly turned my head towards Ethan, knowing that he was the one who did it. He turned around to Harry as if it was Harry's fault and laughs when Harry said "Hey! It wasn't me, you chickenshit!" We all laughed at him and JJ because Ethan was complaining to JJ why JJ shouldn't beat the shit out of him.
"Hey, guys. Why don't I quickly drive to Nando's and pick some food up for tonight?" I asked.
"YES"
"YAY"
"PLEASE"
"WE'LL PAY YOU"
"PLEASE OMG I'LL LOVE YOU FOREVER"
"CAN YOU GET EXTRA... EVERYTHING PLEASE"
I heard these demands from six of the boys, but I could see Simon looking at me smiling after I rolled my eyes at the others.
"Okay, fine. You fat pigs."
"I LOVE YOU"
"THANK YOU (Y/N)"
"I WILL GIVE YOU A FREE HUG"
"You already give me free hugs Josh." I replied.
"I WILL GIVE YOU EXTRA FREE HUGS" Josh said.
"I love how you say free. As if I'm gonna fucking pay for a hug hahha" I said. The others laughed and were lightly pushing me out the door and giving me money to buy the food. I didn't take the money because I wanted to pay with my own money. I grabbed my house and car keys and started to leave the house when Simon said "I'll go with you."
"Why?" Tobi asked.
"Yaknow.. Company n' stuff." He replied.
I heard JJ snort at Simon and Simon turned to go through the front door. I gave him a smirk and went out the door too.
Simon and I got into my car and blasted some Eminem from the radio. Considering how much of a big Eminem fan I am, I rapped with Eminem's record 'Rap God'. When the really fast bit came I nailed it and Simon just watched me in awe and then cheered and we high-fived. (Sorry if you're not an Eminem fan, you can use other singers and rappers if you wanna)
"Ah jesus, (Y/N) you're such a legend." He said.