
Mallory:I put on a black sweatshirt and spandex. I then put my hair in a messy bun and went downstairs to see all the guys shirtless. They saw me and I fake-gagged as they scoffed.
I went on the right side of the bed, where River laid down and laid down next to him. He put his arm around my waist and I scooted closer to him and put a hand on his bare chest. I soon loosened up, falling into a deep sleep.
*~*~*~*~*~*I woke up to my alarm. I turned it off and saw the guys already up eating. I stood up also and got a piece of bacon from each of River and Corey's plates and ate them. "Hey!" They exclaimed and I laughed.
When Corey turned around, I saw a cigarette in his mouth. I gasped and took it out of his mouth. He chased me around until I went outside and stomped on it until it went out.
Corey looked furious. He dragged me by my shoulder and under the balcony. He slapped me and I fell to the ground. He picked me back up and punched me in the face. "Don't you ever take my cigarettes again." He said and dragged me out. I cried and before I walked back up, I screamed, "I hate you and I'd rather die than have you as a brother!"
I ran to the door and ran upstairs with River chasing me. I went to my bedroom and got my blade out. Before I cut my wrist, River came in and knocked the blade out of my hand. He picked me up and hugged me. "Please don't cut yourself again." He whispered. I nodded into his shoulder and cried.
River grabbed the blade and went to the bathroom. He dropped it in the toilet and flushed it down. I got ready for school once River left, but I know he was right outside the door.
I chose to wear a purple tube top, short shorts, and wedges. I put my hair in a waterfall braid and walked out to see River waiting in new clothes. I knew it.
We walked downstairs and walked to school...together. Worst mistake ever.*~*~*~*~*~*As we walked in, Brandon came up to us. "So, did you guys fuck yet?" He asked smirking. I flipped him off and we continued walking to our lockers. "Sorry Mallory. This is the place where I have to a bully." River whispered and walked away.
Once River walked away, I was turned around and pushed against the lockers. Brandon was in front of me. "Aww, your player boyfriend is gone. Looks like you're alone." He said and kissed my collarbone up to my neck, then my jawline, and my lips.
I tried to push him off but he was too strong. "Let her go!" I heard and I looked to see Corey.
"Oh look! The second player in the whole school who decided to fuck 4 girls by himself. So, where's player 1?" Brandon said. River got in front of me and pushed Brandon forward.
"Right here." He said and punched him. Corey continued punching Brandon as River led me somewhere and walked to help Corey.