
Mallory:It's already 7:00 and almost 200 people are here. They're all either drinking, smoking, dancing, or fucking. I walked around to find Corey and saw him in the kitchen. He was sucking on another girl's face. Not surprising. I kept walking until I felt someone's hand on my wrist. I turned around to see Brandon. He had a giant bruise on his cheek from me. "Hey whore." He seductively whispered in my ear. He was obviously drunk.
"I'm not your whore, Brandon." I said as he leaned his body against mine, pushing me into the wall. I could smell his breath as he breathed hardly on me.
"I can make you mine." He whispered again and I gagged quietly. He then grabbed my neck and pushed me against the wall...hard. I tried punching him, but he grabbed my hand. He threw me over his shoulder and walked up the stairs as I banged on his back. "Let me go!" I screamed and he dropped me onto a bed. He got one top of me and tried to kiss me but I pushed him away. He then slapped me and I screamed as he covered my mouth and kissed my neck and collarbone. I couldn't push him off until he was pulled off of me.
I looked and saw someone I didn't expect to see. It wasn't Corey, or River. It was...Wil. I then heard running footsteps and I saw River and Corey appear in the doorway. River came over to me as Corey went to help Wil. "Are you okay?" River asked cupping my face. I nodded and River turned my cheek to see a bruise. He scoffed and kissed me. It was sweet and passionate, not filled with hunger and lust.
I then heard the door close and no more screams and shouts. It was just muffled music and moans...coming from other bedrooms. I kissed back and River pushed me back onto the bed lightly. I ran my fingers through his hair and pulled it slightly and hung my arms around his neck as he groaned in my mouth. I smiled and pulled away as he began sucking on my neck, jaw, and collarbone as I moaned loudly and pulled him closer to me and he smiled and chuckled against my neck. "I'm ready." I whispered in his ear and kissed his neck and jaw. He groaned slightly and looked at me.
He first took off my shirt which he threw on the ground next to his. I touched both my hands to his bare chest and ran them down to his jeans. He looked down then back at me and I smiled as he unbuttoned his pants and slid them down and off the bed. He then unbuttoned my skinny jeans and slid them down, throwing them across the room. I smiled as he reconnected our lips and stood up to go get a condom.
He came back and put the condom to the side. He started kissing my neck all the way down to my chest, then my stomach where he started sucking and biting the area around my belly button piercing. He then went down to my underwear and slid it down looking at my face the whole time. He then slid down his underwear and put on the condom. He slowly slid in and I dug my nails in his back as he went deeper in. I put my head on his shoulder and bit it slightly.
After about 5 minutes, I nodded and he slowly thrusted. I dug my nails deeper in and he went faster. I moaned into his shoulder and heard him laugh quietly. I closed my eyes and felt,himself going deeper in with each thrust until he laid me down on my back onto the bed and threw my right leg over his shoulder and continued. I moaned loudly and fisted the sheets as he went faster.
I soon felt him twitch and liquid spraying into the condom and me spray onto it. He stopped and fell on top of me as I gasped. He fell beside me, pulling out, and I looked at him as he looked back. I was in pain but also in pleasure. I smiled at him as he smiled back and kissed me before throwing the condom away. We dressed in our clothes and walked out...together. We walked until we found Corey and Wil. They were smoking and playing cards.
We sat down with them, I sat on River's lap, and River grabbed a cigarette. He lit it and put it in his mouth. I smirked and Corey dealer him in. I soon grabbed the cigarette from River's mouth and put it in mine. He smiled at me slightly and I inhaled it and took it out as I exhaled into River's mouth. He then exhaled it out of his nose. We played cards until Wil got up and came back with 3 cups and a beer bottle. I put my head down and they all looked at me. "Have you not had your first drink yet?" I was asked.