
Mallory:He grabbed my wrist and yanked me back into his chest. "Don't you dare say that to me again!" He growled and slapped me. As soon as he did, I pushed him back. "What the fuck was that for?!" He shouted.
"For you being a fucking asshole!" I screamed and ran out. Instead of running to my house, I ran to the park. I always come here when I just feel beat up. I then heard, "Hey Mallory!" I looked up to see my best friend, Ellis.
"Hey." I smiled and he sat next to me. Ellis and I have been friends since 2nd grade. He was always like an older brother to me and is someone I can lean on.
"So, is Corey...still treating you like shit?" He asked. I nodded and rested my head on his shoulder.
"I just don't understand why. I mean, before mom and dad died, Corey and I were together for everything. And now, he says I'm the worst thing that happened in his life." I cried. Ellis then wrapped his arm around my shoulders and I wiped my tears away.
"So, is River and Wil the same?"
"River's the strongest, Corey is the meanest, and Wil is the nicest." I replied and soon regretted it.
"Wow, such sibling love." I heard and turned my head to see River. "I thought you guys were joined at the hip."
"Yeah, were. Not anymore." I said, standing up. "Now he just treats me like I'm worthless, like you and Wil do."
River grabbed my hand ever so slightly. "I know but still-"
"Don't you fucking touch me!" I said and yanked my arm back.
"Don't you ever act like that around me!" River growled.
"Hey! Back off!" Ellis shouted and pushed River back. "She told you to leave her alone!"
"Oh wow Ellis! You and Ian were so close and ever since you chose her side, what happened?" River pouted.
Flashback"Mallory! Please hurry and come to the hospital! Please!" Ellis cried from the other side of his phone.
I grabbed my penny board and raced to the hospital. What happened? I thought as I neared the building. That was quick.
I rushed in and saw Ellis sitting in the waiting room. No one else. "Ellis. Where's Ian?" I asked and he looked up. He weakly smiled and stood up, grabbing me and hugging my waist, crying into my shoulder.
"He-he's in the room. It was all River and Corey's fault." Ellis sobbed and we rushed upstairs to Ian's room. Once we got there and opened the door, doctors rushed us out.
I caught one glimpse of Ian. His buzz-cutted hair, his slim face. I then saw his neck: thin and bruised. He was hanged. He...killed himself. As we were rushed out, I heard a long beep go off.End of Flashback
"It was all your fault! You did that to him!" Ellis shouted, pushing River again. "He didn't deserve it!"
"Oh, he deserved every part of it." River sneered. He did not just say that. Ian never deserved to die. He was a happy, outgoing guy, and was popular too. He was a guy that could be loved by anyone.
I immediately tackled River and we went tumbling. I ended up on the bottom and River pushed himself onto me. I grabbed his arm and rolled on top of him. "He never deserved to die." I cried and was pulled off.
💕I'm back on this book!! Yay!! Btw, Ian and Ellis are my real friends so don't make fun of them or judge them. Ian never died in real life; I just had to make this interesting.
~Shayne💕