
Mallory:I walked alone to school. I don't want to go though. When we're alone at home, River treats me like I'm his girlfriend; when we're at school, River treats me like I'm worthless.
I walked to my locker and grabbed my math books. As I was walking, I saw Corey in a fight with...Brandon? Brandon said something I couldn't hear, and Corey punched him.
I then saw River and Wil grab Corey's arms and pull him back. Corey's glasses were out of place and Corey looked like he was going to kill Brandon.
I quickly walked to class and sat down. River and Wil came in, as usual, and sat next to me. Lydia sat on my left and class started. River then whispered, "Did you ever date Brandon Lopsidy?"
I looked at him and nodded. "Did you ever have sex with him?" He asked again.
"He tried to force me but I never did. We broke up after that." I whispered back.
"Well, Corey beat him because he said you were a whore." I looked at River surprised.
"Corey cares about me? That's surprising." I heard River scoff.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*I walked outside and took out my favorite book, The Fault In Our Stars and read where I left off. "Hey babe." I heard and saw legs walk up to me and squat down: Brandon.
"I'm not your babe." I scoffed and Brandon took my book and threw it. "Hey!" I exclaimed and Brandon grabbed me by the hair and pulled me up.
"I'm gonna fuck you so hard, you won't be able to stand." Brandon whispered in my ear and dragged me. I saw River look at me as he passed. I then fell and saw I was pulled down with Brandon. I looked to see River. He tackled Brandon. "What did you say, huh?! You're gonna fuck her?!" River yelled punching Brandon, and a crowd formed.
I pretended to be unconscious because I didn't want to draw attention to myself. Besides, my head hurt badly. "Oh look! The player of this whole grade and school decides to protect a girl he wants to fuck also!" Brandon shouted and they stood up. "Words out, Phoenix. Everyone knows you like her. Everyone even knows you want her."
"Well I'm not the one who had raging hormones ever since I met Mallory!" River yelled and punched Brandon again.
After 5 minutes, I was picked up and after 10 minutes, I was laid down. I opened my eyes to see Wil, Corey, and River. I moaned and saw River turn his head towards me. "You alright?" He asked sitting down on the couch and put my legs in his lap.
"I guess." I shrugged and River got a wet cloth from the table. He put it to my lip and I winced, grabbing his wrist. He stopped. "Sorry." I whispered, letting go.
"It's fine." He replied. He put it on my lip again and I smiled slightly. He soon finished. "Was it true?" I asked getting his attention. "Do you actually like me so much...you want to fuck me that bad?"
He scoffed shaking his head. "Mallory, he hasn't been updated. I haven't said that to you since two weeks ago." River replied taking my hand in his. I smiled and River bent down towards my lips and kissed me.
I kissed back and he pulled away. "Can you stay over the night?" I asked grabbing the hem of his shirt.
"We're all having a sleepover tonight anyways so yeah." River smiled and kissed me one last time before helping Corey and Wil set up the air mattress. I guess we were all sleeping in the living room.