
Mallory:As I barely ate my breakfast with Corey, River, Kiefer, and Bradley, I felt a light tap on my shoulder. I turned slightly around to see River standing there.
I turned fully around in my chair and looked at him. He had a huge smile on his face. "Yes, River?" I asked politely as I could. I didn't feel comfortable with the guys around, let alone River.
He motioned me off the chair and grabbed my hand, leading me to my room. When we got in, he closed the door and let go of my hand.
"What did you need me for?" I asked him. He bit his lip intentionally, to get me turned on, but I resisted the feeling. He then leaned in and was about to kiss me, I wanted him to, when he started teasing me by pulling away.
He did it 5 times before I grabbed his shoulders and pulled him closer, kissing him. He was taken back but eventually kissed back. I smiled in the kiss and River pulled back.
He pulled out a little box. "I'm not marrying you or anything, Mallory," he smirked opening the box. "But I want you. So what I'm asking is will you be my girl?" I smiled, nodding, and River smiled back as he took out a necklace.
He turned me around and pushed my hair out of the way. He put the necklace around my neck and clipped it. I turned back around and looked River in the eyes. "I love you." I said and smiled. River kissed my nose as we made our way downstairs.
The guys all looked at us as we walked down, hand-in-hand, towards them. "You're not mad, are you?" I asked Corey. He looked at me in the eyes.
"No, I'm not." He laughed. I haven't heard him laugh soberly since he was 13. He immediately embraced me and I was shocked. I eventually hugged back and cried my small tears of joy.----------I walked with River to school. "So Mallory, how about we go on our first date?" He asked smiling.
"Yeah, sure. When?" I said.
"How about I pick you up at 7 tomorrow?" River asked once more.
"Perfect." I grinned.
"Great! Wear something nice." River beamed and we continued walking. As we did, I heard a car honk and saw Brandon in it. "Hey babe." He winked.
"I'm not your fucking babe anymore, Brandon!" I shouted as River snaked his arm around my waist, guiding me away.
We finally made it and everyone was staring at us. Girls looked at me disgusted but I ignored them. River walked me to my locker and I got my books. He did also and we walked together to class.
Girls still flirted with River and guys eyed me up and down but we were going to stay together...and I know it.
💕Hey guys! I'm ending the book soon!
-Shayne💕