
Mallory:Corey woke up and looked around, his eyes finally looking at me. "Where the fuck were you, Mallory?!" He shouted. Then, he saw me almost burst into tears and his expression soften. "Mallory, what happened?" He asked softly, stroking my hair.
I yanked out of his tight grasp. "You're best friend is what happened." I replied and made my way up to my room. I closed the door and turned to my bed to see River sitting there looking at me. "Mallory." He said and stood up. I felt his body press against mine and I reached for the doorknob.
River soon pressed his lips against mine and grabbed my hand. He put it around his neck and clicked the lock closed. He groaned in my mouth as I slipped my tongue through his lips. As we battled for dominance, River picked me up.
He pressed my back against the wall as I wrapped my legs around his waist as he secured my thighs, not breaking the kiss. I eventually lost and his lips traveled down to my jawline and neck.
He sucked on both of my sweet spots and I moaned. River chuckled against my collarbone and lifted me off the wall. He carried me to my bed and laid me down.
I immediately pushed him up so our lips disconnected. "River, stop." I sighed firmly.
"Why should I?" He argued and started necking me. I moaned quietly and felt him smirk against my neck. "How bad are you bullied?" He whispered seductively into my ear. I didn't answer.
He took off his shirt. River smiled at me and set me on his lap. I kissed him as our clothes flew to the floor so that we were only in our undergarments.
One of his hands reached up towards my bra as one of them slid down to my underwear. I kept my hands firmly on his back and we both smiled in our lustful make out session.
"Mallory?! River?!" I heard from my doorway. We both stopped urgently to see Corey, Wil, Kiefer, and Bradley. Corey and Wil's eyes darted from the floor, where our clothes were, and then to us.
"I knew something was going on between you two." Corey growled and advanced towards us. He grabbed me and pushed me towards Bradley, who had the idea of slapping my butt.
Kiefer and Bradley held me down by sexually harassing me as Corey and Wil pounded their fists onto River. "River!" I screamed and Kiefer got a piece of duct tape, placing it over my mouth.
Bradley then picked me up and slung me over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes with ease. I screamed River's name and pounded on Bradley's back until he pushed me onto a bed.----------River:After Corey and Wil beat me up for what seemed like hours, they stopped. I heard the door open and saw Mallory in Bradley's arms. I looked more closely at him and saw that he was only in his jeans.
Bradley threw her onto the floor as she writhed in pain. "River." She whimpered. I immediately scooped her up and laid her down on the bed. "What did you do to her?!" I shouted.
"What do you think, Phoenix?" Bradley smirked. I scowled and grabbed my shirt, putting it on her. After, I put a clean shirt on and tackled Bradley, both of us falling to the floor.
Mallory:I just watched helplessly as River and Bradley were fighting as the guys watched. I groaned in pain as I tried rolling over off the bed and Corey ran to my side.
He tried helping me, but I pushed him away. I made my way to the floor and army crawled towards River. I grabbed him and pulled him off of Bradley.
He looked at me, anger flaring in his eyes. I immediately kissed him and he kissed back. I pulled away and my head fell to his chest as I breathed heavily. River held me and stroked my hair as I slowly fell asleep.