
Mallory:I saw my best friend, Lydia Jackson, on my way there. She just so happens to be Corey's girlfriend but when I'm around her, they don't touch me. "Hey Mallory!" She said and I smiled.
We walked to math together and I spotted River and Wil in the very back. They saw me too and I sat in the middle with Lydia.
After 2 minutes of boredom, our teacher came. "Okay class. Today, we're taking the test you should have been studying for over the weekend." Mr. Johnson said handing out test packets.
"Mr. Phoenix! Gum in this class is not permitted! Go spit it out!" Mr. Johnson then said and everyone turned to look...except me.
I heard him stand up and walk to the trashcan and spit out his gum. He walked back to his desk and the test started.
I was finishing the 23rd question when a piece of paper flew onto my desk. I opened it silently and it read, "What's the answer to question 15? -River."
"Your ass." I replied and gave the paper back to him and continued my test. The paper was back on my desk. "Prepare yourself for an extra beating." I gulped and gave it back to River.
After class, Lydia left to art. Great. I opened my locker to get my stuff for World Geography when my locker closed. I was turned around and I saw River. He punched me in the face and kicked me. "River, please stop." I whimpered and he looked at me surprised.
"Tell me something, Mallory: why should I?" He asked putting his hand on the locker and leaned on it.
"Because..." I started and I felt a tear fall down to my cheek. River held my face and wiped the tear away with his free hand.
"Because what?" He asked more calmly. Weird.
"Because I...I...already have enough shit going on in my life already." I whispered. He slapped me.
"1, Don't cuss when I'm around. 2, don't you dare say that sentence again or I will beat you harder." River said and let me go.
I got the rest of my books. "Why are you still here?" I asked quietly to River.
"Because I'm gonna walk with you to class." He replied and kissed my neck. I closed my locker and he stopped when I turned to face him. We then walked silently to World Geography, not saying anything.