
Mallory:"No." I responded and they all looked at each other. I saw them each get a cup of beer except me and River gave the cup to me. I looked at him surprised. "No, you don't have to drink it all." He laughed and I scoffed rolling my eyes. I touched the glass to my lips and drank one sip and coughed. They all laughed as River grabbed the cup back and drank it easily. "So, did you guys fuck yet?" Wil asked, drunk. River wasn't yet but he wasn't even close. We looked at each other and nodded. Corey smirked and I scoffed.
"Let's go play truth or dare." River said and we walked to where people were playing it. We sat down and River grabbed my waist, pulling me closer. A girl from school, Brooke Reagan, spun a beer bottle. It landed on Brandon. "Truth or dare?" She asked. Brandon looked over at me. "Dare." He said.
"Okay, I dare you to kiss Mallory Feldman." Brooke smirked at me. I silently gagged and he crawled over to me. He immediately kissed me and I pulled away and he scowled crawling back to his place. Brandon then spun the bottle. It landed on River. "Truth or dare?" Brandon asked.
"Truth." He replied and Brandon thought about it.
"If you could pick someone in this circle to fuck, who would it be?" Brandon smirked. All the girls then smiled and batted their eyelashes at him as he said, "Well, what do you think?" River spat.
"I think it's the slut you have your arm around." Brandon smirked. I shed a tear and stood up. I walked to the front door. "Mallory!" River said. I looked at him and walked out. I ran until I heard someone shout, "Mallory!" I stopped and turned to see Corey and River.
"No, stay away from me Phoenix!" I shouted.
"Please Mallory!" He responded. I shook my head and he ran over to me. I looked up at him and he put his jacket around my shoulders. I looked back down and back at him, bitch-slapping him. "I hate you!" I screamed and threw his jacket off of me. He then grabbed my neck and picked me up, walking towards Corey and I's house.
He threw me onto my bed and whispered, "You have a new punishment now." I gasped as he violently sucked on my neck and collarbone. I moaned and ran my fingers through his hair but he threw them back to me and slapped my cheek. He tore my clothes off and then his, including our underwear, and grabbed a condom out of his pocket. He tore it open and slid it on.
He then positioned himself and slammed into me. I screamed in pain and he slapped me again. He pounded into me getting deeper with each thrust. I fisted the sheets and bit my lip as he kept going. I soon came and he did too, but he didn't stop. Instead, he grabbed my leg and put it over his shoulder and kept going. It was pain mixed with pleasure...and I loved it. I bit my lip harder until I drew blood and came again as he did too. He then pulled out and got on his knees still on top of me.
He spread my legs apart and rubbed him at my slit. I covered my mouth as he stopped and bent down. He kissed my inner thighs and slid his tongue in my entrance. I moaned and he slapped my leg. I soon came and he ate me out. He then sat up and put his clothes on. I sat up too, but River pushed me back down. He got something from out of his pocket and I saw a bandana, two dress ties, a sponge ball, and a vibrator.
He grabbed both my arms and tied them to each other then the headboard with both ties. He then wrapped the bandana around my eyes and put the ball in my mouth. I couldn't spit it out. He grabbed the vibrator and slowly pushed it into me. I moaned onto the ball. It was muffled. "Which setting do you think I'm gonna put it on?" He asked in my ear, taking the ball out of my mouth.
"Hi-highest." I moaned and he put the ball back in.
"Correct." He replied and turned it on the highest setting. I moaned loudly into the ball and squirmed a little. "I'll be back in 5 minutes." He said and I heard the door close. I arched my back in pleasure, but I know it's also going to be pain.