
Mallory:The rest of the week was hell. They continued beating me...including River. He and Corey became friends again and Lydia broke up with Corey for my sake.
Today was Saturday. Great. Corey's going to invite the guys to play video games with him like every weekend. I called Lydia and she said she could come over. Thank goodness.
5 minutes after the guys got here, Lydia came. We went up to my room and I started crying. "Mallory, you need to stop this." She said giving me a box of tissues. "If River threw you away to be the bad boy he already is with Corey and Wil, he shouldn't have been with you in the first place. You deserve someone better."
I nodded in response. Soon, there was a knock on my bedroom door. Who would ever knock on my door? I stood up and opened the door to see River. "What do you want Phoenix?" I scoffed. I could tell he knew I was crying.
"Well, the guys and I are watching Stand By Me. Do you guys wanna watch with us?" River said. I looked at Lydia and looked back at River. "I thought you hate me now." I replied and walked out with Lydia and River following.
River:We all sat down and Corey got the DVD. The girls kept their distant from us. The movie then started and I moved next to Mallory. She scooted closer to Lydia but I grabbed her and sat her on my lap, holding her waist.
She started squirming and I knew she was trying to get out of my grip.  "If you keep moving, I'll beat you until you'll think you're dead." I whispered in her ear and she stopped moving.
"I was 12, going on 13 the first time I saw a dead human being. It happened in the summer of 1959, a long time ago, but only if you measure in terms of years." I heard Mallory whisper.
"I didn't know you memorized the whole movie." I whispered in her ear.
"I hate you guys till the end of the Earth, but this is the easiest way I can see you guys and not get punched or kicked." She whispered back. Wait what? I felt so bad for her. I couldn't let her be that way.
I immediately turned her head towards me and kissed her. She kissed back and pulled away for two seconds before connecting our lips again. I pulled away and I was about to kiss her when I pulled back, teasing her. I did it about 3 three times before I finally kissed her again. "I still hate you." She whispered in the kiss.
"I know." I whispered back and she smiled in the kiss as I did too. But I love you too.