
Mallory:I heard a knock on the front door. "I'll go get it." Ellis said and kissed my forehead, leaving me. Jack, Cole, and I talked until I heard, "Wil, what the fuck are you doing here?!" I ran to the hallway to see Wil standing at the front door.
I soon felt hands around my waist and I screamed as I was picked up and thrown over someone's shoulder. "Put me down!" I shrieked and I was thrown onto a bed in front of River and Corey.
They climbed on and started pounding on me with their clenched fists in anger. I cried and screamed as I saw Ellis in front of the doorway being held back by Wil.
I tried pushing River off but he slapped me and I slapped him back. He soon lightly pushed Corey off of me and straddled me, holding me close to his face. My arms couldn't move because River held them tightly to my sides.
He then whispered in my ear, "When I'm done with you, you'll be hurting so fucking bad." That was the last thing I heard before I felt River's fist collide with my cheek and I was knocked out cold.----------I woke up and looked around the room I was in. I wasn't in Ellis's room, I wasn't in Ellis's house, I was in...River's bedroom. I saw him out of a corner of my eye and he looked at me, grinning deviously. "So you're finally awake." He said quietly and walked over to me.
He climbed onto the bed and we kissed. It was slow and gentle, that's a first. I loosely hung my arms around his neck as his hands followed my sides. He soon went down to my neck and immediately found my sweet spot.
I moaned and before I knew it, he sat up right and slapped me. I stopped and he continued, biting my skin lightly to leave love bites.
He then scooped me up and carried me to the bathroom, not breaking the kiss. He set me down and we both fell to our knees. Our kiss turned with lust and hunger as we stripped from our clothing.
He then leaned forward, making me lean back, and I fell back into a harsh, stinging sensation. I gasped as River got into a plank position in the salt and reconnected our lips. I felt him smile in the kiss but I didn't want him to slap me again so I kept from smiling back.
River then flipped us over and he winced quietly at the sudden contact. I straddled him as we kissed still and River moved his hands around the floor, in search of something: a condom. I pulled away from his soft lips and grabbed the box.
I gave it to him as he smiled at me. He gladly took it and grabbed one. He opened the package with his teeth and slid it on. He flipped us over once more and the sensation the salt gave me was back. I bit my lip to keep from moaning as River pounded into me.
I held my head close to his shoulder, biting down on the skin once in a while. I felt him going deeper with each thrust and I moaned loudly, arching my back. I stopped as soon as I knew what I was doing and to my surprise, he didn't slap me. He only smiled at me.
I felt him pull out, not all the way, and he smirked at me. I anticipated what's to come and before I could even think about it, River slammed back into me. "River!" I moaned loudly.
He placed his lips on my collarbone, sucking and biting. I pulled his body closer to mine (if that was possible) and I just hugged him as he continued. He didn't seem to notice.
We soon reached our high and River sat up, throwing the condom away, and helped me sit up too. We put our clothes back on but I noticed that River was staring at me. I ignored it though and soon enough I spoke up, "How'd you do that with the salt?" I asked him.
"Do what?" He shrugged.
"I've been putting my knees in salt since I was 7 and it still hurts me. I saw you with your back in the salt and you didn't care." I explained.