
I walked to school with River and as usual, we got dirty looks. I bet they're thinking, "Why is the most popular yet most fuckboy person dating an average girl?" I didn't mind though. I love River and he loves me.
We walked to class and sat next to each other. Wil then came in and sat next to me. As we received today's assignment, I found a note on my desk. I slowly opened it and and read, "pizza & slow sex or pizza & kinky sex?"
I scoffed. Looking back at River, he looked back and shrugged. I giggled and wrote, "pizza & kinky sex." I winked as I passed the note back and worked on the worksheet in front of me.----------At lunch, I decided to sit with Wil, Corey, River, and Lydia. I sat in River's lap and Lydia shrieked, "I told you they would date!" I rolled my eyes and noticed Lydia was in Corey's lap. "Are you guys back together?" I asked.
They nodded in response and I smiled. Soon, River said, "I gotta go do something real quick. Be right back." I got off of his legs and he stood up, walking out of the cafeteria.
The rest of us just talked until the lunch bell rang. River still wasn't here. I just stood up and went to go look for him. I walked out and turned to my right to see River kissing and necking another girl I recognized from River's birthday party: Brooke Reagan. I was heartbroken. "River?" I cried.
He turned and looked at me. "Mallory." He gasped. "I-I-"
"I thought you loved me." I said.
"I do, I swear." River replied. "It's just that I thought that-"
"I don't want to hear it Phoenix!" I screamed, causing a crowd to form.
"Please Mallory!" He pleaded but I punched him. He stumbled back and I saw his cheek form a red color. "I hate you River!" I shouted.
His eyes immediately blazed and he swung his arm and punched me back. Corey and Wil held back River's arms as he struggled to get to me. I felt the necklace around me and broke it off. River stopped struggling and looked at me with heartbreak in his eyes. "Take your stupid necklace back!" I screamed and chucked it at the ground, breaking it. I felt my eye swell from his punch and I looked River in tears.
I started running out of the school. I ran all the way back to my house. I never stopped. I quickly opened the front door before the guys could catch me. I ran up to my room and locked the door, grabbing my belt.----------River:After what seemed like hours, we finally knocked down Mallory's door. "Mallory!" Corey called and we searched everywhere. She was nowhere in her room.
I finally went into the connecting bathroom and cried at what I saw. Mallory was dangling on the ceiling by her neck with a belt. I got onto the toilet seat and tried untying her.
I got the knot loose and she fell limply in my arms. A piece of paper dropped and I picked it up, stuffing it into my pocket. I carried her out and we all ran the the hospital.
They hurried her onto a gurney and took her away to a room. I led her to this. It's all my fault. We all rushed in and sat in the waiting room.
After a whole 2 hours, a doctor came out. "Family of Mallory Feldman!" The doctor called. We stood up and he led us to a hallway.
"What is your relationship to Mallory?" He asked us.
"I'm her brother." Corey replied with pride.
"Friend." Wil stated.
"Boyfriend." I croaked. The doctor then looked at us with grief and sadness.
"I'm sorry boys but Mallory had serious injuries to her neck and she passed away." He said. I immediately burst into tears as Corey comforted me. He wasn't taking it lightly but he looked better than me. "Would you like to see her boys?" He asked.