
"Beca!" I hear Jesse call for me as I gather my things. He runs up the stairs and sits on Amy's bed as he watches me.
"Am I fascinating?" I teasingly ask and he smirks. "Mind helping your girlfriend pack?"
"Oh, I can't say no when you call yourself my girlfriend." He jokes as he hops off Amy's bed and walks towards my duffel bag and I. "When I get off my plane tonight, I'll call you, okay?" I nod at him as he reaches for another shirt and places it neatly in my bag. Amy comes upstairs and face plants on her bed.
"You okay?" I slightly laugh. She groans and rolls on to her back.
"This bed is too damn comfortable too leave." She mutters as she adjusts her bra, making Jesse look at the floor.
"Where's Bumper?" I change the subject. She looks at me and playfully rolls her eyes.
"Oh, I see. You want to get rid of the fat Australian now, don't you?"
"What? No." Jesse answers for me. "I brain messaged her, because I wanted to do this." He connects our lips and after we part, Amy is gone.
"Brain messaged?" I question. He just picks up another shirt and places it in my bag. I mimick his actions as I try to hold in my laughter.
"I got your voice message, by the way." I have to admit, I'm a little embarrassed of that voice mail. "You seemed better the next day, so I didn't bring it up."
"So then, why are you now?"
"Thought I'd ask you if you still think that." He replies.
"Emily and I actually gave him a demo, so we're good." I mention, his eyes widen.
"And you're telling me this now, because?"
"I forgot about it." I admit as I bite my lip, wating for his reaction.
"Okay, looks like we're done here." He says as he zips the duffel bag and lifts it up. "Can you get your bed set stuff?"
"Yeah, I guess I'll meet you out there." I reply and he nods as he walks out of the room. As soon, as he walks out, Amy walks back in.
"I guess he'll need some alviera for that burn." Is the first thing she says when she sits on her bed.
"What are you talking about?" I ask as I stuff my bed comforter, sheets and pillows into two garbage bags.
"I forgot about it?" Amy quotes. "Dude, that is a punch to the chest, it's like, why'd you cheat on me? Oh man, I'm sorry, I forgot you were my boyfriend."
"Nice girly impression." I comment on how she adjusted her voice to go higher.
"Bec, I'm not kidding, he's probably pissed at you right now." Amy straightens her face, and I realize she's serious.
"Can you bring my stuff outside for me?" I ask Amy, she rolls her eyes, but nods, I thank her, then I run outside. I find him talking to Benji, so I wait a moment before Benji goes to tell Emily goodbye. I tap his shoulder and he turns around to see me. "Hey."
"Hey."
"I- I'm sorry. It's just, I really didn't have anyone to tell any good news to when I was little, because my parents fought all the time." I explain. "Ugh, so I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm sorry and I know I suck at apologies, but I love you." He looks down at me, and cranes his neck to kiss me. I wrap my hands around his neck and I lock my fingers as he places his hands on my waist.
"I love you, too." He smiles at me when we part our lips, which was kind of the high light of my day so far.