
Mallory:I walked to school alone. I didn't want to be with Corey right now. When I got to school, I saw River at the lockers. As I walked closer, I saw him kissing another girl. Usually, I wouldn't mind because all the desperate girls run back to him but this time it stung. I walked to my locker, right beside where he was and grabbed my books. He didn't even notice me. This is the side effect of my bullies. They love me then let me go (actually, that's just for River).
I walked to class alone and saw Brandon. "Looks like your player boyfriend cheated on you. Better break up with him if you get the chance." He smirked.
"He's not my boyfriend. He's an asshole and I would never love him." I said confidently.
"Wait, what?" I heard behind me. It was River. "You don't love me?" He asked.
"That's what I said, isn't it?" I said and turned around and punched Brandon in the face. "Now if you'll excuse me," I added turning to River. "I have a class to go to." I curtsied and walked off, leaving Brandon and River.
I walked in and we had a review packet. I got one and a note was on my desk. River, obviously. "Prepare yourself for a beating." It said and I scoffed rolling my eyes. "I don't care. You can just go home and fuck yourself." I wrote on the note and passed it back to River, who I heard opened and read it.*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*The whole day went by and I got nothing from him. As I walked home, I was immediately tackled. I fell to the ground and was turned over. There, in front of me (and on top), I saw River. "What the hell is wrong with you?!" He shouted. "You love me one minute and hate me the next?!" I slapped his arms, but his hands were wrapped around my throat.
"You're what's wrong!" I mumbled. "You kiss me and then go off with some other girl!" He scoffed.
"In case you didn't know, that's my reputation and I don't need to change it for some girl who decides she is always protected by her enemy." That word. The last word I heard before everything turned black.
River:She went unconscious after I said it. I got off her and picked her up, throwing her over my shoulder. I decided to bring her to my house even though I live right next to her. It wouldn't hurt me. I opened the door and saw no one, as usual. My mom and dad are out working, of course.
I walked up the spiral steps to my room and laid her down on my bed. "Babe, you know that when you wake up, you're gonna be in a lot of pain." I whispered in her ear and kissed her collarbone, neck, jawline, cheek, and lips before turning off the light and shutting the door.