
Mallory:I woke up. I kept my eyes closed because I heard what River said. I don't want to be in that situation whether it's a beating or...sex. Well, I don't care if it's a beating because that's what I usually get. I soon heard the door open and I heard River say, "Awake yet, babe? Or do I need to wake you up myself?"
I slowly opened my eyes and sat up, fake-yawning. He smirked. "I knew you were awake." He said slyly and I looked down. I wasn't in my bed, or my room. "Where even am I?" I asked.
"Somewhere you'll find out soon." He winked and I scoffed rolling my eyes. He then stood up and walked up to me, slapping my left cheek. "Corey knows you're here, by the way." River whispered in my ear. He then looked at me and pushed me back onto the bed. Was he...no he wasn't. Well, at least I don't think.
He stood up and got out a belt. He folded it in half and picked me up by the shoulder so I stood up. He then belted me in the side and I fell to the ground. I screamed in pain. I didn't care if he hit me harder. I just needed him to know how much he hurts me, even if he doesn't care.
He picked me up again and belted my stomach. I went to my knees and he belted my back. I screamed as he kept belting me over and over again. He then grabbed my chin. "Don't scream or else I'll make you take off your shirt." He said sternly. He belted me for God knows how much longer, and picked me back up. I couldn't even stand.
He brought me down to the kitchen and got a bag of salt. No, not like Corey. He dumped it on the floor and threw the bag away. He grabbed the hem of my shirt and pulled it over my head, dropping it on the floor. He then got on his knees and unbuttoned my jeans and slowly slid them down as I stepped out of them. Good thing I still have my undergarments. "Lie down in the salt, back first." He demanded. No, he's much worse. Corey would only put my knees in.
I didn't move. "Put your goddamned body in the salt or I'll do it myself!" I still didn't move. Instead, I just stood there. He scowled and belted my knees and I fell on them, crying. He then pushed me into the salt, which stung like hell. I cried as he got on his knees too and leaned his elbows onto the salt, on top of me. He then kissed me and cupped my face, wiping the tears away as I cried more. Eventually, he turned my over on my stomach and kissed my neck and collarbone. How is he not in pain from the salt? Even I am in pain from it and it started since I was 7.
After about 5 minutes of a mixture of pain and pleasure, he grabbed my arm and pulled me out. My body was in pain and I couldn't even stand up. River grabbed my clothes and helped me onto the couch and dressed me in my clothes. After, he let me heal for awhile before he brought me back home. "I hope you never say that ever again." He said and left me, Corey, and our house. I'm glad.