
Mallory:I sat next in my assigned seat, next to River, and got out my textbook. Corey came in with Wil and they sat in the front. Why do we even have assigned seats? We're not in kindergarden anymore.
Our teacher just gave us a boring lecture and we reviewed stuff. This class is the most boring out of all of them.
After an hour of complete boredom, the bell rang. Relaxing time! I quickly got my books and walked out of class. I put my books back and grabbed my books, lunch, and blanket.
I went out to the grass where the relaxing time takes place and set my blanket down. I sat down on it and got out my ham and cheese sandwich, which I gladly ate.
After, I took out my book, Different Seasons by Stephen King, and opened it to where I left off of his novella, The Body. I read it to myself, whispering every word, and enjoying every part of it. "Hey Mallory!" I heard and took my eyes off of the small pages to look up and see River.
He sat next to me and looked at my screen. "Whatcha doin?" He asked.
"Umm...I'm reading The Body by Stephen King from his book, Different Seasons. It's one of my favorites." I whispered. River smiled.
"Can I read a chapter?" He asked. I looked at him surprised.
"I guess." I shrugged and gave him my book, which he started to read. I read along as he read out loud and nodded to it. I smiled. "This is really good!" He said and gave my book back to me.
"Thanks." I replied. I put my book away and put my knees up to my chest, hugging them, as I looked at him. "So, why are you being so nice to me?" I asked.
"Because I...want you." He whispered.
"What? Like a girlfriend?" I asked. He shook his head in a response.
"As in want me?" I whispered and he nodded. I looked away and said, "River, I know you hooked up with every girl in this grade except me so I'm gonna pass." He nodded.
"Yeah, I get it. I understand." He sighed.
"I'll just keep this at kissing. Nothing more." I whispered. He then looked at me as I did also. He leaned forward towards me and touched his lips to mine. My lips parted slightly and River slipped his tongue into my mouth and wrapped it around my tongue.
Just as I felt fireworks burst...