
"SEVERIDE!!!" yelled Casey as he held onto his friend, struggling to pull him up on his own. "HELP!!!" Casey yelled, feeling his shoulders straining, Casey gritting his teeth. If he was to let go, Kelly would fall down two stories into flames, possibly not making it out alive. "CHIEF I NEED BACKUP.... NOW!" Casey yelled into the radio, Severide gripping tighter to Casey's arm, Casey screaming out in pain. "IM GONNA FALL!!! IM GONNA DIE!!!" "SEVERIDE!! IM NOT GOING TO LET YOU FALL!!!" Casey yelled to him, Severide looking up to him, nodding his head. __________________________"DAWSON! HERMANN! MOUCH! GO IN NOW!!!" Chief yelled as they slid on their gas masks, Hermann running in first. "CALL OUT!!!" he yelled, suddenly hearing Casey scream in the room next door, all of them quickly moving towards the screaming. "ITS SEVERIDE!!!" Hermann yelled as they all rushed over, helping Casey pull up Severide. As soon as they pulled him up safely, Severide stood up and ran out of the building, right into Sylvie's arms, her crying into his chest. "Are you okay?!" she asked him, Kelly stroking the back of her back and he watched as the people who saved him walked out of the building, Gabby throwing off her gas mask and taking a breath of fresh air. "I'm okay, thanks to Matt" Kelly replied as Matt walked past, Kelly stopping him. "Thanks" Kelly told him, Matt smiling and shrugging, wincing at the pain that shot through his shoulders. "No need to thank me. You've saved me more times than I can count" "You got that right!" Kelly joked, Matt playfully punching him in the shoulder walking away, sitting down on the curb. Gabby looked around and walked over to Matt, sitting next to him, placing a hand on his back. "Are you okay?" she asked quietly, Matt nodding his head. "Yeah, I'll be sore for awhile but other than that, I'm okay" he assured her, Gabby nodding and standing back up walking to truck. "CASEY!" Chief Boden shouted, making Matt stand up quickly and look at him, Chief smiling. "Good Save" Matt smiled back and shot a thumbs up. "Thanks Chief" he hollered back, walking over to Truck hopping in, watching as Hermann, Mouch and Dawson fought the flames. He wish he could help them, but the pain in his shoulder was so intense, he didn't even notice the tear that slipped down his cheek, splashing onto his hand rested on his lap. "Alright Truck we got it from here!" Severide told them as he noticed their faces turning red, Hermann breathing heavily. "You guys can head back to the Firehouse" "Thanks Kelly" Gabby replied as they dropped the hose, hopping into Truck and driving away, Ambo following after them. "No problem" Kelly said to himself, picking up the hose with Capp and Tony, fighting the flames that soon vanished. _________________________Gabby watched as Matt hopped down from the Truck, squeezing his eyes shut as he took off his jacket, hanging it on a post before walking away into the Firehouse, Gabby following him. Matt must've sensed Gabby's presence because he turned around and Gabby stopped dead in her tracks looking at him with her big brown eyes. "Gabby... I'm going to tell you again.... I'm fine" he told her, Gabby looking at him shaking her head. "You don't have to play tough around me Matthew Casey. I know you're lying" she said as she gently poked his shoulder, him gasping out of pain. "One.... I'm Lieutenant Casey to you, and two.... OW!!!" he said turning around and walking to his office, Gabby still following him. "Gabby! What do I possibly have to do to make you believe me?!" he asked her closing his office door, laying down on his bunk, Gabby sitting in his chair. "Love me" she told him, Matt sitting up halfway staring at her. "Love you? How?" he asked her now curious, Gabby walking over to him and sitting on the side of his bed. "By not lying to me and telling me the truth" she said lightly kissing his lips, Matts arms tingling. "Oh you're good" he told her as she pulled back, waiting for an answer. "I know" she whispered near his ear, giving him chills. "I'm just sore" Gabby looked at him and laughed. "Matt baby you are more than just sore" "Gabby, I'm telling you the truth! What?! Do you want me to go to the ER to get checked out?" he asked, Gabby nodding. "That sounds like a GREAT idea" she replied to him, Matt looking at her and closing his eyes, sighing. "If something is wrong and they don't clear me for work, let me be the first to say.... It's all your fault" Matt told her as he stood up, walking over to his desk and sitting down in his chair. Gabby stood up and looked at Matt. "How is it MY fault for wanting to make sure you're okay?!" she asked raising her voice, Matt rolling his eyes. "Gabby..." "You know what Matt..... Do what you want.... I don't care, but don't come running to me and tell me that there is something wrong and you didn't take my advice on seeing a doctor. Just know I'll be the one saying I told you so!" Gabby exclaimed as she stormed out of Matts office, Matt watching her leave. 'What just happened?' he thought to himself before getting back up and shutting his office door, sliding into his bunk and closing his eyes. _________________________Gabby walked down the hallway, her blood boiling. She was angry at Matt, angry at how hard headed he was being. Gabby walked into the kitchen and saw Sylvie who smiled at her, Gabby giving her a weak smile. "What's wrong?" Sylvie asked aloud, everyone looking at Gabby who stood by the coffee pot pouring coffee. Gabby looked back at everyone and then looked at Sylvie and she shrugged. "Nothing why?" Gabby lied as she took a sip of her coffee, Sylvie staring at her. "You just seem.... Annoyed...." Sylvie replied, Gabby laughing out loud. "Ah you know me so well!!" Gabby laughed, Sylvie also laughing. "So tell me... What did Matt do this time?" she asked, Gabby looking at everyone. "Why are you guys so nosy!!?! Come with me Sylvie" Gabby replied, walking away to the locker room, Sylvie following her just as Squad walked in, Kelly stopping Sylvie. "Where are you headed?" he asked her, wrapping an arm around her shoulders, kissing her lightly. Sylvie pulled back and kept walking towards the locker room, Kelly still waiting for an answer. "I'm going to talk to Dawson, and hear what Matt did this time around" she told him, Kelly stopping and laughing. "I swear! It seems like he is always screwing things up!" "SYLVIE!!!" Gabby shouted from down the hallway. "COMING!" Sylvie hollered back, kissing Kelly once more before continuing down the hallway and meeting Gabby in the locker room. "So.... What happened?" Sylvie asked as she sat on the bench, Gabby leaned up against the locker and sighed. "Matts being so stubborn! He doesn't care about anything I say anymore!" "Gabby I think you're reading too much into this...." "So you're taking his side now?!" Gabby asked raising her voice, Sylvie looking at Gabby, her eyes wide. "I'm sorry.... I didn't mean to raise my voice at you" Gabby sighed sitting next to Sylvie, Sylvie pulling her into a hug. "Ah it's alright. You've been through a lot lately. Who could blame ya for being annoyed" Sylvie replied. It was true. In the past month, Gabby had lost her baby, landed in the hospital 3 times, and was almost killed. Sylvie rubbed Gabby's shoulder and sighed. "You know you'll always have me to talk to right?" Sylvie asked Gabby, now staring her in the eyes. Gabby looked at Sylvie and smiled. "Yeah I do..... Thank you" Sylvie patted Gabby's knee and stood up, Kelly walking into the locker room, still covered in smoke. "You haven't taken a shower yet?!" Sylvie exclaimed as she walked over to Kelly, helping him take off his coat and hanging it in his locker neatly. "Really Sylvie....." Kelly replied looking down at himself, Gabby laughing. "Can I take one too?" Sylvie asked, Kelly glowing at the idea. "Yeah!!!" he exclaimed wrapping in arm around Sylvie's shoulder and winking at Gabby before they walked away heading to the showers.Gabby stood in the locker room alone, and she sighed. 'Hey Shay....' she said aloud, not knowing Matt was standing right behind her. 'I know you're not physically here but, I need some help. Matt and I well.... We aren't being honest to each other, and we're keeping secrets, and you know how I HATE keeping secrets. Anyways I just wanted to tell ya that I miss ya' Gabby said, suddenly feeling a strong hand on her shoulder. She turned around and her eyes went wide. "Matt......" she said, Matt pulling her into a hug, resting his chin on top of her head. "You heard?" she asked him, Matt nodding. "Every word" he replied, pulling Gabby back and caressing her cheek. He then pulled her in for a kiss and kissed her slowly, wrapping his arms around her waist, Gabby wrapping her arms around his neck. Matt pulled back and stared into her eyes and he smiled. "I'll go to a doctor and get checked out, but under one condition" he told her, Gabby staring back and smiling. "What would that be?" "You let me know what you need me to do, so I can keep that pretty little smile on your face" Matt replied back, and he watched as Gabby smiled. "Matthew Casey....." she said clenching his shirt, staring into his eyes, Matt not looking away. "You are a dream come true" she told him, Matt smiling and kissing Gabby, both of them getting lost in a moment together.