
Once upon time, after the world was created and before man was even made, a beautiful woman rose from the wind and her name was Life.
Life, like other creatures who lived with her is very joyous. She helps those who are in need and lives simply. She has long golden blonde hair which curls at the bottom, bright blue eyes that shines, and lips as red as those of rose petals. Life was stunningly beautiful inside and out.
And then, as those were happening, a man came out of black smoke. He was rugged and had cold black eyes. He was anything but Life. He was Life's opposite. His name was Death.
The first time that Life saw him, her heart thumped. She saw him as who he was. To her, he was stunning; handsome in every form of the word and dark. He was dark as the night sky. And when he looked at her, everything changed.
Death saw her as a threat. She was everything that he wasn't. She was radiant, hopeful, and kind.
"Hello."
Death's eyes widened by a fraction when he heard her voice. It was angelic. Her big blue eyes stared up at him as a smile was formed in her lips.
"Can I help you with anything?"
And then, he was captivated.
Over the next few days, Life and Death became close. They were inseparable and always together but only during night as Death sleeps in the morning and as he do so, Life helps the animals and trees to grow. And obviously, it was inevitable for them to not fall in love.
It was tragic though, because they can't be together.
After Life confessed her love for Death and after he said it back, she introduced him to her friends - the animals and trees. The sad thing is, when Death nears one of them, they die. Naturally, Life didn't want that. She loves him, yes but she would rather lose him than see all the things that she treasures die just by the sight of him.
She ended things and moved.
Death was heartbroken but that doesn't mean that he'll stop fighting for her so he followed her. Wherever Life goes, Death follows.
That was the time where man was created. Towns and Villages sprang and soon, people inhabited the planet. Life continued on moving, never stopping in one place for a year, she was always on the move and Death, well, he was still there, following her wherever she goes.
As Death was on the chase for his love, he can't help but be near people and the cause was tragic. A lot of them died and Life can no longer handle the demises that are happening so she decided to talk to Death. He was happy, Life will finally talk to him after almost a century and a half of following her around.
But it wasn't happiness that she brought to him.
"Death, you have to stop this." She whispered with a pained look. He looked at her before shaking his head. "You have to let me go." She added "I need you to let me go." She said. Death continued to shake his head. "People have died, Death. If you keep following me, they will continue to die and I don't want that." She murmured.
She walked towards him and reached for his face to caress it. He closed his eyes and savored the feeling and the moment. He knew that after this he would have to let his love go. She watched as he reopened his eyes and for the first time, Death showed emotions. He was sad and in pain.
"I love you." She whispered.