
I took my first steps down the dark hallway, knowing I would probably regret my decision later. My mind flashed back to the last week of my life, and the decisions I had made to lead up to this point; first of all to enter that chat room. For most of my life I've felt lonely and wanted someone to love me. For awhile that's how it was , but once I started to talk to him, he made everything different. He made me feel like someone actually cared. At the age of fifteen, I didn't know much, but about a few things I was almost certain--one, I was into this situation much further than I had ever intended; and two, I was in for the most danger I knew I would ever experience. Yet, I didn't know why.
His name is Eli--or at least that's what he told me. In complete honesty, I had ever met the boy--or man (he could be, I was still unaware)--in my entire life. I didn't know his age, whereabouts, or how he had come to find me but what I did know, was what I could feel beating in my chest was my heart. It's pace grew steadily faster as I walked down the hallway as I approached the mere stranger who I had promised to meet; a stranger who had done everything to encourage me in my decisions up to this moment.
It was merely seconds later when I saw him. arely three inches taller than me, he had a similar appearance to a man I had always seen in my dreams. Even considering this, I still wasn't able to determine his age. Yes, he was the man I had seen in my dreams, in my half sleeping half conscious trance that I had become accustomed to in the past few weeks. I never thought I would be here; to see him at all had been a mere dream in my waking presence. And now that dream was coming true.
It only took him a single moment to acknowledge my presence. And then he spoke, with a warm smile spreading across his face. It was as if he was the only other thing that existed in his life or any other I would ever have the possibility of experiencing. He was my all, my only reason for living now. He brought light into the darkness I called my world.
"You must be Eleni. Forgive the pretense." He stayed where he was momentarily, and then inched closer until he was a mere few steps away.
"Wh?" The man didn't let me finish.
Moments later, I felt something warm against my lips. In my young age, I had never experienced anything like this. I had lived a secluded childhood, not speding time with anyone but myself. I was a loner, so to speak. I had decided it was time to change, thanks to the man who now had his lips pressed gently against my neck.
As this mere boy pressed his lips to mine once more, for the first time I felt a fire and ice I could not contain. I slowly tangled my fingers into his unruly, yet neatly done hair pressing my body closer to his, closing all space between us. He pulled me closer, pressing his lips to mine, more insisting than he had been before. Then, just seconds later, he pulled away.
"I'm sorry," he told me. I wondered at the apology, he had done nothing wrong to me. In fact, in my eyes, he had done everything exactly right.
I tried to speak, but when I  opened my mouth, no words came out. I felt a sudden terror adn then just a moment later, I blacked out and lost all sense of anything. I was engulfed by my own darkness, and all I could feel were the now familiar arms around me as he carried me to somewhere I wasn't aware of. Soon enough, even that sense of motiion was lost to me, and I was shrouded in entire darkness.