
Ana sighed as she walked into the library, dripping rain water from her hair and clothes. She was glad that she wasn't out long enough for her newly-died hair to start dripping pink. She was also glad that she decided against her white 'aliens r real' shirt. What she wasn't glad about was the reason why she was at the library.

Tyler tapped his nails on a wooden table as he waited for his current girlfriend, Ana, to come over to him. He knew it was raining, so Ana was probably driving slowly to be safe, but he couldn't help but be impatient. He thought of her lilting giggles and the way she has trouble keeping a hair color for more than a month at a time. She was all he ever wanted, and all he ever needed.

Tyler's eyes shot up as a hand was placed on the table. He recognized the chipped nails to belong to Ana's hand. He caught a whiff of her cinnamon perfume and smiled, his left dimple showing. His smile quickly fell when he saw her expression.

Ana was uncomfortable. It wasn't because of what she was about to do, because she had done the 'heart-breaking' thing many times, but because she had to do it in such a public way. If there was anything Ana hated more than whiny children it was her business being public. Her gray eyes turned to steel as she looked at the boy in front of her.

"Hey Ty, it's been a wild ride but I'm out. See ya, well, never!" She smiled and walked away. A hand caught her arm, burning hot compared to her icy skin. Icy skin for an icy heart, Ana mused.

She stared at the boy, who was near tears, impatiently. He looked like he was about to scream and cry at the same time, and frankly, Ana didn't want to be around for it.

"Hun, let me go. I know you had some crazy expectations for this, for us, and for me to actually like someone. I was using you for your car. Now I have one of my own, and I don't need you. We were only together for a month, cut the bull. I don't care what you do after this, as long as you never try to contact me again." Ana calmly stated.

Tyler let her go, and after about ten minutes of waiting for her to surely be gone, he went and sat in his car. It hurt to sit in it, as Ana used him for it, but he needed somewhere to break down in privacy. He spent two hours crying about his lost relationship, and pondering how somebody could be so cold. His only comfort was the raging storm happening outside of his beat up red truck. The sky seemed to be crying along with him.

Ana, meanwhile, was chuckling, warm and dry in her room, about the idiot that fell for her. Ana, notorious heart-breaker, falling in love. What a joke, the girl thought, as she braided her hair. Tyler hated it when she braided her hair, she remembered.