
Ashton's POV
Today was rainy, but my roommate and best friend, Sam, wanted, no made, me run down to the corner market, for milk, for pancakes, man do I love pancakes... anyway, I grabbed my huge, black sweatshirt and walked outside and walked down to the corner market.
"Ugh I hate rain." I mumble, as my fabulous dyed red hair got soaked. But at least I'm almost there.
I sighed, "Why can't I find the stupid milk!?" I almost yell out, but at least this place isn't as crowded, maybe two workers and some random guy- who I mistakenly bump into.
"A-Ah, s-sorry.. I d-didn't mean to.." I apologized shyly, and walked away before he could ever reply, he doesn't look friendly...I glance back ek! His like, staring at me like a hawk! I move away quickly as possible and find this worker, named Fred, huh I wonder if he is like the same Fred from Harry Potter..no Harry Potter is fake.
"Need some help?" Fred said, while looking down. Dang, he is tall, at least 6'5 or something. Curse my 5'1 height... I can barely reach the cookie jar from the top shelf.. whoa, getting off topic.
"Hello? you there?" Fred laughed as he asked me this. I should reply. Ah, I'm going to sound like an idiot.
"O-Oh yeah! I am, haha.." I reply nervously. "Oh! do you happen to know where the milk is?"
"Milk, you say? Ah, yes I do, please follow me." I laughed, he sounded so stupid, but funny at the same time. So after a couple of minutes, of talking and getting milk, I got his number and I suppose were friends? I hope he doesn't have a crush on me, that would be awkward. As, you can tell I am very straight. Straight as a pole.
Quarter to 10 is when I got home, I wish I got home sooner though...because Sam was asleep, so that means I- I mean he can't make pancakes. Once I put the milk away, I walked over to Sam, and smiled. 'He is so cute he sleeps!' WHOA, I did NOT just think that! He's my best friend! He's a GUY for crying out loud! Plus, I'm straight! No way in hell am I becoming gay, not that that's bad, I don't care if you are or not. All I'm saying is that I'm straight. Always have been. Always will be. End of discussion.
The next morning, I woke up, to Sam sleeping next to me, I start to freak out, because what if we did...that so I quickly lifted the blanket to see if he still has his boxers on, oh thank god, he does. I almost had a mini-heart attack. I was not going to have my first time with a guy (since as you know I'm straight) and my best friend god!
When I got out bed, I put some clothes on, went to my room to get my phone- hey, there's a text message! From...Fred!
Fred: Hi! I know it's really early, but I was wondering if you wanted to get some coffee or something?
"Hm... Coffee? I could use some coffee.." I mumbled to myself, smiling a little.
Me: Sure! What time? I replied, I was about to put my phone in my back pocket, until it buzzed again, showing Fred. Aw, he replied so quickly, how cute!....I DID NOT JUST THINK THAT! Nope I didn't.
Fred: How about 11:30 at Mike's Coffee shop?
Me: Okay!
-------------
The end of the first chapter~! I hope you enjoyed~!! I will have the next chapter soon~! (Im actually writing it right now XD )
OH! And i don't update daily so sorry for a long wait, it can go from long to short if i feel motivated ^ ^ SO UH BYEEEEEE