
^^Picture is McKenna
McKenna
Now, I don't mean to be narcissistic or anything, but I'd just like to say that I totally had my life planned to the T. I had it made. Graduation was in two weeks and I'd have my dream job moving out to California and taking the job as a high school band teacher. Obviously I'd take my boyfriend with me. Dylan was my high school sweetheart, and I knew I would be spending my life with him. I finished setting up plates for dinner before I heard a key in the lock of the door and smiled running to greet Dylan.
"Welcome home!" I said excitedly and tackled in a hug, he chuckled dropping his bag and wrapping his arms around me. "How was your first day! You have to tell me all about it, did you make friends? Do you like it-"
"Babe, calm down." He said laughing and putting me down. "I met a couple of cool guys. We're going out for drinks this weekend." He explained shrugging.
"No girls right?" I ask jokingly and pointing my finger at him. He smiled and pulled me into a hug squeezing me.
"Well there's this one girl. She's amazing and beautiful and oh so sexy." He said playing along with me and looking down at me and moving my hair out of my face.
"Oh what's her name?"
"McKenna Leigh Wesley." He answered cheekily and kissed my nose.
"Oh shush c'mon the lasagna is done." I said walking away while he grabbed my waist and pulled me back to him and kissed my neck.
"The lasagna can wait." I giggled and followed him. It was times like this that I really loved. I loved being with Dylan and thinking about a life with him in the future. Sure, I'd be leaving my friends and life in Phoenix behind, but nothing could ruin my mood right now, I was on top of the world
Vic
"ALRIGHT THIS IS OUR LAST SONG AND I WANT TO HEAR YOU WITH ME!" I screamed loudly in the microphone while the crowd screamed excitedly while I stood in front of the microphone and looked down at my guitar catching my breath quickly before Tony started the song and I started singing.
This world is about to change!
1,2! 1,2,3,4
Look into my eyes
And write down the words you taste!
Blood on your tongue with a crass embrace
A photo taken on the day we met said
I pointed the Mic towards the crowd and smiled placing my hand behind my ear signaling to them I wanted to hear it as I mouthed the words with them. "THIS WILL BE A NIGHT WE WONT FORGET!"
I smiled as I pulled the Mic back, placing it on the stand and playing my guitar part while nearing the end of the song.
This is the breath that will take my life! There is no future but matches and propane
And through the mutated words I write
Kill it fast and never watch it DIE
The speakers blared at the end while I stood there breathless and smiling like an idiot before bringing my microphone to my mouth.
"Thank you! We're Pierce The Veil! Goodnight! We love you all!" I said as I walked off the stage all sweaty to see a surprise meet my eyes. My girlfriend Ronnie was standing side stage smiling like an idiot as I ran to her and picked her up spinning her around while she laughed. I put her down and cradled her cheeks before placing a sweet kiss on her lips.