
Joe
After we both pulled away from the kiss, we sat down for breakfast. I was watching her eat with a smile on my face and she smiled back. I meant to ask her a question last night, but I didn't have the guts to yet. After breakfast I took her hand the hand and led her to the living room. We both sat down, I turned to her and asked her if she would like to go on a date with me tomorrow night, she said yes. I told Julia I would be taking her home around 5 pm, so she could go shower and get ready to leave. About thirty minutes later Julia came downstairs and told me she was ready to leave. I nodded and told her that I was ready as well and that I would take her home now. We hopped in the car and she gave me directions on how to get to her house. When I pulled into her driveway, I just remembered that there was going to be a bonfire with my friends at the beach tonight, so I asked her if she would like to go. She said yes and that I have to introduce her to my friends when we were there. I chuckled and said okay. I told her I would pick her up at around 7 pm so we could head to the beach. She nodded and then did something that I didn't expect at all. She leaned in and kissed me, I kissed back and a minute later we both pulled away. We said bye to each other and I pulled out of the driveway with a huge smile on my face.

Julia (POV)
Oh my gosh! Joe just asked me to go to a bonfire tonight! I need to call Chloe and ask her to come over and help me choose what to wear! I called Chloe and told her. She said she would be here soon. I saw Chloe pull up to my house in her car, so I ran to the door and opened it. I dragged Chloe inside and pulled her into my room. I told her that I picked out three outfits to wear tonight over my bikini. She chose the shorts and a long sleeve shirt. I looked at the time and it said 6:45 pm. Joe was going to be here soon so I told Chloe thank you, and I'll see you soon. She said no problem, walked out of the door, got in her car and drove away. At 6:55 pm I saw Joe pull into the driveway in his car. I saw him get out of his car and walk up to the door, he rang the doorbell and I opened the door. He told me that I looked great and I told him the same. I grabbed my purse, he took my hand, and led me to his car. We both got into the car and headed for the beach. Once we got to the beach, I saw a group of people standing in the parking lot, I assumed those people were his friends.

To be continued....

Continuing with this part soon. There will be a second part to "Bonfire at the beach" up soon. Hope you enjoyed it!