
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT I SAW THE BOYS LAST NIGHT😭 NIALLS LAUGH WAS SO FUCKING CUTE AND I MISS THEM SO Much! AHHHHHH
And one question.. I updated the app and now I don't know how to change the text type or what I'm gonna call it.. I can't even manage to read it myself😭😂 help me guys , it's an iPhone 4 if it Helps---------------------------------------------------It has been two hours and Harry was still here with me. He held me super tight and his warm breath was so relaxing. Soon someone knocked on the door. Harry didn't think about it and neither did I. It continued knocking and soon after just ignoring it Niall and Louis was standing right in front of us. "Hey? What about letting us in?" Louis said. I just looked at him and smiled. "You did it yourself, so why should I stand up?" Harry laughed at him. Niall sat down next to me and Louis sat down next to him. "Where's the others?" I asked them after I sat up. "I have no idea, haven't seen them since yesterday" Niall said and looked at Louis. Since I saw them again they have been so weird.. Louis, Harry and Niall aren't the same.. -30 minutes later-We didn't talk so much, it was so awkward to sit here being so quiet with these boys.. It was always something to talk about. "I'm going out for a minute" I said and walked out the door. Harry respected it and sat there, but Niall came after me. What did he want? And soon Louis followed him. "We need to talk" Louis said and closed The door behind him. They sat down next to me and Louis looked at me with those adorable eyes. I have never thought about Louis like this.. Weird? "Well, Ina dumped me" Niall started. What?! Ina dumped him? "Why or what?" I asked him. "I love you" Louis said after a few seconds. I was so in shock.. "And same with Harry.. And Ash actually, but we know you won't go back to him.." I didn't know what to say, but I had to do something.. "How long" I asked shy.. Niall didn't answer, but Louis looked at me with those eyes and just I actually liked the way he looked at me.. "Since I met you the first time.." -1 hour later-Louis and Harry was gone home and I was on my room while Niall was downstairs fixing some food for us. We got a pretty close relationship since me and Harry got friends again. I know that I'm a slut, aren't I? First Harry, then Ash, then Harry again and now Louis? Okay, yes I'm a fucking slut.. I felt the tears stream down my face and soon Niall came in and saw me crying.. "What's wrong?" I looked up at him and tried to speak. "No, just.. No" i said and hid my face in my pillow. Niall sat down on the bed and rubbed my back. "Tell me what's wrong" he said once again. "I'm a fucking slut Niall! Okay?!" I cried even more and Niall stopped. "What did you just say? You can't say that about yourself! You're beautiful and not a slut, okay?" I turned around and hugged him tight. We layed down on the bed and cuddled up.. Nialls hugs are the best