
That kiss.. The kiss was perfect.. I knew that it would be weird to kiss him again, but it felt so right! He was the one.. The one I would share my life with.-1 week later-Me, Casey and Denny sat on my room in my new apartment.. It was so perfect to live alone for once. But I miss living with my mom and Andreea.. I was going to hang out with Ina today so I had to get ready. I found my clothes and ate some breakfast before I fixed the dogs. I miss Harry so much. I haven't seen him since the day I got home.. I do really love him, but how can I tell him that? I did in the car, but I don't know if he believed me or not since I haven't hear from him since that.. When I was ready I walked out and down to the park to meet Ina. I hugged her and then we sat down and talked for a long time. Soon I saw something that I regonized. Something tall and curly.. It was Harry! Ina took over the dogs and I ran over to him. He saw me and opened his arms for a hug with a huge smile on his face. "Omg I've missed you so much!" Harry said to me with a smile. "I've missed you too!" I saw that Niall, Louis, Liam and Zayn (he hasn't left in this story) was right behind him looking at us. I know what they think.. 'Are they together again?' Well no.. Probably Niall is just thinking of food since he doesn't look at us at all.. I walked over to them and gave them a hug each and then I walked back to Harry when two girls came over to them. "Aren't that Maybelle?" One of them said. The other girl nodded and looked at me like I was a murder or something.. "Are you together again?" One said. I was sick of them asking about that! My twitterfeed is just questions about that.. "No, we're not a couple anymore" I said and looked at Harry who just looked at the ground. I don't want him to be hurt or anything, but don't they deserve to know the truth? "Okay.. Can we get a picture with you people?" The second girl asked. Louis said yes and we all got on the picture.  "Thanks!" She said and walked away. They was still looking at me with angry eyes.. What the hell did I so to them?!