
Julia
When we got out of the car, Joe led me to the group of people in the parking lot. They were all really close friends of his. We all walked down to the beach and sat down in the chairs in front of the fire-pit. It was about 8:30 pm when we showed up at the parking lot, so it was starting to get cold, but I tried to make it seem like I wasn't cold so no one would notice. Joe ended up noticing and pulled me in close. I don't really think any of his friends cared. I think they were happy that he finally had someone that made him smile.  Joe asked me if I wanted to take a walk on the beach for a bit, I said yes. We told the group we would be back soon.

Joe
I really like Julia and hopefully she feels the same way. The reason why I asked her if she wanted to take a walk was because I wanted to ask her a question. I'm really happy that I met Julia. I took her hand and led her to a secluded spot on the beach so we could be alone. I sat down on the sand and she sat down next to me. I finally spoke up and said that there's something that I've been wanting to ask you. She said okay, what is it? I took her hand and looked her in the eyes. "I know this is sort of sudden, but I really like you. You make me smile, you are beautiful and extremely talented. Will you be my girlfriend?" Julia sat there with a smile on her face, leaned in and kissed me, then said does that answer your question? I smiled and kissed her again. I told her we should probably get back to the others so I took her hand and helped her up. When we got back to the group, everyone had their eyes on us and our hands. Some of the group said "Oh my gosh we have a new couple!" while others just said "AW!" I sat down on a chair and put Julia on my lap. I kept smiling at her while she was talking to the group. She looked really happy and I was happy to finally have her as mine. Everyone was so busy talking that we didn't even notice that it was 1 in the morning. I told everyone and they said "wow..I guess we better go...Julia we'll see you again right?" She said yes and hugged them all. I took Julia by the hand and led her to the car after we said goodbye to everyone. When we got into the car Julia asked me if she could possibly stay at my house tonight. I said "You can stay whenever you want" When we got to my house I gave her some pajamas to wear and we both climbed into bed. She put her head on my chest, I kissed her forehead, wrapped my arm around her waist, and then we fell asleep.

I really enjoy writing this for you guys! Thanks for reading, hope you liked it! Next part up in a couple of days!