
JoeJulia and I talked for a long time... I was starting to get tired so I asked her if she needed a ride home, she said that her house was a little ways away from here and that she didn't want me to drive that far this late at night. I offered for her to come stay at my place for the night and then I would take her home tomorrow.. She said are you okay with that? I don't want to intrude on you... I told her it was fine.. She asked me if I had any pets. I told her that I have two cats named Waffle and Pancake, she told me that she loves cats. When we got to my place I told her that I would give her a pair of my sweatpants and a t shirt. I also told her that I have a guest room that she could sleep in and if she needed anything she could come get me. I told her that my room was right down the hall, she said okay and goodnight Joe. I told her goodnight as well. At about 3 in the morning I was awoken by a really bad storm, so was Julia. She came into my room and said I know this is totally inappropriate, but I'm scared of the storm...can I sleep with you? I held up the covers for her to get in. She looked uncomfortable when she came into the bed, so I told her she could rest her head on my chest. She told me thank you...I took a chance after she put her head on my chest. I kissed her forehead and wrapped my arm around her. We both fell asleep right away..
I woke up the next morning. Julia was still asleep. I looked at the clock and it said 10 AM. I saw her starting to wake up, so I kissed her forehead and said good morning beautiful. I saw her blush immediately. I started smiling really big, I got up from the bed and went to the bathroom to brush my teeth and grabbed a brand new toothbrush for her. I told her I had another toothbrush that she could use. She told me okay thank you Joe. After we were both done in the bathroom, I told her that Blanda left some clothes here and never came back for them, would you like to pick something out of them to wear for today? She said sure, so I took her hand and led her to where Blanda left her clothes. I told her to take her time and that I'll be downstairs making breakfast. She nodded and smiled. She came downstairs ten minutes later and I asked her if she had anything going on today, she told me she didn't so I asked if she would want to hangout today. She told me sure I'd love that. I told her something that had her shocked for a minute. I said "I'm falling for you" she just had a big smile on her face, so I went up to her pulled her in closer and kissed her passionately.
Next part up soon, I know it was a bad ending, but I thought I had enough stuff in this part. Hope you liked it!