
Rosie closed her eyes as a few tear drops glided down each cheek from the edge of her eyes. The words she had just heard crushed her from within. They resounded in her head like someone had placed them on repeat. Her heart could not bear the questions racing through her mind...
Had she just been denied her dreams?
Will she go through life unfulfilled?
Did she deserve to be unequally treated?
Was it wrong to be female?

The sound of her father's voice remained clear and stern. This was a man who loved her. One whose job was to protect her and help her achieve her dreams. These very dreams he crushed as the words left his lips... "I will NOT educate a female child!"  Why couldn't he look past her gender? Why didn't he see she was an individual whose passion was to read? She loved the formal educational system and aspired to be a professor someday. It meant everything to her and she wasn't about to give up so easily.
"Please father" she begged as the tears were slowly becoming a stream.
"I've always..."
"Enough!!!" her father cut her off abruptly.
"You will not speak of this again." He continued.
"Take your place as a woman and stop this incessant rambling. You will end up in a man's kitchen anyway... I have no intention of wasting any of my money on the education of a female child."
At this point she knew there was little or nothing she could do or say to sway his decision. She felt helpless and had a particular distaste for the word 'kitchen'. Of her father's five children, she was the only female. Being a middle child, she had watched her older and younger brothers being sent off to school. They had the right to pursue their dreams simply because they were male. This thought left a burning sensation as it pierced through her heart. The air around her suddenly became sickening. She looked over at her father who was sitting on a couch and reading a newspaper. He was truly done with their conversation... if she could call it that. She walked into her room and shut the door behind her as the only place she could find solace was sleep.
The sound of the school bell came from a distance and with a smile on her face, Rosie quickened her pace to get there before the gates were closed. When she eventually walked through the gates, joy enveloped her essence. This was school, the one place on earth she felt she belonged. She could hardly contain herself as she dashed towards a classroom by the left wing of the building which had the tag "Class One" above the door. Just as she was about to get in, she heard someone scream her name from behind.

"Rosie!!!"  The sound of her mother's voice jolted her back to reality.
"It is time to go to the market." Her mother said without paying much attention to her. "You know better than to be asleep at this time of the day!"
"I'm sorry mamma." She responded sleepy eyed.
"Can I get five more minutes of sleep please?" She asked.
"Do you think I'm here to joke with you?" As her mother marched angrily towards her, she jolted out of bed and in that second, it struck her. All she needed was her own decisive action. She had a plan and she was determined to go through with it.

*
Augustine Chife walked into Efetobore's living room as he exchanged greetings with his friend. The two men shook hands and laughed at intervals as they took turns to chant each other's' praises. It was common practice in the Emevor community of Delta State Nigeria, for men to greet each other in this manner. Efetobore motioned his friend to the large settee directly facing the black and white television that was the only source of entertainment in the room. Just before taking his seat, Augustine pulled a stool close to the settee and placed a black nylon bag containing some drinks on top it.