
"You will not question my authority in this house." Efetobore continued.
"Some of your mates already have two children and are fulfilling their role in life which is to cater to their husbands. You stand here and spill this nonsense about getting an education. How many girls in this village do you see going to school? Augustine is a titled man and I have given him my word. No child of mine will embarrass me like that! What did I say?" He barked.
"That I will not embarrass you." She managed to mumble amidst tears.
"Better..." he barked as he stormed out of the living room.
"Mamma!" Rosie cried as she ran towards her mother's room.
"What is it her mother asked?"
Still crying profusely, she narrated the events that had just transpired to her mother. Justina had a smile on her face and shook her head a few times before motioning to her daughter to come close to her.
"Listen to me my child." She said as she placed her hand on Rosie's back rubbing it to calm her down.
"As women, it is our place to get married and tend to our husbands and children."
"Mamma... you know that I've always wanted to be a professor." Rosie said amidst sniffing.
"How am I gonna do that if I marry Mr. Chife now? He has three wives already mamma."
Her mother took her face in her hands as she spoke.
"Your father has another wife my darling. This has not stopped us from living together happily as a family. Never forget this, you are not a man and as such your dreams should be limited to the kitchen."
If only she could erase that word from existence! She quickly brushed that thought aside as she focused on her other plan.
"Please mamma." She said. "Send me to school if father would not."
Her mother smiled.
"You truly are naïve Rosie. Even if I wanted to, I can't. I don't have any money of my own."
"This is exactly why I don't want to remain uneducated mamma!" Rosie cried.
"I want to be able to give my female children an education if their father refuses."
"Shut up!" Justina became sterner.
"This nonsense talk is what makes me want to ship you off to Chife's house as soon as possible. Maybe you would finally accept the truth there. There is no place for women in the world!"
Rosie's heart sank as heard her mother's version of reality. This will never be me. She thought to herself as she walked to her room wiping away her tears.