
"Our people say... 'If you see a toad in the afternoon, it is either pursuing something or something is pursuing it'" Efetobore stated as he glanced at his friend with a hint of suspicion in his eyes. Augustine laughed heartily as he relaxed into the sofa.
"You have always been a wise man." He responded.
"And yes as you must have guessed by now, I indeed have an agenda."
"Very well... Very well... my good friend. Before you enlighten me on this agenda of yours, let us take a few drinks as it is customary to welcome friends into your home with drinks."
"Rosie!!!" Efetobore yelled at the top of his voice. "Serve drinks to my guest."
Shortly after, Rosie walked into the living room and placed a tray of drinks with two glass cups on the table. She genuflected to greet Augustine who was a little older than her father before exiting the living room.
"Now that you have been welcomed, out with this agenda of yours." Efetobore urged his friend.
"Very well then." Augustine cleared his throat before continuing.
"You are well aware that I am a titled man. As such, it is a thing of pride for me to display my affluence with the number of wives I marry."
"Hmmm..." Efetobore nodded in agreement.
"I would like to take your daughter Rosie as my fourth wife."
"This is fantastic news!" Efetobore responded with a broad smile across his face as he sprang to his feet. He chanted some more praises at Augustine before proceeding to shake his friend's hand.
"I am indeed honoured to have a man of your caliber as an in-law. I will get Rosie informed immediately and we would start preparations for the event."
"As it is customary to approach the father of one's wife to be with drinks, I have brought these to make my intentions known to you." Augustine said as he picked up the black nylon bag from the stool and handed it to his friend.
"I will take my leave now."
"Go well my friend." Efetobore said to Augustine as they walked together to the door exiting the living room.
"You will hear from me shortly."

*
"Baibee..." Rosie's father called out to her as he walked back into the living room. That was the name he called her whenever he was happy with her. As soon as she stepped into the living room, he exclaimed.
"You are going to marry my friend Augustine! He has just asked for your hand in marriage."
"God forbid!" She retorted.
"Watch your tongue young lady." he fired back.
"I have made my decision and it is final."
"Please father..." tears now flowed freely down her cheeks.
"I do not want to be married now. I want to go to school and get educated..."
She had barely finished that sentence before he struck her across the face in what Nigerians refer to as a "dirty slap". The sharp pain that followed stopped her from speaking any words for the next thirty seconds.