
"TURN DOWN FOR WHAT?!" Natsu screamed into the microphone.
"You stupid fire breather! That was my turn!" Gray screamed back.
"You should be faster next time!" Natsu growled.
"Not like either of you could pull of singing." Gajeel sighed rolling his eyes.
Levy, who currently trapped in a iron grip of Gajeel's arm, giggled slightly.
"Like you can sing either! You sound worse than wore out bag pipes!" Pantherlily said.
"Lily....I think you're drunk." Happy sighed.
"I am not! I am a warrior! Warriors do not drink irresponsibly!"
"Honestly. How can you not have enough self control as to know when you're drunk?" Carla facepalmed.
"Come on Carla leave them alone." Wendy told the cat.
"You should listen to her!" Lily agreed nodding his head.
"Please be quiet you ungrateful slob." Carla said brushing her fur where Lily poked her.
"Hold you liquor cat! Be a man!" Elfman roared over the blaring speakers.
"Good sir, would you teach me the ways of being....a man?" Lily asked.
Yes, the Fairy Tail guild was celebrating who knows what. And yes, most of the are drunk off their ass.
"God Lily, just go home already...." Gajeel face palmed.
"Okay you brats! Listen up!" Master said from the stage.
He threw Gray and Natsu from the stage and picked up a microphone (more like tore it from Natsu's hand and slapped him in the face).
"Let me show you kids what good music is....Hit it Mira!"
"You ain't nothing but a hound dog,
Cryin' all the time,
Well you ain't never caught a rabbit,
And you ain't no friend of mine!"
"Boo! Get off the stage Gramps!"
"Send Gajeel back up!"
"Please Gods makes it stop!"
"Shut up! Shut up all of you! I'm an amazing singer!" Gramps hollered.
"Take it easy old timer! Let me show you how it's done!" Laxus said.
Everyone backed away a little bit. (Now would be a good time to start the video and BTW I only watched like the first 30 seconds of it so I don't know what happens after that)
The Thunder Legion was behind him doing some sort of background vocals. Then the guild was quiet.
Freed was saying the word thunder in tune with the background.
Great. The legendary Thunder Legion is now the new Barden Bellas (who ever gets that reference I love you).
Laxus got to finish his song of course. But poor Natsu, Gray, Gajeel, Elfman, and a VERY drunk Pantherlily got knocked out in the process. Apparently Laxus is protective of a microphone when he's drunk.
"Alright! It is our turn now. Laxus, give me the microphone." Erza said.
"No way woman." Laxus growled.
"Give it now." she growled back.
"No!"
"Yes!"