
"Back off! It's mine and you can't take it!" he cried.
Yes ladies and gentlemen, Laxus is crying over a microphone that isn't really even his.
"Who run this mother? GIRLS!" Lucy screamed from the stage.
"LUCY NOT YET I HAVE TO GET THE MICROPHONE FIRST!" Erza screamed.
"Where them girls at?" Levy sang along.
"WHAT DID I JUST SAY LEVY?!"
This ended up with Erza chasing the two with Happy somehow tied to her belt.
"THIS ISN'T FUNNY NATSU!" Happy said with tears in his eyes.
"Sure it is little buddy!" Natsu reassured him.
"For you maybe, but for me it's horrible! What if she sits on me with her big butt?!"
"What did you say cat?" Erza death glared.
"I-I said don't you think Jellal likes Erza's ass? Right Natsu? That's what I said!"
"Whatever." Natsu said currently fascinated with Gray's eye brows.
"Get off!" Gray shouted.
"No! They're so soft!"
"You really think Jellal likes my butt? Is that even relevant? Does he like girls with big butts or small butts? TELL ME CAT!" Erza screamed.
"I DON'T KNOW I PROMISE!" Happy swore.
"I swear cat. I will end you."
Since Happy was tied to Erza's butt, she was pretty much chasing her tail in a sense.
Gajeel and Levy seemed to have gone to an abandoned closest, good for them for taking their relationship to the next level. Natsu was still trying to pet Gray's eye brows and Gray was trying to throw him off. Erza was chasing her Happy tail. Laxus and the Thunder Legion were crying about how they failed at Acapella. Master was trying to get Mira to play spin the bottle with him. Elfman was currently trying to teach a pole how to be a man and when it 'didn't do it right' he would punch it, ending up in it breaking, and him moving on to the next pole.
"BE A MAN!"
The Exceeds (exclude Happy) were daring each other to go into the basement with Wendy. Lily was triple exceed daring Wendy to go but Carla would stop her.  Unfortunately for the three of them, Gray threw Natsu which pushed Lily, who knocked into Wendy who then knocked into Carla who went down the stairs. She grabbed onto Wendy's shirt and down went Wendy with her. Wendy grabbed Lily's arm and down went Lily tumbling also. Natsu told the door to shut up because it was 'yelling as if it was falling down stairs' and slammed it shut, ending up in it locking on the outside.
Erza had finally managed to get Happy off of her ass but threw him. He ended up in Gray's face. Now Happy, being scared, stuck his claws into Gray's face while Gray screamed into Happy's fur about the pain. Erza, satisfied with her accomplishment, went to eat some cake. Before she could however, Laxus smashed it into the table and then stomped it into the floor.
"What. The Hell. Was. That. For?" Erza growled dangerously.
Her eyes glowed yellow while the air around her turned a scary dark purple.
"That was for ruining my chances at being number one! We were goin' places until you showed up!" he screamed.
"Oh~ Laxus wants the microphone huh? Well take it then."
Erza ripped the microphone out of Lucy's sleeping form's grip and chucked it out the top window. Which ended in everyone hearing a breaking sound.