
"..I'm in love with an uptown girl. You know I've seen her in her uptown world. She's getting tired of her high-class toys. And all her presents from her uptown boys. She's got a choice. Oooooooooooooooh [x2] Uptown girl. Y'know I can't afford to buy her pearls. But maybe someday when my ship comes in."
One boy points me out, and I try to leave quickly, but fail. Soon all the boys are all out in the hall. Blaine gives me a questioning look, but I couldn't explain myself because they were now serenading me.
"She'll understand what kind of guy I've been. And then I'll win. And when she's walkin'she's lookin' so fine" The lead boy was walking in front of me as I walk backwards. I do this sideways walk dancing thing in my wonderful heels, not, but it was fun. Then a boy comes out from behind me looking directly in my eyes. Oh my, they are all good looking, but this guy is really really good looking! He was towering over me, since I'm only 5'7, and he's 6' something.
"And when she's talkin' she'll say that she's mine" I shake my head and roll my eyes at that line as he looks into my eyes. Another guy steps in front of me, when I tried to leave. They trapped me in the middle of their circle.
"She'll say I'm not so tough. Just because. I'm in love with an.." They all began to circle me as my heart raced and I tried to resist to smile and blush, but it was no use.
"Uptown girl, she's been livin' in her white bread world. As long as anyone with hot blood can. And now she's looking for a downtown man. That's what I am." The lead stands in front of my face, and grabs my hand trying to lead me somewhere. I am led into the room where they started, the boy held up a hand telling me to wait. So I stood with Blaine, as they did some funny and cool dance moves pointing at Blaine and I. They all began to get in 2 lines, one in the front of the other.
"You know I'm in love with an uptown girl. My uptown girl. You know I'm in love.." The lead stands in front of the group now. "With an uptown girl.." Blaine and I began to clap. They were looking at us, but Blaine was looking at me.
"What are you doing here?" Blaine asks.
"My dad works here, and I'm here to bring him food." I explain.
"Wait, I didn't know your dad works at Dalton?!" Blaine asks looking at me with a shocked expression. I laugh a little, tucking a piece of loose hair behind my ear.
"He's the newest college Language Arts teacher," I tell him laughing.
"That's were you get that big brain of yours!" Blaine taps on my head, someone then clears their throat. All the boys were staring at us, and I was a bit embarrassed.
"Since you're new to this town let me introduce myself. I'm Nick and these are the Warblers." I smile and nod my head at all of them.
"I'm Racquel Hardacre. I've heard of you guys. Your a show choir, right?" I ask with curiosity in my voice.
"One of the bests," the one I thought is really good looking says standing up.
"You are very confident in yourself aren't ya?" I ask with a small smirk on my face. The guy shakes his head with a smug smirk on his face.
"Oh we know we're the best, you wouldn't understand though. Girls aren't as competitive," I shake my head at him.
"Cocky and sexist. Who do you think you are?" I stand up now, and look at him with a glare.