
"Hello, I'm Racquel Hardacre." I offer my hand for him to shake. He turns to look at me, and he looks me up and down. He takes my hand with a smile on his face, and I return the gesture.
"Kurt Hummel," I shake his hand, and he looks me over once again. "I love your top." Kurt says and I smile brightly at him.
"Thanks, I love yours also." I say pointing to his long sleeve shirt and vest over the top of it.
"This is the start of a beautiful friendship," Kurt says and I nod my head happily.
Throughout the day, I hung out with Kurt. He led me to all my classes along with his boyfriend, Blaine. Blaine and I found out we are both in the same grade, but when I showed him my timetable at lunch, he was shocked. "How can you have mostly all AP classes?" I give him a shrug of my shoulders.
"I guess I'm kind of smart," I say before taking a bit of a carrot.
"Kind of," he scoffs. "Your new nickname is smartie pants," Blaine says making Kurt and I laugh.
During my free period (Last period by the way), I'm at my locker texting my dad about what we'll be doing for dinner. "Hey," I look behind me to see Finn with a pretty brunette. She was really short next to Finn, but they looked so cute together. "Racquel this is my girlfriend, Rachel. Rachel this is Racquel." Finn points to each of us.
"It's nice to meet you, Rachel." I shake Rachel's outstretched hand, as she flashes me a smile.
"Likewise." Rachel says looking me up and down. "By chance do you sing? You hold yourself a bit confidently," Was that suppose be a compliment? I turn back to my locker, and put my books away.
"Rachel, don't be rude. What if she is actually a great singer?!" I hear Finn whisper to Rachel. I turn to them, with a slam of my locker.
"I use to sing in my old school choir," I lean against my locker looking at them.
"Why don't you join us for glee club? We are in desperate need of some female vocals," Finn asks me, probably seeing the tension between Rachel and I.
"I don't know.." I say looking between the two of them. Kurt and Blaine come over looking between all of us.
"Hey Racquel, I see you met Rachel and Finn. What are we talking about?"
"We are trying to get Racquel to join glee club," Rachel answer looking at me.
"Then you get to spend more time with me before I leave," Kurt says with an excited smile.
"You know what, I'd love to join," I say with a small smile. Kurt and Blaine link arms with me before we all walk to the room. Mr. Shuester stops talking as the class is all staring at us. Mr. Shuester turns around, and looks at me with a small smile.
"Hey Kurt, Blaine, Rachel and Finn, who is your friend?" Mr. Shuester asks looking at me. I walk in front of the group, and outstretch my hand.
"I'm Racquel Hardacre, and I'm interested in joining the glee club," I say as he shakes my hand with a small smile. His smile grew at that, and nodded his head.
"We'd love for you to audition," Mr. Shuester says looking at the group, who all are nodding their heads.
"Great. Is there an acoustic guitar around, I can use?" I ask feeling a bit more shy. A boy with a mohawk stands up, and grabs his guitar in the corner. He hands it to me, but not before leaning.
"Don't hurt my baby," I roll my eyes at him, but nod my head.