
Chapter 5: Drunk Or Sober
Sitting here on the floor, crying in the corner of my room won't do much. What can I do? Who can I talk to about it? Rayne? Reagan? Mum? Thinking about it makes me disgusted and shed some extra tears. Maybe a shower would help me calm myself. Sounds appealing. Even though my knees were too weak and were trembling, I forced myself to hop into the shower.
I bet you guys are confused right now and don't know what the hell I'm talking about, right?
So, I was walking home from work one Friday afternoon. Yes, I'm a part time employee at Target. Anyways, I was walking when I saw Dustin but he didn't look sober. He held a bottle in one hand and walked, intoxicatedly. I nervously called out his name.
" Dustin! Is that you?"
He jerked his head up upon hearing his name and as soon as he saw me, he gave me a hungry look. I think calling out was a bad idea...He jaunts towards me, making me step back and hit my back on a surface. I took a look to the object blocking my path. A tree. Since when was there a tree here? My heart is beating faster by the second. Fear and panic flows through my veins as he pins me to the tree. I try to set free but he won't budge, even though he's drunk. I freeze as he trails his finger from my face to neck. He obnoxiously inhaled my scent from my neck.
"Aren't you a hottie. Looks like I gotta get you laid tonight."
" No! Dustin get off me! Your drunk!"
I punch at his rock hard chest but it doesn't seem to affect him, instead my own hand aches in pain. Waving me words, Dustin trails his dirty, unsober lips on my collarbone, slowly making his way to my neck. This is feeling so icky. I feel like gagging. After gathering up courage, I knee his dick, give him a good push and ran off, tears gushing from my eyes. I ran, daring to not look back, and then I bumped into Alec who had confusion and concern radiating from him. I didn't bother stopping but he grabbed my arm in time.
" What's wrong?"
Without answering, I took his grip off of my arm and took off, again.
And now, here I am, in the shower, washing away his touch from my skin but nothing, and I mean nothing, will ever erase this. EVER! Now I know how Celecia felt. I can't believe I told him to go after her. Disgraceful.
This has definitely changed my thoughts on Dustin, drunk or sober.
A/n- I know this chapter is short but I just had this plot in mind for a while so why not. I have a few book suggestions for you guys.
- Blood Diamonds by
@Sameeet_x
-Teenage Lives by
@sanaakhan15
These books are by a couple of friends of mine. They've only just started writing the book and its really bomb. Read 'em if you want!
Love you,
Ishraq x