
" Chantel?" I stiffen upon hearing my name being called out by a familiar voice. I slam my locker door and see Dustin waving at me from a distance. I face the opposite direction and paced away from him but I wasn't fast enough.
He caught a grip on my arm and I gave him a disgusted look.
" Get your hands off me."
Luckily, this time he obeyed and let go of my arm, scratching the back of his neck.
" Can I talk to you about yesterday, please?"
" No."
" Hear me out. Give me 5 minutes?"
I avoide making eye contact,
" 4,"
He let out a sigh before he began speaking again,
" Okay. So, I was walking home from a party, drunk and I was clearly not thinking straight. I know what I did was eerie and nasty and I'm so shameful about it. Can you please forgive me?"
" Why would someone even walk down the streets while drunk."
" It's a habit. So, will you?"
" Well, one, you need to maintain your drinking and two, just give me some time. I can't forgive something like this easily."
With a nod in agreement, Dustin walks away. From the corner or my eye, I can see Alec triumphantly smirking. Okay.
***
" Oh my god! That's so creepy. I would not want to be in your position." Rayne whines,on the screen, as I explained the event.
It is so good to hear her voice again.
" Thanks for making me feel better babe! Anyways remember Braelynn?"
"Oh yeah! She was the bomb man."
"So she's throwing a party at her place during the weekends. Do you wanna go? It'll be a good chance to see each other and I want to party. You in?"
" Fuck yeah! As you know my parents are on a stupid business trip again, so why not?"
"Great! Will your brother drop you off at my place or are you going to take a cab?"
" Cab. My brother's got soccer training. I can't wait to get into guys' pants!"
I cringe my face in disgust, even though I know she's joking. This my best friend everyone!
" RAYNE! YOU SLUT!" I yell, sarcasm evident in my tone.
" I'm just kidding!" She bursts o at my reaction. Of course she's kidding, she's already in a relation
" Anyways, I gotta go study. Midterms is just around the corner."
"Study hard, babe!" She wishes me with thumbs up and with that she hangs up.
A/n i know this chapter is short. I guess its a filler
Ishraq