
Chapter 2: Are You Okay?
" What do we have now?" I ask Audrey.
" We have Maths in F5. So what do you think of the new guys in our class?" She asks whilst fixating her glasses in place.
"Who? Dustin and Alec? Well, they're both hot..."
" No shit! Alec seems interesting and mysterious. But you wanna know what bothers me?"
" What bothers you Audrey?"
" I'm bothered by the fact that Dustin has already got a bunch of friends and then there's Alec. He hardly talks to anyone."
" He's new to our school and probably needs time to adjust. Alec is probably the insufferable and silent ty—."
I was going to finish off the sentence but I bumped into someone. Audrey completely shut her mouth with wide eyes. What? It's not like a said anything bad. I turn around to face the person who I accidentally bumped into which turned out to be Alec.
" Can you watch where you're going. I'm pretty sure you're not blind."
Ouch. I did not expect that from the new kid, rude. What if he heard what I said. Omg, I'm so stupid. Nicely done Chantel! I shake off my thoughts and stuttered back,
" I'm s-s-sorry."
My cheek are flushing bright crimson. He rolls his eyes and looks in a different direction. He completely blew me off. That's so embarrassing. I shamefully turn back to my dear friend (sense the sarcasm? No? Okay...) who can't seem to stifle her laugh. I gaze at her and rubbed it off. Shaking my head, I laughed with her.
***
Damn, Alec is so good in maths. I guess I have some serious competition. I don't want to lose my game to him.
"Chantel, do you remember Riley? Riley Dalton?" Arianne, a classmate and a girl I particularly dislike, questioned.
"Yeah. What about Riley?"
" Apparently she's Alec's cousin."
"No way."
That probably explains why their last names were the same and speaking of cousins, now that I think about it, they do look alike. Mind blown.
"Anyway, can you please help me?"
I roll my eyes, she always needs my help, particularly in maths.
" Okay. So to find what the value is of x and y, you need to find the intercept of both term so,........" No need to start a maths class here.
I felt someone's gaze on me. Suspicious, the first person I took glanced at was Alec. Our eyes locked for a couple of seconds until I felt uncomfortable and shuffled in my seat, averting my gaze. I'm getting that nervous feeling but instead of butterflies flying in my stomach, it felt like they were shitting in my stomach. There really is something about this boy that makes me feel...different.
***
None of my friends are at school yet. So, it's just me. I decide to make use of my time and go to the library. As soon as I'm in the library, I head to the textbook section and pick up a random senior chemistry textbook. Chemistry is one of those subjects that intrigues me. Instead of sitting at a table, which I normally do, I sit where I am, in the textbook section. After 5 minutes of textbook reading, Alec enters the library and sits at his usual table. I've been noticing that Alec has this obsession with the library and reading and this is far from what guys mostly do as leisure these days. I'm guessing that he doesn't even have a phone but good on him because once we get a hold of a phone, it's pretty hard to think of life without it. I resume reading which obviously got interrupted as Alec decided to come into the textbook section right this second. In respect , I shuffled backwards as I am way too lazy to stand up and walk. Little did I know that a computer/ laptop rack was behind me. I kept on moving back as the clueless girl I am and banged the back of my head on the rack, and luckily I caught Alec's attention. Concern and worry is written all over his face. Our gazes lock, his face softened and I lost myself in his green eyes. So dreamy. Oh lord, what am I thinking. This is the guy that was being rude to me.