
I suggest you listen to Still Into You (Synchronize Remix) by Paramore. Enjoy!!
Chapter 7: An Incredible First Kiss
I wake up to the cold winter breeze crashing on my skin. It's the middle of the night, like literally. Why would I wake up at a time like this? Another gush of cold, crisp breeze hits my skin, making me shiver. Where is it coming from? I scanned my eyes over my room until they land on the open windows. I never left the window open. And why would I when it's like in the middle of winter? I crept over to the window and shut it to a close.
Another shiver runs down my spine and not because of the cold but because I'm having an odd feeling. I'm not alone.
I jump back into bed, shielding myself with my blanket. I know covering myself with a blanket won't be much help but I'm feeling really out of my comfort zone.
When I think the coast is clear, I peep my head out of the blanket and I jumped out of my skin as I saw a dark figure standing in the corner. Nonchalantly, the figure came closer and I let out a shriek. Alarmed, the figure instantly covered my mouth with it's hand. It's a man. IS HE GONNA RAPE ME?
After a while, I realized that the figure was Alec. I'm still shivering as I'm afraid of what he'll do. Why is he here at this hour? What does he want? Unable to say anything as his hand is still covering my mouth, wriggle in my spot, uncomfortably.
Alec then decides to sit on top of me, very smoothly and without any trouble,whilst his hand is still on my mouth. After he situates himself on my leg, he sets my mouth free. And I take this opportunity to ask him questions.
" A-Alec? What do you want? Why are you h-here?"  My voice whispers as I'm still terrified by his appearance.
He flashes a cheeky smirk and leisurely leans in towards my ear, which he licks and whispers in a soothing voice.
" Chantel, I want you."
And with that, he trails kisses from my ear to my neck, making me tremble and send more shivers down my spine. At first, he kissed me slowly, which I kissed back and he kissed he harder, harsher, like he really needed me. His cold touch of his finger trails from my waist to my neck.
And my I jump in my bed, awakening. It was a dream? But it seemed so real. I sit up right and run my fingers through ny hair, sighing. My heartbeat is beating at a really fast rate. So this was the first time I've dreamt of Alec.
What does the dream mean? Like, it should have some meaning to it.
***
The same morning, my dad, as usual, drops me to school. We say our farewells and he took off since he has a doctor appointment.
I was walking to the gates of the school when I hand caught a grasp of my arm and jerked me into a small gap between two buildings. I was about to yell out but a hand caught my mouth, preventing me from screaming out loud.
I was getting prepared for self defense when a person neared towards me. I impulsively aimed to punch this person or whatever on their chest but a firm hand caught my hand in time.
" Chantel, calm down. It's me."
A similar voice says.
" Alec Dalton, is that you? What the hell are you doing?"
Without even bothering to answer, he takes a hold of my hands, caressing it. At this point, it's normal to feel uncomfortable and awkward but I feel somehow safe. " Is this okay?" He asks, sincerely.I look into his beautiful green eyes and nod in assurance.