
A/n this chapter manly consists of feelings, so wouldn't really classify it as a chapter.
Chapter 4: Crush?
- Alec Dalton POV-
I enter the library, with the assignment and homework in mind. Yup. I'm all about school, work, 100% and all that shit. I Literally have  time for friends, let alone girls, after what happened last time. Speaking of girls, Chantel grins at me. She's so beautiful. Her crystal blue, soft eyes, beautiful silky brown hair with golden blonde finish ( I think they call it ombre), her smile is just so beautiful, so beautiful that it'll melt anyone. Just looking at her makes me feel fluttery inside. I don't even have the words to describe it.
I was going beam back at her but then I realise that I'm getting side-tracked. I need to keep focus on my studies. I ended up giving her a frown, turning her down, I make my way to the table I usually sit at and take out my laptop out of my bag to do my assignment. Unfortunately, instead of doing work, I find myself daydreaming... about Chantal. All those times I catch her laughing, smiling, blushing, talking even concentrating and doing work, makes me smile. I take a peak towards Chantal, admiring her beauty. She's simply perfect. Her eyes meet mine and I instantly avert my gaze, looking at my laptop screen, blushing. Oh shit. I think she's notice me staring at her quite often. Every now and then during class, I'd gaze at her. I don't know how to describe but whenever she talks to me or asks for help, I can't help feeling nervous and wreckless. Like the time when she asked me help for a question she didn't understand. When I took a glance at her face she looked so confused, lost, cute. And she'd blush like no tomorrow  whenever we make eye contact, thinking about makes me chuckle, again. I completely forgot what it is like to like someone. If liking someone makes you feel wreckless, nervous, crazy and daydream, exactly what Chantal makes me feel. What do they call this? Crush? I really don't know but I do know that whenever I think of her, everything vanishes. Everything is out of sight, except for her.I know I should be concentrating on my assignment but how can I when I'm beasically falling for a beautiful girl.Should I make a move on her? What if she rejects me? What if she doesn't feel the same way about me the way I feel about her. That would be so embarrassing. This god damn girl is making me so crazy.***" Alec, you know for our maths topic test?" I don't know how easily Chantal just talks to me and then there's me, just waiting for her to talk cause I'm too afraid of the future. I stare into her eyes and everything is gone. Her crystal blue eyes make me daydream, of her to be specific. Instantly, my heart beats faster and my palms are sweaty. Something's happening. No girl, actually no one has made me feel like this, ever.
Maybe it's true. I do gave feelings for Chantel.A/n soz my grammar isnt the best. What do u think? Alec is having something for chantal ;)