
Heylooo readers, guess who's back? Well, only for a while since exams starts this week.I decided to update early and i also may update That Clichéd Story after the exams too. I've also added a song that'll go nicely with this chapter, Hey Mama by David Guetta ft. Nicki Minaj, Bebe Rexha and Afrojack.Hope you guys enjoy this chapter,Happy Reading!
Chapter 8: We'll Invite Your Pants To Come Down
(UNEDITED)
For the past couple of days, Alec has been ignoring me because apparently I 'distracted' him.Weird, right?Anyways, I'm not going to let that get to me as I'm in my party mood. Tonight was the party at Braelynn's, everyone was talking it, saying that it was going to be big. It better be bomb.I quickly shimmy down my pajamas and put on my outfit for tonight. I study my own reflection, satisfied with all the effort I was able to pull off. I was wearing a full sleeved, white laced dress, that hugs my curves and bidy shape, perfectly and came down to mid-thigh with stockings. I was fairly satisfied with my makeup to. I decided to go simple since I'm not a caked-face person. I simply just outline my eye with eyeliner, ending it with perfect wings and my lips were shaded in bright red. I had my hair curled and let it fall over my shoulders.Rayne is going to be here any second and I'd be lying if i wasn't excited for her and the party,  because I was. It been months since I last saw her and looking at her from my laptop or listening to her voice through the phone, wasn't enough. Can't wait to see her again.And the party. My mum tells me to loosen down a bit sometimes and usually tells me to go out but most of the times, I can't be bothered. However, now I am ready for a night of music, dance and fun and it is ten times better when your with your best friend. I gather up all the things I need in a little, stylish bright red bag when the door bell rings and I take that as the queue to slide into my pumps, lightly spray on Justin Bieber's Girlfriend perfume, readjusted my hair and dress before I head downstairs.
Rayne was already inside talking to my mum and God damn, she looked stunning. She wore a night blue sequence dress that hugged her nicely shaped body and also came down mid-thigh with black pumps. She, too, had also done her makeup lightly as hers was similar to mine but instead of red lips, her lips were coloured in a skin nude lip gloss, which looks like the one I got her a few months back when we went shopping together.
I rushed towards her and embraced into a warm, snuggly hug. We said our farewells and put the front door into a shut. " Joseph is here?" Joseph was Rayne's family driver. I was a little lost because Friday's were usually his days off." Yeah, he kept on insisting to drop us. I told him that we'll go by a cab but he's like, it's too dangerous and unsafe for two young ladies." Rayne mocked and continued," River is here too."" What! You guys are going to third wheel me. God!"I whined but I didn't really mind that River is tagging along.River is Rayne's extremely hot boyfriend and I say, they make an amazing couple. He's a very friendly guy, to be honest. A good quality about him would probably be that he's not and never was a manwhore.
We make our way to the car and there I greet both River and Joseph, with that we make our way to Braelynn's place. As we approached our destination, music was evident as beats and tunes we booming from the house.We hoped out of the car and made our way to the front entrance. I'm really getting the party vibe now. There were a good bunch of people in the front lawn, some familiar and others not so much. This party seems really big. As I entered through the front door, I could see people happily dancing, chatting, eating, drinking and lets not leave this one out because it at every party, make outs.I seriously cannot wait to dance at the dance floor with Rayne. However, when I was going to drag Rayne to the dance floor, she disappeared. Oh well, I guess it's a makeout session for her and River. I'll leave them to it then.