
A/n hey guys this is my second book and this is based on true events except for some bits and pieces
Chapter 1: When I Laid Eyes On Him
It's the start of freshman year. A new year with old friends at an old school. I'm actually looking forward to this year, like being friends with the new kids and discovering a new part of me. Speaking of which, my name is Chantel Davison. I'm in a family of 3 girls ( including me ). My older sister, Corrine, is ten years older than me and she is all about the party life. My parents literally cannot stand her since she is quite rude and stubborn. She's one person at home and another when she's out with her friend but I wouldn't call that two faced to be honest. Corrine has done some crazy and inappropriate stuff that are nightmares for parents. My older sister caused my dear parents so much problems that they literally stopped caring about her. I'll never put my parents in that situation ever again. My little sister, Aurora, ten years younger than me, is like the cutest 5 year old. And that leaves me, the middle child. Being the middle child is not bad, it's not the way the legend states. I am cherished by my parents and they love me and my little sister equally . I'm loving life so far and I hope it gets better.
Currently in the car with my dad, on my way to school for the first day this year. I'm so excited to see my friends again. I miss my best friend, Rayne like no tomorrow, she left last year and she moved houses too. Quite far actually, so we see each other occasionally other but we always keep in touch. Thanks to the modern technology we get these days. That's one good thing about it. Finally, I have arrived at school. I give my dad a quick kiss on the cheeks, say our farewells and then I head towards the school gates. I come fairly early so at this point none of my friends are in school. I get my phone and earphones out of my bag, plug the earphones in my ear and play a random song in my playlist. After 5 minutes of waiting, Evangeline (an old friend of mine) and her little sister, Blair, is seen in the distance. I myself prepared to give her a big hug.
" EV!"
" CHANTEL!"
We are run towards each other and in an instant, we are in each others arms, laughing. It's so good to see her. I give Blair a hug and mess her short, dark brown hair. As we walk into school, we talk about all the things that have happened during the holidays. This was repeated with all of my friends, except the running part.
***
Sitting here in our roll call room, we are all waiting to get our timetables. In my school, high school students are in assigned classes according to our intelligent, behaviour and ability. There are 3 levels;
- advanced students
- intermediate
- general or standard, in other words
I already aware of which class I'm in which is Ruby. Right now, my friends and I are having a great conversation. Renesme, an entertaining friend of mine, is telling us about when she was home alone,  was fresh out of the shower and wrapped around a towel. She went to the sun room, which is completely full with windows, to get some new clothes when her cousin, Miles, ( that lives next door, weird) jumped over their fence and into their backyard to get his cricket ball that apparently was accidentally thrown to her backyard. And he obviously saw her and she saw him. Renesme froze, like she just stood their, staring at him whereas he averted his gaze, ran to get the ball and jumps over the fence, into his own backyard. Everyone in our group is laughing. Poor Renesme, these things always happen to her.
The opening of the door catches everyone's attention. Every one falls silent as 3 new students, 1 girl and 2 boys, nervously walk into the room. Our year advisor calls them over to sort them into their class. The girl is told to go next door, where the Emerald has their roll call taken. That probably means she'll be in that class from now on. My attention falls on one of the two boys. I study his face for a while. His hair is done in a small quiff, he's got a beautifully shaped jawline, bright green eyes and tender lips by the looks of it. We've got a gorgeous one here. He seems interesting and different. Different from the other guys at the least.
" Class, This is Dustin Mckenzie and Alec Dalton." Our year advisor introduces the new guys who'll be in our class from now on. The one I was talking about goes by the name of Alec Dalton. He's name is pretty hot too.
A/n so if u guys are wondering this story is about me hehe. Wat do u think. I know this poorly written but think i chose such uncommon and unique names. Im also not adding any cast so you guys can imagine who u want the characters to be.If u guys want you can read my other book, That Clichéd Story.