
" I've had enough!" Shouts Dustin, banging the table, causing all necks to turn to him.
He stood from his chair and stormed towards our table, where Celecia, Hailey, Renesme, Audrey, Reagan and I were talking. He grabs Celecia by her shoulder and smacks his lips on to her. Everyone including her was shocked and gob-smacked. Celecia was horrified, it could be seen right through her eyes. She didn't kiss him back, instead she broke away from his lips, stepping back with tears in her eyes. She shoves him away and ran out the door. Dustin hang his head in shame until I encouraged him."Go after her."He glances towards our teacher who simply nods in assurance whilst amused. After approving, Dustin rushed out the door in search for Celecia.
I glance to Alec only to see him shaking his head, possibly in disappointment or disgust and resumed his work. Okay...
***
" Thats it! I can't take this anymore! Chantel, sweetie, help me pack your sisters things." My mother states with authority in her voice. She looks fierce and angry. What has my sister done?
" What did she do?"
" Fucking adultery with a stranger. I tried to fix her but nothing seems to work. She broke my trust and rules and now she's going to have to face the fucking consequences!"
" Mum please don't swear and I'll help you. Just don't let your anger get the best of you."
I know you guys are probably thinking that this is cruel and sadistic, but my sister took this too far. She always has. Corrine always apologized and promised to change but it was never fulfilled. And as you can see, my sister pulled my mum's last straw. I remember when I was 5 years old, basically 10 years ago. One night, my sister ran away from home. Likely, we found her at her friend's place. But what happened after she was caught haunts me, I can't describe it in words correctly. Now, my mum's giving her a reverse treatment.
Packing away all Corrine's  clothes and essentials in a suit case with my mum. My sister is at work and she won't be back until 7, which gives us plenty of time. My mum is planning to leave the suitcase in the front porch and to not let my sister in, not even for a nano seconds.
I start tearing up. Not because of Corrine but for Aurora. Corrine influenced her quite alot and it's disturbing. So in one way, her leaving is good but what upsets me is that Aurora will forget her. She might remember Corrine's name but not who she is and what she looks like. And I'm crying because I never want Aurora to end up being like Corrine. Ever.
After running on the treadmill, I hop into the shower. As I massage some shampoo in my hair, I hear some familiar voices. I quietly listen.
" Give me your house keys."
" Where am I supposed to go?"
" Not my concern. All your stuff is here. Take it and leave."
After that, the door closed. I felt sad but I tried to not pay too much attention to it.*** The next day I arrive to school with a smile, not wanting to show that something's wrong. I'm not a fan of showing the world that I'm depressed or pissed over some situation or event.As per usual, I make my way to the library and work on my shitty English assignment. One thing I can do to get my mind off yesterday." What you up to?" A voice assures. I take my eyes off my laptop only to see Evangeline with a heartwarming smile."Nothing much. Just finishing off my English assignment."" What happened to Celecia yesterday? You know after the kiss."" Well, she ran out of class and I told Dustin to go after her, so he did. After he came back, he told us that she needed time. Poor Dustin. Not everyday these stuff happen."All she did was nod on agreement." Anyway, The Poltergeist is showing in the cinema. Now we can actually go watch with the rest. You in?" She requested, with a huge grin."Of course! I've been waiting to watch that movie for ages."My friends and I have this thing about horror movies. We just love them. I can't wait to watch, The Poltergeist. Just then Alec came into the library, we made eye contact, so I smile at him. And what did I get in return? Well, he was close to smiling but something happened in his mind that just stop him and he ended up giving me a frown. Mr. Moody.
A/n im sooo sorry this chapter is short but here it is. Next chapter will be from Alec's point of view. Just giving a head startLove uIshraq