
The beats are really motivating my body to sway and dance, naturally, that's what I did.  I gracefully strolled towards the dancefloor, bobbing me head with the music. It took me a while to recognise that Martin Garrix's house musics were currently playing. He is one of the top five in my favourite DJ list. I finally recognise some heads from school, three shorties, a redhead, belonging to Renesme, blonde being Reagan and brunette being Evangeline. They were all pulling off a terrible threesome dance, making me laugh so hard that my cheeks and stomach began to ache. Reagan was the first to spot me. In an instant, she walk towards me with a poker face and dragged me onto the dance floor, making me stumble a bit.
" About time you came! As you can see, we are amazing at dancing!" Renesme pointed out, clearly evident that her voice was filled with sarcasm.
I simply rolled my eyes, which I have been doing a lot, and began dancing, busting out some cool moves here and there. I loved to dance as a kid so my mum enrolled me into a Hip-Hop class and boy, was it fun. I still remember most of the moves so why not make use of it. After a good 30 minutes of non-stop dancing, my throat was yearning to be hydrated. God, I am so parched. Might as well grab myself a drink. I hope there's punch, I've actually been craving for it.
I know that it's best to not eat anything at these party tables but who can resist? Obviously, not me but I know my limits. And come on, one cup won't hurt, right? Luckily, there was punch so I snatch a cup and poured myself a generous amount. As I bring the drink to my mouth, my mouth burns with the taste of alcohol. So it's the alcoholic ones, I don't mind. I let the punch wash my mouth and swim through my esophagus and into my stomach. My throat is finally satisfied, making me sigh in relief. I was going to take another sip until my body froze due to a whisper in my ear and a finger trailing down my waist.
" Nice pants. Can I test your zipper?"
Hold on, wait a minute. First of all, I am not wearing pants and second of all, I only know one person who says pickup lines like these. As soon as my body allowed me to move, I spun around just to be sure that it was him. And thanks to my luck, it was him. After 3 years of being apart, he's back! My eyes widen, they're probably popping out of their sockets right now.
" Gabby!!" I squeal and embrace him into a hug, spontaneously.
" Channy! It's been 3 years too long, babe." He greets back, with a different accent. By the way, when he says 'Channy', it's pronounced as 'Shanny'. Just saying, in case if you're wondering how it's really pronounced and also I get really annoyed when someone calls me that but I made an exception for Gabby. Also if you are confused on what's happening right now. Gabby or commonly known as Gabe is an old friend of mine, like my guy best friend if that even makes sense. For the past three years, Gabe had a student visa to England. He went to a school in Birmingham called King Edward VI Five Ways School. Apparently, it was the best school in England so you could say he was a bit of a smarty pants. He also had a bad boy side but only let a few people see. I've seen it and when he's in the bad boy mood, God, how does he even get away with all the things he does?
" Did you pick up an accent in England?" I inquired, amused. He simply nods before I study his features.
Gabe is quite the attractive one. He's those typical Australian boys who has really bright, crystal blue eyes , dusty blonde hair and is like over 6 foot. My eyes catches a glimpse of his lips, where he had a black hoop pierced, completing his good looks. And that's all it takes me to make my jaw drop. Now, he truly looks like a bad boy. No, he doesn't look like Luke Hemmings, despite the fact that I would die if he did.
" You got a lip piercing!" I shriek, making him chuckle and nod.
"What do you think?"