
Lucy pov.
I was at the guild relax while looking for Natsu I search for hour and hour when I notice the whole team was gone so I ask Mira where they were and her respond was not good to hear she told me they went on a s class mission with Lisana and it probably gonna take a couple of days in till they returned.
Why didn't they want me to come?Did I do something wrong?I got a text from Natsu:Hey Lucy sorry I'm on a mission see you soon ;p
I'm so frustrated at Natsu so I went to the board and pick a job I found one that is simple take down a monster for 100,000 jewel that be enough to pay for my rent.I walk to get Mira approval and she nod with that I headed my way.
Sting pov.
I'm tie up by some monster and he think he can beat me I hate to say it but I think I should of brought Rough with me and I also forgot Letor.
"What are you going to do you can't beat me".
"I hate that voice".
"What do you want from me anyway".
I saw the monster turn into a girl she remind me a lot like Yukino
"My name is Lisana and I was sent here by raven tail to erase your memory and if you would like I can erase your memory of your brother and your guild"Lisana say.
"No don't do that!"
"You don't have a choice".
I saw her removing my mark I thought only guild master's can do that
"Stop it!"I yell
She place her hand on my forehead and close her eye she start to mutter something and then I was out.
Lucy pov.
I was done with my job and I got a reward so I decided to take a walk in the forest it was nice and peaceful and I start to pick up some flowers I spot a blue tulip flower I head over there when i trip over a tie blond man.I lean in to see if he alive he is he is I start to untie him and I pick him up and and went to a  hotel that say hotel I walk in and put the guy in the chair.
"May I help you?"She ask
"Yes a room with two beds please".
"Here you go".
She hand me some keys to the door number 321 I pick up the guy from chair and start to walk I finally found our room after many ask.I walk in and saw two bed I put the guy on the couch and get his bed set up as soon as I was done I pick him up and put him in his bed.I felt his head his head was hot so I went and make a ice pack to put on his head after I did that I fell to my bed and take a nap.
Time skip sting pov.
I woke up in a bed looking around and found a blond girl asleep I assume she know me so I start to make eggs.Two hour past and the blond girl woke up.
"Good morning".
I was surprised to her reaction because she ask me some questions
"All I remember is my name is Sting and that I don't have guild"i said.
"You wanna join fairy tail".
"Uhh sure"
"We leave tomorrow at ten at night".
I nod
"Can you stay with me at the guild you know being new".
She smile
"Ok I'm Lucy who are you?"
That was a question I can answer
"I'm sting".
