
Amanda's P.O.V.
Its Saturday, yay! I love Saturdays cause I'm off from work and I get to hang with my 4 besties. So I texted Riya asking her if she wanted to go to the club tonight and have so fun. She simply replied with a "HELL YEAH!" "Ok I'll see you later, don't forget to invite the others" I said.
Since its only 7:15pm I started to get ready. I got out my black long sleeved crop top, red white and black jordans, light blue jean booty shorts, my red and silver superman belly button ring, my New York necklace, and my gold earrings that go around my ears.
So I got my phone and put my music on shuffle and loud, got my crop top and my shorts and hopped into the shower.
**
Once I was finished washing my body I got out and got dressed. I finished putting on my shorts and crop top i realized that my waist tattoos were showing which i thought that it looked pretty badass. So I went to my room and started to put on my shoes and jewelry.
When I was done I texted Riya telling her that I was ready.She said "ok" and asked me "do you want me to pick you up? Because I'm gonna pick up Quadira, Ravisha, and Sierra".
"Yeah come pick me up, that sounds good" I said to her. "Ok I'll see you in a little bit" she said ending the conversation. So since I had only had a few minutes left until Riya and the girls got here, I decided to put on my perfume and fix my hair really quick.
Since I decided to leave my hair curly I sprayed my spray bottle that had water in it, then I sprayed a Suave spray to lock in curls, and then lastly I took a coconut lotion for my hair and put some on my hair.
*Beap Beap*
I heard a car horn and I knew that Riya and the girls were here. So I quickly grabbed my phone and my keys. I headed for the front door. As I opened it I quickly came out, closed the door, and locked it. I came quickly towards the car and got into the passenger seat.
"HEY!" the girls said all at once. "HEY!" I said replying to them. Then Riya started to move the car and we were in our way.