
Demi's POV
I am on my way to meet the girls that I am managing since I am becoming a manager again since I left because I had to make sure no one knew that I was a vampire. I was born a vampire, I kept growing until I had a body of a 17 year old then I stopped growing except for my age. I am 290 years old but I tell every human that I am 18 years old. I don't drink blood of humans, only once in a while I will. I saw the place where I am supposed to meet fifth harmony so I pulled in and got out of my car and instantly got the smell of a werewolf but what made it worst there was more then 1 near by. It is worst because vampires and werewolfs don't get along. I went to their tour bus since that is where I am meeting them, I knocked on the door and a tall girl answered the door and growled and I had my fangs out when I recognized that she was on of the werewolfs that I was smelling.
"what do you want blood sucker" she asked
"I am the manager for the girl group fifth harmony so you could let me through so I can meet them"
"shit are manager is a vampire" she said before she yelled so I guess she is one of the girls and is letting everyone else know before letting me in
"I am Dinah, come on the girls are in the back of the bus" she said before leading me to the back where I saw 4 other girls talking and they instantly stopped when I walked into the room.
"Im ally, that is Lauren, Camila, Normani and you already met Dinah" the short one said pointing to the girls when she said their names and I could already tell that Lauren was going to be one to try and rip my head off by her glare.
"I am Demi and I didn't think I was going to be a managing a group of werewolfs" I said
"well we are deal with it or leave" Lauren said growling but she stopped and looked at Camila when she touched her shoulder
"babe calm down, look we never had been this close to a vampire but we will let you be our manager since we need one" she said to Lauren before speaking to me
"just don't tell anyone what we are" Ally said and I nodded before we started talking about the new tour they wanted to do while Lauren kept glaring at me.
