
Amanda's P.O.V.
I woke up to find myself laying in the middle of the road. I got up off the ground and walked while looking at cop cars, ambulances, and a whole bunch of people. I passed by a cop car and and started to panick. "Hey sir can you please help me?!" I asked the cop. But he didn't listen to me, it was like I was invisible. I saw Austin he was sitting in an ambulance with a blanket covering him.
I noticed that he was crying, so I walked up to him. I got to him and I cupped his face in my hands. "Austin! Oh my god are you ok? What happened?" I asked because I was so confused about what was going on. He ignored me and it was like I was not even there. My heart was racing and then he spoke. "Its all my fault, I should've never turned on the radio" he said to me. Well at least I hope he was talking to me.
"Austin listen to me, what's going on?!" I begged. Not one word came out of his mouth. "Sir, Ms. Quevedo is in critical condition. We are gonna get her to the hospital as soon as possible" the doctor said to him. My heart sank, I backed away and I felt like I was about to go crazy. I started to look at my surrounds and I saw the left side of Austin's car, it was a wreck. The window was broken and it had a big hole. I looked across the road and a tear ran down my face.
"Noooo! This can't be happening!" I yelled. I ran over to what was my body with a big puddle of blood beside my face. I started to cry and scream, I didn't know what to do. I ran back to Austin and I saw that an officer was talking to him. "If you want I can take you to the hospital" he said. "Yes please, I would really appreciate that" Austin responded as he got up and walked with the officer.
I turned around, looked at my body being lifted up on a gurney, and right before they could put me in the ambulance I ran in.
**At the hospital**
When the ambulance arrived at the hospital they started to rush me into the emergency room. I followed them and they put a hospital gown on me. (Idk what they are called haha lol.) They took me to the operating room and before they could close the door I walked in. I sat in the corner and watched them move me to the operating table. "I'm gonna be beside you the whole time. Its up to you if you stay or go" and nurse whispered in my ear.
Austin's P.O.V.
The officers dropped me off at the hospital and I walked in. I walked over to the front desk and asked a nurse, "do you have any information on Amanda Quevedo?" "Um? Hold on let me check.... Oh yes, she is in the operating room on the 5th floor and when the surgery is over she will be in room #345" she answered. "Ok and do you know what time the surgery will be over?" I asked. "Yes, it will be over in about 3-4 hours or so" she answered.
"Ok thank you" I said as a began to walk away. "No problem, I hope she's ok" she said with a smile. "I looked at her with a smile nodded and walked to the elevators. I pressed on the up button and waited for a few moments. Then finally the two doors slid open a group of people came out then I entered. I pressed on the 5th floor button. No one else needed to come on the elevator so I didn't need to hold it open. The doors closed and it went up.
I was pasting in the elevator and thinking about the accident. "This is all my fucking fault!!" I yelled in the elevator. Thank God no one was in there with me. A moment later the elevator opened and I walked out and went to the front desk. "Excuse me I'm here for Amanda Quevedo and I need to know if I am able to wait in room #345" I asked to the doctor. "You can sit in room #345, its not a problem" he said.