
"Robert, can you go to my car and get Amanda her clothes and uggs? Its in the back seat of the car" I said to him. "Yeah sure and ok" he replied. I replied with a simple "thank you". "Ok now that we know you're awake and ok, I'm gonna give you a hug and I'm gonna go cause I have to go do something for Austin" Riya said as she walked over to Amanda. Amanda smiled and gave Riya a hug.
"Actually we all have to go do something for Austin so we all are gonna give you a hug and leave" Ravisha said as she walked over to Amanda and gave her a hug. Then everyone else came and gave her a hug and left except for Marisol since she has to leave with Robert and has getting Amanda's clothes and uggs from my car.
A few moments later Robert came in and handed me her clothes. "Hey Robert can you take my guitar with you?" I asked him. "Yeah sure" he replied. "Ok thanks" I told him. Marisol and Robert both came and her a hug and left. Surprisingly Amanda hasn't said not one word and it has me concerned. "Are you able to talk?" I asked her. She nods her head 'yes' and just stays quiet.
"Ok I'm gonna wait outside for you until you're done getting dressed" I said as I grabbed the door knob. "Wait no I'm gonna need your help a little bit" she said as she gave me a small smile.
I replied with a 'ok' and walked back to her while closing the curtain. I untied the back of the hospital gown slid it off of her. I looked at her back, she had bruises everywhere and some scratch marks. My jaw dropped and I started to cry. I wiped my tears and still cried a little. I helped her put on her pants and her shirt, then I put her socks and uggs on her. I told her I would be right back as I walked out of the room. "Hey Doc, I just want to thank you for everything" I said as I walked up to her doctor.
"No problem it was my pleasure. She is very lucky to be alive and I'm glad she is" he replied. I nodded my head as I gave him the biggest smile I could ever make. "Is she done getting dressed?" He asked. "Yes she is and she is ready to go home" I said. "Ok I'm gonna send someone down with a wheelchair to take her to the front" he says as he grabs his walky talky. "Ok I'll be outside bringing my car to the front" I said as I started to back away and head to Amanda's room.
I was standing in the door way and I saw her trying to walk on her own. She almost fell but I caught her and put her back on her bed. She started to cry and I started to get concerned. "Baby, what's wrong?" I asked while wiping away her tears. "I can't do anything I'm so weak and its driving me crazy" she responded. "Oh Babe, its gonna be ok trust me. You're gonna get better soon, okay?" I said comforting her. She nods her head 'ok'.
"Ok listen, the doctor sent someone to bring a wheelchair for you so you can be brought to the front entrance while I get my car" I said getting up from the bed. "No I don't want to be on a wheelchair, I want you go carry me. I want to be in your arms" she said while looking at me. "Ok I'll tell the doctor" I responded. She nodded 'ok' and I left the room to find the doctor, which I did.
"Hey Doc, Amanda doesn't want you to bring her a wheelchair, she wants me to carry her, is that ok?" I asked him. "Yeah sure that's fine. I'll just tell the nurse that we don't need to bring a wheelchair anymore" he responded. "Ok thanks have a great day bye" I said as I walked away. "Ok you too" he said. I walked back to the room, I grabbed her things, and carried her. I walked to the elevator and it opened, then I clicked on the first floor button with the hand that was supporting her back.
The doors closed and we went down, then we came to a stop at the first floor. I walked to the exit and walked out of the hospital. I spotted my car really fast, thank God I parked it in the front. I looked both ways to see if there was any cars coming and there weren't so, I crossed the road. I safely got us to my car and clicked the unlock button. I opened the door and sat her in the passenger seat, I buckled her in and closed the door.