
"Yeah sure" we all said. "Ok I'll be right back" he said as he went upstairs. I got my phone and we headed for the backyard. I opened the door and there was a pool, a little bar, a table with a couple of chairs, a grill, a couple of beach chairs, and a fire place. "Its really nice...... and its really hot outside" I thought to myself as I fanned myself with my hand. I just wanted to jump into the pool.
We were outside so we went to the bar and talked. Zach, Alex, and Robert are funny as hell, Marisol and Sydney are my new besties. They're really fun to hang out with. I got tired of sitting in the sun so I just decided to take off my sandals and put my feet in the pool. It felt great since it felt like 100° outside. Then all of a sudden Austin came out with small speakers.
He walked over to the bar and took out his phone. He plugged in the speakers into his phone and he played some music. "Austin I don't have a bikini and I want to get in the pool" I said to Austin as he sat down. "I have a bikini for you in my room, come with me so you can put it on" he replied as he got up off his seat and held his hand out so I could grab it.
He helped me up, we walked inside, and we went upstairs. "How come you have a bikini in your room?" I asked curiously. "Because I had bought it for my ex friend and I was gonna give it to her and she dumped me for another guy" he replied as we got into the room and I closed the door behind us. "Oh well she's made a bad mistake for leaving you cause you're a great guy" I said making him feel better since he seemed kind of sad.
"Well I'm really glad that we broke up" he said. "Why is that?" I asked. "Because she's a slutty whore and because I met you" he said as he went into his drawer and got the bikini out. He made me blush and I didn't say anything because I didn't know what to say. He handed me the bikini. I loved it so much.
It was red, it had good rings on the sides of the bottom, and the top was strapless. I gave him a hug along with a "thank you". I smiled at him and went into the bathroom to change. "I'm gonna wait out here for you" he said as he sat on the edge of his bed. I simply replied with an "ok" and closed the bathroom door. I looked at the size of the bikini and gladly it was my size.
I smiled and started to take off my clothes. After that I quickly slipped on my bikini and I admired myself in the mirror. I looked pretty hot for a girl that doesn't have a nice body. I put my shorts and shirt back on. I walked out of the bathroom and saw Austin on the edge of his bed on his phone and I realized Austin had changed into a swimsuit as well. "Ok I'm ready" I said as I turned off the bathroom light and closed the door.
"Did you put the bikini on?" He questioned. "Yeah its just under my clothes because I don't really like walking in the house in my bikini" I replied. "Oh ok" he said as he got up off of his bed, put his phone away, and held his hand out for me to grab. We walked out of the room and we went downstairs. When we went outside to the backyard we saw Marisol, Sydney, Alex, and Robert in the pool.
"Hey, you guys had swimsuits?" I asked them. "Yeah, we all were gonna go to the pool today but Alex and Robert told us that we were gonna go to the pool here so we kept our swimsuits on" Sydney replied. "Ohhhh" I said as we went over to a beach chair and sat down.
Austin's P.O.V.
Amanda had just finished taking off her shorts and I all of a sudden I was Zach starring at her. I shot him an evil glared and he saw. I went behind her and hugged her from behind covering her so he wouldn't see her. I kissed her neck a couple of times and it made her giggle. "Hey, can you rub some sunscreen on me please?" she asked me.
"Yeah sure Baby" I said as I grabbed the sunscreen from her hand. I rubbed some on her back and chest. Then I had her put some on my back and my chest. We got up and we walked to the side where the steps were at. She walked in to the pool and I walked in behind her. The steps were wide so we just sat on the steps.