
"Ok, ok I laughed enough!" I screeched. "Ok I'll stop" he said as he giggled. He hovered over me and looked me in the eyes. I grabbed his face and brong it closer to me and kissed him. It wasn't sweet and gentle, it was filled with a lot of love and lust. He kissed back, he put me on top of him unbreaking the kiss. He took off my shirt and I took off his, he started to kiss me roughly. His eyes gazed over my body looking at my bruises and cuts
"Be gentle and take it slow" I told him. "Anything for you my Princess" he told me while smiling. We had a make out session for about an hour and then we went to sleep.
**1 ½ later**
We got up and Austin helped me get my clothes so I can take a shower. We headed for the bathroom and he turned on the water as I started to take off shirt and pants. He walked me to the shower and helped me get in. I still didn't feel comfortable showing off my body to him so I just kept my bra and panty on. He started to leave the bathroom, "call me if you need anything. I'll be in the room" he told me. I nodded and told him "ok". He left and I took off my bra and panty.
I started to wash my body and then everything went black.
Austin's P.O.V.
I left the bathroom and got on my phone. All of a sudden I heard this loud thud. I ran quickly to the bathroom and found Amanda passed out on the shower floor. I ran over to her and checked to see if she was still breathing. I finally found her pulse. I turned off the water and covered her with her towel.   I yelled out. "Come on Baby Girl wake up, come on please wake up. Wake up! Wake up!" I cried.
Robert ran in the bathroom and saw her, he started to worry and asked me, "how did this happen?"
"Ouch!" She said while putting her hand on her forehead. "I'm gonna get you an ice pack, I'll be right back" Robert said. I picked her up and sat her on the counter. "You know what we can shower later, I don't want you to get hurt again" I told while giving her a hug and a soft kiss on her lips.
Robert came back with the ice pack and Amanda held her towel in place so it wouldn't fall or anything. He handed me the ice pack and left. "What's wrong with me?" She asked me. "Nothing's wrong with you Baby Girl, you just got out of the hospital today and you just need help with somethings since you're really weak" I said answering her question. She shrugged her shoulders.
"Ok let's get you dressed" I said as I got her clothes. She got off the counter and I held her hand so she wouldn't fall. She wrapped the towel around her whole body so the towel wouldn't fall. I held her hand as she put on her panty with one hand so she could stay standing. She turned around and pug her hand on the counter after she put her arms through the straps of her bra. She had me hook it on for her, she grabbed my hand and started to put on her sweat pants.
"Can you hand me my deodorant?" She asked. "Of course" I said as I grabbed it from the other side of the counter, I handed it to her. She put it on then she put on her Bath & Body Works, 'Sweet Pea' perfume. She put her shirt on and then sprayed more perfume on her. She smelled really good, I loved the smell. I helped her leave the bathroom to go downstairs. "My head hurts Austin" she cried.
"Ok I'm gonna get it for you once I get you to the couch" I responded. We had a few more steps to go and everyone came to the staircase to see her. "Hey Amanda, how are you feeling?" Ian asked. "I'm ok I guess. I don't really know" she told him. "What do you mean you don't know? You should know" Liam said.
"Um, I'll explain it to you later" I said to him answering for Amanda as I walked her to the couch. He nodded 'ok', I sat her down on the couch and told her that I would be right back. I went upstairs and got her the ice pack and quickly went back downstairs. I handed it to her and she put it on her forehead. I sat next to her and hugged her and didn't let go of her.