
I realized that Austin wasn't downstairs. I knew that Amanda and Austin are dating cause I saw the kiss and Amanda knew that I saw them. I had to stick to Zach's plan so I made an excuse to go upstairs. I had found out that downstairs bathroom wasn't working so I decided to tell Amanda that I needed to use the bathroom .
I walked up Amanda and I told her I had to use the bathroom. "The bathroom down here isn't working so just go upstairs, wait for Austin to get out of the bathroom that's in my room, and then you can use the bathroom" she said as pointed me upstairs.
So I went upstairs and walked into her room. I closed the door behind me but didn't lock it and sat on her bed.
Austin's P.O.V.
I had just used the bathroom so I washed my hands and dried them. When I walked out of the bathroom I saw Becky sitting on Amanda's bed. I closed the bathroom door and headed for the room door. She walked up to me and pinned me against the wall. "What are you doing?" I asked her. "Shhhh.... There is no need for talking" she replied putting her finger on my lips.
She leaned in kissed me and I pushed her off of me. "No I have a girlfriend" I yelled. "Oh come on Austin, we both know you want this" she was walking up to me. "No I don't, now get away from me" I said running to the other side of the bed. She ran to where I was and I hopped onto the bed. Then I tried to get off of the bed but she caught me and she pinned me down and kissed me.
I couldn't help myself so I kissed her back. I knew what I was doing was wrong so I reacted and tried to get her off of me but she pinned my arms and kissed me.
Amanda's P.O.V.
What is taking Austin so long? I was wondering. So I went upstairs.
Austin's P.O.V.I tried to get her off of me but she was too strong. Then she moved my hands to her ass and then I heard the door open. I saw the love of my life standing at the door just looking at what was going on. I saw tears coming from her eyes. "Amanda, its not what it looks like" I told her. "Oh really?!! So I doesn't look like you were making out with Becky and touching her ass?!!!!" She yelled
"No that's not what happened, just listen to me" I begged as I pushed Becky off of me and quickly walked to her. "I can't believe that I was so STUPID to fall for you" she yelled. "Amanda listen to me, she came onto me" I tried explaining to her but she didn't listen to me. "No I'm gonna believe your lies" she told me as she started to walk away.
"Baby please just listen to me" I begged as I grabbed her wrist. "Get off of me I'm not your Baby anymore! I can see she's your Baby now! I don't want you a part of my life any more. You need to be gone by tonight with all of your stuff and I mean it" she said yanking her arm out of my grip and running downstairs.
Tears were falling from her face and I could hear her crying from up here. I walked back into the room and saw Becky sitting on the bed smiling. I went up to her and I grabbed her wrist. "I want you to get the hell out of this house and don't come back, I don't want you near me or Amanda. You just made me loose the love of my life and I will never forgive you for that. Get the hell out of this house now!" I said I brong downstairs, opened the front door, and pushed her out.
Amanda's P.O.V.
I was in the kitchen and everyone was surrounding me trying to make me feel better. I was crying my eyes out and I just couldn't stop crying. As I was crying I was listening to Quadira talking to all of the girls. "I'm gonna beat the shit out of him the next time I see him, who's with me on that?" I heard her say. "I am!" All of the girls said. "You guys can go find him cause he's probably still here" I said calming myself down.