
She opened the front door and went straight for the car. I opened up the door for her and closed it behind her. I got in and started the car. "What's your address?" I asked her as I pulled out of my drive way. "My address is ******* ***** ***" she said putting on her seat belt. "Ok" I said. I drove to her place. I decided to turn on my iPod and play some music.
"Here, you can choose a song" I said handing her my iPod. "Ok thanks" she replied with a big smile as she grabbed my iPod. A moment later she let's out a little screech. "Ah! Omg I love this song" she says in a high pitched voice. She clicks on the song and turns up the sound a little. I recognized the beat, it was "Throw some mo' by Rae Sremmurd ft. Nicky Minaj and Young Thug. She started to rap to the song.
"Ass fat, yea I know. You just got cash, blow some mo'. Blow some mo', blow some mo'. The more you spend it, the faster it go. Bad bitches, on the floor, its rainin' hunnids. Throw some mo', throw some mo'Throw some mo', throw some mo'". "Oh shit, I didn't expect you to know that song!" I said as I laughed. "You know what they say, don't judge a book by its cover" she quoted. "True, true" I said as I let out a little giggle.
She started to look at the songs on my iPod again while still rapping to the song. All of a sudden the sing stopped playing and another song played. I didn't really recognize the beginning but then I started to realize what song it was, it was "Your Love by Nicky Minaj". "I like this song" I said giving her a smile. "Me too" she replied also giving me a smile. She sang the song, then I interrupted her.
"Sorry Sweet Cheeks, but we're here" I giggled. "Awe man, I really love this song tho" she said as she gave me a pouty face and puppy eyes. "You can take it with you, it doesn't matter to me" I said. "Ok thank you" she said as she unhooked my iPod from the cord, got to of the car, and closed the door. She went to the front door and got her keys out and I was still in the car.
I guess she just realized that because she had turned around and started to walk back to the car. Then she opened the car door. "Hey, you know you can come inside, right?!" She said. "Ok I'm coming, I just didn't know if you wanted me to wait in the car or not" I replied. "Oh no, you can come inside. I mean like after all you did let me sleep in your bed" she said letting out a giggle.
I walked out of the car and followed her inside. She grabbed my hand and brong me upstairs and lead me to her room. "Sorry, my room is a mess. I didn't get a chance to clean it up and stuff like that" she said letting go of my hand. Her room was so clean and it smelled so good. I think she was joking when she said that her room was a mess.
"You can sit or lay down on my bed if you want. Make yourself at home" she said as she got her clothes out from her walk-in closet. I watched her as she squatted to get a pair of shoes from her shoe shelf. I enjoyed looking at her ass. I had big goggly eyes and my mouth started to watery. I didn't realize that she had already walked out of the closet. I was still starring at the spot that she was squatting in.
She gave me a confused look and then she looked at the spot I was starring at, Still! "Were you starring at my ass?" She questioned, interupting my thoughts while giving me a smirk. "Ummm..... Uhhhh..." I said not knowing how to answer her question. "Its alright, don't worry about it. I'm gonna take a shower and I take really long showers so you can do whatever you want, except for going through my stuff" she said as she got all of her stuff, walked into the bathroom, and left the for cracked open.
All of a sudden I hear music playing so I listen carefully to see what song it was and I actually recognized the song it was "Beating Heart by Ellie Goulding. I actually like that song. I had to use the bathroom really badly and I tried to hold it in as much as I could. Then I knocked on the door. "Hey is there a bathroom that's really close to hear cause I really have to use the bathroom really bad and I don't think I can hold it much longer" I said while doing the pee-pee dance.