
Then Ravisha, Sierra, and Quadira called and said they're coming and bringing there boyfriends and not sure what time they'll get here but will text me when they're on there way. About twenty minutes later I got a text from Marisol and Sydney saying that they were gonna come and they were not sure what time they'll be here. I said that it was ok and that I'll see them when are here.
After I was done I got up and went downstairs with Austin to make a list of things we need for the party. Before Austin left I handed him the list. I kissed him and told that I'll see him when he gets back. I went up stairs to get Austin's iPod and my speakers. I brong them downstairs and put five in the backyard and four in the living room since it was next to the backyard.
Once I was done setting up everything, I went upstairs to take a shower. I grabbed my phone and put my music on shuffle, stripped my clothes off of my body, and hopped in the shower.
***I got out of the shower about ten minutes later since I was kind of in a rush. I grabbed my bright cherry red towel and wrapped it around my wet body. I walked over to my closet to get my outfit out. I decided to wear a teal strapless crop top, light blue booty shorts, all white Nike heels, a silver necklace that says "Amanda", silver hoop earrings, and my "Angel" perfume. I got dressed in my room and then headed back to my bathroom.
I decided to straighten my hair so I took out my flat iron and plugged it in and waited for it to heat up. I got out my hair cream and applied it to my hair so my hair won't burn. Once my flat iron made a beeping sound I took it and started to straighten my hair.
***
I just finished straightening the last piece of hair that needed to be done. I grabbed my phone, left my bathroom and room and went downstairs. I waited a couple of minutes, then I heard Austin's car pull up in front of my house. I went outside to see him getting out of the car. I ran over to him trying not to fall since I have heels on. Once I got to him I gave him a hug and a light, delicate kiss on the cheek.
"Did someone miss me while I was at the store?" He asked me as he let out a giggle. "Maybe" I said while blushing and giggling. "Awe" he said then he looked at me and spun me around just the way I like to be spun. "Damn Baby you look fucking hot in your outfit" he says as he licked his lips and looked at me as if I was a piece of candy.
"Thanks Babe" I said as I started to blush even more. "Ok let's get this stuff inside so you can have enough time to shower and get dressed" I said as I turned around, opened up the car door, grabbed some of the stuff, and went inside. Austin got the rest of the things so we didn't need to go back out. He bleeped his car three times to make sure that it was closed and closed the front door to my house.
He brong the rest of the things to the kitchen and I started to put the drinks and snack where they needed to go. After we were done I checked what time it was and it was only 6:38pm. I just sat on top of the counter and got on my phone, I caught Austin starring at me and I giggled inside about it. He went to go shower and I followed him to my room and laid down on my bed.
****
After he got out of the shower he got dressed, put on his shoes, and put on his cologne. Then I heard the door bell ring a few minutes later and that's when everything went downhill.