
Amanda's P.O.V.
Once we got to the club, Riya had found a parking and parked the car. "Everyone have their IDs?" I asked holding up my ID. "I have mine" Riya said excitedly. "Got mine" Sierra said. "Got it" Ravisha said impatiently perky. "Got mine, let's go have some fun!" Quadira shouted excitedly.
"Ahhhh!" We all screamed happily. We walked up to the entrance and showed the guard our IDs. The guard lets us in and we headed straight for the bar. "Can I have five shots please?" Riya said to the bar tender.
"Coming right up" he said as he turned around to get the bottle and brong out four shot glasses. As he was giving us our drinks I said to Riya, "I'm not so sure about this". "Oh come on, you'll be fine. Its not that bad ok, trust me on this" she said as she handed me the shot glass.
"Ok fine, I'll try it" I told her as I took it from her hand and quickly drank it. It was pretty strong, and it sorta had a bitter taste to it. I made a face since it was strong. "Do you like it?" Riya asked me.
"No, its too strong and it has a sorta bitter taste to it" I said making a disgusted face. "Well do you want something different?" She asked. "Yeah sure" I replied. "Ask the bar tender for what you want and tell him to put it on my tab" She said as she went to dance with a guy she just met.
"Can I have vodka and can you put it on her tab?" I asked the bar tender. "Yeah sure coming right up" he said as he turned around to get the bottle of vodka. I realized he looked at me a couple of times but I paid it no mind. He grabbed a short, wide glass cup and the vodka. He handed it to me and I drank some.
I started to walk off to the dance floor, then all of a sudden I feel a hand holding my wrist. I looked back to see the bar tender holding my wrist starring at me. "Don't go, stay" he said as he starred into my eyes. "No, let go of me and don't touch me" I said as I pulled my arm away from him making my arm slip from his hand.
There was a couple of cute guys that I was dancing with but I didn't have any interest in them. One of my favorite songs by Selena Gomez(Undercover) was starting to play and I was so happy. Then all of a sudden I spotted a guy from far. He looked really hot, he looked hotter than any other guy there.
He looked at me a couple of times and he started to walk towards me and in my mind I was saying "oh shit!" But I stood calm and just kept dancing. Then I felt someone behind me, dancing on me. I turned around to see the guy that I saw from far. He looked hotter up close.
I had a big smile on my face and I kept dancing with him. Once the song was finished, a song that I hated came on so I stopped dancing. I went to the bar to have another glass of vodka but this time there was a different bar tender.
"Hey what can I get ya" she said leaning on the table. "Can I have a glass of vodka please?" I asked. "Yeah sure, coming right up" she said as she got the vodka and the glass cup. "There you go" she said with a big smile. "Thanks" I said as I also gave her a big smile.
Then the hot guy came to the bar and came next to me. "Hey can I have vodka and can you put her drink on my tab?" He asked the bar tender. "Yeah sure and coming right up" she said as she put vodka in the same looking glass cup that I had. He took a sip and then looked at me.
"Hey what's your name?" He asked me with a huge smile. "Amanda, what your name?" I asked him as my face was turning as red as a rose. "Austin" he said as he moved his glass towards his mouth and drank some of his drink. "Hi, its nice to meet you Austin" I said holding my hand out for him to shake it.
He took my hand and left a soft, delicate kiss on the of it. "So Amanda, you're a really good dancer" he said as he smiled and his faced turned red. "Thanks" I said drinking my drink. "Hey Amanda, what's up? You having fun?" Riya asked me as she walked over to me with the same guy she was with earlier.