
She put her playlist on shuffle and the first song that comes on is "Beating Heart By Ellie Goulding". Then she changed the song, "hey put it back I love that song" I whined giving her puppy eyes. "Ok fine" she said giving in. It was her turn and as she was playing she sang the song and it sounded so beautiful so I had to record her. I got my phone out and recorded her beautiful, graceful voice.
**
After the song was finished I stopped recording and saved it to my phone. I deleted the old one and kept this one. I set that one as my new ringtone for everything. I knew she was gonna be mad with me but I didn't care.
**
After a while we heard the doorbell ring. I turned off the Wii and she grabbed her phone and turned off the music then she quickly put on her slippers. We went out the room and I closed the door behind her. I followed her downstairs and I went to the front door. She went to the kitchen and said to me "I'm gonna get out some drinks and snacks". "Ok that sounds great" I replied giving her a small, sweet, smile.
Then I opened up the door. I saw Zach, Alex, Alex's girlfriend, Robert, and Robert's girlfriend. I gave all of them a big welcoming smile. "Hey guys come on in, make yourselves at home" I said letting them inside.
Amanda's P.O.V.
As I was getting out the drinks and food and placing them on the counter I heard Austin talking to his friends and his friend's girlfriends. Then after I was done placing the items on the counter I left the kitchen so I can meet Austin's friends. Once I got to the front door I saw Austin and his friends.
One of the guys was really hot and I think it was the tattoos and that he looks like a sex god is what turned me on. But anyways besides all of that, there was the guys and two girls. So I thought to myself, "well that means that one of them is single. Ok you need to stop you have a boyfriend. But yet again we don't really know each other that well. I mean like, we met just last night and we hooked up last night".
Then I got interrupted out of my thoughts by Austin. "Guys this is Amanda, Amanda this is Alex, Sydney, Robert, Marisol, and Zach" he said pointing to them. "Hi" we said to each other as we introduced ourselves. We shook each others hands and we went to the kitchen. We got to the kitchen and they all sat on a tool that was under the island.
"Do you guys want some soda?" I asked as I pointed at the sodas that were on the counter. "Yeah sure" they all said. "What kind do you guys want?" I asked. "Can I have a Pepsi?" Sydney asked. "Can I have a Coke?" Marisol asked. "Can I have a Root Beer?" Robert asked. "Can I have a Sprite?" Alex asked. "Is there any beer?" Zach asked me as he gave me a smirk.
"Ok coming right up and I don't know if there is any but I will check, but hold on on a sec" I said giving everyone there drink except for Zach since I had to see if there was any beer. I went into the refrigerator and checked to see if there was any beer and there was no beer. "Nope sorry there's no but there is Red and Blue Mountain Dew" I said taking out a Blue and Red Mountain Dew soda.
"I'll take a Blue Mountain please" he said pointing to the soda. "Ok here you go" I said handing him his soda with a huge smile. I felt my cheeks getting red but I tried to hide it and it worked. I had a Red Mountain Dew since its my favorite soda and so did Austin. "So do you guys want to hang out in the backyard and listen to music?" Austin asked.