
Amanda's P.O.V.
"Baby! Baby Girl! Wake up we're home" Austin said as he let out a small giggle. "Oh ok" I answered in my sleepy voice as I woke up from my car nap. "Do you want me to carry you inside?" He asked. "No I could do it" I said sounding like a little kid. "Ok just let me know if you need help" he replied. I shook my head 'ok' and opened the car door. I started to get up slowly, my legs were shaking and I felt like I was gonna fall. I put one foot in front of the other, I almost fell but I brong myself back up. {Didn't notice that the crew parked their cars away from the house}
I moved out of the way so I can close the car door. I started to move towards the house by holding myself up with the car. My arms and legs were shaking, I finally gave up and fell. Austin came running to me and helped me up, I felt like screaming and crying inside. "Ok come on, I got you. You can do this, I know you can" he said while holding my hand and having his other hand on my back.
We got to the door, he got out his key to unlock the door while still holding my hand. I started to cry but I was trying to hide it, I felt hopeless. He opened the door and we walked in. "SURPRISE!" the whole crew yelled. I stood in shock still crying because I was in so much pain. They all stood there with their eyes widened, then Quadira and Riya came over to me.
"Amanda its gonna be ok, you're gonna get better soon" Riya said to me while grabbing my hand trying to make me feel better. "I'm in pain, I can't do anything without help, and I'm tired. I just want to go to sleep, I'm sorry I let you guys down" I said apologizing. "No, there is no need for you to apologize. We all understand, we're gonna be down here waiting for you for whenever you wake up" Robert said as be walked up to me and gave me a hug.
"Ok thank you guys for understanding". "Ok course we would understand" Quadira said. Austin helped me upstairs and everybody watched. We got to my room and Austin closed the while helping me to my bed. "Austin I have to use the bathroom" I said. "Ok let walk you there" he responded as he walked me there. He opened to door and the first thing that I see is my reflection in the mirror.
I had cuts and bruises, my eye was swollen. It terrified me, I just stood in shock and Austin looked at me with concern. I cried and I said, "oh my God! I look horrifying!" I sort of shouted. "Baby no you don't, you are beautiful to me and always will be. I don't care about what anyone says" he said as he cupped my face in his hand and wiped my tears away. "Come on let's get you out of the site of this mirror.
I nodded my head 'ok' and walked to the toilet, he sat me on the toilet. "Do you want me to help you?" He questioned. "No thank you I got this, you can wait outside until I call you back" I said. He nodded and said 'ok', he walked out and closed the door. I got up holding myself with the counter and brong up the lid. I pulled my pants and panties down and sat down.
Austin's P.O.V.
I waited by the door for Amanda to finish so I can help her back to her bed. I heard the toilet flush and the sink turn on, I new she was almost done. All of a sudden I heard her scream, "I hate you!" I quickly opened to door to see what was going on, and I what I saw made me want to cry because I hate to see her like this.
She was looking at herself in the mirror and crying. I quickly walked to her and gave her the tightest hug ever. I kissed her forehead, grabbed her hand and noticed that it felt warm, and wet. I knew that she had washed her hands but she always dried her hands after wards. I looked down to see blood dripping from her arms to her hand. "Oh my God what did you do to yourself?!" I whisper shouted at her. She cried even more than before and put her face in my chest.