
"There's one down stairs in the living room under the stairs" she said. "I don't think I can make it" I replied. "Then come in and use the bathroom in hear, I don't want you to pee on yourself" she said allowing me to use the bathroom. I quickly walked into the bathroom and went straight for the toilet not caring that the door was open. I finally got to use the bathroom and it felt good. "Ahhhhh" I said to myself as I used the bathroom.
After I was done I washed my hands and dried them. The song was almost over and I realized that Amanda was singing to it. Her voice was amazing. She sounds like Ellie Goulding mixed with a tiny bit of Ariana Grande. Instead of walking out of the bathroom I decide to sit on the counter and listen to her sing. I think I can listen to her all day. I got an idea, so I got my phone out and recorded her singing.
Then I realized that the water was turning off so I quickly left the bathroom. I took off my shoes and laid on her bed acting like I was laying there the hole time after I was done using the bathroom. But I wasn't. Hehehe(evil laugh) I was on my phone and I was on Instagram. I just laid there and there. She had just finished brushing her teeth. Then the door started to open completely. I saw her she looked so pretty with her hair wet and curly.
She was wearing black booty shorts with a blue crop top. She came out from the bathroom and walked to her laundry basket and put her dirty clothes in it. She got a pair of socks from her sock drawer and sat on her bed. She put on her socks and her shoes. Then she walked over to her desk that had a mirror and put on big blue hoop earrings and her N°5 Chanel perfume.
I heard her shoes as she was walking, she was wearing heels. "Why did she need to put on socks if she's wearing heels?" I asked myself. Then she went around her beef and sat by me. I looked at her shoes and she was wearing blue, black, and white Nike heels. She looked so hot, I thought I started to druel but I didn't. "Hey I've got to show you something" I said to her as I sat on her bed, putting her on my lap, and getting out my phone. I went to records and I clicked on the one of her.
" Wanna hear your beating heart tonight. Before the bleeding sun comes alive. I want to make the best of what is left, hold tight. And hear my beating heart one last time. Before daylight" we listen to in the recording. "What is that?" She questioned with a confused look. "That's you singing in the shower, I loved they way you sounded so I decided to record your voice" I said as I watched her eyes get really big and her cover her mouth with her hand.
"Oh my god, no you didn't. I hate my voice, please delete it!" She cried. "Ok fine" I said as I clicked on another recording making her think that it's the recording of her voice. I showed her the screen and I deleted it. "Ok thank you" she said leaning in and kissing my cheek. She got off of my lap and got her phone and a pair of sandals. I put on my shoes really quick and grabbed my phone.
She got downstairs before I did. So once I was heading downstairs I quickly and quietly set her voice for all of my notifications and all of my contacts and etc. She will be so mad when she finds out but it's worth it. I finally got downstairs and opened the front door for her. We headed for the car and I opened her door and closed it when she was done. I got in and started the car, then I drive off.
*******
We were at my house and I texted the guys earlier. They said they'll be here around 5:00-5:30pm and I said that it was fine. It was only 4:30 so we had some time to spare. "Hey do you want to play bowling on my Wii?" I asked her. "Yeah sure, that sounds fun" she replied as she was taking off her shoes and socks. "I call dibs on the first player controller"she called out. "Ok fine" I said as I gave her the first player controller. We started the game and when it was my turn she got on her phone and played some music.