
Amanda's P.O.V.
I had a lot of fun yesterday with Austin and them. I saw that Austin had caught Zach starring at me and I knew he was pissed about it. I wanted to tell that I caught Zach looking at me and that I knew that he caught him looking at me too. But I didn't want to cause any problems between them because I know that if Zach found out that I told him then he would tell Austin that I was starring at him too.
So I just left it alone.
Austin's P.O.V.
I had a lot of fun with Amanda and them but I'm still pissed at Zach for what he did. I need to learn to get over it because its gonna happen a lot. I mean like really, who wouldn't stare at her? She's fucking gorgeous. But like I said I need to to learn how to let it go and deal with it.
****I'm on my way to Amanda's house. She wanted me to take her home yesterday cause she said that she need to get some stuff done. So as I was driving I began to think about the day we met to now which was no too long. I was so deep into my thoughts that as I was driving I was paying attention to the road. Once I gained back my focus I was at least 2 inches close to hitting a car.
Good thing that I have good reactions when it comes to driving. I swerved quickly and I basically sliced the other car. I heart went to my ass and my heart was pounding on top of that. I pulled over to take a breather and to calm down. Once I was calm and ready to drive, I hopped back in the car and drove off. I'm still kind of shaky about the situation but other wise I'm good.
****
I got to Amanda's house and parked in front of her house, blocking the exit for her car. I walked up to the door and knocked. I waited a few moments and then I heard the door being unlocked. Then the door opened, I saw a big, beautiful grin. "Hi" Amanda said greeting me and giving me a welcoming hug. I love her hugs cause it feels like I'm hugging a warm teddy bear.
I hugged her so tight and then I let out a couple of tears. I didn't even bother to let her go. "Um.... I love you too but can let go now" Amanda said with a little chuckle, not knowing I was crying. I let go of her and looked straight into her eyes. She saw tears sliding down my face, coming from my eyes. She gave me a look of consern.
"Oh my god! Baby what happened, are you ok?" she asked with A LOT of consern. "I'm pissed with myself" I responded while walking her to her couch. "Why Babe, why are you pissed with yourself?" She say as she holds my hand in her hands. I didn't reply to her, I just stood quiet. "Baby answer me! Come you know you could tell me anything" she says persuading me to tell her.
"I almost go into a serious car accident and I scared the shit out of myself because if I would've gotten into a comma or something and I didn't wake up, I wouldn't want you to suffer and be without me" I finally responded. Her jaw dropped and a tear slid down her face. She didn't say anything but, she gave me a tight warm hug that was filled with love.
She kissed me and she just held me in her arms. I love being in her arms cause I feel safe. I cried in her arms and she rubbed my back giving me comfort. I stopped crying but tears are still running down my face. I look at her dead in the eyes and then I talk. "Do you know what are the worst things in my life that I wish that would never happen and even thank God that didn't happen?" I asked her.
"No, what are they? She questioned. "I thank God that I have met you and that you are in my life, and I wish that I will never loose you." I respond as one last tear fell from my eye. She started to cry, not tears of sadness but tears of joy. She gave me a huge smile and I smiled back. I couldn't help but look at her lips, they caught my attention. I just wanted her, she turned me on completely.