
I put her to sit on the counter and then quickly texted Robert and told him to quickly get me the first aid kit and a rag from downstairs. He replied with a simple 'ok' and I put my phone away. I put her arm in the sink and asked her, "what did you do this with?" She put her hand in her pocket slowly and then she pulled out my pocket knife that I had put in my jacket pocket. My jaw dropped and I grabbed it from her hands. I opened it to see that her blood was all over it.
Then Robert came in, "oh my God what happened?!" He asked me. "I don't know, all I know is that she screamed, 'I hate you' while looking at herself in the mirror because that's what I saw when I walked in. He walked to her and put his hands on her arms while looking at her in the eyes. "Amanda, you're like a sister to me, I worry about you. You need to tell us what happened" he said.
"I look ugly everyday and now I look horrifying. I just don't know how he can love someone like me that looks...... ugly and horrifying." I started to cry and I was speechless. "You are a every beautiful girl and Austin is very lucky to have you". Robert looked at me and just patted me on the back and walked out to got back downstairs. "Listen to me, I love you. I love 'YOU'. You are beautiful in every way, so I don't see why you do this to yourself. I will FOREVER AND ALWAYS know that you're beautiful and love you with all my heart" I said as I cupped her face in my hands.
Robert's P.O.V.
I walked back downstairs, still in shock about what I just happened. "Hey, what happened? Why did he need the first aid kit and a rag?" Marisol asked. I sighed and then I spoke, "Amanda cut herself with Austin's pocket knife". Everyone heard and stood in shock. "Oh my God, why would she do that?" She asked concerned. "Its a long story" I replied. "Well I'm going up there to see her" she said as she tried to go around me.
I held her back from going upstairs and told her, "no you're not. Austin's talking to her and he's probably putting her in bed already. "Ok fine, I'll see how she is later" she replied and walked away. A few moments later Emily spoke, "I wonder what's wrong".
Amanda's P.O.V.
Austin just finished cleaning out my cuts and putting band aids on them. I only cut myself twice so it didn't take him long to finish. After he was done he washed his hands really good and dried them. He picked me up bridal style, turned off the bathroom light and took me to my bed. As he did that I starred into his beautiful hazel eyes. He looked at me and smiled, he walked to the other side of the bed and laid next to me.
We starred into each other eyes for only two minutes which actually felt like forever. "Austin?!" I said. "Amanda" he replied. "I want two things". "And what are those two things?" He asked. "I want to laugh and I want a kiss. I haven't gotten a kiss or gotten a chance to laugh" I replied. "I gave you a kiss tho" he said. "That was a kiss on the forehead, I don't want one on the forehead".
"Alright I'll give you a kiss but I want to see that gorgeous smile of yours first so I'm gonna make you laugh" he said, I gave him a small smile. He got closer and closer to me, he started to nibble on my ear. It tickled a lot so I couldn't stop laughing. He was nibbling on my ear for about maybe two minutes but it felt like he's was going it for a long time. I couldn't breath because he started to tickle my stomach.