
Austin's P.O.V.
I just woke up and its only 10:54am. I am so tired from last night but it was worth it. I was facing the bedroom window so, I decided to turn around to see if she was still there. And luckly she was there, sleeping next to me. She looks so peaceful and calm. I just laid there starring at her. She moved a little and a piece of her hair was in her face. I gently moved it behind her ear.
All of a sudden I saw her eyes flutter open like a butterfly's wings. She looked beautiful. "Good morning Gorgeous" I said I gave her a big smile and I let out a tiny giggle. "Good morning" she said quiet and sweetly as she gave me a smirk. "How are you feeling? You drank a lot of vodka last night" I said as I looked deeply into her eyes.
She held her stomach and curled up into a little ball and I put my hand on her arm and rubbed it. "I don't feel to good. Where is your bathroom?" she asked as she uncovered herself. "Through that door" I replied as I pointed to the door next to my closet. "Ok I'll be right back" she said as she covered her mouth with her hand, ran to the bathroom, and closed the door behind her.
A moment later I started to hear her throwing up. I quickly got up and walked to the bathroom. I grabbed the doorknob to see if she locked it, it was open. I looked in and saw her throwing up in the trash can. I came over, sat next to her and rubbed her back. "Its ok let it all out" I said gently patting her back.
**
About 2 minutes later she finished throwing up and she wiped her face. "Ugh" she groaned while wiping her mouth. "I need to get this taste out of my mouth, can u take me to my house so I can brush my teeth and take a shower?" she asked while getting up and walking to the room. "Yeah of course" I told her while following her to the room.
"Where are my clothes from last night?" she ask while standing in the middle of the room. "Its right there on top of my desk chair" I replied pointing to my desk chair. "Ok thanks" she said while grabbing her clothes and walking to the bathroom. I sat there on my bed just watching her walk to the bathroom. She has a pretty nice ass.
"Oh and by the way, thank you for everything" she said thanking me. "No problem, you were really drunk I wasn't gonna just leave you to sleep there" I replied as I gave her a huge smile. She smiled back and closed the door. I got up went into my closet and got out an outfit.
I texeted Robert, Alex, and Zach to see if they wanted to hang out today. They said yes. I told them about last night. They asked me what her name was and I told them her name is Amanda. "Do you think she's a keeper or a whore?" Zach asked me. "Definitely Keeper" I replied to him. "Well if you think she's a keeper then you better treat her really well cause a girl like that deserves good" he said.
"Oh believe me I'm not losing her, and believe me when I say I'm gonna treat her really well" I said being serious. "I believe you" he replied. "Ok I got to go bye" I said ending the conversation. I got dressed and ready. I brushed my teeth and I didn't feel like doing my hair so I just put on a snapback. I walked out the bathroom and saw Amanda sitting on my bed on her phone.
"Hey are we gonna hang out today or do you just want to stay at your place?" I ask as I walked out of the bathroom. "I'll hang out with you today" she said as she got up from my bed. "Ok and my friends Alex, Zach, and Robert are coming if you don't mind" I said. "No I don't mind at all, I like meeting new people" she said as she put her phone in her back pocket.
"Ok that's great cause I think they would get along with you really well" I said. "Hey can we bring an extra person along because me and Robert have our girl friends?" Alex texted me. "Yeah sure if you want" I replied and put my phone away. "Oh and they're bringing their girl friends as well" I said to Amanda as I followed her out of the room. "Ok" she said walking down the steps.