
I caught Austin smiling and looking at me like if I was a piece of candy. I was laughing inside a little bit. And Liam was looking at Riya the same way.
*Once it was time for us to go to the chairs, we did what they did in the music video. "You say you're a big boy. But I can't agree. 'Cause the love you said you had, Ain't been put on me. I wonder. If I'm just too much for you. Wonder.If my kiss don't make you just. Wonder. What I got next for you. What you want to do?" Riya sang.
Take a chance to recognize that this could be yours. I can see, just like most guys that your game don't please. Baby, can't you see? How these clothes are fitting on me. And the heat coming from this beat. I'm about to blow. I don't think you know" I sang as I was walked up to Austin, grabbed his hand and danced on him.
A minute before it was our dance routine, I had to get up on him and push towards the bar while dancing. It was time for me to do my dance routine and we did what they did in the music video.
**
The song had finished and everyone in the club cheered us on, they all loved it. Then me and Riya walked back to the bar and Austin gave me my shirt but before I could put it back on he put his hands on my waist, pulled me closer to him and kissed me.
He lifted up my legs and wrapped them around his torso. He put me ontop of the bar table and he licked my bottom lip asking for entrance which I gladly gave him. My fingers were tangled in his hair and my heart was race really fast. "Eehhmm" Riya said interrupting us.
We stopped and looked at her and I put my shirt back on. "Hey if you're going to do that then you've have to got home because, I don't want to see you guys having sex in front of everybody and I definitely don't want you guys to have orgasms in front of everybody" Riya said laughing.
"I don't want to go home yet, I want to get waisted and then go home" I said laughing. "Can I get a margarita, vodka, and two beers please" Riya said to the bar tender. "Sure coming right up" she said to Riya. "Oh and no sitting, kissing, or sex on the bar table please" the bar tender said to me and Austin.
Then we all started to laugh. The next minute you look you see Riya and Liam making out. Me and Austin started to laugh. "Hey you two get a room" I said to them. Then they stopped and started to laugh.
"Ok just out of curiosity why did you kiss me and punch the DJ in the face yet you don't even know me?" I asked Austin. "Because you're not like any other girl I've met before and I don't know if I'll ever see you again so I took a shot at it. And surprisingly you kept kissing me, most girls would smack me in the face or walk away. And plus I like you, you're fucking Gorgeous" he said letting out a giggle.
"Oh ok and I like you too" I said as blushed. I took off it snapback and put it on and said to him, "I like your snapback". "It looks cute on you, keep it" he said moving my hair from in front of my hair to the side so he can see my face.
"Thanks" I said as I put my arms around his neck and kissed him while I was sitting and he was standing. "So are we dating?" Austin asked me as he was starring into my eyes. "Yeah" I said with a big smile and red cheeks.
We both laughed and as I was laughing I covered my smile with my hand. "Why do you do that?" He asked while laughing. "Do what?" I asked him confused. "Cover your smile with your hand" he said as he pulled me closer to him.
"I don't like for people to see my smile cause its ugly" I said as I put my arms around his neck again. "Well I don't think its ugly, I thinks its beautiful and I'm not ashamed of you or your smile. I love your smile" he said making me blush.