
"Ok we're gonna go look for him now but we're gonna have to be really quiet when we go upstairs so we can catch him by surprise" she said with a evil look on her face. She lead all of the girls upstairs and all of the boys stood with me keeping me company. "Hey whats going on, what happened?" Zach asked as he walked in causee had no clue what was going on since he was drunk and passed out for a while.
"Amanda had caught Austin making out with Becky in her bed a few minutes ago" Robert replied as he was hugging me trying to make me feel better. Zach's jaw dropped and he sighed in frustration. He came and hugged me. "Oh my God, I'm so sorry" he said as he wiped a tear from my face and looked at me.
Quadira's P.O.V.
All of the girls went upstairs quietly and I peeked through the corner of the stairs to see of the door was open, and gladly it was. Austin wasn't anywhere were he could see us coming so I told the girls to follow me as I walked into the room. I peeked through the corner of the room and saw Austin sitting on the edge of the bed crying.
"He's crying" I whispered to Riya. "Why is he crying if he broke my best friend's heart?" She questioned. "I don't know but let's see, we'll just walk in calmly, close the door after everyone's in, and then we'll talk to him" I responded. So I just walked in with the girls and we closed the door. He looked up at us and gave us a confused look.
"Ok Austin, we're gonna have a little talk. I want you to explain to us what happened and how you feel and if we don't believe you then we're gonna take you and all yo shit and throw it out the door. Got it?" Riya said. He nodded his head fast and nervously. "Ok tell us what happened" Sierra said while we all sat down.
"Ok so this is what happened, I had just came out the bathroom and I saw Becky sitting on the bed. I just thought that she had to use the bathroom so I just passed by her and she grabbed my wrist and pinned me against the wall. And I asked her "What are you doing?" And she told me, "Shhhh.... There is no need for talking" as she put her finger on my lips.
She leaned in kissed me and I pushed her off of me. Then I told her, "No I have a girlfriend". Then she said "Oh come on Austin, we both know you want this" and I was just like, "No I don't, now get away from me" as I ran to the other side of the bed. She ran to where I was and I hopped onto the bed. Then I tried to get off of the bed but she caught me and she pinned me down and kissed me.
I made a mistake by kissing her back. And I knew what I was doing was wrong so I reacted and tried to get her off of me but she pinned my arms and kissed me.I tried to get her off of me but she was too strong. Then she moved my hands to her ass and then I heard the door open. I saw Amanda standing at the door just looking at what was going on. And that's when everything just bad" he said.
"Wow" Emily said making the "wow" long. "What a bitch" Marisol said. "Ok we can tell you're telling the truth" Ravisha said. "Oh my god why would she do that, cause we all know she saw you and Amanda kiss" Riya said. "Well I don't know" Austin said.
Austin's P.O.V.
I sat there and thought about everything that just happened, then I had a flashback.
*Flaskback*