
Amanda's P.O.V.
I went downstairs with Austin and he had opened up the door. When he opened the door we saw Marisol and Sydney standing there with Alex and Robert. "Hey guys" me and Austin said at the same time to them. "Hey" they replied. "Zach isn't coming?" I asked them. "Yeah he is. He's just coming a little bit later. He might be on his way right now" Robert replied. "Oh ok" I said as Austin let them in.
They looked around at there surroundings and then they nodded. "What a beautiful house you have" Sydney commented. "Thanks, I try to keep it clean since its kind of big" I said as I lead them to the kitchen. "Yeah, the first time I came here and I went up to her room she told me to excuse the mess, and her room wasn't even messy. It was very organized and clean" Austin told them with a little giggle added to it.
"Wow" they all said. "What?! I'm a very clean person" I said as I we sat down on the stools that were pushed under the island. "Yeah I can tell" Alex said while laughing. "Shut up" I replied playfully. *Ding dong* the doorbell rang, "I got it!" I sort of yelled as I got up and ran to the door. Once I got to the door I opened it and saw Zach and a girl with him.
"Hey" I said to both of them. "Hi" Zach replied while the girl waved at me. "Come on in" I said letting them walk in. "Amanda this is my cousin Rebecca, Rebecca this is Amanda" Zach says as he introduced us. "Hi Amanda, you can call me Becky" she said holding out her hand for me to shake. "Hi" I replied as I shook her hand. I lead them to the kitchen were everyone else was.
To be honest, she looks like a total whore that would try to steal another girl's man. But you never know she may become a close friend of mine. Never judge a book by its cover.
We got to the kitchen and I introduced her to everyone. We talked for a while and then everyone showed up and we all started to have fun. I was playing music on the iPod and everyone was dancing, except for Becky. So I went over to her and asked her why wasn't she dancing and she said that she likes someone here and she doesn't want to embarrass herself.
So I gave her advice, "well guess what? No one here is gonna make fun of you, if anything they're gonna have fun with you. And when it comes to guys that you like, just be yourself" I said putting my hand on her shoulder. "You know what, you're right. Let's go have fun" she said getting up and going to dance.
Zach's P.O.V.
Since my cousin Becky came over this weekend I decided to take her to have some fun. I made up a plan and she's part of it, I explained it to her.
*Plan*•Rebecca is gonna be all nice to everyone•Once she catches Austin alone she's gonna make a move on him•Amanda is gonna catch them•She's gonna be pissed and dump Austin•She gonna come to me crying and she'll be mine
*End of plan*
I'm gonna get her to be mine one way or another. I had my eye on her since the day I've met her. She's the only thing on mind everyday.
Austin's P.O.V.
Its only 10:30pm and I have got to use the bathroom. I think I had too much soda. The downstairs bathroom doesn't work so I had to go upstairs to use the bathroom. So I ran upstairs and went to the one in Amanda's room.
Becky's P.O.V.