
"Hell yeah, I mean like there was a little misshap earlier with the last bar tender but its all good" said looking at Austin since he gave me a confused look. "Hey Riya, aren't you gonna introduce your little friend?" I said as I let out a slight laugh.
"Amanda this is Liam, Liam this is Amanda" she said introducing us. "Hi" we said at the same time and we shook hands. Then Austin turned around, "Yo Liam, what's up bro? I didn't realize you were standing there" he said as he got up and gave him a "bro hug",
"Nothing much, what's going on with you man?" Liam asked Austin. "Nothing much bro, just having fun with Mrs. Gorgeous here" he said as he pointed at me. My face lit up and my cheeks were starting to get warm.
Then Riya and Liam sat down and we talked for a little bit. "So Amanda, how did you learn how to dance?" Austin asked me after he took his last sip of vodka. "I took dance when I was little so now I know how to dance to almost anything" I said as I was hearing myself talk and listening to the music.
"Can you show me what you got?" Austin said smiling while letting out a giggle. "Yeah sure. Hey guys let's go dance" I said to Riya and Liam as I got up holding Austin's hand making him follow me to the dance floor. They got up and followed me.
I was so happy because my favorite song by Ariana Grande(Hands On Me; top or side of the screen) came on and I love to dance to that song. Me and Austin started to dance and I was having so much fun.
I felt like I was in the movie Step Up Revolution(Favorite Dance Movie) since people made a circle around us to watch us dance. When it came to ASAP Ferg's part, I turned around and Austin put his hands on my waist and started to grind on me from behind. Then I put my hands around his neck while he was still behind me.
I was slowly going down to the floor while sliding down his body until I crouching, then I bounced back up and I twerked on him Nicky Minaj Style. Then the song was over and everyone was cheering for us. I saw Riya and Liam cheering us on.
Then I saw Ravisha with a cute blonde guy cheering us on. Sierra and also a cute blonde guy cheering us on. But I didn't see Quadira, I was wondering why I didn't see her cause she would've came up to me already. Then Riya walked up to me.
"Oh my god, you guys killed it out there!" Riya shouted. "Thanks" me and Austin said at the same time. "Hey where is Quadira have you seen her? Cause I saw everyone else but her" I said to Riya. "Yeah I saw her an hour ago, she left with a guy named Jared that she had met" Riya said.
"Oh my god, Jared is my home boy" Austin said with a smile. "Wow you know almost a lot of people" I said to Austin as I let out a slight giggle. "Yeah I actually know a lot of people" Austin said as he let out a little laughed.
Then we went back to the bar and we took a break. As time past the songs started to get boring so I didn't dance for a while. "Hey do you guys want me to ask the DJ to play Trap-Step?" I asked them. "Yeah sure" Austin said. Then I walked to the stage and went up to the DJ. "Hey can you play Set Me Free by Martin Garrix?" I asked the DJ.
"Sure, coming right up" he said as he stopped playing the song that was on. I started to walk away to get to the bar. "Hey wait" the DJ said. "Yeah" I said as I turned around, walked towards him and looked at him. "Can I take you home tonight Beautiful?" He asked me as he winked at me and tried to put his hand on my waist.
I smacked his hand before he could even touch my waist. "Don't touch me, and I'm hear with someone and even if I wasn't I still wouldn't because I know that you're a thirsty dog" I said as I walked away with an attitude. Then I walked over to the bar and I went to grab Austin's hand.