
I couldn't help myself so I leaned in and kissed her. It was the type of kiss that was sweet and cute, it was filled with love and lust. She wrapped her arms around my neck and I sucked on her bottom lip. Then I asked her for entrance which she gladly gave me. I put my hands on her waist and moved my hands towards her thighs.
I quickly moved her on top of my lap and I started to suck on her jaw line and her neck trying to find her sweet spot. I squeezed her ass and smacked it a couple of times too. And gladly I found it and fast too. We had a CRAZY, hot make out session for about an hour.
Amanda's P.O.V.
After me and Austin had our make out session we went to the kitchen to get some snacks and drinks to bring upstairs. Once we left the kitchen we went upstairs and we laid down on the bed. "What do you want to watch?" Austin asks me as he puts on Netflix. "Umm.... I don't know, let's what's on" I responded. We laid down and cuddle while choosing a movie.
We chose to watch the movie "Annabelle". I screamed during some parts of the movie and Austin laughed. "What are you laughing at?" I asked him while letting out a slight giggle. "You're aborable when you're scared" he replies while giggling. "Shut up" I say playfully punching him on the shoulder while laughing.
"Do you know what was the best moment I've ever had in my life?" He questions while looking into my eyes. "No, what?" I reply and question while blushing and smiling. "The best part of my life was when I first met and held you in my arms the same night" he says while cupping my face in his hand while looking deep into my eyes.
I let out a little tear of happiness and my cheeks started to get hot and red. He rubbed my cheek with his thumb and I looked at his hazel eyes. He leaned in and gave me a sweet, cute, delicate kiss. I kissed back but I controlled myself from making it wild. We laid back down and cuddled for a while. I buried my face into his chest and started to fall asleep.
"You can go to sleep, I'm right here next to you" he says as he hugs me tight. Then I fell asleep and everything went black.
****
I woke up an hour later to see that Austin wasn't next to me. I got up and I checked around the whole house and I couldn't find him so, I decided to call him. I grabbed my phone and called him then he picked up. "Hey Baby where are you?" I asked with a lot of concern. "I'm at the store buying some clothes and stuff that I could keep at your place for when I stay over. I didn't think you would mind or wake up" he responded.
"Oh ok that's fine. I'm ok with that" I said. "Ok I'll see you when I get back, bye Baby" he says ending the conversation. "Ok bye babe" I say ending the conversation.
***
Austin got back home and I asked him if he wanted to have a little get together with our friends today at my place. He responded and said "yeah that sounds great I'll text my everyone and invite them over here". "Ok me too" I say as I get out my phone. I texted Quadira, Riya, Ravisha, Emily, Sierra, Sydney, and Marisol in a group text.
"Hey guys I'm having a little get together at my place, if you want to come call me and you can bring another friend or friends if you want" I sent to them. After I sent the text I locked my phone and put it down and turned the TV on.
Two minutes later I got a call from Riya, she says that she could come and that she'll bring her boyfriend Liam and be here around 7:00pm. It's 3:30pm so we have enough time. Six minutes later Emily sent me a different text and said that she was coming, she would be here around 7:15pm and she's bringing her boyfriend Ian.