
He followed me along with Riya and Liam. He played the song I requested and we danced to it.
**After the song finished we walked back to the bar and we sat down. Austin and Liam were talking so I just decided to ask Riya something. "Hey Riya, can you go ask the DJ if he can play the song Buttons by The Pussy Cat Dolls?" I asked her hoping she would say yes.
"Yeah sure, but why do you want me to do it?" She asked me very concerned. "Because he asked me if he can take me home and tried to touch me" I said to Riya. I said Austin heard what I said because he looked at me and he looked kind of mad so, he interrupted the conversation.
"He tried to touch you!" Austin said as he got more mad. "Yeah but I smacked him so I'm just trying to stay away from him" I said to Austin. "Well I'm gonna punch him in the face. I want you to go back up there, request the song and if I see that he tries to lay one finger on you I'm gonna punch him in the face" he said walking over to me.
"Ok but are you gonna be in the crowd blending in but next to the stage where you could see what's happening?" I asked him. "Yeah" he said as we started to walk into the crowd but in different directions. I got up on stage and I saw Austin trying to blend in.
"Hey, can you play Buttons by The Pussy Cat Dolls?" I asked him as I stood in the same place as before. "Yeah sure, anything for you Gorgeous" he said as he got closer the me and put his hands on my waist. I pushed him away and then Austin came onto the stage pretending to request a song.
"Hey are you requesting a song?" The DJ asked Austin. Austin stood right in front of him and he blocked me away from him but I was standing a little bit further away from Austin trying to go with the flow. "Yeah" Austin said walking closer to the DJ just so he could get close enough to punch him.
Austin punched him in the face and the DJ was knocked out on the ground. Thank God no one noticed, so we dragged him to the back of the stage and took him to the lounge and layed him down in the couch. Then we walked back to the stage.
"Hey, does anybody know how to DJ because the DJ that was just on the stage had to leave" Austin said on the microphone. "I do!" A guy yelled out in the crowd. "Great come up on stage please" Austin said. The guy came up on stage and put the headphones around him neck.
Austin turned off the microphone. "Play the song Buttons by The Pussy Cat Dolls" I said to the guy. I walked off the stage with Austin. "Come on let's dance and get a chair" I said to Riya as I grabbed a chair from one of the regular tables in the corner. "Ok" Riya said as she grabbed a chair.
We walked to the middle of the dance floor and placed the chairs. Then we went to the poles that where place towards the back of the club but next to the dance floor. Then he played the song and I started to off by squatting down while holding onto the pole.
I started to lip sing the song with Riya and we did what we did in dance for hip hop. "I'm a sexy mama. Who knows just how to get what I wanna. What I want to do is spring this on you. Back up all of the things that I told you" Riya lip sang as I stopped.
"You've been saying all the right things all night long. But I can't seem to get you over here to help take this off" I lip sang as Riya stopped lip singing. I took off my crop top and threw it at Austin so he can give it back to me later.
" Baby, can't you see? How these clothes are fitting on me. And the heat coming from this beat. I'm about to blow. I don't think you know. I'm telling you loosen up my buttons baby. But you keep fronting. Saying what you going do to me. But I ain't seen nothing" me and Riya lip sang.