
Gedwëy ignasia- Shinning Palm
Aì varden abr du Shur'tugals gata vanta.- A warden of riders lacks passage.
Aiedail- the morning star
Arget- silver
Argetlam- silver hand
Atra gülai un ilian tauthr ono un atra ono waìse skölir frá rauthr- let luck and happiness follow you and may you be shielded from misfortune.
Böetq istalri!- Broad fire!
Breoal- family; house
Brisingr- fire
Deloi moi!- earth, change!
Delois- a green-leafed plant with purple flowers
Domia abr wyrda- dominance of fate (book)
Dras- city
Draumr kópa- dream stare
Du grind huildr!- hold the gate!
"Du silbena Datia"- "the sighing mists" (a poem song)
Du súndavar freohr- death of shadows
Du vrangr gata- the wandering path
Du weldenvarden- the guarding forest
Edoc'sil- unconquerable
Eitha- go; leave
Eka aí fricai un Shur'tugal!- I am a rider and friend!
Ethgrí- invoke
Fethrblaka, eka weohnata néiat haina ono. Blaka eom iet lam.- bird, I will not harm you. Flap to my hand.
Garjzla- light
Gath un reisa du rakr!- unite and raise the mist!
Gëuloth du knífr!- dull the knife!
Helgrind- the gates of death
Iet- my (informal)
jierda- break; hit
Jierda theirra kalfis!- break their calves!
Manin! Wyrda! Hugin!- memory! Fate! Thought!
Moi stenr!- stone, change!
Nagz reisa!- blanket, rise!
Osthato chetowä- the morning safe
Pömnuria- my (formal)
Ristvak'baen- place if sorrow (barn- used here and in urû'baen, the capital of the empire- is always pronounced bane and is an expression of great sadness/grief)
Seithr- witch
Shur'tugal- dragon rider
Slytha- sleep
Stenr reisa!- raise stone!
Thrysta- thrust; compress
Thrysta deloi- compress the earth
Thverr stenr un atra eka hórna!- traverse stone and let me hear!
Togira ikonoka- the cripple who is whole
Tuatha du orothrim- tempering the fool's wisdom (level in riders' training)
Varden- the warders
Vöndr- a thin, straight stick
Waíse heill!- be healed!
Wiol pömnuria ilian- or my happiness
Wyrda- fate
Yawë- a bid of trust
Skulblaka, eka celöbra ono un mulabra ono un onr Shur'tugal nè haina. Atra nosu waíse fricai.- dragon, I honor you and mean you and your rider no harm. Let us be friends.