
Hey guys, so I just wanted to say that Ryder Edwards? Litterly my favorite name EVER! Don't ask me why, though
Ryder POV Hi my name is Ryder. I'm best friends with Annabeth Chase, too. Some of you may be asking, do you have a crush on her? But I don't-I have an amazing girlfriend that I love. Anyway, Annabeth is like a sister to me. I've known her for four years and was the only one who treated her normally after she disappeared for like a year or two. Even now nobody knows where she went. After all, nobody dares to.Back to the point. Since Annabeth is like the sister i never had, you can imagine what might have gone down when she told me she had a boyfriend..."WHAT! YOU HAVE A BOYFRIEND AND, EVEN THIUGH YOU'VE KNOWN ME FOR FIVE YEARS, YOU DIDNT THINK TO TELL ME! I SWEAR I WILL KILL HIM IF HE DARES TO HURT YOU!" Ya I admit. I'm a little protective of Annabeth. So when I found out he was also accused of blowing up a gym and being one wanted list when he was only 13, well let's just say I became popular on YouTube...
Anyways, today was the day that I was going to meet this guy. This morning, Annabeth came into school all happy and didn't punch a guy two times when he asked her out. She only punched him once! When Emily, my girlfriend, asked why she was acting all girlish-not that she was complaining- Annabeth said her boyfriend was coming to pick her up from school today. Immediately, I clenched my fists and tensed, but as soon as Emily kissed my cheek, I loosened up and unclenched my fists.
"Can we meet him?" I recalled asking
"Of course," she replied
The next periods passed by lazily, and I was so hyped up I felt like I was going to explode. Even in my favorite subject, English, I was too anxious to really pay attention to anything the teacher was saying.
But finally, the time had come to meet this boyfriend.
I was packing up my school bag when Emily came running up to me.
"Annabeth got a text from him. He's going to be here in 1 minute, so if you don't hurry up, you're not going to be able to meet him. Annabeth said that they have to be somewhere in half and hour."
At her statement, I rushed to put all my binders into my backpack. I slammed my locker shut, and ran outside, pulling Emily along with me. I jogged down the steps and went next to an eager looking Annabeth. Seconds later a green car pulled up. Don't ask what kind of car it was, 'cause I have no idea.
Next, a guy came out of the car. Looking at Annabeth's lit up expression, that was the famous Percy.
He had shaggy black hair that fell this way and that way, almost like it had a life of its own. He was wearing a orange t-Shirt and jeans, with a pair of sneakers to top it all of. Around his neck was the same necklace Annabeth always wore, Except it only had 6 beads on it, while Annabeths' had more.
But apparently that didn't matter, for when he emerged from the car a swarm a girls gathered around him as if he was honey and they were the bees. When they started flirting with him, he made a disgusted face and said, "Sorry, I have a girlfriend"
Okay, he's getting higher on my list.
Once he had escaped (by climbing on the roof of his car) he looked around, his eyes scanning the school grounds. They stopped when he locked eyes on Annabeth. Instantly, he jumped off the car and ran to meet Annebeth. He gave her what looked to be a bone crushing hug and then pulled her into a kiss.
When Annabeth pulled away from him she turned towards us.
"Percy these are my mor- excuse me, I meant, school  friends, Ryder," I saw him stiffen up as he looked at me "And his girlfriend Emily" he relaxed