
Part 2
Apollo: I will now recite a poem about how I own none of the characters in the following writing...t-
Everybody: STOP! NO! PLEASE!
Apollo: sheesh, somebody cranky today

Steven POV

It was a mess. Perfect!
Everybosy was running around the place like mad, trying to find the necklace. Annabeth latterly searched everywhere, from inside peoples bags to inside people hair. Weird, I know.
Suddenly there was a shout.
"I found it, I found it!"
Everybody rushed over to where they person stood. She pointed down into the pool where something shimmering lay.
"Who's going to get it?" I asked
When nobody volunteered Annabeth said, "I will"
before anyone could stop her she dove into the pool-just as Percy walked out.
"WHAT ANNABETH! WHAT HAPPENED! SOMEONE TELL ME NOW!" he shouted
One of Percy's friends walked up to him. "she dove in to get her necklace. It somehow ended up in the pool" he said
"And nobody stopped her? Wow," Percy replied and then widened his eyes in realization. Annabeth hadn't came up yet. He quickly dove into the pool and surfaced a minute later, carrying a wet Annabeth in his arms. He laid her down on the ground and did mouth to mouth. For a second nothing happened. Then she started coughing, spitting the pool water out of her lungs.
Once she was recovered enough to speak she tried getting out of Percy's arms.
"The necklace! I have to get it!" she screamed. When she reliezed she wasn't going to get out of Percy's firm grip, she started to sob. Percy turned to all of us that were watching the scene unfold and said one word... out.
We all turned towards the door and started walking out, except for me, who stayed and followed Percy and Annabeth down the hall hidden from their sight. I watched as Percy sat Annabeth down on the couch and then brought her head onto his lap. I watched as he whispered loving things to her and I watched as her tears went away. I watched as she slowly went to sleep and I watched as Percy put a blanket over her. I watched as he made his way onto the porch as dove into the pool and was holding to necklace as he crept out. They only thing confusing was that when he came out he was completely dry!
Soon enough I felt too guilty to hold it in any longer. I walked over to him while he was drying off the necklace and told him the cause of my actions and my movements. He listened to my story, his eyes becoming more disappointed in me till at last I was finished.
"please please forgive me," I begged" I let my jealousy get the better of me and I'm so sorry"
To my surprise, he forgave me.
"Now please leave my house"
I walked out the door, felling miserable and stupid and walked the 3 blocks to my house.
I just hope I'll find some as good as Annabeth

The end. I almost feel sorry for the guy. But good news! 2 new people have asked to be in my story, and I have already started on the first one, so if your lucky I might post another story today! <3 and by! :):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):))::):):):):):):):):)::)::):):)::):)::):):):):))::):)):
-daughter of Poseidon
