
Hi, this story was requested by @storm101lil. Also, I just wanted to let you know that my uploads might not be as frequent for I'm going on vacation for 10 days. Sorry, but I hope you enjoy it!
Disclaimer: I don't own anything or anyone in this story! Everything either belongs to @storm101lil or Rick!
Skyler Adams POV
Finally! We had won the war against Gaia at last! The romans were gathered with us at Camp Half-Blood around the campfire. It flamed higher then it had since we defeated Kronos, and it was a cheerful christmas-red with hilights of yellow and orange.
Oh, I should probably tell you who I am. My name is Skyler Adams and I'm a demigod at Camp Half-Blood. I'm a daughter of Athena and I have long honey-blond hair that compliments but subtle grey eyes. I am also proud to say that Percy and Annabeth are some of closest friends. And no, I don't have a crush on Percy. In fact, even though I'm a daughter of Athena, I totally ship them. Their soooo cute!
Back to the present. Chiron walked toward the front of the group and calmed everyone down. I know that everyone is very excited but we have one important person who wants to sing something to a very special person in his life. I saw as some of the Apollo kids stood up and grabbed some instruments. They sat down in the front but of to the side, so they wouldn't attract too much attention. They started playing one of the most popular favorite songs, Thinking Out Loud by Ed Sheeran (I don't own this song all rights go to Ed Sheeran
When your legs don't work like they used to before.
And I can't sweep you off  your feet.
Will your mouth still remember the taste of my love?
Will your eyes still smile from your cheeks?
Percy emerged from out of nowhere, holding a microphone and beads of nervous sweat forming on his forehead. I literary no idea he could sing so well. He could be part Apollo!
And darling I will be loving you till we're 70.
And baby my heart, could still fall as hard, at 23.
And I'm thinking 'bout how, people fall in love in mysterious ways.
Maybe just the touch of the hand. Me, I fall in love with you every single day.
And I just want to tell you I am,
By this time he had stopped in front of the crowd and was scanning the crowd for the special someone in his life- Annabeth.
So honey nowww!
Take me into your loving arms.
Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars,
Place your head on my beating heart.
I'm thinking out loud.
Maybe we found love right where we are
He had found Annabeth and was slowly, but surely, making his way over to her and skips to the end of the song.
Maybe we found love right where we are.
Maybe we found love right where we are.
He was standing in front of her, singing directly to her and looking her straight in the eyes. I had only seen Annabeth cry once, and that was a couple years ago. Now she had both her hands covering her mouth and tears spilled out of her eyes.
And we found love right where we are. (remember, all right go to Ed Sheeran)