
Ya i know... weird last name...

Carly's POV
Hey! My name is Carly and I am in love with my best friend.
I mean who couldn't be in love with him! He is so cut with his perfect green eyes and goofy trouble making smile and-
"Hello?! Anyone home?" I was brought back to reality with a familiar voice.
"Shut up Percy," I said and started to walk outside where my car was parked.
I was just about to ask him if Paul was picking him up, a beautiful girl came running up to us. She had perfect princess curls that fell down and cascaded down her back, like a waterfall of blond water. She had no makeup on yet still looked beautiful, and had a perfect tan, the one you could only get if you were outside all day. She was wearing a loose grey (gray) tank top and ripped jean shorts with a small owl ring on her right hand. ( no they are not married it is just a promise ring)
She went up to Percy and hugged him tightly. Then-
Wait. Did. She. Just. Hug. My. Percy! well, soon to be mine anyway.
"I missed you Seaweed Brain," the girl, i should find out her name, said
"Me too, Wisegirl," He replied
I walked up to them thinking. Maybe they were really close cousins?
The thought was quickly wiped away when, get this, she kissed him! How dare that pig stealing little porcupine take away MY future boyfriend.
I walked briskly up to them and pulled them apart.
"What the heck, Carly," he yelled softly, as to not attract attention.
"Why are you kissing her!" I screamed, glaring at girl with a fire in my eyes.
"Oh, idk, maybe because she's my girlfriend, Annabeth!" Percy replied.
I was taken aback by this. Percy always said he had a girlfriend when girls were asking him out, but the whole school thought it was just to let them down easily.
Unfortunately, I spent to long pondering this, for when I looked up, they were walking walking away, Percy's hand draped over her shoulder and Annabelle's arm around his waist.
I was just close enough to hear Percy say
"I'm sooooo much taller than you,"
Whatever it takes, I will have Percy all to my self. Mwahahahahah, *cough* * cough*

There is going to be a second part to this sometime soon. But for now, Love you and bye!!!!
-daughter of Posieden

