
Hey guys so this part of my story is going to be a little different. It's going to be a capture the flag game, greeks vs romans, and there is going to be some Percabeth,:), at the end of the story. There will also be a kinda jealous jason ;0 If you want me to make more of these comment down below.
Rachel: I do not own anything. *green smoke comes out of her mouth* You will get a new hat sometime in the future.

3rd person POV
This is it. The capture the flag game to save the world. NOT! It was a regular afternoon in camp Half-Blood until some random camper suggested a Capture the flag game- Greeks vs. Romans. The two sides were setting up who would be on which team until there were only two left. Percy and Jason.
"Percy, who's team are you going to be on?" said a son of Apollo. They only asked Percy because they knew that Percy was way more powerful then Jason. No offense to Jason, or anything.
"Ummm... I have to go with the Greeks," shouted Percy over the groans coming from the Roman side and the cheers coming from the greek side.
"I guess I'll go to the Roman side then, just to make it fair," said Jason, who was starting to walk over to their side. The Romans tried to keep a smile on their faces, but they all knew that the Greeks were going to win since they had Percy.
"All right everyone," said Chiron trotting up to the middle of both teams with Mr. D at his side, "The games will begin in 3...2...1...GO!"
Immediately, they two teas rushed off. They had the same plan. Jason/Percy would go after the flag while the Romans/Greeks defended.
Percy and Jason were both doing well. They slashed their way through the fighting crowd until the met at the middle of the battle field, unharmed, against each other.
CLASH! The sound of the two swords of the hero's stopped everyone in their tracks. What, they weren't going to miss this!?
"Friendly battle?" asked Percy
"Powers allowed" Growled back Jason, with a bit of an edge to his voice.
The two boys started on the ground, just battling sword on sword until Jason grew tired of the solid Earth. He floated up and screamed,
"Fight me up here, waterman"
Sure thing, blond superman" replied Percy. He created a small hurricane around him and rode it to the level of Jason.
It was close. Jason and Percy fought against each other, each using their powers to their advantages until the last moment, when both boys were growing restless. Percy used the disarming technique that Luke had taught him years ago, and threw Jason's sword to the ground. All the Romans were looking at awe at Percy, no one had ever disarmed Jason that easily. He was a powerful demigod after all.
The Greeks were just smirking.
Percy gently floated to the ground at walked casually up to the flag. He picked it up and went over to his side. The Greeks won!
Then something terrible yet magnificent happened. Jason struck Percy with lighting, the same amount of lightning he used to destroy Kronos's throne. Once the dust subsided, they saw Percy standing there staring at Jason. The Greeks had enough knowledge to know what happened next, thanks to Percy and Thalia fighting before they were the best of cousins. But the Romans, including Jason, had no clue what was about to happen.
Percy's normal, friendly sea-green eyes turned darker and more fierce and everybody took a step away from him, even those who couldn't sea (hehe get it?)  him well.