
Hey! So this was requested story was requested @pandaemi429. Hope you enjoy it!
Coach Hedge: I don't not own any characters mentioned in this story. All rights go to Rick, who made us! Now lets kill some things!
Emily POV
So, hi. My name is Emily Combes and I just found out that I'm a halfblood. I was walking with one od my sisters, who was giving me a tour of this place. My makeover was fading away, you know that every daughter of Aphrodite gets when she enters the camp? Oh,did I forget to mention, that I got claimed by Aphrodite? Oh well.
Anyways, I was getting walked around by this girl name Drew, who I already hate. She is such a girly-girl, where I'm a tomboy. But, I'm still hyper and love to read. We were passing by the Big House (I think that's what it's called,) when this amazing boy came into view. He was sword fighting with the girl I remembered as Clarisse from the Ares cabin. The fight lasted a couple of minutes before the boy disarmed Clarisse and held his sword to her neck. She frowned.
"I'm gonna get you one day, Prissy," She said.
Was that his name, Prissy?
"Ya right," Prissy laughed
Clarisse rolled her eyes and walked away, picking up her sword she left the arena
"Who is that," I asked Drew
"Percy Jackson, two time savor of Olympus and hottest boy at camp," She whispered back, making googly eyes at him
Percy picked up his water bottle and drank some of it, then splashed some of it on his face. Immediately, all the cuts on his face vanished at he seemed to be alive again.
"Son of Poseidon, right?" I asked
Drew nodded her head, indicating a yes.
Suddenly he turned around a spotted us. He somehow capped his sword and it turned into a ballpoint pen. How awesome is that!
As he made is way over to us, a girl came over to him. She had blond hair, and piercing grey eyes that seemed to watch your every move. She pecked his lips before saying something to him. He had a confused look on his face, until she said something again and then a look of realization appeared. The girl rolled her eyes before kissing him one more time on the lips. This kiss lasted only 10 seconds but it was long enough to know that they truly loved each other. My longing for Percy disappeared in seconds.
They pulled away and started walking different directions, the girl toward the Big House and Pery toward us. He smiled and took out his hand offering it to me.
"Hi, I'm Percy Jackson, Son of Poseidon," He introduced
"Hi, I'm Emily Combes, Daughter of Aphrodite," I replied
"I have to get going, but I know you'll like it here," He smiled again and walked the way the girl that had kissed him had went.
"Thanks for the tour Drew," I thanked
"Mhm," she murmured still looked at the back of Percy.
I shook my head and started walking away until I bumped into someone. He was skin was pale, but other than that, he was completely black. I recognized him as the son of Hades, Nico.
"Sorry," he said helping me up from where I had fallen
"It's okay," I replied, taking his hand. Sparks shot up my arm.
I think this might be the start of a new relationship.
Done! Hope you guys enjoyed it! Ok so once again, I want to thank you all for everything. I now have over 2,000 reads, and while it might seem like a small number, it means a lot to me. Thank you so much, and I hope your enjoying the story so far. Love and bya!:):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)
-Daughter of Poseidon