
Bob: Bob says a disclaimer! No own any characters! Stars!

Steven POV
Hi my name is Steven and I am one of Percy's 'friends'. I'll tell you why I put quotation marks around friends in just a minute. But first let my properly introduce myself.
My name is Steven Spencers and I'm 21. I attend to West Brook college (no idea if thats a real place) and am pretty smart. I am crazy hot if I may say so myself. Now, back to the first paragraph.
You see I don't actually like Percy. I'm using him to get to his super hot girlfriend that lives with him. How do I know this? A little thing called the internet.
Anyway my plan was and is to become great 'friends' (see get why the quotation marks are there?) with Percy and then one day, when me and my friends get to go over to Percy's Annabeth will see that I'm so much better than Percy and dump him to come to me. 	That day? This Saturday.
We were going over to Percy house, correction, MANSHION, for Percy's 22 birthday this Saturday and it was a pool party. Annabeth with soon be mine. Mwahahaha *cough* *cough* (hehehe)
Right now I'm walking towards Percy's front door. I knock and some guy opens the door. He has blond hair and blue eyes and kinda looks like superman.
He smiles and opens the door wider so I can come in.
"Hi I'm Percy's cousin Jason," He greets
"Nice to meet you," I reply though I don't really care
"Everybody is out on the porch, go right on out" he says and then walks away.
OK this is it. It's my time. I walk out onto the porch and spot Annabeth who sitting on the edge of the pool dipping her feet in the pool. Percy was sitting next to but suddenly stood up, kissed her cheek,and walked inside. This is the perfect opportunity. I walked over to her and sat down beside Annabeth, looking at the water.
"Hey Annabeth, so wanna ditch Percy and become my girlfriend?" I asked her
"Ew, no you freak!" she screamed. She got up and stormed away in the direction Percy went. Unfortunately for her she dropped the necklace she was wearing. I picked it up and looked it over. All it had was a design on the front and some weird writing on the back. I think it was Chinese or something. (wow you're stupid)
Suddenly I remembered what this necklace was. Percy had given it to her as a promise necklace. He said that he didn't want to give her a ring because it wouldn't fit what he wanted to write and it would look to much like the ring the controlled all of the other rings in Lord Of The Ring. An example of Percy being Percy right there for you folks.
Back on track. I had I plan to get Annabeth to be mine. I'd throw it into the pool which was twelve feet deep, so deep no one would be able to dive for it. Percy would get so mad that she lost it, he would break up with her, and she would come running into my arms.
With out a second thought I stood up and dropped the necklace.

Hey guys so this was part one. I'm really starting to hate this guy, are you?
Anyway 2 things. Firstly, I'll try to post this tomorrow or the day after but probably tomorrow cause my sisters birthday is on Sunday. Anyway, the 2nd thing is that I NEED ideas! I after this mini part series, i have 2 more ideas until I'm back to just doing the normal regular meet Percabeth stories that every one does. So please give me Ideas!! Lots of love by!!!!!!!!
:):):):)::):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):))::):):):):):):):):)::):):):):):):):):):)):):)::)):):):):):):)
-daughter of Posiedon
