
Grover: Disclaimer! I do not own any of the Percy jackson characters that are mentioned in this story. Including me! That sound weird. I want tin flavored Ice Cream. Juniper will you come with me to get tin flavored Ice cream?!
Juniper: Boys...
Carl POV
Hi my name is Carl and I'm the hottest guy at rabbit-carrot high school. I has windswept blond hair and baby blue eyes. And that makes sense, since I am a total babe. A have a tight jaw and am VERY muscular. I like to think that hot. Because I am. Not to be self obsessed, or anything
Anyways, I have a belief that girls were meant to serve guys on this world (ok i'm done. As a MAJOR MAJOR MAJOR feminist, I can't believe I actually wrote this.) I mean come on, guys are so much better girls in everything (ok that's it. *gathers a group of feminists* CHARGE!!!)
I have dated almost all the girls in our school except for one. Annabeth Chase, the hottest girl in our school. She has blond, princess curled hair and an hourglass figure. She is totally athletic while being totally smart. And in my mind, the hottest guy should go out with the hottest girl. Todays the day I ask her out.
-I'm a time skip eating some pasta dude-
I'm standing in the parking lot waiting for Annabeth, when this hot looking car with an even hotter looking guy pulls up. The car is a ________ that was sea green and hot perfectly black tires. It matched the guy that came out of it really well. He had sea-green eyes that looks like the sea at rest. He had shaggy black hair that looked like it hadn't been combed in years, and had very visible muscles. He was wearing an orange T-Shirt and skinny jean and was leaning against his car: it looked like he was waiting for someone.
Whatever, I thought, He is not getting my girlfriend.
As If on cue, Annabeth walked out of the building shouldering her backpack and reading a book. Once we started dating, she would have to stop reading. It's not good for the brain.
I was making my way over to her when she looked at the dude with the awesome car. He eyes lit up immediately and she called out "Seaweed Brain!"
Seaweed Brain? Seriously?
Anyway, she ran towards him and jumped in his awaiting arms and kissed him, full on the lips. I was fuming. Why!? Why does the universe hate me!? (I think I know why )
I started to walk up to them but they left before I could punch this guy in the nose. That would send him crying home to his mommy, ha.
Well, I gotta go, I see some hot chick over there. See-ya.
HI guys. So I just wanted to know, if anyone else hates this guy, comment below and type GIRLS RULE. Love you, and busies!
-Daughter Of Poseidon