
So one of you asked if I could do a follow-up on the last story about him. So it's going to be a 2nd part where they are at Starbucks. Hope you enjoy it!
Ryder's POV
So right now Emily and I are on our way to StarBucks to meet Percy and Annabeth, or Percabeth, as Emm calls it. To be honest, I ship them!
I mean Percy seams like a nice guy, and I can tell he really cares for Annabeth. The only thing i'm not to sure about, is why he has this scar on his arm. It looks like it was from a sword of something, but thats impossible.
Anyways, we were arriving at StarBucks now. I looked out into the mini sized parking lot and saw Percy's sick car. I have to ask where he got that, I can use an upgrade, from my rusty old thing.
We walked through the doors into the building and spotted Percabeth sitting at one of the tables. It looked like they were sharing a white chocolate mocha, from where I stood. ( white chocolate mocha is my favorite drink at Starbucks. Anyone with me?!) Emily and I quickly got in line and ordered a drink. With our simple Earl Grey tea, we headed over to Percy and Annabeth. As we sat down everybody was talking at once.
"Oh hey, how are you?"
"And the cupcake was like-"
"Dude did you see the game last Friday?"
"Well obviously,"
Everything became quiet, except for one of the four voices speaking.
"And so the cup quake said, 'Ya, I'll get in the microwave' and then the donkey came over and-"  Emily frowned. "I'm sorry I don't really know how to play this game.
We all burst into laughter, save Emily who just had a confused face on.
"You're so cute," I said pecking her lips
"Awwwwww," said Percy and Annabeth while Emily and I blushed and took a sip of our tea.
Percy leaned over and was about to sip from his and Annabeth's mocha, when Annabeth grabbed the cup from under his grasp and took it for herself. Percy pouted and crossed his arms, looking at her, not reliezing that we were watching everything that they were doing. When their little act was over Em and I got revenge.
"Awwww," we said in unison.
"Shut up," They  said in harmony
After a while, it was just regular talk. How have you been, what college are you planning to go to, how long have you been together. But then something kinda embarrassing happened to me and Percy. So the boys, and the girls were having separate conversations when these two boys came up. They were really buff and muscular, and you could tell immediately they were jocks. Unfortunately, Percy and I were so caught up in out discussion on basketball, we didn't know they were there. The first time, we did notice them is when they spoke.
"Hey, do you want to go out with us on a double date sometime," the taller one asked, glancing between Annabeth and Emily
"Ya," said the other one, nodding his head vigorously.
So fast we could've gotten a whiplash, Percy and I turned our heads to look at the two people. We waited to see what the girls would say, hoping that they would choose to say what we wanted them so desperately to say.
"Sorry, we have boyfriends," Emily said
Thank goodness.
"They don't have to know," said the taller one again. I think I'll call them Tal for the taller one and Ya for the shorter one.