
So guys this is a character that one of the lovely people reading my story came up with. Thanks to demon_hunter_23!
Chiron: I do not own any characters
River POV
Hi my name is River Star and I'm a demigod at Camp Half-Blood. I'm the daughter of Hades and love dancing,tennis, piano, bassoon, and writing. I also love reading, which gets my to be best friends with Annabeth. Since I"m best friends with Annabeth I'm also best friends with Percy. I've been friends with them since Percy came to camp. They were they only ones who treated me like family and didn't think of me as a weird Hades kid. This is the story of a misunderstanding and a song.
"Hey Percy, what's so important that you held you s for 5 seconds?
"Look, I've been writing a song for Annabeth and I need you to hear it (they are at the beach by the way)
He started walking around the beach looking at the ground.
He started singing Love Song.
"Ro-
"Percy? How could you cheat on me which her?" Annabeth said tears now flowing freely down her cheeks.
"No Annabeth let me explain," Percy tried to get closer to , her tried to hold he hand but she just shook her head and ran away.
Percy looked at me tears glistening in his eyes, threatening to come out. When the first one did, he turned and ran.
I knew it was up to me to fix this.
It didn't take long to find Annabeth. We had this spot in the woods that we'd always go when one of us were upset. Sometimes we also went with Thalia when she was visiting with the hunters.
When I reached the spot I sat down next to Annabeth and didn't say a word. it wasn't awkward, rather comforting.
"Why..why would you of all people do this to me?" She asked, choking on her words
"Annabeth you need to let me explain. Percy was singing me a song because he wanted my opinion, he didn't want to serenade me. That song? It was for you, and he was only practicing in front of me to make sure he didn't make a fool out of himself when he sang it to you"
"What? Are you serious" she said, bewildered
"Dead Serious" I replied
She looked up, eyes wide. "I have to fix this" she got up and ran, wiping her tears as she rushed to Percy's cabin.
I ran after her. What? I wasn't going to miss a major Percabeth moment was I! Annabeth got there before me. she threw open the door and stumbled inside, calling Percy's name. I followed after her but was a little more quiet.
I looked at Annabeth as she ran into Percy's awaiting arms and sobbed . He walked to the bed and sat down resting his head in the crooked of the neck. Though you couldn't heat him, I knew he was crying.
"I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm-". Annbeth muttered over and over again
"I love you" Percy cut her off
" I love you too" Annabeth replied
They shared a loving kiss and then pulled away and just stared in each other's eyes lovingly.
Aww I thought. Or at least I thought I thought. I think.
"River?" They said turning their heads toward me
" I'll just be going now..." I said awkwardly.
I walked to the Hades cabin.On my way there I bumped into a guy.
"Hey my name is Nick Aspen. Wanna walk together?"
Hey guys so that was my story. Thanks to @demon_hunter_23. Also, I just wanted to thank everyone who has read my story and given me incouraging comments. I hope you guys like it because I've been trying really hard to make it perfect for you guys. Thanks again, love, bye!! :):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)/):))::):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)
- daughter of Poseidon