
Thalia: I do not own any of the characters mentioned in this book. I hate barbies. Remember boys will break your heart so you should join the Hunters. Bye.

Scarlet POV

Hi I'm Scarlet and the newest member of the Aphrodite cabin. I have black hair and dark brown eyes, which gets me any boy I want. No seriously, I have never been rejected in my life.

Any ways, I was walking along the road to the Big House, when I bumped into a MAJOR hottie. He had raven black messy hair and sparking sea green eyes. He looked kinda familiar, but I immediately turned into my attractive mode.

"Hey babe. You, me, saturday night, your place. K? K. K! I was walking back when he called out

"Actually I have a girlfriend. So by."

I was furious. Surely the  girl couldn't be as cute as me? She must be from the Athena cabin. Seriously those girls need a makeover. Enraged and dripping with fury, I decided to follow him. He made his way to the beach without ever noticing me. They he walked along the beach until he reached a spot under a tree and sat down, closing his eyes. I was just about to walk back to my cabin-there was nothing to see there- when a beautiful blond came running up behind him. She must have been from the Apollo cabin or the Athene cabin, because she was definatly not my sister.

Anyways, she ran up to him, slowing her pace to a walk as she neared him. She sat down beside him and her head in his lap and also closed her eyes.

Suddenly, I remember why they looked familiar. They were the famous couple known as Percabeth.

Damn right they are. So if you try to break them up, I was disown you as a daughter and make your love life a misery. It took me 3 freekin years to get them together and they are going to stay that way.

Immediately I knew I was not going to mess with them. I mean, Aphrodite, told me not to!

When I recovered from my shock, l looked back up and saw Percy and Annabeth running towards the water and then diving in. I crept onto the beach a little farther to see them passionately kissing each other in some kind of bubble. They were an image of true love.

Another chapter complete. Sorry it took so long, I was really busy. Sorry again and bye! :):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)):)):):):):):)::):):):):):):))::))::):)):):):
-Daughter of Poseidon
