
Elenas pov
"The school year is gonna suck Bonnie." I say as get into Bonnie's car with my bookbag
She rolls her eyes and drives off to school.
This year was going to be hard for me. My parents passed away may 23rd. They drowned after they drove off the wickory bridge. I was in that car. I hate myself for making it out and leaving them behind. Bonnie always tells my it isn't my fault. Everyone gives me pity. It would be a little easier if my little brother Jeremy didn't despise me to the point where he moved away with my grandparents over the summer. He doesn't text. Or call. It kills me. It should've been me. It was my fault, they're were coming to pick me up from a party I wasn't supposed to be at.
When I get to school I will have to face Matt. My ex boyfriend. He still loves me and I don't know what to do. I just can't deal with him too. And I never really loved him like that. Yeah sure, in a best friend kind of way. We only started to date because we thought we Owed it to ourselves to just try it. And I didn't stop right away because his sister died two weeks into our relationship. She overdosed. He was a wreck. I couldn't help but pity him. Kinda how people pity me.
"Elena!"
"Yes Bonnie?" I asked snapping away from my thoughts
"We are here!" She squealed
I huffed and grabbed my bag as I open the car door. She grabbed my arm
"Elena, make friends, fall in love, start cheering again, please make this year a good one for you."
"Bonnie it's not gonna happen." I said with sympathy in my voice
"Yes it will. I can feel it. My witch powers sense it." She said smiling
Oh? Did I forget to mention, Bonnie is a Bennett witch. She comes from Salem witches. She found out a few years ago when her grams told her and showed her the witch life. It's a big transition but I'm not gonna ditch her because of this. I'm not gonna pity her.
I smiled back at her as we walked into school.
On our way in we passes Caroline Forbes, ex bestfriend.
She's just too much drama. She lost any real friend she had last summer. Right around the time I lost my parents. She called me a depressed wreck hole. She hit her mom in public, and her moms the sheriff. So she got arrested by her mother. Of course she was released but she wasn't forgiven. It's just to hard to forget.
I walk to my locker and Bonnie has her locker across from mine so we prepare ourselves for our first class. As we walk to AP English I accidentally run slam into a very handsome student. He looks our age. He smiles and asks if I'm Okay
"Yeah I'm fine. I'm just such a clutz." I say laughing
"Don't worry about it. I'm Stefan Salvatore." He says holding out his hand
I looked into his eyes and saw something. Soul. Heart. Love. It looked so beautiful behind his sea green eyes. I also saw adventure. Mystery. Curiosity. And even a little danger. A good danger. A kind of danger you wanted to get lost in.
I took his hand and shook it.
"I'm Elena."
And in that moment, everything was different.