
This story was requested by India108. Hope you enjoy it!
Grover POV
Hey, my name is Grover and I'm a saytr at Camp Half Blood. A few days ago, I helped a kid named Percy come into camp. We don't know who his godly parent is, but after spending those past couple years with him, I believe he is either Zeus or Poseidon. Which means he was most likely the great Prophecy.
I had woken up in the infirmary day ago and was still waiting for Percy to wake up. We, excuse me he, had just fought the Minator and won. How crazy is that!? Wait, Percy's waking up. I saw Annabeth, daughter of Athena, walking up to him.
"You drool when you sleep," she said
Without meaning to, I timed into their emotions.
Annabeth was feeling annoyed, confused, and slightly amazed. But under all of that, there was something else. Something deeper than just liking someone. Something she hadn't even figured out yet.
Percy had the same feeling. Under confused, anxious, and worried there was something he was yet to discover.
After I had said my hellos to Percy and explained what was going on to him I went to the Big House. I spoke with Chiron there.
"Chiron, I was just with Percy and Annabeth. I accidentally tuned into there emotions and found something that hasn't happened since Helen of Troy.
I whispered it to him.
I didn't have to use my sense to know what he was feeling. Amazed, at how close they would come to be, worried, in case it got in the way of the war, and happiness, for them. I was feeling the exact same way.
Now we would just have to wait and see.
----(O . O)-----
-Time skip till after the war-
I was ecstatic. We had just won the war against the Titans, and Pan had given me his power.
I was walking along the beach when i heard voices. In a panic I hid behind a bush and crawled my way over to the where we dine. There were Percy and Annabeth sitting on the bench. next to them was a blue cake that looked like it was made out of cement or metal.
Percy and Annabeth, or Percabeth as the Aphrodite cabin calls them, were talking when they stopped all of a sudden. They nth leaned in and Annabeth kissed him! Awww!! I knew it! That day when I listened to their emotions, I had found something incredible, something stronger than even Aphrodite herself couldn't pull of with a new dress...
LOVE.
Hey my pups! This was Grovers story, and I really hope you enjoy it. Sorry I didn't update for a day, I was at my friends house for a sleepover and didn't have any time to write. See you guys later, bye! :):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)::):):)::):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)
-Daughter Of Poseidon
