
I love this group so freaking much!!!!! . I wasn't a directioner from day one I first heard about one d from one of my friend who loved zayn so I checked them out at that time the video  watched was what makes you beautiful . The first person I notice and liked a little was harry and then I saw zayn I thought they both were cute! But I didn't like zayn I thought he was way too cute!!. After getting over what make you beautiful I forgotted about one d . Then one day I was on YouTube and I typed in the name then I started listening live while we're young and I started liking them again !!!  But after I got over that I forgot them again! Until this guy in my class Bluetooth steal my girl to my phone and I started listening I thought the song was sooooo amazing!!!!. I download the whole FOUR album and I liked every song then I download midnight memories album them take me home then up all night . I liked all the songs on every album!!! So then I felt hard for one direction but mostly I felt hard for the cute little Irish blond boy. I honestly don't remember how I felt so hard for niall!!!. I think everyone loves Niall I mean who can't love him he's just so sweet and cute and funny and irish and did I say Irish!!!!! OMG is accent is to die for like ashvskaokdgvakl!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I love nialls voice he sounds like an angel when he sings. I like the fact that Niall is single haha it makes me feel like I have a chance even though I know I don't have one. Niall girls have it easier than the rest harry girls' have to worry about his girlfriends  or Larry !.Louis girls have to worry about eleanour or LarryLiam girls have to worry about his girlfriend Sophia (I don't remember if that's her name )Zayn girls have alot to deal with now like Zayn leaving the band will soon be married etc.Niall girls we have nothing to worry about we get excited when our baby grow chest hair lmao!!!.
NB : For me Zayn will always be apart of One direction I love and support him if he wanted to leave its his decision we should respect it. Check out is Solo song I won't mind its pretty sweet.Keep Breezy!!! Love ya ~ Jeneilia XXX