
I hate self harm more than anything in this dumb ass world.  I never knew what self harm was until demi was in rehab for it and other stuff and thats when I started to research about it and it was just really scary because the cuts that I saw were really deep and blood was just pouring out them and I thought what could anyone has done so badly that makes someone else wants to cut him/her own self. I found it to be really weird cause if I just slide and get a bruise I wanna cry but these people literally go for a razor and bring pain to there self because they think there 'ugly' or 'fat' (a word that should not be use to describe living beings) or 'good for nothing' but thats all wrong and stupid because no matter how 'ugly' you think you are there's always something extremely beautiful about someone. To all those people who have eating disorders and think there "Fat" that isn't even a word well actually it is but it shouldn't be a word use to describe human beings and No matter how "fat" someone think they are you will always be beautiful to me always and that's a fact. Its easy for someone to easily lose confidence in him/her self and think that they aren't good enough but everyone is good enough no matter what always believe your good enough cause you are and if someone says your not good enough for them then screw them and move on cause you will find someone who isn't a dumb ass and knows how your more than good enough and how lucky they are to have you.  Im always the that one girl that has the really soft heart and hate when anyone get hurts and to see someone actually bring pain to there self just hurts me like crazy every living soul deserve to be happy no one should be sad and depress. I don't know if anyone actually reads this book but if you do and you self harm‚have eating disorder or whatever it is I just wanna let you know I love you I care and I'll always be here for you message me if you wanna talk I'll listen and i'll care. If you can please cut one less tonight please it isn't worth cutting your self it doesn't help please stop okay? I love you and your beautiful!!!! :).
~Jeneilia Xxx