
So I'm gonna talk about what I think about Zayn leaving One D.
The first time I heard all the roumours about him cheating on Perrie I taught Zayn was just gonna leave the tour and be back with the guys right after the tour was over at least but then all of sudden I heard everyone saying Zayns leaving One D and I was like no he's just leaving the tour cause he needs a break and for his health and stuff but then he changed One D from out is name and it was just Zayn Malik and I was like anbsjakndhbab and then it all just came crashing down he shave his hair then started making music with that dude naughty boy and then he dissed Louis . Zayn let down his fans really badly ( So glad Im a niall girl all though I still felt it for u Mrs. Maliks) and he kinda left us all confuse cause like how could u say u wanna leave the band to be a normal guy but then as you leave you start making an album!!!!!!! . When Zayn dissed Louis I was sooooo shock I taught the were best friends!!!! And he didn't have to diss Louis he could have just stayed out of the convosation if he didn't want to pick sides. The hashstag cut for Zayn was one of the most saddest way i saw the fandom dealt with Zayn leaving and its just totally not worth it!!!! Why ruin your beautiful wrist for something as stupid as Zayn leaving I know he means a lot to you but guys its isn't the end of the freaking world Zayns not dieing and he's making an album for y'all he even got a song out tryna explain the shits going on to ya through it its call won't mind go check it out if you want . Zayn isn't an asshole as much I know he seems like one with all the stuffs he's been doing I don't know why he did those stuff and we the fans will probably never know the full truth but those of us whp are still here and didnt leave him all we can do is love and support him.
NB:  One D is still amazing with are without Zayn and for those that hate Zayn and wanna feel better think of it this way more solos for the other guys. I love you stay strong XXX ~Jeneilia