
Hey to whoever read this. So today I decide I wanna talk about um my flaws so yeah that's dumb why would someone wanna talk about there flaws but I wanna talk about mine I prefer I talk about em than u to tell me about em I hate when people tell me my flaws cause I'm like dahh I know I'm well aware of my shitty ways but anyways here there are ( There will only be a few not all of em )
1. I'm clingy. I'm clingy as hell this is so bad ugh I can't stand my clingy ass self
2. I get jealous real easy. My jealously problem is ah really bad but I just want to know someone is mines and mines only.
3. I'm a bit childish. Yeah I am like an 8 yr old but this isn't really a flaw for me cause I love being childish with certain things like I love how I can laugh at any and everything and I do pinky promises a lot and I kinda take those real seriously like I just believe if u make a promise u should own up to it.
4. Im always the one who love more. Ugh this is one of my most hated flaw cause nothing hurts as much as a heart break that doesn't break even cause one person love more harder and deeper. I think I'm always the person that loves more after the break up I'm always the one that can't eat can't sleep cry my eyes out and have horrible moody days.
5. I keep my heart on lock down. Its a bad trait cause sometimes i lock out people who could make me actually fall in love but idc I don't wanna get hurt I can't deal with the pain plus my heart has a lot of broken parts that I still havent put together. Anyone who knows me know that if u get in my heart then your pretty damn special because Jeneilia doesn't let people in Jeneilia loves too damn hard and only people who deserves her love gets in.
6. Im kinda stuck up or uptight. Idk but I guess there's just some principles I carry along with me throughout life like how to respect my body and to not let anyone but my future husband touch it or if I don't get married I'll probably die a virtuous woman because having sex before marriage is fornication and that's wrong before God and I just don't wanna disobey plus it can lead to a lot of things like teenage pregnancy or getting diseases etc so kids stay on the safe side don't do it or wait still your older.
7. I don't like showing emotions. I do show emotions but only to people I really love other wise I'm stone cold because I don't wanna be seen as weak because that's something I'm not weak I'm a lot stronger than people think trust me on that.
8. I'm really shy. I think that's why I'm 13 and still haven't have my first kiss cause every time my ex tried i'd move or idk make up and escuse so he dont cause I'm afraid and shy. I think Im gonna be a weird kisser lol :*.
9. I'm really scary when I get angry. I have heard this from a lot of people and I know it myself cause I can literally feel my self shaking and I will kill when im angry. My eyes are brown but everyone tells me that when I angry they go pitch black and if I'm fighting u when I'm angry I'll squeeze or punch the life out of u so that's why I dont fight often cause the last time I fought I bend the desk with the boy's head haha he never messed with me since :) .
10. I'm too picky. Yeah ugh this is bad like I'm picky with everything I'm picky with who I love I'm picky with what I eat I'm picky with what I wear I'm picky with every damn thing idk why but ugh its annoying .
There you go 10 of my flaws. Thanks for reading whom ever you are I love you love you lots Like jelly tots :).  ~ Jeneilia Xxx