
Hey my name is Jeneilia . How ya doing?? I'm okay . This book is gonna be on the most random stuff. I'll start by telling you guys 15 facts about me.1. I'm Jamaican and I live in Jamaica its very beautiful here you should come visit! 2. I have 3 sisters a small and older one.3. I love one direction!! Niall is my babe!! :)4. I love music !!!! Like every genre long as it is good.5. Me and all my sisters have a spot on our leg at the exact place! I know it creeps me out lol.6. I have short fingers . I can't write with a pen and not mark up my fingers and they look funny one of the times I showed my friend my middle finger and she taught I was showing her my pinky lmao!!!.7. I love reading but I suck at writing so I don't even know why I'm writing this book but I felt to and so I did 8. I hate when people use words the don't understand I mean yeah everyone must have did it at least once but the annoying part is when u take it to a next level its like you know you don't know the meaning of the word but u go as far as to post a message to everyone on Facebook like omg what!!??? I understand if you say it to one person but please don't put that where the whole world can see . My friend once posted on Facebook this message he said "i rather kill myself than do suicide" killing yourself its the same as suicide !!!!! .9. I was born in August pretty cool I was born during summer which means I don't have to worry about going school on my birthday I always hated that thought.10. I only ever had one boyfriend lmao he wasn't even a boyfriend we were more like best friends acting smoochy.11. I'm a christian . Yeah so do forgive me f I slip and type something bad and you could address me about it in the comment section or DM me whatever you want.12. I once patched out half of my eyebrows!!!. The worsted thing about it was that I had graduation like the next week and one of my friend laughed when she saw it and was like there never growing back yeah she said that smh!.13. I have devil brows if you dont know what that is its when the hair in the middle of your brow go up and the rest go down straight . So there pretty weird!!!. I shaved once it but it just grew back so I left it to just have its way.14. I love food!!!!! I mean who doesn't"!!! I love all food as long as it taste good. 15. I'm 13 going to 14 but I'm 8 years old at heart!! . This is because I don't wanna grow up and 8 is the best age ever your not too small and not too big it is just such a perfect age!!!!.
Thanks for reading if anyone ever read this. Im not doing this book for reads im doing it because I want to have a book where I can write whatever whenever lmao so if you do bump in this story and wanna give it a try then thanks! Love ya ~ Jeneilia XXX