
I do not have a boyfriend haha because i dont know I just suck I guess and I'm that type that wants forever and not a short ass petty relationship. I've only had one boyfriend ever and he wasn't even really one we were just young and dumb. I dont know how I would react to a new boyfriend now I know I'd be awful though lol like I'd be so clingy and annoying but I could guarantee him that no one will love him as much as I would. I would really take care of him and just always make sure he's alright and I'm not hard to please the little things are really sweet to me I don't want him to spend money on me or anything like that I just want his full attention and love.
My type of boy:I want a good boy a bad boy is a huge turn off for me like being a jerk isn't attractive.
I want a boy that takes time to know me and know when I'm sad and needs him the most without me having to tell him.
I love when a boy is a gentle man like if your gentleman then u win with me without even trying that's just a huge turn on for me.
I like when a boy can remain loyal and let other girls know that your his one and only.
My weakness in boys:1) My number 1 weakness are boys who wear beanies!!!! lmaooo I know its dumb but to me its just really hot but I don't like it when they wear there beanie and make it cover there forehead and ears I like when they wear it a little pull back on there head so u can see their hair.
2)My number two weakness is if he can sing. If he can sing then hands down I'm marrying you lol.
3) My number three weakness is if hes that type that loves to talk and have a deep conversation like about us or about I don't know just anything as long as we're having a real good conversation.
What I would like my boyfriend to wear: I would love if my boyfriend wore a blue and black plad shirt with baggy black jeans and a blue beanie. That would be sooooo damn hot for me yeah I know its simple but its also so hot and not too flashy.
What can a boy do to make you fall inlove: Um I think he just basically has to love me for who I am ‚ appreciate me‚ treat me like I'm supposed to be treated and stay loyal.
Things I would hate my boyfriend to do (if I had one lmao) :1) I would hate it if he stops paying attention to me.
2) I would hate if he cheats like that would kill me I would kill him first though.
3) I would hate if he choose games and those stuff over me.
So yeah that's some of the stuff I want in a boyfriend lol as y'all can see I'm very picky but Im worth loving I'll love you back more than you can ever imagine yeah lol I have a really big soft heart. I love you whoever reads this :) ~Jeneilia Xxx