
ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO RICK (NOT A TROLL) RIORDAN! All I own is the plot. That's it. Enjoy!
~Nico~
She's dead!? I couldn't believe it. My great friend; Reyna Avila Ramirez-Arellano, praetor of Camp Jupiter, daughter of the Roman war goddess Bellona, is dead.
Well, not exactly. Her quest-mates claimed she just got lost. Like she disappeared into thin air in their quest. But still, I couldn't believe it... She's a tough fighter; she could have made it out alive. But; she disappeared.
Will Solace; my best friend/my secret crush (I didn't tell him yet) must have known how I felt, so he gave me a tight hug in the ceremony of Reyna's loss in the mess hall.
~Will~
I hugged Nico; simply just to make him feel better. Not a sign to say I like him that way too; because the truth is: I. Don't.
Please, I'm an expert doctor. I can sometimes make people feel better; well of course I do physically, but this time, emotionally. That I can tell that he likes me that much. Well, I only think of him as a brother. I just stick around with him because I pity him. He's a poor kid; always alone.
Actually; I too was sad because of Reyna's disappearance; even if I barely know her. Because I have a secret goal: To get Nico with Reyna. Sure, that's Aphrodite's job; but can Nico handle the loud, annoying squeals of her daughters? Nope. So I guess I'll have to deal with it.
I want to get Nico to be with Reyna because I want him to know what is love. Him with me isn't really love. It's brotherhood. And Reyna is the closest girl to him other than Hazel. They went on a whole quest together! And that's how Percabeth started too. So I think they will work out.
~Nico~
The ceremony was just a solemn, ceremony. Some legionnaires, even campers told messages about her. And the Greeks also made a shroud for her.
"We would like to call on Reyna's best Greek friend to say a message to her. Nico di Angelo." Jason suddenly said on the mic after he said his message.
I walked to the stage reluctantly, picked up the mic, and said something: "Well, Reyna was like a sister to me. She was one of the only people in the world who understood me. She understood me even better than my own father. A person like her will be very difficult to find. I will miss her." I was about to walk back to my seat when a realization hit me. I never saw her getting judged. So I picked up the mic again and said "And, she isn't dead."
The whole camp went berserk on the news. Most are joyful, many are still complaining on how to find her. Then people started to yell "QUEST! QUEST! QUEST! QUEST! QUEST!"
Okay, campers, legionnaires, calm down." Chiron and Frank, the other praetor said to calm the camp down. They did.
"We shall issue a quest to find Praetor Reyna soon. But there's still no prophecy." Chiron announced.
We all looked at Rachel expectantly. But no green mist was coming out.
"Let's just continue the ceremony."
After the ceremony, many campers and legionnaires rushed to their cabins to pack their bags; expecting them to go on the quest. Then suddenly, all the rushing stopped when we saw a weird sight. All the water in the canoe lake floating in midair. Percy tried to bring it down; but he failed. That's weird. Who's doing that? Well, maybe we shall find out tomorrow when hopefully, the prophecy comes...