
(Your P.O.V)"But mum! Why!" I say angrily, "I don't want to move, i have all my friends here! In California!" "(y/n), I don't want to move any more than you do, but my boss insisted that we move there." Mum answered, then continued before I could get a chance to retort, "anyway (y/n) your 15 years old, stop making a fuss."
I couldn't argue, at least I could keep 1 thing, and that was my music, I completely adoured 'Black Veil Brides' they would just remove reality, "Your boss can go to hell." I muttered under my breathe just low enough that mum couldn't hear. "Go up and finish packing we're leaving tomorrow morning, at 5 am remember!" Mum called after me as I stomped upstairs.
I didn't need to pack much just my phone charger, my phone which is a Samsung 5s and my makeup bag (with just a few essentials the rest was in my suitcase.)
The next morning I was in the car with my earphones in of course, because I didn't want mum to try to talk to me so early. As we drove away from my house, my home for the last time I had to fight to stop myself crying.
I had to tell my best friend that I've known since forever, Jess, that I was moving that was a very sad day for both of we hugged and cried for, well, a while. At least we could stay in touch with social media.
Once we got to the airport, I had to take my earphones out. I reluctantly stuffed them into my bag. Security took forever as per usual. While I went to the bathroom to freshen up before the 4 and a half hour flight ahead of me, my mum went to get coffees as we were an hour early for the flight. I didn't see why we hadn't left at 6, it would've given me an hour worth of sleep more.
Of couse i had to put my earphones in as soon as sat down beside the window of the plane mum sighed and said, "Can't you have two minutes without those in?" You shake your head and look out the window ready for take off...
Hello everyone, this is the first chapter of my first ever book, I may only be able to update on weekends but we'll see. And don't worry Chandler's coming soon . Love you's