
I want to see the life in them and how the ocean went their to rest with the night sky. I had to see the twinkle of the stars in them. I wanted to see his smile again and I wanted to hear his voice. I especially wanted to feel his lips on mine. I waved my hand slightly to cast the spell on humans so they would be frozen in time.
I waved my other hand right after to make the light, blue sky darken to the darkest purple I had ever seen. If you didn't look exactly right at the sky, it would look black. Before I could take the next step into the spell, a voice stopped me.
"What are you doing?" I looked up from the dirt of the grave only to see Cameron's ghost leaning on his gravestone, giving off a white, soggy like glow.
"I-I'm bring-bringing yo-you back." I stuttered, still surprised that he was right their.
It was my second time seeing him after his death, of course I was going to be surprised.
"I miss you Willow, I really do but it doesn't sound like a good idea to do this. I mean, you have seen it in the movies, zombies." He said making his voice all dramatic.
I shuddered at the thought of my boyfriend with no eyes and blood soaked clothes.
"I have to Cameron, I love you." I said soft, close to a whisper.
I didn't think I could do it but I clenched my hands into a fist and he blew away with the day time breeze. I didn't know I could send ghost away but as I thought about it, I didn't know a lot of things about myself and who I was ever since I had changed. I never thought I would send Cameron away when I barley saw him but I did it because I have hope that I can bring him back. I started to chant in a low voice, making the ground shake and the wind blow faster. I suddenly raised both of my hands to the air with a white ball of energy balancing on them.
I spread my hands quickly like a lion's jaw snapping shut. The ball of energy levitated quickly up into the sky until it reached one of the clouds. It burst sending sparks out that melted through whatever it hit. The black sky turned white and I felt a tap on my shoulder. As soon as I turned around I was hit in the back of the head by something.
The last thing I saw before closing my eyes was Cameron's face leaning over me.
"You shouldn't have brought me back Willow."
Hey Guys! So did that come as a surprise? Please comment a vote! Prepare for the next chapter!!!! Also, I decided to put the characters in this chapter again so you can remember and recognize their names.
The little girl: Maggie LockDescription: Maggie was murdered by her step father. When she comes back as a ghost, she decides to choose evil and get revenge on her step dad. She haunted him for years until he finally committed suicide and then going to Hell.
The Clown: Marven CashDescription: Marven has to be a normal father with his three kids and a wife. One day he dresses up as a clown for his daughter's birthday and ends up killing his whole family hallucinating that they were people trying to kill him. He then ate them right after not having any side affects and his soul turns black.
The Shadow Figure: Jasper FarenDescription: was raised in an insane asylum not sleeping or eating, making his eyes red. His room buddy stabbed him repeatedly because he thought that Jasper was going to kill him first. Ever since that day, his room buddy has been rocking back and forth on his bed whispering "I should have let him live." Over and over. Jasper was capable of showing others hallucinations and that is what he did to his asylum buddy.
Lizard Creature: Jared MarkDescription: Was the daring scientists out of his group and volunteered to be experimented on. They were trying to test if they could turn humans into animals and decided to go with the lizard. He then turned into a lizard like creature, killing his whole group after and running off to kill anything that he sees.