
Chapter 1It was like any other day, no tears have fallen ever since Cameron's ghost visited. I've finally started to talk to my friends again and they actually forgive the fact that I rejected and ignored them for months. It's close to the end of the year and that's a great feeling. Just to know it will be summer soon. But then sometimes I have those days when I start to remember all those times me and Cameron had and when I tell Valery about it, she says that it's good to remember the nice times you guys have had.
The tears still fall on those days because I miss him all the time and it's hard to walk without him. He was my first love and I will never forget him. I visit his grave everyday, putting fresh flowers in font of his gravestone and taking the old ones. I always talk to him even though he doesn't respond. Sometimes I feel so bad that I read thousands of books about bringing the dead back because I killed the boy I loved and I want to fix it all.
I have read some of the same books multiple times before and for some reason, it never bothered me. Aiden would always tell me that is was dangerous to play with spells that related to bringing the dead back. What else am I supposed to do, let Cameron's body get used to not moving under ground? I didn't know if he was in heaven or hell or even in between right now. All I knew was that my boyfriend was dead and that I have a chance to bring him back but my demons tell me it's to risky.
My problem is that they always avoid the question I ask them all the time. What's so risky about bringing him back? They would never answer back, they would always give an excuse and run off or act like they didn't hear me. I didn't care this time, I am going to bring him back and no one will stop me.
Lera's POVFor some reason I feel like something is missing, like a memory that I was always supposed to remember was finally taken from me. I didn't understand. That thought had been stuck in my head for months.
Just wondering what I had forgotten. I just had a strange feeling that it was a bad memory, a memory I didn't want to remember but I was curious to find out. I was finally done with my homework, so I decided to eat a quick dinner and take a shower. This time, my hair wasn't in a shower cap, so that meant I could wash my hair with my favorite shampoo and conditioner. As I looked down at the shower floor letting the water rinse my hair, I saw what seemed to look like a flash back in movies but it was actually happening in reality.
The border screen was whitened with a bright kind of fog that was frozen before it could spread more across the screen. I suddenly heard screams and cries. It sounded so familiar, I knew those screams but I couldn't quite lay a finger on it. Then I saw myself in my car, about to put the keys in but I wasn't moving. I was stuck in that position for some reason.
Then I saw the world around my body crumble and I crumbled with it. I still heard the screams and cries from what had to be a girl. I didn't understand any of it until I got a little piece of something in my "flash back".
I heard a name being shouted in those screams and cries. It took me a lot to listen in but finally I got what was clearly said.
Cameron. I jerked my head and found myself staring at the floor of the shower and had to wash my hair quickly before the water turned cold. Who knew how long I had been in their. I didn't care though, I was too busy thinking about what my thoughts had shown me. Hopefully, I would get more pieces to the puzzle to figure out what I had forgotten.
Willow's POVI stood in front of his grave, staring at the flowers I had put their two days ago. As much as it hurt to see him like this, I couldn't let my feelings take over my fate. I had to bring him back, I had to feel his presence when I was at school. I had to feel his arms around me and his eyes. His eyes... I need to see them again.