
I stopped. I was in the school corridor. I just stopped. Like a trail of dominoes, I stopped, then Hanna, then Spencer, then Emily.
"Woah. Aria? What's up?" Spencer asked.
I kind of just stood there for a minute and gazed into the emptiness of the rest of the corridor. Then it hit me.
My period was late.
"You guys go on without me," I said.
"What's up?" Emily asked.
"Nothing, I just, uh, need to go see Ezra about something." I told her.
Emily nodded and smiled, then ran to catch up with the other girls. I went to wait round the back of school for Ezra, we couldn't meet inside of school because that would be suspicious since he doesn't work there anymore. While I waited for him I dreamed about that night. How it began. How it ended. How he held me in his arms, how he gently he kissed my neck. How I'd felt so fragile in his delicate arms. As I slowly drifted into my memory of that night, I heard a voice. A voice that I recognised. A soft but strong voice. It was Ezra.
"Aria?! Aria! What are you doing?" He laughed.
"I was waiting for you, and maybe daydreaming" I said, laughing. I put my arms around his neck and kissed him.
"Hey, hey, whatever happened to being subtle aha," He pulled away hesitantly, I could tell he didn't want to.
"Come on, lets go." I said and giggled.
"I actually have a meeting with my boss about some stuff at Hollis, so I can't, sorry. But I'll text you later, okay?"
He looked at me with his dreamy eyes, I knew that he wanted to come with me. I walked home from school on my own still thinking about the fact my period was late. I didn't want to be pregnant, what if I was? What would I say to my parents? The girls? How would I tell Ezra? I got so deep into thought that I wasn't looking where I was going, I had bumped into Emily and she had tripped over my feet.
"Oh my god, Emily, I'm so sorry, that was my fault." I said as I kneeled down to help her up.
"It's okay honestly." She said, brushing herself off.
"I didn't hurt your shoulder or anything, did I? Oh, I'm so sorry."
"No, it's fine really. What's the matter? You seem really shaky and today, you seemed really quiet?"
"Just been hit by reality, really hard."
"What happened?! Was it -A?"
"No,"
I looked down at my shoes and then looked back up. "Even if I am pregnant, the girls are gonna find out eventually, it will be pretty hard to hide a gigantic stomach with a baby growing inside it." I thought to myself. I looked at Emily.
"I, um, I...my period is late." I said, as a tear escaped my eye. "I think I might be pregnant."