
I was tired of my stressed lifestyle. All I did was work, work, work. There was no sex life for me. I honestly can't remember the last time I had any type of sexual contact with someone.
"Tessa I'm leaving for the night, the bathtub is calling my name." I say while putting up my apron.
"Alright girl I'll see you tomorrow." She waved me off as I grabbed my things and left.On my way to my apartment, I started to think about nonexistent sex life.
"God I need a good release." I whispered to myself upon making it into my apartment. I dropped my bag and climbed out of my shoes, leaving a trail of clothing down the hall to my bathroom. Standing there in a bra and panties, I started to fill the tub with water. Extracting the oils and the soaps into the tub until it was filled with bubbles.
I sigh as I stand up to remove my underwear set. I climb in one foot at a time and sink into the water. I moan at the feel of the water engulfing my body and soothing my sore muscles.
I closed my eyes completely enjoying the tense muscles letting loose. The moment my lids closed, I slid my hand down the length of my stomach to my sex. Suddenly a man appeared in my view, he was in the tub with me watching me through hooded eyes. What shocked me was the fact that I didn't stop the rubbing in between my legs. I watched as he dove under the water, disappearing into the sea of bubbles.
I felt as he removed my hand and replaced it with something warmer than the water. His tongue. I didn't try to stop him, it felt to good. He lifted my legs onto his well defined shoulders, and I reached down, fisting his hair in my hands. Just the thought of how erotic this was had me on the edge of tipping over. I felt to warm digits slide into me and a vibration over my pearl. "Ah.."I moaned aloud.
While his fingers kept at work He etched his lips up my stomach, to my chest. His other hand massaged my breast while his mouth assaulted the other. It was too much for me to handle, and resulting in me releasing all over his fingers. He retracted his fingers and lifted his head, looking dead in my eyes, he slid fingers into his mouth.
"Delightful." He said and I felt myself drench again at the sound of his voice and the brightness of his yellow eyes. I moaned involuntarily.
"You like that don't you?" He began to kiss on my neck, his body now hovering over mine. I felt his manhood poking me in the thigh. "Yes." I said breathlessly. He picked up my legs and placed them around his waist, never allowing his mouth to move away from my neck.
He leaned me back as I felt him place himself at my entrance. I threw my head back hissing at the slight pain of him entering.
"Fuck, you're so tight." He groaned pushing all the way in. He pulled out slowly and slammed back in.
"Had to break that barrier baby." He grunted doing the same movements over and over. I could feel my legs wobbling trying to hold onto his waist, as he pounded into me mercilessly.
"Cum for me Carrisa." He whispered into my ear and that took me over the edge. Arching as I released myself and he shortly after. I felt as his hot seed coated my womb and him extract himself from me.
"Open your eyes love." He whispered into my ear. I opened my eyes and saw that nothing looked out of the ordinary. What? It felt so real. I climbed out of the tub and went to grab a towel, but stopped short when I came face to face with the mirror. I saw him standing behind me looking at me with those yellow eyes. I gasped and blinked, and once again he was...gone.
I checked my body and indeed there was a sign that he was there. I had hickies all over my neck and chest, but what really confirmed it was the white substance leaking from my sex. It made absolutely no sense to me at all. I quickly dried off and decided that I would continue my search tomorrow. I dressed in my laced red underwear set and climbed in bed. A faint whisper was heard before I fell into a deep abyss...
Until next time Carrisa....❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤Thanks for reading luvs!
This is my first' we'd based book and I hope I did a good enough job. I'm not really experienced in THAT department, but I try.
If you want to see some of these shots continued, please comment and let me know and I will be glad to take it into consideration.
VoteComment Follow Share ✨✨✨✨