
•••Carter Winston•••
My name has a lot if power.
My name could end your life. Crush your dreams. Make life and death decisions for you. It could take your arm off, it could take away your home. It could take your money, which makes you use a loan.
Anything can happen, as long as you use my name.
And don't mistake that comment for me being a good person. Because I am quite the opposite.
I possess every single quality that no one desires. I am arrogant, cold, emotionless, conceited... Anything along those lines.
Despite this, I am an absolute genius when it comes to marketing. Being the CEO of my own company, it's unavoidable. I'm good at what I do. So much so that I put people to shame and all I have to do is sign my initials on a document and it will change someone's life forever.
I picked up my cell phone, along with the keys to my Masarati. I stuffed the remaining 100$ bills of cash on the counter from the other day into my wallet and looked at my amazingly stunning face in the mirror.
When I finished, I put on my suit jacket and headed out the door.
•••Dominic Hillwither•••
"Yo, Dom." A voice cracked. I opened my eyes to see a face entirely too close to mine, which also happened to be casting shadows above my face.
I put my arm over my face and rolled over slightly while I groaned. "What do you want... Buddy, it that you?"
The face smiled a smile that I assumed was supposed to be bright and reassuring but turned out to be terrifying. His stale breath wafted toward my face as he croaked, "Rise n' shine, Sleepin' Beauty."
I groaned again, shielding my face from his pungent morning breath. "Fine... Move first."
Since he did as I requested, I sat up just as he requested in order to return the favor. The sunshine was not yet existent, but I knew  it would soon be. The river beneath the bridge was still and dirty as it always was. I tried to stand up, and I shuffled rocks around along the way.
My unkept hair sprawled in all directions. I was laying on a thin piece of cloth that shielded me from the dirt on the ground. I was wearing a faded T-Shirt and beat-up jeans with rips and tears. Most people think I'm a punk or a hipster, but I'm just extremely poor.
"What time is it?" I called.
Buddy looked at the sky and based the time off the lighting. "I would say it's about 4ish."
"Awe yeah, nice." I cheered to myself as I ran toward my motor bike. I picked up my helmet from the handle, out it on my head, and strapped it on in order to protect it. I turned on the bike and heard the engine rev to life.
"Oh- Hey Dom!"
I turned to Buddy. "Yeah? What's up?" I saw him running toward me with an object in his hands.
He held it out for me to grab. "You almost forgot this."
I chuckled. "Oh my gosh! How could I forget?" I grabbed it from him. "I guess I was a bit too eager for going on a ride this morning!"
Buddy laughed. "I guess so. Come back safe!"
"Will do!" I replied. I revved the engine back on again and threw on what I had just received from Buddy-The thing that defined me as a person, citizen, human being, whatever you want to call it.
I love knowing that this world was mine and mine only for a just few hours, because that's all I need in my life. Riding aimlessly gives me time to forget how cruel and self-centered this world is. If I know that I can be myself and receive no judgement when I wake up every day, I don't seem as broken as I really am.