
I finished laughing and looked at him with a smile on my face. "The fear of dying is what keeps me alive!" I yelled passionately while my arms made large yet subconscious gestures. "The sound of the engine gives me the will to breathe! The wheels compel me to just ride! The steam just beckons 'Come aboard'!" I laughed again and the repair dude gave me the exact same look.
"I don't think you understand, as long as I'm riding that motorcycle, I don't care how shitty my life is, because that piece of metal in your hands is what makes me not want to kill myself." I explained.
He sighed again. "You always guilt me into filling the tank, don't you?"
I smiled. "Don't be guilty. I'm going to pay you back. This next race is going to pay a lot, and a little birdie told me that Carson is the only other decent person in the race."
"Hah! Carson?!" He laughed. "You're so much better! Why is he even racing?"
"He thinks he's me rival when, in reality, he's actually my student." I smiled.
The repair man smirked. "Someone's getting a bit cocky."
I held up my finger. "Confidence. The word you're looking for is confidence."
He laughed. "As long as your confidence pays me then I don't mind."
"Oh, trust me." I said. "I'm never going to be or be around one of those men who are just cocky about everything. They always bother me, and I wouldn't be able to stand them for even a half a second."
The man shrugged. "Hey, the world throws you surprises sometimes."
"Well, let's hope for someone not that extreme."
•••Carter Winston•••
"Motorcycling?" I asked.
"Yes." One of my workers proposed. "For the men's department, we thought that maybe a bit more of a rebellious section in the mall would attract more male teenagers to shop in our store."
It's actually not a bad idea. It's just that it's a pain in the ass to deal with.
I slammed the papers in my hand onto the desk and demanded, "I support this plan completely, but I do not want to be involved. Find a way to let me stay here in this office."
"B-but... sir... he has requested to meet you..."
"Well, reject him. He can talk to someone else."
I saw the shy worker point at the papers on my desk. "S-sir...? CEO, sir?"
I clicked my tongue and hit the desk. "What is it now?"
"T-the papers you just signed..."
I looked at him for a moment before scrambling through the papers. Sure enough, I just initialed a document to confirm my meeting with the motorcycle race director, which will be while a race takes place.
I sighed and rubbed my head. Wow... My initials really can change anyone's day...