
I put on my leather jacket and took off into my own world.
•••Carter Winston•••
"You're late, Mr. Winston." The Vice President growled.
I sighed while I set my bag down on my chair at my desk. "As I tell you every morning, I see no large upcoming expenditures and no decreases in sales for the past... Oh, I don't know, 6 years? Ever since I've taken over the company, pretty much."
I could feel him glaring at me when I looked down on my desk and shrugged my shoulders. "I don't know what that means to you, but to me I would think that maybe the CEO of his own company might know what hell he's doing." I nonchalantly explained while I avoided making eye contact with him by shuffling papers on my desk.
"And as I've always said..." He started while I smirked a little. "That is no excuse for you being late to work."
I kept the smirk on my face. "There's nothing for me to work on." I sat down in my twirling chair and turned to him with a smile plastered on my face. I threw my hands in the air. "I just have to wait for the cash to roll in."
He cringed when he heard that. "I can't believe someone as arrogant as you is sitting in that chair..." He mumbled to himself while he walked out of my office.
I laughed. "When you're born a genius, a leader, and with a shit ton of confidence, it's only natural that you sit in this chair." I said to myself.
Who needs love, nourishment, or care? I have money. Something that a lot of people have, but not something people have a lot of.
I've never understood the whole 'You can't buy happiness' type deal. You can, actually. I'm pretty sure if I handed you 3,000$ right here, right now, you would be pretty damn happy.
Common people seem to follow a certain theme... Whenever they know they are unable to gain a significant amount of something to satisfy their needs, say, something like, money, they come up with stupid phrases like that. Like "Nobody's perfect" or something. I'm going to tell you who's perfect, one of the men you are reading about right now because he is smart, quirky, handsome, irreplaceable, and absolutely amazing.
That man is me. I'm fucking perfect, bitches.
•••Dominic Hillwither•••
I began to run low on gas to I rode over to the auto repair shop for my bike to get it refilled.
The repair man clicked his tongue. "I can't fill the tank up until you pay for last time."
"I swear, you just need to fill it up this time and I will earn the money and pay you back."
He sighed. "I swear, your job is so messed up. One week you be livin' like a queen and the next you be usin' yo momma's underwear for a blanket."
I laughed. "Ouch, man. Don't bring my mother into this!"
He chuckled a little bit. "Point is that you need a stable job, not one that could potentially kill you."
I laughed again.
"Why are ya laughin'? I'm serious here!"
I continued to laugh until I went red in the face and was able to talk again. "I know, I know..." I choked out while I continued laughing.
I could feel him getting madder with every breath I made. "Why you laughin' then?"