
Lily Potter rushed around the house, picking up stray socks and old plates. She had only been gone for half the day to ask if Molly Pre- Sorry, Weasley, was able to bring her kids over and to talk with James and Lily today. But of course, the boys destroyed the house.
"Harry! Come down here and pick up these toys!" She yelled up to Harry, nicely since he was in a stage.
Eight year old Harry walked down the stairs in a red sports jacket, blue jeans, grey tee shirt, and red chucks. He walked up behind his mum and hugged her.
"Okay mum!" He said cheerfully, scooping a bunch of Legos into his hands and dropping them into a box. He continued to do this until everything was clean.
He looked up into his mother's green eyes and she smiled at him. "Good, Harry! Why don't we go and get something to eat?" She asked, eyes aflame with happiness that made Harry feel proud of himself. He nodded and ran into the kitchen, standing by the stove and waiting for his mum.
"What do you want to eat?" Lily said smiling and looking down at her son. "Noodles, chicken, soup, PB&J?" She asked, he threw his arms into the air.
"PB&J!" He giggled. She laughed at her son and grabbed the bread out of the cabinet along with strawberry jelly and peanut butter.
As she prepared the two sandwiches, she looked over at Harry who was joyously sitting on a bar stool. "We have guests over today, the Weasley family" She said, sliding the plate with his sandwich over to him. He caught it and took a huge bite, rubbing his stomach.
"Wummey" He said with his mouth full. Lily laughed and sat down beside him at the bar.
"Now, they have a lot of kids, more than you have played with ever before." She said, raising her eyebrows at Harry to reinforce that she was serious. "They have four children coming with them, two of their oldest at school and the other one, Billy, is out working." She said with a smile. Lily was the only one Bill let call him Billy. Not even his mother. Though that may be because of the respect he had for her and James because of beating the prophecy, and also 'defeating Voldemort' even though they just took the limelight away from Harry until he is old enough to decide for himself. They didn't want him mobbed with reporters, but they were the fearsome Auror and the hot tempered mother, so they were left alone by the smart people. That didn't guarantee that people wouldn't come trying to get an interview or picture, but it had softened over the years.
"Wow!" He smiled, after swallowing his bite of sandwich. Lily laughed at his expression.
"Yeah" She laughed. "You have to share. Be nice" She said, giving him a stern look. He giggled and nodded.
She picked up her plate as he took another bite of his food. She set to washing it, as she liked to do things by hand, and chatting with Harry. She poured herself a cup of tea
"Now, where's your dad?" She asked, turning to face Harry, and taking a sip from the tea. James was off work today, hanging with the Mauraders, minus Peter Petigrew, and catching up on some much needed outdoor time. He really had hated it when they were forced into hiding. A crash sounded and Lily was thrown back.
Flashback"Come on Lily Flower! One more hour! Please?" James begged, cuddling Harry and making bubbles appear from his wand for the little boy to try and catch.
"It's Harry's bedtime James" Lily sighed as she walked over to where James and Harry were laying. Harry reached a chubby hand out to her and she took it. He had just learned to shake hands and was quite taken with it. "We have to get up early tomorrow. It's one of the only days we get company, Order meetings may be boring for you but it's helping keep Harry safe" She whispered into James' ear, making him shudder.