
Grayson's fists tightened as his knuckles turned white. He knew to hold back from fighting because of the major news that was just thrown at his parents. You felt so guilty knowing that this was partially your fault. His future was robbed from him by you, and he wasn't even carrying the child.
"(Y/N), you can just forget about scholarships, a social life, and any true future because from now on you'll be known as the little slut who got herself pregnant," he snickered.
Out of the corner of your eyes you saw Grayson's mother's jaw drop astounded that her husband would ever say that to one of his grandchildren's parents.  His last comment was too much for Grayson and pushed him over the edge. Grayson sprang out of his seat and punched his father square in the jaw.
"DON'T YOU EVER CALL (Y/N) A SLUT OR THINK ABOUT BLAMING THIS ALL ON HER. IT TAKES TWO PEOPLE TO HAVE A BABY, AND SHE MOST DEFINITELY COULD NOT GET PREGNANT BY HERSELF," Grayson huffed before wrapping his hand around your arm pulling you out of the room.
"Where are we going?" you questioned as Grayson led you to the side door and out to the red Jeep in the driveway. He pulled out his keys and unlocked the doors making sure you safely got in there. Grayson got in the other side and just started driving. You didn't bother to ask him anything because you knew he needed to cool down a bit.
After driving for 20 minutes, Grayson finally pulled over on the side of the road. He pushed his hands through his hair releasing an exasperated sigh. Then he looked over at you and down at your belly. He reached over the center console and placed both of them on your belly.
"I know that you won't have the easiest life growing up and may not have the most supportive people around you at all times but understand that your mommy and I will do everything we can to give you the life you deserve," he whispered while rubbing small circles on your stomach.
You saw his eyes watering and gently cupped his face in your hands.
"Grayson, our baby will have nothing to worry about with you as a father. You don't need to worry about anyone else's opinion at all because we have each other, and in nine months, there will be three of us. We will fight for ourselves and do absolutely everything we can. I promise you that you will not lose anything, and you can do everything just as you'd be able to without a baby. Okay?" you asked him making sure he knew that you were going to support him just as much as he was going to support you.
He simply nodded his head before bringing you in for a long passionate kiss that would be remembered forever.