
There in your hand were the four sticks that changed your future forever. You were astounded by the fact that this could ever happen, but you learned to deal with the fact that it was true; you were pregnant with Grayson Dolan's child. You were on the pill just incase there ever was a mishap with the condom, but somehow mistakes can still happen.
Grayson was in the shower prepping himself before you two go downstairs to tell his parents. You took another test right before you went down, so you could prove to his parents that it was real in case they wanted to blow it off like a prank because let's face it you knew that Grayson would do something like that.
You heard the alarm on his phone go off and the click of the lock. The knob turned and out came Grayson twirling the little white stick between his fingers. He let out a long sigh as he sat down on the bed next to you.
"I'm sorry," you whispered looking down at the word 'pregnant'.
Grayson's arms immediately wrapped around your waist cradling you.
"No, babe, this is not your fault at all. There's no one to blame for this happening. We are both equally responsible about this. Now I think we better head downstairs instead of keeping my parents waiting," he said before placing a chaste kiss on your forehead and rubbing your arms.
You lightly nodded your head and brought yourself to your feet heading over to the door with Grayson. He grabbed your hand and you tightly squeezed it as you made your way downstairs and into the family room where you saw his parents sitting on one of the couches. Grayson sat down and you followed sitting as close to him as possible.
"Mom, Dad, understand that we weren't expecting this but we are taking all responsibility of whatever will happen to us and that we hope you can support us as much as you can," Grayson started already causing a sense of panic and worry to surge through his parents. You knew that they could probably figure out what was going on.
"Well, sweetie, just tell us what's wrong and we'll try to help you to the beset of our abilities," Mrs. Dolan sweetly consoled.
Grayson wrapped both of his hands around yours like a present before looking into your eyes and then back to his parents and saying, "(Y/N)'s pregnant."
Disbelief flooded his parents' minds. Their eyebrows furrowed in confusion. A deafening silence filled the room. You were struggling in your seat trying to figure out what to do feeling bad that Grayson has done the talking.
"I don't get it, Gray. I talked to you about this and the different forms of birth control. You knew that you had to wear a condom no matter what," his father retorted.
"I know, Da-," Grayson started until you cut him off.
"Mr. Dolan, we always made sure to use protection even though I'm already on the pill. We knew how to be safe and took every precaution, and we're just as confused as you are as to how this happened," you softly explained earning reassuring circles being made on your lower back by Grayson.
"Well, (Y/N), did you go to the doctor yet to make sure that this wasn't a false test?" his mother asked you kindly not wanting to upset the possible mother of her grandchild.
"Yes, I made sure to go before I even told Grayson and with the various tests I've taken, it wouldn't even be necessary to go to a doctor for reassurance," you said trying to stay as calm as possible.
"Well, I don't even know what to say to you two anymore," Mr. Dolan started. He slowly rose from his seat before continuing saying, "Grayson, you can forget about getting any sort of scholarship for college because you won't be able to play any sports now that you had to throw a baby into the equation."