
"No! I'm going to sleep all day tomorrow then I won't be able to come to the meeting" He grumbled like a three year old.
"Then you're on baby duty" Lily said, taking Harry into her arms. He shook his head quickly.
"I'll go to the meeting" He said, caving in and tossing his wand onto the table.
"Good. Now, both of you to bed" She scolded, handing Harry to James and pointing up the staircase. He grumbled, making her chuckle and start on her way to the kitchen.
Bang Bang Bang
James worriedly at the door, glancing at Lily who was just behind him now.
BOOM
The whole house shook as the door flew off its hinges.
"Take Harry and run! It's him!" James shouted, shoving Harry into Lilys arms and pushing her to the stairs.
"James! I can't leave you!" She shouted back, but as the figure grew closer, she ran for it. She was fully aware that that was most likely the last time she's see James, but she kept on going up the stairs.
She slammed the door shut, her heart hammering in her ears, not from exhaustion, but terror for her son and her husband. She placed Harry in his cot and started pushing the wardrobe over the threshold of the door.
Thump
She paused for one second, already knowing what had happened. James had fallen, and she hoped he'd just been stunned. But only one second did she stop pushing. She used her remaining strength to push the cabinet into space and panted, the cabinet or wardrobe was full of baby clothes, toys, and blankets, making it very heavy.
She grabbed some diapers, fully aware of Harry crying to her left. Every second of that sound made her heart break a little more.
She shoved the diapers into his bag and went to pick him up, but a spell hit the armoire and made it fall, causing her instincts to kick in as she threw herself in front of Harry. A few pieces of wood scraped her face and she could feel the blood trickle down her cheek.
The man in front of her was horrifying, his eyes were taking on a red color, and his skin was pale as sheets. His eyes seemed to be glistening with excitement and his cheek bones stood to a sharp edge. He would've been handsome, if he wasn't trying to kill them.
"Move out of the way" He ordered, raising his wand.
"No! Not Harry! Take me! Take me instead!" She pleaded, tears running down her face.
"I said move away!" He shouted. "foolish girl"
And the world went black