
Flashback:
"I love you but I thought you'd be happy for me James! This is a really huge opportunity for me and you know this!"Before I could say something else, he grabs my face and takes my lips in between his. I drop my hands to my side and feel my body melt slowly as he wraps his arms around my small body. His lips never leave but when they do, he grabs me by my waist and touched our bodies together. "I am proud of you and I'm more than glad for you! Just give me some time to adjust to it all! I feel like I'm losing you again baby! Forgive me, please?" He looks at me with those eyes; those hazel-green eyes. I bite my lip and lower my head to his chest. He takes my chin and lifts my face to peck me once again. "You never answered me sweetheart. Do you forgive me?" He stares harder. I nod and he just looks at me harder and bites his lip. "Great because I can't have you mad at me and you're going away. I love you girl."
*Flashback over*"Jordan! Hurry up in there!"I'm Jordan, I'm a junior at Watkin's Arts University. I have one younger brother, Jay. My boyfriend, James, is out of school. He's 21 and I'm 19. I'm Dominican-African American and he's Irish and Cherokee Indian. We're your average interracial couple. People say we look like Barbie and Ken. Not sure if that's a compliment or not but we take it. Lol."JORDAN! C'mon girl! I gotta peeeee!" My friend Madison was beating on the door to our dorm room. I opened the door in lingerie."Damn girl! Stop teasing and put some clothes on!" She squealed with a gaping mouth. Madison's a brunette with blonde ombré on her tips, tan skin and a pair of big, green eyes.I turn around and flash my bum. She squeals more and throws my clothes to me. I smirk and bend over to get them. "Whatever girl! You know you like this!" I laugh, squeezing my bum. She bursts out laughing and walks past me. "In your dreams JoJo!" She says back with her toothbrush in her mouth. "Thought you had to pee?" I laugh. She shrugs and says "I lied! I had to make you open the door SOME way!"