
"When will this person take me? What's their name?"
"His name is Rubeus Hagrid, he works as groundskeeper at the school. He will arrive around July Thirty-First with another boy who, like you, has never been to Diagon Ally before. Believe me, you will be in good hands and be ready for beginning of term, which starts on the first of September."
"So you are positive I have a spot at your school? I will stay there all year long?"
"Yes, you have been on our list since your birth. You will not stay all year long though, you will return here to the orphanage on Summer Holiday, and Christmas Break if you wish to do so." He smiled at me, almost as if to ask me if I had anymore questions. "If that's it, then I must be off. I have very important business to attend to dear, so if you'll excuse me I shall see you on the First of September."
I stood as to signal his dismissal, and properly thanked him for his kindness in letting me attend his school.
As soon as he exited, I watched him walk down the street through my window. He suddenly turned to where I was looking and gave me a slight wink before twisting on his heel and disappearing with a loud crack.
I laid down on my bed, ignoring the constant knocks on my door, signaling my presence was needed for dinner. I wasn't hungry, and with the news I was given today, I don't think I'll ever have an appetite again. I am a witch. I am attending a magical school. I will have a wand.
This is a lot of information for one day, and I cannot help but worry over it as I try to fall asleep. However, my anxiety over the meeting triggers the butterflies in my stomach to fly wild, which prevents me any sleep at all.
[A U T H O R S    N O T E]
i swear to god that this gets so much better. i am terrible with opening chapters, as you could probably tell. it gets so much better so please stick with me here
i am going to try to stay true to the original order of events, original characters, and things like this. i see in many HP fanfics that the authors usually make crazy new characters or events that i personally do not see as necessary, they are fantastic fanfics, its just I'm not for all that. i might make at least 1 new character in the series, but they are rarely mentioned.
there will be a few plot changes. because of evianna and her interactions with oc's many details will be different, but overall i think it won't turn out so bad.
also, do you like Rose as her middle name? it is very irrelevant, but i thought that if it was Merope then it would be too cliche. Also, do you like Anna or Eva as her nickname better. I can't decide.
thanks loves XX