
"Why do I have a hard time believing you?" She looked down on me, making me feel weak and small. This only made me puff my chest out even more, for I was not weak; I was strong, and I would not let this old lady treat me otherwise.
"You never believe me," I stared at her defiantly.
"Because whenever there's an odd problem, you are always the one the other children blame."
"How is that my fault?"
"Just-- just go to your room. Now you beast of a child!" She yelled, looking rather flustered as she pointed down the hall.
I returned to my room, and slammed the door behind me without touching it. I could do many things this way, it was an ability I discovered a few years back. It allowed me to hang Liam by his shoes, and push Charlane down the slide when she refused to go.
My abilities stretched further than moving things; I could talk to snakes and manipulate things, I could also hurt them if they defied me. Nobody knew of the things I could do, the only one's who knew I was different were my victims and the ones who saw me talk to snakes in the garden.
All the other children thought I was weird and strange; I knew I was special. The girls would all make jokes of me, and torment me as though I was an animal. The boys would throw dirt my way, or make sure that a bucket of water was placed on a doorway just right so that it would fall on my head. They'd tell me all the time that Animals need to be washed, and they were only helping me out because I was a beast. Incapable of love or friendship, always needing to be cleansed of fleas.
In many ways, I began to believe them. I was confined in my room most days, almost like a dog locked in a cage. What made it worse is that I had no excuse to leave. Unlike some of the other children, I have no family to find, for all mine is dead. I suppose even if they were still alive, I would never find them. Whenever I bring up the subject to Mrs. Darby she always tries to change the subject immediately.
For the first few years since I found out what this place I lived in really stood for, this bothered me immensely. I would continue to pound on the normal 'orphan' questions about my birth family every second I could. Every time I would bring it up, I always had a small glimmer of hope that this time would be different, that my whole backstory would come flowing out somehow. It never did. I was always left with the same small reply and question about how my schooling was going. Since then, I've learned to not bring it up or else face and utter disappointment.
I was forced to stay in my room for about two weeks after the incident, only let out when it was meal times or I needed to use the bathroom. I was also given a privilege day on my birthday, where I was allowed to play with the other children. However once July 14th was over, it was back into my cell.
Most of the time I would sit down and read a few things, or work on my special ability by summoning pens and parchment from my desk across the room. This grew boring after a while, so then I would just sleep.
One day, a Thursday I believe, there was a knock at my door. I suddenly slammed my book closed and slid it onto the side-table, almost knocking over the glass of water that already occupied the small surface. I began to stand up, almost as though I was a prisoner awaiting my daily room search.
"Come in," I said wearily, as the doorknob began to turn slowly. As the door widened, I was greeted with the sight of a old man. He was quite tall, and had on a strange outfit. His long white beard hung freely down the front of his body, and his face had many lines and creases on it. However, these creases did not make him look old and stern, like it did on many of the doctors that have been hired to see me, it gave him a friendly and happy appearance, which put me at ease a little bit.