
It was a day like every other at the Saint Andrews Orphanage in the middle of London. It was summer break, and all the children played their little games throughout the building and out in the courtyard.
The lady who ran the home, Mrs. Alice Darby sat in her boring office, sorting through the same old boring papers that were to enroll each child for their upcoming year's lessons. It was always the same, never changing.
The orphanage hadn't seen a new child in many years, and at times it seemed as though it would never see another. It wasn't like it was a bad thing. In fact, Mrs. Darby had grown fond of having all her children be above age four, this way she did not have as much of a hassle everyday. She also did not have to spend money on diapers or other things for the young ones; at the moment all she had to worry about was getting the children on the bus to and from schooling, and to make sure they didn't harm themselves. All in all, it was a very easy job.
Mrs. Darby had just finished the final touches of her last child's school papers when the chimes at the front door began to ring at a quite rapid pace. Obviously whomever was there, was in desperate need of service.
Mrs. Darby burst up from her chair, and walked at an extremely fast rate to the door to answer whoever needed her. She pulled out her small keys from the back pocket of her long, grey skirt and proceeded to unlock and pull open the door. To her surprise, no one was around. This didn't stop the chimes from their constant noise making.
Mrs. Darby continued to look around for someone who could've been ringing her bells, yet she could not find anyone. She then looked toward the ground and found a child. The child was wrapped up neatly in a white blanket, and laid inside a tiny basket.
She looked at the poor baby, and picked her up in her carrier. Mrs. Darby, being very cautious, brought the child in and set her down on the coffee table in the front room. As soon as the child was placed there, the chiming came to an abrupt stop.
However, she did not notice this, for her attention was still allocated on the child. She spotted a letter that was tucked in the corner of the basket and proceeded to grab hold of it, quickly ripping open the seal. After unfolding it, she began to read the words that were written in an elegant scroll.
Mrs. Alice Darby
The Lobby
1972 Brighton Lane
London, England
Dear Mrs. Darby,
I am sorry I could not deliver Evianna to you personally, for I had extremely important business to attend to. I desperately hope that she will not be a burden, though I doubt she will be; You do run an orphanage after all. The child I have left in your care is named Evianna Rose Riddle, born July 14, 1980. She is very special, and in many ways dangerous. Please watch over her with great care. In fact, it is my wish that you treat her as if she were your own child. Good Luck.
Yours, A.P.W.B.D
Mrs. Darby then looked to the child again, taking in her appearance. She was quite a beautiful baby. She scanned the child's face, becoming entranced in her dark brown eyes, only snapping out of it when she spotted a gleam coming from an emblem on the blanket. She traced the small, green snake with her fingers, and soon decided to take Evianna to an empty bedroom so she could drift off into a peaceful sleep.
___________________________
E V I A N N A
"I didn't do it!" I screamed back at Mrs. Darby. She should know quite well that I didn't hang Liam Cross by his loafers on the ceiling, for it is quite impossible for a young 10 year old girl to lift a 13 year old boy that high. Though, in reality I did do it, she didn't need to know that, though.