
When Jake reached home, he was still thinking about the text from the mystery girl. Did she mean it? Was she joking, or was she actually serious? But he didn't even know her. Why wouldn't she just tell him who she was? He was thinking about it way too much, that he didn't even notice a certain blonde in front of him. That was until he bumped into her, making her drop her big glass of lemonade on the floor. The glass fell on the floor breaking into little pieces.
"Shit," he cursed.
"Move back," she ordered Jake.
"No, you move back." Jake fought back.
"Look I'm not in the freaking mood to fight like a 5 year old right now. So please, for God's sake move back." He had barely seen Abrielle get serious like that, so he quickly moved back. Why was she so angry?
She bent down and started picking up pieces of glass with her bare hands. He moved forward, in attempt to stop her from doing that. He shook his head and moved back. Why did he care?
"Ah shit," she hissed, holding her hand. Jake quickly walked to her, holding her small hand in his large one. She tried to pull back, but he held her hand.
"Look, I hate you as much as you hate me, but right now, you're hurt and I'm a human. I have to help." He told her. He could see in her eyes how tired she was. They were dull. They didn't sparkle anymore. Just like his own eyes.
He bandaged her hand, and let her go. She put on gloves and continued her work. It was in that particular moment, watching Abrielle pick the broken pieces up, that he realized he was just like the broken glass scattered on the floor.

——- ——- ——-

Sender: Anonymous
To: Jake
I'd probably still adore you with your arms around my neck, killing me.
Sent at 6:57 pm
Sender: Jake
To: Anonymous
Please tell me who you are??
Sent at 7:13 pm
Sender: Anonymous
To: Jake
I know what Kurt Cobain said when he sang "I miss the feeling of being sad". I've felt so sad, for so long that when I am not feeling bad, I don't feel like I'm feeling anything at all.
Sent at 7:17 pm

i'm so happy. to save you is #132 in short stories, and like i'm screaming rn. i'm so happy. i'm sooooo happy. tysm guys.

read ; vote ; comment

love
cleo