
Sender: Jake
To: Anonymous
How the hell do people stay motivated in their life? What drives them? How the hell do they manage to get out of bed without exhaustion?
Sent at 7:46 am
Jake sent the message to mystery girl. They have been talking for some time now, and he came to the conclusion, that he knew the girl, and the girl knew him too. He was waiting for the reply, when he felt a shadow beside him. He looked up to see Skylynn, one of Mandy's "friends". She was just a friend, someone his sister and that she-devil liked to gossip about. After all, Skylynn had only befriended Mandy because she had a good-looking "bad boy" kind of brother. He raised his eyebrows.
Why the hell was she here?
It was no secret to Jake that Skylynn fancied him, a lot. She would open up the top two buttons of her shirt, and pull her skirt up when she saw him.
"Hi Jake," she said smiling. He nodded.
"So, what's up?" She asked, trying to make a conversation. But the truth was, he was not up for it. He never was. After the accident, it was like someone had put a really good quality duct tape on his mouth. Therefore, he only shrugged.
"Look," she said holding his hand gently, "I know you're hurting. And I am sorry. I wish I could help you somehow. But I can't. Unless you actually talk to me."
He wanted to tell her so many things. He didn't want pity. He didn't want people to feel sorry. He was tired of people looking at him accusingly. He wanted to tell her that he didn't need her. She wasn't a freaking psychiatrist, so there was no need for her to talk like one.
But he couldn't. He couldn't say that because, this girl, sitting right in front of him, might be the girl he had been talking to for quite some time. She could be the mystery girl. Before he could say anything, she left as soon as her friend called her, leaving Jake alone once again, with his thoughts.
Sender: Anonymous
To: Jake
You need to learn to hate life to the point where you want to get revenge on existence itself.
Sent at 8:03 am
That might just be the best advice he had heard in his life.

wowowow i'm on a roll guys. 3 chapters in two days. that's a record. another one coming up, tonight maybe. (or in another hour or so, if i'm still feeling productive after this a/n).

read ; follow ; comment

love
cleo