
~~Taylor~~
I woke up this morning to my alarm going off I dragged myself out of bed and hopped in the shower after my shower I did my hygiene thing grabbed my keys and headed out the house
~~Miracle~~
I woke up to my dad calling my name
Miracle's dad---- Miracle hunny get up for school
Miracle----- I'm up I'm up ( half asleep)
Miracle's dad---- Ok be ready soon so I can drop you off at school
Miracle--- ok pops
After my dad left the room I hopped in the shower and did my hygiene thing
""30 minutes later""
After I was done getting ready I went downstairs to see my dad ready to go
Miracle--- Let's go
We arrived at the high school about 10 minutes later to see teenagers crowding the school talking and goofying around
M/D---- Have a good first day hunny.... oh and I'm working double today so I'll leave some money on hw counter for you
Miracle--- Mmkay
I got out the car and walked up to the school towards the front doors to hear dudes whistling at me and calling me I'm not gon lie a few of them where cute buh I'm not really into guys well I'm not into them at all if you know what I mean But anyways I made my way to the office to get my schedule
lady in office--- Can I help you?
Miracle--- Yea I'm Miracle Smith I'm new here and I need my schedule
lady in office--- oh yes... here you go sweetie ( handing miracle the schedule)
Miracle-- Thank you
lady in office-- no problem oh and one more thing Taylor here will be showing you around
I turned around to see a fine ass stud with the most perfect eyes ever But I was guessing that was Taylor
Miracle--- uh um hey I'm Miracle
Taylor--- wassup ma I'm Taylor Buh you can call me Tay... Buh come on lemme give you a tour
Tay started showing me around the school and then whole time she kept staring at me biting her bottom lip
Miracle----- Can I help you
Tay---- Aww my bad ma Buh lemme just say you bout fine asl
Miracle---- Well you know I do what I can
Tay--- Ok I see you got jokes how bout me and you chill after school
Miracle---- okay cool we can chill at my house
Tay---- Okay
.
.
.
.
.
.
.For the rest of the day I couldn't help but wait for me and Tay to chill at my house I mean so is so fineeee Buh ima be careful because I heard she a player and she just like to hit it and quit it I was hoping she was different but it is what it is But after school I waited in the front of the school for Tay like she told me to do after a few minutes Tay showed up with a smile on her face
Tay---- Let's go ma