
It was 7 years later, when Mandy and Jake were sitting together in the living room. Mandy's kids were running around chasing each other, and her husband, Marco watched the family with adoration in his eyes. Mandy laughed, and wrinkles by her eyes caused after a long time of smiling.
"So our little Colton here has a love interest now," Marco said, chuckling.
"Already? But he is only 4 though?" Jake said, smiling as well. He reached and caught Colton with one hand. He was quite envious of Mandy because she had everything he had ever dreamt of. At age 25, Jake was still a bachelor with a tragic past. He had made no effort in finding someone saying Brielli won't like it.
"So someone told me that you have a lady friend?" Jake asked Colton, tickling him. Colton squirmed and tried to get away.
"Yeah her name is Rochelle and she is very nice, and I love her hair, because her hair smells yummy. Uncle Jake, do you know a girl whose hair smelled yummy? It also looks very soft," Colton started talking. It was a well known fact that once he started talking, he couldn't stop. But Jake could no longer pay attention. His mind drifted back to Abrielle's hair. He recalled secretly sniffing them in chemistry class.
"And then I went up to her and I was like 'hi how are you? Moi name is Colton, but you can also call me Colt. I like your hair can I please sniff it?' and then she is just like 'ew why? You can't sniff my hair.' But then I drew her a picture of her hair and she let me sniff it." He said proudly. It was silent for a while, until Colton started talking again. Jake was listening quietly until Colton asked a question.
"Uncle Jake, I think I am in love. Have you ever been in love?" He asked and stared at him, waiting for an answer.
"Colton, you don't -" Mandy started, but Jake cut her off with a movement of his hand.
"Yes why I have," he told the little boy, smiling.
"With who?" The only thing worse than a talkative Colton was the curious Colton.
"With a girl. She was beautiful, but not like those girls in the movies or the magazines. She was beautiful for the way she thought." Jake said. Mandy looked at her brother, with tears in her eyes as she continued what he was saying.
"She was beautiful for the sparkle in her eyes, when she talked about something that she loved. She was beautiful for her ability to make other people smile, even when she was really sad. No she wasn't beautiful for something so temporary as her looks. She was beautiful, deep down to her soul." Mandy said, smiling through the tears at the memory of the best friend she had lost 7 years ago. But Colton was really confused.
"Wait mom you loved her too?" Colton asked. Mandy nodded her head, confusing poor Colton even more.
"But don't you, you know, love dad?" He asked shyly.
"I do, of course. But I loved her as well." She said laughing. Mandy's daughter who had been sitting in her mom's lap silently, pulled her mom down to whisper something in her ear. Mandy's daughter had been named after her best friend.
"But isn't it called cheating?" Little Brielle whispered in her mom's ear. Mandy laughed, shaking her head.
"I love you and Colton as well, doesn't mean I'm cheating on your dad. Abrielle was my best friend, and I loved her like a sister." She explained her kids.
Jake had not forgotten. He still cried at nights. But the only difference was that there was no one to send him anonymous messages anymore. He excused himself and went to his room. The letter was in the drawers and for a while he had forgotten about it. But today, his nephew had reminded him of it again. He held the letter in his hand and cried to his heart's desire.
