
"Hello Evianna," he smiled as he walked in. He gestured for me to sit as he took a seat on the edge of my bed as well. He then looked back at Mrs. Darby who continued to look extremely anxious at the door. "Ah, Alice, this will only take a moment. We won't be long."
As Mrs. Darby left I wondered why it was she was so hesitant to leave this man with me after all the doctors she's had see me. "You're a doctor, right? You know I've seen many men like you, and I keep telling her it's no use."
"No Evianna, I am not a doctor," he smiled down at me. "I am a professor, at a school for children who are special."
"Special? As in mentally challenged?" I asked hotly.
"No, I'm afraid you do not meet the criteria for one of those schools," he laughed a little, the twinkle in his eye somehow growing brighter. "My name is Albus Dumbledore. I am the headmaster at a Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. So indeed my dear, you are special."
I looked to the man like he was insane. Or was it me? Were my ears playing tricks on me? Did he just say Witchcraft and Wizardry? "Excuse me sir, I do not mean to sound rude when I say this, but are you messed up in the head?"
"Aren't we all?" He smiled his friendly smile. He then looked off into the blank wall and began to stroke his beard in a way to indicate that he was deep in thought. He slowly turned to me and looked into my eyes as though trying to study every crevice of my brain. "If I am not mistaken, you can do things, can't you? Things the other children fear you for, things that you sometimes can't control."
"I suppose. I can move things without touching them, and make animals do things I tell them to. I can also talk to snakes. They like me you see, always finding me and talking as though I were an old friend."
At my last statement, I quickly caught the apprehension in his eyes. However, it went as quick as it came, and he continued on with his calm and pleasant demeanor. "I see. Much like your father, who had astonishing control of his powers for a child."
"You knew him? My father, I mean."
"Quite well actually. In many ways not even he knew I was aware of. Powerful man, but dangerous all the same."
"Where is he? Is he at this school of yours?" My eyes lit up as if Christmas had come early. "Can I meet him?"
Dumbledore looked down upon me, a somber expression on his face. "I'm afraid that he passed away some time ago."
I shrugged back at him, "Oh. Well that's alright. Mrs. Darby told me that my family was dead one time, but I've always had hope that they weren't." I gave a weak smile and suddenly remembered why we were here in the first place. "Anyways, I would really like to attend your school. Could you please explain more about it?"
"Well, there are 7 years at Hogwarts. Each year you learn more advanced Magic and how to control it. You're first year will mostly be about controlling your abilities and learning about the magical world, since there is so much to learn," he smiled and winked, continuing on. "Before you begin your first year, you will go to a place called Diagon Alley, where you shall acquire your school equipment and wand."
"How do I get there?" I questioned, listening very intently.
"There is a bar that you will find by the name of The Leaky Cauldron. You will go inside and ask Tom the barman how to get to the Alley and he shall guide you from there. However this being your first time navigating our world, I will have someone guide you through the process of buying school supplies."