
Sender: Anonymous
To: Jake
It sucks when you have someone in your heart, but you can't have them in real life.
Sent at 8:43 pm
This mystery girl's messages were driving him crazy. He wanted to give her a nickname (or more preferably, he wanted to know her real name but that was not an option for him). So he gave her a nickname, Night. Because she was hidden and well – most of the time he messaged him at night.
Sender: Jake
To: Anonymous
You can have me if you tell me.
Sent at 8:45 pm
Jake started going through all the possible girls. He recalled that time when Ashley had bumped into him, and when he bent down to pick up her phone, she pushed him. Literally. She could be it. But Ashley didn't seem like the person to have heart-to-hearts with people. She was one of the guys, and that was the only reason Jake liked her.
Then there was Hannah, the quiet girl who sat beside him in Chemistry. She was really nice, to everyone. And was a close friend of Abrielle. It could be her as well, judging from her suspicious behaviour the other day. But why would she? She didn't even know him that well, and plus, rumor was that she had a boyfriend. He mentally crossed her off the list. For now.
The highest possibility was Skylynn. It was no secret she was interested in Jake, romantically. And that day, at the café she was acting very nice towards him. His head was hurting from too much thinking. With the thought of Night in her mind, he went to sleep with a smile on his face. Finally.

i'm sorry for not updating yesterday. but i have a reason for not doing so. i was realllyyyyy sleepy and didn't want to put up a crappy chapter. although this one didn't turn out to be so good either. but it is what it is. the story will be finishing soon. ughh. and i have chosen the ending, but i'm not going to tell anyone about it even though i want to just blurt it out rn, but i can't. also i have put up the cast for the story. i didn't quite imagine the guy to be like francisco but i couldn't think of anyone else.

anyways

read ; vote ; comment ; tell a friend PLEASEEEE

love
cleo