
Have you ever wondered why you have to do things you don't particularly want to do in life? The Selection felt almost inevitable, as almost every minute was filled with questions, bribing, you name it. All from my mother.
I loved my mother, truly. But she was obsessed, with fame, with money, that sort of thing. And she constantly spoke of jumping castes- of me marrying someone for our family's advantage, not because I loved them.
And I didn't want that.
I wanted a man who would take me as I was, a man who wouldn't find all of my little flaws, little quirks, repulsive. A man who would love me for those reasons, and embrace them. But as you may have realized, my mother disagreed. So when the Selection form arrived at our house one Saturday morning, she jumped all over it.

"To the House of Jackson," She read aloud to my sister Katherine, my father, and I. " 'The recent census has confirmed that a single woman between the ages of sixteen and twenty currently resides in your home. We would like to make you aware of an upcoming opportunity to honor the great nation of Illea. Our beloved prince, Shane Schreave, is coming of age this month. As he ventures into this new part of his life, he hopes to move forward with a partner, to marry a true Daughter of Illea. If your eligible daughter, sister, or charge is interested in possibly becoming the bride of Prince Shane and the adored princess of Illea, please fill out the enclosed form and return it to your local Province Services Office. One woman from each province will be drawn at random to meet the prince. Participants will be housed at the lovely Illea Palace in Angeles for the duration of their stay. The families of each participant will be generously compensated'  " -she drew out the words for effect- " ' for their service to the royal family. ' "

"Tessa!" Katherine squealed. "You just have to be Selected!"
I turned towards her, trying to glare. "No I don't."
"But the Prince will love you. Your so beautiful!"
I snorted, unable to contain it. "Alright Kat, that's enough."
"Tessa, look at me," My mom spoke up, placing a light hand on my shoulder. "This is an amazing chance for us-" She shakes her head and corrects herself. "For you. Please? Promise me you'll at least give it a shot."
I glanced at her, then my dad. Then I turned to Katherine, her blue eyes sparkling with excitement, her expression pleading.
I sigh.
"I promise."