
??? P.O.V
I can't hold back much longer.
I can see how all the boys in the class look at you, and that makes me so jealous that one day you could be theirs. Your lovely hair is cut short to your shoulders with two long strands falling over your chest, framing your beautiful face. The colour, your light golden brown hair is so irresistibly gorgeous I would cut it all off so I could touch it and feel it whenever I wanted to. And your amber eyes, the same colour as the wolf in all its glory. The bangs that covered your forehead always had a light pink bow clipped on the right and a plain white clip clipped on the left. That was so cute.
At first I didn't want you to be mine. Why? Because girlfriends come and go at high school, right? I haven't met any adult that have said to me that they have married their first love. So, I thought, if I didn't date you I could never ever loose you as a friend. And if you rejected me, if you ever rejected me I would just loose it. I would hurt you. But this overwhelming dream that I can be yours and only yours has made me mad. So mad that I will kill anyone who will ever try to come close to you. I have already and I will take away another life soon.
His name is Taichi. Taichi Murasaki. My first to be victim at this school and my first ever friend that I made here at this school. And he is also your friend, you know him, don't you? The nice, lovely, idiotic Taichi. However, I found out that he had a crush on you for quite a while now. He is going to ask you to be is girlfriend tomorrow. I cannot allow that to happen.
I hope you will understand how much I love you. You are my world. You are my everything. You are the first and last thing on my mind everyday. I love you so much, Mieko. So much I cannot let anyone else have you. There are a lot of people who you call by their first name. I want you to call out my name. I want hear you say my name with your beautiful voice. Mieko... You're so addicting that I have already lost my sanity. It is all your fault.
Mieko... You will be mine. Until the end of time.
---
You sort out the notes on your desk, ready to go home. You put the papers in your folder and zip up your satchel. Sighing, you get up from your seat. It was the end of the school day and expect from after school activities most of the students have left.
"Mieko!" A females voice called. You turn behind you to see who it was. It was Azumi. She was your best friend and the school president. All the students looked up to her, her uniform was always perfect and her hair was always neat and radiant. No one hated her. Her looks weren't the best part; she was confident, hard working and lovely at the same time. You was glad you had such a wonderful best friend. She was always there for you when you needed her the most and she never let you down. She hurried to face you and sighed happily, "Do you have any spare time after school?"
"Fortunately for you, I do." You reply, smiling at her politely. "Do you need help with anything?"
She awkwardly laughed and scratched her forehead, "Yeah, I do. You see, I'm looking after my little cousins tonight and I was wondering you would finish the paperwork for the festival tomorrow?" Her big brown eyes widened and she blinked them several times. She was giving you the puppy eyes and you laughed, shaking you head at how silly she was being.
"Sure, I'll do all the dirty work for you," you joke as she beamed and gestured you the stack of papers on her desk. "Have a fun time, Azumi."
"Ugh... I will." She grumbled, obviously not looking forward to it. You really didn't mind helping her because she doesn't usually ask for help. Well never, actually. Because of exams and other things Azumi must be very busy. Being the school president must be quite tough so you was glad you wasn't the Vice President. Wait... Should the Vice be doing this job? Where was Shin?