
"Yeah. That sounds like a great idea," you say, "Rena, who are you texting?" You ask out of curiosity. She looks at you, blushing. You take a quick glance at the name above the jumbles of text before she hid it away.
"Oh my god!" you shouted in excitement. You didn't realise Rena had his phone number! "Azumi! Rena has Shin Yoshizaki's phone number!" You teased in a childish tone. You felt very excited for her because he was such a nice person and it was obvious that she liked him.
"WAIT. WHAT!?! Rena you didn't tell me about this! Gimmie all the details!" Azura yelped, while you and her hurried over to her side. Rena was in the middle and before she knew it she was trapped. Azura wrapped her arm around Rena's and peered down at her phone."OH MI GOD THE PRINCES ARE MEETING US AT THIS VERY PARK IN TWENTY SECONDS!!!!" She yelled, running across the field like a maniac. The cringe at the nickname and you get up and brush off the dirt from your skirt. Rena did the same and put the phone in her pocket. "She's a weirdo." Rena said."Yeah, I know." You replied and chased after her, Rena casually walking behind. You walk in the woods, ready to meet the princes. You didn't really care about the princes, but your friends did so you just went along with it. But you had to go home soon, but was getting dark...
------
Hiro's P.O.V
I can see you from a distance, my love. You're looking sideways, your two swaying strands of hair made you look so nostalgic. I wanted to hide my blush but I couldn't. I looked towards Taichi's face and I saw him eyeing you up. That bastard. She's mine, not yours. The three girls walked up to us greeted us, all smiling brightly. When Murako smiled, I saw Shin blush slightly. Did he like Rena or Mariko? Ugh, I didn't care anyway.
I only cared who you like, I know your my favourite but that doesn't mean she doesn't have a crush on someone else. Taichi was going to confess his feelings to him tomorrow, so I had some time to kill him off. I had already poisoned his juice in his bag and he had already drunk it so I just had to wait for the effects to kick in. I had made sure I didn't leave any fingerprints and that there were no CCTV cameras while I did. I know, I'm a genius. You'll thank me later.
"Hey, Mieko." I greeted her, smiling politely while waving with one hand. I wanted her to say my name again. Say it, Mieko.
"Hey Hiro." You smiled back at me and said my name. Like a charger, her voice was charging me up. I really couldn't hold back any longer.
We all started chatting about exams, the summer holidays and the festival tomorrow. One thing I definitely did notice was a love triangle - Rena liked Shin but he liked Mariko, I think. Taichi started getting a little too close to my sweet Mieko but Mariko glared at him, telling him to back off. I needed to keep civil, it was really hard. I just wanted to rip his head off and see the blood pour out of his neck. But he went home saying he didn't feel very well. It's looks like it was doing its job. You deserve it Taichi.
After ten minutes, you got up and put her satchel on her shoulder. I smiled, I didn't wanted her to go but she had common sense unlike her other friends. It's dark now, only the moon and the streetlights were lit. I could have kept my distance, you have a tracker app that I downloaded on your phone while you wasn't looking. Yes, your data is on my phone as well. That means I always know where you are and that you can never hide from me. And your pictures, texts, phone calls...
I'm not sitting around doing nothing anymore. I'm madly in love with you and you don't even know it.