
"It's better than doing the paperwork, so don't whinge about it." You smile and walked over to her desk, grimacing at all the paperwork. No Netflix for me tonight...
"Thank you Mieko!" She says while hurriedly walking out of the classroom, almost tripping over herself. You giggle to yourself and get out your pencil case from your satchel. You put it on the desk and zip it open and inside you find something that wasn't there before. You crease your forehead and reach for the note, reading the nest handwriting.
Mieko,
I need some advice from you and I don't want people to hear it. Are you free after school tomorrow?
- Taichi Murasaki :)
Your heart skips a beat when you read the name. Why did Taichi need advice from you? Surely he could ask one of his friends? He was one of the most popular guys in the school due to his sociable personality, but funnily enough he only hangs around with Shin, Hiro and Kaito. He choose him over the others who wanted to be his friend. You look out of the window, gazing at the beautiful red sunset while wonder why he chose them over everyone else who wanted to be his friend. You knew who the three students were and they were all really nice guys.
Your two others friends Mariko and Rena skipped into the room, pulling chairs from the surrounding desks to accompany you. "What are you guys doing here?" You ask, very curious of why they were still at school. You remember that Mariko should be in Art Class and Rena should be in Athletics.
"Azumi quickly told us that you were doing some paperwork so we're here to help you." Rena says, taking a few papers from the pile. You smile and offer a pen from your pencil case. She thanks you and begins to write. Mariko does the same, taking a little bit less paper.
"Thank you, you guys." You beamed while writing on a piece of paper, tucking a strand of hair behind your ear. You cherish of how considerate your friends were. You begin to think of the four guys and begin to worry about what Taichi wanted to ask you. You disliked not knowing things. Even though your grades aren't the greatest.
"Thanks fine, you idiot! Don't thank us. That's what friends are for!" Mariko said while concentrating on the sheets of paper. Then she looked out of the window and the sunset caught her eye, "Wow! That's so pretty! I'm so glad it's the summer holidays tomorrow!" Rena looked out of the window to and nodded her head in agreement.
You smile while sighing and get to work. You do not bother to ask why they have ditched their classes. Maybe it had be cancelled? Or maybe they were just ditching it for today?
"What's your favourite guy from the Princes?" Rena suddenly asked and you look slowly at her. Rena never asked questions about boys, or questions at all. She was so laid back and detached she didn't care about what others did. Except from her friends of course. You, Mariko and Azumi was all she cared about at the school. You know who they are referring to, though. The Princes as the girls called them were Taichi, Shin, Hiro and Kaito. They were popular and everyone liked them, but they didn't hang around with the crowd. They were usually in a place no girls could bother them, sometimes the Library or the hidden parts of the school.
"I haven't really given it any thought. Why do you ask?" You ask as you consider what your answer was. Taichi Murasaki, Shin Yoshizaki, Hiro Takashima, Kaito Kimura...
You were shocked with yourself that you had remembered their full names. Your favourite was Hiro because he was the guy who you talked to the most out of them and how mature, kind and considerate he was. He was soft-spoken and easy-going, and he had a good sense of humour and he respected everyone equally. That was your type. Someone who cared about other peoples feelings. But sometimes you wondered if that was all an act because sometimes it just felt like his personality wasn't real.