
"I'm just curious, that's all. My favourite is probably Shin, he's so mysterious and interesting. It's like his silence is luring you in, y'know what I mean?" Rena said. Okay, this was definitely not normal for Rena. She was never interested in guys so what made her change her mind? What did she see in him that you couldn't?
"No I don't know what you mean," Mariko sniggered, ready to switch on gossip about guys for ten hours mode, "I adore Kaito, he's so soft, sweet and gentle. But Taichi is so gorgeous too! Mm... And also Hiro and Shin!" She started mumbling aimlessly about their six-packs even though she didn't know if they had it. You giggled and continue writing.
"So who's your favourite?" Rena repeated while exhaling deeply, very eager to know the answer.
You take a deep breath and say, "Hiro." That single word echoed the room and your two friends looked at you and beamed. You had a gut feeling that answer would have consequences, bad ones.
"Awwwww! Mieko's got a crush! Aw, my Mieko is growing up!" Mariko jumped from her seat and began hugging you, laughing. Rena joined in, and they both began to tickle you. They both pretend to cry and you started to laugh uncontrollably.
---
Hiro's P.O.V
I am... Your favourite? I'm so glad, but I'm afraid I'll still have to kill of Taichi. I will not risk it. And, I don't really like how close you are with your friends, so perhaps I may have to kill them too. Your laughed filled me up with so much more admiration for you, I now craved for you even more. I going beyond insanity. Watching you from a distance was ripping me from the inside out, but now I have to be yours. I cannot stop loving you. Me, the monster was eating the light from the inside out; coating me in entire darkness.
Luckily, I had taped recorded the message on my phone so I can listen to your answer over and over again. You saying my name with your voice was just amazing and I couldn't believe I was your favourite. Your answer I thought it would have been Shin, Rena thought that too. I could tell. And Mariko... She doesn't like any of the Princes. She likes you more than a friend. The way she looks at you is how I look at you. After Taichi, I am going to take away her life next. You only need me. No one else. She can't have you.
Mieko, my perfect Mieko. I didn't fall in love with you just because of your looks, it was because of who you are. Although, you do look like you fell down from the heavens. To life your life with me, and only me. I am in love with your smile, your voice, your body, your laugh, your eyes... Everything. Absolutely everything. And to get you to love me I will do anything.
My heart is covered in a blanket of pure darkness, but with you in my life a little golden spark appears. Why don't you engrave your name across my heart, Mieko?
My heart is perfect with only you inside...
---
You and your friends have completed all the paper work in a matter of one hour and a half. If your friends didn't tease you it would have been completed in a hour. You sigh in happiness as you approach Azumi's locker and put the papers inside. You felt satisfied of helping out your best friend. You and your friends decided to hang out at the park for a little bit until it got dark.
"That reminds me, you mentioned the other day your parents have gone away for three weeks to Australia. Maybe we could all have a sleepover sometime at your place?" Azumi suggested, swinging gently on the swing next to me. Rena was sitting on the ground, leaning on one of the swinging poles while texting someone.