
I was desperate to get whoever was behind me, clearly it was a man because of his thick arms, away from me, so I bit the inside of his hand, causing him to curse and remove the hand from my mouth. Bad news were that now, he was squeezing my neck. I clawed at his hand because he was, rather successfully, cutting my air supply."Shh, calm down. I don't want to hurt you." - He said while loosening his grip on my neck. I felt a gasp leave my lips as the precious oxigen rushed down my throat and to my lungs, with a burning sensation. I put my hands on top of the hand on my neck and try to adjust to the burning on my chest. Damn that fucking hurt, and he sounded like that red-eyed creep from before. "What *cough* do you want?" - I whispered, starting to panic."I just want to talk. Now, I will let you go, only if you promise not to scream or run. Don't force me to hurt you, OK?" - He whispered in my ear. I breathed in and out, to calm myself. Then, after I was in a close state of calmness, I nodded. He let go of my waist and throat and I stumbled away from him, putting as much distance between us as possible. Then, when we were in opposite sides of the room, I turned around to see the man, and did a double take. He was indeed the creep with the red eyes. He was beautiful though. I facepalmed myself mentally. Really Sapphire? Really? What? He is beautiful, there's no denying it. Still, he's in your house, almost choked you to dead and now you're having dirty thoughts. Shush, conscience. You don't know me. Of course I do. I am you, after all."What do you w-want from me?" - I said quietly, a bit of a stutter on my voice. He chuckled and I glared at him. Am I amusing you, dude? Do I have dancing monkeys on my face, or clown make-up? I don't think so."I want something that you have. No one else has it, of course." - He said before I could voice my thoughts. Nani?"Doko desu ka?" - I mumbled, trying to figure this beauty of a man that was standing on the other side of my room. All thoughts of dancing monkeys and clown makeup forgotten. He looked at me, surprised. My stepdaddy taught me his native language. It was hard, at first but since now I know it and I practice it with my step dad all the time, it comes out easily. And judging by his answer, he knew Japanese too."Watashi wo Sebasuchan Michaerisu." - he said, looking me dead in the eyes. I nodded and yawned."My name is Sapphire. Now, what is this thing that I, myself have?" - I asked him, curious. Curiosity killed the cat, that's true. But pleasure brought it back, right? I mean, I am anything but special. I do not have anything that no one else has."It is simply you that I want, princess. And no one else has that, right? Just you." - He said, making me blush when he called me princess. When his words finally sank in, I started to panic. Did this dude just told me to my face, to my fucking face, that he wanted me? No fucking way.... ARIENAI ALL THE DAMN WAY!!!! "WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE? I AM MY MY OWN PERSON AND IF THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT, THEN GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!!" - I shouted, forgetting that my parents were downstairs. Then, upon realising that I screamed at him, I went to the door and locked it. I rested my head against its cool surface and got lost in thought for a moment. Would I risk my parents security and well being because of me? No, never. I prefer to sacrifice myself than to let them get hurt. I was snapped out of my thoughts by a knock on the door and my mom's muffled voice."Sweetie, are you alright?" - Her voice sounded worried.