
I can't exactly pinpoint what it is like to die. It's almost as if you're losing a great amount of weight in a matter of seconds. I knew it would be painless, but the thought of dying made me think of all the reasons I wanted to live. I wanted to see my mother again, the woman I hadn't seen since my eleventh birthday. I wanted to walk my dog, Lieutenant Dan, the hairbrained Black Lab that I'd babied from birth. My best friend, Arrow Goldstein, the boy I'd befriended in kindergarten and had always been there for me. My dad... Yes, I even want to live for my father... the man who lived and died before I was even born. There's so many thoughts running through my head. But one very prominent thought replays like a broken record. Like radio waves cutting in and out... I don't want to die, I don't want to die, I don't want to die...
Six hours earlier..."Elizabeth Marie Scott, funny meeting you here," Jared folded his hands, prayer like under his chin. "What do you what Blackburn?" I said, my voice laced with venom. "I want your father," Jared Blackburn said, a conniving smirk across the old drug lord's craggy face."Oh, I guess you haven't heard the news..." Blackburn covered his mouth like he'd revealed a big secret. "There's nothing to hear," I said in a bored voice. "My father has been dead since before I was born-" "Oh, but has he?" Blackburn sniggered."Even if he wasn't I wouldn't care, if he has been alive all these years then he deserted me and my mother. He's dead to me either way." "Oooh, so harsh Miss Scott." He grimaces dramatically. "So what do you really want Blackburn?" I said, in an attempt to change the subject. Blackburn sighed in annoyance. "We've already been through this my sweet, I want your father."Your father was the head of an all secrecy alliance between the Head of Carma and an unknown, whom remained anonymous through all efforts to bring the organization down. Richard Scott was the brains behind every move the Head made. He was Queen and Pawn all in one. His job was to protect the Head at all cost. He alone knew the secrets of the Head Master Anonymous. "I need that information Miss Scott. Or your father will have died in vain." Blackburn's eyes burned a dark, furious blue."My father has already died in vain." Was all I could manage. "Then, by all the power vested in me by King Ræden, you shall die as well."
Present time... "Hey sweetness, did ya miss me?" A very charming voice greets me as I open my eyes. A tall, handsome man I have never seen before smiles down at me. "D-do I know you?" I ask, my voice raspy. "Hun? Do you know who I am?" He asks, touching my hair. He's wearing very odd clothing and the room we are in is dark and smells like a musty old shoe. "N...no?" My voice is so different. Why do I sound so different? "Who are you? And where am I?" The handsome man frowns, "I am... ah, Caleb?" He looks at me hopefully but then his eyes are downcast when he sees no more recognition in my eyes than before.Caleb clears his throat. "Uh, you're in your palace m'lady. After the witch tricked you you've been in a sleep like state for nearly 101 years."I raise an eyebrow at the boy, then start laughing. "Oh, this is good. Did Blackburn put you up to this?"Caleb looks confused. "Who?""Your Royal Highness! You're Royal Highness!" An older man comes running through a door I hadn't noticed was there before. "There's a man at the gate! He, uh..." Upon seeing me his jaw hits the floor. "Your Highness!" And he hits the floor in a graceful bow.
♕
"Who are you?" I say to Caleb as he reaches down to pick me up from my "resting place" (as he put it). "I told you," he states bluntly. "No, you told me your name. Who are you and why was that man calling you his "Royal Highness"?" "It's a sign of respect." Caleb says,looking down at me wonderingly. "Ooh," I say, drawing out the O a little too long because I choked on the words, my raspy voice grating against the back of my sore throat. What happened to me? Caleb carries me through a long corridor and down a set of long, winding stairs made of pure white marble. Years of dust collecting in the ancient looking cracks and giving the whole place (well, what I could see of it anyway) a spooky glow. Almost as if ghosts are going to jump out and tell us to "leave this place" in otherworldly voices. "Oh, so you've found her!" A voice, so riddled with maggots and disdain. The voice is Blackburn's.
~
Congratulations! You've read Chapter One in A Sleeping Beauty Story! Don't forget to comment and vote!!