
Blackburn's voice burns a rotten hole through my soul as he continues to speak with Caleb about my "ragged appearance". I look down at my person, realizing I'm wearing a satiny smooth green dress with a velvet cinch down the front, with a light lavender bust that compliments my not so flat chest. Are my boobs bigger, or is it just me? I wonder idly and look at my hands, so different. The shape of my body... well, I've lost my boyish figure and now my hips are accentuated with the floor-length gown someone must have donned on me in my sleep. I reach back and grab my hair, pulling it from a besided bun, it drops across one shoulder unceremoniously and I gasp at the sight. My usual chestnut brown hair is now a snowy white blonde, much more white and perfect than any hair I've ever seen. My long, cascading white hair falls in soft ringlets all down my back and to just below my waist line. "What happened to me?" I ask myself in a quiet whisper. I stand and walk down a long corridor, not knowing where I am going, but relying on a little voice in my head that tells me I'm going the right way. After turning down half a dozen hallways I stop in front of a door, there are words on the door in something similar to French that I just can't seem to make out, but I know before I open the door. I know this is the Mirror Room.
♕
Inside the Mirror Room are walls covered in flower encased vines that climb wildly up toward the glass ceiling. In the center of the room stands a twenty foot tall mirror that glistens in the sunlight shining down through the skylight. The room looks so familiar, yet I know I've never been here before. I walk into the room, the door soundlessly shutting behind me and the soft dirt encasing my bare feet in warmth and nature as I make my way toward the mirror. Once I am firmly planted in front of the glorious piece of sculpted glass I stare in awe at my reflection. The girl before me has long, wavy white hair and a face that looks like it has seen a hundred years of pain and hasn't aged a day. The smooth, alabaster complexion of the girl's face gives her an otherworldly glow and her gown is fine and fitted to perfection on her tall, curvy frame. Though, years of neglect have left her body soft and her curves slightly unforgiving as they stretch the cloth of the dress. Her eyes though... her eyes give off a light or their own, shining a bright jade green with hints of gold that complement her hair and facial features. She has a nicely shaped brow and sharp, yet delicate cheekbones.The girl in the mirror is beautiful. I look down and study my body, seeing in real life what makes up the stunning reflection. I look back into the mirror and say, "Who am I?" In a hushed, almost prayer-like voice that echoes throughout the room.
♕
~ Arianne ~
"Is she going to be okay doctor?" An unfamiliar woman's voice trills beside me from where I'm lying. "Yes Mrs. Scott, her vitals are improving. But her coma is rather genuine... she doesn't seem to want to wake up."Wake up? Coma? Mrs. Scott? None of these things seem to make sense to me. Apart from waking up their words are foreign to my Royal ears. The last thing I remember is following the glow of candle light through a secret hidden door in my father's palace. Then... nothing, it's all blackness. "Lizzy? Elizabeth, can you hear me babygirl?" The voice from earlier whispers in my ear and someone touches my hair. Who are you? Don't touch me! I want to scream at the person for touching royally. My name is not Elizabeth! My name is Arianne Christian and I am the daughter of the beloved king Ulysses Christian! Don't touch me peasant! I'm screaming inside and I'm painfully numb on the outside. What happened to me?
So this chapter is a little shorter, but I love the glimpse at the swap that has taken place between the Fairy-tale world and the Real world. Don't forget to comment and vote!! <3