
Clarke hates the cold, that's something that everyone knew. But she liked to draw things that appeared with the cold, ice, snow, clouds, blizzards...
Clarke also hated Finn Collins. This was the last person she had broken up with... He had gone on a crazy amount of dates with her, and she was truly in love. That was until she found out her 'boyfriend' had a girlfriend that was moving to Clarke's home town, Washington DC. She ended it with the arrogant asshole and sobbed down the phone to (his other ex-girlfriend) Raven for hours.
Although if there was one good thing that came from that break up, it was Raven who was now her flatmate, best friend and designated pillow whenever Clarke needed it.
Clarke (most of the time) found her mother insufferable, and she tried to avoid contact at all costs; this was a difficult task considering they both lived in the same city.
Clarke's father worked abroad in New Zealand, so she rarely had time to talk to him unless it was over a quick Skype call which happened every once in a blue moon.
Clarke's university considered her so gifted that they allowed her to take two courses: Biology and Philosophy. But she regretted taking Philosophy; in her opinion it was boring and too deep to wrap her mind around the majority of the time. But the university was funding the extra course, and Clarke isn't the type of person to be rude and turn something down.
Clarke was also doing a medical apprenticeship at the hospital under the guidance of Jackson, a good friend of her mothers. But Clarke liked him, because he didn't care how she did, as long as she passed that was more than great for him
Clarke lived on primarily take out food because neither she nor Raven could be bothered to cook something. Plus after Raven set a wooden spoon on fire and singed off the ends of her hair, they had both agreed that she wouldn't be aloud anywhere near wooden spoons or stoves.
Clarke was a usual adult. No one particularly extraordinary. She got distracted easily, posted far too many drunk selfies on Twitter, had an unhealty obsession with certain TV shows, read the occasional book whenever she had time, had friends that she went out with and enjoyed herself in their company.
She had a normal life.
However, her daily trip to the coffee shop changed her life ever so slightly resulting in things she never thought would happen to her.
N O T E
Hello, I'm starting a new book :) I am currently on Chapter Five on A03 so if you want to read ahead then please do, my username is 'jordazfen'. I am posting this on here because it has had, for me personally, quite a bit of success on A03 and I feel like the majority of Bellarke AU's are High school AU's so I thought I would bring something new to Wattpad if that makes sense... Plus I am in love with this idea myself.
I will post at least once a week so enjoy...