
I leaned against the shower wall, with the cold water hitting my body as I sat. Even if it was turned to be freezing cold, I didn't feel it.
I felt numb. Empty. Like there was a big hole inside of me.....that could never be replaced.....because I don't think it ever could. They are gone and they left a hole in my heart that used to belong to them.
It was hard to face the fact that I would never see them again. It was almost impossible to me. I would never believe it, always think this would be a horrible nightmare I needed to wake up from but just simply couldn't. But in reality, this was it. This was something I would have no choice but to live with. Because no matter what, I would have to face the real world one way or another. That time, was now. It was now after everything I lived for was now gone.
That one word I hated. Gone. As in never coming back to me. As in I would have to go on in life without either of them. As in I would be never see them again. As in I just lost everything in life and there is no way of going back. No way of going back to prevent the twist turn of events.
The sound of the front door opening came to my ears. But I knew it wasn't them. Because they were gone. The cops maybe? Then I heard the sound of footsteps rushing up the stairs. I felt the tears streaming down my face along with water coming from the shower head. They were coming to take me away. They were coming to take me away from the only place that held the memories of the ones I loved. But I won't let them, I thought to myself.
The sound of my bedroom door made the memories come back. Where she would come in and tell me that dinner was ready. Where the little one would come in and ask me to play and hide-and-seek with her. Where he would come and say it was time for soccer practice or dance lessons. But that wouldn't happen anymore. Because they are gone.
"NICKY!!NICKY OPEN THE DOOR!"
His voice. The voice I hadn't heard in 4 years. It sent shivers down my spine. It was so......demanding. But I knew behind all of the seriousness in his tone there was hurt and pain. Because that's the type of thing you would experience once people like them would leave. It hurts everyone....including him.
The door bursted open by the only person I had left. The one person I always turned too. Maybe even the person who would understand. He was the one person I grew up with. That no matter how far he was, he would always call to check up on me. He was my cousin, the famous actor.
His gaze fell on me, tears streaming down his face. The sight of him only made me want to cry even harder. I shook my head and he nodded slightly. I screamed and cried even harder. He gave me a pained look and reached out for me. I shook my head again and pushed myself further away from him. He let out a quiet sob but grabbed my anyways. He wrapped his arms around me tightly, not letting me skip away. I slapped his chest hard multiple times, sobbing and trembling.
"NO! NO! WHAT HAPPENED?!?! WHY?!" I yelled at the top of my lungs. His grip on me tightened, making sure I wouldn't leave like they had done. Making sure I wouldn't cause him even more pain. I buried my face into his chest and my sobs became muffled. I banged my fists against his chest as he kissed my cheek softly and tenderly, but nothing worked. Nothing would work. The damage was done, and there was no way I could go back to change it. Because this pain was unstoppable.
"Nicky...."
Her voice came like a ringing to my ears. I looked at the doorway to see my Aunt and Uncle. I pulled away from him and ran into my uncle's arms. I mean he would understand. The pain probably hit him harder than me. But it still hurt. It hurt like hell. He held my tight and kissed my forehead. I looked at my aunt and squished her into a hug.
"Oh sweetheart..."