
"Exactly, yeah, barely anyone came. It was a bust and she was, like, crying to me about it," he explained, pushing up and seating himself on the counter. Kellin always came across as a little narcissistic, but I always just saw it as his way of being brutally honest. "But nothing against Tay, though. Gotta love her."
"Yeah," I agreed. "But okay, so we're definitely going."
He paused the conversation momentarily as he pulled a little baggy from his pocket. He opened it and removed one red-ish looking pill, then popped it in his mouth and washed it back with his orange juice.
That was another thing about Kellin. He had to take medication daily for ADHD. I was used to it, though, as it was something he'd been dealing with since we were really young. I knew a lot of people liked to brush off ADHD as something that was over-diagnosed in kids who couldn't sit still. But the thing was, I knew those people were wrong because he was 18 years old and still hadn't 'grown out of it.'
"Right," he nodded, finishing up his orange juice as my mom waltzed into the room, ready for her work day. She sighed and shook her head when she saw us. "Good morning, Mom."
"Good morning, Kellin. Off the counter please," she said, like it was nothing. Kellin jumped off right away, placing the cup he'd used in the sink. "Aren't you boys about to be late for school?"
"We've got a few minutes," I said, checking the time on my phone. Yep, we still had time.
"Oh, okay," she nodded, busying herself with preparing her lunch for the day or something. "Oh! Kellin, I wanted to tell you. One of my co-worker's son's visited the other day. He's very nice and plays for your team."
That was yet another notable thing about Kellin. He was openly gay and had been for a few years now. However, I had actually known about it since we were in the fifth grade and he told me he thought boys were cuter than girls, but swore me to secrecy. And, well, Kellin was my best friend, so of course I kept my word until he was willing to open up about it.
"Ooh, picture?" he asked, as my mom whipped out her phone, probably to pull up Facebook or something.
"There, that one," she said, as Kellin scrunched up his nose in distaste.
"Lies! He's not cute at all," he scoffed. "Ew."
"There is no pleasing you, is there?" My mom shook her head as she pulled her phone away. I could see that she was smiling anyway. I knew she loved Kellin like he was her son, too. Sometimes I thought she loved him more than me, even.
"Not unless the guy happens to be Channing Tatum," I teased. Kellin frowned and stuck his tongue out at me, so I flicked a piece of my cereal at him.
"Cut it out!" My mom warned, as Kellin and I both held our laughter.  I finished the last bite I had and emptied my dishes into the sink.
"Alright, well, we've gotta go," I said to my mom. She waved good-bye before we were both out the door and on our way to school. The school was in walking distance, so we almost always walked to school from my house. It was routine- he'd walk to my house every morning and then we'd both make the trip to school together.
-
"Good morning," Kellin said, as we arrived next to Oliver at his locker. As soon as Oliver turned to face us, Kellin grabbed his face and planted a big kiss on his cheek, then promptly busted out laughing.
"Why?" he groaned, wiping his cheek with the back of his hand. "You always do that and I never see it coming."