
"Um, probably nothing?" I said.
And, of course, as if on cue, Kellin happened to walk down the stairs, looking a little more disappointed than he should for someone who was supposedly getting laid.
"What's wrong?" I asked him.
"Justin had to go because of some family thing. Whatever," he said, rolling his eyes. "Whatever."
"Do it!" Tay shouted, earning a confused look from Kellin. He flashed the look over to me.
"What is she talking about?" he wanted to know. I sighed.
"She wants us to kiss," I said, laughing. It really was silly, though. I don't know why I was getting irritated about it, honestly.
"Kiss him on the lips!" Tay squealed, stumbling into me again. I caught her and tried to hold her up right.
"You need to sit down," I told her, practically dragging her over to the stairs so she could sit.  She fought me a little bit, but it wasn't a big deal.
"Kiss!" she said again, clapping her hands together.
"It's literally not a big deal," Kellin shrugged, jokingly pulling me to him by the shirt. I laughed because I knew he was right. I had known Kellin for longer than I'd known anyone, so I definitely didn't have a problem kissing him to prove a point to Tay.
And with that, he leant in and pressed his lips against mine. I went to kiss him back just a little, with the full intention of pulling right away. However, as I went in to kiss him back, something else happened.
I didn't know what it was or how to describe it, but something about kissing Kellin was oddly intriguing. I didn't want it to be over. Judging by the way he didn't pull away made me think that maybe he didn't want it to be over, either.
Before I really knew what was going on, the kiss deepened and Kellin was stepping closer to me. I was kind of enjoying myself but that point, only brought back to reality as his tongue brushed against my lips.
I gasped and jumped back, wondering what the hell just happened. Kellin just stared at me, blinking a couple of times. It was like he was trying to make our telepathic communication thing work, but this time the radio signals were jammed.
"I think I need another drink," he finally said, disappearing into the kitchen. --'
thanks for reading!
Please let me know what you think! :)