
Ahh okay, so here's the new story! A lot happens in this chapter in order to set the scene for the rest of the book!
I hope you guys enjoy this, as I'm very excited about it!!
--
I woke up feeling more ready for school than I ever had. This wasn't just any day of school- it was the last day of school. And it wasn't just any last day of school- it was the last day of school, like, ever.
That's right, it was the last day of classes before graduation, which would take place the following week.
I got out of bed, ready to take on the day. I would see all of my friends in school one more time before hanging out all summer long. After that, of course, we'd all have to head out to our respective colleges.
I ran downstairs to the kitchen to grab something quick for breakfast when my phone rang. I noted the caller ID and immediately answered.
"K-Dog! What's up?" I said, enthusiastically, as I balanced the phone between my ear and my shoulder so that I could pour myself some cereal. K-Dog was the ridiculously corny nickname for my best friend, Kellin. I had known the guy since kindergarten and we've been inseparable ever since.
"Open your damn door!" he demanded.
"Don't you have a key?" I teased, making him wait a little longer. The door was about ten paces away. I easily could have just opened it.
"No, I forgot it. Open up, asshole," he said. I rolled my eyes and hung up. After I finished pouring my cereal and putting the milk away, I went to open the door.
"Jesus Christ, it took you long enough," He grumbled, pushing past me to get inside. I took note of the lacrosse stick protruding from his backpack.
"What's with the stick? The season's over," I commented. Kellin and I had been on our school's lacrosse team with our friend, Oliver, all throughout high school. They were both a little more skilled at the sport than I was, and always saw a lot more playing time, but it was still fun. We shared so many memories growing up from lacrosse alone.
"Summer practice starts today," He explained, making a beeline for my refrigerator and fumbling through it until he found some orange juice. "I'm coaching with Matty and Oli."
"Ah, okay," I nodded. "Are we still going to Tay's tonight? She was texting me about it yesterday."
Tay was another friend of ours. I actually dated her for a while in ninth grade, but it just didn't work out. Thankfully we'd always been on good terms, though. Anyway, she was hosting this end-of-the-year party while her parents were away. I suspected it was going to be just like any other party that Kellin and I attended together- crazy and interesting.
"Um, duh," he mumbled, reaching for a cup from the cabinet so he could actually pour himself some juice. "I think you're forgetting that we are literally the reason people go to Tay's parties."
"Hey," I warned, as his eyes met mine. He sighed and rolled his eyes as if he'd just decoded our little telepathic moment.
"It's not mean, it's true. Tay is so shy when we're not there," he explained.
"How would you know that if she's only shy when we're not there?" I countered, catching the hole in his logic.
"Because. I hear things. I know things," he shrugged, giving me a smirk. "That and the last time she tried to have a party over spring break, you know-"
"When we were at your mom's beach house?"