
"Yes!" he squealed, quickly ripping it away from me so he could read it and reply. "I'm gonna see if he can come to the party."
"Why? You don't know him, Kell," Oli reminded him. Kellin just rolled his eyes and ignored Oli's comment.
"It's just a hook-up. Look, you guys have it easy, there are like, never any gay guys and these parties. If you two can hook up with as many girls as you want to, I'm allowed to have my own fun," he huffed, going back to his phone as soon as another message came through.
--
After that boring class, we had to endure yet another boring activity- waiting in line for our caps and gowns. It didn't help that they had the lines split up by last name and Oli and Kellin were in a separate line from me.
Once we had our stuff, we met up again outside by the athletic field where our senior picnic was taking place. Basically, a bunch of PTA people had grilled hotdogs and hamburgers and we were all just going to sit around and eat for the rest of the day.
I found my group of friends seated in the bleachers. Oli and Kellin were already there with Tay and Matty.  Oli and Tay  and Matty sat next to each other while Kellin was lying on his back on the row in front of them, holding his phone over his face.
"Hey guys," I said, sitting down on the same bench Kellin was on. He was still on his phone, messaging the guy on Tinder. When he saw that I was sitting down, he took the liberty of scooting closer to me so he could use my lap as a pillow. I barely reacted to it, though.
"I'm so happy to be done with this place," Tay said, popping open a bag of chips.
"Amen to that," Matty chuckled.
"And the party tonight's gonna be bomb," Tay said, excitedly. "I invited, like, everyone."
"Oh really?" I asked as she nodded again.
"Justin's coming too," Kellin said, finally putting his phone down. Oli groaned.
"No, Kell, what if he's a serial killer?" he whined.
"Okay, Mom," Kellin scoffed, rolling his eyes. Kellin had a point though. Oli was always very protective of his friends, and always seemed to prefer the whole "better safe than sorry" motto for life.
"Who's Justin?" Tay asked.
"A guy from Tinder," he said, smirking. He paused for a minute, and then finally sat up. "Wait, what time does practice start?"
"Uh, like, fifteen minutes," Matty said, checking his watch. He started to stand, as if realizing that time had gotten away from them. Technically, school had let out for everyone else, but we were hanging around to enjoy the picnic thing.
"We've got to get going," Oli said. Right, the three of them had their summer practice thing to get to.
"See ya, boo," Kellin said, kissing my cheek before leaving me alone with Tay. Once they were gone, she scooted down one bench so that she was sitting next to me.
"You're not going with them?" she asked. She was accustomed to the four of us going to every lacrosse-related function together.
"Nah, I didn't get asked to coach," I shrugged. "It doesn't really bother me."
"I swear, you're the most relaxed person I know," she laughed. "If I were in your position I'd be so jealous."
"I guess I'm just not the jealous type," I shrugged. She just laughed and shook her head, before switching the subject to her party for the night and how her cousins were coming over to help her set up or something like that.