
"It's because you like it," Kellin insisted.
"No I don't, you're weird," he said, though a smile tugged at his lips. Kellin only kissed Oli because he knew it annoyed him, and it had sort of developed into a running joke in our friends group.
"Vic likes kisses," he said, pressing his lips to my cheek and making a loud smooching sound as he did.
"Damn straight," I laughed, generally unaffected. I mean, no, I wasn't gay or anything.  Kellin was different- he was my best friend in the entire world. I mean, yeah, he was gay, but that didn't matter. It was just a kiss on the cheek - something that happened regularly, but still meant nothing.
"Correction: You're both weird," Oli said, shaking his head as the three of us head off to our first period class.
"It's our last first period, guys!" Kellin exclaimed, as if it was something we didn't already know.
"Honestly, I wasn't even going to come to school today, but mom made me," Oliver sighed. He had a point- the last day of school wasn't going to be much for school anyway. Basically, it was a half-day. The first part of the day would be spent sitting around first period, then standing in line to get our stuff for graduation, then finishing up with our Senior Picnic thing.
The most pointless part of all of that was first period. We basically just sat there talking the entire time. I sat in my usual seat across the short aisle from Oli and Kellin. Kellin sat on top of his desk, legs dangling over the side as he held onto his lacrosse stick, randomly switching from cradling a lacrosse ball and tossing it up in the air and catching it again.
"What do you think would happen if I hit the ceiling with this?" Kellin asked, looking upwards.
"Don't do that," Oli sighed, shaking his head.
"I won't," he said, smirking. That familiar smirk told me he was going to do it anyway, and the next thing we knew, the ball struck the ceiling with a 'thud' and came hurdling back down to his stick. The whole classroom went silent at the sudden disruption.
"Kellin, really?" Our teacher, Mr. Martin sighed. He sounded like he was just as bored with the day as we were. "Please sit in a chair."
"Sorry," he said, holding his laugh as he slipped back into his seat. He put the lacrosse stuff down and pulled his phone out instead. "Ooh, I have another match on Tinder. . . And shit, yes, it's the cute guy!"
"Why are you on Tinder?" Oliver asked, "Isn't that like, a dating app?"
"Yeah? So?" he said, defensively, before turning abruptly to face a snicker coming from the guy that sat behind him. "Got a problem, ass wipe?"
The guy immediately shut up and turned the opposite direction to face another group of people. Kellin just rolled his eyes and turned back to us. Honestly, I was pretty sure the only reason Kellin rarely got hate for being gay was because he was so aggressive.
He wasn't afraid of confrontation, and most people in school had witnessed him totally laying people out on the lacrosse field. And with the way he dealt with problems, he'd probably just break someone's arm if they really tried to mess with him.
"So who's the guy?" I asked, drawing him back into the conversation. He handed me his phone so I could see the Tinder profile of the guy he'd matched with. The guy's name was Justin, and from the looks of it was a little older than us, but only by about a year. The app suddenly sent a push notification through and I handed the phone back to him. "You got a message."