
After a while, we decided to leave and even though my house was so close to the school, she dropped me off anyway. I thanked her for the ride before waving goodbye and telling her I'd see her later.
-
'What the fuck, he's not here yet," Kellin groaned, checking his phone for the thousandth time before shoving it in his pocket and heading back to the kitchen to get more liquor. I followed him in.
"Just chill, he'll be here soon, I'm sure," I told him, holding out my own cup as he poured out some of the vodka from the bottle on the counter.
"Yeah, you're right," he said, taking a gulp of the drink he'd poured for himself. "Have you found anyone for tonight?"
"Nah," I shrugged. To be honest, that whole routine was getting a little boring for me. I couldn't help but wish there was someone out there for me that was interesting both in and out of bed.
Kellin opened his mouth to speak again when his gaze fell on someone behind me instead.
"There he is!" he exclaimed, waving to some guy that was apparently behind me. I turned to see the brown-haired guy he was talking about. He didn't seem like anyone too interesting, but then again, what did I know.
"Hey, Kellin, I assume?" the guy asked as Kellin nodded excitedly. Kellin bit his lip in kind of a flirty way before her turned to me.
"I'll see you later," he mumbled, before heading off with whats-his-name. I sighed and grabbed a beer from a cooler on the floor before venturing out into the living room. I scanned the room for a friend until my eyes landed on Tay.
"Hey, the party's great," I told her. I held my arms out for a hug and she pretty much just stumbled against me, leaving me just awkwardly standing there and holding her. That was my clue that she's already had quite a bit to drink.
"Oh hey!" she said, actually hugging me back once she regained her balance. "Where's Kell?"
"Off with Tinder guy," I said, raising my voice so she could hear me over the music. She nodded in understanding.
"Are you jealous now?" She asked. I furrowed my eyebrows  in confusion as she busted out laughing.
"What? Why would I be jealous?" I wanted to know. What was she talking about?
"Because you and Kellin are like, lovers or some shit," she said, smirking.
"Okay, yeah, you're so funny," I said, shaking my head. She just laughed again, and it was getting a little weird. Of course I knew Tay was a silly drunk, but she'd never spoken to me like this before.
"No! It's true, I bet you love him," she said, making kissy noises at me.
"Tay, what the hell, stop it," I said, getting a little uncomfortable all of a sudden. Why was she pestering me like this about my best friend? She giggled yet again.
"But you always like, kiss each other and stuff," she said.
"Cheek kisses are different than like, actual kisses," I explained. I was a little irritated though, because I knew this wasn't something I should have to explain. She knew Kellin and I were friends, and that we were close. Why was she insinuating there was something different all of a sudden?  Was she really that drunk?
"What if you actually kissed him though?" she suggested. I shrugged, feeling a little exasperated.