

Three flights and two long corridors later, Samuel was behind the school, making his way to the teachers' parking lot. The main gates of the school were monitored up until two o'clock because no students were allowed to leave the campus before then. Kids who cut class often tooled around this lot until the coast was clear then just walked out the gate.

Samuel had never cut class before. It had never even crossed his mind. Besides, most kids that did that had someone in a car waiting for them since the school was miles from anything and everything. He knew that it would take him hours to get home. He didn't care.

According to his watch Samuel had been traveling for thirty-five minutes. He wished in vain that he had stopped back by the cafeteria to buy a bottle of water before he started off on his journey. He was aware of more errors in his plan, namely walking anywhere this far south in the United States at one in the afternoon. He looked for shade and saw a sliver behind a tree across the road and down a ways.

The Texas sun was beating down, but that wasn't what causing the sweat that was collecting at the base of Samuel's belly and under his shoulder blades. What did he think he was doing? Was this why he always had his homework done at least two weeks in advance, so that at the drop of a hat, or in this case the dropkick of his body on the sticky floor he could just hand it in then scuttle out the back door? His mother always said that he had a big heart. She said that once to make him feel better about all the other big parts he had: Hands and knees, triceps and hips. He often heard his own heart when the world around him was far from silent. When someone who only called his name to taunt him was screaming obscenities in his face, while others rolled with high-pitched laughter. Samuel could hear his heart now.

There would be a penalty for leaving school grounds. He was sure. Exactly what, Samuel didn't know. Samuel spent so much time trying not to get in trouble with other kids that in the process he was the model student, except times like these, times when the two were contradictory. Times when flight was the choice because fight seemed downright foolish.

Irrespective of being rash, Samuel's decision didn't seem prudent to him. Why waste a cut day when he had already taken his licks? Yes he woke up every day knowing the worst was yet to come, but for this day, it was, for the most part, behind him.

Up ahead there was a tree. Perhaps if he sat where there was shade, where it was cooler, he could think. As he approached the tree he saw that leaning against it would not be an option. There was a vein of red ants making their way to the bottom. The persistence in their march toward a scattering of old bread reminded Samuel that he had left the cafeteria before eating. Maybe he would go back. He was sure that detention wouldn't be fun. Chances were that Kyle or some of Kyle's friends would be there.

Samuel took a deep breath. He took in the high grass growing across the road. It would be cut soon to make hay for a number of the town's livestock. Part of him wanted to run across the road and belly flop in the middle of it. Part of him just wanted a little shade where he could rest up for the next stretch of road. Samuel crossed the road approaching the grass like it was a cat that might shrink away. Almost as though his thoughts were heard, a stale wind blew the grass back just out of his reach. He stepped forward and hit the individual blades like harpsichord strings. He didn't have anything to prove. He didn't have anything to gain either.