
Silence.
Nothing but silence fills the car. I lean back in my chair and stare outside the window. No one was saying a word. I stare as the house I was leaving becomes nothing but a distance and sigh. It was a bright and sunny day with clear skies, but inside it felt dark and stormy, full of clouds.
I never wanted to leave, but I had to. To find mom. If she was even there.
|| F L A S H B A C K ||
"Mom? Where you going?"
She kissed my forehead as she packed the last of her things up.
"Honey, don't worry. I'll be back soon. I just need to... Do some things.."
"But," I cried, "who's gonna take care of me? Where am I gonna stay? Where are you going??"
"It's okay. I have a friend, Nicole, who can take care of you. She already agreed and she's going to be here soon. And don't worry about me. I... I'm just going to take care of some things." She kissed my forehead one more time and hugged me. Then she took her suitcase with her purse and went out the door.
"Goodbye, Alexandria."
|| E N D OF F L A S H B A C K ||
See, that's the thing. She never came back. That was 5 years ago when I was only 10. Now, I just turned 15. My birthday is on February 14, 1999 (yes, I know, Valentines day) . Now, it is June 16, 2014. So when was this "soon" my mother said before she left? Was she even going to come back? I'll never know. At least, not until I find her.
Once we got to the airport, tears were already trying to escape my eyes. No crying right now. You haven't even boarded the plane yet, I told myself.
We sat down and decided to eat. This was going to be my last meal with these guys. Gosh, I'm going to miss them so bad. I love these guys, they've become more than friends to me. They were my family. Sure, we had our fights here and there, but we were always still there for each other. And usually the fights were about someone cheating on Mario Kart or about food.
We were about to get some froyo, but then the intercom speaker or whatever had to ruin it by saying I only had 5 more minutes to board on the plane. Just great. I really wanted to spend more time with these guys, but I had to go. Sadly.
I turned to Connor and hugged him. "I'm gonna miss you, Connie Frannie." He chuckled at the nickname I had given him a while ago. "I'm going to miss you too, Alex from Target." I laughed and let go of our hug. Then I turned to Ricky. "Thanks for teaching me, Sass Queen." I said as I hugged him. "You're welcome, Sass Queen-in-training." We pulled apart. "Oh come here, you long haired freak." Sam joked as we pulled into a hug. "Rosy cheeked monster." I said as we pulled away. "Stay cloudy." I giggled as JC and I hugged and he ruffled my hair. "Stay aweshum." I let go of our hug. "Booshka?" I turned to Kian. "Booshka." He smiled and we hugged. We did the crab face one more time- which I failed at doing- and I turned to the last person. Trevor Moran. "I love you," I said and hugged. "You're the bestest best friend I could ever ask for, and I don't care how bad the grammar I just said was." "I love you too." We stayed like that for what seemed like forever. I didn't want to let go. But then the intercom speaker had to ruin it again and say it was the last call for boarding.
"I have to go," I teared up a bit as we did a group hug one last time. Then I grabbed all my stuff and headed towards the plane.
Goodbye California, and hello Hawaii.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A/N: