
My POV:
"So.....what's up?" I asked awkwardly. I didn't really know what to sat to them. Alley and Gali were still talking to midnight so I was on my own.
Me being the idiot that I am took a step forward to a guy in a yellow hoodie and a mask. "Hi I'm arie and you are?" I asked holding out my hand.
"Masky. Midnights boyfriend." Awe there pretty cute together. "My real name is Tim though." He told me, I gave him a smile and walked to a boy right beside him. He was wearing an orange hoodie with a frown sewn into it.
"Hi I'm Arie!" I said and took his hand. He looked down at our hands and then back at me.
"Hoodie,but you can call me brian if you'd like." He said shyly. Huh I never heard of these two before, maybe I forgot to read it....
"Awe! Hoodie is such a cute name!" I cooed. Masky was laughing at Hoodie when I turned around to come face to face with slenderman.
"Hya slendy!" I said. There were many gasps so I turned around. "What?" I asked.
"No one has ever been able to block him out of there mind." Someone said. Oh yeah....oh my moongoddess I can block him out!
"What's going on over here?" Alley asked walking up to me with Gali right behind her. There were more gasps,I guess they can block him too.
"What does this mean exactly?" I asked.
"It means.....you and Alley our my daughters." Slenderman said.
"Wait! What? Were not your kids!" Alley and I yelled at the same time.
"Plus Gali can block you too!" I finished.
"I had a wife, Ellie, she had two daughters born a year apart but we had to give them away because of zalgo. You and Alley are those children. My brotger, Splendor had a daughter of his own, your cousin Gali." Slenderman explained.
"So what does that make us exactly?" Alley asked.
"Arie is a full demon. Alley is half demon half bender. Gali is half demon half mermaid." Sender man said. I can't be a demon. I can't. I ran out of the mansion and into the woods. I didnt stop until I came to a cliff, I sat on the edge and hung my feet. I saw Alley sit at the edge of a lake and put her feet in the water.
How could I be a demon? My parents are human. I mean it does explain a lot but I just can't believe it. If he really was my father-
"Hey you okay?" I turned to see hoodie sitting down beside me.
"Just confused. I can't believe I'm a demon, full demon at that. Its a lot to take in." I told him. It was easy for me to talk to him honestly.
"Hey you found your real family though and you get cool powers." He told me.
"I guess your right, but why would he just give me away?" I asked.
"He gave you away to keep you safe, Zalgo would have killed you and your sister if he didnt." Hoodie told me.
"Thanks." I said and smiled. He pulled up his hood to show his own smile with two little dimples. Awe! So cute!"Awe!" I said and pinched his little dimples. He pushed my hands away and laughed.
"Let's go home." He said and grabbed my hand, we walked all the way home holding hands. When we walked into the mansion everyone looked at us and midnight "awed" us. I blushed and walked up to slenderman,
"Okay....dad.....teach me how to use my powers and I would like to know my real name." I said. Everyone smiled and cheered.
"I'd like to know mine too." Alley said and stood by me.
"Insanity." He pointed to me. "And Silent Screams." He pointed to Alley.
"What's my name?" Gali asked.
"My brother named you Deadly Melody." He said. "Your names match your powers and the way you kill."
"This is gonna be awesome." Midnight said. "Let's start training!"