
Smiling, I sat contentedly as I watched my parents walk hand in hand off into the sunset. My mother's laugh, ringing like bells, drifted back towards me. I had never been happier than in this moment. It was perfe-
My eyes snap open to be met by a young pair of stormy gray eyes surrounded by fluffy blond hair. "I like your eyes." mumbles the gray eyes. "They're so blue, but green. And gray! Like mine... and in the center, they're kind of yellow, like a cat." At that the eyes widen and whisper "Eden? Are you a cat?" Sighing, I slap away the adorably chubby finger that was inching towards my eye. "Cassie, why are you poking my eye at..." Pausing, I look over the side of my twin-size bed to retrieve the frantically beeping alarm clock I must have knocked on the floor during the night. "7:20?" I shriek, falling out of my bed. "Why didn't anyone wake me up? We have to leave in ten minutes!" I run around my cramped room as Cassie pipes up, "I can count to ten! I can also count to twenty! And sometimes thirty!!" "Cassie!" Momentarily stopping her use of my bed as a trampoline, the six year old's eyes come up to meet mine while I scramble into my clothes for the day. As I hopped up and down to get into a mostly clean pair of jeans, I hastily ramble out directions. "Cassie, go make sure all the other littles are awake and dressed. Ask Dylan and Jamie to help you pack lunches."
Sweeping my long dirty blond hair out of my eyes, I crawled around to find my missing sneaker, hoping the two middle schools had not left yet. Like she had read my mind, Cassie points out "They already left! But I can do it! All by myself!". I look up in time to see a pair of bare feet dash out of my room. "Cass, you need shoes too!" I giggle silently. "But why??" comes an exasperated shout. I laugh out loud this time. "Because I said so." Finding the second shoe, I stand up to see I have seven minutes left.
Quickly I dash over to my bed to find my tiny flip-phone, paid for by the ever so lovely Mrs. Grange. I slip my phone in my backpack and hurry out of my room onto the second floor's landing, only to have my bag strap snag on the door frame, causing a little tear in the bottom.
Looking up I see looming in front of me a large tower of kindness, happiness, with a ton of TLC also known as my least favorite person. As she grabbed my chin with her thick knobby fingers, Mrs. Grange looked down at me with her black beady eyes framed by thick glasses and frizzy gray hair. She stared down at me, wasting precious time for me to get ready. "Oversleep again?" asks Mrs. Grange as she smiles coldly. "You're so selfish! You have no respect for the things I give you!"
She inspects the tear in my bag I was trying so hard to hide. Her lips curl into a sneer as she continues, "Not even your parents wanted you. They dropped you off here in the middle of the night with nothing but a blanket that says Eden. I even had to give you a new birthday, because they didn't love you enough to give me a birth certificate! Hmph."
"Now be a good girl and get the kids to school on time. Before you go to that Mexican restaurant  to work your pathetic job, bring the kids back and clean the house. We have visitors coming. " Mrs. Grange pinches her cheek and waddles away. I'm envisioning her as a penguin when her words register in my brain. I can feel the smile on my face when I question her words. "Visitors?"
Visitors means people. People means adopting. Adopting means getting out of here. I can barely hold back my excitement and daydreams until two seconds later, they burst in front of me.
"Not for you." The calm look on Mrs. Grange's face transforms back into a sneer, contorting her bloated mask of drooling lips and granny glasses, as she descends the old wooden stairs. "Adults want young kids. With chubby cheeks, happy faces, and no attitude. Did I mention young?"
Sniffling, I wipe the unshed tears from my eyes. Shouldering my backpack, I walk downstairs to find mayhem in the kitchen. I notice orange juice splattered on the dirty off-white walls as two kids play tug of war with a cereal box. Cassie peers into the OJ carton as a small raven haired boy stares out the window. Josh and Amy immediately drop the off brand cereal onto the floor and run over the crushed up cereal in their haste to get to me.