
Let me take it back to when this 'liking' began. Last year. Hmm 6th grade. Where to start on how interesting it was. Well let's not get carried away, back to Mrs. White's class on the lat day of school. Me and Justin were in the same home room, which at sometimes made things awkward knowing that he didn't like me the same.
Me and him never really spoke unless we were partnered together on assignments. The whole time, I just thought about the fact that in the corner of my eye, I saw Ashley and Jamey giggling at me and him. They knew I liked him. They were actually the only ones who knew. After a while of their giggles, Justin looks up and gives Nathaniel a weird look and then next thing I knew, Nathaniel was talking to Ashley and Jamey. I heard every whisper. Nathaniel knew. Justin knew. Everyone in my class knew. Well dang. How did this happen?
•••Lunchtime•••
I sit two tables away from him. I face his table and he faces mine. Every once in a while, our eyes will meet and he just looks away.
Nathaniel comes over whispers to Ashley and quickly makes his way back right next to Justin.
"Ashley, may I ask why Nathaniel keeps whispering things to you?" I asked.
"We have been talking about Justin."
"How come you guys don't just talk out loud? I'm fine listening."
"Because Justin doesn't want you to know."
"Know what?"
And that was the end of lunch, I had be left with a 'cliffhanger ending'.
My next two classes were the classes I sit across from Justin. This means I'm forced to see him. Not that that's a bad thing.
•••Math Class•••
Warm-ups today were easy, Just some basic area and perimeter questions. Mrs. Sanders made me and Justin partners for stations.
"Have you got the answer yet?" he asked.
"Yeah, I'm on the next question." I said.
"Well dang, leaving me in the dust."
"I have 5 minutes until I have to go to the library, I need to finish so Mrs. Sanders will let me leave this time."
"Makes sense. I leave too, no need to rush though. if the answers are wrong, she will make you redo them."
""I'll remember that."
We had finished our station right on time, 2:35. We have Mrs. Sanders our papers and me, Nathaniel, And Justin all headed to the library to do some service learning.
Nathaniel and I were in the same part of the library and Justin was restarting all the computers on the other side. Me and Nathaniel were stocking the shelfs when Nathaniel caught me looking at Justin.
"I know you like him, you don't have to make it so obvious."
"Excuse me?"
"He knows you like him too. The staring makes it a little weird though."
"Is this why you and Ashley talk so much? So you guys can talk about who I do and don't like?"
"Yup."
I looked up again to see Justin right next to me. I guess he heard our conversation. He looked at me then Nate, then back at me.
"What?" I asked.
"It's time to go." Justin explained.
"Oh, okay."
••Language Class••
We were about thirty minutes into the class when I finally started paying attention to what Mrs. Johnston was talking about. The only reason I paid attention then was because the timer had went off, meaning we were dismissed.
It was finally 3:05. We all got cupcakes and shared our goodbyes until we see each other again in September.
Goodbye 6th grade, Hello Summer.