
Sexual actions so beware.
Percy laid snuggled up to his boyfriend in their bed. They were living in an apartment together during the school year. Percy looked at Nico, then smiled at his cuteness.
"So, do you have any boundaries?" Nico asked his boyfriend awkwardly. Percy slightly shook his head. "No. Do you?" Nico put on a face of thought. Then looked up with a glare.
"Don't bite my ass." Percy chuckled, then leaned in to a sweet kiss. Nico's lips tasted like pomegranate.
As the kiss got more intense, their legs tangled together with the need to get closer. Percy's hand went to the brim of Nico's shirt and slowly pulled it up, feeling his soft, pale skin while doing so.
Nico moaned when Percy's fingertip rubbed over his nipple. They broke the kiss and Percy pulled Nico's shirt over his head. Nico rolled over on top of Percy so he was between his legs.
Nico started to kiss his boyfriend's neck while Percy's hands roamed around on Nico's back. Their hips pressed together causing them both to moan. Nico helped Percy take his shirt off, then continued down his chest.
Percy's breath quickened as Nico went lower. Nico undid Percy's pants then pulled them off along with his boxers. Percy's member sprung free, causing Nico's pale cheeks to flush pink.
Nico took Percy's member by the base, then stuck the head in his mouth. Percy moaned as Nico sucked him off. Percy bit his lip when he felt Nico's tongue lick over his tip.
Percy knew he would come soon so he stopped him. Nico came up and kissed his lover. Percy laid him on his back and palmed him through his black jeans. Nico whimpered as his jeans got tighter.
Nico sighed in relieve as Percy undressed his lower half. Percy pumped Nico's member while he got the lube from the nightstand. Percy groaned at the sound of Nico's moans.
"Ready?" Nico nodded and got on his hands and knees. Percy looked at Nico's tight, pink hole. Nico moaned loudly at the sudden feeling of Percy's tongue licking his hole. Nico buried his face into his pillow to muffle his pleasure filled sounds. (Failing while doing so.)
Percy rubbed lube on his member. He pressed his tip against Nico's hole. Percy slowly pushed in. Nico bit his lip and balled his fist. Percy stilled once he was all the way in.
A few moment later Nico was ready. He buckled his hips against Percy's member. Percy got the message and started the move. Nico and Percy both moaned and mewled. Percy sped up, pounding into him. Then Nico screamed in in such bliss, Percy knew he'd hit his prostate.
Percy felt his seed start build up inside him so he went faster and grabbed Nico's member. Percy's hand movements matched the sped of his thrust and he could tell Nico loved it.
"Percy!" Nico screamed again as his cum spilled onto the mattress. Percy groaned loudly as his cum filled Nico up to the brim.
The two lovers collapse beside each other. They panted and cuddled up to together.
"Did you like it?" Percy asked Nico after nuzzling into his hair. Nico managed a nod before he was out cold.
Percy smiled, pulled the covers up, then fell asleep.
Vote if you liked it. Request if you want. Comment your thoughts. Thanks for reading!