
Billie Joe was violently thrown into a cop car. The flashing lights that surrounded Tré's house was enough to make neighbors peak out their front doors. Billie kept his head down while the cop slammed the door in his face.
The radio in the car was blasting nonstop and made it difficult for Billie to think. The handcuffs dug into his wrist making them raw by the second. His shoulders burned from the position his arms were in. He looked at his shirt and sure enough there was blood on it. Tré's blood.
The cop made his way over to the opposite side of the car and got in the driver's seat. He harshly eyed Billie Joe in the rearview mirror. Billie only looked down at his beat up shoes as tears formed in his eyes.
He quickly sniffed them away and continued to stare out the window. He didn't want the cop to know that he's won. He didn't want the cop to know that he's made him lose all hope.
The car started and sped away from the house. People stared as they passed on the streets wondering what the hell was going on. Billie began to wonder that himself.
The lights above the car continued to flash, but the sirens have subsided. Billie was thankful for this, but the lights still drew attention towards him in the back seat of a cop car.
The cage that separated Billie Joe from the cop rattled as they drove down a bumpy road. This only reminded Billie of his fate. Billie is going to jail. No, Billie is going to prison.
Suddenly, Billie Joe felt a gentle hand begin to twirl his curls in between their fingers. At first Billie was frightened because he knew no one else was in the car with him, but his anxiety faded as he realized it was Fink.
He felt Fink's warm breaths against his neck and he could just barely see his black lipstick out of the corner of his eye.
"Poor poor Billie Joe. His actions got him in trouble. Now he's only made it worse for himself," Fink said almost seductively teasing into Billie's ear.
"Now he's afraid, vulnerable, and down right regretful."
Billie Joe shivered.
"The worst part is that he did this to his friend. His best friend in fact. One that's always been there for him. One that was just trying to help," Fink grinned while moving his hand from Billie's hair to his shoulder.
Billie couldn't hold back the tears that were burning through his eyes. A lump formed in his throat that he tried to swallow down with no success. He dug his nails into his hands trying to keep the tears from spilling out of his eyes.
"I wonder what Adrienne will think of this when she comes home. What will your kids think? What will your friends think? What will the fans think?"
Undoubtedly, a tear ran down Billie Joe's cheek that he couldn't wipe away. He felt trapped. He felt alone. He felt scared.
Fink casually wiped away the tear himself and played a sad look across his face. Billie didn't know if it was an act, or if Fink genuinely felt sympathy for him.
"Come on Billie boy. You can't let this happen to you. You can't go to prison," Fink said just above a whisper.
Billie Joe shook his head in disbelief. He still didn't understand how Fink's personality could change so quickly.
"I'll tell you what. I'm gonna help you out."
Billie looked over at Fink with wide eyes finally making eye contact. Their green eyes locked and for a second they both felt hopeless. Wherever Billie Joe was going, Fink was going too.
Suddenly Fink's eyes changed.