
Mike felt his stomach drop. He let his head fall. Mike looked through blurry tears at the dirty ground trying to hide his fear. He was scared.
Mike didn't know why Billie Joe couldn't walk. He prayed that it wasn't because his legs were broken. He prayed that nothing was wrong at all.
Without asking another question, Mike decided to scoop Billie up in his arms. He wasn't looking forward to carrying him all the way back home, but he had to do it for Billie Joe.
Mike put one arm under Billie's neck and one under his knees. The gasp that escaped Mike's lips was impossible to hide. Mike knew right then and there, why Billie couldn't walk. Mike unmistakably touched a wet patch in between Billie Joe's legs. He knew right away that it was blood.
"Billie Joe, did you get-"
Mike stopped himself. He didn't want to ask Billie such a question right after he had a panic attack. It was pretty obvious to Mike that Billie Joe was raped.
He fully rose to his feet while cradling Billie in his arms. Mike couldn't stop the tears that started to leak from his eyes. He was devastated. How could he let such a thing happen to Billie?
Mike was able to hold back the tears as that sat on the rim of his eyes threatening to spill over onto his cheeks for a couple of feet. He stomped his way out of the alleyway more shocked than confused.
The streetlights spilled over Billie Joe's dark hair. It glistened just as his sweaty face had in the moonlight. Billie's arms were wrapped around Mike's neck. His eyes were locked on his raw wrists that were pressed against Mike's skin. Billie Joe felt bad that he was resting the cold metal of his cuffs against Mike. He wished Fink was there to comfort him.
Mike was silent, finally getting rid of the tears in his eyes. That was until Billie Joe spoke unexpectedly.
"I'm insane aren't I?"
Mike finally let out a small whimper as he felt the lump in his throat get bigger. The tone of Billie's voice was as if he had lost the fight. Lost the fight for his sanity.
The tears ran down Mike's face before the could catch them with a few sniffles. He felt ashamed that he was crying in front of Billie Joe, especially with the amount of pain he was in. He felt selfish.
Billie looked up at Mike. He slowly blinked and just watched Mike for a while. Mike tried not to look back. He didn't want Billie seeing him like this.
It seemed to have taken all of Billie Joe's strength to reach his hand up and gently caress Mike's cheek. His hand rested there until Mike looked down at Billie. Billie wiped his salty tears from his cheeks.
"Don't cry Mikey. Don't feel sorry for me," Billie Joe whispered still resting his hand on Mike's face.
Mike sniffed.
"Pity doesn't do much for the world."