
Billie Joe kept his head turned away from Mike. He was upset with himself that he would be so stupid to let Mike see what he was doing. He closed his eyes and slowly inhaled, trying to keep the tears from falling himself. He was glad that Fink wasn't there to call him a crybaby.
Mike slowly took the cigarette from Billie's fingers. He put it out on the ground and turned his head back to Billie. Billie Joe whimpered trying to hold in the cries that desperately tried to escape his lips.
"Come on," Mike said, standing. He kept Billie Joe's arm in his hands as he stood. Billie followed his gesture.
They started to walk back into the house, but Mike soon noticed Billie slowly following behind and limping. Mike had completely forgotten how hard and painful it was for Billie Joe to walk. He lifted Billie off his feet and continued his walk back into his house.
Mike was disappointed that Billie would limp his way all the way down stairs to the backyard just to smoke and burn himself with that same cigarette.
Billie didn't curl up into Mike like he usually did. He still didn't want affection. Mike understood, but at times longed for Billie Joe to hug him back.
Mike walked through the doorway that led him to his kitchen. He flipped the switch on and the kitchen illuminated instantly. Mike slowly sat Billie Joe down on the counter next to the sink. Like he had expected, Billie winced at the sudden movement of his lower half.
He turned on the cold water preparing it so he could soak Billie's arm under it. Billie Joe still wouldn't meet Mike's eyes.
When the water was cold enough, Mike gently took Billie's arm and ran it under the cold water. He knew this would take away the stinging sensation coming from Billie Joe's blisters. Billie remained tense, unable to hold back the few tears that trailed down his cheeks.
After chilling the eight burns that Billie left in his arm, Mike turned the water off and lightly dried his arm with a towel. Billie Joe tried to pull his arm away, obviously hurt by this touch.
"Sorry," Mike whispered. Billie nodded.
Mike ran over to the medicine cabinet and pulled out the first aid kit. He quickly found the bandage roll and Neosporin. He ran back over to Billie Joe and found him tracing the burns that he had left on himself. Billie seemed almost intrigued.
"I'm just gonna put some Neosporin on the burns and wrap it up with bandage okay?" Mike asked. Billie Joe looked away and nodded.
Mike did as he said he was going to, glad that Billie didn't flinch at any time. He pulled Billie Joe off the counter and into a hug. Billie yet again didn't hug back, but Mike didn't expect him to. He just held Billie close and smoothed down his hair. A few tears formed, but Mike didn't dare to let them fall.
"Promise me you won't do this again," Mike whispered into the comfortable silence.
Billie didn't respond at first. Mike could feel his little heart beating against his chest while holding him close. Finally, Billie Joe spoke.
"Thank you, Mikey," Billie said, not promising Mike a thing.