
Mike, after what seemed to be years, pulled away from Billie Joe and let his body rest against the wall behind him once again.
The whole time that Mike held Billie close, Billie didn't hug back. But Mike didn't care. It didn't matter. The only thing that mattered to him was Billie.
Mike held Billie Joe's chin with a gentle hand while he examined his injuries. There were cuts all along his right cheek that continued to his brow. One his eyes was bruised and swollen while showing a purple tent to it. His chin was split open and covered in dry blood. Mike noticed blood seeping from his lips. He had no doubt that the bleeding was coming from inside his mouth.
"Open your mouth buddy," Mike asked just above a whisper.
Billie Joe did as he was told and slightly parted his lips. He very slowly opened his jaw just wide enough that Mike could see inside. A gasp escaped Mike's lips after he comprehended what he saw.
Billie's teeth were severely chipped and bleeding. His inner lip looked to be cut on the sharp corners of Billie Joe's teeth.
"Oh my god Billie," Mike said while covering his mouth with his hand.
Billie Joe looked confused at Mike's horror. He lightly ran his tongue over his shattered teeth only making him wince in pain.
"Oh, don't do that Bill. It's fine, you're going to be okay," Mike assured, but quite frankly, Mike didn't know. Mike didn't know if Billie was going to be okay.
Mike quickly thought of what exactly he should do. He knew that Billie Joe was to be turned in to the police if he was found, but he couldn't do that to his life long friend. The authorities obviously didn't know that Billie had a mental problem causing him to do what he did. Mike wondered if he could somehow let the authorities know that he should be put into a psychiatric hospital rather than prison.
He looked into Billie's hopeful eyes but couldn't find any emotion. Billie Joe was completely unreadable. He didn't know whether he was in pain, or if he was numb. The anxiety seemed to have faded.
"Look, I really shouldn't be doing this. I'm supposed to turn you into the police...but I can't do that. I have to bring you home with me and figure s-something out, okay?" Mike asked.
Billie's gaze seemed to be lost in something nonexistent. Mike was beginning to worry that he was losing Billie Joe again. He harshly grabbed his shoulders and shook him slightly.
"Billie Joe. I need you to cooperate buddy. I need to get you safe, okay?" Mike asked staring into Billie's lost eyes.
Billie merely nodded.
"Good," Mike finished, and stood to his feet.
Mike began walking down the way he came from the entrance. His feet kicked dirt up behind him. It wasn't until he was halfway down the alley that he realized that Billie wasn't behind him.
He quickly turned around on his heel to see the frail Billie Joe slumped onto the wall behind him, just like he left him.
Mike ran back to Billie in an instant. Once in front of the small hopeless man, he crouched down to his level and took his hands in his. Billie Joe's hands were scarily cold in Mike's. Mike planted a kiss on his chilling knuckles causing Billie to lazily drop his head down to meet Mike's eyes.
"Are you okay?"
Billie used all his efforts to shake his head no.
"Can you walk?" Mike asked hopeful that Billie Joe would snap out of his pained state and rise to his feet.
On the contrary to Mike's wishes, Billie shook his head no.