
Fink didn't answer and instead took his finger and traced the outline of Billie's jaw. He traced his finger over his nose, under his eyes, and over his pink lips. Fink kept a serious while feeling Billie's features. Billie Joe just sat still.
"I've seen that you've been hurting yourself," Fink said in almost disappointment.
Billie Joe looked away from Fink and shamefully rubbed his bandaged burns.
"Do you really think that's going to help you?" Fink said, causing Billie to feel even more guilty.
A few tears leaked from Billie's eyes. Fink wiped them away just as he's always done. Billie Joe didn't try to pull away. For some reason, he didn't mind affection from Fink.
"How could you just watch?" Billie struggled to say. His voice was shaky.
"Just watch what Billie Joe?" Fink questioned.
"Don't play dumb with me-"
"Billie Joe I don't know what you're talking about-"
"HOW COULD YOU WATCH ME BE USED FOR SOMEONE ELSE'S PLEASURE?!" Billie Joe shouted. His voice just about went hoarse from the outburst.
Fink closed his mouth and just watched Billie break down in tears just like he had so many times before. He didn't feel the urge to call him a crybaby, for he felt that Billie Joe deserved to shed all the tears he wants.
"There wasn't much I could do," Fink said, putting a hand on Billie's shoulder. Billie shrugged it off.
"Fink I...it hurts," Billie whispered into the sheets.
"I know it hurts-"
"Than you should've done something!" Billie Joe screamed. Fink flinched.
"What did you expect me to do?! Scream out saying no just for him not to hear me?! Try to push him off of you just for my hand to go straight through?! I don't know what you want from me Billie Joe!" Fink snapped back.
Billie froze. He knew what Fink said was right. He knew that Fink couldn't have done a thing.
"You really wanna play that game?! Okay, sure Billie boy. Let's play the guilt tripping game," Fink shouted.
Billie Joe swallowed hard.
"How about you think about what YOU'VE done. You stabbed your friend over and over again, trying to kill him. You did it just so you wouldn't get help. How guilty does that make you feel?" Fink threatened.
Billie looked away, tears leaving his eyes.
"How did it feel to shove a knife through you best friend's chest while he screamed in agony? Was it hard for the knife to go through his skin? Did it go through like jello?"
Billie Joe gagged. He started feeling sick from Fink's words.
"How about all that blood that you left? It poured from his body like a waterfall. How guilty does that make you feel?" Fink growled.
That was the last straw. Billie leapt from the bed and limped over into the corner. He vomited the very little food that he had eaten in the past few days. His throat burned from the acid that came from his stomach.
After vomiting for all he was worth, he dropped down to his knees and sat. His own throw up surrounded him. He was too weak to care. Billie Joe leaned forward and rested his head against the wall in front of him.