
Temptingly, someone cleared their throat. Billie turned on his heel as fast as he could. He looked in all directions, but no one was around.
"Mikey? Tré? This isn't funny. It's actually pretty childish," Billie said. He tried to stay confident, but anyone could hear the fear in his voice.
He abandoned the living room and checked the front door and all of his windows. He was scared to find that they were all locked.
"Tré? I swear to god if it's you I'm gonna kick you in the family jewels," Billie yelled through the hollow house.
He went back into the kitchen to pick up the glass that was thrown on the floor by god knows who, only to find that it wasn't there.
"Mike?! Tré?! Anyone?!" Billie shouted, his breathing quickening.
"I guess you could consider me 'anyone'," someone chuckled. They were right behind Billie Joe.
Billie froze, but didn't turn around. He recognized the voice, but he didn't know who it was.
"Earth to Billie Joe. Is anyone there?" the voice laughed.
Finally Billie turned, and he was surprised at what he saw.
Lounging in a dining table chair sat a man that looked strangely similar to Billie Joe. He had messy black hair and green eyes that you could see from a mile away. His lips relaxed into a pout and were layered with black lipstick. He wore what seemed to be everyday clothing, but he creepily had a devil's tail hanging in between his legs. Over his face he wore a black and white striped mask that covered everything but his mouth and eyes. He was different to say the least.
Seeing Billie Joe's confusion, he rose to his feet and made his way over to Billie. The man's lips curled into a wicked smirk as he approached. His hips swayed almost femininely and his steps were light on the tile floor. Billie Joe stood frozen as he came closer and closer. He didn't know what to do.
The man put a hand under Billie's chin and rose his face higher.
"So that's what you look like. I would've never guessed we would look exactly the same," the man said smiling at his vagueness.
Billie sucked in a sharp breath from fear.
He let go of Billie's chin and left the kitchen for Billie Joe to follow. Quickly thinking, Billie reached into the drawer for a knife. Better safe than sorry.
The smirk was still laid across the man's face as he took a seat on Billie's couch. Billie came into the room, but he didn't dare to get any closer to the unknown man.
"Come Billie Joe. Take a seat," the man said and motion for Billie to sit next to him. Billie scuffed.
"Who are you? Why are you in my house? How do you know my name?!" Billie shouted making it obvious that he had a knife held by his side.
The man's eyes only flickered to the weapon before his green eyes met Billie's.
"No need to get violent," the man spoke calmly.
"Who are you?!" Billie yelled impatiently.
The man only cackled a hazardous laugh while Billie stood waiting for his answer. One more second and Billie was going to send that knife right through his chest.
Finally calming down, the man pretended to wipe away tears of laughter.
"Oh Billie, I'm a little upset that you don't recognize me. That you don't recognize my voice," the man said exaggeratively laying a hand over his heart.