
Billie Joe relaxed, but he still remained slightly tense. Fink's presence wasn't a very calm one for him.
"I have to say, I didn't think you could do it. I thought you would be the coward you've always been and give up. But you didn't do that. You really must not want to go to jail huh?" Fink said.
He crouched down in front of Billie and made eye contact with the fearful boy. He looked to weak in front of Fink.
"Fink, I -"
"But you do know it's not over right? You do know it's very FAR from over right? Them officers will be after you at the crack of dawn and your face will be all over the news. You'll be found in no time," Fink grinned while crawling over to Billie Joe.
Billie pulled his knees to his chest to protect him from what ever devilish hit Fink was about to give him.
Eventually, Fink got right up to Billie Joe and he grabbed him by the waist. Billie winced at the pain. Fink's grip was firm and frightening.
"Are you still suicidal? You might as well kill yourself now. Look at you. You're a coward. You're the size of a twig because of the weight you lost. All your family is scared of you now. Look at what you've done," Fink grinned as he gripped Billie's waist harder in an attempt to leave bruises on the small man.
Billie Joe could feel Fink's nails starting to dig into his small waist. He started to cry from the pain. The pain Fink was causing him was enough to make him cry.
"Fink, you're hurting me..." Billie whispered.
"Oh am I? Poor Billie can't take a little pain?" Fink growled holding his firm grip.
At this point the pain became too much for Billie and he broke down in tears. His sobs were from pure pain as he tried to squirm himself free from Fink.
Fink felt sympathy. It showed on his face that he was feeling bad for Billie Joe, but he quickly pushed away the thought and kept his firm hold.
"Daddy!" Billie Joe sobbed. He threw his head back and started to bang it against the the tree behind him. He missed his dad dearly. His dad was always the one to comfort him. His dad was always the one to make things better.
Fink loosened his grip and sadly looked up at Billie. He watched as he screamed for his dad and banged his head up against the tree. He put his hand behind the singer's head to cushion it from hitting the tree.
"Come on Billie boy. Stop doing that," Fink said starting to feel regret for how he was treating Billie Joe.
"Just leave Fink. JUST FUCKING LEAVE! I want to be alone!" Billie Joe screamed through his tears.
Fink grabbed Billie's face with both hands and stared him in the eyes. Billie Joe didn't make eye contact with him and looked at the ground. His tears had turned to whimpers as his body hurt. Just like always, Fink wiped away Billie's tears. This made Billie look up at Fink.
"You gotta stay strong Billie Joe. Your dad is watching you and he doesn't want to see you cry like this. Pull yourself together," Fink said with great pity for Billie.
Billie sniffed and swallowed down the remaining whimpers.
"You have to get away."
Billie nodded.
"And stop being such a whiny bitch," Fink continued. Then, he was gone, leaving Billie Joe to think for himself.
At this point Billie didn't know what to think of Fink. At times his brought him pain, at times he brought him comfort. He didn't know whether to feel grateful or bad for himself.