
"I know, I know. Shhh, it's okay. You're fine," Mike soothed rubbing Billie Joe's shoulder.
Billie's sobs soon turned into hiccups and sniffles. He relaxed under Mike's arms, but was still not used to being touched.
"Let's go clean you up so you can go to sleep," Mike suggested. He felt Billie nod against his chest.
Mike stood, yet again holding Billie Joe in his arms. He knew it was going to take a while before Billie could walk without feeling pain. Billie winced and hissed in pain as his body changed positions.
Quickly wanting to get Billie to bed, Mike walked into the bathroom and gently sat Billie Joe on the toilet. Billie slumped against the back of the toilet, still not strong enough to do much.
Mike turned on the faucet and starting running a bath for Billie. He was nervous on how Billie Joe would react with Mike having to give him a bath being that he was so weak. He closed the door to give them some privacy.
He turned around the see Billie with his eyes closed. He knew that Billie Joe wasn't asleep, and he was doing it out of pain. Sympathy felt in Mike's heart for Billie.
"Let's get you undressed," Mike said moving to Billie Joe.
Billie hesitated, but eventually let Mike left his bloody shirt over his head. His skin underneath only revealed more cuts and bruises. Mike shook his head in pity. He worked off Billie's shoes and socks. Billie Joe flinched every once in a while.
Just as Mike was about to unbutton Billie's bloody jeans, he reached down and grabbed Mike with his cold, weak hands. Mike looked into Billie Joe's green eyes and saw tears in them.
"Do we have to?" Billie whispered shakily. He was vulnerable and scared.
Mike kissed Billie's knuckles and stood up to give him a reassuring hug. Billie Joe didn't hug back. No affection, not yet. Mike felt Billie Joe shaking and couldn't help but frown. He stood there for a few seconds just appreciating Billie in his arms.
"We have to," Mike answered. They had to get him clean sooner or later.
Billie Joe nodded, still unsure of the idea. He knew that he was too weak to take the bath himself.
Mike crouched back down and started working on his pants again.
"I won't hurt you Billie Joe, I promise." Billie nodded pursing his lips.
Once Billie Joe had very slowly gotten undressed, Mike lifted him up and put him in the warm bath. He could see that Billie instantly relaxed in the warm water.
Mike used a wash cloth to rinse away all of the dry blood that managed to escape Billie's cuts. The water turned into a filthy red that made Billie Joe embarrassed. Mike noticed this and rubbed his shoulder.
"It's not your fault," Mike assured. Billie looked away and nodded. Mike knew he wasn't convinced.
Just after they had washed down Billie's whole body, the only place left was in between Billie Joe's legs. They showed the most blood, leaving Mike to shiver at the pain Billie was in. It took Billie Joe almost two minutes just to open his legs so that he could be cleaned. Mike started to scrub away the blood, being as gentle as possible. Billie still winced. He looked away the whole time. He couldn't meet Mike's eyes. About the time that they were almost done, Billie Joe broke down and threw his head in his hands. He sobbed in embarrassment and pain. He hated that Mike was seeing him this way. Deciding that they had gotten him clean enough, Mike scooped Billie out of the tub and wrapped him in a towel. He could've sworn Billie Joe whimpered Fink.