
"You're w-what?!" Billie hesitantly asked.
"Now you know me Billie boy. I don't like to repeat myself," Fink causally said while sitting back further into the couch.
Billie Joe froze. He didn't know what to do at this point. How was he suppose to react when the voice in his head has suddenly popped up in real life? It all seemed too bizarre to be true.
Without a word, Fink stood and made his way out of the living room and towards the stairs. Billie followed behind, wondering what he could possibly be doing. Fink took every step slowly and swiftly. His hips continued to sway naturally.
"Are you saying t-that you're the voice that I've been h-hearing in my head?" Billie Joe managed to stutter out.
"If that's what I said, than yes. And stop calling me 'the voice.' I have a name now," Fink answered smoothly.
Finally making it to the top of the stairs, they turned a corner into the practice room that Billie was in just minutes ago. Just minutes before he got even crazier.
"I'll call you whatever I want. You don't control me. I control you. Don't forget, you're in MY head," Billie Joe blurted out surprised by his sudden confidence.
Fink stopped walking right in the middle of the practice room. Vibrantly colored guitars circled him and amps were lined up against the wall. Billie could tell that he tensed up even from where he was standing in the doorway. He didn't regret what he said. Fink is ruining his life. He shouldn't have the ability to tell him what to do too.
"You think you control me?" Fink snickered.
Quicker than lightning, Fink wiped around and charged himself towards Billie Joe. Billie didn't even have time to react before Fink pushed Billie against the wall and had his hands firmly around his neck. Fink squeezed his hands together trying to destroy Billie's windpipe. As Billie Joe desperately gasped for air, the smirk on Fink's black lips grew. He pushed harder. So hard to Billie thought he could feel Fink's hands in his throat.
"Listen here Billie Joe. I'm the one who has control over you and EVERYTHING that you do. If I tell you to do something, you do it. Got it?" Fink said wickedly grinning.
Billie began to see black dots appear in his vision as he continued to be choked by the vicious figment of his imagination. He barely heard what Fink said and found it hard to even answer. Eventually, Billie weakly nodded.
"Good. Now, I don't want to ever hear that attitude in your voice ever again. Just remember, if I do, you'll be six feet under within days," Fink said bringing his face inches away from Billie's. His breath smelled of cigarettes.
Billie, still trying to breathe, opened his eyes widely and brought his hands up to Fink's arms. He tried to pry him off of his neck, but it was no use. Billie's weak grip was no match for Fink's strength.
Finally, Fink let go of Billie Joe's neck and watched him crumble to the floor. Billie stood on his hands and knees as he heaved in air. It sounded as though he was having a asthma attack. Fink had no sympathy for the small man. He simply knelt down to Billie's level and gently took Billie Joe's chin in his hand. It amazed Billie how violent Fink could be one second and how gentle he could be the next.
"Now...what's my name?" Fink grinned.
"F-F-Fink," Billie Joe whispered.
"What was that?" Fink asked while smiling at his control over the superior man.
"Fink!" Billie Joe tried to yell, but it came out hoarse. Fink let go of Billie's chin.
"That's what I thought."