
Mike felt as though fifty pounds was just added onto his body. He didn't know if it was from relaxation or fear. This could not be happening. Mike spoke again.
"Bill?" Mike said, hesitating. He continued to make his way over.
Billie Joe began to try and move himself further away from Mike again. The frightened look in his eyes was enough to make Mike freeze in his tracks.
"Billie? It's me..." Mike said starting to tear up. Seeing his friend in this state was something he never thought would happen.
Tears spilled out of Billie's eyes. They quickly left wet tracks down his cheeks. A shiver went up his spine. Mike figured that Billie Joe wasn't going to respond. That was until Billie whispered.
"Fink?" Billie asked looking hopeful.
Mike couldn't help but question who the hell Fink was.
"No. It's me buddy. It's Mike," Mike said as he took that as an okay to move closer to Billie Joe.
Billie began to shake out of what seemed to be fear. He began silently crying again. The tears ran down his face. The cuts on his face continued to bleed. Streaks of tears and blood trailed down his cheeks.
"Wow, you got cut up pretty bad. What the fuck happened?" Mike said quickly making his way over to Billie. That was probably not a good idea.
Billie Joe flinched from Mike's movement. He began to sob out of pure fright. Mike didn't take the time to consider this before he came over and put his hands on Billie's shoulders.
This made Billie snap his head up and gasp in a harsh breath that silenced his tears. He looked at Mike with wide eyes while biting his lip.
"Are you alright, Billie Joe?"
Billie's shaking increased by the millions. His body shook so much that his handcuffs raddled against the brick wall behind him. This made Mike glance down at his wrists, but not think anything of it. Billie Joe started to breathe quicker and quicker until his inhales were uneven and short. He looked like it was a struggle to even breathe what so ever. Billie looked like he was choking on air. Sweat poured down the sides of his face. Mike could feel Billie Joe's heart rate increase just by looking at him.
Mike knew right then and there, Billie was having a panic attack.
"Hey, calm down Bill. It's okay. You're okay," Mike soothed.
This had no effect on Billie Joe. If anything, it made it worse. His trembling body began to feel weak under Mike's grasp. Billie suddenly pulled his hand up to his mouth and started nervously biting his nails. Mike knew that he always did this during his worst attacks.
"Billie Joe? Come on buddy, you gotta breathe. You're freaking yourself out."
Billie hitched in short breaths in an attempt to keep breathing. It looked as though his lungs were the size of a pea.
"Come on Bill. You're okay, you're okay. You're just having a panic attack," Mike said trying to meet Billie's gaze.
Billie Joe pulled his hands away from his mouth so quickly it looked like he was burned. He frowned his eyebrows and stared down at his hands. They trembled furiously and nonstop. Billie began shaking his head back and forth rapidly. His fingers bent into weird shapes as this continued.
Mike automatically knew what was happening. Billie Joe has told him before that during his panics, his hands begin to feel numb.
"Hey, Billie? Listen to me. Your hands are fine. You're going to be okay. Everything is okay," Mike said.