
Before he had time to react, two more police officers charged into the house and forcefully pulled Billie up from his sitting spot in the corner.
"NO, PLEASE. PLEASE STOP. PLEASE! I DIDN'T DO IT. IT WAS FINK! HE MADE ME!" Billie Joe screamed while trying to squirm himself out of the police officers' strong grip.
"Anything you say can and will be used against you son," the armed police officer said.
Billie continued to struggle. The officers had their arms firmly hooked around Billie Joe's while trying to pull him to the floor. Billie could feel his throat being scratched from the screaming he has done. The officers tightened their grip and yanked Billie Joe down so fast he didn't have time to react before a was pinned to the ground. They put his hands above him while he cried and shook. The armed officer began to search his body. Little did they know, the only dangerous thing he had used was the bloody knife sitting just inches away from Tré.
Billie Joe could barely see Tré through his blurry tears. As the officers held him down he couldn't help but feel guilty for what he had done. Tré was a dear friend, and he had done this to him just so he wouldn't get help. The help that he needed.
Eventually the officers lifted Tré onto a stretcher and began to wheel him out of his own house. Billie began to thrash his body in an effort to get away from the police.
"No, no no no NO! TRÉ! TRÉ NO! Please! Please let me go. I have to tell him it wasn't me. It was Fink! Tré, don't believe them! It was Fink! He made me do this!" Billie Joe shouted after Tré's repeatedly stabbed body being rolled away. Tears leaked from his eyes uncontrollably.
Fink stood in his same position throughout the whole situation. He didn't say a word, but he mocked Billie with a devilish smile. As he stood he swayed femininely to music only he could hear. Fink simply hummed to himself as he watched two officers aggressively hold Billie down.
Billie Joe then heard the unmistakable sound of handcuffs being unclipped behind him. Soon the cold metal met his wrist sending a shiver up his spine. He couldn't tell if it was because of the metal or the fear.
What was said next made Billie finally let out the breath of air that he had been holding in the whole time.
"Billie Joe Armstrong, you are under arrest for the attempted murder of Frank Edwin Wright III."