
Billie Joe woke to the feeling of being violently shaken. The predator harshly held his shoulders while repeatedly causing his body to hit the tree he was resting against. Billie was scared to open his eyes. He eagerly waited for the intruder to start screaming that he was under arrest, but it didn't.
He was hesitant, but Billie eventually opened his eyes just enough to see the person shaking him. Surprisingly, he was relieved to see Fink.
Fink frown his eyebrows in what seemed to be confusion and fear. Seeing this, Billie fully opened his eyes to show Fink that he was awake. For some unknown reason, Fink sighed heavily.
"Phew! I thought you were dead there Billie Joe," Fink said breathing deeply.
Fink's arms still rested on Billie's shoulders as he sat up. He squinted at his surroundings. The early sun was bright and shinning through the dewy woods. Owls hooted in the distance and there was a peaceful chill in the air. Everything was so calm that Billie Joe forgot Fink was still there.
"Get off of me," Billie said shrugging Fink's hands off of him.
He felt a great deal of anger towards Fink as he remembered what happened last night. There were sore spots on either side of his waist. They caused more pain every time Billie Joe moved.
"No need to be snappy. You should be thanking me rather than being such an asshole," Fink said standing to his feet.
"And why would I be doing that?" Billie Joe said, using the tree as support for him to stand.
"Because dumb ass, you need to get an early start so that them officers don't catch up to you."
Billie paid little attention considering the fact that the handcuffs around his raw wrists were preventing him from doing basically anything.
"It would be easier if I had these off. Any ideas?" Billie Joe asked, hopeful that Fink wouldn't hold a grudge.
"Whoa there Billie boy. If I do recall, you were giving me quite the attitude just a minute ago," Fink said. He wandered off pretending to be interested in the damp bark of the trees surrounding them.
"Come on Fink. We're running out of time," Billie said impatiently.
Fink trailed his small fingers across the trees he circled for no apparent reason. He exaggeratively sighed and looked over to Billie Joe.
"Oh I suppose I could lend a hand. You know what they say, always provide for the less fortunate," Fink said as he circled Billie and breathed on his neck.
A shiver went down Billie Joe's spine at Fink's harsh words.
"The only way I can think of is to bash the chain against a sharp rock," Fink shrugged.
Billie sighed heavily at Fink's idea. He rolled his eyes when Fink pretended to look offended.
"Got any better ideas casanova?"
"Oh shut the fuck up," Billie Joe snapped back. He wasn't in the mood for ignorant remarks, let alone Fink in general.
Fink only smirked as he saw Billie look over to the sharp rock. It's was a large dark rock that seemed to be over a hundred pounds. If Billie Joe happened to miss just the slightest bit, he could break his wrists into a million pieces. It was nerve racking to say the least.
"You're gonna have to help me. I can't see because it's behind my back."
"Oh really?"
"Just do it dip shit," Billie said annoyed at his sarcasm. Fink grinned.