
"You know I can't tell you that Mikey," Billie Joe said, slowly blinking his eyelids, but not once breaking eye contact with Mike.
Mike huffed in frustration. He was irritated that Billie wanted company, but he wouldn't say what's wrong with him.
"This is why I left Billie Joe. This is why I gave up on you," Mike said looking away from Billie.
Billie Joe took his chin off of Mike's shoulder and slouched in disappointment.
"Y-You gave up on me?" Billie Joe said. The lump in his throat grew and the force to put a frown on his face strengthened.
"Oh my god, really?! You always take things the wrong way Billie Joe. I can't even have a normal conversation with you without you being a crybaby," Mike snapped.
Billie Joe didn't respond, but he stood to his feet and looked away from Mike. He tried to hide the fact that he was wiping away his tears with his shirt sleeve.
Mike rose to his feet as well. He watched Billie who had his back turned to him. He once again sighed.
"Look, Billie. I didn't mean that. You know I love you man, you just need help," Mike soothed, resting a hand on Billie's shoulder. Billie Joe shrugged it off.
Billie turned around to face Mike. He still couldn't believe that his best friend would say something like that to him.
"I don't want help," Billie said through gritted teeth. He wasn't crazy. He didn't need help.
"I just wish you would talk to me," Mike whispered. He held his arms out, motioning Billie Joe in for a hug.
Billie accepted the offer and went into Mike's arms. The stood in silence as they swayed back and forth, comforting each other.
The tensity that suddenly hit Billie's body was unmistakable for Mike.
Little did Mike know, Billie Joe had a knife held to his back. He could feel the poke of the sharp blade through his shirt. The blade drew random lines, almost seductively on his back. Soon, the recognizable smell of cigarette breath met Billie Joe's nose. He knew it exactly who it was. Fink.
"Guess who?" Fink snickered into Billie's ear. He was resting his head on Billie Joe's shoulder as he kept the knife firmly pressed against his back.
Mike seemed to ignore Billie's discomfort, and continued to hug him.
"Well Billie boy, I've just about seen enough of this friendship affection shit. It's time for Mike to leave," Fink said into Billie's ear, his lips pressed against his hair.
Billie Joe held himself tighter to Mike, only for Fink to press the blade closer in return.
"Remember what I said Billie Joe. I control you now. You do whatever I say. Got it?"
Billie Joe didn't say anything, and Fink took that as an indication that he didn't want to talk to Fink in front of Mike. Fink knew that Billie agreed, so he proceeded with his plan.
"Tell him he should leave."
"Mikey, I think you should go," Billie sighed. He really didn't want Mike to leave. He liked being held by someone for what seemed like forever.
Mike looked offended but also sad by Billie's request.
"Why?" Mike choked out.
"Tell him because you said so," Fink chuckled.
"B-Because I said so," Billie Joe said aloud. It hurt him to say these things to Mike, but there was a knife pressed to his back.