
Crying. He heard crying. The whimpers sounded as though the victim was in pain. Mike could infer that they were trying to keep their cries quiet. Almost as if they didn't want anyone to hear.
Mike turned around. He could've sworn he heard it coming from one of the alleys further down the path he was going. He started to walk slowly. Trying to keep the victim from hearing him, he almost tiptoed his way down the sidewalk. The crying got louder, closer. Mike knew he was coming up to the alleyway that the struggles were coming from. He slowed his pace. He didn't want to frighten the...man? Yes, it was a man. Mike could tell the closer he got.
Sniffles came from the alley Mike was coming up on. He knew he had found the right spot. The space was dark, so he couldn't see a thing inside. It wasn't until he came completely around the corner did he see the small light that was placed on the walls of the alley. The brick was spray painted with vibrant colors showing off a seriously talented artist's personality.
The whimpers picked up again. Whoever was crying, started to sob. Mike was fully in the alley now, and was making it down the walkway. It was too dark for him to see anything.
"Hello?" Mike whispered.
The cries came to a sudden stop after a frightened gasp escaped the man's lips. Mike could finally make out a small figure in the dark back corner of the alley. His clothes seemed to be ripped and he was curled into a ball. He looked to be a young man. He looked so...frail.
The man started to scoot himself away from Mike and began to jerk his head from left to right trying to find a way to escape him. He was brought to a stop when his body hit the wall. The victim began to shiver.
"I'm not going to hurt you," Mike said as he crouched down and got closer to the man. He slowly but steadily made his way over to the hopeless figure.
By the time Mike had gotten five feet away from the man, the light finally shone on his face. Mike could make out green eyes, pouting lips, and messy hair. His heart stopped. He felt as if he was going to faint as he let out a gasp of air.
Mike heaved in a few relieved but unsure breaths. Finally, the words met his lips.
"Billie Joe?"