
"Stop talking to me. There's nothing in the life that would make me want to kill myself," Billie Joe scuffed.
You said it yourself Billie boy, your family wouldn't survive without your "support." I think you mean without having your "money." And how else would the band go on? You can't have a band without a guitarist and a singer. Not to mention those life changing songs you write. Face it Billie, you're not wanted. The world doesn't need you, the world needs what you have.
"T-That's not true. I love my family - they love me for gods sake!" Billie Joe said.
You might want to rethink that one Billie Joe. How much time do you actually spend with your family? How much genuine time do you spend that will get them to love you like they apparently do? Oh, that's right! None. You never have time to spend with your family. You're always touring.
"You bastard," Billie spoke while shaking his head in disbelief.
Whoa, watch the language there buddy. I'm helping you be self aware. I don't want you to be so naive and vulnerable. I want you to be able to realize when people are using you.
"Nobody's using me. Everyone I love in my life loves me back. It's LOVE that makes me needed, something your bitter heart doesn't have," Billie explained.
Ouch, that one hurt. I have love for you Billie Joe. I love you so much that I will never leave. Ever. Ever. Ever...
"Leave me alone you sick fuck. I don't want you in my life. I don't need you in my head. Just leave me alone and let me have the peace that I haven't had in the last three years because of your annoying self. You were never like this before, always patronizing and humiliating. It's only gotten worse in the past year. I wish you would just leave and never come back. Can't you do that for me? You don't matter to me. You're just making my life worse," Billie said voice cracking the whole way through. At this point he started to ball his hands in fists and bang his head repeatedly.
This time nothing came. This time the voice didn't respond. There was just complete and utter silence, and Billie Joe liked it. He could finally...relax.
Billie Joe stood and decided to make his way back to his house. Tré would be up soon, and he didn't want Tré to question Billie's actions any further.
He went about his day with no voice coming from his claustrophobic mind, and to say the least, it was peaceful.