
Fink led Billie over to the large rock. He walked backwards in an awkward position while Fink held his wrists gently. Billie didn't know if Fink was doing this because he was concerned about Billie's comfort, or whether that he put no thought into it what so ever.
"Now you're gonna need to hold still or else you're going to be in excruciating pain," Fink grinned.
Billie Joe rolled his eyes.
"And then you'll be crying for your daddy all over again," Fink said coldly.
Billie pulled his arms away from his threat and turned around to stare him down in disappointment.
"W-Why would you say that?" Billie Joe said feeling tears building up behind his eyes.
"Don't get so butt hurt Billie boy. It's about time you stop feeling sorry for yourself all the time," Fink huffed pulling Billie's arms back in his grip. Billie Joe got out of his hands once again.
"No...no, no you don't joke like that. You don't ever joke about my dad like that. I don't care how much you hate me, or how much I hate you, but you NEVER bring up my dad. EVER! You understand me you little fucker?!" Billie Joe screamed while getting into Fink's face.
Fink looked threatened for no more than a few seconds, then he stared Billie down as well. The anger fueled up inside of him as Billie Joe continued to be in his face. Without hesitation, Fink spit right in Billie's eye.
"I don't know who the fuck you think you're talking to, but it sure as hell ain't me. I say what I want to say. I make you do what I want you to do. I am you. I'm your mind. I control what you do just like everyone else's mind in the world. Except, I put a little fun behind it. Fun for me of course," Fink growled into Billie Joe's face. He yanked Billie around so now he couldn't see Fink.
The spit in Billie's eye was left unconcerned. Billie Joe couldn't even wipe it away. Fink lifted Billie's arms up behind his back. Billie Joe hissed in pain at his burning shoulders.
"Self pity doesn't do much for the world Billie Joe, if anything at all. That's all you do. Whine whine whine. Oh no, the luxury living Billie Joe Armstrong has things in his life that makes him upset. Boo hoo!"
Billie ignored this. He knew he had plenty of reason for being upset in his life. Being a celebrity and having no privacy isn't "luxury" at all. Not to mention that he doesn't have his dad to be there for him every step of the way.
Fink positioned Billie's arms above the rock ready to break the cuffs.
"No one feels sorry for you when you constantly feel sorry for yourself. Hell, I'm only helping you because I want you to get away from them cops. Not because I feel sorry for you," Fink said just above a whisper into Billie Joe's ear. He grazed his black lips across Billie's hairline.
"I hope you realize one day what I'm truly here for."
Billie Joe didn't have time to react before he felt his arms being quickly pushed down onto the sharp rock. The hard stone collided with the chain. The force caused the handcuffs to break in half. Pieces of metal flew all around the small space Billie was tucked in with this rock. Fink was gone.
Billie screeched in pain as he felt what seemed like an electric shock shoot up his arms. For a few terrifying moments, Billie Joe thought Fink shattered his wrists. Then, he crouched to the ground hissing in pain and cradling his raw skin. The chain was definitely broken, but obviously the cuffs still remained around his wrists. Fink made a perfect cut through the chain, avoiding any kind of contact with Billie's arms and the rock.
But Billie Joe couldn't even think about or consider this, for he had something much more important to worry about. The last words Fink said before he once again disappeared left Billie in a state of confusion.
Why is Fink truly here?