
At around 4:30 in the morning, Billie woke up in Tré's arms on the floor of his bedroom. He quickly rubbed his eyes and sighed at the thought of what Tré saw last night. Does Tré know that Billie hears voices?
Billie Joe prayed that Tré will just assume that it was another one of his panic attacks and he will act like it never happened.
Being that he was now awake, Billie knew he wasn't going to go back to sleep. He's had this problem ever since he was a kid. Insomnia.
He pried himself out of Tré's arms and stood to give himself a nice stretch. Billie Joe then searched around the room for his shoes in the darkness. He didn't want to wake Tré by turning the light on. Eventually he found his beat up shoes that he hasn't bothered to replace and made his way out of the room.
Billie walked into the kitchen to grab his pack of cigarettes and his balled up jacket from the table. He decided that he wanted to take a walk; clear his head. It was something that Billie Joe did oftentimes, but not something he had time to do regularly.
He opened the window in the living room and crawled into the backyard. It would be easier than trying to slowly and quietly shut the front door so he wouldn't wake Tré. Besides, he left his keys in his bedroom.
Few streetlights were actually lit on the cold, dark streets of Oakland, but Billie continued his journey down the cracked sidewalk. Nobody was out considering it was so early, but Billie liked it that way. He hated having to awkwardly walk by a stranger on the streets and not know if he should say hello or not. One thing he did love was the early air. Something about breathing in the cold and fresh air of dawn brought a smile to Billie's face.
Absentmindedly, Billie Joe turned a corner into the familiar alleyway that he used to go to with Mike. The boys have seemed to grow out of the "walking on the streets" phase, but they still like to pay a visit or two every once in a while. Billie made his way over to the back corner and sat himself down while he leaned against a trash can. A walkway light flickered on and off above Billie Joe, but he didn't seem to notice.
Billie pulled out his pack of cigarettes and began smoking one after the other. He took a deep breath in and slowly blew it out. Chain smoking wasn't something Billie was in need of, but he felt as though he was severely stressed at the moment.
Keep smoking those cancer sticks, and you're going to kill yourself right then and there Billie boy.
"Fuck off," Billie muttered to the familiar voice coming from his head. He put another cigarette into his mouth and instinctively lit it up.
I'm just trying to help you, for your sake of course. Don't you want to live Billie Joe?
"Not with you constantly in my head. And 'you're trying to help me' my ass. You're the one making me feel unsafe with myself," Billie Joe snapped back.
So you're basically saying you don't want to live. You want to kill yourself. Are you suicidal Billie?
"No, I want to live. I need to live. How else will the band go on? How will my family survive without my support?"
Suicidal.
"I'm not suicidal."
Suicidal.
"I'm not!"
Suicidal.
"For the last time, I'm not fucking suicidal! At least I don't think I am anyway," Billie mumbled.
Okay maybe you're not suicidal, but there is something that could make you be...