
Because he was spending so much time helping Billie Joe, Mike had forgotten to visit Tré. He hoped that he hadn't been awake much to notice. Mike contemplated whether or not he should tell Tré about hiding Billie in his house to protect him. He guessed that time would tell.
After he had cared for Billie Joe's burns, he led him to the couch and buried him in blankets and pillows. He told Mike that he's been cold a lot lately. Mike would oftentimes catch him shivering.
Thinking about the wellbeing of his wife and kids, Mike told Britney to go to her parents house while he sorts things out. Britney didn't agree at first, but she ended up packing the kids things up and kissing Billie Joe's nose before they left. Billie wondered why Britney and Mike cared about him when his life was so shattered.
Mike didn't let Billie Joe know he was visiting Tré until he was about to walk out the door. He thought it would be best if Billie took a nap while he was gone, so he helped him from the sea of blankets and brought him to the guest bedroom.
"I'm going to visit Tré while you're sleeping okay?" Mike asked. He held his breath waiting for an answer.
He sat Billie down on the bed before he let him answer. Billie Joe curled himself up in the sheets and took him a deep shaky breath of air.
"Can you ask him something for me?" Billie whispered.
This caught Mike's attention, so he sat on the bed with Billie Joe. To his surprise, Billie took his hand in his. His hands were cold but somehow still soft. Mike smiled. It wasn't the biggest gesture of affection, but he was getting there.
"What do you want me to ask him?" Mike answered.
Billie's eyes started to look glossy with tears. He pursed his lips and breathed through his nose trying to hold them back.
"Can you ask him...can..." Billie Joe could finish. His voice started getting high pitched with the tears.
"Take your time," Mike soothed. Billie wiped his tears away before he continued.
"Can you ask him if he hates me?" Billie Joe got out before he started to sob. Mike's heart broke into a million pieces.
"Oh Bill. He doesn't hate you," Mike assured.
"Just please...ask him," Billie sobbed.
Mike nodded letting Billie Joe know he would. He rubbed a few circles on the back of Billie's hand before he stood up to leave.
Billie pushed himself further into the pillows as he watched Mike go. He flipped the light off when he was in the doorway. Mike left with a sigh. He closed the door in a smooth motion. Billie Joe pretended not to hear him lock the door from the outside.
Billie Joe knew he wasn't going to be able to sleep. Not with all that's happened to him. He stared at the wall, for some reason finding interest in it. He wondered about Fink. He hasn't seen him since he was beaten up and used. Billie secretly wished for him to come back.
"That wall must be pretty interesting, huh?" Fink chuckled.
He stood by the door that Mike left Billie out of with his devil tail swinging. His black lips curled in a smirk and his green eyes looked through Billie's. Billie Joe just about cried seeing him.
"Fink!" Billie shouted. He would've ran over to him, but he was in too much pain to even walk.
"Hey Billie boy," Fink snickered with a smile before leaping into bed with Billie Joe. They laid next to each other, their faces inches apart. Billie was surprised at how happy he was.
"I-I missed you. Where have you been?" Billie asked on the verge of tears. Billie Joe felt that Fink was the only 'person' he could really talk to.