
Tree branches and thorns smacked Billie's face as he ran through the dark woods. His arms still tied behind his back, he ran as fast as he could. Trying to get away from the police officers that would soon be close behind, Billie Joe took sharp turns and slid down hills.
Pain shot up his body every time his feet pounded on the ground. He couldn't see where he was going, causing him to run into trees more than often.
Billie Joe hesitantly glanced behind him. He was afraid that looking back would slow him down, but it made him go faster. Adrenaline pumped through his veins causing him to feel like he could run a marathon.
Not far behind him was a group of seven police officers with flashlights searching for Billie. They didn't seem to be paying attention to any tracks, making Billie Joe's efforts to throw them off a waste.
Billie tried to hush his loud pants. He didn't want the cops to have any kind of suspicion as to where he was. He gulped down the fear that was creeping up his throat.
His lungs burned, obviously not having any reaction to the adrenaline, but he kept running. He couldn't stop. He just couldn't.
"Spread out men! It's the only way to find this fucker before he gets too far. All meet back at the squad cars in fifteen minutes. If you find him, don't let him get away again," the police officer said.
The determination in his voice scared Billie Joe. It freaked him out even more when he realized that they were pretty close considering he could hear what he was saying.
Heavy foots steps started towards Billie indicating that they had spread out.
A quick idea came to Billie's head that he should climb a tree and wait until they go back to their cars in fifteen minutes, but he then mentally slapped himself for the thought. There was no way he was climbing up a tree with his arms handcuffed.
So he kept running. Twigs snapped beneath his feet making him cringe, but the officers were too far away to hear. His lungs continued to burn and Billie began to taste blood in his throat. The adrenaline was telling him go, but his lungs told him stop.
After killing ten minutes running in a straight line into the woods from the cops, Billie Joe decided he couldn't take it anymore. He needed a break. He needed to rest.
But Billie wasn't going to take the risk of being caught. He listened to what Fink said, and he ran.
There was still about five minutes left on the search for Billie Joe. This made Billie relieved, but he knew the search would continue into the morning and over the next few days.
Giving up on finding Billie Joe for the night, the cops headed back to their cars. Billie finally relaxed from his tense stand point. This made Billie finally stop running as he decided to rest up against a tree.
He slid down the rough bark and sat down. His legs burned along with his lungs, and sweat poured down his face. Not to mention the pain coming from his wrists. Billie panicked when he thought about how he was going to get the handcuffs off.
Billie Joe's shoes sat in from of him untied and his jeans were ripped from the sharp tree branches. He closed his eyes and let out a shaky breathe. He was thankful that he didn't have heavy legs from his fear like he did in his nightmares.
The sound of slow, sarcastic claps startled Billie causing him to straighten his posture and open his wide eyes. He rested all of his body weight his arms that were cuffed behind him.
"Wow, wow, wow. Would you look at that? Billie boy did it. He got away," Fink said, continuing to clap.