
He took Billie Joe's hand and began to rub the back of Billie's hand with his thumb. Billie pulled his hand away from Mike in a fearful manner. This confused Mike. Billie Joe would always ask to hold Mike's hand during his attacks. He said it helped him having Mike there.
Mike lifted his gaze up to Billie's face. It glistened in the moonlight because of all the sweat sitting on his skin. He saw Billie Joe roll his eyes back while his eyelids drooped. Mike knew Billie was starting to feel the dizziness.
"Hey. Just breathe Bill. You're making this worse for yourself."
Billie continued to gasp for air at uneven rates. His body continued to tremble and his tears continued to fall.
Mike suddenly took Billie Joe's face into his hands. With both hands resting on either side of Billie's soft features, Mike looked into his eyes. The green had darkened and was washed out by the redness around his pupil. His eyes were glossy and almost doll like in Mike's gaze. They were filled with confusion and fear.
"Look at me Billie Joe. You're going to be fine. You just need to breathe. You'll get through this, I know you will," Mike said. The tone in his voice was deafeningly serious.
Billie looked back at Mike halfheartedly. Suddenly he began gagging. His body convulsed while he looked like he was going to be sick at any moment. The gagging got worse, and he started to shift his body weight uncomfortably.
"Billie. I need you to calm down. You're having a really bad attack. Trust me, you're not going to throw up. It's just the nausea," Mike assured.
Mike couldn't help but tear up at his friends reaction to the panic attack. This might be his worse on yet. He's had plenty growing up, Mike had come to notice, but none were this bad.
Instinctively, Mike moved his hands to Billie's hair and started to run his fingers through the locks. His hair felt filthy under Mike's hands, but Mike couldn't care any less. The only thing he cared about in that moment was getting his friend out of his attack. It was easy to tell that Billie Joe relaxed a little under this gesture. Mike was making him feel comfortable.
"See? You're okay buddy," Mike whispered.
Billie's eyes lifted up to Mike's. His dull look showed confusion and fear. Mike knew that Billie was so out of it, that he didn't know who Mike was.
"It's me, Bill. It's Mike."
The look in Billie's face changed in an instant. His features relaxed while some of his panic remained.
"Mikey?" Billie croaked.
Mike broke down. He pulled Billie Joe's head to his shoulder and cradled him. Mike rested his head against Billie's and sobbed profusely. The tears that were held in for days began to leave from his eyes with no warning. Although the dirtiness of Billie Joe's hair was unmistakable, Mike could still smell the natural scent of Billie in his arms. He took in deep breaths while kissing his head over and over. It was such a relief to hear Billie say Mike's name. For a second there, Mike thought he lost him forever.
He pulled Billie Joe away from his shoulder and looked into his eyes.
"Yes. Yes, it's me. I'm here Billie," Mike said and wiped away Billie Joe's tears.
Billie flinched at the pain caused by his bruises and cut on his face. Mike still doesn't know how they got there.
But none of that mattered. After days of the police searching for Billie, Mike found him. He didn't care if what he did to Tré was absolutely mental. He only cared that he had Billie Joe again. Right here, in his arms.
For a few short moments, he had Billie back.