
By the time that Mike made it back to his house, Billie Joe had fallen asleep in his arms. Faint snores came from the small man. Mike assumed that he must not have gotten much sleep for the past couple of days, considering he was in so much pain.
Mike paused before he went up his first porch step. He suddenly remembered that he left just before Britney was done with dinner. He started to panic, wondering what she will think of him protecting a prisoner.
"Fuck," Mike muttered.
He took the steps one at a time. Billie stirred at the movement, but ended up settling back into his much needed sleep.
Mike rang the doorbell with his knee. His arms burned from carrying Billie Joe all the way home. It wasn't that he was heavy or anything, it was just that...wait. Mike took a second to consider how thin Billie was. He could tell just by looking at him that he's lost almost twenty pounds. His collarbones jutted out of his skin and he looked paler than usual. Mike sighed in sympathy.
He was knocked out of his thoughts when he heard Britney unlocking the door. She stared at him with wide eyes. Britney took a step back and covered her mouth with her small hands. Tears rimmed on her eyes.
"Britney, I need to you listen to me. We have to help him. I can't let him go to prison," Mike croaked on the verge of tears.
"Have you lost your mind?!"
"Shhh! He's sleeping. I'm going to put him in the guest bedroom," Mike hissed and moved past Britney.
Before going up the lengthy stairs to the guest bedroom, Mike cautiously looked around for his kids. He didn't want them to see what he was doing. He didn't want to scare them.
Britney silently closed the door. A whimper escaped her lips as she ran to get a tissue. Mike knew it upset her to see Billie like this too.
Mike was thankful that the door was open to the guest bedroom so he wouldn't have to find a way to open it without a free hand. He flipped the light on with his shoulder and made his way over to the made bed. He gently set Billie Joe down and smoothed his hair back.
"You're not going to let him go to bed being so filthy are you?" Britney called from the doorway.
"I guess I'll wake him to clean him up a bit," Mike said turning to look a Britney. She hesitantly nodded and went towards their bedroom. Mike heard the door click shut.
Gently, not wanting to scare Billie, Mike shook his shoulders.
"Come on Bill. Wake up," Mike whispered.
Suddenly Billie Joe's eyes snapped open. They were filled with self defense. His lounged his hands towards Mike's neck and narrowed his eyes. Billie squeezed his hands together trying to choke Mike. Mike grabbed Billie's arms in an effort to pry them off. He let out a small choking noise.
Billie Joe's eyes immediately changed from fear to guilt and sorrow. Tears showed in his eyes and his face screwed up. He slowly released his grip from Mike's neck and brought his hands to his face. He shamefully sobbed into his hands as Mike coughed away the shock.
Mike gasped, greatly thankful for being able to breathe again. After catching his breath that was once taken from him, he looked over to Billie. He was sobbing into his hands. His body slumped over in his baggy sweatshirt as he trembled. He looked so...broken.
Mike reached out and laid a hand on Billie's shoulder.
"I'm sorry, Mike. I...I thought you were someone trying to...to hurt me," Billie Joe managed.
Mike wrapped an arm around Billie's thin shoulders and pulled him into his lap. Billie winced at the gesture of moving his lower region. He was still in pain from being used for someone else's pleasure.