
He sat slumped over holding the fork in his hand and glared at the lasagna. The boys didn't seem to notice, but Adrienne looked at him with a worried glance.
Billie Joe stayed in his same position, despite Adie's concern and the rumble in his stomach. He clenched his teeth and a lump formed in his throat. No, he couldn't cry. He was going to eat his dinner and he was going to eat it NOW.
No, no he can't eat it. He can't eat. But he's hungry. He can't eat. But he's hungry. NO, he can't eat. A constant fight went on inside of his head, for once not with the voice, but with himself. His hand began shaking and he took deep breaths while trying to concentrate on opening his mouth. Should he eat?
"Fuck..." Billie mumbled to himself. It was too quiet for the boys to hear, but Adrienne heard and she turned to looked at him.
Billie Joe felt ashamed when the first tear fell out of his welled up eyes. He didn't want to cry. He wasn't a coward. The voice is not right, Billie isn't a coward.
His tears felt otherwise. They streamed down his face one after the other. The shaking of his hand increased and he didn't know if Joey and Jakob noticed. He prayed that they didn't, but he knew that Adrienne did. Everyone was halfway done with their food by now.
"Billie Joe? Are you alright?" Adrienne asked. Her husband's actions were scaring her.
Billie snapped his head up to look at Adie deep in the eyes.
"C-Can I be excused?" Billie asked, his voice shaking.
"You haven't even touched your food," Adrienne responded completely confused.
"I know," Billie said just above a whisper as he stood from the table and headed towards his room. He stomped his way through the hall over towards the steps. Adrienne chased after him, leaving the kids at the table.
Before Billie could make it up one step, Adrienne grabbed his wrist. He froze, but didn't turn around.
"Baby, what's wrong? You always eat dinner."
Billie cringed at her words. Yes, he did always eat dinner. But dinner was what is making him fat. Overweight. Useless.
"I don't need dinner," Billie lied. His stomach desperately rumbled for food, but he ignored it.
"What are you talking about? You're basically skin and bones-"
"Don't you fucking lie to me!" Billie snapped turning around to look at Adrienne. She jumped back in shock.
"I weigh more than you think Adrienne. I-I'm fucking fat," Billie whispered.
Adrienne's mouth gaped in disbelief. How could Billie possibly think he's fat? He is so small.
Billie Joe angrily yanked his hand out of Adrienne's.
"Just...just leave me alone," Billie said and made his way up the stairs. Adie watched for a few seconds before turning away and heading back to the dinner table.
What happened next made Billie sob into his hands.
"Mommy?" Joey asked.
"Yes?"
"Is Daddy okay?"
"I don't know Joey. I really don't know..."