
Over the past few days, Mike has been annoyed with Billie because he won't tell him what is wrong. He's mad because he won't tell him what could kill him. He kept saying that he would never let such a thing happen to Billie Joe, but how could Mike protect Billie from himself?
The voice had been popping in every once in awhile and brought up the same topics as usual. It wasn't something that Billie thought was enjoyable, but it was better than being alone.
After getting out of a nice long shower that relaxed his tense muscles, Billie decided to weigh himself. It wasn't something he did because he felt as though he was overweight, he just did it because it's nice to check to make sure you're on a healthy diet.
Without second guessing it, he stepped on the scale. It read 140.2 pounds. Billie lifted his eyebrows. Not that bad.
Wow, what a fat ass.
"What?" Billie asked, genuinely concerned. He thought that 140 was a healthy weight for a short man. If anything he was underweight.
Do I even have to say it? 140 pounds! That's a lot of weight Billie Joe.
"It is not. I'm as light as a feather," Billie said as he thought back to all the times he's been easily lifted by fans. Some of them being girls.
That's what you think. That's a lot of weight for a man so small. It's not like you have any muscle.
Billie Joe frowned and looked at his biceps.
It happens to everyone Billie boy. It's part of getting older. Your metabolism goes down and you put on a few pounds, but you've got it bad.
"What do you mean?"
You gained more weight than usual. You're getting fat.
"No, no I'm perfectly fine. I'm healthy," Billie mumbled as he turned to look at himself in the mirror.
What do you think the fans will think when they see you like this Billie? Isn't it embarrassing for you?
"For fucks sake, 140 pounds is a normal weight," Billie said, although he felt as though the voice's words may be true.
I think it's what you eat Billie boy. Eating is the main issue for people who are overweight. You eat TOO much. You might want to cut back.
"I..." Billie started.
Maybe you should try skipping a few meals. Besides, your family doesn't need you hogging all the food and being annoyingly at the dinner table.
"I don't hog all the food. Adrienne doesn't complain."
Because she doesn't want to be rude. You're a selfish pig. Consider letting them eat dinner alone.
"No, I want to eat with my family," Billie Joe fought back.
Just think about it Billie boy. Let them have some peace.
Billie Joe huffed and made his way downstairs to the dinner table. He didn't want what the voice said to get to his head. He knew he wasn't overweight, but something about the intimidating tone of the voice made him believe its words.
As Billie walked into the kitchen and saw Adrienne putting lasagna on the table, he tried to push the conversation aside.
Joey and Jakob sat at the opposite side of the table from Billie and Adrienne. Billie Joe distantly pecked Adrienne on the lips and mumbled a thank you.
Everyone started eating and began a conversation about school. Billie didn't hear any of it. He still hasn't touched his food.