
The next day Billie sat at the kitchen table with a bowl of cereal sat in front of his blank face. He's only taken a few bites, and he wasn't planning on taking anymore. He knew weight loss was soon to follow, but he couldn't control his nervous tick.
He stared out the window thinking over what he had seen that day. Seeing Fink in real life wasn't something he was expecting to happen anytime soon, if at all.
Obviously, no one could see Fink. He was just as visible in real life as he was in Billie Joe's head. The frustrating part was that Billie had no control on him in the real world, just like in his mind.
Many questions popped into Billie's thoughts after having Fink try to teasingly cut off his air supply. What happened that gave Fink the ability to appear in his world? Was Fink actually there? Since Fink isn't existent in real life terms, could he kill Billie Joe if he tried? Now that he's been in the real world, will he appear instead of talking in Billie's head?
These questions with unknown answers made Billie Joe feel nauseous. He stood from the table and washed the remainder of his breakfast down the sink, which ended up being a fairly large amount.
He started to make his way to the steps in order to go to his room. Before he could grab the railing, someone knocked on the front door.
"Why? Why does this happen to me?" Billie sarcastically said to himself. He was actually pretty happy to finally have some company.
Billie Joe reached for the door knob, twisted, and pulled to reveal a much needed face. Mike.
Billie instantly lit up and his eyes filled with excitement as he saw his lifelong friend standing on his doorstep with his hands in his pockets. It began to get lonely not having Mike around to laugh with. A smile played across Billie Joe's face as he lunged himself towards Mike.
"Mikey," Billie forced out before he broke down in tears. Mike had left him. He left him all alone.
"Oh Billie Joe. What happened to you?" Mike said as he could feel Billie's ribs protruding against his chest. He could easily tell that Billie Joe had lost weight since he's last seen him.
Billie pulled away.
"What happened to me? What happened to you?! Why did you leave me? Why haven't you called? I missed you Mike..." Billie Joe managed to get out.
Mike didn't respond and only brushed back Billie's curls off his forehead. Billie closed his eyes and let out a sigh. He knew why Mike has been ignoring him. He thinks he's crazy. No, he knows he's crazy.
As if it were his own home, Mike walked right into Billie's welcoming space. He took a deep breath in through his nose and began to appreciate the smell of Billie's house. It smelled just like him: fresh and new.
Mike sat himself down on Billie Joe's couch and waited as Billie's short legs followed. Billie Joe swiftly made it over to Mike.
Billie sat himself down in Mike's lap. He laid his head against Mike's chest and listened to his steady heartbeat. Mike reached up and played with Billie's hair, something he always did with him as a kid. At times it felt strange being that Billie was older, but it always felt natural to them for Billie to be the baby.
"Something's wrong with me Mikey," Billie Joe mumbled as he played with the drawstrings of Mike's hoody.
"What do you mean?" Mike asked. He knew what Billie meant by that, but he wanted him to elaborate on what is making him go so crazy.
Billie sat his chin on Mike's shoulder and looked at him with his piercing green eyes. They were rimmed with tears.