
Billie's obsession with losing weight was beginning to get out of hand. It's become more of a habit than anything. Billie Joe oftentimes forgets to eat and ends up skipping meals. Over the course of four days he lost six pounds, and it definitely wasn't needed.
Sometimes Adrienne would find Billie in the bathroom lying down in the bathtub rocking himself. He would mumble about suicide, weight, and his sanity.
Adrienne considered getting help, but every time she mentioned it Billie Joe would get upset.
It wasn't always easy to see Billie in the condition he was in, but she knew she had to be there for him. Mike and Tré have been avoiding him.
Soon Adrienne decided it would be better if she and the boys went to visit her parents for a few days.
Billie knew it was because she thought he was crazy, or at least that's what he inferred. He couldn't blame her though. Who would want to be around someone who talks to a voice in their head?
With nothing else to do while being alone in his own home, Billie Joe decided to practice his guitar. He hasn't touched the thing in days considering Mike and Tré have left him hanging.
He rose from the couch and walked up his lengthy stairs. Pictures of him and the family hung on the walls as he passed by. Sometimes they made him cry because he knew his family would never be the same.
Eventually he made it to his practice room, and his eyes instantaneously landed on his prized possession: Blue. Nowadays he's been using other guitars, and he hasn't been playing the rich sound of the guitar he's had since he was eleven.
He picked it up by the neck and slung the strap over his head.
Just as a beginner, he tried to play the chords to Basket Case. It didn't go as smoothly as he had anticipated. His hand shook and he couldn't play the chords on time. Slip ups and start overs began to make him extremely frustrated.
"Fucking hell," Billie muttered through gritted teeth.
Another note out of key.
"Shit!" Billie Joe shouted.
He couldn't take it anymore. He missed a few days and now he was getting this. Next thing you know he'll be throwing amps across the room.
Billie sat forward and put his face in his hands. He shamefully listened to his angered breaths. Why was he letting something so small get to him?
Suddenly a loud clank came from the kitchen. It sounded as though a glass fell on the floor, or maybe even thrown on the floor.
Billie began to panic. Adrienne and the kids were gone. No one else has a key to his place. Who would be in his house?
"Hello?" Billie Joe called. He knew it was a stupid thing to do, but for all he knew it could be Tré sneaking in through his window.
He slowly stood to his feet and tiptoed out of the room. Billie hesitantly peaked around the corner. No sight of anyone.
Billie Joe quickly but quietly made his way down the stairs, taking light feathery steps. He peaked around the banister of his steps. No one in sight.
"Hello?"
Nothing.
Billie walked into the kitchen and undoubtedly saw the glass cup on the floor. He snapped his head up and frantically looked around the room. Someone had to have done this.
Billie cautiously stepped into the living room. Scarily, the TV was turned off. He knew for sure that he had left it on for comforting sounds in the background while being alone.