
Billie heard Fink's footsteps coming closer to him than he wanted. Undoubtedly, Fink ran his hands along the couch as he made it to the spot Billie Joe was curled up in. His gloves caught Billie's eye, causing him to slowly lift his gaze up to the one thing that scares him most in this world. Fink stared back with a look of victory. He was happy that Billie was scared.
Tears started streaming down Billie's face as he shook. He was scared of what was going to happen to him. What was going to happen to his family. What was going to happen to Green Day.
Eventually, Fink crouched down in front of Billie Joe and slowly wiped away his tears. A quick look of sympathy for Billie showed on his face, but it didn't last very long. Soon he was back to the intimidating smirk that casually played across his face.
"Don't cry Billie boy. It's not over yet. You still have time to do something about this," Fink said wearing a straight face as he smoothed Billie's hair away from his face.
Billie Joe pulled his eyebrows together at Fink's comment. Of course it's over. It's all over. Tré knows and he's going to tell everyone Billie has ever known. The fans will know in no time, and he'll be thrown in a mental home before he knows it.
"What do you mean Fink? It is over. There's nothing left I-I can do," Billie struggled to get out.
Fink rubbed his black lips together. He began to run finger across Billie's jawbone, tracing his face. He seemed to ignore Billie Joe's confusion. The back of his hand rubbed Billie's cheek as he sighed.
"I hate to be nice to you. In fact..." Fink said as he violently grabbed Billie Joe's hair and started to pull so hard, Billie felt like his skin was going to split.
"I can't be nice to you," Fink said as he held his hand to Billie's head while getting up in the couch and straddling him.
He pulled his face so close to Billie Joe's that he could see the brown specks in his eyes.
"So I'm going to give you one choice."
Billie swallowed and whimpered from the pain that Fink was causing him. He squeezed his eyes shut, just about to pass out from how hard Fink was pulling his hair.
"Tré probably hasn't called anyone yet. And if he did, they probably don't believe him," Fink grinned.
Billie Joe clenched his teeth.
"And there's only one way to stop him from telling everyone. There's only one way to stop Tré from sending you into an asylum. And do you know, what that one way is Billie boy?"
Billie shook his head no.
Fink got closer to Billie Joe. Their foreheads were so closed they were touching, and Billie could feel Fink's gentle curls brushing up against his head.
After a long awaited answer, Fink finally spoke.
"You have to kill him."