
"Look Bill, I didn't ask him," Mike confessed.
Billie shook his head back and forth and looked away from Mike. The lump in his throat grew. He self consciously rubbed his burns while looking out the window of the bedroom.
"I'm sorry. I didn't want to lie to you, but I just couldn't ask Tré that. If I did, he would know that I have you here. You do understand how much trouble I could get in for hiding you right?"
Billie Joe nodded.
"Now I know that Tré would most likely not tell anyone that I have you, but you never know who could hear. I just don't want you to go to jail," Mike finished.
Billie turned his face back to Mike. He narrowed his eyes before he spoke.
"Are you sure you're just doing this for me?" Billie Joe growled.
"What are you talking about-"
"I'm not stupid Mike. You aren't trying to keep me from going to jail. You're trying to keep yourself from going to jail. Fink told me."
"Who the fuck is Fink?" Mike asked.
"Don't talk about him!" Billie screamed pointing a finger at Mike. Mike leaned back, scared by Billie Joe's sudden anger.
"Billie Joe, this isn't about me. This is about you. I'm trying to keep you from being thrown in a prison-"
"Just stop! Stop please! I can't take this anymore!" Billie screamed pulling at his hair.
Mike grabbed Billie Joe's hands before he could rip too much hair out of his head. He held his small, frail arms down in his laps while tears formed in his eyes. He couldn't believe that Billie would think that he would do that.
"Don't pull your hair out, Bill-"
"Why the fuck do you care?! Why do you care about me when I'm so broken?! All I am is a pain in your ass!" Billie Joe said, now sobbing.
"I don't know why you're feeling this way Billie," Mike croaked.
Billie continued to sob, not comprehending Mike's words. He started to slightly rock himself back and forth while Mike held his arms like he's in a straight jacket.
"You know I don't feel that way Billie Joe. I don't care if I go to jail for hiding you. I only care if you go to jail," Mike assured Billie.
Billie nodded.
"I care about you so much. You're my best friend," Mike continued.
"I'm so sorry Mikey," Billie Joe sobbed.
Mike brushed Billie's hair off his sweaty forehead. Billie closed his eyes in shame. Mike felt pity for him.
"There's nothing for you to be sorry about."
Billie fell forward into Mike's arms and started to cry even harder. Mike started to cry as well. He wrapped his arms around Billie Joe's shaking body and brought him into his lap. Billie let him. He pulled Billie Joe into a much needed, tight hug. Mike didn't expect what happened next to happen in a million years.
Billie Joe hugged back.