
Is that right? Well, let be ask you something Billie boy. What did you start doing to yourself when I wouldn't respond?
Billie's mind flashed back to when he dug his nails in his hands and clenched his teeth.
Exactly. I may be cruel, but I'm helping you.
"If you're helping me, then why are you ruining my life? Why are you causing me to second guess everything I do? Why did you tell me some day I will die because of you?"
Oh I only said that because you will. Eventually I will get to you, and you'll be begging someone to snap your neck. You'll want it to be over. You'll WANT to die. I just have to make sure that you knew what you had to know in life, which is that you're not perfect. Life isn't perfect or fair. I want you to die knowing that you lived a good life.
"It's impossible to love a good life with you here," Billie mumbled.
If I recall, you were just begging me to come back a few minutes ago.
"I was lonely."
You were being a coward.
"I am not a coward!"
Coward.
"FUCK YOU!" Billie Joe shouted.
Billie instantly wanted to take it back. Mike walked in on Billie rocking himself back and forth shouting at something that only existed in his head. He started to wish the voice would just leave again.
"Billie Joe?" Mike asked.
Billie wanted to stop, but he kept rocking himself. A harsh shiver ran up his spine and his eyes were wide with fear.
"Are you okay buddy?" Mike asked walking over to Billie.
Billie Joe waited to Mike to come over and start rubbing his back and tell him it's okay, but Mike didn't do that. Mike kept his distance. He carefully eyed the small, helpless boy and couldn't help but feel threatened.
Billie finally turned his head towards Mike with swollen red eyes. Mike almost gasped with shock. Billie had dark bags under his puffy eyes and his hair was a greasy mess. He was wearing the same clothes that Mike saw him three days ago in.
"Mikey," Billie croaked before he lunged himself towards his only trusted person on the planet.
Mike hesitated, but eventually wrapped his arms around Billie. Mike was confused and frightened by his friend, but he stayed by his side no matter what. He wanted to know if Billie...was going mad.
"What's happening to you Bill?" Mike choked out as he began to cry. He moved one hand away from Billie's waist and cupped his dark hair. He slowly moved his finger through his hair, ignoring the fact that it was so dirty.
"I-I can't tell you Mike," Billie muffled into Mike's shirt, moving closer to Mike.
"Why not?" Mike asked.
"It could...it could kill me," Billie whispered.
Mike pulled away and put his hands on Billie's shoulders and looked into Billie's eyes. Their happy green shine had faded to a unfriendly dark shade of green.
Billie Joe hesitated, but finished.
"And it's all my fault."