
"But you have to do everything that I say," Fink said as he grabbed Billie Joe's wrist and sawed them with the cuffs. Billie let out a small whimper causing the cop to glance at him from the front.
"The only way to get out of this is to run. You have to escape Billie. You have to get away," Fink said as he watched Billie in pain with intimidating eyes.
Billie Joe nodded.
"Now you listen to me. That bastard cop forgot to lock your door like a dumb ass. If you can somehow pull the handle, you can ram your shoulder into the door, make it open, and run for your fucking life."
Fink dug Billie Joe's wrist even closer to the metal that was keeping him in stuck an uncomfortable position.
"There's an area with a patch of grass coming up in about a mile. That's your best chance of getting out of this car without killing yourself," Fink growled into Billie's ear.
"If you can't open that door by the time we get to that patch of grass, you're out of luck. You'll be going to prison without a doubt."
At that thought, Billie started to work on the handle with his shoulder. He pounded his shoulder into it over and over until he was sure he was going to have a bruise. The hardest part was trying to stay quiet so that the cop wouldn't notice.
Finally, Billie gave up on his shoulder and started to use his elbow. This pulled his left shoulder causing it to burn more while also running the cuffs against his raw wrist. They started to bleed.
Billie Joe was running out of time. The patch of grass was coming up, and if he didn't make it, it's all over.
"Come on kid. You can't go to prison. You just can't," Fink said. There was a hint of encouragement in his voice, but it was overpowered by the his aggravation.
Just when Billie thought that all hope was lost, the handle opened. This drew attention towards the cop because the lights in the car turned on.
"You little fucker!" the cop growled.
"Go Billie boy! Ram your shoulder into that door and run! It's your only chance!" Fink shouted.
Billie did just that. He pushed the door open with one shove of his shoulder. The car door flew open and revealed the ground quickly passing by. He saw the grass coming up and waited for it to arrive before he jumped to what could be his death.
When the grass came into sight, Billie Joe launched himself out of the cop car and fell into the grass. His knee scratched the road. He began to roll and roll along the road before tumbling down a long hill into the dark woods. His hands were still cuffed behind his back making him unable to break his fall. Grass, rocks, and dirt hit his face as he came to the bottom of the hill. Unable to stop, he landed on his chest, knocking the wind out of him. Paying no attention to the fact that he had no air in his lungs, he rose to his feet and let out a cough of pain. He heard the cop car screech to a stop from the top of the hill he escaped down. Billie Joe didn't hesitate for one moment.
He ran.