
Billie spent the rest of that day appreciating the fact that his arms were free from the position they were in. The only down side was when he would flinch at any possible sound. He heard occasional helicopters flying overhead, but he instinctively hid under an abandoned log.
While journeying through the woods, he couldn't help but wonder how Tré was doing. He hasn't quite registered what he's done, but he knows how serious the situation was. The whole state was on the lookout for him, so he knew he would be found in no time.
Sometimes he wished he would've told a professional about his "problem" instead of Tré. It might have kept the whole thing from happening at all.
When Billie Joe finally made it out of the woods, he found himself in the city. It wasn't a busy one of course, considering they lived in "Bordeo", but he still kept his face hidden behind a dark hoodie.
People undoubtedly gave him suspicious stares, but they brushed it off when they decided to mind their own business.
Billie Joe saw newspaper clippings and television reports informing citizens on the search for him as he walked down the cracked cement sidewalk.
Whenever he started to get worried about being caught, he ducked into an alley. He didn't think twice about how dangerous they were during they day. Billie carelessly didn't even do a double take when it got dark.
Ignoring the warnings that he's been told by many, he chose to sleep in an empty alleyway for the night. He would wake up early tomorrow morning to get another start on the run from the authorities, and maybe even to grab some food. It's been three days since he's eaten a crumb.
Billie scrapped his handcuffs against the brick wall as he headed towards his spot for the night. The alley was cold and had graffiti from one corner to the other. He wasn't worried about this though. He had gotten in many fights before he dropped out of high school, and he knew how to defend himself.
He plopped himself down in the dark back corner of the alley. The single light that was in the alley was nowhere near enough to light up the whole space. It helped Billie Joe get more comfortable in his position. He curled himself up in a ball just like he always did when he slept.
Just as he was out to drift off to sleep, he felt a severely painful kick to his ribs. He bolted upright to catch the breath that was knocked out of his lungs.
"What do you think you're doing here little faggot?" the voice growled in Billie Joe's face.
He squinted up at the predator only to be punched in the nose. The warm blood started to trickle down his face and into his mouth. He spit the metallic taste away from his lips.
"So you don't wanna answer huh? Well that'll just make this a lot easier for me," he grinned. Billie could smell the cheap alcohol in his breath.
The abuser grabbed Billie Joe harshly by his hair and dragged him up the wall. His cuffs scraped the brick all the way up until he was in a standing position. The sound caught the man's attention.
"I know who you are. You're that little fucker that their trying to find for attempted murder," he snarled.
He brought his fist back and made contact with Billie's jaw. Billie Joe swore he heard a crack as he fell to the ground. Blood filled his mouth once again. No more words came from the man as he bent down to Billie's level and shook him while his head repeatedly hit the wall. Billie Joe started to get dizzy, so he began worrying that he had gotten a concussion.
The man slapped Billie across the face sure to leave a mark. Billie Joe was silent the whole way through. Although the was going through so much pain, he felt like he deserved it. For all that Tré has done for him, just for him to almost kill him in return made him feel sick.