
He stood and began to sway his hips while making his way around the practice room. His hands were hidden by gloves with the fingers cut out as they traced the walls. Fink wrapped his fingers around in wires that were connected to a microphone. His soft foot steps were the only sound in the room. Billie's gasping has subsided.
"I would suggest that you be extra nice to me, considering I'm the only person you have left to talk to," Fink said while he plucked a string on the acoustic guitar leaning against the wall.
"That's not true..." Billie Joe said trailing off. He knew that Fink was right.
"Really? Well as far as I'm concerned, Mike and Tré left you, Adrienne left with the kids, and you've had no contact with anyone in the past two weeks. I think you're alone here."
Billie stared at his Elvis poster hanging on the wall in the far corner. He couldn't make eye contact with Fink.
"What's happened to you Billie?" Fink asked with a smirk playing across his face.
You! You happened to me, Billie thought. He didn't say it out loud.
Fink turned around and approached Billie Joe once more. His steps were quick this time, almost hurried. He held Billie up by his hair to force him to make eye contact with him. Billie squeezed his eyes shut.
"You're fucking insane," Fink snapped before letting go of Billie's hair and letting his head harshly hit the wall he was resting against. Billie Joe hissed at the pain that shot through his body. He still hasn't recovered from the choking he just experienced.
When Billie next opened his eyes, Fink was gone. He heaved a sigh of relief and started to prepare himself to stand. His legs felt weak with fear and anger.
Later that night Billie Joe checked in the mirror if Fink left any marks on his neck. He was squeezing his neck pretty hard, so he wasn't going to be surprised when he saw obvious outlines of finger prints.
But as Billie stared at himself under the fluorescent lights of his bathroom mirror, his hands traced where he still felt a slight sense of pain. He was relieved as well as confused at what he saw.
And what he saw...was nothing.