
"What's wrong mommy's princess?" She helps Cali up.
"My tummy hurts" she whines, rubbing her head in Nicki's neck.
"Oh no! What'd you eat pookie?", she says rubbing her back.
"Ice cream"
"Oh really now?" Uh oh. I'm in trouble now! "Where'd you get ice cream from California Dream Taylor?" I tried to make eye contact with Cali but she avoided my eyes with a mean little smirk on her face.
"Daddyyyy" Sh*t! I don't know why Cali finds it amusing when Nicki's mad at me but she wont be laughing when I get my hands on her and tickle the crap out of her. Okay maybe she will but y'all know what I mean.
"Jayceon!" Nicki yelled, starting Jaylen. She glared at me, if only looks could kill. Dead. N*gga. Walking.
"Huh?" I said trying to act innocent.
"Why would you give my child ice cream and you know she's lactose intolerant?!!"
"I forgot" I lied knowing that I gave it to her so she would stop throwing a tantrum over Nicki being gone.
"Can I sleep with you momma?" This little.. Urghhh!
"No you can't Cali! Mommy and I have some unfinished business to take care of.." I knew Cali was trying to get on my nerves and it was working. How am I supposed to please Nicki with a four year old laying between us? It's bad enough she has to get up every two seconds to feed Jaylen.
"You sure can pooh bear!" As Nicki pecks her cheek, she looks up at me almost as if to say 'You done f*cked up, Game'.
A few hours later, I got done watching a game with King so I put him to bed and headed to bed with Nicki. She was asleep but I know once she realises what I want, she g'on be wide awake.
"Baby.." I climbed on top of her and sucked on her neck making her moan in her sleep.
"Mmm baby stahhp" she smiled and moaned trying to ignore my seduction attempts. I continued to eat her neck and collar bone as my hands roamed her body.
"Jayyy" She rose up and pushed me off of her.
"What?" I looked at her confused and she looked down at the bed causing my eyes to follow hers and peek under the blankets.
"Boo!" Cali jumped out from the covers. I jumped a little while she laughed at me but then my face quickly morphed into a frown.
"Cali.. Why aren't you in bed?" I picked her up and she played with my beard.
"Cause I wanna sleep with my mommy." I sighed, put her down and squatted to her level.
"How old are you Cali?"
"I'm three!" she exclaimed proudly and held up three fingers.
"Add one more." I pulled up her pinky finger and she counted them.
"One, two, three, four. I'm four!"
"Yes so doesn't that mean you're a big girl now?"
"Yeeesssss"
"And big girls don't sleep with their mommies, only babies."
"I'm not a baby!" She folded her arms and pouted.
"I know you're not a baby so what you gotta do?"
"I gonna go to my room and sleep like a big girl!" she squealed excitedly.
"Good girl!" I stood up and took her hand and led her to her room where I tuck her in and kissed her goodnight.