
**Game POV**
Nicki left me at home with the kids all day knowing I have not a clue as to what to do with a seven year old, a four year old and a ten month old.
"Jay don't put that in your mouth!" I said to my baby girl Brooklyn Jaylen Eternity Taylor. She's the only child that I have with Nicki biologically but Nicki treats all my kids as her own. Just as I began to lust over my beautiful wife, she walked through the door.
"Baby! I'm home", she yelled, waking Cali up.
"Mommy!", King and Cali attack her with hugs and kisses.
"Hi baby bears! Where's daddy?", she says taking off her shoes and looking around.
"He's right here", I walked in and smiled. She then sighed in relief and kissed me deeply.
"Ewwww" Cali and King scorn before running off to the play room.
"What did you do today?" Nicki said, wrapping her arms around my waist and looking up at me. Compared to me, she's a dwarf so she finds herself having to look up to me a lot. I couldn't help but peck her tiny lips before answering her.
"Watch the kids, the usual.." I was about to ask about her day when I was interrupted by her breaking our hug and running into the living room.
"Did one of those kids happen to be Jaylen?!!", she screamed at me as she tried to pry something out of Jaylen's mouth?
"OUT! Now Jaylen!" Jaylen spit out a piece of candy I'm hoping she didn't find on the ground.
"Aaaaaaaahhhhh!!!" The thing with Jaylen is that one does not simply "take" something from her. She'll throw the biggest fit in the history of tantrums and the only person who can stop it is Nicki.
"Yesshhh mama I know" Nicki cooed in a baby voice. She picked her up and bounced her until she starts to calm down.
"Watching the kids right?" Nicki said as she looked at me in disgust and walked to Jaylen's nursery.
"But baby I was!" I said, following her. I figured talking to her now was a bad idea because once she goes into Jaylen's room, it's usually to put her to sleep and she hates when any "negative energy" is around her while Jaylen's sleeping.
"What did the kids eat?", she asked as she sat in the rocking chair.
"Tacos and apples for lunch and carrot and celery sticks for a snack"
"Did Maria cook dinner?" she asked focusing on feeding the baby.
"No, I told her not to bother because I wanted to wait till you get home so we can order out." I said picking up Jaylen's bib and putting it on her. I loved watching Nicki nurse Jaylen. It's just calming to see that mother/daughter bond they have while she feeds her. It makes me want to give Nicki a hundred more kids just to see this moment again.
"Slow down mami!" she cooed as she pat Jaylen's back. She usually eats ten times faster when Nicki leaves for the day because I guess she's trying to savour the moment.
"So whatchu ordering?"
"Popeyes I guess."
"Oh okay. You alright though?"
"Yeah.." She sighs. "I just had a lawnggggg day" She shrugged.
I bent over and whispered in her ear and she giggled uncontrollably making Jaylen stir in her sleep. And, as usual, whenever it starts getting heated between us, the kids always show up to interrupt..
"Mommyyyy" Cali whines as she tries to get on Nicki's lap.