
Part 2: losses and gains
I gulped, I made my eyes sparkle with confusion to buy time. As Scott broke it down I looked over to angle. 'Don't be afraid, you may lose them but you gain courage' she mouthed. I nodded and took a breath.
"---so in other words do you like men?" Scott finished. I'm going to do it! I won't his any more.
"Yes" I said, as in a trance staring at angle.
"What? Are you listening!" I nodded. Scott took a step back a bit while Dylan, Lem and kyle whispered to each other. Now I felt bad for all the kids we had put down, I was about to be one of them.
"What you gonna do about it? Knock me down and call me fag?!" I hissed. Scott looked at the ground.
"Do you know what you just did?" Scott mummered. "Wenwere brothers, before you came out" scott chocked. I shook my head.
"If you can't except me now, we were never friends" I forced the words out. Out of all guys, I had cared about scott the most. Scotts blond hair fell over his eyes as he looked at his shoes.
"I guess it was fake then" he mumbled. Scott turned with Dylan, kyle and lem and they left.
A demon was working and hard.
~3 weeks later~
Summer vacation was a drag, I never called the guys and they never called me. No surprise. I signed and flopped on the couch. I guess I could call angle? I took my anadroid 5 phone and went to her number. It rung two times before she picked up.
"Hi Chris, how's life?" She said playfully.
"Could be better" we both laughed and went on to a pleasant conversion. "Angle I need you" I said, staring at the t.v in front of me.
"Are you alone?" I looked around me just for fun.
"Yes", she said she would be there at ten. I went to up to my bedroom and locked the door. I laid on my bed, thinking if I should have asked her. I need this, really BAD.
I heard pebbles clicking against my window. I smile when I saw angles form in the moon light. I went to let her in.
" did you change your mind?" Angle cared so much, it warned me to know she was my friend, with benefits. I shook my head and led her to my room, I knew she could turn me straight. I would love her and forget about scott. When we entered my room, a second after I closed the door, angle started kissing me. I depended the kiss, holding her waist with her grinding on me.
[WARNING SEXUAL CONTENT] YOUVE BEEN WARNED. ;-)
I moaned into her mouth, using my tounge to explore her mouth. She tasted so sweet, like candy. She tugged at my shirt and I pulled it off as she pulled hers off. Our lips locked together and I slid my tounge down her neck.
She tilted her head to given me more access. I took off her pants and her panties. I pushed her on the bed and stared down at her, she blushed. Cute.
I wasted no time in pushing into her, making her moan and arch her back. I thrusted into her, she was so freaking tight.
She called pit my name as she reached her climax it was no surprise when I spilled my hot seed into her, I rolled over on my side beside her panting. My body refused to stay awake and sleep took over.