
Part 1: pretending to be straight as a pole.....with a notch.
~chris~
"The last day or school" Lem said, waving his arms in the air. He slapped my ass, he was in hiss happy mood.
I stumbled forward and turned to glare at him. "What was that for" I huffed. I felt it.....oh shit. I need to hide, to do anything! Someone bumped into me from behind, I bumped into Lem, he turned around.
"Well Simone has a boner" he cocked his head. "So what girl you getting off on?" I just stared at him, I shifted my eyes to Scott. Oh that sexy beast. I looked over to his girlfriend, my personal enemy, and snorted.
It pained me as I watched her kiss him on his cheek, and him laughing. That should be me dammit! Lem tapped me, pulling my attention away.
"I need to ask you something." I was slightly confused.
"What?" I cocked my head to one side, raising an eyebrow.
"D-do you like men?" It felt like a slap in the face. Well you were staring at Scott like a hunk of meat dumbass. I'm so stupid just to stare. If I tell the truth, it will be like I'm plague!
"No" I chocked out. "I like...." I quickly shifted my eyes and saw a girl that would have been my type. "Angle" I said, nodding at the girl with the straight red hair. Lem followed my gaze and smiled.
"Nice crush" he mumbled. "Were all straight here right? Lem said playfully.
Nope. "Right." I chimed. I saw Scott walking towards us with his girlfriend. Great rub it in my face you sexy little...I need to stop. The school parking lot seemed to get quiet as he approached.
"Hey guys" I did a tiny wave and walked away with tight pants. I just could not stand there. I'm alone good. I look up to see Lem. Great. He stopped a few feet away.
"Lem what's up?" He didn't answer. "Lem, what's wrong?" He glared daggers at me.
"You. Like. Scott." He spat, " if you know what's good for you....drop the fag for your friends back." I felt like someone had punched me in the gut. I can't do this. My eyes got moist as I ran to my car. Yep I have a car. I looked back to see Lem walking to Dylan, scott and kyle. My face got pale as I got in my Chevy truck. I looked back in the rear view mirror to see Lem pointing at my truck.
I saw them moving towards me, I was lucky to see angle come to the drivers side.
"Hi", "hi" I opened the door and stepped down to her.
"So a little birdy told me you liked me?" I nod. She looked at my friends then back at me. "I'll help" she started.
"Help with what"? I asked confused. She nodded at my friends. "Kiss me." I couldn't do it. I'm a coward.