
~kent~
"Son, you have to work on finding your mate." I grumbled. All I ever heard this week was find your mate this......find your mate that! No one gave a damn about me.
"My brother probly got to her already" I shrugged. My brother Scott was going to some high school. My younger brother told me he had rejected his.mate in middle school.
"Well fight for her" was my dad crazy in the head. I wasnt gonna fight for some low ass human whos probly weak...hell she's probly a virgin.
"I don't want what ever chick my brother is chasing" the only use I would have of her is reproduction, that's all my mom wanted me to do, to stick my dick up that bitch's ass and make a baby.... Well fuck her.
"You will or you can kiss the alpha title goodbye! Now get your lame ass up and find her" the fuck was he calling lame ass?! I was about to make a smart report when my.mother walked in.
"Boy do what you papa says" she hissed. They both glared at me. Wow they just had to tag team a guy.
"Fuck you" I spat and walked out. "Love you too" my mom called.
~scott~
I sat lazily on the couch watching TV. This flat screen had a hundred or maybe two-hundred channels. I flipped through ten and found spongbob. I smiled at turned the volume up.
"Turn that shit off!" Dylan hissed some where behind me.
"Take your ass upstairs if you don't like it" for once let me watch spongbob in peace.
"Shit" I hear chris curse in the kitchen. "Scott, come here" I signed and pushes my self off the couch and slowly made my way to the kitchen.
"Hm?" I saw chris sitting on the counter...to me he looked sexy as hell. My eyes traveled downward... I didn't even mean too.
"Stop looking at my dick scott" chris snapped his fingers.
"I was not!" He gave me the 'yeah right' look and smiled. "I can't help it that you temp me" i purred,he snickered.
I can up to him and stood between his legs. I touched his arms and I felt the crazy sparks flying. "Are you made of electricity?" Chris cocked his head.
"Yep" I mumbled looking at his lips. He nodded and I Kisses him. He tasted so sweet like candy. He moaned in my mouth as our tounges fought for dominance. He let me win and I explored his mouth...tasting...touching.
I felt his hand travel down to swelling in my pants. My wolf was acting up...he wanted to mark our mate. He rubbed it causing me to.moan. I grinded against him kissing his neck..he tilted his head back to give me more exacess. I felt my wolf getting aroused as well and my pants getting tighter.
I cough sounded from the doorway. I groaned and turned to see dylan. That fucker.
Chris cupped my face and gave me a kiss. He jumped off the counter hissing at dylan as he went to the TV area.
"I'm not.friends with cockockers" he rolled his eyes.
"Well your friends with this one" he grinned. I'll kill him. "It was hot though" I glared at him. That fucking pervert.
I hissed a warning. He raised his hands up stepping back. "I mean no harm" he laughed.
I rolled my eyes and walked past him. Next time were alone that cockblocker better not be in the area. I thought bitterly.