
~scott~
"Dylan leave me the fuck alone" I growled. To say I was annoyed was an understatement... I wanted to kill him.
"When are you telling him your a wolf?" Dylan has been asking me this over and over again. I didn't know when.
"When are you telling kyle" I growled. He shut his mouth, kyle had cut off all contact he wasn't calling or texting... Don't get me started on lem who disappeared into thin air.
"Kyle and I aren't like that any more" he said slowly. I instantly became quiet, I felt sorry for the cockblocker.
"He'll call" I said unsure. Dylan hesitated but nodded. I watched chris wink at me, dylan shook his head chuckling. He'll be the death of me.
We have a problem. My dads beta troy mindlinked me.
What?
Come to the pack house he hissed. I looked at dylan and linked him.
Pack house.
Sure thing. He nodded and we both looked at chris.
"We have to go for a while" he fake pouted. Making us both smirk.
"OK then, be on your way" he waved us out. Haha this man. I nodded and I pushed dylan out in front of me with him grumbling something about to much pack work.
"See you later" I called to.chris as I shut the door.
~chris~
Leaving me by myself... Ah life. I sat on the couch watching the channel Scott had left it on. Spongbob of course. I chuckled he's such a kid sometime. I felt my eye lids getting heavy I fought the oncoming sleep...but I lost the war and blackness engulfed me.
~1hr later~
I moaned and turned over. Wait a minuet. With my eyes closed I stretched my arm out. I was on a bed...wasn't I on the couch?? I opened my eyes, I was in a bedroom. I yawned and sat up. Was I kidnapped? That would be cool.
I looked to see a door opening and a built looking man came in. "How the fuck is it you" he growled. I yelped and fell back on the bed. What's his problem?!
"Your a kidnapper!" I hissed. He glared at me causing me to shrink away. He let out a laugh and walked over to the bed. He grabbed my arm and I felt sparks.
"You and Scott are made of electricity" I mumbled.
"Not exactly, Scotts my younger brother" I nodded slowly. He was handsome and I felt drawn to him. I wanted to touch him. I reached my hand out and touched his face, I felt the sparks while he growled.
"A freak are we?" He snickered. I yanked my hand back and glared at him. He got on top of me and sniffed me. Sniffed me!
"I don't mind going gay" he whispered. I shivered as he kissed down my.neck. why am I letting him kiss me? Stop him you slut!
He slowly unbuttoned my shirt and kissed down my stomach. He came back up and crashed his lips on mine, his tounge dominated my mouth he slid it everywhere, he moaned and pulled back licking his lips. Electricity making it impossible to pull away.