
Part 1: never share things with your family
Summer vacation would be over soon, then I would see my ex-brothers, and old crush. "Chris come to the table, dinner" my mother. Shell, called. How would Nick and Anna take it? My sister who was a year older and my dad. I could just stay in the closet. I knew that would not work. Better heard from me than someone else.
I made my way down the stairs to the dinning area, I sat at the table and I sensed the tenseness in the air. "Someone die?" I piped up. My mom and dad came put of whatever lala land they had hitched a ride to.
"Sorry sweety, we just have a lot on our minds" my mom explained. Nick nodded in agreement. I signed and stood up, everyone eyed me.
"What you doing?" Nick had peer confusion. Written all over his face.
"To confess" I answered. My sister got looks from my parents and she shrugged.
"If its about the time you broke my t.v we don't mind."  Wtf how did he know?! Creppy much! Nick grunted from the slap he received from shell. "Tell us" he whined, shielding himself from my mother. I nodded and looked at my feet.
If you don't like it go to hell "please don't hate me, I can't change this." Nick nodded and looked at me concerned.
"Mom, D-Dad, sister im-" I was cut off by a yawn behind me. Angle walked down the stairs with a night gown. Looking delicious.
"Oh I'm sorry" my parent looked at me.
"Did you use protection?" Shell said slowly.
Opps? "I forgot" I answered sheeplishly. My dad looked ready to blow.
"Don't worry, I got it" Angel called, popping two pink pills in her mouth. "Good after 72 hours" she mumbled. My mom nodded and glared at me.
"If it makes you feel better, he was amazing" Angle looked at me playfully. My mom blushed and my dad gave me the 'yes that's my boy' look, and my sister groaned. Haha jelly much sista?
I came to her and held her waist. "Maybe we should show the brothers our new relationship" I said with a toothy grin. She nodded. "Lest see who's straight as a pole!"
Angle giggled "with a notch" she didn't just go there :D