
Part 2: out with the old and in with more old.
-------
Summer vacation came to a bone crushing end. I had made Angle my girl friend. Have you ever felt like you were being avoided? I had that feeling.
I have to say I got hotter, and I had a feeling I was going to be the popular, I decided to change the way I acted from soft to hard. My black hair got longer and my mysterious sliver eyes were bright, especially at night
I changed my name to Noah, just for kicks, Noah brooks. I thought it went with my looks. I was walking to school, I had become very built, with abbs. Fun with angle payed off :D. I had completely forgotten the gay side of me and was happy with angle.
I got to the new building, I had toured it myself last night so I knew where everything was. I had kind of a biker look, with my leather jacket, with sliver spikes on the shoulders and wrist. Black skinny jeans and a black T-shirt to match. I knew I would be the popular boy. Or at least one of them :3.
"Hello school" I mumbled, as I stepped in the school. The halls were empty. Good in the spotlight.
My first class was P.E which was my favorite class. I walked on the grounds and saw angle with some girls, and guys looking.................AT HER. Then I saw my ex-brothers. I shook my head. Pretend not to know them.
"Awe, Mr. Brooks, nice of you to join us" coach joked. Angle stared at me with lust. I nodded and walked over to angle, quickly pecking her lips and walking to the coach. I saw seniors a way away with their own class, I matched them completely.
"Brooks were you at the middle school last year?" He peered at me, I thought I saw lust which scared me.
"Yes" he didn't exactly hide his interest. Why isn't he fired yet?I saw the seniors look over at us, they know. The coach touched my cheek with his hand, making my class understand, they all glared daggers at him.
"My, you hot" he whispered in my ear. I slapped his hand away, I had to get out of Here. I made a u turn to the lockers room. Glaring at the coach as I slipped in. "Excuse me" he waved at the class and trotted after me.
The door that led to the school was locked, he fucking planned this.
I heard his footsteps before I saw him. He looked at me...slowly eye raping my body, and made his move. He took hole of my hands and shoved be against a wall. I winched at the pain that shot through my back.
I caught a glance at the door and knew it was locked, I saw sets of foot shadows on the other side under the door.
"Get the fuck off me you fucking cunt!" I growled. Getting loose and punching him in the gut. He hissed curses and smiled.
"You can hit me all you want, you can't escape" he sneered and grabbed me again and through me at a shelf, causing the sound of crashing. I saw a pair of shadow feet run away and seconds later, joined by bigger shadow feet. The seniors!
I was brought out my stupid trance when the coach locked his lips with mine, as I struggled with his grown man strength. It would be easy if this guy wasn't.......... FUCKING RIPPED TO HELL.
he forced off my leather jacket, oh my god he ripp my damn shirt off..the prick!