
My top half was exposed, he tugged me back to the wall, grinding on me while I tried to kick his balls. A mans weakness. But failed of course. I kicked his stomach only to have him laugh. I heard the door kick in and I saw the seniors standing there panting. I knew I was shirtless and blushing. No don't look weak.
I took the distraction handed to me and used it. I got loose and socked the guy in the jaw. Landing him on the floor out cold.
"By mother*ucker" I spat and got my jacket off the ground. I looked at my ripped shirt and shook my head. I heard the coach groan, but I didn't care and walked away.
I started across the field, the seniors trotted behind me. "You OK?" A boy asked. He had blond hair and blue eyes, typical. I nodded pausing in mid step. My brothers were right in front of me.
"Chris is that you?" None other than Scott. The seniors watched the confrontation.
"No" I simply said. Dylan, lem, Scott and kyle. Wow.
"You don't fool me, you changed your name just to hide from us!" I growled annoyed. Keep it up I'll kick you ass bitch.
"Look we don't care if your gay, OK" lem spoke up. "We are brothers in arms, we just over reacted." The seniors were looking at me. No I will not ruin the year, I am straight.
"I'm not gay" I stated. "I have a girl friend." I said, nodding over to angle who came to my side and hugged me. I held her waist.
"Baby are you OK?" She asked. Little tears forming, I nodded and pecked her lips. Scott walked up to us.
"You liked me" he said. I frowned at him. "I like you back, I miss you" scott said quickly looking at his feet. The seniors listening.
"Do not talk to me again scott" I sneered. "I'm not a fag like you" I was surprised at my own words. Scotts mouth gaped and he nodded, turning away and sprinting for the school. Its his own fault. I silently cursed.
Angle held my arm while the seniors patted my back, I knew what I had done was wrong, but i liked the power, I was also a bully, but popular.........this was what i wanted all along right?
I saw an animal in my head...it looked like a dog. It told me something I would never forget.
Dark forest is where you will fall....where you will betray both your mates....where you will awaken.....where you will rule the dark souls of those that are not worthy of the light.