

Sweet mother of god. I watched scott snack on anything he could find, he was destroying the kitchen.

"Scott can you calm the fuck down" I snorted. He was starting to get on my damn nerves.

"I want to eat", he growled and shoved some chips in his mouth.

"Don't be sad just because he doesn't wanna fuck you" scott paused to glare at me.

"Ok.." Ok? The fuck was with ok! Hes broken.

"What ever a-hole just eat your damn chips" he continues to eat which pissed me off. I just shook it off and went upstairs to where our mate was.

"Pigeon, you in here" Chris sat up in the bed.

"Pigeon?" He chuckled.

"I'll think of an different name later, right now you need food right?" He nodded and I led him to the kitchen where scott was still raging in the food.

"Scott are you ok?" Scott didn't answer, but continued his eating frenzy.

"He depressed, don't worry he'll get over it." Chris nodded but looked unsure. "Want to go out somewhere?" Chris gave a quick look of approval.



I yelled at Chris that we were going, I opened the door for chris to get in my car, once we were outside, he blushed, so cute. I could think of a few things we'd be doing in this car after a while.

I drove for a few minuets before coming to the stake house. My favorite food joint. I got us a table for two and we sat down to order.

"Can I take your order?" The waitress asked taking out a pad.

"Stake, medium" chris ordered.

"Stake rare" chris sent me a look.

"You like bloody stake?" I nodded and waved that waitress away.

After we finished we went to the car, when I got to my door I froze. Someone's been in my car.

"Chris don't move" I growled. He did as told a little confused. A shadow came out of the bushes.

"What are you? A bomb sniffing dog?" The figure sneered. I growled and got in front of chris. "Puppy sit" he laughed as he took out a gun, I smelt sliver. Hunter.

"Don't, he's human." I would die but chris had nothing to do with it.

The hunter cocked his head. "I have plans for him anyway" I growled and shifted just as the gun went off and penetrated my skin.