
Part 1: my enemy is my friend, and my friend is my enemy.
The school day dragged on, I thought it would never end! I saw my BIA....aka 'brothers in arms'. Scott was really broken. Now he can feel what I felt! I promised myself I would not care, I would make his life a living hell.
~Scott~
"My life is a living hell" I groaned. My life was ten times worse. My life took an abrupt stop, Chris had rejected me with no emotions, no regret, only a cold look in his eyes when he called me fag. It hurt like knives but I had nodded anyway......karma....the bitch.
"Your not alone" kyle piped up. Dylan's arm on his shoulders.
"Yeah" Dylan said. "Chris will come around, and if he doesn't" he paused to kiss kyle cheek, lem giving them a dirty glare. "Then you can watch us make out" I chuckles. Kyle whined about about privacy as lem walked up to me.
"So your all fags" lem hissed. I looked up in surprise.
"Weren't you trying to get chris back with us" I demanded an answer, cause I sure as hell needed one.
"Hm, I never wanted him back, and when Dylan started fucking kyle that's when I became your enemy." The cafe suddenly got quiet. "Fucking cunt" he walked away to god knows where.
"Takes one to know one" I mumbled. Kyle look at the floor.
"I have to go a while" he said quietly.
"Where" Dylan was freaking. He tried to grab kyles hand but was rejected.
"I need away...I'll text you" he took his leave....leaving me and Dylan.
"Skip school?" Dylan nodded and we walked out the building, I spotted chris and his gang a few yards away. Angle was by his side which pissed me off. Did he feel this way about my girlfriend?
The school parking lot was empty except for chris and his junkies. "Let get out of here" dylan hissed when Chris's gang spotted us. We made a break to my sliver Lexus.
"Hey fags wait up!" One of the gang called laughing.
"Start the damn car!" Dylan was looking in the rear veiw mirror. I put the key in and the car roared to life. I backed out to see the gang blocking the exit with themselves. I should.just run the fuckers over.
Chris said something to them and they nodded. He came over to the car and tapped my window. I pushed a button and it went down.
"Scott.....open the back door.... Trust me." I did as I was told and he slide in. A pain in my chest started but I shook it away. "My house" was all he said. His gang let us through and he gave me directions. While I was driving dylan finally.couldn't take it.
"What the hell chris, your the enemy" chris smiled.
"I'm not the enemy, I was only covering." He shrugged. "Scott, bands I'm really sorry I had to say those things..." I saw his eyes getting watery...was he telling the truth?
"Bullshit" dylan hissed and looked out his window.
"Its not bull...but your face is" chris hissed back.
"Why you little piece of shit" dylan was gonna blow.