
(Hey yall this story is in progress and I'm a young new writer please be nice. This book is based of my friend Kalli)(Kalli POV)I am so ready to get out of here! "Mom!" I yell for the millionth time, she doesn't seem bothered at all that I'm leaving America for at least four years. If everything goes as planned I won't ever come back. Just as my thought of getting out of this dreadful place leaves my brain my mom pops out from the stairs. "I hope the plain ride there is nice and make sure to call and tell me all about the your first experience there", my mom says with a huge smile. She has always wanted to have me leave the country and explore the world and all its opportunities. I nod her yes and grab the last of my bags and head to the taxi. When I get to the airport I see tons of little ten year olds going nuts. When I look around I notice that some of the boys from a group one direction was apparently flying to England. I have always thought that they where amazing but I kept it to myself, I didn't want to be bothered with all the people at my school. I grew up in a smaller part of Nashville where country music and Cowboys are the only cool things. All the people in my school just want to stay here and never explore the world. I think they are all freaks, what could possibly make them want to stay in the middle of nowhere. Once I get all my bags checked and I go through the whole security line I still have an hour till my plane was to come. I never like to be late so I don't mind waiting. As I wait I drift of to think about how amazing it will be to move from nowhere Nashville to London England! I can't even handle my thoughts and I just feel my face brightening up from the thought. Just as I smile I hear someone say in a British accent, "do you think this flight will be filled with fans or will we actually get some piece."(Harry POV)While Niall was talking I was so taken away by this American girl with the most amazing smile I didn't even here what he said. "Harry are you in there", Niall says. "Oh, yeah sorry I was just drifting. We do have first class so we should be fine I suppose." "Well I'm going to take a seat and text Hannah." Niall says. I just nod and think how lucky he is. He has just got engaged to this girl who lives here in Nashville, I don't even know how they met but it's obvious they both love each other. I wish I had that but with my life style it's so hard to both with always being busy and how all girls just want me for my tittle. I haven't dated in such a long time my own fandom believes I'm gay. I love coming to Nashville almost as much as I love going to LA. Hannah is from a part of Nashville that is quite and not many people know who one direction is or they don't like us. I come here and It reminds me of home how simple things are and how to be a normal person again. Although I come here a lot I haven't made many friends, I should have Niall take me to one of Hannah's party's so I can get to know people my own age. I usually just work at the local repair shop. The old man who works there has so many amazing stories that I just love hearing about. I think he enjoys my company as well, he lives alone and all his kids moved to New York and California. I hope that's not my life when I'm an old man, only I won't even have kids or a dead wife. He had people at one point in his life who cared about him and now he has to count on a stranger. What will I do when my family all move away and one direction ends. I will have nothing, I will be alone forever. Just as my miserable thoughts hit a dead end they call for our flight to board. I join Niall and we get our first class seats and we settle in. This is a three seat plane, I hope no one asks to sit between Niall and I. The flight attendant says on the speaker that the flight will be full so prepare to sit with all seats filled. When the last of the first class board I feel good that we have our seat still empty. Now I put in my headphones and blast the Beatles so I can try and sleep this thirteen hour trip through.