
Snuggle time
Steve-
Steve is absolutely the most cuddly person ever. When I lay down to sleep, his arms enclose me and he rest his forehead against the back of my neck. He presses a kiss to my back and rubs soothing circles on my belly before drifting off to a content sleep.
Tony-
Tony is affectionate. He will rest his head on my shoulder, and one hand will squeeze my hip and the other rubbing my butt, because he's Tony. He whispers a "I love you," before sighing happily into my skin.
Clint-
He secretly loves hugs and kisses, but is guarded, so it's me who usually hugs him. He sits alone sometimes, which I take the opportunity to go straddle his lap and peck his lips, to which he returned. He pulls me in hesitantly, before I kiss him again and he leaned back in his chair and I softly rub his sides.
Bruce-
Bruce, like Clint, doesn't like to start the cuddling but when you do, it doesn't stay for more than a moment. For example, the other day, I saw him hunched over the old desk in our shared bedroom. He was focused. I start to rub his shoulders, when he turns his head and whispers that he is busy, to which I lean against his back and push back his hair. He relaxes against you before straightening up and coughing awkwardly. It was a sad moment when realize it's because he doesn't trust him self.
Wade Wilson-
Wade was a cuddler, to put it lightly. The merc with a mouth lays his arms across my waist, and presses his cheek to mine. He chats up a storm while keeping in the same formation.
Bucky Barnes- Bucky doesn't really like snuggling after what happened. Bucky likes though to hold hands, with his real hand, while sitting next to you. He brushes his thumb over the top of my hand and smiles at me. With a real smile.
Sam Wilson- Sam snuggles under the covers. I fall under with him and while i slowly drifting off, he rest his head on my chest and warmly keeps me close as he lightly snors with my hand on his.
Thor- Thor is careful when snuggling because he is so strong. His figure towers over me as his hug tightly grips your's. His hands softly rub circles on you back.
Loki-   Loki has a love for spooning. He spoons you and presses against you very carefully and hums a familier song in your ear.