
"It's okay."
Kate's dad was one of the biggest lawyers in Los Angeles. Unlike me, she never had to work a day in her life. Everything was--and always had been--handed to her.
I wasn't jealous, though. I lived a cozy middle class lifestyle. My father wasn't in the picture, but my mom made okay money as a nurse in the pediatric department of the local hospital. Technically, my mom and I could get by without me working, but I didn't want my mom worrying about financial stuff. Plus, I needed to earn money for college.
Just as I was finishing my apple the bell rang, signaling the end of our lunch period. Immediately, my mood shifted from jovial to dismal. I threw away the remains of my lunch and made my way back inside school or 'the cage' as us students liked to call it.
I tried to focus on my schoolwork the rest of the day, but all I could focus on was the internship.
~
The next day when I arrived home from school, the first thing I noticed was the large white envelope on my front porch.
Fast as lightning, I cut the engine of my old Chevy Impala and sprinted up the driveway. I picked up the envelope, and my heart skipped a beat when I saw the red Burke Industries seal on it.
Holy shit, this was better than getting a letter from Hogwarts.
Hurrying inside, I took a letter opener and quickly sliced through the seal, almost cutting my finger in the process.
As soon as the seal broke, contents spewed over the top, some falling on the floor. Several items caught my attention, but the first thing I picked up was a formally typed letter.
Congratulations, you have been selected for Burke Industries summer internship program.
It took all my self-control to keep myself from screaming. Since winning the eighth grade spelling bee, this was the best thing that had ever happened to me.  I couldn't believe I'd beat out all the other applicants.
Quickly, I skimmed over the rest of the letter before looking at the other items inside the envelope.
Also inside was my itinerary which included my flight, housing, and transportation information once I got to New York. While this Internship was not a paid one, Burke Industries still provided me with an apartment and free airfare to and from New York. They would also provide me a small allowance for food and other necessities.
My mouth sagged in awe as I read over everything. I needed someone to pinch me. Everything felt like a dream.
After I finished reading my itinerary, I noticed that there was one last thing at the bottom of the envelope. It was an ID. My employee ID.
Piper Mickelson was written on the card in bold letters. My school picture was even on it. Where they got access to that photo of me--I had no idea, but I really didn't care at that moment. I flipped the card over and noticed that there was a bar code on the back along with the Burke Industries logo.
Still in shock, I pulled out my phone and called Kate. She answered on the third ring. I heard loud music in the background along with other voices. She must've been at Lulu's, a local hangout and restaurant that was popular with kids from my school.
"Hello?" she practically yelled over the noise on the other line.
"Kate? It's Piper. I got the Internship!" I gushed, unable to contain my glee.
"No fucking way! I'm so proud of you!"