
I pour laundry soap in the machine. The water starts to flow as close the lid and press start. The machine lightly rattles to a spinning cycle and creates a quiet hum. In stark towers, I or Tony, could pay someone to do thus work. Work such as dishes, laundry, scrubbing bathroom floors, and dusting bookcases. But I like the work. In a world of crazy, I feel it keeps me grounded.
Tony comes in as I'm rustling through the cabinet beneath the sink in the kitchen. I'm looking for Windex because my cat, which Tony was skeptical about letting in, smudged the glass on the window in our shared bedroom.
"You know we have people to do that, right?" He asked. He looked me with eyes that I could write a book about. I quickly decided to leave the smudge and return later. I walk over, and slide arms around his waistline and lean against his chest. He hugs me and presses a kiss to my forehead.
Tony and I, married for two years now, have been close ever since we met. We were best friends before partners, and I guess he could sense how I was feeling; depressed. I never really understood why I'm so depressed, but I guess it happens to all of us.
"You gonna tel me about it, or our we going to have to have a major cuddle session?" He asked me tenderly, as I could tell he was trying to lighten the mood.
"How 'bout we do both? Because you know, your cuddles are to die for," I answered, trying to smile as I pull tighter to my husband's chest. He nods, as if saying okay, and pulls me up into his arms as he, with soft footsteps, walks to the bedroom.  He lays down with me on top of him and brushes my hair behind my ear.
"Y/N, you're amazing. So, spill your guts. I don't judge," Tony said, before lightly kissing my cheek. Tony is thought to be the most annoying, selfish, womanizing man alive, but most don't know he is a total softy and a caring man. He cries when he returns from battle, and breaks a little each time, because everybody has a point where fine becomes just a crack, then a it shatters. We support each other, when that crack slowly grows deeper into the mind porcelain.
"Just a little off today. But as long as I have you, all will be right in the world," I quietly whispered to his face. I kissed his chin, feeling the stubble pricked my lips.
"It's nice you speak so highly of me. Baby, I know you're sad, I just want to help. When you're ready, tell me. I'm here," Tony said burying his face in my neck. I whisper a small thank you before slowly falling asleep in my soul mate's arms. When I have him, I realise that maybe I would not always be happy, but I would always have a wonderful life.
A/N-     This should be interesting. I'm always opened to ideas, so if you want to comment an idea that's awesome. BTW age of ultron was beyond amazing