
I walk into a deserted McDonalds. The warm air floods over me gracefully as I leave the chilling cold that the thin, worn sweatshirt on me could not block. I order a black coffee before sinking into a hard and uncomfortable booth by a large window that was frosted over just enough to allow the pale moonlight to cast in on the table. I tug my thin, brown sweatshirt tight to my for now thin frame. I pull my hood up over my head to hide the dark purple bruise forming on my cheek that the plump, wrinkly old woman with long gray hair working the register so rudely would stare at. Before long, the nausea washed over me and I leave my cup and dash towards the ladies room.
After my traumatic event in the grimy restaurant bathroom, slowly started towards the booth where the cup of warm liquid that was soothing the thumping headache caused by the jerk that started it all yelling about a discover and the fact I wanted to be more than a prisoner. As I sit and consider buying another cup, a group enters the joint.
"But what exactly is a 'big Mac'?" a large man with long blonde hair and a booming voice said to a smaller, brown haired man dressed in a dirty yellow shirt. They were followed by a muscular blonde man, a red headed woman, and a man in sunglasses and a tan man in a Black Sabbath t-shirt.
I sit up straight and put the hand facing the window and wall gently over my belly. Not even fully a mother yet and already protecting the baby I may not even claim.
They sit across from me and I move my fingers over the new cup of coffee that burnt my throat. The yellow shirted man that entered starred at me as I slightly shake remembering how my ex, starred at me after I burnt dinner. His stare was a burning glare that hurt my heart.
"Care if I sit?" The yellow shirted man asked as I set my full cup down lightly.
"None at all," I replied, when I noticed his eyes. Beautiful eyes that put the glimmering stars to shame.
"Mind....Mind if I ask, where did the bruise on your cheek come from? I'm Bruce....by the way," Bruce shyly muttered, as if almost embarrassed. I look away.
"Bad relationship. Just ended it, so I won't need any of your pity," I replied rather harshly before tearing up at the right that that's probably why my ex hated me.
"I...I don't pity you. I just wanted to know that your okay..."
"Y/N, that's my name by the way," I quietly said.
"Y/N, do you know why your boyfriend break up with you?"
I look away and notice the rest of his group staring at you guys. I look back at Bruce...and I told him my story. I don't know why I did, but what happened can't be changed.
Bruce looks at me with a heartbreaking face.
"So, you're pregnant, and have no where to go after Y/EX/N beat you?" He asked rather calmly. I nod, and something most people would view as a new start occured.
He slides into the booth next to me and wraps me in hesitant hug. I lean into the man I've been talking to for the last hour as he comforts me, because I just realised I've been crying.
"Come home with me. I can have people keep you safe, and I'll help you get diapers and stuff for the baby. I'll make sure no one ever hurts you guys ever again," Bruce softly says into my ear. I bury my face momentarily into his warm chest.
"I couldn't ask you to help me, I mean, I just met you. I wouldn't ask you to be burdened with me," I said. pulling away. He tugs me closer and places a light kiss to my hand.