
Chapter One:
Why do you deserve this internship?
Why did I--an average high school student who still bought her clothes from Target and got seven dollar haircuts--deserve an internship at Burke Industries, one of the most successful and revered companies in the world?
What made me so special?
Tapping my pencil against my desk, I ran over various answers in my head. I could go the safe route and answer the question with a generic reply. Yet, something in my gut  told me to be bold.
Hundreds of applicants were vying for this internship. If I had any chance of getting it, I'd have to be different--a standout.
Burke Industries wanted someone who was efficient, smart, and most likely a little bit cocky. They wanted someone who was dependent. Responsible. Someone who wasn't afraid to be blunt and take charge of a situation.
Someone who wasn't afraid of a bit of danger.
Taking a deep breath, I wrote down my final answer with my dull pencil, before sticking my application in an envelope, and sending it off to Burke Industries.
~
"So, did you get that internship thing you applied for?" my best friend, Kate, asked as she filed her perfectly-manicured nails.
A stranger might have labeled the leggy blond a bimbo due to her semi-inappropriate wardrobe choices and  new pair of Jimmy Choos strapped to her ankles. The Gucci purse might have made someone think of her as unintelligent or self-centered.
All those accusations were false. Kate was honestly the most loyal person I'd ever met. She'd been there for me through the bad and good times, and no matter what I was going through, she could always put a smile on my face.
Even though she came from money, she never flashed it around me. She respected me for who I was and never made me feel inferior to her.
"I don't know. They don't announce the winner until tomorrow.," I muttered, unable to disguise the nervous edge to my voice.
It had already been two weeks since I'd sent in the application form and I hadn't heard anything back. It made me wonder if my application had gotten lost in the mail or something.
"Oh. So if you don't get the internship what are your plans for summer?" she asked again while adjusting the scarf around her neck. Kate Wellington was the biggest fashionista I knew. After all, only she would wear a scarf when it was ninety degrees out.
Speaking of summer, there were only four days left of school before break. Still, it felt like a lifetime away. Every student, including me, was itching to get out of this hell hole.
"Probably apply for a job at the ice cream place by my house or put up an ad for a summer nanny," I answered as I took a bite out of my apple.
It was currently lunch time and Kate and I were sitting at our usual picnic table. It was just outside the school grounds and made us temporarily forget the fact that it still wasn't summer.
"Sounds boring. I'm going to hit up the beach every day and hopefully find a hot lifeguard to waste my summer away with," Kate sighed dreamily. Along with being a fashionista, Kate was definitely guy-crazy.
"Well, some of us have to work, Kate." I regretted the words as soon as they were out of my mouth. I didn't mean to rude. I was just nervous about the whole internship thing.
"Sorry. I didn't mean to sound like that," Kate's face fell as she fiddled with her nails some more.