
24 hours before
The night seemed to go slower then normal. My grandmother was looking after me at her house in Yorkshire. Got to say the house is nice, I have my own room and to top it of with a cherry I'm the only child! My mum and dad were of in Japan they are flying back soon. That means I can go back to my tiny but cosy house in Cheshire! Forgot to say my name is Emily! Anyway I could just imagine something happening to my mum and dad like them falling of a mountain or something. A bit extream i know but you never know. But it's just my silly thoughts. I looked at my new iPhone 5s I got for my 15th birthday this year. Only 4am! I spent the next 4 hours tossing and turning until I looked at my phone and saw it was 8:05 am. My grandmother has a rule that you can't get up before 8 because her dog Scott needs a full 8 hours sleep. Strange I know but I don't question her. I swung my legs out of bed and put my pink slippers on that I stole from my grandmother. I then walked to my mirror and looked at myself. I look nice I thought brushing my brown long hair. I then grabbed my phone and made my way downstairs.
I did everything everyone does in the morning. I made my way upstairs and picked what I wanted to wear I picked white nike air max a kimono a white tank top and black leggings. So basic I know. Today I thought I would stay in and catch up on some TV.
12 hours later
I sat on my bed screwed up in a ball crying my eyes out. I can't belive what has happened my worst nightmare. My parents plane crashed coming into the UK. What am I going to do. My grandmother came in.
'Emily honey, I have found I great boarding school in florida'FLORIDA WHAT NO WAY IS SHE ALREADY TRYING TO SHIP ME OF 2 HOURS AFTER THE DEATH OF MY PARENTS 'really all ready''Start packing your plane leaves tomorrow at 8pm'I can't even belive it. This school better be good or I'm never going to forgive grandmother Jean...
First part sorry it's a bit long I need to make a cover for the book hope you enjoy byeeeee