
Isabella Stevens-
If you told me a month ago: "In a month you would be standing in front of Siddel High School again" I would have laughed. But here we are, a month later, standing in front of it.
I sighed heavily and started moving forward. All eyes were on me. I made my way down to reception, as much as I hated this place I could never forget it. I don't mean that in a cheesey way, I mean it appears in my nightmares. I grabbed my timetable, I still had 10 more minutes before first period.
"Omg is that Bella?"
"Wow, she's so hot!"
"Whatever Luke did to her, he changed her in a good way"
"Ew, she's such a slut."
"I'm surprised she even came back."
"She ran and disappeared for a month and now she's back?"
The list goes on and on, but one that stood out from the crowd?:
"I bet daddy made her come back, her dads a man whore and he's made of money I bet he threw her out because of his new wife so she had no choice and-
I went up to the brunette and punched her in the face repeatedly. She was on the floor crying her eyes out, her fake nails were falling off, her heel was broken and one of her fake eyelashes were off. Yup, definitely one of Lucy's minions.
Everyone was around us, none of the teachers bothered to stop it, they were all busy walking around trying to get to lesson or organise their work for the lesson. Until I was pulled off the minion, I was pulled off of her by Jake.
Jake was still holding me, I was trying to get out of his grip but I didn't manage. So I just stopped jumping, I stood still, I looked her in the eye and said: "You ever call me or my family again, I'm going to appear in your sleep and shave all of your hair/fake extensions off, got it?" She nodded and scurried away.
Everyone was still trying to process what happened, but I just made my way to maths.
Mr. Jones or sir as everyone calls him, welcomed me to his class again, I had him last year, he's a funny teacher, he try's to get mad at us all but that just usually fails. I like maths, it's not just because that I understand most of it, it's funny and Sir and I get along well.
And that's when I saw him, Luke Hunter.