
Getting chances was new to me. I always had to fight for chances, for someone to believe in me. But this time, it's the other way round. I am the one who gets to choose. In front of me is my boss. I work for a small journal in Europe. We have good sales, but are still growing. That's why I got this job in the first place. I finished college exactly 2 years ago. I was looking for a job for over a year before I found this. And this is where they gave me a chance to become something more than myself. To prove that I am worth it. And truth be told, they needed young new writers who didn't ask to much money or other stuff.
We are just starting out. But we have a big fan base already. A lot of people buy our journal weekly. And we take to the internet too. We've been making a lot of money lately. And with that comes new chances. Time and money to try new things. And since I always helped my boss I am the one getting one now.
My boss is a middle-aged man who always wears suits and ties. He's a respected man among his employees. He's also a very respected man within the circles of the other journals. He used to be the chairman of a very important magazine, but he quit because they didn't want to try new things. He noticed his time was over. So he started out with this new journal. One who always wanted to tell a true story and not just sell copies. I liked that idea. My boss is also the father of my best friend in the whole world. We met after I started here and found out she had been in the same class as me. We had graduated at the exact same time. But there had been a lot of people in that class, so we never met.
"What do you say?" my boss asks me.
"You're asking me to go to Korea?" I ask, again, for the umpteenth time.
"Yes, Amalia told me you loved that kind of music, so you're the perfect person to go, aren't you?"
He is right. I am the perfect person to do this. I love K-pop more than I probably should. It is slowly taking over my life. And the band I am going to interview are the most amazing guys on the planet. I love them to death, although I don't really know them personally. But this is my chance to get to know them. Even on a professional level.
"I'll do it", I finally tell him.
"Great, you leave tomorrow!" he says and motions for me to get out of his office.
I do as he inclined to and got out. When I set foot outside of the door Amalia comes rushing over. She hugs me and then holds me at arm-length.
"He told you, didn't he?" she asks me and is barely able to contain her excitement.
"Yes, he did. And it's all thanks to you!" I scream and she joins in.
The whole office is looking at us, but they're used to it. We do this often. Every time something good happens we start jumping around and scream like little girls. The great thing about being such a small bunch of people is that they don't care, because you are some kind of family. And we all have those annoying little kids who shout to much in our families. Why not here?
"Did he tell you when you'll be leaving?" she finally manages to ask me.
"Tomorrow. I already have my passport ready. He always told me to keep it ready for emergencies and this is one!" I say and she hugs me again.
Amalia is some kind of K-pop fan too. We share the same apartment so she has to listen to it through the walls. Kind of like Phil has to endure it from Dan. But she doesn't mind. She thinks the guys are hot and they dance like no one else can. And I agree. She just doesn't get into it as much as I do.
"Let's finish our jobs and go out for a drink before you start packing!" she says and drags me to my desk.