
The earlier we finish this, the earlier we can go for that drink. And boy, do I need that! I need to let it sink in that in two days from now, I'll be face to face with the remaining 10 (of 12) boys from EXO! It's some kind of dream come true.
We finish around 5, so we are in time for happy hour. Amalia invited her boyfriend Jake, too. He's a tall guy she met a few months back. They are really cute together and fit so well. They're not the kind of couple who can't do anything without seeing each other. No, they can function without seeing each other. But Jake wanted to congratulate me and say goodbye for the next weeks (I am staying for 2 whole weeks, yay!).
"So, finally huh?" he asks me.
"Yeah, maybe I'll find some guy over there who will fall for me the instant he sees me!" I joke.
"Yeah! Because they're not that big there, are they? So you won't be so small in comparison!" he jokes too.
He always jokes about my height. I'm really small for my age, always have been, always will be. He's like the Eiffel tower, so to him I seem even smaller. We always joke about it because it's funny. And he is right. In Korea I'll have a normal size. For the first time in my life I will have guys who aren't that much bigger than me! Maybe it really is the place I belong.
"I hope everything goes according to plan. You know how crazy these K-pop agencies can get. One moment they want someone from Europe to interview their bands and the next they want nothing to do with you. They're so confusing..." Amalia shakes her head.
I agree with her. I am a little scared they'll turn me away the moment I get there.  They really don't know what they want. And their music is growing, every second. A lot of countries have taken notice in their industry. And a lot of them also criticize them for not being authentic. But let's be honest, we can't all be Ed Sheeran. If we were, Ed Sheeran wouldn't be popular anymore. He would just be a dime in a dozen.
"I'm heading home, I still have to pack. And then, you two lovebirds will have the place all to yourselves for the next 2 weeks!" I laugh and they join in.
"But I will miss you", Amalia reassures me.
"Same!" I tell her before hugging her again.
"Hey! She's my girlfriend!" Jake shouts and we all laugh.
"Look who's being clingy!"I joke and Jake pats me on the shoulder.
"I'm gonna miss you too, petite! (his nickname for me, it means: little)"
I say goodbye to both of them and head home. There's a lot that still has to be done. For starters: I still have to look for my passport. I know that I have it somewhere, I just never get to use it so I lose it occasionally. But I'll find it. No matter what. Tomorrow will be the first step of my plan to become a famous journalist. I will make it.