
So be it for my perfect summer I had planned. No one ever texts me. No one ever calls me. No one ever FaceTimes me. No one ever Snapchats me. I try to talk to people. They all just open my messages and never reply. After I wrote that in my diary I hid it under my bed. No one knows I have this diary because they would think it was childish. Pshh just because I am seventeen doesn't mean that I can't have a diary to keep my thoughts in. Some people are dumb bitc- I loose my train of thought because my mom yells for me.
"Sky!!!" I didn't respond because I didn't care and she was making me mad earlier."Sky," she calls again.I replied with an unexpected attitude "Mom just wait, please!""Skylar Audrey get down here now!""Ugghh!"I don't want to get into trouble with my bitch of a mom so I did. When I get down to our kitchen, my mothers friends (I'm guessing) are down here. She introduced me to the family. I was wrong, she doesn't even know them that well, they must have just moved in. The mother is Julie Carters. The father is Max Carters. The oldest girl is Kayonna Carters. She is nineteen and is in for summer break. She told me she goes to Oregon college. Then there was an amazingly cute guy! He looks at me and smiles. Wow he is perfect! He is extremely hot and when he crossed his arms in front of him, his t-shirt squeezes his biceps. I don't even know him why am I crushing? He could be an ax murderer! But I still liked him, who wouldn't? "Sky did you hear me?" "Um, no sorry what?"The boy smirked at me."Introduce yourself honey." I could hear the edge in her voice."Hi I am Skylar and I am seventeen," I said while blushing. Not because I was shy but because he was looking at me the way I looked at him. We started starring at each other not daring to look away. My mom coughes to get my attention. I looked at her and she says "This is Jason and he is seventeen also. I think you guys would be great friends," putting emphasis on 'friends'. He saus to us "Most people call me Jase or Jay. But you may call me Jason if you want, I wouldn't care." My mother smiles a genuine smile at him. Then Mrs. Carters tells my mother and I about themselves and why they moved. I'm not fully listening which I will probably end up feeling guilty about. All that I could think about at the time is Jason and this soon to be awesome summer!
A/N
This is my first story and the chapters aren't going to be too long. I hope that everyone who reads it likes it!VOTE AND COMMENT!
Brooklynn