
Hey everyone, this is my first song-fic one shot, I was actually cry for real when I wrote this. By the way, this shot was inspired by what happened between me and my guy friend last March 10... except for four weeks later scene
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
You and Hiro are best friends since you came here in San Fransokyo and later you have a develop a crush on him.
You look at meI fake a smile so you won't seeWhat I want and I needAnd everything that we should be
You put your books on your locker when Hiro is running over to you "Hey, (y/n)" waving at you.
"Hey, knucklehead, what's up?" you asked.
"Nothing, the class is so over so I'm running over to see you" He grin.
"ohh okay" you slowly nodded.
"come on, let's go to my lab, we have to finish our project" he grab your hand and walked over to his lab as you felt your cheeks heated, trying to hide your feelings for him even when you know about the girl he always talk about.
I'll bet she's beautiful, that girl you talk about,And she's got everything that I have to live without.
Two of you walked in the lab and finished with project later on "uhm Hiro?"
"is there something wrong?" he said as he walked over to you "no, I'm okay"
"forget about it Hiro-" he cut off "no, (y/n), tell me everything"
"I really have to say is... uhm... I... like you.... a lot" you finally confessed your feelings for him but there is something that you will expect.
He sighed "(y/n), I appreciate your love but I'm sorry I just... don't feel the same way" you felt your heart torn into pieces with his words "so you're still my bestfriend right?" you asked.
He nodded and you said "okay I get it, what about the girl?"
You talk to me, I laugh 'cause it's so damn funnyThat I can't even see anyone when you're with meYou say you're so in love, you finally got it right,I wonder if you know you're all I think about at night
"the girl? I have a great time with Ara yesterday and we're going on date again tonight" he smiled but your pain still...
"I'm happy for you Hiro" you both hugged each other and you pulled away "I have to go, good luck with her" I smiled sadly and waved him a goodbye "see you tomorrow" Hiro said.
You ran away from SFIT with tears starts rolling down, you still remember about his words. You shut the door of your house and went your bedroom and continue crying.
You're the reason for the teardrops on my guitarThe only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing starYou're the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I do
~four weeks later~
You're sitting alone in the cafeteria, Hiro is always calling on you but you didn't answered even his texts, you didn't reply him back. During class, he's staring at you but you still focus on your work.
"Thank goodness (y/n), I found you" GoGo ran over and sitting next to you "are you...ok?" she frowned when you didn't answer her until "i'm ok GoGo" you stand up and walked away from her.
Meanwhile, Hiro, Honey Lemon, Tadashi, Wasabi, and Fred are in Hiro's lab, talking about Honey's birthday "since it's Honey Lemon's birthday, we should convinced (y/n) to join with us for this-" Fred's words was interrupted when GoGo burst into the door with a sigh "hey guys"