
~before~

"OIII FUYU IS THAT YOUR TWIN BROTHER OH OH HIII KOSHIMAE"

~Now~

"Ahhhh Minna over here"Yelled Fuyu.

"Nah Fuyu who are they"Asked Ryuu and Liam.

"Well since you guys were away those few weeks of nationals this is my team.

"Nice seeing you again Chitose"Said Tezuka shaking this Chitose guys hand.

Fuyu waas talking about the Shitenhoji team he is an sub there too while Rima the manger of Rikkaidai team(narrator forgot to tell you that)You mean you forgot to write that author-san.(Why you blaming me)Because it your fault!(Just go on with the story).

Ahem so with the introduction

Kuranosuke Shiraishi third year regular on the team and is the captain.He got that humor in him like the hole entire Shitenhoji team sorry meant school.He use bible tennis and wraps his right(or was it left)arm with bandages.

Kenjiro Koishikawa third year regular and the vice-captain is that person where people will laugh at.He got no role or well we never actually seen him play as for when he was going to play instead Chitose took his spot when he didn't even wanted it.

Kintaro Toyama first year regular like Ryoma and he is some wild animal who always so  happy and gleelful.He played a one point match with Ryoma which ended as a time since they split the ball in hald and it was only one point game.

Kenya Oshitari Third year regular and is cousins with Yushi Oshitari in Hyotei.He is known as the 'Speed Star of Naniwa' He is even faster that Shiraishi(captain) and Kamio Akira of Fudomine but he is no faster the Eiji or so they say.

Gin Ishida The second strongest middle schooler he was first until Kawaura defeated him.Even tho he seems stuff he is really kind and respectful that's why many think he is a Buddhist.

Senri Chitose was an third year regular on the team but he quit the team because of some reason.But he plays in doubles one but it was more of singles since they wanted s show down on who is better and by that he was playing against Tezuka.So his partner and Inui stayed down. and well Tezuka had won and all so yeah.

Koharu Konjiki third year regular is said to have more data then inui and is Shitenhoji baka partners. He has never separate from his partners such as for when there coach order them to never separate and well yeah.

Yuji Hitoji  thirs year regular and is partners with Kojiki.I have nothing else to say about him.

Hikaru Zaizen the only Second year regular on the team and many believe that he is going to be the next captain of Shitenhoji. He was supposed to play in doubles 1 when going against Seigaku but no he didn't.

And this is The Shitenhoji tennis team.

"Ahhh I see that you guys have met with our me"Said the one and only monkey king.










