
~Recap ~

"Nyaa  Ochibi !! Momo-chin your late""Momo, Ryoma go run 10 laps around the court Now!"

~Right now~

Momo and Ryoma groaned "Hai buchou"They said energetically *smirks and rolls eyes*

After they both had finished there laps There couch, Ryuzaki Sumire spoke up "OK so the reason why I have called you here today is that an English school from Canada will be visiting and were not the only school who got these Canadian coming over. So one of the school proposed a battle of the song and as you guessed we will be singing but, we will be singing English songs in English, So they will be here at 4 and the battle will be on Wednesday. So... many groups of people can come together and perform the max is ten. The reason why Im telling you guys this right now is that the prize is 500 dollars on who wins. So if you guys go and earn that money we can by new equipment also you cant use the money for your self it got to be donated to some part of the school  so why not our tennis club.And also since most oh you are fluent or near that in english you will be helping these student settle in OK got that so they should be here an hour so we time to get to the airport"

Every member looked shelled shocked other then Fuji who opened his eyes. Tezuka was unfazed but he look like he wanted to kill someone I think I cant really tell. Ryoma just pulled on the bill of his cap. Inui was shocked at first but stopped and was just writing some ish in this notebook, while kaidou was shocked but then started to hiss and all.

"But oba-chan some of us sucks at English"complained both Eiji and Momo.

"Shutup peachbutt its just you and that your fault for sleeping or eating in class"Insulted Kaidou

"OI MAM-"Momo  was cut off by the captain"Kaidou,Momo 20 lap Now!"He  barked.

Oh I just remember I haven't properly introduced you to the regular members my bad well let take time to do so now.

Well you already Know Momo and Ryoma so

Meet Eiji Kikumaru third year boys tennis team regular who is part of seigaku greatest double pair, Golden pair. He uses acrobatic play.

Oishi Shuchiro Third year boys tennis team regular also Vice-captain and is a mother hen of the team. He is the other half of the golden pair.

Fuji Shusuke Third year regular in the tennis team. He is the so called tensai (genius) of the team.

Inui Sadaharu also Third Year regular of the tennis is team is there manger and data collector he also make deadly juices that only fuji can somehow handle the   captain can handle a few at the very least.

Takashi Kawamura another Third year regular on the team and is there power player.He is the heir to his dads sushi shop and he has a split personality when ever he hold something like a racket.

Kaido Kaoru Second year regular on the team and is like a snake.He likes wearing bandannas  and trains 24/7 he also is the external rival of Momo.