
HI HI IM BACK :D
AND BETTER THEN EVER SO LET GET TO THE STORY
-____________________________-
"SORRY FOR BEING LATE WE THOUGHT YOU WOULD HAVE MET UP WITH US FROM INSIDE THE AIRPORT-oh HIIIIII MRS.DRAGONEEL" Yelled Ryuu. Oh yeah the kid knows the school.
"Ryuu?! I thought you transfored into another school.. Oh the school is in japan" Said Mrs.Dragoneel.
Lucy Dragoneel maiden name is Heartifila she is there astronomy teacher. She is very pretty. She has long blonde hair that up to her waist that is in a one sided pony-tail. She has these memorizing Chocolate brown eyes.She wore a blue shirt that was sleeveless but had a white cardigan on top. she wore a white skirt that had a pretty bow on the side(kinda) and wore brown combat boots. When she transferred into Med all the boys had hearts in there eyes and started to drool while the girls were taking away on how pretty there teacher were. but the boys were sad when they heard she was already married to there science and basketball teacher/coach . (a/n Media)
"Yo Ryuu I thought I finally never be able to see but I guess not"Said a guy With brown ish hair that was too the left.
"Leo be nice or I will make you go ten laps around the airport" Said another guy with Pink hair.
"Aye sir coach"Said Leo saluting.
The pink haired dude is the coach to the basketball team and is the science teacher he is non other then Natsu dragoneel husband to Lucy Dragoneel. He got pink hair(tho he likes to say it is salmon) and onyx eyes. He wore a black coat which has one sleeve, sleeveless and had these white baggy pants on that end at his knees and wore black slippers.Yep this was the Science teacher and basketball coach and Husband too the beautiful Lucy. OH he also had a scaly white scarf around his neck which he had gotten from his father before he died.
"Eh why am I not surprised your here to Uncle Natsu" Said Rima.
"Whats that supposed to mean!"Challenged Natsu. "Natsu shutup now or else" Glared Lucy.
"Aye"He said a hid be hide Leo. "Ahh Aunt Lucy your here too well that more sense since Natsu here and that you too can speak Japanese" Said Rima gleefully. Lucy just nodded.
The seigaku members just felt that third weel person who awkwardly in the group.
"Oh I remember now guys this is our tour guide I guess you can say , they are the boys tennis team regular at Seigaku and yes that include the midget. and Rima shouldn't you go back to your school"Said Ryuu while Rima dashed away once she remember that she wasn't supposed to be here.
"HEY WHO YOU CALLING A MIDGET RYUU. I M TALLER THEN YOU"yelled Ryoma pointing a finger at him.Which is so un-characteristic from Ryoma.
"You duhh and you know why your taller then me so it doesn't count" Ryuu said sticking his tong out.
'Wow I never really noticed on how Ryuu can always take Ryoma/Echizen out of his comfort zone and make him act how he really is' Thought the seigaku members.
"SHUTUP"  Ryoma yelled back annoyed by his cousin. "Calm down Ryoma-kun you know Ryuu just teasing you"Said Sakuno in almost perfect English like Ryoma."Saukuno? when did you get here"Asked Ryoma. "Oba-chan asked me to come just in case"Sakuno replied. "I also wanted to see for my self if Ryuu and Fuyu actually came back also Rima and Fuyu I heard"She continued.