
~Last time~

"HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII !!!!!!!!!!"Someone yelled across the airport they turned around shocked to see faces the didn't believe they would see in a very long time.

~Now~
All the regulars members turned around turned around to see two faces they never thought of seeing for a very, very, long time.

They were accompanied by two others they never met.

These two faces were Ryuu and Liam.

Ryuu, Ryuu Winter a proud Canadian. He got light Brown hair and green eyes.He wore military-green sweater with a white plad shirt underneath. He wore the classic military green mountains pants. Along with a black beanie.

Liam, Liam Drvaid also a proud Canadian. He has Black hair that is combed nicely un-like Ryuu. He had blood-shot red eyes. He wore an Red and white sleeveless jacket with an black tang-top under. He wore blue jeans that were slightly ripped on his knee. (A/Nlookinthemediaforthepicsonhowtheylook)

"Ryuu,Liam"Both Tezuka and Ryoma said, shocked in there sudden
appearance.

Ryuu who is cousins with Ryoma gave him a giant bear hug even tho Ryoma the taller one(for once).

While Liam who is cousins with Tezuka gave him an normal hug(like the normal Tezuka family not the crazy Echizens with the dad who read porn, the mother who doesn't show her face, The cute caring and most normal cousin, the travelling brother and the young boy who is cocky enough to bad talk a pro tennis player.This pretty much sums up the Echizens)

"When did you two get back, and who are those two?"Asked a curious Momo. Hitting them on top of there head.

"Two days ago actually but we arrived at the Kyushu airport instead of Tokyo so it took a while to get here and once we did coach told us you were here waiting for those Canadian student arriving."Answered Liam.

"Oh also those two are our friends"Liam continued.

"Come Rima-Fuyu introduce your self!"Ryuu half Yelled to them.

"Umm hi I'm Rima,Rima Riho I attend Rikkaidai I also come from Canada and knew Ryuu and Liam for a very long time but I came a few week before the two"Rima said introducing her self.

She had wait long black hair, with cerulean eyes. She wore a white flannel with a tie and a black sweater on top with a air of blue jeans a brown combat boots.

"Hey I'm Fuyu Winter twin brother of Ryuu but where born on different days I was born in December while Ryuu was born in September.Oh and I attend Shitenhoji"

"HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE(NYAAA)"Yelled Momo and Eiji  from Fuji phone apreantly he had called them and asked how were things.