

My messed up life all started when they named me Bryn. When my sister was born, my parents split. They decided to give up on this life that they have made. When I heard that my parents were getting a divorce, I snapped. I didn't want anything to do with them, I iced my whole family out, even my best friend, Skailer. She wanted to help but I pushed her away.  I pushed everyone away.
***
My mother ripped back the lavender colored sheets and exposed my bare legs to the air conditioned room. I groaned into my pillow, wishing for an hour more of sleep.
"Honey, time to wake up sleepy head. It's monday!" She hummed. My only response was a sigh mixed in with an angry groan. I remember my alarm going off and I remember having a snooze button... More or less it was Monday. Yay. I rubbed the sleep from my eyes and sat up. I tried to grasp on to my faint dream that I had last night, but in a moment it slipped away like a delicate butterfly, seeping into the blue sky. I felt all groggily, like I wasn't meant to get up at six in the morning. I stripped, took a shower, got dressed, combed my hair, put on the tiniest bit of makeup. I like the natural look, even if it means that I'm going to try out for the cheerleading team. At home I take out my anger on my family, at school, I grin and bear it. Sometimes I wish I could sell my life to someone else, but then again I would feel bad for the person that I sold my life to.I trudged down the steps, and into the small, ugly kitchen. I grabbed and orange from the fruit bowl on the blocky island that sticks out in our kitchen. I turned to leave, but my mother's words caught up to me before I could turn the knob. "Goodbye, sweetie." She spoke in a kind voice that irritates me so much, it makes a knot in my stomach.
"Later." I spoke back in a cold voice. Once I got out to the dim lighted hall, I looked down at my outfit and smiled. ( Bryn's outfit: payton m7.tumblr.com) I gulped in a breath and started down to the elevator. I pressed the nasty button to go down to the lobby.I got in the elevator and rode my way down in silence. Not knowing what to do with my hands so I pulled out my phone and swiped around on the screen. I arrived at my destination. I walked out of the elevator and walked to school.
***

"Ready, OK!!" I was at cheer tryouts. And it just so happens that the cheerleading captain is a stuck up brat. I can't stand her, but I try to be nice. Vanessa, wanted to hold the tryouts on the side lines of the football tryouts, just so she can flirt with all the guys and make a joke out of the weaker girls. It was low.The captain flipped her fake, dyed blonde hair and giggled the ugliest laugh. And yet, all the guys bought it. I was disappointed.