
"Ahhhh I think that they are the one"Said a girl with short black hair.

"Huh"Everyone turned there heads to see a girl with short black ahri with a small suitcase trudging be hide her.

"Evelyn?!"Said Ryuu,Fuyu,Rima and Liam. "Ehhhhhhhhh Ryuu and the rest what are you doing here?! Ahhh Rima long time no see you too liam even tho I saw you two about 2 weeks ago before you left" This so called Evelyn girl said.

Evelyn had short black hair that end at her shoulder.She wore a what sweater that had 'Fitch' On it. She wore knee-high jogging pants and she had black eyes that are actually brown but yeah.

"So your part of the exchange program back at Med(school name) Well Welcome to Japan and sorry for leaving out of the blue a week ago" Said Ryuu Fluently in English.

" do you speak so well in English You speak English better then that brat"Asked Atobe.

"You course I speak better then him and is good in speaking English. Wanna know why? BECAUSE.I.AM.CANADIAN You that stupid I was born there English is my first language Japanese is second. While for Ryoma it is Japanese first then English"Ryuu said annoyed.

"And its the same for us too"Said Rima.

"I have no idea what you said Ryuu but I know for sure what was going on and yes guy with the mole you are that stupid to not know or understand just wow" Said Evelyn

"Oh by the way.....  Ils ne savent pas que je suis une fille qu'ils pensent que je suis un garçon . Drôle non ?!"Ryuu said in what language oh yes french.

"Wa?!"They all said even Ryoma. "What did he say Kohimae"Asked Kintaro.

"Yeah what language is that Echizen"Asked the captain of shitenhoji team.

"Its was french. I don't know french because I lived in America and its education is a bit different from Canada all I do know that from grade four you start to learn french. And well they are Canadian so they know a little bit of french" Said Ryoma.

"I think is the longest sentence you ever said"Momo pointed out with the rest nodding. (WHERE THE HELL DID HE COME FROM ISINT HE SUPPOSED TO BE AT SEIGAKU) Oh I didn't tell you well he, and the other two finished so they took the bullet train and came here.(OK more sense now)

"Ils ne savent pas? Oh ok je l'obtiens . mais je l'appelle encore vous ryuu droit ?"Replied Evelyn.(I can give you the translation later if you want but you shall not know for now )

"Oui"Ryuu Replied.

"OK can you too please stop speaking in french and tell us whats going on"Groaned well everyone that you think should groan. lol I'm lazy today I am very sorry.(Yes but narrator-san doesn't have a day off today she already  had one yesterday)OK Why  dont you lead this chapter Author-san(Leave it too me go on Vacation)Fine Good luck. (I wont need it)