
A/N: So here's my new story Stay or Die. I apologize immediately for deciding to write this story instead of The Heavens of Flight. But the idea has been nagging in my mind for months so I had to write it down. Please enjoy~
Olivia's POV:
"Oi Katlyn James!" I called out to my sister, Katie. "Can you and Nicole SHUT UP?!" I growled. It's been only one week since my cousins Nicole Anderson and Alison Moore decided to be roommates with us, and yet their fangirling isn't helping anybody.
"Be quiet, onee-san," Katie grumbled, her blonde hair bouncing. "Stop being so grumpy just because that Naruto is over." She rolled her blue eyes.
A bouncing girl with short strawberry-blonde hair appeared next to Katie and wrapped her arm around her. "And don't you dare pretend that you aren't a fangirl, itoko." She accused, the teasing visible in her hazel eyes.
"We're all fourteen!!" I yelled.
"Sure, but you're an elder." Nicole mocked me.
My plain brown eyes widened and I scowled at Katie and Nicole. I crossed my arms and looked away from the two girls. "At least I don't fangirl every single second of the day. Katie, you are too obsessed with Hunter x Hunter and-"
I heard my little sister gasped. "Urusai! It's pronounced Hunter Hunter for your information!" She corrected me. "And it's not OBSESSION!!" I rolled my eyes. Yeah sure, I'll believe that.
"As I was saying," I continued on. "And Nicole, you like Ouran High School Host Club way too much for your own good!"
Nicole scoffed and scratched the back of her head. "It's just that Hikaru is my husband?" She nervously laughed. I groaned and slapped the back of her head.
"Not a good reason, Nicki!!" I yelled and punched the top of her head.
Katie gulped and gave me a poker face. "Tsundere much?" She joked while laughing. I groaned and threw my hands up in the air.
"I give up." I groaned.
"Finally give up on trying to stop their way of living?" A voice asked behind me. I jumped and turned around to see my cousin, Alison's ginger hair hanging upside down from the vents. "About time too."
I raised an eyebrow. "Alise...How did you even get up there and why are you up there?" I asked her.
Alise grabbed the bars of the vent and jumped down. She patted her ripped blue jeans and shrugged. "I have my ways, Olivia," she answered. "And my idol is Mizore Shirayuki, so I will follow some of her moves of course."
I scratched my blonde hair and my right eye started to twitch when she popped a lollipop in her mouth. Even you were fallen to be victim, Alise?
"I thought your favorite anime was Another, Alisa-san?" Katie tilted her head.
Alise shrugged. "I have my favorites, you know." She replied.
Nicki sighed and wrapped an arm around the short red-head. "My Kami, toshishita no itoko," She crossed her legs and placed a hand on her waist. My eyebrow twitched. The Hitachiin twins are really getting to her head.
"Ya know, I don't care if you're still sad about the Fast and Furious 7 ending tribute to Paul Walker. You don't to have like an emo around your elder cousins."
I groaned and punched Nicki's back. "Seriously?" I mumbled. "I'm Katie's older twin sister by three minutes, you were born three months later in June, and Alise was born in September."
Katie tilted her head and placed her hand on her chin. My little sister hummed before snapping her fingers. "It seems like 3 is our lucky number!" She exclaims and laughs.