
~last time~

"Yo Ryoma how life"Asked Fuyu. "Normal Fuyu-nii"Replied Ryoma.

~currently~

3rd pov

The Seigaku tennis team members along with Rima and Fuyu(a/n Ryuu and Liam were in the tennis team and were subs. They have played in a real match once at doubles. They are really strong.Like what do you expect there cousins are Ryoma and Tezuka)

Were talking until. "So you were here Rima"Said a blunette  wearing an orange-ish to yellow tennis uniform.

"Yukimura-senpai"Exclaimed Rima. Everyone turn around to see the captain of the Rikkaidai tennis teams.

Seiichi Yukimura Thrid year regular captain for the Rikkaidai tennis players.Called the Child of God since no one have ever beaten him except for Ryoma who broke his streak;-;

While Yukimura jogged up to them with 5 other people trailing be hide.

The rest of the five were the rest of the regular tennis members.

First the one to yell his name was Genichiro Sanada Third year regular,baseball cap loving, no emotions face, vice-captain and one of the three kings of Rikkaidai along with Yukimura.

Following Sanada is Renji Yanagi third year regular, data tennis, inui friend, one of the three kings and never repeat NEVER opens his eyes. he not like Fuji who's a tensai  and all but his eyes were never seen. He is also very quite kinda like Inui.

Next is Akaya Kirikara second year reagular. He also knows the one-footed split step. And love to claim he is the next captain to the Rikkaidai tennis team. He got this devil side to him when playing tennis and he is losing.Also he earned an nickname from Ryoma called sea weed hair,  he should be honored like Atobe who got monkey king.

Next is Bunta Marui thirs year regular.He always seen chewing gum even when playing in tennis matches.He mostly plays doubles with...

Kuwahara Jackal also an third year regular. He is well I don't really know and well he play doubles with Marui.

Next is Masaharu Nio another third year regular, who can copy anyone style of play and also act.(bet you that he is somehow he is related to Kisa Ryota in KnB) He mostly plays doubles with....

Hiroshi Yagyu  also another third year regular. He also love to cosplay as he is seen cosplaying as his doubles partner to trick his opponents.

And that is the Rikkaidai Tennis team regulars basically.

"Saaa what are the Rikkaidai members here. Saa did you also have to pick up those Canadian student so your one of the schools we will be competing against if I'm right."Said fuji with his saddist smile.