
Nicki nodded in agreement and then sighed. "I would give anything to live in the anime world." She admitted.
"I know!!" Katie exclaims as they high fived each other.
"Same here," Alise agreed, keeping her non-emotional shield up.
Suddenly the lights flickered on and off. Then the TV flashed bright red kanji letters on the screen. "What is that supposed to mean?!" I yelled at the TV.
"It says, 'so you want to get out of your world?'" Alise read. I glared at my younger cousin, I think one-hundred percent that she needs to have a break from her Japanese classes.
Katie pushed me to the side and smiled brightly. "OF COURSE!!" She basically shouted. I furrowed my eyebrows. Was that really necessary?
Shortly afterwards, Nicki joined my little sister and stuck her tongue out. "This world is B-O-R-I-N-G BORING!!" The strawberry-blonde complained.
The kanji letters suddenly started to rearrange itself. "You gotta be-"
"Then I will grant your wish on one condition," Alise interrupted me. I sighed. I give up...AGAIN!
"Do you accept?" She quoted the TV screen.
Nicki and Katie both let out wild fangirl screams which caused me to cover my ears. "OF COURSE WE ACCEPT!!" They yelled in sync. I scratched the top of my head. When did they learn to do that?
"Ah!" Realization has hit me. "Wait a minute! We don't know the condi-"
As I reached out for the two girls, a bright light suddenly flashed and the next thing we know, we were transported into a black room filled with many doors.
"Inside each door is a portal to every anime that humanity has created," a husky voice talked. I raised my eyebrows; that must be the person who kidnapped us from the TV.
Katie and Nicki gasped and looked at each other happily. They started to stomp their feet as they squeal loudly and hug each other. "Although," the two girls stopped. "You have to pick only ONE door."
"GOOD ENOUGH!" They yelled in unison.
"I'm going to agree with you," Alise let out a faint smile that quickly dropped once it appeared.
I crossed my arms and glared at the sky. "What's the catch, mysterious voice?" I demanded.
The voice was silent for a second and then there was a harsh laughter. "You'd have to stay there forever unless you die, which is most likely in the day that hits a quarter that you spent in that world." he announced loud and clear. That means there's a high chance in the 25, 50, 75, and especially the 100th day. Nicki gasped and started cheering.
"Ouran High School Host Club is very peaceful!!" She exclaims happily. "I can't die!"
The voice sighed and decided to continue from when he was interrupted. I feel your pain, bro. "But you can't pick the same door as each other." He finished.
My eyes widened. "WHAT?!?!?" My mouth is left agape and I frowned. If he thinks that we'll agree than he's-
"We accept." The three of them said in sync. I frowned once again. Not the time, people.
Suddenly, a dramatic emotion has fell upon the room. "Even if we don't see each other again," Katie started.
"We'll still be together by heart and spirit." Nicki continued.