
Cold. I'm so cold. This snow is relentless. It makes me wonder if it's ever going to end. This small restaurant isn't helping. All I have is a sweatshirt that I picked up in a near by store.
I haven't seen Kyle in three weeks. I hope he's okay.
I was held up in a small restaurant by myself. I ran out of food and have only a little water. I have five bullets in the clip of my pistol.
It's funny. I'm in a freaking restaurant and there's no food.
~*~
That morning, the snow had stopped and it was silent. And cold. I couldn't waste any time. I had to go find Kyle. I kind of remember where the spot where I lost him. It was only a few minutes away.
~*~
I finally got to the area. There was bloodstains on the ground from the people Kyle killed. Who were still there.
I could use the ammo. I took some clips from the dead bodies. Five rounds. Not much, but it would be useful. I also picked up a shotgun with a few rounds. Could come in handy.
The place where Kyle was behind cover was a large, fallen tree trunk. I looked behind the tree.
There was a large bloodstain.
Immediately, my mind went to the worst case scenario. I clamped my hand over my mouth and I dropped to my knees.
"Please," I said. "Please don't be dead..."
I heard the footsteps come from behind me. When I turned around, a man with a large knife slashed at my arm. It cut deep and my blood dripped onto the floor. I let out a yelp of pain. But I didn't have time to writhe.
I kicked the assailant away and pulled out my gun.
"You ain't gonna kill me! You ain't got the--"
*BLAM BLAM BLAM!*
I put three rounds into the man's chest and he fell to the ground and died. Number three.
I clutched my arm. It stung when I lightly touched it. I had some gauze in my backpack that Kyle gave to me.
Or I did.
"What?! Where did it go?!" I could've sworn I had some!
I decided to rip off a sleeve on my shirt and use that. I was loosing blood still. I began to walk back to the restaurant.
~*~
Half way there, my vision began to blur. I began seeing double. What's going on? I couldn't control myself. I lost my balance and fell down onto the ground near a large rock.
How did I end up like this. Scavenging for food and water and ammo, my arm oozing blood by the second, me being someone who only wants to survive and will take no chances in doing so.
I slowly began to loose consciousness when I saw the outline of a person coming towards me. Two people actually.
"Oh, shit. She's fading! Just grab her and let's go!" A person said. I had no energy to fight back so I lay there motionless. One man picked me up. "She's got a huge gash on her arm, man! I don't think she's--"
"Shut up! Shut up! Phillip can treat her. He's a doctor for God's sake!"
After about a few minutes of walking, well, not me, the people carrying me, I could make out the outline of a small building. It was then where I felt myself hit the ground and go unconscious.