
~Your P. O. V.~
The cold air whipped around you. You shivered at the cold.
'W-where am I?'
You slowly opened your eyes. You looked around. You seemed to be in…
'A store age room? Cellar?'
There were sacks of flour and sugar on the ground. It was pretty cramped. And you hated tight spaces. You tried to move your hands to hug yourself but there were ropes tied tightly around your wrists. You tried your feet but they were tied tightly too. You groaned in defeat.
Creak...
Your (E/c) eyes widened as the door creaked open. You swallowed the lump in your throat. You saw a glimpse of bright blue and tints of pink. Then strawberry blonde hair and a lavender purple sweater vest.
"Poppet~? Are you awake?" Oliver sang as he opened the door wider. Bright light shone through. You squinted your eyes to adjust to the light.
"O-oliver? W-where am I?" You asked looking at him as he came closer. He bent down to meet your eye level. For some weird reason, him being this close and sweet to you. Oliver actually looked... Attractive.
"Oh, good... You're awake!!! Now before I go into further details, I need you to make  promise to me." Oliver sang in your ears. "Can you do that, hmm?"
You shivered but nodded.
"O-ok,"
Oliver smiled and quietly clapped his hands.
"Yay, oh what fun we'll have?!" He cheered. "But first, want to play a game?" He asked smirking. You gulped.
"Game?"
"Yes, yes... A game. I'm pretty sure you know it. I've heard from Lovino that you used to play it all the time with him when you were young." He said while playfully tapping his chin.
"H-he did? What k-kind of game, then?" You stuttered.
"Oh I'm sure you heard of it. Its called 'Hide and Seek'" he said smiling and batting his blue eyes. You blinked, and stared at the Brit confused.
"Hide and Seek? Ok... What happens if I win?" You asked arching a perfectly shaped brow nervously. Oliver giggled.
"Then I let you go, of course. Its only normal too. Because, that would be very un-gentelmenly of me..." He pouted a bit.
'Damn you Oliver for being so cute!!!'
"I haven't been playing with anyone for such a long time. It would be nice if you would be willing to play with me." Oliver added playfully sighing.
You frowned. You almost felt bad for the freckled teen. But still, he was still holding you as hostage so you still weren't sure you should trust him.
"And what if I loose?" You asked this time with your eyebrows furrowing. Oliver's smile turned into a devilish smirk.
"Then you stay with here with me and be my little poppet." He purred in a low voice. You shivered.
'Zaym this guy can really give you the creeps...'
"Let's get started, shall we?" He sang standing up and going behind you. You turned your head around to see what he was going to do. He grabbed your hands tied behind your back and lifted you up forcefully.