
"Ow..." You mumbled.
"Whoops, sorry poppet~"
Oliver face you again in the front and bent down to the bottom of your legs. It made you feel weird when he bent down. He pulled out a small knife from his back pocket and cut the ropes that were tied tightly on your ankles. You slowly turned your ankles in circles and trying to relive the stinging rope burn you had on your (S/c) skin.
"So sorry about that poppet~ I didn't know I tied you that tight" Oliver apologized looking at your buised ankles.
"Just don't tie it so damn tight!" You muttered looking at him. Oliver covered his ears and pouted a really cute pout.
"Language poppet~ language!!! I will not tolerate such rudeness. Especially from a lady like you..." He whinned his cheeks dusted red. You blinked back suprized.
'Is this his weakness? Humf, this will be fun'
You smirked.
"Well, I don't give a damn..."
Oliver pluged his ears again, gritted his teeth and turned into a darker shade of red.
"Poppet~? What did I just say?!" He shrieked.
"I said: 'I don't gave a damn' dammit..." You teased him with your simple language. Which you concidered acceptable. But since you liked Oliver and took pitty on him, you decided not to say the rest of the 'swearing vocabulary'
"POPPET~!!! That's it, you need to be punished. I'll make it even harder for you." Oliver growled. He took out a lavender purple scarf and tied it around your eyes, making it all dark. He pushed you and directed you where to go.
You felt the ground when you tripped and fell. Your hands felt some stairs. Oliver picked you up and shoved you down them. You twisted your ankle that was already in pain and probally bruised your cheek when you hit the wall. The rest of the way, you technically tumbled down the stairs all the way to the bottom. You heard Oliver chuckle. You heard shuffling noises and they were heading towards you. You felt a cool, sharp, metal thing on your neck. It was being pressed deeper. Warm blood trickled down your neck.
"No cheating poppet~…" Oliver whispered in your ear. You nodded shakily. Now you were getting scared.
"B-before, we s-start... Do you mind t-telling me where we are?" You asked breathing heavily.
"Oh, schools finished. We're at the basement. Its not used much. So I thought this would be the perfect way to play our little game." Oliver replied smiling. He took the knife off your neck and cut the ropes that were still tied on your wrists.
"As what I was saying, (F/n)... I'll leave and give you a head start. I'll give you thirty minutes to hide in this big basement. But you cannot take the blindfold off until I say 'go'. Got that?" He asked stroking your back. You quickly nodded. Oliver hummed, obviously pleased that you were obeying him.
In real life you didn't actually didn't want to listen. You wanted to secretly take off your blindfold and see where the door is. But after you saw what Oliver is capable of doing, you decided to actually listen and over him.
Oliver giggled. You felt his tongue lick your neck where the blood dripped freely. He drank the red, salty, metallic liquid and grinned satisfied. You heard him get up and walked towards you assumed the exit.