
There it was again. That same creepy smile.
That creepy smiled belonged to Arthur Kirkland's third cousin. Oliver Kirkland. He was a year older than you, but he acted very immature.
You picked up the fallen papers and text books you had dropped. As Oliver passed by you, he chuckled and 'tsked' at you.
"Hmm, clumsy wittle poppet~ eh?" He sang, his bright-blue flashing at you. There were tints of pink which that finished off the creepy smile. He straightened his lavender purple sweater vest and whistled down the hall.
There was something strange about this, strawberry blonde, freckled teen you wanted to know more about. But you couldn't really talk to him that much because.
One: He barely is at school
Two: If he is, he isn't in any of your classes
Three: You were too shy or scared to.
He seemed like a nice guy. You wondered why he didn't have any friends? Or, why don't he ever hang out with Arthur? Questions flooded your head, as you thought more about Oliver....
"(F/n)? (F/n)?! (F/N)?!"
"Huh?" You blinked back and looked at the person who was calling your name. He had chestnut brown hair and a weird curl thingy on the left side of his head. His hazel brown eyes with speckles of gold were glaring at you. His hands were waving like crazy in front of your face.
"Bella ragazza! Were you-a even listening?!" Lovino snapped at you. You whacked his hand away from your face.
"Sadly no, Lovi... What was it you were saying?" You asked raising a brow. Lovino sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose.
"Do I seriously need to repeat myself?" He groaned giving you the evil eye. You giggled. You loved his humor. It was so... How should you describe it? Addictive...
"Uh-huh," you nodded.
"I asked if you were going to thay stupido meeting. You know? The one with the, uh, Arthur's third cousin? The one who bakes those surprisingly good cupcakes?" Lovino said as he watched the freckled, blue-pink eyed boy fix his blindng bow tie. He growled softly.
"Oh, uh..." You glanced at Oliver. "You mean Oliver's meeting? Sure! You coming?"
"Yeah, yeah. My one hell of an idiota brother forced me to come." He grumbled back. "Well anyway, I better be heading off to class, (F/n). Ciao!" And with that, he waved and disappeared to his next class.
~Le Time Skip~
You were walking down the empty halls to the caféteria. It was also empty. Your teacher let you skip class because you volunteered to help in the kitchen. Something to do with the pastries.
You heard humming, coming from the closed doors. It sounded very familiar.
'London bridge is falling downFalling downFalling downLondon bridge is falling downMy fair lady...'
You mouthed the lyrics to nursery rhyme and opened the kitchen door. You followed the humming till you saw him...
Strawberry blonde hair, little specks of freckles, and bright blue-pink speckled eyes. Oliver. This was your chance to ask him your long time questions. You closed your eyes and took a deep breath in. Once you opened your eyes. You were greeted by blue ones with tints of pink.