
~2 weeks later~
Beep! Beep! Beep!
You slowly opened your eyes as your alarm clock started to chime. You smacked it and it immediately stopped 'beeping'
7:42 a.m.
'Oh no,'
You ripped the blankets off you and did the same to your Jim Jams. You quickly slipped on a black tank top and (F/c) shirt. You reached in your closet and grabbed the first things your hands could grab hold on. They were your skinny jeans your friend from Canada,
{Me!!}
bought for you. You actually took sometime to read the brand name.
'Levi's' {XP oh gawd}
You mentality slapped yourself and slipped them on. You ran out your room and to the kitchen and grabbed a piece of toast greedily smothered in strawberry jam. You swung your 'jans sport' backpack over your shoulder and checked your phone.
7:50 a.m.
"Bye mama! Got to go! I'll be late for the meeting Oliver is holding!!!" You called out.
You mom's (H/c) hair framed her tired and sleepy eyes. She nodded, as she looked up from cooking the scrambled eggs.
"Ok, sweetie. Call me if you need to be picked up from school today, alright?" She reminded you. You nodded in response and closed the door behind you.
~Le time skip~
"Sorry I'm late! I forgot to set my alarm clock to 7:00 a.m. and so I'm late!" You explained really fast as you burst through the doors where you were supposed to meet Oliver for the meeting.
"Oh poppet~! (N/n), dearie! There's no meeting today! I cancelled it yesterday!" Oliver giggled shaking his head. He was holing a tray of cupcakes with red icing. Your stomach was grumbling. You hadn't eaten yet. And you were starving.
"Oliver, do mind if I have a cupcake? I didn't have any breakfast" you groaned scrunching up your eyebrows then squeezing your eyes shut.
"Of course, poppet~! You didn't even had to ask!" He grinned handing you a cupcake. It looked to perfect. The red icing matched the cake part. You took a big bite out of it. The flavors danced in your mouth. It was like a symphony, performed on the key of sugar and other sweet things.
You hummed satisfied.
"Yum, this was by all most my favourite so far, Oliver. You've really outdone yourself this time. What did you use for the icing?" You asked licking your lips.
Oliver shrugged and crossed his arms.
"Oh, it was simple, really. I mean, Queenie's blood does add alot of colour to it, do you agree?" He asked smirking.
You stopped in mid-chew.
'Did he say, blood? Queenie's blood?'
"I-I beg your p-pardon?" You stuttered, eyes widening.
"Yes, (F/n). Queenie's blood. Oh, that doll wouldn't shut up will she? Obviously I had to do something about that so I can silence her. Blood can come in so useful you know?" He sighed looking up and tapping his chin. "Oh, and by the way. Hope the drug I put in there wasn't too strong. I wouldn't want the sweetness of the icing being overpowered by it... Ah, such a pitty that would be. Not to mention, a waste of good blood."