
"'Ello, poppet~" he smirked staring at your (E/c) orbs. "(F/n), right? Were you the one assigned with me?" He asked looking more excited.
"Uh, y-yeah..." You stuttered getting a little freaked out at him staring at you.
"Oh goodie!! What wonderful news!" Oliver exclaimed clapping his hands like a little boy, "oh, dearie (F/n). Its a good thing they assigned you with me! I was always so interested in you! Just the way your (H/c) matches your (E/c) sparkling eyes! Ah, its like you were sent by God himself!" He sighed.
You felt your stomach twist. Little fluttery things started to form.
'Butterflies?'
You placed your hand on your stomach, eyebrows furrowing. Oliver caught you and thought that you were sad. He stroked your hair.
"Poppet~? What's wrong? Don't you want to be assigned with me?" He asked eyes growing big. You looked up at him.
"No, no... I like being assigned with you. Its just, my stomach. It feels funny," you replied shaking your head. He smiled warmly.
"Well don't worry. Once we get started, I'm sure it'll go away." He said taking your hand and leading you to the kitchen counter. There were several bowls and pans filled with different coloured batter and icing. A few spills and splatters were on the walls and floor as well. You saw a girl with ash-blonde hair and flashing steel-grey eyes sprinkling some heart shaped sprinkles on top of the perfectly made cupcakes. She looked up as you and Oliver can in. She smiled warmly at you.
"Poppet~? This is Queenie. Queenie, this is (F/n)" Oliver announced re-tying his apron.
Queenie wiped her hands on her apron and offered you a hand shake.
"Hello, (F/n). I'm looking forward to be working with you. Not to mention, that (F/c) shirt you're wearing, its gorgeous." Queenie complimented you. You blushed and shook her hand as your (H/c) covered your face.
"T-thank you Queenie. As do I," you stuttered nervously. Oliver slipped an apron over your head and tied it for you. He grabbed your hand led you to the oven.
"(F/n), dearie. You do know how to bake, right?" He asked double checking. You nodded and tied your hair into a messy pony tail.
"Perfect, (F/n)! I can't wait to get started!" Oliver cheered.
"Actually, I lied... I can't bake," you admitted looking down. He looked at you with more tints of pink started to appear in his blue eyes.
"You lied?" He hissed in a low voice. "Well, that wasn't very lady like of you." He took a step towards you. You slowly stepped back, but you accidentally placed your hand in the burning stove.
"ACK! DAMMIT!" you screamed in pain. You ran to the sink and turned in the tap. Cold water washed over the stinging pain.
"Poppet~!!! Such language! That'll be $1.00!" Oliver snapped back grabbing a jar filled with money. It was labeled: The Swearing Jar "Come on, dearie. If you pay up, I'll forget about you not knowing how to bake."
You sighed and pulled out a shiny coin and dropped it in the jar. "Sorry," you mumbled. Oliver smiled and hugged you tightly.
"Aawww, that's my good little poppet~!" He cooed playing with a strand of your (H/c) hair. "Now let's get started!!!"