
"D-drug?" You stuttered.
Oliver nodded and smiled that same creepy smile. Your eyelids felt heavy. And your legs felt weak. You placed your hand on your throbbing head and squeezed your eyes shut.
Suddenly, you fell into the arms of the starwbrry blonde haired boys arms. He giggled, more tints of punk appeared in his blue eyes.
"Tsk, tsk, oops... You had a little too much cupcakes didn't you, poppet~?" He smirked, "Well that will teach you about not taking candy from strangers. After all, we did just meet two weeks ago."
{Oliver's P. O. V.}
I dragged, (F/n)'s limp body over to the kitchen. Even when she was sleeping she looked cute. I was tempted by her beauty. I reached down and gently caressed her cheek. Then gently pinched them. My eyes were rimmed with tears. She looked just like... I couldn't bring myself to repeat that name. I brushed the tear off my eyes and leaned her against the wall.
I grabbed some rope and tied her arms behind her back and her legs. I sighed during the process.
"Hhmm, this will keep you still for the whole day... Um, I'll get you loaded in my car after school." I muttered to myself. "But first, I'll have to do something about your things."
I ran back to the meeting room, which wasn't really far and grabbed (F/n)'s stuff. As I turned to go back out the door, my good for nothing cousin was outside.
"Ollie, what are you doing with (F/n)'s things?" He asked arching one of his caterpillar eyebrows. (Which I totally didn't inherite from him!)
"Oh, um... Her things?" I played with my thumbs. "I saw them here and thought that she probably forgot them here yesterday. So I'll maybe just hang on to it until schools over." I lied smiling.
Arthur looked at me this time with his eyebrows furrowed together. It made the two caterpillars look like one big one. "Oh, alright. Do you need anything for me to do? Alfred and the gang isn't here yet." He asked smiling a bit.
I frowned, "Oh, there is one thing I suppose."
"And what is that?"
"Can you tell your parents I'll be moving back to my house in two days time. The repair man said he's finished fixing it." A smile crept upon my face. I was tingling with excitement.
"Oh, of course. I'll be sure to come by and visit that catering shop of yours!" Arthur smiled clicking his tongue then winking at me. "See you later, Ollie ya ol' chap!" He waved his hand and whistled down the empty halls to the field.
I chuckled. "Oh, you'll see alright... And you'll be seeing (F/n) too,"
I felt little tints of pink starting to form in my eyes.
'Rest in peace, Queenie. Oh don't you just love to talk. Such a shame isn't it? If you would only have shut up for at least two minutes, you would still have been able to live another day. Hopefully you're sending your regards to (F/n). Maybe she'll shut up when I tell her to."