
"Justin, it's not safe. You have to go." My mom sobs heavily. "No! I'm not leaving. Who did this to you? What happened? What's going on?" I question her.
"Justin there everywhere. You have to go! Now. I'll be ok. Just go sweetie." Mom sobs, only this time she sounds weak and her eyes seemed to be closing.
"Mom... Mommy please don't." I mumbled, feeling my tears run down my face and I hold my mother in my arms closely. "I love you." I tell her, hoping that my word would somehow do something.
My mom simply smiles and then that's the last of it. Moms eyes closed completely and her breathing had stopped. My crying only grows ten times more for the death of my mother in my arms.
When I see my mom not waking up, I picked her up and carefully lay her on her bed, before rushing outside.
"WHO ARE YOU?WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO MY MOTHER? SHOW YOURSELF!" I scream at the top of my lungs, wanting my mothers murderer to present themselves.
I'm quickly taken by surprise, when my body is being pushed against a wall, and my body quickly collapses on to the ground. My back hurts, but I manage to stand up.
My eyes scan the area and he I see no one. "SHOW YOUR SELF!" I yell.
With a blink of an eye, I see a tall man before my eyes. He's covered in blood. His eyes are a light tiny of red and his vain are completely noticeably around his eyes.
The man doesn't say away. He takes a few steps closer to me and I feel my heart racing against my chest. The man places his hand on my neck and slowly lifted me up from my feet.
The man then chuckles before clinging his sharp teeth into my neck. My instincts let out a scream in pain. I try to do everything I can to get the man off of me, but he's too strong.
Boom! A loud shot gun goes off and the next thing I see, I the man who was killing me falls on the floor besides me. But he's not dead. I look up to see Ryan in front of me with a pistol in his hands.
"LETS GO!" Ryan shouts.
I waste no time and run down the streets with Ryan. "Where gonna get you help. Just put some pressure on your neck." Ryan breaths out, as we continue to run down into town, hoping to get help, but there was no help for me.
The pain in my neck was too much. It was radiating all over my body. I could feel the pain everywhere. It was a pain I never felt before. It was uncontrollable. My body began to twitch, and bend in the most agonizing ways and the next thing I knew, I let out a piercing scream.
Year 2015
She was running. Her legs sprinted, carrying her into the woods as fast as she could. She was fast, but not fast enough because I was faster.
"Running won't do you anything darling." I chuckle.
I run, and quickly find myself stopping the strange blonde in front of me. Her eyes are red from crying, and I could sense her being nervous. Her thoughts were nothing but scared ones.
"Please leave me alone. Please." She mutters, her voice cracking as she struggles to speak.
"Darling. I can't do that, you see I'm hungry." I pout, looking at her pulsing vain. I could feel my body running in excitement. My eyes darkening, doing that strange, unexplainable thing when I was about to feed.
"Please don't!" The blonde shouts as I pull her in close to me. My mouth finds her neck quickly and my fangs sink in.