
Song- "Bad to the bone" - George 'Thorogood_______Year ~ 1940
The cold air hits my face as my friends and I walk down the cold nights in Canada. My bestfriend Ryan and I had just been on a date with two girls in our school. We took them dancing and since the two young lady's had curfew we chivalrous sly walked them back to there houses.
As of now Ryan and I were on our own, walking down the empty streets on our way back to our house. You see Ryan and I are neighbors and we basically grew up together.
"So are you ready for college next fall? Mom wants me going in for medicine." I bring up conversation. Ryan chuckles and shakes his head.
"What's so funny?" I ask him. Ryan stops me in the middle of the street only a few meters away from our houses.
"I'm not going to college Justin." Ryan says seriously. "What do you mean your not going to college Ryan?" I ask him, somewhat growing concerned.
Ryan opens his coat, and I watch him pull out a paper from his pocket.
I take the folded paper and open it up. It's a flyer with the picture of Uncle Sam with the words convincing young American men to join the war in Europe.
"Ryan, your not even American." I chuckled, handing back his flyer.
"Doesn't matter bud. I've been accepted. The United States needs soldiers and the more the merrier to win this war. I've been accepted." Ryan places the paper in his pocket.
"Ryan. Your crazy. You could get killed you know." I state, glaring at him in anger. "I'm taking the risk. President Roosevelt has promised the country pay. I need to get my mother out of her poverty." Ryan explains.
"Ryan, there has to be another way. College will get you a job and you will succeed with your family." I tell him, hoping he'll back down from the idea.
"I can't afford college Justin." Ryan states, I can see his eyes water. "Ry..." "I have to do this Justin. For my family." Ryan weakly says.
Neither of us said anything else. I simply opened up my arms for him and took him in. "Things will workout Ryan. Promise me you'll be safe out there." I mumbled. "Aren't I always." Ryan chuckles.
Ryan and I let go of each other and we continued to walk down our street, almost home. "So when do you leave?" I ask him. "Next month. I have to so make some officials paper work in the states and from then on, I'll see where I go." Ryan informs.
Before I could even dare say another word, loud screams interrupt our conversation. "What the hell?" Ryan mumbles.
Looking at each other quickly, Ryan and I ended up run down the street until we reached a few houses away from ours. All I see is fire, and dead bodies on the streets.
"Mom." I muttered to myself. When j look to my right, I don't see Ryan besides me anymore. I see him running across the street into his house and I do the same.
Rushing into my house, I shout. "MOM!" "MOM WHERE ARE YOU?!?"
I ran through the kitchen, living room, bathroom but no one was there. It wasn't until I hear my moms cries and shouts from upstairs that I find myself sprinting into her room.
"MOM!" I shout. My mom lays weakly on the floor besides her bed. There's blood oozing from her body. Instant years form around my eyes.
"Oh my god... Mom. What happened?" I asked, picking her up in my arms.