
Frank Iero's Point Of View
Today is dragging, then again it could have something to do with the fact that I'm in math class right now and well, math sucks. It's fourth period on a Monday so that means that next I have... gym! Fuck, this cannot go well, I sure hope that Ryan and his 'gang' don't fucking beat my ass today.
Mr Nicholson was droning on and on about some math equation on the board which I'm pretty sure we are supposed to complete, but I don't understand it and I can't understand what he's saying to help us with it. When will this lesson end?!
The bell rings, answering my question as to when lessons ends; now. Well fuck, I have to go to gym now, God have mercy! I get out of my seat and turn to pack my bag, now I guess if I don't want to be beaten to a pulp, I should probably run... and with that thought, I bolted out the door and to my locker.
I stopped my locker and opened it, placing my math book and other things inside, leaving just my PE kit with me... well I better get to class now.. The bell sounds, signaling each student has 3 minutes to get to lesson before they count as late.
I walked into the locker room, as quickly and quietly so I won't get beat... clearly I was to focused on speed and quietness that I didn't really look where I was going and bam my face is against someones chest. I quickly step back to apologise but I don't have time as I can see his fist flying towards me. I try and hide the blow by crossing my arms over my face but whoever they are punched me in the stomach instead... well fuck that hurt. I chanced a quick look up to see who my abuser was, surprise no fucking suprise it's Ryan! Now that's just fabulous.
"Watch where you're going, Faggot!" Ryan belted towards me oh shit what am I meant to say? "I- uh I I I'm s-sorry" I pathetically manage stutter out, however he doesn't seem to care. "Sorry doesn't cut it, Iero!" well well, someone one is on their man period, I giggle at the thought. "What's funny, Iero? 'Cause I'm not laughing! " well fuck, fuck me I'm dead. The next thing I know I'm being held against one of the lockers in the room and feel my head being shoved against the locker. "See nothing is funny now, is it Faggot?""N-no Ryan n-no s-s'not""Did I tell you to answer back? Huh?""I-" and I'm cut off by being dropped to the floor, and a kick to the stomach. Fuck I can't breathe... i need to get out of here fuck shit. "Yeah that's what I thought, Iero" and with one final kick to the face, he leaves.
'Well isn't this great' I thought myself, I'm sitting here against a wall; short of breath and a bleeding nose also probably a bruise coming by now.
Why is it me? What have I ever done to those twats? Oh that's right, nothing! I am so done, it's a never-ending cycle in which I can't stand. I can't stand this life, the people who make me miserable and most of all I can't stand myself... I hate myself so so much. I am done. Fuck it, fuck this, fuck everything. It's time for the story of Frank Iero to end, this is the big plot twist, but this plot twist ends the story. This is the end of my story.
I stand up, slowly as I'm still in pain clearly not really noticing I was crying until one of the tear drops fell onto my converse-clad foot. I creeped out of the locker room and into the hall, I stopped off at my locker and grabbed my little tin, the content of this tin however is going to help me take the pain away. That's right, this tin contains razor blades... why do you keep it in your locker at school you ask, well it's in case of emergencies I guess. I put the tin in my bag, and leave the building then the premises all together.
I check the time, 1:30pm... so that's 10 minutes until dinner brake at school. Fuck I better run home before they get out to go to Starbucks or some shit. Slowly I start to run, picking up my pace slightly. I run across a road, down a street then through an alley, later followed by going across the road and around a left corner then I'm about 10 minutes away from home. I continue running, then I make a sharp turn, not really looking where I'm going and then bam, I'm sat on my arse on the floor covered in what smells like coffee. Fuck, who have I ran into...?
-------------------- -------------------- -------------------
Authors Note:
So in the next chapter Gerard will be introduced and well we'll see what happens! I imagine it will be up by about Monday possibly. Anyway, this is the first chapter and this is my first fic so I hope you'll like it!
Xo, Gwen