
Bree's pov
I was walking down the hall towards ap French when whispers erupted from the people who were talking on the sides. I quickly turned around to see Allison dilaurentis and her posse Emily, Aria, and Hannah. they stopped right in front of me. "hey its bree right? good ok im ali, we were wondering if you wanted to come to a party tonight, it would be so cool!" I looked up at her. What do i do this is the it girl. I pushed back my shoulders. "Id love too" ali smiled "thats great, we are all meeting at my house to get ready, ill send you the adress." I nodded and watched as they walked of i smiled and turned around yelping when i came face to face with chace. He had a look of disaproval on his face"Bree alison and her group are a bad influence you shouldnt hang out with them." I smirked and brushed past him not aknowladging his comment, hes just jealous that i was noticed and he wasnt. I super speeded off to the house. Running down to the lab. I had to pock a dress somthing hot but not to flashy. I scrolled through the cyber desks list of cloths i stopped when i saw the perfect dress. It was blue with sequins and it was exactly her size. I hit the transfer button and watched as the dress molecularly assembled in my capsule. I heard the buzzer that indicated it was ready and i ran to grab my dress.
AT ALISONS HOUSEI sat on ali's bed and watched alison try on dress after dress. She finally put on a pink tight fitted dress and she squeld "this is the one!" I nodded and ali came over to do my hair. After hours of work all of us, aria, em, hannah, ali, and me were ready to go. We walked out the door of allisons house and towards her car. My first party!We got to the frat house and the first thought i had was about how wild and full of people this place was. Allison and hannah took my hand dragging me onto the dance floor and five minutes later i was on my second drink and dancing along to die young by ke$ha. Aria walked up to me and grabbed my hands dancing along with me."So coming to this party wasnt just an invetation to well... This party. We want you to hang out withis all the time. We want you apart of our group." She finished, i stood their shocked. Me. They wanted me apart of their group. I grinned and nodded. She laughed, handed me another drink and started dancing.ONE HOUR LATER******I stumbled across the room. Mostly everyone cleared out already. The rest of my group was passed put or upstairs with some guy. I could try to super speed home but i was so drunk that if i tried i would fall over. Adam couldnt pick me up he was put of town with tasha and mr. Davenport. Chase. I quickly pulled out my phone, hesitating before dialing his number. Oh boy he was gonna be so pissed. I put the phone toy ears and waited. Finally chases voice filtered through the phone."Bree! Were the hell are you?" He said sounding panicked. I tried to gather my thoughts."Im.. Umm somewhere..." I slirred and then giggled. I heard him sigh "god your drunk, ill track your gps location dont move!" I giggled im so messed up.
30 MINUTES LATERChase pulled up outside the frat house and got outside running towards me. " bree are you ok?" He hugged me "oh god you smell like alchohol". Je helped me home and layed me in my bed. Sleep overcame me.