
Hi, my name is Lauren. I'm a demigod from Camp Half-Blood. My friends are also demigods that go to camp. There's my best friend Brea a Hermes kid with her little brother Joshua. (well, he's not that little. Just a year younger.) There's also a Hades named Ava and an Apollo named Julian. Don't forget Daphne (Aphrodite) and Victoria (Zeus). Victoria gets a little lonely when her brother Jason and Daphne's sister Piper go visit Camp Jupiter. And finally there's kind hearted Sadie. And if your wondering what I am, well I'm Demeter. They even call me recycle girl at school.
🌾🌻🌾🌻🌾🌻🌾🌻🌾🌻🌾🌻🌾🌻🌾🌻🌾🌻🌾🌻🌾🌻
Oh my gods, I haven't started at the very beginning. Well, here it goes. Me, Ava, and Brea are in the same class for math and as we started, Mrs. Fuller (math teacher for middle school.) introduced 10 new students. Here was a tall guy who had sea green eyes and coal black hair swooshed in one direction. He was holding hands with a girl who had stormy gray eyes and straight blonde hair tied up into a bun with little curls sticking out. And I'm guessing they're a couple. Hold on, there were 2 more couples in the group of new kids. There was a blonde kid with blue eyes (like Victoria's) and he was holding hands with a tan girl with choppy uneven hair (some pieces of her hair were braided) and she had the same coffee brown eyes as Daphne's. There was this Asian guy with dark hair and brown eyes and he was with a girl with hazelnut hair and dirt-brown eyes.Now there were also twins. They had the same blue eyes as Brea and Joshua's with freckles and the same bright teeth. One had a satchel full of water balloons and they both had sneakers with, wait, WINGS? Anyways, there was one who looked dull. He had long black hair that was up to his biker jacket collar. He had dark brown eyes (like Ava's), bags as if he was reading the whole night (like what I do sometimes) and he wore a skull ring. And the last one looked depressed. He was Hispanic with curly brown hair and he wore a belt with suspenders. For some reason, all of them wore an orange shirt with Greek writing on it except for 3 of the and that dull guy. He just wore a normal shirt, while the other 3 wore shirts that said S.P.Q.R on it. The people with the orange shirt,well for some apparent reason, I could read it like I had ADHD or something. And it said, WAIT WHAT? CAMP HALF-BLOOD? Omg, are these really the characters from Rick Riordan's books?I looked at Ava and Brea and they had the same expression."Mrs. Fuller," I asked. "I left my book in the library. May I go get it?""Of course sweetie," she replied "Ava, dear, you have a question?""Yes um........ Can I go to the restroom?" She asked "I think I'm going to puke." "Sure. Just tell me if you do so I can send you to the nurse, ok?" Mrs. Fuller said."All right." Ava answered."Brea, you?" Mrs. Fuller asked. " Can I go with Ava?" She asked "I need to go badly."" You 3 can go, just don't be late for class!" She said as we ran into the library. " Did you guys um..... Notice the students?" Brea asked." YAH!" Me and Ava yelled. "Ok, ok, goodness, you might want to call the others?" Brea told Ava." They'd still in class," I said " just text them.""Ok, ok, you ready Annabeth?" asked a voice. "Tell me why I'm doing this?" asked another voice. I'm guessing that was Annabeth." Because your Athena." answered the first voice." Alright. I'll do it." said Annabeth. After Annabeth said that, all 3 of us ran to the opposite side of her. But as I saw an interesting book, she caught us."Wait, where are we going? Brea asked Annabeth."To get all 8 of you to camp." She replied"Wait,"I said"C-c-c-camp Half-Blood?""Of course," Annabeth said"we're not Roman, well Jason, Frank, and Hazel are, but off topic. Frank and Hazel got Daphne and Julian, while Jason and Piper got Joshua, Victoria, and Sadie.""But I thought you guys were fake!" Ava said"What about uncle Rick?""Oh," Annabeth said" that's Chiron's fake name. He writes about our adventures.""C-c-c-chiron? I asked."Yup." Said the first voice. As all of us turned around, we saw Travis with a water balloon ready to throw."Travis, where's Conner?" Annabeth asked. Just after she asked, Jason and Piper came in with Joshua, Victoria, and Sadie."They got you too?" Victoria asked."Well duh. They're gonna take the whole class to Camp Half-Blood." Ava answered. Just as the rest entered, Daphne fainted. Leo gave me a surprised look."She does that a lot when she sees people." I answered him."Must be and Aphrodite." Percy said. Nico nodded in agreement.As they led us out, they brought us to the Argo II. All 8 of us looked up, eyes wide."Welcome to the new improved Argo II." Leo said confidently. "I will be your captain from here to N.Y." As we went on, he showed us our rooms. Leo had made 9 more beds. (8 for the class and 1 for Nico.) Leo showed me mine himself."So," I asked. "Um.... What happened to Calypso?""She works for Khione now." He said so depressed"Why?" I asked."I dunno." He said. I hugged him tight. Then He got up."Thanks for trying to make me feel better." He said"Your welcome." I said. And we left for Camp Half-Blood.As we got to camp, we got claimed and Sadie slept under the stars near where Thalia's Pine used to be.