
Kayla . Friday . 12:30
"Malaysia hurry up! Were gonna be late." I told Malaysia who was in the bathroom applying on some lip balm.
"You should never rush perfection." She told me. I shook my head and walked downstairs to put on my trainers and getting my sports bag.
"Alright let's go!" She said grabbing her sports bag also. We then walked over to the athletics track that we went to every Friday. It was only a 15 minute walk from my apartment.
I'm Kayla Renner. I'm 26 years old and still single. I am not a virgin though.. Lost it when I was 19, but thats another story.. I'm kind of what you call the 'perfect' Instagram girl.. Yep I'm Instagram famous.. I don't let it get to my head though. I work at an Public Offices Inc. I'm just an assistant there.. I usually get gigs from people hitting me up on Instagram though..
Malaysia is 25. Shes single but not single. Shes a P.I.M.P. A playa.. I don't know. She just fucks guys and then thats it. I wouldn't call her a hoe though.. We've been best friends since high school.. Shes very loyal to me. Shes like me getting gigs on insta and blah. She works with me as an assistant also.
I usually like peace and quiet unless i go to the club for the gigs.. I like reading and staying indoors unless you know and i love staying fit! Malaysia is more crazy and wild and all that and she loves staying fit as well.
"I spy a lil nigga looking at you.." Malaysia said snapping me out of my thoughts.
I rolled my eyes "ew. No and no." I said putting my sports bag beside Malaysia's on the bench. She shook her head. We then took a quick selfie.
@KaylaRenner - #FitThickArmy🙋. @MalaysiaRenne ✨🙆.
Then after we went to working out. I ran track.. Probably since middle school though. I used to be so in love with football when I was in high school as well.
______
6:20
"Whew. I'm so tired, i can't wait to jump into bed. Oh shit i have to go somewhere with Marcus.." Malaysia said clearly annoyed.
"Go now then, or you'll be late." I told her as i picked up my sports bag.
"I don't wanna leave you walking on your own.." Malaysia said.
I shook my head "its cool I'll be fine." I said reassuring her.
"Alright bye!" She said after a minute then walked off.
I got my phone out and put my earphones in. I walked home jamming to J.cole - Shes Knows.
"And i know she knows.." I sang quietly.
______
I laid on my bed more tired than usual. Its probably because i spent half of my time singing and dancing to all of J.Coles songs on his new album 2014 Forest Hills Drive. Anyways.. I was about to dose off but i decided to scroll thorough insta..
@TremaineAldon - Got 2 bitches tonight..
I rolled my eyes. I honestly didn't even like him. He was so cocky and he thought he was the shit! Everyone's always hopping on his SMALL dick but i just don't see why everyone's so in love with him to be honest. Bitches only want him because of his money.
I only follow him because.. I don't exactly know why.. But whatever. He follows me back funny enough. But i still don't like him. Annoying ass..
I took a quick selfie on my phone.
@KaylaRenner - Tired from what work-out today. Night insta✨.
I was about to put my phone down as soon as i got a comment.
@TremaineAldon - goddamn ma.
I rolled my eyes. Ma? I have a fucking name. Its even in my bio. Whatever I'm not pressed. I ignored his comment and got off insta. I then put my phone on charge and finally dosed off.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••- New book! I hope you guys like this.. - I'm still carrying on with denied love although its nearly finished. - I hope to get some good feedback as i want to know if i should carry on this book or not. - Sorry for any mistakes😂.