
Hey guys just to let u know these first couple chapters are going to be about everyone leaving for tour and such... I will be discussing how Laura was invited to tour and background info... Enjoy! ---------------------------------------------------
Laura's pov
Today is definitely a sad day for me... My best friends are leaving for tour, that's right R5 is going on tour across the United States for the summer. Don't get me wrong I'm happy for them, they are like my family, literally I spend more time with the Lynch's then with my own sister but I am kinda bummed, Ross and I had planned so many events together and to hang out, but now I will be all alone during the summer... And also I am so sad because Rydel promised me a shopping spree and multiple sleepovers but with the tour the only thing left is video chat,text, and call.
Ross' Pov
So yesterday I told Laura the news about the tour and oddly enough she was happy, I mean sure she should be happy but come on, if it were vice versa and she went on tour an I were to stay home I would be balling my eyes out... Is that bad, am I not a supportive friend. I just wish there were some way for Laura to come with me, come with us... Maybe there is...
"Mom!!!"
"Honey what's wrong?" Stormie replied
"Well I was tthinking about the whole tour thing and " then my mom cut me off
"Ohh you're afraid to go because you don't want to leave Laura behind, well this is a once and a life opportunity Ross, girls will come around when you come home in five months I can guarantee she will be waiting right at that airplane hate for you hun."
"Well actually I wanted to tell you..." (Thinking) how did my mom know that I never told anyone I felt bad about leaving Laura behind...
"Honey tell me what. What's with the confused look? Are u alright?"
"Yea I'm fine it's just I wish Laura couldCome with us on tour, it would be so much better since she is going to be home alone because her sister is leaving for filming and her parents are going on an anniversary trip to Hawaii... And she hates being alone and no one will be home to protect her, and what if she gets hurt... It could happen, or or even kidnapped!"
"Ross, sweetie calm down Laura is grown up, practically the same age as u, she can handle herself, trust me I wish she could come on tour to. Rydel would love that and she is like my second daughter but u know the record label said only guests are allowed to travel with us if they are a part of tour."
"Well mom, what if I found a gig for Laura in the tour, she is a songwriter, maybe she could be opening act or sing a duet with someone...Like me :) "
"Well honey, first we will have to call the record label and see if they would accept it, then if they agree we can invite Laura to tour the U.S.A. with us!"
-------------------------------------------------Hey guys! What's up! I hope u enjoy this so far! I new at the while writing a story so if anyone has any pointers It would be appreciated and shout outs will be given! Anyways comment what u think so far! Also comment what state I should start the tour in, the Touring will begin in a few chapters once Laura is invited on tour... I knowPredicable! But seriously comment what state to start off in as well as any pointers! Be sure to vote
~Tika :)