
Alexis's POVI look out the window as the bus flies down the highway. I was finally going to see my twin sister after 16 years. Freshman year, my school wanted students to not get too dependent on phones and texting. Their solution was to join a pen pal program. We would write letters to other students our age that were also in the program. Burns High School in New Jersey would now get to exchange letters with Vernon High School in California. I joined because meeting new people sounded fun. Out of all the people that could've been my pen pal, my twin sister was not the person that I expected. We didn't know about it at first. It started off with the basics: types of classes, do you have a boyfriend, what were your parents, siblings, friends like. I found out she was adopted like me. When she sent a picture of herself, I thought it was a joke. She looked just like me. We had exchanged numbers a few letters in, so I called her. We found out that we were born at the same hospital, and our parents had died the same way. Our mom died shortly after giving birth to us and our father had died months earlier in a car crash. We were put into the same foster care system. Then, different people adopted us and we grew up never learning we had someone else. When junior year hit, we learned we were going to meet our pen pals over winter break.
It was then that we devised the plan. After meeting we would lead the other's life until the summer. Of course, we'd have to switch back sooner if our parents found out. Over the course of a few months, we learned everything about each other. Emily did cheerleading, softball, and dance. She had a boyfriend that she's been dating for a year, and she has a lot of friends. I do gymnastics, basketball, and softball. I play clarinet in my school's band and love to read. In a few minutes, I will finally get to meet my twin sister.
Emily's POVAfter 2 years of talking with Alexis, I was finally going to meet her. Before I left I spent as much time I could with Jason because I wouldn't see him again for months. It's going to be hard being away from him and letting someone else cuddle with him and kiss him. He might figure it out though because I doubt Alexis is that good of an actress to make him believe that everything's okay.
The bus pulls up to the park where we're meeting and we get off. "Everyone stand in line. Students from Burns High will state their pen pals name and then the corresponding student will come forward and you two can go wander and talk." someone from Burns announced. They called out a few students' names before reaching us. "Alexis Summers". She walks forward and I gasp. She looks exactly like me, more than the picture showed. It was like looking in a mirror. "My pen pal is Emily Young" she says nervously. I walk towards her and everyone starts whispering about us. "Are you girls twins?" asked Mr. Richy, the principal of my school. "Uhh nope we just look alike" I mutter. "Come on Lex, let's talk" I say as I drag her away. "Emily, are we really going to say we're not twins? We look the same.""It'll raise too many questions, we can't.""Fine. But we have to get our story straight before we leave" Alexis says nervously. "Let's get started then. What do you want to know?"