
I blushed slightly, once again recalling his touch.
"Perhaps you paid off your punishment." I let out a relieved sigh. Unfortunately, he kept talking.
"But that wouldn't be very entertaining.~"
That sly bastard.
"Tch." I walked past him and stopped. "You can serve it."
I continued to walk out of the kitchen. Standing in the hallway, I pondered my next job.
"EEEK!" I screeched as I felt hands pulled me backwards into someone's arms.
"Shh... it's alright my love."
'No it's not!!'
Sebastian held me tightly as I frantically tried to squirm away from him.
His finger traced up and down my body gently.
"L-let me go!!"
Sebastian brought his face to my ear and whispered. "My dear, your body is so addictive.~"
His lips brushed against my neck and I let out a whimper.
"Sebastian p-please!"
His hand trailed down my waist slowly.
'Oh my god...'
"BASSY! WHERE ARE YOOUU?"
Sebastian parted from me quickly as soon as we heard the odd voice. Down the hall, someone with red hair and a matching coat was running full speed at Sebastian and I.
"BASSY!" The odd one lunged towards Sebastian.
The butler stepped to the side and let the redhead plunge face first onto the floor.
"What are you doing here, Grell?" Sebastian sighed in annoyance.
The woman... or man... named Grell sprung up and pouted.
"Sebas-chan!! I came to visit you!"
I stared at his/her ridiculously sharp teeth. Yeah, definitely odd.
Grell pointed at me over dramatically. "Who's this?!"
"I'm (F/N) (L/N). I'm a new maid here." I bowed slightly.
Grell grinned widely and struck a pose. "My name is Grell Sutcliffe!"
"And yes, that's a man." Sebastian added.
My eye twitched at the fact that that thing was a guy.
Sebastian cleared his throat. "If you'll excuse me, I have to serve dinner. (F/N), I would like for you to join me." I hesitantly nodded and followed him to the kitchen.
I placed the food on the cart and covered each plate. I seriously hoped that I wouldn't screw anything up this time.
'So much for avoiding him' I thought.
Sebastian pushed the cart and I followed. Ciel Sat in the dining room, looking bored as usual.
"My lord, (F/N) made dinner tonight." Sebastian informed Ciel with a smile.
I set out the plates of food and uncovered them. In the corner of my eye, I could see Sebastian waiting for me to make some sort of mistake.
Ciel took a bite of the (Food of your choice). "Hm. It's delicious."
I smiled and bowed. "Thank you, my lord."
"(F/N), you're dismissed for the night."