
"Looks like we have an uninvited guest."
-Short-Time-Skip---------
Sebastian and I ran down the hallway fully dressed.
"Who's here, Sebastian?" I asked.
He ran expressionless, clearly not wanting to answer my question. That only worried me more.
We sprinted outside and stopped in our tracks when we saw a man approaching. He had white hair and amethyst eyes.
Sebastian glared at him. Does he know this man?
"Ash... you sure made an entrance. A rather rude one if I do say so myself." He sneered.
Sebastian and the man apparently named Ash glared at each other. The tension in the air was so thick that you could cut it with a knife.
Ash's amethyst eyes looked at me. A faint grin graced his lips.
"And who might this fair lady be?" His voice sounded calm, even so, I had no trust in his actions.
I glanced over at Sebastian. His jaw was locked in place. I guess I'll have to introduce myself then....
"My name's (F/N)." I didn't dare give him my full name.
Ash smiled warmly at me.                "It's a pleasure to meet you, (F/N)."
His kind expression melted away and was replaced with a psychopathic one. His head bowed down and he shook violently. I stared in shock and fear.
"So... pure...." Ash laughed maniacally and threw his head back.
I glanced at Sebastian again. He stood calmly and watched Ash laugh like a madman.
"Could it be... that you... are the reincarnation... of an angel...?" Ash let out another burst of insane laughter.
"Reincarnation?" I whispered.
Ash pointed to me and began to walk backwards. "YOU! I'll be back for you!"
White feathered wings sprouted from his back and he flew out of sight into the night sky.
"What the hell?" My legs wobbled.
I was shaking so badly. I collapsed and Sebastian caught me and held me tightly in his arms.
"Don't be afraid love, I won't let him touch you.~"
He picked me up bridal style and carried me to my room.
He set me on my bed gently and tucked me in. "Get some sleep love, it's late." Sebastian stroked my cheek with the back of his hand.
His eyes looked caring, completely different from before. The demon left my room and I drifted into sleep.
-Time-Skip---------------
I layed in my bed and groaned. I barely got any sleep last night. I was tossing and turning because of the events of last night.
After an eternity of laziness, I finally got up.
I bathed and got dressed in a clean uniform with stockings and heels.
I dragged my feet through the halls. While walking past Ciel's study, I heard muffled voices.
"Are you sure that's what she truly is?"
"Of course, my lord. She is in fact a reincarnation."
They're talking about me.