
Ciel's Point of View
I watched as (F/N) ran off. Has she met him before? Or perhaps she's a coward in social situations.
Alois smirked at Sebastian and I. "Looks like your date ran off.~" he mocked.
"She's a friend."
I glared daggers into Trancy but he continued his pointless chatter.
"She's delicate... I hope my spiders don't find her." Alois laughed and disappeared into the crowd.
"Should I look for (F/N)?" Sebastian asked quietly.
"Yes. Make sure she comes back unharmed."
He grinned and bowed before me. "Yes, my Lord."
Sebastian walked off into the direction (F/N) ran to.
"I hate partys."
Alois's Point of View
I greeted Ciel Phantomhive and noted a woman standing next to him. She looked shocked to see me. In fact, she knew my name. She ran off after blurting my name, Ciel looked concerned.
I teased him, then I began to search for the woman. Her (E/C) eyes seemed to glow through the mask. The color looked oddly familiar.
I stopped in one of the many hallways and laughed.
I knew who she was.
Sebastian's Point of View
I could smell (F/N)'s scent from anywhere. Her soul was truly rare.
It would be a shame if one of the spiders did find her...
After walking through endless hallways, I heard voices.
"I guess the spider found his prey." I sighed.
(F/N)' s Point of View
I spun around to see no other than the spider himself; Claude Faustus.
I smirked and slowly stepped towards him.
"It's been awhile, Claude."
He held his blank expression and stared at me.
My smirk grew wider.
"You want my soul, don't you?"
Without warning, he pinned me against the wall.
"How is your soul even stronger than before?" He demanded an answer so I laughed. Claude looked annoyed with my response.
"How would a human know? I know a lot, but that seems out of question. Honestly Claude, I think you've lost control of your desires." I stared into his gold eyes as he stared into mine.
He sighed and backed away from me. I brushed off my dress and giggled.
"Gave up so quickly? That's not the Claude I know."
He glared at me and his eyes turned pink. "Who said I was?"My smirk disappeared instantly at the sudden change of atmosphere.
I removed my mask and tossed it aside. "Remember how you warned me about things like you?"
Claude nodded. "Of course. What of it?"
My lips parted to speak and-
"Malady! There you are."
Sebastian was walked towards us and Claude cleared his throat.
"Michaelis. You know (F/N)?"