
Wait WHAT?!
I lunged off of my bed and fell onto my butt. Sitting ever so smugly on my bed, Sebastian smirked down at me.
"My goodness, (F/N), how do you get frightened so easily?"
I glared coldly at the bastard.
"How the hell did you get in? I locked the damn door!"
Sebastian's gaze turned to the window, that was clearly open.
I stood up and continued my glare.
"Leave. Now."
"But my dear, I didn't plan on doing anything to you." The demon shot me a seductive look. "Unless you want me to.~"
My face was lightly dusted crimson. Then, I thought of what happened last time. I was speechless and bright red.
Sebastian got up and stood close enough for me to feel his breath trickle along my (S/T) skin.
"Besides, I still need to give you your punishment.~"
I stared with wide eyes. "N-no!"
I sprinted to my dresser and grabbed the three knives I hid inside it.
Sebastian chuckled as he watched me take stance. His joking expression faded as he finally realized that I wasn't playing around.
"I doubt that you'll actually throw those."
I narrowed my (E/C) eyes at him. "Tch. Keep talking, Michaelis."
The knive glided out of my hand and towards Sebastian. He caught each one and held them in between his fingers. The butler smirked and dropped them at his feet.
"And here I had thought that you had learned your lesson."
The ruby eyes staring hungrily at me brightly glowed pink. He was suddenly standing in front if me with a strong grip on my wrists.
"Shit..."
Sebastian raised an eyebrow at my cursing. "That isn't very ladylike, Miss (L/N)."
Before I could even blink, I was pinned on the bed.
"S-Sebastian please!"
"I don't understand your pleads, love.~" He smirked and brought his face closer.
His black hair dangled down and tickled the sides of my face.
My (E/C) eyes watched in horror as he removed his gloves.
'Not this again...'
Sebastian's cold lips slammed into mine. It was a passionate and lustful kiss. His tongue slid along my lower lip, asking for access. I resisted.
That was a mistake.
Sebastian's icy hand felt up my leg. I gasped in utter shock. He used this opportunity to glide his tongue onto mine, massaging my entire mouth.
At the same time, his hands groped my curves. I held back a moan that was building up.
No! I shouldn't be enjoying this!
Sebastian broke the kiss and tugged my nightgown off of my shoulder. He began to leave a trail of kisses down my neck.
"S-s-Sebastian! S-stop..."  I could barely talk with all of the pleasure I was receiving from his touch.
"Do you really want me to? Your face says otherwise-"
*BOOM*
Sebastian instantly got up and looked out the window.