
Claude's Point of View
I stood bewildered as the Phantomhive butler dragged (F/N) away.
That's what she was trying to say...
What a shame. It would be interesting to have her as a Trancy maid again.
(F/N)'s Point of View
Sebastian had left after asking me thousands of questions. I lied on my bed and thought back to the days of working at the Trancy manor.
-Flashback-----------
I knocked on the large doors of the mansion I stood before. If I'm correct, this is manor belongs to Earl Trancy and his son, Alois.
I middle aged man answered the door and invited me inside. I handed the letter I had been sent about a job application as a maid.
After filling out documents, he gave a blank, lifeless congratulations. I was then lead to a bedroom that was mine.
I was to start today, so I changed into a purple maid uniform with a white apron.
The butler from before asked me to follow him once more. We walked into a large room I was told to stand against the wall in a line with other servants.
I gasped at the sight before me. A line of young boys lead up to a fat, ugly man sitting in a throne. The line moved as he seemed to judge each boy.
'What is this?!' I pondered.
After hours of this horrible judging, all of the servants were ordered to retire to their rooms.
Except a few people picked from the crowd. Which unfortunately, included me.
-Time-Skip--------------
I held back tears as I walked to the room that I was instructed to help out in.
I was supposed to prepare Alois for the Earl...
...So he can...
...Violate him...
I hesitated to open the door, I was afraid. But eventually, I did.
"Alois...I was sent to dress you for tonight." I cringed.
Alois only nodded and I dressed him in the red robe I was given.
"I'm sorry..." I muttered as I left.
I sprinted to my room and locked myself inside. Hot tears streamed down my face.
I don't want to work here! Not with that happening!
-End-Of-Flashback----
I scowled at the thought of my first day at that manor.
But it did get better... after Earl Trancy passed.
I remember almost all of the servants being fired. But I stayed...
New servants arrived. And a butler...
Or should I say the demons arrived. Alois and I were the only humans living in the manor.
I never did understand why he kept me.
Perhaps someday I'll find out.
---------------------------
Over 200 Reads?!!?!
THANK YOU!!
-Red =^_^=