
I sat on the bench and watched as people passed me. Some looked pitiful, others looked disgusted.
I stood up and began to walk down the road.
'Maybe I could find a place to stay.' I thought.
I spaced out as I walked and suddenly bumped into someone.
I fell on my back and looked up to see crimson eyes looking quite concerned. He wore a black tailcoat... perhaps he was a butler.
The man I bumped into held his hand out to me.
"Forgive me, milady!" He apologized.
I took his hand and he effortlessly pulled me off of the ground.
"Thank you." I said quietly.
My (E/C) eyes avoided his soft gaze.
"Sebastian, who are you talking to?" A young boy with an eyepatch and cane walked towards us.
"Young master, I was simply aiding this young woman who had fallen because of my carelessness." The man apparently named Sebastian said.
"N-no! It wasn't your fault at all... I wasn't paying attention." I didn't want his master to punish him because of my actions.
"What is your name?" The boy asked.
"I'm (F/N) (L/N). It's a pleasure to meet you." I gave a slight bow to the young boy.
He looked like he was thinking. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, he spoke.
"You're a maid, correct?" He questioned.
"Yes. But I'm afraid I don't work for anyone at the moment." I looked down at my worn out shoes.
"I'm Ciel Phantomhive. If you'd like, you can come to my manor and assist Sebastian." Ciel offered.
My (E/C) eyes widened at his words.
"R-really? You wouldn't mind?" I asked.
Ciel gave me a small smile. "I would be honored if you would join us."
I nodded.  "I will!" I smiled.
I got lucky, I guess! Now I wouldn't have to worry about being on the streets.
Sebastian helped me into their carriage carefully. He waited for Ciel to climb in before he sat down next to me. Ciel Sat across from me and looked out the window with a bored expression on his face.
The carriage began to move. I still felt awfully cold. I shiver again. Sebastian notices and put his coat over my shoulders. I thanked him and he smirked at me. His ruby eyes flashed pink for a moment. Blinked at him. What... was that?
-----------------------------------------
Hello! Thanks for reading this chapter! I'll try to publish chapters as quickly as I can!
I made this chapter longer than the first one. (Obviously)
Thanks again!~
-
