
Sebastian moved towards me with a devilishly seductive grin on his face.
"With skills like that, I believe you'll be an excellent Phantomhive maid."
I smiled at his words. Finally! A decent job! "Thank you." I smiled wider.
He moved even closer, closing the gap between us by inches. I stepped back as Sebastian was two inches in front of me.
"What are yo-" I yelped out as his strong grip was on my arm.
Sebastian didn't show any signs of letting go of my arm, so I stoped struggling. His seductive grin widened at my action.
"I wonder what you would taste like."
I slapped his grip away and ran into the manor. After a short while of running around the hallways, I was lost.
I sunk down to my knees. "W-what... the hell..." I planted out.
"U-um... excuse me miss, a-are you alright?" I looked upwards to see a maid with pink hair and cracked glasses. Another maid.
"I'm a new maid here... I think I got lost." I muttered.
Her face lit up instantly. "Oh! You're the girl Ciel was talking about! (F/N), right?"
I stood up and gave her a small smile. "Yes, that's me."
"Oh dear, let me show you around! Ciel asked me to find you. I'll take you to him after your tour!"
"Thank you." My lips remained in a smile.
'I wonder what Ciel wants.'
-Time-Skip-----------------
The squeaky maid brought me to Ciel's office after she showed me around. She walked away and I knocked on the door before me.
"Come in." Ciel's voice was muffled and sounded bored.
I opened the door and stepped inside. Ciel sat at a large wooden desk and looked over paperwork. I closed the door behind me and walked closer to Ciel.
"You wanted to see me?"
Ciel looked up from the papers and nodded.
"Yes, I did. I wanted to inform you of tomorrow's events."
I nodded, expecting him to tell me my jobs for tomorrow.
"There's an evening gown in your wardrobe that I'd like for you to wear. You will be attending a ball with us." Ciel smirked at my shocked expression.
"If you don't mind me asking, where is the ball taking place?"
Ciel let out an annoyed sigh. "It will be at the Trancy manor."
My posture stiffened.
The Trancy manor, eh?
I suppose it's about time I visit the spider.
------------------------------------
I literally cringed for five minutes when I realized that I spelled Lord Druitt wrong the entire time! UUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I spelled it SO bad!
Thanks for reading!
-Red =^_^=