
The bidding was going really slow. Thank god!
Lord Druitt must have noticed the problem, because I felt something slide off of my eyes. I could see clearly now. I guess my eyes were open the whole time. Before me, I saw rows of seated people wearing masquerade masks. I sat in a golden cage with matching handcuffs.
"Now ladies and gentlemen, can you resist those shining, beautiful, (E/C) eyes?" Druitt purred.
Oh no...
The bids were raising rapidly as soon as my eyes were revealed.
"30,000!"
"35,000!"
"40,000!"
"45,000!"
I heard Lord Druitt chuckle darkly as bids were endless shouted among the room.
"100,000,000!"
"H-how?!" I muttered.
Was my eyes truly so mesmerizing? Was I seriously worth that much? What was going to happen if I get sold?!
Suddenly, a velvet-like voice called out the winning bid. "500,000,000!"
She just jumped a huge gap from the current bid! Damn these rich people!
"Sold to seat number 100!" Lord Druitt chimed.
My eyes desperately scanned the room for who bought me. My attempt failed as the cage was being carried off of the stage. The cage was set behind the stage and a dark cloth was draped over.
'Back to the dark.' I thought.
I strained my ears for any sort of noise, but nothing could be heard.
-Time- Skip------------------
I think I've been sitting here for an hour now. No movement or sound could be heard. I started to worry even more.
Finally! Footsteps! It sounded like there was two people walking towards the cage.
"So this is the one, eh?"
"Pretty damn sure."
"Alright, let's get this thing into the wagon like we've been told."
"Mmkay."
I felt the cage lift with grunts coming from whomever was transporting me.
"Damn thing's heavy!"
"Must be worth a lot!"
'Tch. I'm not that heavy. Must be the cage. ' I thought.
The cage Was roughly set down into what I believe was some sort of wagon.
"Alright boss, it's all loaded up."
"Very well. You'll have your reward shortly." Tch. Damn you Druitt.
The dark cloth was lifted slightly as Lord Druitt gave me a wicked grin.
"You should be happy!" He said. "You have an owner that plans on treating you well. Alas, I cannot prove that he was telling the truth. Fair well, my sweet robin." He draped the cloth over the cage again.
"DAMN YOU, DRUITT!" I yelled furiously.
I didn't want to be beaten by an abusive owner again. Nor did I want to be violated. I shuddered at the horrible things my owner could do to me.
The wagon jolted into motion. It was strange how fast we were going. Maybe it was out of fear of being arrested. But by the amount of money I was bought with, I think they could easily bribe the police.
I lied down on the floor of the cage and slept.
I only hoped that I wouldn't wake up. I didn't want to open my eyes to a horror story.
I wanted to be free.
-------------------------------------
WOOT WOOT! 50 Reads?!
THANK YOU!
I think this chapter might have been a little bit boring so I apologize. But next chapter should be quite entertaining!
Thanks again!
-Red =^_^=