
I stood in a hallway and gazed out the window. In the distance, a carriage was coming up the road to the manor.
"I guess I should tell Ciel."
I jogged to his office and knocked on the door.
"Come in."
I opened the door slightly.
"I think we have a visitor, my lord. I saw a carriage approaching."
Ciel thought for barely a second before he understood. "It must be Lau and Ran-Mao."
I pressed the door open and raised an eyebrow. "Who are they?"
"Lau's a frie- business partner. And Ran-Mao is er... close to him."
I nodded. "Shall I make preparations?"
"Sebastian's already on it."
Tch. Damn demon.
"Is there anything that I could do?"
Ciel tapped his desk with his fingers. My eyes trailed towards the large blue ring on his thumb.
"You may greet them, then lead them to the lounge."
I bowed somewhat gracefully. "Of course, my lord."
-Time-Skip---------------
I stood behind the large doors of the manor. I listened closely and waited until they got to the door.
Before they could knock, I swung open the doors like Sebastian had.
A Chinese man stood there with a woman at his side.
He looked surprised to see me at the door.
"You must be the new maid that Ran-Mao and I have heard about." How would he have- right. Ciel probably told them.
"Yes, my name is (F/N) (L/N). It's a pleasure to meet you. If you'll allow me, I will lead you to the lounge. The young master has been awaiting your arrival." I cheered for myself internally as the words rolled off of my tongue perfectly.
I lead the couple to the lounge and opened the door for them as well.
"Thank you, Miss." Lau moved closer to me. "Ran-Mao thinks you look familiar." He whispered.
Huh?
Lau and Ran-Mao walked in and made themselves comfortable. Ciel and Sebastian appeared out of nowhere, I jumped and Sebastian grinned.
"Tch..."
Ciel entered and sat in a chair in front of Lau and Ran-Mao, who was now seated on Lau's lap.
Sebastian turned to me. "(F/N), would you like to help me prepare tea for our guests?"
"Sure."
As we made our way to the kitchen, he sparked a question.
"How close are you to Claude?"
"Hmm... well..."
-Flashback------------
"What the hell are you?"
Claude gripped my arm and dragged me into a guest room. He locked the door and I tensed up.
His eyes turned a bright pink as he stalked closer. I stepped back until my back hit the wall behind me. Claude pinned me there and moved his face to mine.
"I'm something that you shouldn't know about." His cold breath glided against my neck.