
I held the gown to my body. It must have cost a fortune. The dress was black with  (F/C) gems lining the stitching.
I was going to wear this to a masquerade at the Trancy manor.
After bathing, I dried my hair and put it into an elegant bun.
I slipped the dress over my black laced corset and pulled on stockings. My feet slid into a pair of midnight black heels and I walked towards the mirror.
I stood before the mirror and barely recognised myself. My cheeks turned crimson when I saw how exposed my chest was. Sickeningly, that was how most gowns were tailored these days.
Remembering that I was going to attend a masquerade, I grabbed the black mask with gold lining I had been given.
I gently slid the mask over my face and smirked. I hardly looked like (F/N)     (L/N) anymore. The mask made my (E/C) eyes glow.
I was interrupted by a knock on my door.
"Come in." I spoke rather loud, I felt bold knowing my identity was almost a secret.
The door swung open and Sebastian stood at the other side. I stiffened recalling our last encounter. He gave me one of his signature smirks and walked closer to me.
"The carriage is waiting. And might I say, you look rather appetizing." His tongue glided along his lips hungrily.
"Tch. How annoying." I strode past Sebastian and made my way to the entrance of the mansion.
Ciel was already seated in the carriage. I climbed in and sat across from him.
"None of your other servants are coming?" I asked.
"Sebastian is coming. My others will only be an embarrassment." He spoke bluntly.
The carriage jolted into motion. Hmm. Sebastian must be driving.
-Time-Skip----------------
Ciel helped me out of the carriage. Bystanders whispered things like: What a gentleman! So mature!
He held his fake smile easily. It's terrifying how amazing he is at showing fake happiness.
Sebastian drove off to park the carriage. Ciel continued to smile and escort me inside.
All of the guests turned their heads at our entrance. I felt a presence behind us. I turned my head and saw Sebastian walking closely to Ciel.
'How did he get here so quickly. Could he seriously be-'
"Ciel Phantomhive! How splendid!" A young boy, about Ciel's age with blonde hair and blue eyes squealed in delight at our arrival.
I couldn't believe it.
"Alois Trancy." I blurted out. I locked my jaw shut and regretted saying anything.
Alois and Ciel both gave me quizzical looks.
"You...are you.."
Before Alois could finish his question I interrupted.
"Please excuse me. I'll go get you refreshments, my Lord." I practically ran away from them and ended up in an empty hallway.
"Just as I remember it..." I gasped.
"(F/N), Is that you?"
---------------------------------
Yes!! Got another one done!! My so-called vacation is still going on. But I'm trying my hardest to get chapters out!
Thanks for reading!
-Red =^_^=