
I stepped out of the carriage and gawked a little at the beautiful manor.
I still felt sleepy even though I had napped on the way here.
"This way, Miss (L/N)." Sebastian leaded me to the large doors of the Phantomhive manor.
He opened the doors gracefully. Ciel entered first an I followed. Sebastian removed Ciel's coat and hat. Ciel handed him His cane and began to walk up a large staircase.
"Show her to her room." He ordered.
Sebastian bowed with grace. "Yes, my Lord."
Ciel walked away as Sebastian turned his attention to me.
"If you'll follow me, I'll show you to your room."
I noticed a devilish grin appear on his face as he lead me through the hallways of the colossal manor. I thought back to before, when his eyes shifted from red to a fuchsia color.
'Hmm. I don't know if I should trust him.' I thought.
"Here's your room, (F/N)." Sebastian stopped in front of a room. He opened the door and I glanced in. It was a decent sized room, with a bed, a wardrobe, and a small bathroom connected to it.
"You can find suitable maid attire in the wardrobe. I would like you to meet me in the garden when you wake up. I can start assigning you your jobs around the manor."
I smiled. "Okay. Thank you, Sebastian."
His eyes flashed pink for a second. "Of course, malady."
Sebastian left without any other word. I walked in and closed the door behind me. I stood there, very confused about the things I've seen and heard today.
I sighed as I plopped onto the bed. "Ruby eyes turning pink..." I barely whispered.
Unbelievable.
-Time-Skip------------------
The next morning I woke up and felt energized.
I opened up the wardrobe and saw a dark (F/C) maid uniform. I held it up to my body. The color matched my (S/T) skin nicely.
I bathed and put my (H/C) hair into a ponytail. I dressed myself in my uniform. I fit perfectly. The bottom of the dress was over my knees.
'I wonder if there's any stockings in the wardrobe.'
I found black stockings and black heels to wear with my dress. I adjusted and admired my outfit. It really did look nice on me.
I made my way to the garden after getting lost several times. It's not my fault that house's a maze!
"There you are, (F/N). I was starting to worry." Sebastian greeted me.
"Heh, I kinda got lost..." I trailed off.
He gave me a half smile. "I will give you a tour today, so don't worry."
Sebastian explained to me what was expected of a Phantomhive maid. After a lot of cliche requirements, he asked me something rather intriguing.
"(F/N), it is extremely important for a Phantomhive maid to have combat skills. Do you by any chance have those skills?"
I'm sorry... what?
It's been awhile since... that day.
"Yes. Yes I do."
---------------------------------
Ooh! Dramatic backstory!! Annnddddd......Another cliffhanger! :P
Thanks for reading!
-Red (=^_^=)