
I pounded on Sebastian's back as he carried me to what looked like a guest bedroom.
"Put me down!"
Sebastian ignored me and locked the door behind him. This scene is awfully familiar-
"As you wish, love.~"
The demon slammed me onto the bed and laughed darkly at my fear.
All I could do was stare at the monstrous ma- demon before me. He moved closer to the bed and tore off his gloves with his teeth. The sight was almost normal to me. Sebastian's eyes glowed in a bright fuchsia hue.
"You look frightened, my dear.~" his words sounded alluring, but his actions were terrifying.
I was about to run like hell, but his strong grip suddenly had me pinned down. Sebastian hovered over me with his face inches from mine. I shivered as his warm breath trailed down my (S/T) flesh.
"S-Sebastian..!" I whimpered in complete fear.
Ignoring me again, his face moved even closer.
"I told you that you would be punished.~"
I turned my head away from him and he frowned. "Now, now, (F/N), is that reasonable?"
"Very."
A dark laugh made me tense up even more.
"Ah! S-stop!"
Sebastian's hand slid up my leg and had a miniature heart attack.
Oh my god. Was this seriously happening?
His hand slid further up my leg and I stopped breathing.
Suddenly, there was a loud knock on the door. In an instant, Sebastian was at the door and had his gloves on. The butler unlocked and opened the door to reveal a blonde haired man with a chef uniform and welding goggles hanging loosely around his neck.
"Oi Sebastian! Young master's been askn' for ya'!"
The man turned his attention to me. "Who's this lovely lady?"
Sebastian sighed and rolled his crimson eyes. "Bardroy, this is (F/N). Oddly enough, she hasn't run into you. Tell the young master that I'll be with him in a moment, (F/N) wasn't feeling so well so she's resting here."
Damn liar!
Bardroy nodded and left. Sebastian closed the door and turned to me. "Well, I'm afraid your punishment shall have to wait, love.~" he smirked seductively at me and left as well.
I sat there and cringed. "What the hell was that?"
I swung my legs over the side of the bed and stood up. I brushed off my uniform and pulled up my stocking that had gotten pulled down. My face turned pink remembering the feeling of his hand. No (F/N)! Stop!
I looked at the clock the was on the wall. It's almost time for dinner. That's what I could do.
With my mind set on cooking, I sprinted through the halls. Something about that seemed so fun to me.
The kitchen was empty and silent. I stepped up to the counter and began my masterpiece.
-Time-Skip------------
I smiled at the large meal I had created.
"I hope Ciel likes (Meal of your choice)." I whispered to myself.
"I do believe he will, love.~"
Dammit. I tilted my head around to see the raven-haired demon.