
-Flashback------------
I stood next to Hannah, the only other maid in the manor as we watched Alois eat. Our job was to make sure the food was alright and clean up any spills.
I tensed up as Alois's personal butler walked in. He was strange... all of the new servants were, but he was different. It was almost like he was guarding Alois from us.
I didn't realize I was staring at Claude until our eyes met. I quickly glanced away.
-Time-Skip--------------
I had finished cleaning the staircase. I sat on the steps and sighed. I barely had to do anything here. The new servants got everything done so inhumanly fast.
"What are you doing there?"
I jumped at the sudden voice behind me. I stood up and spun around to see Claude.
"I-I was eh... um..." My voice faded at the sight of his golden eyes sparking pink.
Claude smirked as he began to walk down the stairs. In response, I staggered down the stairs in attempt to escape him.
My plan failed as I fell face first into the floor. Or at least, I should have. Somehow, Claude caught me.
"How did you do that?" I demanded.
Claude stared into my (E/C) eyes and looked shocked.
"Why.... What is this feeling?"
I squirmed away from his grasp and asked him again. Hunger flooded his eyes as he stared at me.
"I'm not human."
-End-Of-Flashback-----
My slumber was interrupted by the sun pouring into my room. I groaned and got myself dressed in my uniform.
I had no clue what I was supposed to be doing today, so I just wandered around.
I began to follow a delicious scent. It only seemed normal for nobility to have experienced chefs.
I found myself inside of a decent sized kitchen. To my surprise, Sebastian was cooking. I smirked. Of course... he's a demon.
"Good morning, (F/N). Did you sleep well?" Pft. I guess he knew I was in here The whole time.
I walked up and sat on the counter next to him. "Yes, I did. Are you making breakfast for Ciel? Or is he breakfast?" I held in laughter at my witty remark.
Sebastian slammed a knife into the counter, almost cutting my hand. He smirked and continued cooking.
"If you keep saying things like that, malady, you'll become breakfast."
I sighed and hopped off of the counter. "Damn Sebastian. Can't take a joke?" I patted his head and began to walk out of the kitchen.
"I can't believe that you seemed innocent." He chuckled darkly.
I spun back around and paced towards him. "What the hell does that mean?"
"You looked helpless on the streets."
I laughed at his words. "But know you know..." I picked up a knife and held it against his pale neck. "I don't play nice." I whispered.
I dropped the weapon and walked away from the demon giggling.
Sebastian's Point of View
(F/N) walked out of the kitchen and I sat there completely at a loss of words. Her soul gets stronger...but how?