
Dania's P.O.V
Hi everyone thanks for choosing to read this fanfic. I'm Dania and I'm 17. I live in LA. I have 3 best friends and their names are Lina, Hanna and Patrycja. "Get in!" Lina yelled waiting for me. She was in the car with Hanna and Pati (as we like to call her). I got into the passenger seat and we drove to school. "First day of school is gonna suck!" Hanna whined "Not exactly!. I talked with Jessica on the phone and she told me that there are gonna be some hot guys who are gonna join us in school." Lina smirked and I rolled my eyes "U talked to Jessica?!" I asked her and she looked at me "U know I talk with everybody in school!" She said and I nodded. Lina knows everybody in school and lets just say us four and some boys are the popular group of the school. She's friendly with anyone and doesn't let anybody bully the nerds of our school. We pulled up to the parking of the school and parked our car. We got out and walked into the school "Welcome to Hell!" Lina said and we laughed "Yeah!" We said and made our way to principals office to take our schedule. After we took our schedule we had all of our classes together. We slowly made our way to homeroom. I opened the door of the class and since we were late all eyes were on us and I actually made eye contact with a guy with brown hair and brown eyes. Damn he was so hot I started checking him out and he smirked bc he noticed that "Girls, girls, girls. Already late!." Mr.Kemp said  pulling me to reality and Lina rolled her eyes. She hates him and so does Pati. "Where were u girls?!" He asked "Well, thats for us to know and for u to never find out!" Lina said making her way to her seat which was behind those new hot boys. "Well okay!. U can sit now girls!" Mr.Kemp said and we made our way to Lina as Pati made her way to her boyfriend Michael Clifford. Pati and Michael look so good together. Anyways I sat next to Lina on the left side and Hanna sat next to her on the right side. "Everybody as u see we have some new boys who joined us this year, guys can u come here and present urself!" Mr.Kemp said and all the four boys infront of us got up and walked over to Mr.Kemp. "I'm Felix!" "I'm Oscar!" "I'm Oscar too but they call me OG!" "And I'm Omar!" The last one said. He was the one I made eye contact. As I was looking at him he turned and we made eye contact again, he smirked... "Mr.Kemp may I go to the bathroom?!" I asked and he nodded "Of course Dania!" He said and as I was passing I looked at Omar guy to see him smirking at me. I rolled my eyes and got out. As I was making my way to the bathroom I saw Jessica and she ran up to me "Dania, listen I just wanted to say that its better if u girls stay away from those new guys. I heard that this guy Omar is a player. he just uses girls!" She said and showed me some pics of him with a lot of girls and then walked away.
End of chapter 1.Dania found out about Omar being a player.