
My kidnapper grab that boy and beat the shit out of him.. I didnt feel like watching who would i ran to the room i was at and when he came back his knucles were dripping blood omg!!!!
He went to the bathroom and when he came back he laid on top of me and said "If you ever do that again ill have to punish u"
Wtf???Punish!!!!
"What the hell dude!!"i said yeah i got nothing good damn...
"Baby you're mine and i want to show you"he said while  he kissed my neck..It was nasty i was disgusted..
"Now whats your name?"he said while stroking my cheek."My N-name i-is Isabelle" i said while stumbling "Well my name is Cameron." he said.
Ugh i was boared and didnt like this place all of a sudden a knock came on the door and they yelled "Cameron yo Jack told me you found yourself a lady and i want to meet her"i was scared there so much boys im telling u gay( im okay with gay ppl its their life)
"Ill show you later." Cameron said
*****A while later***************
"Come"he said grabbing my hand "Cameron..." i said terrified face He had pity cuz i think he didnt like that .He told me to sit and i did i saw 6 boys and Cameron told me all there names but then one walk in and i think he just a friend but he was hot they said his name was sammy.
Cameron saw me looking at him he could tell i liked him.. Cameron was angry..
He took me to the room and told me why i didnt like him umm he can guess.. I told hin because he kidnapped me..He started to take off my clothes tf "Cam please stop i dont want it im starving and sleepy"i said "Really if sammy was here you'll let him.."
He started to cry
I felt bad but he is my kidnapper..He was pretty atractive to so i decided to kiss him he was delighted.
"Are you doing this for love or for i can let you free?"he asked.
I said both and i explain why cuz i have a family and im only 19 i have no kids just mom and brothers and sisters and my bby Rosy
He said he wanted to marry me but i just ment him...
I told him we can go out and hang and get to meet eachother cuz i got college..
He said he will let me free today and tmmrow which is satuday we will meet....