
Ill call Riley Maddie for now on.
Isabelle POV
When i woke up i was at the hospital Rileys (Maddie) was sitting next to me. I started to open my eyes and i saw Maddie crying and then i turn to see Cameron there looking at me or well staring."Mads" i barly could say "Camila oh my gosh you scared me" she said hugging me "ow" i said twiching "Why is he here Maddie" i said pointing at Cameron "Oh srry i didnt mean to intrude" he said leaving but bumping into someone "Cam gosh ur fine "Austin said getting his self back up "yeah" i said hughing him.
3 days later
I was at work in my break and someone says my name i turn around and see Cam "Heyy sexy mama" he said biting his lips "Who was your last love?" i ask him "This girl" he said "What was her name" i said about to cry "Isabelle" he said a tear slip out my eye "Whats wrong?" he said grabbing my arm "Do i recognize you of someone!" i shouted "Izzy?" he said looking at me suprised "Yes" i said leaving.
I got in my car and started driving.
Cameron Pov
Izzy?" I said looking at her suprised "Yes" she said leaving. My heart wasnt broken anymore i found her i did.I love her.I need her.She changed her name to Camila and Riley must me Maddie."Hey Maddie" i shouted waving my hand "Sup Cam" she said waving back "Or should i say Riley" i winked at her "Wha-What you mean" she said nervously " I saw Izzy i need her back and about that hit u gave me still got a brusie in my stomach" i said "Im sorry Cameron please dont do anything were happy" she said crying "Come here" i said grabbing her arm going somewhere private.
"You know Matt is sorry and he is searching for you too" i said "I dont care i got a boyfriend" she said leaving "Ill get her back" i yelled "If you can" she yelled back.Time to plan.
Isabelle POV
After i drove off i called my boss and told him i left early. I wish i nevered did what i did.I texted Austin.
Me:Austin can we talk now?
Austin:Well yah Starbucks?
Me:Yes..
I drove to Starbucks Austin was already there he already got me a frappe carmal one."Austin thank you for the Frap but i got to tell you sum" i said trying to look at his eyes "Yeah what is it?"he asked playing with his hands "You know Cam" "Ya" "Well i never told you but my real name is Isabelle Hyland and i was Cam ex but i ran away cuz i didnt want to be with him and Maddies real name is Riley and her ex Matt betrayed her and she left with me and Cam was cheating on me and i found out 2 times" i sighed "Wait what." he said i explained everything to him and he started understanding.
To be continued...What did izzy do or what did i do? My real name is not Isabelle its DUH DUH DUH DUNNNNN HEHEH