
Isabelle POV When i woke up i look to the other side of the bed and saw Cam was not there, he left.I went to the bathroom and took a shower,brush my teeth and hair i put a pink skater skirt a floral croptop  jean sweater and and some white converse(the clothes is up there).For my hair i just grab my white beanie and curled my ends.
I made Breakfest i made eggs and bacon.After i ate my breakfest i texted Riley to meet me at the mall.
Me:Mall?Now?
Riley:Yass Cam left again....
Me:Yeah@@@@@@
After we texted i went on my jeep i bought a new car.I went to the mall and Riley was already there i have brown hair with light tips and Riley is a blondie."Hey Riley" i said hugging her "Hey so Cam left again" she said crossing her arms "Yeah, but he is working" i said with puppy eyes "You should dump him, your birthday is tommorow and he is not gonna be there" she said putting her hand on my shoulder "He doesnt know...." i mumbled.
"You mean your boyfriend doesnt know your birthday is tommorow" she said getting frustrated.Did i tell you Riley loves me alot and shes dating Matt Espinosa.Riley took out her phone and dialed a number.
Riley POV
I dialed Cams number it rang and rang intell a girl voice anwered i put it on speaker "Hello" a women voice said i saw Isabelle get soft "Um is Cameron there" i said "Oh yeah we just finished doing something fun" she said "Is he working on a movie" i said "No" she said "Ok tell him that he is a mother fucker and that Isabelle birthday is tommorow and he is not invited" i said "And that Isabelle and him are over" Isabelle said crying i put my shoulder over her i hung up.
"He's not worth it" i said going to her car she got in the passenger seat and i drove off to there house for she can pack.
Isabelle POV
After that call my world broke i got a text message from Cam.
Cam:Hey what happen to us i left my phone at my friends house.
Me:What happened was that we are over and you can fuck your friend.Dont call me or nothing bye Cameron Dallas.I WISH YOU NEVER CAME TO MY LIFE!!
After that text we were at my house already i look through my contacts.
MomRuthCarlaSammy
I decided to call Sammy. "Isabelle?" he said "Sammy" i said crying in the phone.
To be continued