
Sammy and i cuddle intell i fell asleep.My dream was horrible it was me and sammy kissing then Cam came and saw us.He had killed Sammy and then he came to me and grab my waist and tortured me.I woke up with fright that morning. When i woke up Sammy wasnt on the bed.I wanted to check my phone since its been like 3days or so i havent been on it.
When i saw my phone the cover had a picture of Cameron and when i checked my contacts Cameron number was on it?I decided to text him and tell him i woke up.
Me:Cam i woke up ·_·
Cam:Ok bueaty i see you went on ur phone?
Me:How did you get on my phone?
Cam:its a hack:*
Me:ok bye.
Cam: im gonna pick you up around 3pmEnd of conversation Isabelle POVWow i wonder how the party went i mean if i ask him he would think somebody told me. Damn i wonder where Sams is.I went downstairs and started to smell BACON. "Who cooking" i yelled "I am bueaty" someone yelled back "Cam?" i asked "yess, its Sammy" sammy said back."Oh ok boo"i said giving him a hug and a kiss i went to brush my teeth and change my clothes i put on a White shirt that says "Whatever Whenever" and someblack leggings and my white Convers.
Breakfest was already finish when i came back there was sausages, pancakes,Bacon,eggs,and hashbrowns. It was like heaven i havent eaten in like days."Eat up princess"Sammy said "thank you"i said while hugging him then going to my food the time was 8:45 am Sammy started eating too.After awhile me and Sammy started cuddling intell i got a text.
Cam:Nevermine bout the 3pm im bored and i need you ill pick you up in like 20 min:*
Me:Uggh k
"Sammy you have to go Cam is coming" i said to Sammy while kissing his cheek "ok"he said hugging me then leaving.
Cameron POV
After i text Isabelle i went to my car and had a flashback
FlashbackParty "Wooo get me a shot"i yelled when there was a girl grinning on me "Man you are drunk what about belle" Carter said passing me the drink "She will never know" i said back "Honey why dont we take this to the room" the girl i was was dancing with said " Yeah mama" i said *After Sex*****"Call me if u need me again,love"she said as she left.
Flashback endend.
By the time that was over i was at Isabelle house already.i started to honk.