
Isabelle P.O.V
When i woke up i was in Cameron arms,are faces were so close i remeber what happened yesterday.I look at my phone to see what time it was and saw all my twitter notification and insta ones and all my messages from Sammy.I decided to take a picture with Cameron and when he wakes up ill ask him if i can post it.
Cameron POV
When i woke up Isabelle was awake on her phone.I put my hands around her waist and kissed her cheek "Babe can i post this on twitter"she asked me "I dont know my fans might react badly" i said "Fans?" she ask "ill let you find out search up Cameron Dallas" i said kissing her neck "Dont leave a hickey" she said teasing me i started rubbing her body she started kissing my chest.
AFTER SEX
Isabelle POV
"Cam your not wearing condoms everytime" i said in a quiet voice "i dont care i want a baby"he said grabbing my hand "But i dont not yet"i said letting go of his hand. He looked at me with hurt in his eyes "Bae i think you should bring me home" i said looking away "ok" he said we got dress and got in his car..They started playing Dear Future Husband on the radio. I started singing.(The bold means Camerons singing with her)
Dear future husband here a few things you'll need to know if you want to be my one and only all of my life,
Ahhhhhhhhhh,
Take me on a date i deserve a break. Dont forget the flowers every anniversary and if you treat me right ill be the perfect wife
Buying what need but buying what u need
You got to know how treat me like lady even when im acting crazy.By:Meghan TrainorBy that point we were at my house.
I gave Cam a kiss on the lips and went in my house.Sammy was in there."You finally came i was starting to get worried" my mom said "Moma dont worry" i said giving her a kiss on the cheek "How about you stay home tommorow since its your last day and spend time with your family" my mom said "ok mom ill tell Cameron" i said heading to my room. I grab my phone and texted Cameron.
Me:Hey Camy my mom said to stay with her for tommorow cuz its my last day you okay with that?
Cam:Yeah but i cant wait to have you for myself:-*
Me:Oh k but buy a condom ;-)
Cam:mmmh maybe
Me:Bye:-P
I took a shower and put on some clothes on.
To be continued ^-^-^-^-^-^-^Thnxs guys this book is gonna be a series im make this book about 35 pages maybe or more idk