
Cameron POV
I left her in the room crying.I went outside to get air, did i go too far? Was she dating him now? I went back inside and i went in the room she was in the same spot crying. I went to her and hugged her. "Im sorry Cam" she said crying "Dont be sorry" i said putting ber chin up "Dont be sad, i dont like that" i said with a smirk she giggled alittle then hug me "Cam" she said looking up at me "Ya?" i said.
Isabelle P.O.V
"Ya?" he said "I love you" i said as quick as i could and kissed him it was most passionate kiss ever i felt so alive. "I love you too" he said stroking my hair."Well you should leave because its mother daughter day, and i think your not a girl" i said giggling at the end."Ok just cuz i love you" he said giving me a kiss i kiss back i started kissing his neck down to his chest leaving a hickey on his chest then i said "To show your mine" i said with a smirk He gave me a hickey right on my brest "And your mine" he said with a sexy smirk.
After Cameron left i took a shower.The chlothes i was wearing was a blue skater skirt with a pink floral crop top that says Freak out for shoes just some white converse.For my make up i just put eyeliner and mascara and a little foundation."Mom are you ready to head out?" i ask "Did your little boyfriend leave?" she ask me "Yes" i said "Okay im ready" she said "Where going in my car" i said.We got in my Silver Kia.We drove to the salon for we could get pedicure.
After the salon
"Ok so whats next mom?" i asked "Maybe movie" she said "Movies would be great, we can watch Jurratic Park the 3 one i think it is " i said. We bought our tickets the movie was so full.
After the movie
I called Cam.he anwered. "Hey Cams my mom and i did so much stuff and we watch a movie do you know any boy striper place?" i said laughing imside of me "Yeah" he said "Where?" i asked "My room" he said "Camy just for awhile you cheated on me" i whispered "Babe i was drunk" he said "Ill just go on google , bye bae" i said and hung up before he could say anything "Mom i cant go to the place with ya so back home?" i said "Ok, hes a good guy if he doesnt let you" she said i hugged her.
At home
To be continued !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Stay tuned next chapter(im call you guys the Yum Yums) bye bye Yum Yums