
Isabelle POV
Today was my day off of filming i wanted to spend it with Cam but i couldnt i had to go with Riley to go pick out her wedding dress and bridmaids ones her theme was Nature.
When i got to were we were getting our dresses Riley was trying one on it was the puffiest one i ever saw i giggled "Whats so funny?" she asked "Your dress,No offence" i said.After awhile of chossing there was one that went to the floor it was beautiful "That one" i said getting excited she loved it too we got the bridemaids dresses they were the same but purple. I was getting ready to go home.
Cameron POV
I went to the flower shop and candle and bought some stuff when i went home i put the rose pedals all over the floor i put it leading to the bedroom i wasnt gonna propose but i wanted it to be special. I lit up the candles and put it triling to the room too and i hid i grabbed her favorite flowers and some chocolate.
Isabelle POV
When i opened the door there was roses on the floor i started crying was i gonna be engaged too probaly not because he said our moment.I started following the trail and blowing out the candles on the way when i made it to the room the bed had roses that spelled i love you i cried even more i tried to look around amd find him then he came out with my favorite flowers and chocolate "Camy" i said crying and running to him "See how much i love you" he said then he took out a neckles it was silver and it said C+I=Love i put it on and cried in his chest for the rest of the night we do what any couple would do.
Watch Netflixs and cuddle.
Morning wedding day.
Today i had the day off again because it was Rileys wedding with Matt i was happy Eli and I was the bridemaids and Sammy and Cam were the mans of honor.
When i woke up Cam was sleeping still i started rubbing his chest "Mmh what are you doing" he mumbled i jumped on him "Nothing" i said i was teasing him tho i stayed on top of him rubbing his chest and kissing his neck "Please stop" he mumbled "You dont like it" i pout "I do but your teasing me" he said kissing me next and getting on top of me.
You can guess what happens next but protection was used c:
Later that day i had to leave to go to the wedding place to put on my dress.
Wedding place.
"Hey izzy in da house" i screamed "Izzy" Riley said hugging me i hugged back she wasnt dressed yet i went to go get dress.
To be continued c: