
Isabelle POV
After i left the room i kinda regreted it..I went back in the room without going back and kissed him he kissed back."Camy i miss you but you got to change" i said putting my hand through his hair "Yes ill change for you if you come back home" he said grabbing both my hands calmly "But you have to wait awhile" i said I left the room to get some hot cocoa its summer but i still love it.
When i was coming back to the room i hear voices "Oh sir you will like this treatment" in the sexiest voice ever "I think i would" Cam said I tried to open the door but it was lock i kick the door open and saw the freacking nurse on Cam."Get out of here" She yelled. I looked offended for sure She started kissing him he kissed back.
"Isa Isa" I heard someone say shaking me i jumped "What happened" i said going to Cam room it was all ok "Whats wrong Izzy?" Cam said nervously "My dreams" i said going to him and kissing his forhead "Oh" he said pulling me to the bed "Camy were gonna get in trouble" I said giggling "Never" he said tickling me.Then a nurse came "Sorry but the patient cant play around" she said the sassiest she could "Im fine" he said getting up "Ok ill get the papers and you can leave put ur clothes on" she said leaving "Im leave too" i said nervously he grabbed my arm "Baby you coming  with me home tonight" he said kissing me i giggled and left.
After Cam came out it was like a war."Im taking Cam home so I'll be back" i said hugging Sammy kissing Riley and Eli cheek and left.We got in a taxi because there was no more cars we owned when we went in the house it stilled had all my clothes but it was a mess most of the stuff was broken i turned around "Whats all this" i said crossing my arms "My rage of you leaving but the bed is not broken" he said grabbing me bridal stlye and taking us to the master bedroom.
Cameron POV
I drop her on the bed. "Ill be back she said going out the room I waited for awhile then she came back with a Victoria Secret short dress "Wow" i said going for her but she dodged me "No,No,No u got to show me" she said I took off my shirt the sexiest way ever and through it at her "Woo" she screamed i actually felt embarrassed then i slowly took my pants down and crawled to her "Did i show u now?" i asked "Mmmh" she said then jumped on me "I believe thats a yes" i said kissing her she just nodded.
*After Sex*
To be continued I just wrote this so yeah hope u like im just gonna be posting if i want or not and go check out XxMagcon4EverxX books there really good go check my other books and yeah bye bye Yum yums.