
Isabelle POV
After i explained everything I left.I went to my house and started packing,I called Maddie and told her ill buy tickets for tommrow to go to La cuz were in New York.
After awhile Maddie actually came and told me what Cam said."That asshole he'll have to try his hardest" i said going to sleep.
In the morning it was 4:00 am we had to leave at 6:00 am so i woke up early i put on some grey joggers and a white t-shirt and some white jordans.I woke up Maddie and went downstairs and put our stuff in the car.After i put everything in there Maddie was done and she got in the car.
At the airport
When we arrived at the airport we waited about a hour we grab breakfest in the middle and then they called our plane "Flight 321 to La,California is ready to deport" we walked to deport.
Arrived at La
When we got out the airport i called Sammy.When i called a girl anwered "Who is this?" the girl said "Um this is Isabelle,is Sammy there?" I asked "yea-" she said before someone cut her off "Hey sorry that was Eli" he said "Sammy" i said crying a bit "Isabelle what were are you" he asked "Ill come to your house with Riley" i said.
When we arrived i knock at the door and when it opened it was Sammy and a girl i guess it was Eli "Sammy!" i screamed hugging him he hugged back Eli cough we stayed there for along time "Oh this is my girlfriend Elianette" he said pointing at her "Hi" i said she waved at me I could tell she was shy she was a rebel i could tell she had dark brown hair and brown eyes and she had a blouse on it was blue and she had high waisted skinny jeans.
We walked in and chatted Eli was pretty cool i loved her being Sam girlfriend they are perfect."So Sammy Riley and i need to stay somewhere only if your find with it to Eli" i said "Ya only if your fine" Riley said. "Yeah i live with Sammy to" she said cuddling with him "Well i guess you guys can" he said "Thanks" i said smiling.I went to my car to grab our suit cases then i saw...
To be continued....Cliffhanger guess what happens next..Vote if you want me to update again today bye Yum Yums