
Isabelle POV
When i woke up in the morning i smelled bacon i went down stairs to check who was cooking and i saw Sam i looked at him and hugged him. I went back upstairs toget ready i brush my teeth and hair for my clothes i put boyfriend jeans and a white t-shirt.I check my phone for any notifications.
When i saw my notifications Cam had called me 30 times and texted me 60 times. I ignored all. I went back downstairs and the food was already ready "Hey Sams im gonna hang with Riley but if i need anything I'll call you" i said "Yeah anything" he said.
After we ate our breakfest i called Riley and told her to pick me up.After awhile Riley finally came."Hey boo guess what Cam had been telling me" Riley said "Dont know but he been texting me a bunch of times" i said back "He said he'll give me $1,000 if i told him where you were" she said "Well i know you are too good of a friend" i said putting my arm on her shoulder after our chat we were at the park chilling.
After awhile of walking talking, i saw someone that i didnt want to see Matthew and Cameron when we walked up my eyes were facing Cameron and Rileys Matts.It was ackward i started running i grab Rileys hand before running though we ran as fast as we could but the boys were faster just before they could reach us i called Sammy and yelled in the phone "Cam is coming after us help" and thats the only thing i could to before Cam took the phone "Hello Sam i should of guess it was u" Cam said you couldnt hear what Sammy was saying but i know he would come.
After Cam grab us we got in the car Riley was crying because she couldnt belive Matt would do that to her "Dont cry Sammy will get us" i whispered in ear comforting her.We were at mine and Cams house they grab us and brought us to the house."Cameron stop it leave Riley alone" i said standing up "No that bitch is trouble" he said slapping her "Dont touch her " i said slapping him Matt just turned around i glared at him."Cam calm down please there girls" Matt said Cam just stood there i turned around hugging Riley."Riley show them ur not scared" i whispered Riley stood up and went to Cam "This bitch is strong" she said slapping him really hard that he fell she started kicking him i grab his keys and we went off.
We got in the car and drove off.
Cameron POV
"This bitch is strong" Riley said slapping me so hard i fell to the ground she started kicking me and Isabelle took the keys and they left.I lost her again.
To be contiued..I posted late today srry i felt like not writing today i feel like rhyme a little up there hehe i suck anyways bye Yum Yums pm me follow i follow back and read my other fanfic