
Isabelle POV
After i.put on my clothes i went downstairs to grab some breakfest it was about 12:00pm in the afternoon "Did you guys?"Sammy said coming over to me with puppy eyes "Sams you know you and i can never be." i said back "Yeah it can happen but we have to work together."Sammy said i was gonna say something afterwards but he kissed me..
I kissed back.
"See you like me."Sammy said putting his hands on my waist "Sam stop teasing me please" i said leaving the kitchen.After that i decided to do what Cam said search up Cameron Dallas in the web.When i was searching i saw that all the boys were famous.Wtf even Sammy.I went up to Sammy and hit him in the chest "Why did you not ever tell me!"i yelled "About what?"he said back "That i can be in danger of fangirls!"i yelled back at him he saw that was hurt.
I decided to call Cam to and show him a piece of my mind. It started ringing.Then he anwered "Hello"he said.
Cameron POV
Isabelle was calling so i anwered."Hello"I said "Hello Cameron fuking Dallas"she yelled "Wow whats wrong?"i said "Nothing its just that my boyfriend lied to me"i said "Wait im your boyfriend?"i said "You....Cam dont call me or text me"she said in a sad voice "Im coming over now babe"i said then we hung up i got ready and went in the car.
Isabelle POV
"Sammy you have to leave Cameron coming"i said crying.When Sammy left Cameron was here he came to me and broght me some chocolate and i hugged him."Now whats wrong?"he said feeding me some chocolate "Well,i thoght you'll never lie to me i thought we were always well never gonna lie thing."i said crying a bit."Babe,I did it for your own sake,If you would of known i thought you would of fangirled"he said making me laugh "i only fangirl over hot guys"i said making him laugh. I grabbed his hand then my mom came in the living room.
"Hey moma why dont we go to the park, pinic?" i said while cuddling with Cam "Yeah you can invite your friend" she said making Cam ask who "Oh hes a childhood friend" i said nervously "Can i meet him?" he ask "Another time" i said " Im gonna help my mom make sandwiches" i said kissing his forhead and leaving.
"Mom stop Cam would freak if he knew i hang out with the guy" i whispered "Oh sorry" she whispered back "Lets say his name is Austin" i whispered to her "Who is Autin?"Cam ask go going  in the kitchen."The friend we were talking about" i lied . "ok" Cam said kissing me.I stop him.He grab my hand and pulled me to my bedroom."What the hell is wrong!"he shouted at me "Nothing i been thinking" i said back "Arent you mine im yours" he said going in for a hug.I hugged him "I dont want to lose you" he whispered in my ear..
To be continued
Hope you guys are liking it so far:~ (:V) (:V) :-}