
Isabelle POV
When i woke up Cameron was sleeping his arms are not around me luckly i got out the bed and grab some of my old clothes i put on a floral skirt and a white shirt that said Go with the flow i put on my white hightops and then i went to do my makeup i put on some eyeliner and mascara.When i finished i heard a voice "Isa" i heard "Im leaving" i said going for the door.
After i left i took a taxi to Sammys beach house when i opened the door everyone was there "Hi guys" i said waving and shutting the door Eli came up to me "Are you okay?" she asked "Yes" i said hugging her and everyone else when i hugged Sammy he whispered in my ear "Stay safe" i gave.him a concern look i got on Twitter and posted a tweet 'Today im making a vid for tommrow what shoud i do?' i tweeted after awhile tweets started rolling in some were Boyfriend tag,Bestfriend vs Boyfriend and Would you rather.
I texted Cam.
Me:Wanna hang tommrow?
Cam:Yeah
Me:Ok i trust you..
Cam:Wait are we dating..
Me:I guess
Cam:Ok
Me:Wait come to the beach and we can make a video together.xD
Cam:Ok.
I set up my camera and lights and told Riley what were doing.Cam arrived a few minutes later.I turned on the camera and started "Hey guys whats up its me Camila now known as Isabelle,Today we are doing Boyfriend vs Bestfriend Challenge this is my boyfriend Cameron and my bestie known as Maddie but now Riley" i said pointing at each one they both waved at the camera.
"Camerom to let you know i live with her" Riley said making faces at Cam "But i lived with her too" he said mocking her "Ok first question 'What do i order in Starbucks?'" i said they both wrote on there boards they both turned it around at the same time Rileys said Caramel frappe and Cam said Cotten Candy "Rileys is correct srry babe" i said patting him "Next question 'Who is my celebrity crush?'" i said they both turned it at the same time and both said Cameron Dallas "Yay both got right anwer" i said while i kissed Cam on the cheek and hugged Riley.
Skips to the end of video.
By the end of the video Riley won by 3 points "Ha i won!!"Riley shouted "Yay" cam said sarcastically "Camy stop" i said stroking his hair "Im leaving to go with Matt" Riley said going to the door "Its just you and me" Cam said looking at me with lust "No" i said leaving he grab my waist and started kissing my neck "Caneron i got to edit the video stop" i said pushing him away but kissing him afterwards he followed me to the room and i edited the video on his lap when i finished i went to Cam "Camy i finished now" i said taking off my shirt "Ok" he said looking at the tv "Turn around" i said taking off my pants when he turned around he came for me and started kissing me they all felt so good. I wish life will always be like this..
To be continued
Yasssssssssssssssssssssss