
1 month later
Isabelle POV
The babies were born last night Sammy and Eli hadnt called since me and Cam are in our old house and were still living together Riley and Matt are now engaged it was adorable.
When i woke up in the morning Cam was still sleeping i am a actor now today i start the movie its a Action movie i am thw main girl.I went to take a shower and brush my teeth i grabbed some clothes i put on a blue sundress and some wedges for my hair i curled it i did my makeup and kissed Cam on the head intell he pulled me on the bed "Cameron Dallas my hair" i said getting up "Ill miss you too" he yelled i started to walk out the door my manager called "Hello" i said "Im outside" " Ok " i hung up and went back to the room and kissed Cam and grabbed my purse and keys and left.
After the meeting
I went home and everyone was there Cam was holding Sammy Jr. I looked at him my eyes were fill with joy he looked up at me and smiled he gave Sam to Sammy he came and gave me a hug i hugged back giving him a kiss "How was your meeting" He asked "Fine but boring " i said sitting on the couch going to grab Sammy "Hi little one" i said giving her my pinky.
Cameron POV
Looking at Isabelle with a baby got me thinking if i want one but after marriage.I want to wait awhile more everyone is having there moment and i want to have ours.I sat next to her and kissed her cheek.
After awhile everyone left i took a shower and put on some shorts Isabelle was on the couch i sat next to her and put my arm around her "I want one" she whispered "I do too" i said "But we have to wait for our moment" i said back we cuddle for the rest of the day before we both fell asleep.
Isabelle POV
When i woke up Cameron arms were around me i was so warm i got off and went to the bathroom and took a shower brush my teeth and put on a muscle tee and some sweats because today the first day i begin filming i went to the kitchen and grabbed a snack before i left i kissed Cameron and left.
After filming
I went home and see Cameron cooking."Cam are you cooking?" i asked "Yeah im almost finish" he said turning off the stove "This is to sweet babe" i said kissing him.
After they ate their food.
"Your so romantic" i said kissing his cheek "Ya i know" he said i left to take a shower when i got out i put a towel over me because i left my clothes when i got out a hand was put in my mouth i screamed "Dont worry its me" Cam whispered and let go of me and started laughing "Jerk" i said flicking him off " I love you too" he said going in the bathroom.
To be continued xD