
Isabelle POV
I started to hear honks.
I told my mom Cam was gonna pick me up and she said it was alright.I got in the car and saw Cam had a hickey."Whats that?"i ask pointing to the hickey. He saw me pointing at it and just shook his head."Well what are we doing today?"I ask "We're gonna go get some ihop and some icecream." he said back "Cam i already ate and im full so just get me the icecream and ill stay home."i said back witha cute little face.
"Ok" he said back.
He left me at the house all the boys were there,but no Sammy I could tell there was a party because trash everywhere and most of the boys were still drunk."See you guys had fun last night." i said to the boys "Not all the fun Cam got laid."Carter said i actually am piss cuz Cam said he liked me.
I went upstairs to the bedroom and i didnt even sit on the bed. I felt digusted.There was a note on the floor and a phone number it said Jessica Hood 2215674356(not real) i decided to call the number "Hello honey" she said "Hi its they guy from last night" i said in A Cameron voice "Oh are we meeting today to?"she asked "Yeah make sure ur ready?"i said back in a Cam voice and hung up.
After the phone call Cameron came he told me he loves me and all that junk and this is what i said "If you loved me u didnt need a fucking thot asshole" i screamed with tears in my eyes and showing the number.Cam saw that i was sad."Izz-"he said before i cut him off."Listen i dont need ur pity ur disgusting just leave me alone and yeah just leave me be i dont want to talk to you" i said "Isabelle dont you tell me that,You know that,Izzy" he said with sadness in his voice.
After awhile i just ate my icecream in the living room while everyone was in there bedroom i decided to text the thottie
Me:Hey its the boy from last night why dont you come over now?
Jessica:Yes daddy
Wtf she did not just call him that?
"Cameron,Carter taking me out." i yelled "Ok,come back with some skittles." he yelled back.
I left and surprise the thottie was there."Hey im looking for Cameron?"she asked "Well Cam upstairs lets go Isabelle." Carter said grabbing my hand "No No Ill get Cam" i said i went upstairs and grab Cam i put a blindfold over his face and took him downstairs."Ready for ur suprise" i said in his ear "Better be a good one"he said i took off the blindfold and when he saw Jessica he definitely was suprised "Hey baby wanted to see me again"Jessica said in a sexy voice i looked at him he look like a puppy just starled.i started moking him with the i love you thing then i slap him and took Carter hand and left.
Cameron POV
She slapped me and left with Carter and Jessica was still there."You can leave now."i said about to cry she left and i went to the room "Isabelle im sorry" i screamed and punch the wall.
Then i got a text.
Isabelle:Dont you dare come over!!!
Me:Bae :( I actually. Love you i was drun last night and i did something stupid your the only one.I promise
Isabelle:ya mean it?
Me:yes
Isabelle:Take me on a date?
Me:Yes
Isabelle:Dont forget the flowers ^°^
Me:I wont
To be continued