
It was just a normal day in Brunswick, Georgia. The sun was shinging so brightly and the breeze blew calmly. Sterling and I were playing video games in my room for hours. Finally my mother called us down for dinner. There she strapped the twins, Harmony and Hadley, into their highchairs." Sterling, would you like to stay for dinner" she asked." Well if it won't be a hassle" he replies." Of course not" she said while brushing something off his shoulder.
She then stirs the pot one more time and places the soup in our bowls. She gestures us to go sit down at the table. So we do. She makes herself and the twins a serving and joins us." Let us pray" she says as we join hands and shut our eyes." Lord let us bring up all of our problems to you this fine evening and let us glorify your glorious name. In your name we pray.Amen."
We begin to eat our soup and we hear the news say something. I couldn't make out what it said though. Something about the dead. Probably just a funeral or something." Good soup mom" I say." Shush" she barks back at me. She stands up and grabs the television's remote."
Mom, what's wrong" I say nervously. Sterling looks at me like he was worried. My mother turns up the volume. We all sit in silence watching the screen. I'm so confused. What's going on. Then the news says it again
* Repeat there has been a disease out break across the east coast of the United States and will later spread to the west coast. Take shelter immediately. Sanctuaries have been placed throughout the U.S. Those infected may have symptoms such as: blood shot eyes, rotting flesh, unusual cannibalistic hunger, and limpness/ numbness of the limbs. Be safe.*
I look at Sterling and he knows what I'm thinking about. ZombieX306. Best zombie game ever. My mom panics. She orders us to pack some extra clothes and grab some weapons. Then she takes Harmony and Hadley into her room and packs all of their bags in a small travelers bag. She also grabs some of the guns from dad's gun safe.
We all meet up in the living room." What weapons do you have" she says to us. "Three knifes for each of us and two pistols" I reply." I have four light weight guns. I'll take two of them and a knife. Sterling you take a light weight, a knife and a pistol. Same with you Fabian" she says while taking short and choppy breathes. I wish I could do something to calm her down. But I can't.
We gather up some water bottles, canned goods, and two blankets. "Come on boys, we have to go now" she says rushing." No. We can wait till dad gets home" I say with tears in my eyes." Darling, he's probably already gone" she replies knowing she has to face the truth. We put are backpacks on and mom and I grab each of the twins.
We set off into the woods thinking the infected wouldn't be there yet. All of us were heart broken. We thought we'll never see our family or friends ever again.