
He began to rip up his nightshirt. You see, Hydra each week gave us a day shirt and a night shirt and then sleep pants and normal pants.

No Bucky don't. You will get cold.

Don't worry. I will just wear my other one. Anyway, you need this more then I do. Here.

He handed me a wadded up scrap.

What am I supposed to do with this? I asked.

I wasn't lying when I said it would hurt. You cant pass out because I don't know if you would wake up. You have to bite on it.

How do you know all this?

You learn fast after years of brutal missions and the consequences if you failed one. I have done this several times on myself, but never on anyone else. Unfortunately it will probably be the most painful thing you have ever experienced because of the way they broke. I am so sorry. I never wanted to hurt you. Now I have to.

Bucky. Its fine. I deserve it.

His look told me that we would talk about this later.

Ready? He asked.

I nodded and bit down on the cloth. He as right. It was by far one of the most painful things that has ever happened to me. I almost passed out, but he had shook me awake as soon as he saw. When he was finally done. Tears ran down my cheeks. Not for myself, but for the man I had done so much worse to.
Bucky had tears in his eyes too.

I am so sorry. He whispered.

Don't be. Feel sorry for the man who will never feel again. I replied.

He just looked at me sadly. I sat up and my world spun. I nearly fell off the bed. Bucky caught me in time and gently helped me sit up.

Which shoulder? He asked.

Both. I replied.

He gently probed the dislocated one. He looked at me apologetically and then popped it back in. I sucked my breath in. He cupped my face in his hands. I saw the tear trickle down his face and felt something other then sadness and anger at myself. I felt something deep. Love. I gently lifted my hand and brushed away the tear. He leaned into my hand and closed his eyes.
He released my face and went to the next shoulder. He lifted up my sleeve and I watched as his eyes went wide in horror. He looked down at his robotic hand and saw the few drops of blood. His eyes slid shut over stormy blue eyes. He squeezed his hand into a fist. When he looked at me, I saw that his eyes were full of anger. At himself. He walked over and gently began to touch my face. I closed my eyes as I enjoyed the gentle touch.
