
The man who always interrogated me, came in. He never revealed his name. It drove me crazy. I guess he was just the head of Hydra. He walked in and handed Bucky a file. He didn't even say anything. He came, gave the file to Bucky and then walked out. Bucky glanced at the file. He handed it to me. I quickly scanned the page. In a nutshell, it said that Bucky and I were going on a mission together. I was going to be their practice. I would be taken along as a pretend hostage. Bucky had to blow up an armory and protect me at the same time. It was to test Bucky's skills. I sighed. Hydra only thought of Bucky as a machine, but I knew better. He was a man. Someone who hurt and felt.
I looked at Bucky. He looked sick.

Are you ok? I asked, worriedly.

No. They want me to protect someone. I have never done that. I may not be able to do it. I may fail. You may die.

No I wont. You are going to train me. I will be fine. We can do this. Together. You always do this. You try to do everything on your own. When will you trust me enough to share your sadness?

Because. It is easier this way. No one is better or worse. If I share my soul with you, you will become a part of me. When I loose you, that part will be gone, leaving me empty.

I would much rather have known someone. To have lived and loved. Maybe I would die empty, but I could at least say that at some point I was full. I wont leave you Bucky. Even if I could leave and go back to SHEILD  right now, I would choose to stay with you. Even though I would be free, I could never be happy without you.

Bucky didn't reply.  I walked over and gently disentangled his arms. I curled up with his arms around me and laid my head on his chest. I could hear his heart beat. His arms tightened around me. I felt so protected and safe.

We should start training. We only have a week . He whispered in my ear.

I nodded my head. I gently stood up. Bucky followed me.

What do I do first? I asked.

The next five hours were spent training me in basic self defense and combat skills. Bucky was a really good teacher. First, he would show me the move. Then he would teach me how to do it. He then would show me all the counter moves and attacks for that move. Then we would have a showdown. I would practice all the moves to prove I had really learned them. I went to bed sore and tiered but extremely proud of myself. I didn't get to sleep for long though. I was awakened in the night.