
We spent the rest of the week training. By the end, both Bucky and I knew I could hold my own in a fight. Soon, the big day came. I was escorted out and taken to a bathroom down the hall. I sighed as I took a shower. It had been awhile.
I looked at what Hydra had given me to wear. I had only one good thing to say about Hydra and that was that they had dang good style. I pulled black, shiny leather pants and a scoop neck tank top. I had a mask like Bucky. I braided my hair loosely. I looked down at the stubby piece of charcoal in my hand and shrugged, smearing it on my eyes. I strapped my weapons holder around my waist and strapped it again at the top of my knee. I looked in the mirror and gasped. Except for the robotic arm and the hair, I was literally a female version of Bucky. I grinned behind my mask.
I was escorted back to my cell. Bucky had just put his gun into his weapons holder.  He looked up as I came in. At first he didn't recognize me. Then as recognition lit up his eyes, he said

You look like me.

I know.

He looked sad.

What is it? I asked.

You look like you fit in. You look like you are a part of Hydra. A warning before we leave. When you start fighting, it will feel right. You will feel like you are doing good. You have got to remember. You are the bad guy. You will be hurting your own people. Only shoot to hurt, never to kill.

I will remember. You should know that if we try to escape, I have a bomb attached to me. If we run, they will activate it.

I knew Hydra would do something like that. I wasn't planning on running.

Ready?

Ready.

We boarded a plane and was surprised to see that Bucky flew and that no Hydra agents were with us. But I guess when you are rigged, you don't need anyone to guard you.
We touched down and I looked into a sea of soldiers.

Ok so the plan is, get as many people out as soon as possible and  then blow the place. Try to avoid as much fighting as possible. Just do what has to be done and get out.

All went according to plan. I left the plane and avoided everyone. I only had to fight three people. I reached the building and saw instantly that it was abandoned. Bucky must have gotten everyone out. He was placing the bombs when I arrived.

Ok we have got five minutes to get out of here before the place blows. Lets go. Bucky said.

Bucky reached the door first. I was about to step out, when someone crashed into me, slamming me to the floor. The breath was sucked out of me. I lay on the ground dazed. Someone ripped my mask off and gasped. My eyes slowly adjusted and focus on.........

AN: @Avengers_Girl Thanks so much for the comments. Sorry it is so short I will write more tomorrow. SO who do ya think it is?