
I was surrounded in a heartbeat. Guns pointed at my chest, but I just stared down at the pattered floor. All I could see was the man. My head ached and my entire body seemed to shake with my heartbeat throbbing. It only reminded me that his would never beat again. Because of me. I could still see those lifeless eyes. Those cold staring eyes that would never see again. They would always haunt me.
A guard grabbed my arm roughly.

You messed up big time. Your going to have to answer to the boss! He whispered in my ear.

I could hear the glee in his voice but I said nothing. There was a guard on either side of me, escorting me to the office. I closed my eyes. I was dead inside. The sadness, the grief was there but I could not cry. The sadness tore at my heart like a caged animal, but I could not let it out. The grief was so deep it touched the core of my heart. No. I could not cry. This grief was beyond tears. I had taken from someone, what I valued more then anything. Something I vowed to protect not terminate.
We  had reached the office. The door swung open and he sat in his desk. A smile played around his mouth and he looked happy.

Look at her men. Not weeks ago she was spitting fire and now she is as docile as a dog. He laughed with glee. Not spitting today huh?

I kept my head down. His hand smacked me so hard I fell.

You will answer when I ask you a question.

I sat on the ground, staring at the carpet.

I like you like this. Broken. Like a doll. Now, I am afraid to say that you have broken a Hydra rule. No one leaves once you have entered. You will have to be punished. He said maliciously.

He signaled a guard and he yanked me to my feet. Then, he kneed me in the ribs. He shook me roughly and I felt my arm give. He hit me again in the ribs. His hand closed around my neck and he threw me to the floor.

Have her stand. The boss commanded. I am going to give you something so you never forget today.

He pulled a pocket knife from a drawer and grabbed my hand. He slit my palm, and then dropped my hand.

There, he said darkly, now you will never forget. Take her back to her cell.

The pain was good, welcomed even. At least I felt something. I tried to walk, but I stumbled. A guard lifted me over his shoulder, making my ribs hurt even more. I was fighting to keep consciousness. We reached the cell and he threw me in. As the door slammed, my vision blurred and my eyes closed.