
I was yanked unceremoniously out of sleep and pulled to my feet. The grip on my arm was grueling.

Boss wants to see ya. Get up!

So I Was half dragged out of our cell while Bucky was trying to push his way through the men who blocked his path. The door slammed shut and the last thing I saw was his worried face. I blinked rapidly, trying to rid the sleep and haze from my brain. I hardly knew where I was. I was walked past endless corridors and offices. I realized it was morning. I sighed. Last night was still hazy. I remembered the dream in bits and pieces as we walked.
By the time we reached the biggest office and the end of the hallway, I remembered everything. My mood, needless to say, was gloomy and angry and sad. I stood in front of a chair placed before the large desk of the man in charge of Hydra. I was pushed into the chair. I sat there staring at a random spot on the ceiling. I sighed and turned my eyes lazily on the man at the desk.

I suppose you are wondering you I have called you here?

Not particularly. But I suppose you are going to tell me. My complex emotions made me braver and a heck of a lot more sarcastic.
I realized that this wasn't a happily ever after story. No one was coming for us. I was stuck here. My situation was hopeless. I had no reason to believe that I would ever escape. Before the mission I had always believed we would be rescued. Now, a deep, dreadful acceptance had come over me. It had changed me. I was still the bright happy person I always was, but I wasn't afraid to fight back anymore.

Sarcasm does not become you my dear.

It doesn't become you either. What do you want with me? Don't beat around the bush.

I thought you would never ask. We would like to offer you a part in Hydra. What I mean is-

I don't need an explanation to tell you no. I don't care what it is, I want no part of Hydra. I interrupted.

My dear, you don't seem to understand. Your time here is indefinite. You need this to keep from growing restless. We would treat you well.

Oh yes. Just like you treated Bucky. Oh please. Lets be honest. If it was working, you would be wiping me right this minute. We wouldn't have to have this little chat, you would decide for me.

Now now. Don't get yourself worked up. Hydra has seen what you can do and we think you would make the best assassin we have ever seen. Maybe better then the Winter Soldier.

I don't want to be your puppet. I am sorry. Actually that's not true. I'm not sorry.

You don't understand. Hydra always get what it wants.

Really? Hasn't worked out too well for you. You better get used to disappointments. Life is not fair. You cant always get what you want. I am ready to return to my cell now.

He just gaped at me. I grinned inwardly. I had shocked him. I stood up and walked to the door. The guards stood there awkwardly, not sure of what to do. One grabbed my arm to take me away but I shrugged it off.

I am perfectly capable of walking. Thank you very much.

I held my head high as I walked back to see Bucky. I grinned. Maybe my situation wasn't so hopeless. The cell door swung open and I gasped in shock as  I was pushed in and the door clanged shut behind me.
