
Darkness was replaced with searing white light. I squinted and then opened my eyes to black. Rope  bit into my wrists and ankles. I struggled against them. I sighed.

Bucky you there?

Yes. Do you still have your blindfold on?

Yes.

Don't take it off.

Why?

I am going to die so we can move on.

You realize how stupid that sounds?

No. This is serious.

Bucky. You realize that she controls the levels. You cant just die every time. She wants to see our skills so give them to her. There is nothing else we can do. Its not like we can just die on every level and then expect it to turn off. We have to at least try. If we die trying then we move on. But she wants to see what we can do and dying well is not a very good skill. We have to do this together. And we have to at least try. How else is she going to turn it off. If we just die then she wont ever turn it off. Bucky I am not saying I agree with Hydra. Just that if we give them what they want they will leave us alone.

So your saying if Hydra wanted us to murder someone we should?! Because I have lived that way with no choice for so many years. I am not going to give them the satisfaction of watching us obey them!

No Bucky. I didn't mean that. Honest. I just meant that this isn't hurting anybody but us. We have to either do what they want or get shot for escaping or disobeying. We are trapped. We have to stop sitting around. We have to do hat needs to be done to satisfy their studies or try to escape. Either way we could die.

I am sorry I got so upset. I just hate that you have to go through all this. If it was just me, I could bear it better.

I had finally untied my hands. I ripped the blindfold off and sighed. I could see why he didn't want me to see. We were suspended midair above a black endless hole. We were held only by a rope tied to our waists.

Bucky. Darling. I am not afraid to die. My worst fear would be living without you. Don't try to do everything on your own. Yes. Hydra has changed me, but its for the better.

Before he could reply, the rope gave and we fell twelve feet before we were yanked roughly back by the ropes. It tightened around my waist. My eyes rolled back into my head before I could say anything.