
Two worried Hydra agents burst in.

Get your stuff! SHIELD is here and we have to move you to a safer place. One of them said.

Bucky gently disentangled himself from my arms and moved to pack up mutely. I followed.

Bucky. This is our chance. Its now or never. If we let them take us, we will die here. We have to risk it. I whispered.

But we could die. Anyway you are in no condition to fight.

We have to try. Isn't freedom worth it?

I don't know what freedom is angel

Oh Bucky. Let me show you. Promise me. Promise me that if something happens to me, you will keep going. If we are going to try this, then you have to accept the fact that I may not make it. Will you promise me?

I wish I didn't have to, but I will.

The guards were looking suspiciously at us.

I can take them both out, if you distract one for just a moment. Bucky said.

I nodded. He slowly counted to three on his fingers. I walked up to one of the guards.

I demand to know where we are going! I said.

He looked at me. It gave Bucky just the chance. He clamped his hand over the other guard's mouth and knocked him out. The guard in front of me raised his hand as if to hit me. He brought it down and I closed my eyes, waiting for the hit. Instead, I felt someone gently stroke my cheek and plant a kiss on my forehead. I opened my eyes. The guard was on the ground and Bucky stood there. I jumped into his arms and hugged him. He seemed surprised and didn't do anything for a moment. His arms slowly went around me. I breathed in and let his scent imprint itself in my memories.

Come on. I said as I pulled back. We will have a head start so we should take advantage of it.

He grabbed my hand and we sprinted down the hallway. We had been running for about ten minutes before we ran into someone. Me quite literally. Bucky stopped in time but I ran full on into the person.

Sis! Oh my gosh!  I didn't know if you would still be alive. You look awful. What have they been doing to you? Bucky? Steve said.

I was always called his little sister but there was no blood relation.

Steve. We don't have time for questions about what happened to me. We have to get out of here. Can you get us back to SHEILD? I asked.

Yes of course. That is why we are here. Follow me.

We ran down the hallway, but soon Steve was far ahead and Bucky several feet in front of me. Someone grabbed me from behind. I heard a click and something cold and metal was placed against my right temple.

