
I hugged Steve before he left.

Be a good girl. He whispered to me.

Try not to kill yourself. I said. He laughed and hugged me again.

I waved as they left and then walked back inside. I saw a new file on my desk.
Good. I need something to do. I thought to myself. Then I saw the label. "Bucky Barnes." I picked it up. A post it was stuck to the first page.

I heard you were interested. Hope this helps.
~Steve

I laid my head down and nearly sobbed. I had worked so hard so that Steve would never find out. I was worried he would be angry. I controlled myself and began going through the file.
Someone grabbed my arm roughly and shook me awake. I had fallen asleep at my desk. It must have been hours. I mumbled something incoherently. I was awake in a moment when a fist hit my ribs. Hard. My eyes shot open and I gasped for breath. I was pulled from my desk chair and shoved roughly to the floor.
Grab those files! Destroy the place if you must, but find that file! A man's rough voice said to a group of soldiers. They walked off without a word.

What about her? The guard that had a steel grip on my arm asked.

Take her with us. She will be our prisoner. The first man said.

But Sir! All the cells were destroyed. The guard said.

Not all of them. The first man said.

The guard's eyes widened but he nodded and dragged me to my feet. My hands were bound tightly together and I was pushed roughly along. My ribs were killing me. I could almost feel the bruises forming. I was shoved roughly into a helicopter with no windows in the back. We flew for at least two hours. We finally touched down and I was dragged into a dark room. The guard opened a door and I was shoved roughly into the small room. My ribs hit the edge of a small table.
The room was definitely a cell. The walls were a drab grey. There was a small light in the corner and two small beds on two walls. And of course there was the small table I bumped into and two small chairs. But that was not what drew my attention. Sitting on a bed on one wall was The Winter Soldier.
