
I woke up in Bucky's arms. I realized that while I had been sleeping, Bucky had applied pressure to my knife wound, causing the blood to stop. I also realized that it had a bandage on it. I had remembered seeing a few in the corner when I first came in. Bucky must have smuggled them in.
I stirred and Bucky woke up. I turned my head so that I could see his face. We stared into each others eyes trying to read the other's thoughts. I smiled and a ghost of a smile flitted across his face.
The day went like all my days seemed to go while cooped up in this dirty cell. We talked a little, slept, and ate the little food that they gave us. We began to trust each other a bit more. Soon, it felt like we had known each other for a long time.  A week went by with nothing eventful happening. Then, something did happen.
I woke up and Bucky was gone. I glanced around the room and saw in a heartbeat that he hadn't broken out. He must have been taken. I began to imagine all the things that could have happened to him. I worked myself up into panic. I was about ready to fly off the handle about two hours later. Finally, they brought him back.
I nearly cried at the sight of him. He was walking, but looked about half dead on his feet. I rushed to him, but one of the guards pushed me away roughly. Bucky made a weak attempt to protest my rough treatment but only got back handed for his efforts. He looked like a broken doll as the guards threw him to the floor and walked out laughing.
A sob escaped my mouth as I looked at Bucky, sitting crossed legged on the floor, head down, and hair in his face. He looked so lost and broken. I ran to my bed and stripped it. I then started tearing my sheet into strips. Then, I took a cup of water that as left from the food tray. I sat down on the floor, a few feet from Bucky. I tilted his face up and gently cleaned the many cuts that he had. He kept his eyes down and didn't look at me.
I noticed that his wounds were made by a knife. He had a long cut on his arm and a deep cut on his ankle. I cleaned and bandaged both of them. I checked him over and saw no other cuts.

What happened? I asked.

They took me out for training. I haven't fought that hard for a long time. It was just a usual training fight. I was just out of practice.

Do they do this all the time?

Yes.

Will you have to go back?

Yes.

I sighed. I looked at him, but he refused to look at me. I tipped his chin up. His eyes looked at me unblinkingly. I dropped his head. Dropping my head into my hands, I began to cry silently. Gently, Bucky pulled my wrists don into my lap and looked at my face. He gently wiped the tears from my eyes. I reached up to touch a cut that ran from his lip to the middle of his chin. I straightened.

You should have stiches on all you cuts but I guess all we can do is keep them clean and free from infection.

I hate fighting.

I know Bucky.

He laid back on the floor with his  robotic arm behind his head. With his free hand, he grabbed my own hand.