
I was so bored. I sat with my sneakered feet propped on top of my desk. I sighed. Don't get me wrong! I love my job. What more could I want. I was part of S.H.E.I.L.D. If you don't know what that is then you better go read a different story.
I was however, very unimportant. I was a counselor. Now you would think that SHEILD would have no use for someone like me. In all honesty, the only people who actually came to see me were Steve and sometimes Natasha. Other then that I was free to sit in my small office and do whatever I wanted. I wasn't even really a counselor. I was just a listener. I would listen to what Steve had to say and he would walk away feeling much better. Natasha just came by to say hi. They were my only friends here.
I was surprised when I was asked to join. I had no previous military or spy history. When I was in high school I had taken a counseling course and that was when I discovered my one talent. I had an uncanny sensitivity to people and their feelings. I could tell what a person was feeling even if their words and facial expressions betrayed nothing. It was the eyes. A slight movement or a small bat of an eyelash. I had always been sensitive.
I don't know why I am even here. They don't even need me. But I worked here regardless. I sighed again and went through some files that lay on my desk. I smiled to myself. All the agents and heroes were going on a major trip. It would just be me here. And some guards of course. It said as much in the brief instruction sheet that I had received. I was to come to work and help with some paperwork. Simple stuff. Not that I was happy to see them go, but I did like some peace and quiet.
I picked up the bottom file. I smiled again. "Bucky Barnes" the file label read. My favorite subject. After Steve came back from destroying Hydra and SHIELD, he had needed some major help. I listened attentively and asked a few questions. This Bucky, or as he was more commonly known as, The Winter Soldier, interested me. I had researched all about him. I got a mangled mess of truth and myth. But it wasn't just the stories of fear that intrigued me. It was his story. I cried with Steve when he told me. A hero gone wrong. It was so tragic, yet so dangerous.
Steve told me he was going after Bucky but this big mission kept him from doing that. After we flushed out most of Hydra and SHEILD along with it, we had begun rebuilding. Piece by agonizing piece, SHEILD started breathing again. I was hired when they had first begun to rebuild.
My mind flitted back to the file. I wondered what the newest on him was. I opened the file. Just pictures. Blurred snapshots. I peered closely and just barely made out the red star on his metal arm. I sighed. I shouldn't torture myself like this. Every time I find out more, my heart breaks a little more. I wished there was something I could do.
