
Lyric's P.o.vI'm Lyric I'm 16 and I go to John Doe Highschool I come from a family of lawyers, judges,and police officers yeah you get the picture born and raised in south side Jamaica Queens all day everyday!!!lol I'm headed to school right now!!!
First day back to school since spring break is over and I'm siked to see everybody and all the newbies at John Doe lmao!!! I hope today go good I got a feeling it will I'm more of a speak good things into exsistance type shit but don't get it twisted I ain't no ho out here you gotta watch yo back cuz' bitches do be plottin' for yo failure and I gotta have my eyes on the prize
"Lyric!!!!Lyric!! Get down here girl you gone be late for school!" I hear my momma calling me she's a Lawyer big time Lawyer at that I wouldn't say I'm rich but I for damn sure ain't poor "iight Ma I'm comin'!" I yell back back I rush down the stairs I ain't tryna be late "Bout time you showed your face girl hurry up and go to school. Or you'll be late" my momma is all about being on time rah rah rah but so am I "iight ma I'll see you later" I hopped in my car and peeled out
*10 min later*~~~~At school~~~~I'm at my locker like usual I feel like I never left this place I see these new girls one light skin one Carmel skinned they walked right next to my locker and pushed past me  I had to turn around "Ayy you just pushed me" these stankin' ass heffas got me fucked up "Yeah bitch we seen you" the lightskin one said "Oh but bitch you bout to see these muthafuckin' hands In a minute I ain't no ho don't get fucked up!" Ooh these bitches done took me there next thing I know my best friend Kai for 5 years walks  over "Is it a muthafuckin' problem? Cuz hands will be laid on a bitch any minute!" Kai said then a crowd of muthafuckas crowd around to see us but I ain't no show out I'll never give muthafuckas the satisfaction "Look I ain't even finna go there with you! I got shit to do" I wasn't tryna be late for class so I just left and as I'm walking I see my home Kaleel this nigga like a brother to me "Hey Leel wassup?!" I yelled "Hey Lyric wassup girl long time no see!" He hugs me "Ayy I wanna introduce you to my girlfriend Hazel" and in walks the light skin ho I was arguing with "This is yo girlfriend?" I said "Yeah this Hazel!!! My boo" "this that stank ho who bumped into me on purpose and called Me a bitch I damnear knocked that bitch teeth out her mouth" I was getting pissed all over again "Bitch who is yo bitch? Fuck you!!!" I almost slapped that ho but I didn't I just took my seat I could see this way gone be a looooong year man