
I inhaled sharply. The door was closed behind me. I didn't even notice. But Bucky did. He looked up. He looked at  me, and what I saw in those eyes tore me apart. I saw sadness. The deepest kind. The kind that eats your soul.
Bucky? I asked.
His head shot up and her walked up to me. Before I had a chance breath, his metal hand clamped around my upper arm.
My name is not Bucky. That was all he said.
He let go of my arm and walked back to the bed. I sat down on the other bed. I looked at him. We locked eyes. I read his very soul even though his face was expressionless. What I saw broke my heart. A tear made its way down my cheek. Then I realized something. He hadn't tried to kill me yet.
Why haven't you killed me?  I asked.
They cant wipe me. The machine was damaged. He replied.

I had an uncanny feeling that while I was reading his soul through his eyes, he was doing the same. I looked down. I stared at the floor and before I knew it, I was asleep.
I awoke to the sound of metal against metal as the door to the cell opened up.
Nice to see you are awake. You will be taken for questioning and Winter Soldier, you will be wiped. Said the first man who had spoken back in my office.

I was grabbed by the arm and pulled until I reached the office of the man who had spoke. Bucky was taken in the opposite direction. I was interrogated. But I honestly knew nothing. The man never revealed his name. He just asked me basic questions. My answer was usually "I don't know." After awhile he just sat there staring at me. Then he slapped me across the face. He walked over and punched my ribs. I heard bone crack.
How can you know nothing!! He yelled. Take her away. He said to a man who was standing nearby.
I was half carried half walked back to my cell. My ribs were broken and my cheek was already turning blue. Bucky and I were returned to our cell at the same time. A guard wacked Bucky over the head with the butt of his gun. Bucky just kneeled on the cold ground. His face empty.
The guards left and I immediately forgot my own pain.
Bu-I mean Winter Soldier. Are you ok?  My hands shook as I helped him up. He looked awful. I carried him back to his bed. He lay there looking at me. He reached his hand up to touch my bruise but I instinctively pull away. His eyes roll back in his head as he slips into unconsciousness. I drag myself into my bed and close my eyes in pain.
