
Stop. The leader of Hydra commanded.

Bucky spun around and so did Steve. Both looked at me in horror. Bucky took a step towards me and the gun pointed at him immediately.

Make one move any of you and I will shoot. Now both of you are going to come with me. Now! If you don't, I will kill him. The man said motioning to Bucky.

Bucky moved as if to step forward. The man released me and held on to my wrist.

Don't move! He commanded.

I would much rather die free then live in captivity. Bucky said softly.

Tick Tock Tick Tock. This is not time for heroics. Just come with me and I wont shoot.

I looked at him and saw desperation and a glimmer of insanity. I realized that a man in that condition would do anything, but I also saw my chance. He wasn't holding the gun tight enough. If he shot at Bucky, and if I could time it right, I could move the gun.

Time is up! Are you coming or not?

I saw Bucky look at me. I saw the intense sadness in his eyes. He lowered his head before whispering,

No.

The man nervously licked his lips. We could hear gun shots and bombs everywhere. SHEILD was closing in.

You leave me no choice then. He said.

His finger pulled the trigger. I jumped just in time, angling it down away from Bucky's chest. Bucky fell to the ground clutching his leg.
I tackled the man, trying to rip the gun away. Steve rushed to Bucky and then tried to make his way over to us, but just then a small group of Hydra agents came in and he had to fight them.
The boss was flailing wildly, trying to get the gun pointed at me. His fist collided with my ribs, yet I felt nothing. I knew I was in shock. It did, however, throw me off balance.
Now read this next part carefully. Lots of things happen at the same time. First, the gun went off and hit me. I did not however, feel it. Second, Steve finished taking care of the last of the agents and was seconds away. Third, I had finally wrenched the gun out of his hand. I grabbed the boss by the collar and shoved him against the wall.

Your not going to kill me. He said.

Why not?

Because it would haunt you forever. Just like that man will.

Oh you see that's not my problem. I said. Its his.

I moved and Steve grabbed the man. I walked away to help Bucky up.

He looked at me with horror and I stared down at a small hole just above my heart oozing blood. I grinned. I felt nothing. Bucky just stared.