
I woke up about two hours later. I sighed contentedly. Bucky was still asleep. I smiled at how cute he looked. I was still admiring his nice hair, when two guards walked in.

Aww look Patrick. The dog found a friend. One of the guards said.

She is a pretty one. Patrick said, grinning.

I wonder when Hydra started kidnapping fairies.

What do you want? I asked.

Right now? A kiss. The guard who wasn't Patrick said.

In response, I stood up, walked up to him, and smacked him hard across the face. He turned positively purple.

Now Joe. Don't do anything too rash. Hydra has plans for that one. Patrick said.

I wont Patrick. But I will teach her who is the boss here.

Joe walked towards me menacingly. I backed up until I hit a wall. Joe's hand clamped around my neck in a steel grip. My oxygen was cut off suddenly. I began gasping for breath.

Ready to give me that kiss now?

I shook my head. Patrick was examining one of the walls and didn't notice that Bucky was waking up. Joe's grip got tighter. I began to loose consciousness. Just as I felt like I was going to die, Joe's hand was ripped from my neck. I fell to the floor, gasping and sputtering. Joe was shoved up against the wall.

Don't you touch her! If you ever come here again, I will beat you! Bucky growled.

I looked up and saw Patrick come over and hold a gun to my head.

Let him go or she dies. Patrick said.

Bucky let him go. Joe walked over and picked up his gun. He began to walk to the door but not before he shoved the butt of his gun into my ribs. My breath, which had been shaky, came out raspy and haggard.

One day, that dog will die and then there will be no one to stop me from giving you that kiss. Joe hissed.

Get out! Bucky growled.

The men rushed out. I rolled over on my back and took deep breaths. Bucky sat next to me. I sat up, but not without wincing at my pain in my ribs.

Let me see your neck. Bucky said.

I lifted my chin up and pushed my long hair away, his hand brushing my neck causing shivers to run up and down my spine.

I'm ok. I said, but my voice was horse and raspy.

You will have bad bruises on your neck and your ribs.

I know. I whispered back.

He reached up and gently stoked my jaw. I grabbed his metal arm and run my fingers up and down it. I traced the red star as I began to drift off. The last thing I remember before sleeping, is a soft kiss planted on my forehead.



