
(Author's Note: Before reading this story, I strongly recommend watching the 'Diabolik Lovers' anime and OVA before reading this. This story revolves around the story and plot of DIABOLIK LOVERS, with a little more of a 'romance twist' added. The reason why I'm recommending watching the anime is because there may be parts of this story when you hate or not understand what is going on. Anyways, enjoy this story =D) - Multiapplecat.
Yui. Yui Yui Yui... A plain girl...'Nothing special about her,'But unordinary.
She flips her blonde, lucious hair from her shoulder back onto her back. Untied and kind of messy, but she liked it that way.Yui was a typical girl. But she was different.Pink eyes, pale skin, delicious blood... she was beautiful, but many failed to see past that.
She walked over to the mansion silently. The rain was dripping down uncontrollably. Yui sighs at this, and quickly goes to cover. Unfortunately her brown shorts and pink shirt was now very damp, and she was filled with anguish. She clutched her long pink sleeve and tried to look for cover.
Not only that, but there was no cover. She tripped on a curb near the front door and regains her balence. But due to the rain she slipped clumlissely, and scrapped her knee.
"Eech... Ow.."
In despair and desperation, she silently opens the door without knocking.The door creaks open like it hasn't been opened or used in years.
"...Hello..? Is anybody here?"
She forgets about the door and grasps her hand from it, and it shuts abruptantly. It startles Yui and her heart skips a beat. The light in between the door immediately gets cut off and now the mansion is completely dark. The only thing you could hear was the rain and squeaky floorboards.
The floor creaks much like the door. Every single step taken makes a squeaky noise.Yui begins to get suspicious.
(Why isn't anybody here... At least if they were here I'm pretty sure they would've locked the front door... but then I didn't knock... maybe they didn't hear me?)
"Hello!? Is somebody there?"
(Well, why did father send me to this place? Nobody's even here... maybe I should phone my father...? No, it's wrong to use a stranger's telephone and entering unwelcome... then I'll just go home then?)
Yui starts walking to the door when she feels something poking her on the back.
"...Huh?"