
Today was a new day. A new day of school, day one of it actually. Since I moved to Georgia this summer, things have been complicated and boring. I have to spend all day with myself and trust me, things can get pretty weird. Next thing you know I'm singing my undying love to an imaginary unicorn on the American Idol stage and Simon Cowell is pole dancing while Randy Jackson plays the guitar with a clown wig.
Maybe it's a little over exaggerated but still...
When I woke up this morning the smell of bacon, eggs, sausage, and pancakes overwhelms me and it instantly gets me awake and ready to get dressed.
I open my closet door and walk in. I pick out a red crop top and some light wash high waisted shorts and my white high tops converse. I go to my bathroom next and start on my make up. I first apply my foundation, concealer, and powder and then I put my baby pink MAC lipstick on and some shimmery rose gold eye shadow and finish my look with my signature wing. I grab my black and white Aztec backpack and make my way down the stairs and into the kitchen. The smells get stronger as I enter the kitchen.
"This smells amazing, Kate!" I exclaim.
"Why so surprised?" She says putting on a fake frown.
"Didn't know you had the excellence to cook something so great." I said playfully.
"Gee, thanks." She said with a glare and threw and piece of scrambled egg towards me which I not-so-gracefully ducked from. "Sierra, seriously? How did you knock the fruit and the stool and the toaster over just by ducking from a piece of egg?"
"Gravity. It's an evil thing." I say matter-o-factly.
"Hmm, did't realize the thing that kept you from not floating into space and dying was evil." She told me.
"It plays the good cop." I tell her nonchalantly.
"Ah, I see." She tells me while putting all of the food on two different plates and then bringing them to the table.
After I ate I said farewell and walked to school. It only takes about ten minutes to walk because I now live so close to it, thankfully. When I walk in I take in the scene, teenagers leaning up against lockers flirting with each other, others walking around with either a mission or just plain walking around because they have nothing else to do. I look around trying to find the principles office to get my class list. I find it shortly and when I enter a man, probably in his forties, greets me with a polite smile and asks me what he can do for me.
"Hello, I'm Sierra Daniels and I'm here to get my class lists for grade eleven?" I say awkwardly.
"Oh! Yes..." He trails off looking through some papers and then hands me one of them. "Here you go."
"Thank you. Have a nice day!" I tell him as I walk out.
I travel down the hall while looking at the class lost to see what I have first.
English.
As soon as I look up my fave gets smashed by a very muscular back. Next thing you know my body gets sandwiched by a very large guy and the floor.
"Oof." I sputter as I fall.
"Geez, I'm sorry!" I hear him say in embarrassment and obvious worry as he quickly gets up
"Uh, it's okay. You really shouldn't have been walking backwards, though. It's weird anyways." I said still flustered.
"If you would have been looking you would have seen me walking backwards to talk to my friend across the room." He said smirking.
"Sorry, your right." I said looking down at my feet.