
"Harry? Harry Potter?" she wondered. Harry was now in his third year. A girl he had never seen before was calling out to him. "....yes?" he answered. "I'm sorry, I don't believe we've met before. I'm Nina Collins. I'm Ravenclaw, as you can see by my robes. I'm sorry to interrupt, but I had a question," she said. "We've got time. We are on the train, however," Harry replied. "Who are you?" the red-haired boy had asked. "Nina. Nina Collins. I presume you are Ron Weasley. Nice to meet you," Nina replied to him. Ron gave Harry the "confused-Ron-look", as we all know what that looks like. Harry shrugged as Nina continued. "Anyway, about my inquiry, it's kind of odd," she went on. "Well, what is it then?" Ron impatiently asked. Nina hesitated, and then asked, "Do you know what the Cruciatus Curse is?" Harry and Ron shared a confused and dumbfounded look, and then looked back at Nina and shook their heads. She sighed, "Ask Hermione. She'll know." With that, Nina walked out of their compartment. As Harry and Ron were waiting for Hermione to get back, more than one person had an unexpected surprise.
Nina had a run-in with the one and only-- Draco Malfoy. "Coming from Potter's car, Nina?" Draco half-sneered. They were on good terms, he didn't hate her, she didn't hate him. They almost never agreed, but were still somewhat friends. He was standing in the doorway of his compartment, also blocking the way of Nina getting to hers. "Draco, now is not the time," she scolded. "Oh, and what are you going to do?" he laughed. It was a fake laugh, because he knew how good she could be at spells and jinxes and was --in a way-- afraid of her. Nina shoved past him and into her compartment, where her friend, Rhiannon, had been before she left. She was not to be found now, you see, and Draco took this opportunity. "Why were you in Potter's compartment?" Draco stepped in and shut the door. "Why do you care?" Since he didn't really have an answer to that, he just said, "...I don't." Nina turned her head toward the window, "Then don't ask." It had suddenly got extremely cold that they could see their breath in the air. Draco sat down and the door closed. Hermione, Ron, and Harry were in their compartment with that strange man that was sleeping on the end. Nina breathed on the window, and it all became foggy. It was deadly silent as everyone awaited what would happen. Draco and Nina scooted closer to the window as they saw a black creature lurking outside their door. It was a dementor, as Nina had read about in a dark magic creatures book. She guessed they were many of them on the train, for what reason she did not know. "A dementor. They protect the outer walls of Azkaban prison. Though, I don't know why it's here," Nina said aloud. "My father will hear about this," Draco muttered to himself. "I'm sure he will," Nina rolled her eyes. Meanwhile, a dementor was feeding off of Harry's happy memories, sucking out his soul, until that strange man that was sitting with them got rid of it. He conjured a patronus, he did.