
Tracy Calinson is the bitch of the school, and my best friend Jace has a huge crush on her. For the past couple months ive been trying to prove how much of a player she is so he can finally shut up about her perfectness. I call him and press the speaker button,"hey, can we meet at starbucks?", i hear him yawn,"well good morning to you too"i sigh,"you should really try waking up earlier sometimes, its supposed to be really good for the brain and from personal experience its quite refreshing" i can almost hear his annoyance through the phone," my grades are good enough". I smiled at his comment, Jace was literally a straight A student." Meet me at starbucks, 11.00am sharp, and dont be late" i hang up and smile to myself.
****************
I sit in our usual spot on the second floor, overlooking the canal. I look at my phone, 10.58am i see jace running through the door. He sits down at exactly 11.00am,"your lucky" I remark, putting down my phone,"im very lucky to have a best freind like you" he says with a grin. Loser. I sigh, and pass him the report,"here you go" he looks at the paper suspiciously,"what is this?" He reluctantly asks picking up the piece of paper,"proof that Tracy is a slutty bitch" i say, a smirk on my face. Jace looks at the paper,"seriously?". I look at him, eyebrows raised,"you need to stop stalking her, shes a bitch!!!"he laughed and looked at his lap,"jaz, ive been meaning to tell you this, but im gay" i sit there stunned, when i give it some thought, it makes perfect sense.
You know those stories where a guy and a girl become best freinds and then they fall in love? Those stories never end in freindship, well this one does, there has never been any romantic interest between us, and now i understand why.
I stand up and hug him, he looks me in the eye,"so your ok with it?" He askes gingerly. I smile,"of course I'm ok with it!!!" He tells me all about it, and the fact that at first his 'crush' on Tracy was kinda an excuse i grinned the entire time, letting him know that i was totally supporting him. We say goodbye and i go back home.