
Brice's pov
I was taking a stroll in the forest one day, it was nice out so why not? It was the evening and the sunset was beautiful. I saw in the distance however, a house. A wooden house to be exact.
How odd, why out in the middle of nowhere? It's really deep in the forest as well. I slowly started walking towards the house, when I got close enough I peeked through the window. At first, I thought this house was abandon, but I saw something move inside of it, I couldn't get a clear image of it however.
I got closer and saw a person with black and purple hood, brown hair, and a black shirt with some designs on it. I gasped and quickly crouched down so he wouldn't see me through the window.
I know this person! I thought. I have met them a few times, it's...Seto, right? I asked myself. Wait, Seto? He died! There was no way that could be him, Seto died shortly after they kicked him out of TeamCrafted. It looked like suicide, is this really him? I looked through the window again, I saw a lot of books and he was reading one.
I was speechless, it's him alright. But how? He's f*cking dead! I didn't remember much about Seto, however. He always seemed really strict and serious to me...and not many people in TeamCrafted favored him.
This was surprising, I wanted to rush to one of the TeamCrafted members and tell them he's alive! I got up and started running, however only in a few seconds I got stopped in my tracks. I couldn't move.
I heard the door to the house creek open, I turned around and saw Seto, well, he was disguised. He had his hood over his face and he had a blue blanket around him to disguise his normal clothing.
"Who are you?" He asked me. I blinked, "u-um Brice..." I stammered. "And why are you here?" He asked. "I-I know it's you Seto!" I yelled. I didn't get a response from him. He walked over to me and undid the spell. I could move now but Seto grabbed me and put his hand over my mouth.
I couldn't break free, and next thing I knew he was dragging me in his house.
When inside Seto locked the door. He let go of me and took of his blanket and lifted his hood up. "S-Seto?" I said worriedly. What was he going to do to me? Seto sighed, "hello Brice." He said disappointingly.
"How are you not dead!?" I yelled. Seto sighed, "I faked it. I wanted to be left alone. I'm sorry Brice but now that you know I exist you can't leave." Seto told me. My eyes widened in fear. "I c-can't leave!? But I don't want to stay here!" I roared at him. Seto sighed.
"I'm sorry...I can't trust you to leave..." Seto muttered. I got up and ran towards the door. I tried opening it but Seto yanked me back, "you can't leave, I'm sorry." Seto said. I looked back at the Burnett with anger blazing in my eyes. To my surprise, Seto looked extremely upset. He doesn't want this.
"I'll make it up to you...I'll take good care of you! I promise!" Seto pleaded, "I don't need to be looked after!" I hissed. Seto sighed depressingly, "is there anything I can do to make you feel better?" He asked me.
I sighed, "show me a place to sleep..." I said quietly. Seto took my hand and lead me up stairs. The hallway was long and narrow, there were paintings on the walls. Seto opened a door, when it opened I saw a room with a neatly made bed, a large bookshelf with mountains of books and an enchantment table.
"You can sleep here..." Seto said sounding unsure. "Good, now I wanna be alone." I growled, Seto nodded and closed the door.
"Great! I'm stuck in a strangers house for possibly the rest if my life!" I muttered angrily. The window in the room seemed to small to escape through. At least the room seemed cozy, but it felt odd. This seems like where Seto sleeps. If I stay here, where will he sleep?