
Y/n P.O.V"Y/n! We are moving to Chongqing because of dad's work. So pack up your stuff." Mum said. I stared at her shocked. "We are moving to Chongqing?" I asked. "Yes Y/n we are moving to Chongqing. Please tell the school that we will be leaving tomorrow and we already booked the plane tickets so please tell the school and friends too." Mum said. "Okay mum.." i said and looked down sadly. After i ate what my mum prepared for me for breakfast, i went to school.
When i reached the school, i walked to my classroom. I reached my classroom and sat at my seat not like my usual self happy and smiling. Meiling, my good friend, notice that i was not my normal self, sat next to me. "Y/n are you okay? Are u sick?" She said putting her hand on my forehead. I wanted to tell her that i will be leaving for Chongqing but the teacher entered the classroom and started class. Everybody quickly went back to their seats and class eventually started.
After class ended, it was lunchtime. Students started leaving the classroom heading to the cafeteria. Meiling and i took our bags and books and went to the cafeteria. We took our food from the cafeteria and found a seat so we can eat. After we found a seat and ate our food, Meiling asked me."Y/n during class you wanted to ask me something. So what do you want to ask?" I hesitated for a bit and replied softly. "I....am moving to Chongqing because of my dad's job.." After Meiling heard what i said, she looked at me shocked and then said,"Y/n you are moving to Chongqing?" I nodded and my head and looked at her. "Even though you are in Chongqing, we still must communicate through social medias okay and better not forget me okay?" She said looking at me. I nodded and said," Meiling i will not forget you. You are my dearest friend how can i not forget you." She hugged me suddenly and i hugged her back. After we chatted for a bit, i told her that i needed to go to the Principal's office to tell the principal. She nodded and i hugged her back as it was my last hug before i left tomorrow.
I walked to the Principal's Office. I found it and knocked on the door before i opened it. I walked in and saw the principal looking out of the window means that his chair is facing me. I walked to his table and said,"Principal, i need to tell you something." When he heard my voice, he immediately turned his chair around. "Oh it's you Y/n. Is there something wrong?" He asked. "I am moving to Chongqing tomorrow because of my dad's job." I said looking at his table. After he heard what i said, he immediately looked up and smiled assuringly. "Y/n, it is not your fault that you are leaving the school. Chongqing's education is better so i recommend you to study there. Also your results is good, so i know you can cope at Chongqing." I nodded and smiled back at the Principal. I gave him the letter and headed back home.
When i reached home, i immediately went back to my room and started packing my luggage and carry-on bag. I placed all my clothes into the luggage and placed the stuff that i need into my carry-on bag. After i packed all my stuff, i placed them near my door so i will not forget anything if i am in a hurry. I used my phone for a while before i wash up and brush my teeth to get ready for bed. After i used my phone, i went to wash up and brushed my teeth before i fell into a deep sleep.
~The next day~"Y/n! Wake up we need to go to the airport now! Hurry up and wake up this instant! Remember we are leaving today." My mum shouted in my ears that made me wake up. I rubbed my eyes and headed to the bathroom. I brushed my teeth and washed up and changed from my pjs to my outfit. I wore a oversized black sweater with words on it and a pair of black ripped jeans. I wore my pair of converse. I tied my hair into a bun and checked my carry-on bag before i exited the door with my luggage. I carried my luggage downstairs and saw mum and dad in the taxi. I walked faster pulling my luggage and slinging my carry-on bag on one shoulder. Then, we made our way to the airport.
When we reached the airport, we went to starbucks for breakfast as we have 2 more hours to spare. After eating our breakfast at starbucks, we brought our drinks along and went for some snack shopping before entering the plane. To my astonishment, my dad's company booked for us the first class seats. We found our seats and sat before the plane flew. When the plane flew, i took out my headphones and plugged it into my phone and pressed shuffle on my music playlist. I wanted to sleep as the fligjt will be long as what my mum told me.