
Chapter 3 Old friends
Leena's POV
Beep! Beep! Be-.
I heard Jean turn off the alarm clock and I slowly opened my eyes. I yawned and stretched under the covers. "Get up, sleepy butt!" Jean whispered to me. I groaned and sat up. "Why exactly?" I asked. I saw Jean roll her eyes. "Because you have to go to school! Now, GET. UP." She shook my shoulders and I shrugged them off, getting up.
"Atta girl! Now, pick anything from my closet, just not the shirts, I'll get one from Zach."
I stood up and went over to Jean's closet. I opened it and looked for something to wear.
I found some gray Under Armour sweat pants and I couldn't find any shoes of Jean's that fit me. I put the sweat pants on and went into the hallway to see Jean coming out of Zach's room with a white V-neck T-shirt. "Is he ok with me wearing his shirt?" I asked timidly. "Pffft! He is FINE with it!" Jean said, waving her hand un-worriedly. I shrugged. If you say so...
At that Jean ran down the stairs, Zach right behind her, a duffel bag on his right shoulder. I went into Jean's room and changed into the white T-shirt and went down the stairs. "Leena, where's your shoes?" Zach chuckled. I facepalmed. At that, Zach full on laughed until Brianna looked him sternly and he automatically stopped.
"Can I use a pair of your shoes, Z-zach?" I asked nervously, scratching the back of my neck. "Yeah! That's totally fine! You can use the black Nikes at the back of my closet." He told me and I smiled.
I walked back up the stairs to his room at the end of the hall and opened the door.
The room had a beige color to it with a queen sized bed in thw middle of the room and a nightstand on one side of it. I saw another door across the room and, assuming it was his closet, opened it. But no. It was is bathroom. I closed it automatically and went to the other door. I opened it to find tons of jackets, pants, especially jeans, shirts, long sleeve shirts, and four pairs of shoes on the floor.
None of the shoes were black Nikes so I looked to the back of the closet and saw them. I bent over to pick them up.
"Hey! You can use one of my jackets too-" I heard Zach cut off. His gaze bore into my backside so I turned around to him staring at me. I blushed slightly and grabbed Zach's checkered hoodie and ran out of the room. I ran down the stairs and tripped halfway.
Before I could fall I felt warm hands around my waist, carrying me like that the rest of the way down.
"I got ya, don't worry." I heard Zach's voice as he set me down at the edge of the stairs. "Now Zach, what did you do to the poor girl, she's paralyzed!" Brianna scolded him. I shook my head vigorously to clear it. I looked up to see Brianna's arms folded across her chest, staring sternly at Zach while Jean was trying so hard to hold back a burst of laughter.
I realised that Zach still had his hands around my waist just as he took them off. I blushed a crimson red as I realised why Brianna was looking at him so sternly and why Jean was trying not to laugh. I looked over at Zach to see him blushing as badly as me. I had to tilt my head up ever so slightly to see his whole face, he was at least 5'11, or 6 foot.
He smiled awkwardly at his mother, scratching the back of his neck. "Explain." Brianna told Zach and me so I opened my mouth to speak. "Bup-bup-bup! I want Zach to tell me." She told me and I took a step back, nudging Zach foward by his right shoulder. Zach thrust his hand through his hair and told his mom what happened.
"Leena was about to fall down the stairs and I caught her before she did fall."