
"That doesn't explain why you were still holding her by her waist AFTER you set her down!" She whispered sternly to her son as she waved me and Jean off to get pop tarts from the pantry. I looked over at Jean to see her silently laughing her head off as she got herself some pop tarts. I got myself some and sat down at the table.
I took a bite out of one of my s'mores pop tart. I sighed. I stopped eating, putting Zach's shoes on and slipping on his checkered hoodie, then went back to eating. I felt a tap on my shoulder and looked to see Zach looming over me, his eyes filled with worry and concern.
"I-i'm sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable, I really am." Zach's hazel gaze locked with mine and I stood up, wobbling a little bit by wearing shoes under my feet for the first time in 8 years. You know what? Screw it! I don't care if he doesn't like me back!
I faced him and hugged him. I could tell he thought I was gonna slap him in the chest because he tensed up. But after a second he relaxed, patting me on the back.
I let go as Jean cleared her throat behind us and I blushed, scratching the back of my neck.
"We gotta get to school." Jean murmured. I looked over at Zach to see him standing blankly in front of me. I put my head in my hands and groaned. "Slap him." Jean whispered. I jerked my head up. I looked at her like she had three heads. Jean nodded. I thrust my hand through my long chesnut hair and stood in front of him. Before I knew it, I had slapped him and he was sitting on the floor, holding his cheek. I covered my mouth with my hands, my eyes wide. "I am so sorry Zach!" I screamed, holding out my hand so I could help him up. He didn't accept my hand so I got down on my knees in front of him. "Zach?!" I waved my hand in front of his face.
"Wow." Was all he said.
I sighed with relief. "Wow what?" I asked.
"When girls slap me, it isn't that hard. Usually I only feel a tiny spark from it but- That actually hurt." Zach said in awe.
I slapped him in the chest. "You scared me half to DEATH Zach! Jesus!" I said, standing up. "It's true. Girls get jealous of other girls so when Zach sees that he breaks up with them. And when he does, they slap him and walk away." Jean said from behind me as Zach stood up in front of me, my hand print forming on his left cheek. "Aww man, I'm sorry Zach, I really am." I said guiltily.
He ruffled my hair and smiled. "It's fine. Now I know not to mess with you." He chuckled. I smiled and Jean nudged me from behind.
I turned around and walked out the door.
*********Time skip after registration and stuff*********
"Have a good year at Dodgewood High!" The all-too-perky reception lady yelled after me as I walked off with Zach and Jean into the hallway.
I looked at my schedule to find my locker number.
"My number is 232." I told them.
"Man! You aren't close to me! Mine is 259 and Zach's is 282." Jean said, dissapointment in her voice. I smiled with amusement, looking back at the paper in my hands.
First Class: Mr. Who, Science.(Hehe.. Comment if you get that XD)
Kids started filing into the hallway.
"Which one of you guys has Mr. Who?" I asked them. Jean facepalmed and groaned with annoyance. "What?" I asked seriously. "The most popular guy in school, the #1 player, is in that class." Jean growled. I looked over at Zach to see his eyes filled with hatred and his arms crossed over his chest. "Zach?" I said his name but he ignored me. "Let's just go to your locker then part, alright? I don't want to talk about- him." Jean nodded and grabbed my arm to take me to my locker.