
Chapter 1 Opposites collide
Leena's POV
I sat in my big box I lived in on the streets of Minnosota. My ripped shirt and capris didn't help me stay warm at all, obviously. But I really didn't care, I was used to it over the 8 years of staying outside every season of every year. I sat in the back alleyway of Martial Avenue, behind a grocery store. The owners of the store were nice and gave me food every once and a while, but, I knew they couldn't take me in for two reasons: one, I didn't want to be took in, and two, they had kids more important than me to care for.
A stray dog went up to me and nuzzled my dirty leg. I pet it gently, afraid it might bite me. It happened to me before, earlier in the year.
After a while the sun started setting over the maple trees, making the sky turn a faint pink as it did so. I sighed, taking in the sight breathtakingly. It was rare I saw this beautiful sight, I was always asleep before sunset. I yawned and started laying down. After a short while, I fell into a light sleep.
Zach's POV
"Zach, sweetie, can you go to the store? I forgot an important ingredient for supper." My mom's voice called out to me as I sat in my room, doing a 3 paragraph essay. I wrote the last word and smiled to myself. Even though I was on the football team, I was smart. Usually you would think the captain of the Minnosota Mackerels football team would be all brauns and no brains, but, that only happens in movies, which is good.
"ZACH!" My sister Jean's screeching voice snapped me from my thoughts. "Let's go! We're burning daylight!" She shook me. "I'm coming sis, just let me get my shoes on." I said, rolling my eyes. Jean glared at me before walking out of my room. I went over to my black and white Nike shoes and put them on. My sister could be such a pain in the butt sometimes! I went down the stairs, two at a time. I wanted to get to the store and back as fast as I could.
I walked back to my car from getting the oregano for my mom at the store, Jean following from me from behind. I glanced over the alleyway beside the store and I stopped in my tracks. Was I seeing things or did I just see a moving body? My sister bumped into me and she grunted with annoyance. I looked back at the alleyway, and, sure enough, there was a person laying in the darkness. I turned and walked swiftly to it. "What are you freaking doing Zach?!" Jean yelled after me but all I was focused on was the skinny body lying in the alleyway.
I stood over a girl's body, she looked about my age. "Are you ok?" I asked lamely. Of course she wasn't ok! She was laying in a dirty, filthy alleyway! Asleep! And she looked dirty as HECK! The girl opened her eyes slowly, and when she saw me, she became wide awake. The only thing I saw at that moment was her eyes. Her beautiful, icy blue eyes. I'm sure my mouth was gaped open. "W-who are y-you?" The girl stuttered. "Oh my..." I heard Jean behind me trail off as she saw what I was looking at. "We need to get you to our house!" Jean screamed, tugging on my arm to get me back in the present moment.
"We're taking her home, right?" Jean asked me. I looked over to the girl and she shook her head. I looked over at Jean and she nodded her head vigorously. I sighed and nodded, closing my eyes briefly. I went over to the girl and picked her up, and it surprised me that she didn't struggle. Now that I saw her closely now, I saw her chestnut hair color. With a good wash, it would be vibrant and smooth. I put her in the back seat and Jean sat back there with her.
"What's your name, hun?" Jean asked. The girl hesitated for a moment before answering. "L-leena, my name is Leena."
I ran in and gave my mom the oregano before Jean lead Leena into the house. Before my mom could say anything, I said something. "We found her in the alleyway, I can explain." But the only thing I saw in my mom's eyes was sympathy. "Oh, you poor thing!" She said before running over to Leena and hugging her tight. She let go of Leena. "What's her name?" She asked, turning to me. "Leena." Was all I said before my mom dragged Leena to the bathroom upstairs. I sighed and sat at the dining room table. "You like her, I can tell." Jean smiled happily at me. She knew I never had a girlfriend that I really did love.