
My life in london is simple, and frankly i make the most of it. Its the simple things i enjoy the most, chloe humming in the kitchen, the feeling of my fingers on the keys of my piano, and the soft padding of heffalump's claws on the wooden floor.
I wake up and look at the alarm, it reads 6.00am so i get up and walk straight to my piano, still in my owl onesie and play an original piece i wrote a few weeks ago, my piano is my true home, not london, not our beautiful wooden house with its sea foam walls, but my piano is where i feel safest.Chloe leans against the door frame, her auburn hair messed in the same way as it always is. When i finally notice her, i end on a D minor chord and turn to her,"morning" she says, i raise an eyebrow at her,"and since when do you come and greet me let alone listen to my, i quote, never ending piano playing in the morning?" She sticks her tongue at me," we got a letter. She hold up an slightly yellow envelope in a familiar loopy handwriting. I get up and hug her, then snatch the letter out of her hand and run down the stairs, to the kitchen.I sit at the bench and open it, chloes hands resting on my shoulder,
Dear jaz and chloe,So as you have probably guessed, im coming home, and guess what, a whole month! Yep we can spend a whole month together and we can go to big ben and the london eye and go to the opera and, nevermind, getting carried away.... I will arrive at the airport on the third of may at around 5.30pm. Dont worry about picking me up, ive organised a ride, see you then!Dad
The third of may was tommorow, "remind me why dad cant text us?" I ask chloe sarcastically. She lookes at me with a smile on her face, "because theres a special thrill you get when opening a letter". I had always felt like there was a deeper reason. There was so much mystery surrounding dad, he cant tell us what he does for work, and yet we live in a giant house with plenty of money to spare and we only see him around six weeks a year.
We dont hear from him for months on end and he takes only a tiny suitcase when he does leave. Ive never been able to suss him out, he says its for my own good, but what could be so secret or important that you can leave your daughters to fend for themselves for months on end? And apart from three or four letters a year from exotic places we dont even know of, have no contact?Breath jasminI calm myself down. There must be a good reason for him to do this.After some bacon pancakes i go back up to my room to get dressed. I find heffalump wandering round my room in circles.
Heffalump is another unexplained phenomena. Three years ago on my birthday we got a crate specially delivered with one of dads letters. We open the crate and whay do we find? A wombat.Thats right, my birthday present was a wombat. In dads letter he explained something about him being half blind and getting special permission to keep him. So there you go, as far as i know we are one of the few who own our very own wombat, let alone outside of Australia.
I sit down at my laptop and start typing in codes. I have three hobbies, piano, martial arts and hacking. Funnily enough my dad introduced me to all of these. I am a black belt in kung fu and ikido and i study three other martial arts. I am an expert piano player and an excellent hacker if i may say so myself.
After a few minutes i managed to hack into the faculty files on my school website. Golden oak academy, and as you probably guessed it is named after a giant golden oak tree that stands infront of the school, its a beautiful tree, but its kinda sad to name a top notch academy after it.
When i hack into the files i look through this weeks behaviour reports;Some boys had graffitied in the bathroom, a girl called one of the teachers a faggot, ah ha! i found the file i was looking for. Tracy Calinsen and Tony Jimmins had been caught doing the do in the storage closet, and according to the report they had been fully naked. I laugh to myself and print out the report.