
Chapter 2
Leena's POV
I walked down the stairs to the Peeks' dining room. When I reached the bottom stair, Zach immediately stared at me. Those breathtaking hazel eyes of his caught my gaze as he did so. I had on one of Zach's shirts and a pair of Jean's shorts. I had chesnut brown hair and I was fairly skinny due to not eating properly. So far, Zach was the cutest boy I had ever seen. I had a best friend named James when I was eight but, I dissapeared so I guess he moved on.
"Come and sit down, Leena sweetie."
Mrs. Peek's voice snapped me away from Zach's breathtaking gaze. I nodded and walked to the left side of the wooden, oval shaped table. Zach's shirt was long on me, so I had to push it up to my waist as I sat down. I could feel Zach's gaze bore into me as Mrs. Peek set my dinner down in front of me. "Thanks, Mrs. Peek!" I smiled. "Call me Brianna." She smiled back and went to get Jean's and Zach's plate of mashed potatoes, chicken, and tater tots (A/N weird combination, I know, don't judge me ).
**************Le time skip to end of supper since nothing happens between that time**************
As I set my empty plate in the sink I heard the front door open. I turned around to see a man, I assume in his 40s, walk in, a suitcase in his right hand. "You're home!" I heard Jean scream as she ran up to the man. Jean hugged him tight and he hugged her back. "I missed you too sweetie." The man had a baritone kind of voice. "Yes! Dad, you're home!" I looked over to the stairs again to see Zach coming down the steps, two at a time, and run over to his and Jean's dad. I smiled at the family gathering in the middle of the house. Zach's dad looked up and looked at me, catching my gaze. He had the same colored eyes as Zach, and Jean had her mother's eyes; vibrant green.
"I see there is another young woman in the house." He said cautiously, not looking away from me. Zach pulls away from the family hug, a worried expression on his face. "Yeah, we found her behind the grocery store and Jean suggested we  bring her here." Zach said awkwardly, scratching the back of his neck. His dad looked me up and down, and I froze in my place. "Now Ben, don't scare the poor girl, her life has been tough." Brianna came in from the restroom, staring at her husband sternly. Jean let go of Ben and stood beside her brother, chin high. Ben set down his suitcase on the couch and looked at me and then to his children and back again.
"What is your name, miss?" Ben asked me. "L-leena. My name is Leena." I stuttered and shuffled my feet nervously. "Well, Leena, welcome to the Peek family." Ben softened and smiled. I smiled back and everyone went over to me and hugged me. "I... can't... breathe...." I whispered. Everyone backed up to let me breathe at that. "Jean, is Leena going to sleep in your room on the spare mattress?" Brianna asked. Jean nodded and took me by the hand, half pulling me, half dragging me up the stairs. She led me to a white door with gray streaks on it and opened it.
There was a gray and white wallpaper with pictures on the wall here and there, and there was a bed in the middle with black covers and pillows. "Nice room, Jean." I said, sitting down on the edge of her bed slowly. "Thanks, Leena. People at school call me goth or emo because I like dark colors like gray and black. But I'm not." Jean said, smiling. "I wouldn't think you would be." I told her and she nodded in aknowledgement, going into her closet.
"You like Zach, don't you?" Jean asked me, her voice muffled.
"Whaaaat?! No I do not!" I said, careful to keep the nervousness out of my voice.
"You do, I'm not dumb ya know!" Jean yelled.
"I-i wasn't implying-" I started but Jean cut me off. She chuckled as she came out of her closet, clothes in her hand. "I'm kidding, Leena! Lighten up!" Jean said, patting my back. I sighed. As Jean set clothes beside me, someone knocked on the door. "What?" Jean yelled, pointing to the clothes she set down and then pointing to me. "But Jean-" I started but Jean sent me a 'use them or I'll break your foot' kinda look. I put my hands up in defeat as she went over to the door. I stood up and grabbed the clothes as Jean opened the door to Ben and Zach holding a medium big matress between the both of them.