
When Ryan thought about being in a traumatic experience he always thought it would be something you could choose to get over. A lot of people assume that about a lot of things, sexuality, gender, depression. But it's not a conscious choice. He knew that about all of those.
Something is in the mind or maybe in the very building blocks of your being. But whatever it is. Once it's there it's comes and goes as it pleases.
Something about watching your closest friend die while basically on top of you, was without question the most scaring thing he had ever experienced.
The obstruction of reality was too great at this point and the dark shadow that had enveloped the worlds happiness from his perspective had grown to an impenetrable cloud.
School was a constant pain. A month after the crash Ryan resumed school. Everything there reminded him the Michael wasn't there anymore. And the thing that should have made him feel the best about coming back made him feel the worst. The first person who was ever nice to Ryan in school was Michael. Coming into the school as a eighth Michael recognized Ryan from being in class together from 1st-4th grade.
[Ryan pov]
It was always nice to have someone to look out for you. He first introduced me to all his friends at his table and they were cool. Now as a sophomore, it was a crazy responsibility to uphold a social status and grieve. So I just gave it up to the wind.
Nothing seemed important. My friends still talked to me for the first few days. But then they reseeded amongst themselves. I wasn't as energetic and witty as usual and I knew that. It wasn't like I could help it.
School was just too much of a reminder. I went to my looker as usual but I loitered in the halls till I was the last one to come in just as the bell rang. I wanted to be in class as little as possible.
Lunch was probably the toughest part of the day. For the first couple days everyone thought Michael was sick. Then people thought he had moved.
It's was a constant progression of rumors. I'm not really into rumors. They screw everything up really. It's not much fun, it doesn't help anyone, but yet some people enjoy it.
Michael was one of the most popular kids in school, and without him there social classes were disfigured for a bit until new people took over and gave the ones who had no leader someone to look to. I don't say up but I don't consider them higher than anyone else.
I don't have a best-friend anymore. The closest thing I had was Stacie but she had her own best-friend, Brittany. They were always close but had became closer after Stacie started getting out more.
I haven't went out for as long I can remember. Fun really hasn't been the same after the crash. It's just been me in my room watching GLEE, or reading books.
I went to Spanish class after lunch. It was my favorite. I don't know way, I guess cause I liked the idea of finding out other language mechanics besides English.
At the beginning of class, Mrs. Hernandez introduced a new student. I watched as he walked to the front of the class grinning, he didn't seem nervous or anything. Just happy to be here really. School? Really?
"Class, this is Nick, he just moved to this area from the other side of the city," the teacher said with much more enthusiasm than she taught Spanish with.
Nick chuckled and waved. He was wearing a red and black flannel and black skinny jeans. His hair was something to be marveled upon. It was very dark but healthy and shiny, it swooped up into something that looked like it defied gravity. His skin was tan and smooth. He appeared to be 6ft tall or close to it. Which made me feel short at 5'7".