
She grabbed me by my shirt and slammed me on to the locker and it hurt like crazy and if I might add and then she did the unexpected she..........

1 week before
I walked into the house I was drunk so I was stumbling around the kitchen trying to get water but at the same time trying to keep quiet before my mom heard me. I successfully got the water and tip toed to my room but it was worthless because the floor board squeeks but I continued to tip toe. Just my freaking lucky mom's woke great hear comes the speech of the night. I walked into her room she cocked a brow toward me and motioned for me to come over to her she told me to sit on the bed next to her.
Then she calmly said "Zeke Darren Alexander".
"Yes mother", I said as clear as I could. But I guess I wasn't as clear as I thought cause she started yelling.
"I was going to be as nice as I could not yell but you make me, now why the hell are you coming in at 1:25 in the morning on a school night have you absolutely lost your mind" she stared at me I'm assuming she was waiting on an answer but I didn't have in that wouldn't get me in trouble so I decided to just keep quiet, "Hello do you not hear me talking to you!"
Then I thought yeah I hear you the whole neighborhood heard you people in Africa probably heard you. But I said nothing then she just said go to bed and I did. I reaked of alcohol but I wasn't in the mood to change so I kept the clothes on and passed out on my bed.
"Zeke!" yelled my insincere mother.
I groaned and put the pillow over my head then I rolled out of bed so I could treat this headache that mom just triggered thanks alot. Afterwards I went downstairs fully dressed still waiting on the meds to kick in. Mom was still pissed about last night and that's her problem she needs to get over it, its not like this is the first time I came home drunk anyways. I sat down and grabbed a toaster strudel that was prepared by mom and catiously said "good morning mom."
"Zeke how many times have I told you not to drink and stay out pass 11 on a school night" she said dangerously calm.
"Mom I'm sorry it was the going back to school party".
"Yeah sure whatever Z, get heading to school" she said.
"Okay bye" and on that note I walked out.
I got into my car and drove the with White Iversion blasting through the speakers. Good thing I live within 5 minutes from the school or I would be late my first day back from winter break and I'm a senior so that wouldn't look good on my rep. I went to homeroom and when I entered every girl's eyes were on me I smirked and took a seat.
------------------
After fourth hour was lunch so I went to see the gang well its not really a gang its just me, Tyler ( Ty ), Jackson ( Jack ), and Maliki ( Ki ). When I walked over to them I seen Ty looking at Ki like he was going to kill him. I went next to Jack and asked him what's going on and he said he wasn't sure when he came over they were in the same position. So I stepped forward and said " Uhh....what are you two doing ".
Then Ty said "Ki knew I liked Ashlee and what does he do he asks her out, gets her drunk, and treats her like crap" exclaimed Ty.
"Thats inaccurate first, she was the one who suggested we go to the party and she also suggested body shot which I said no to and she started crying she I'm not the bad guy here and shes not the angel you thought she was" explained Ki.
"Oh man, my fault I just..ju-st thought she was different" said Ty shaking his head, "I still like her though" he said just above a whisper.