
Hey guys! So this is my first story and... I would love it if you could vote and comment. So yeah, enjoy. Is it Yay or nay? Please tell me*goes crazy with excitement* k byee
————
And those pretty paper hearts...
Well what do you know. The sun was shining, those annoying birds next door were chirping; and at around 8:00 a loud thump could be heard all throughout the house as I fell facefirst onto the floor, as usual. What a beautiful wake up call. With a slight wince, I brushed those long bangs out of my face and hoisted myself up, trying to remember what I was supposed to remember. Something was amiss. It just didn't feel right. Then I remembered. School. My stomach did a double flip and jolted upwards, a sick feeling now lingering in my mouth. It was the first day of school. Great. And to make matters worst I was going to a new school, where people would gawk at me as I tried to blend in, as usual. Like come on. Was my face really that ugly?
Anyway It was no use sulking around. I slouched into the bathroom to get ready for the day, and just happened to glance in that mirror mum always hid in the corner. A pale face with chocolate tresses stared back with a frown. In this family, I've always been taught not be vain, but I couldn't help but feel self-conscious. I was not pretty or beautiful unlike my mum and sister who fall just below gorgeous. I am just... average. At least I have clear skin. If I didn't have such pale skin, and such doe-like eyes, I might even pass for cute. Oh well... what to do. I hurriedly threw on my newly-ironed uniform and after a quick gulp of milk and a bite of those cranberry muesli bars, I jolted out the door and quickly braided my hair in  a Dutch flower braid on the way to school. A lot of my bangs fell out and cascaded around my neck but I could use them to shield my face. That way, hopefully no one would notice me.
Soon those large steel gates greeted me with welcoming arms, although they might as well have been holding up a kitchen knife with a psycho grin. I nimbly slipped through and rushed into the hallway, hoping to tangle myself within those confusing webs of hallways and jostling students. But I failed miserably. I didn't get far, before I face-planted on the welcome mat with an unmistakable splat. Instantly the whole hallway froze and I felt everyone's eyes lock onto me. Brilliant.
Now that that situation was at hand, I suddenly felt conscious of my short pleated skirt that barely brushed my knee caps. A few very awkward seconds slipped by... Well done, Julia. You barely made it 10 meters before you make a fool of yourself. New record, yippee. You fail in life. I sensed my cheeks going pink and hurriedly walked away, still feeling those eyes burning into my skull. At the back of my mind, a part of me wanted to cry. I always failed at this, why even bother to look nice? It never ever worked.
Unfortunately, my day only got worse. They had assembly to introduce the new students. Great. Everyone was going to remember me as the newbie who face planted and tripped over her own feet and forgot her speech. I couldn't shake off that feeling of helplessness as my introductory speech went all blank. All of those debating tips I had learnt suddenly vanished and before long, I felt sweat bead my forehead and my breath became ragged. Thankfully though, I was last in line so maybe I could just copy a speech. But just as a hunched grey-haired lady hobbled/ran onto the stage, I glanced to my left and my mind suddenly went blank. Sitting right next to me, second last in the line, was in the most impossible way possible, the most attractive boy I had ever laid my eyes on.
He didn't notice me although I didn't expect he would. He just sat next to me, looking so carefree, knee propped up and his head resting on his hand as though he were asleep. Ginger brown hair with the slightest shade of blonde curtained his face and swept over his closed eyes, the shadows just concealing that slight smile. We were so close to each other out knees were practically touching. He was so  gorgeous and adorable, I mentally noted. I then hurriedly looked away. Shame on you Julia, it's rude to stare and you are here to study. Not to gawk at boys! Right as I scolded me myself for being so pathetic and feminine, I realized that the boy had silently walked onto the stage.  I heard the chorus of gasps that followed. But ALL the people in front had already gone?! I immediately brushed my bangs back and straightened my blazer, inwardly cursing. Then as I was trying to pin my hair down, I heard a lovely voice with a slight accent filter into the mic.