
"Um... Hello. My name is um... Thomas and I am a transfer student." Now that I heard that, my head instinctively bolted upwards and I saw that boy's slim build standing there. He was slightly nervous with his hands plugged into his pockets and for some unknown reason I found myself spellbound, my gaze held there as that boy, most likely british, talked about his age and his love for reading. He also gave a few facts which on a normal standard would have been Einstein-ish and nerdy but this just made him intelligent, good-looking and nice. This seriously ticked all the boxes.
He said something else but I was too busy remembering every detail for myself and probably drowning myself in jealousy for whoever his girlfriend would be.  Every single stutter was just perfect, and that smirking smile that radiated off his ridiculously attractive face was literally a very well-aimed arrow shot from Cupid. Something was wrong with me. But none of it mattered, I reminded myself sternly. But still... gorgeous was an understatement, he was devilishly handsome.  Dang it Julia! Since when did you fall for boys? I wasn't the only one though so I was fairly justified. The crowd was now a mix of drooling girls probably announcing him as bae and boys shooting dirty looks. Now they had competition, although they couldn't even begin to compare with him. You know what? Maybe if I survive this, I talk to him so that at least he knows I exist. Maybe I could even catch his eye*winks*. Then once he rounded of his speech(perfectly)  and strolled away, with his face turned away, you could almost hear the sighs that rippled through the crowds.
I was still drowning when my heart was suddenly plunged into icy water. My speech! I shakily walked onto that dreaded platform and gripped the microphone stand as though it would support and I wouldn't fall over... again. I was responded with hard stares and  I could almost feel my cheeks burning down in flames. Come on, I reprimanded myself, just say your name, age and what you like.
" Uh... hello everyone,"i began clearing my throat and nervously thumbing my fingers," I am Julia and I am turning 15" Dang it! What do I like?! I racked my head trying to come up with something. "I love reading, and um... I really love the color blue."
That's it right?! I quickly ran/tripped/wobbled of stage, knowing that the audience were staring at me and was probably trying not to laugh. Seriously, the color blue? It's the color purple! I might as well get a permanent marker and scribble LOSER on my forehead. I continued to berate myself on how bad I made myself look. Why does this always happen?  All I needed to do now was stay invisible, Keep out of trouble and not fall over anymore. Right? Wrong, I was so busy running/tripping/wobbling that I heard a grunt of pain, pummeled into something, tripped over(again) and landed very hard on someone, pinning them to the ground beneath me; my head banging on their collarbone. Unfortunately for that someone else, he or she slightly took the fall for me. Emphasis on slightly.
Oops. I groggily opened my eyes, my vision all fuzzy and slowly clearing. that's when I realized who I was lying on top of. Thomas! Oh. My. God. Well this is awkward. I shot up, practically yelling my apology before bolting away. But that had not been before his cloudy pained expression cleared and those cinnamon eyes had looked into mine with what? Anger? Shock? Confusion? It was surprise and something else, It wad only for that split second though.  Also technically he had been forced to look at me; seeing as how I had physically pinned him to the ground with my face inches from his. But it was still eye contact!  Wow. Now I was even getting desperate. It was great that I was running/bolting away because he probably wouldn't see me 1)blush furiously 2)scold myself for being such a dumb klutz and 3) laugh and smile I realized I had been actually been lying on top of him. You know, how bodies together and everything.