
-Patrick's Point Of View-"Come on Patrick, let's go to the party" my girlfriend Katie says like she's a little kid begging for candy. I'm not really a party person. I've just been sitting here for the past 5 minutes debating whether or not I should go. "Please" she begs. I turn my head to look at her. "Ok sure, why not" I respond after a while. A smile flashes across her face and we leave my house. "Where is this party at" I ask while we're in the car. "Some dude named Joe's house" she tells me. I don't say anything back and before I know it we're at Joe's. Katie opens the door and grabs my hand, dragging me to the kitchen. When we get there I notice that there's beer everywhere. She grabs two and hands one to me. I watch her open hers and take sip after sip, making me question whether or not I should drink it. "Come on patty cakes, drink it" she pressures me. "Katie, I'm not sure. And you know I hate being called Pat or Patty" I tell her. "It's not like it'll hurt you. Just drink it. It's really good" she returns. To be honest, I really don't want to drink it. I set the beer down and walk out of the kitchen. "Your such a coward Patrick" Katie says as I'm walking out. I look back at her with an angry look on my face and stick up my middle finger, walking away right after. I can hear her gasp in shock but I don't care enough to see the other results. I'm getting really tired of Katie's crap lately. She's been pressuring me to do things that I really don't want to do. We've been dating for 3 months and she asked me just yesterday if I wanted to have sex. Of course I said no, and she gave me her usual insult. I hate it when she does that and I've always stayed silent about it until a few minutes ago. I've actually said no to every risky thing she's pressured me to do. But, it's only because I'm not ready at all and I don't really think that Katie is the right person. I walk through the crowd of people chatting to go out the front door. I walk out and find a porch seat to sit on. I look around to see if I can find anyone I know. Nope. Not a single person. "Is something wrong" I hear a voice ask.