
If you're going through hell, keep on going, don't slow down, if you're scared don't show it, you might get out before the devil even knows you're there.
If you're going through hell, face that fire, walk right through it, you might get out before the devil even knows you're there
~•~
Chapter 1
"Hey why don't you just go, and never come back. No one likes attention whores!"
"Yeah! No one like you! Just go die."
I ignore what they're saying an just keep walking, until one of the guys walks in front of me and stops me.
"Hey, we were talking to you," he says.
"And I wasn't listening," I mumble praying to God he didn't hear me.
"What did you just say?" He asks incredulously.
"N-nothing," I mumble.
"It better have been nothing," he says, taking a step towards me. My feet are planted where they are so I just lean back as he hovers above me.
"You know, if you just quit lying, no one would hate you," he says. I turn around and start to walk away. The last thing that I need right now is to be spoken to about something that the other person doesn't understand anything about.
Unfortunately, he catches up to me again. "Hey I wasn't done." There's are tears in the very back of my eyes but I don't dare to let them fall. "You're coming with me!"
He grabs me by the wrist and the next thing I know, I'm being shoved into a janitors closet and the door is being locked.
"I'm sure there's plenty of bleach in there for you to keep yourself hydrated with," he says and snickers as I hear him walk away.
Great, now what? What am I supposed to do for the next however so long. I could be locked in here forever.
I know a lot of people are saying 'yeah right, someone will come along and help you out eventually' but the thing is, no one is coming and no one will. Everybody here hates me. No one will hear me scream for help and if they do, they'll just look at me, then shut the door again, I guarantee, just watch.
After every class period ends, I hear the hall become noisy, but it dies down and it becomes silent again.
I take glances at the bleach, but I know that's not what I need to do. Everyday, I wish someone to make me feel as if I matter to them, and I'm content that I will stay with that for as long as I can. For now I just sit here and wait for that day to come.
I hear a few female voices coming in my direction, so I pound on the door for them to let me out. God forbid that I say something and they figure out its me and they just keep walking. I can recognize the voices as the popular girls.
They stop in front of the door because I can feel their presence. I pound on the door one more time, hoping they'd open up the door. One of them opens the door, but as soon as they realize it's me, they slam the door in my face and walk away, laughing. I did make a move to try and run past them but they were way too fast.
See what I said though? I called it! I really wish I didn't though.
Ugh! Hopefully I don't have to sleep in the janitors closet again!
Don't ask how I got out last time, I don't want to talk about it.
You'd think that there would be an entrance to a heating duct, but there isn't one in here because the room is so small and cramped.