
I hurt. My whole body hurts. It's not like a bruise or a broken bone. Just a numb tingling pain. Because I know I'm letting myself fail.
My depression has gotten worse. I don't put on my seatbelt until the car reminds me to. I stay up late. Just. So damn late. Sometimes I don't sleep. Because I don't want tomorrow to come. I may not cut but for every cut I wish to make it takes a large toll on my mental state. Every cigarette I don't smoke makes my chest go fuzzy. I eat but I'm tearing myself up.
I'm just so tired. Under my eyes is bruised. My chest feels heavy. My heartbeat is lost somewhere. My ears ring. My head pounds. I just want to get out.
I want to be free. I'm tired of being sad. But I'm sad that I am tired. I just can't shake it. It's part of me. I am the fog in my head. I am the depression. The depression that consists of a basket overflowing with unwashed clothes, rumpled sheets, messed up hair, dirty glasses, unfinished books, balled up papers, blank stares, my acne covered face because I don't have the motivation to wash it, the eyebrows I don't have the heart to draw on, the smile all cracked and worn, my torn up hoodie, nails cut so short I can't scratch myself in an effort to pull away my skin and reveal someone I want to be, the lack of friends, the empty laugh, the lack of patience, anger, just so much anger, the twitch of my left hand, it exists in everything. My depression is everywhere. My anxiety tied in. Everything I have is me.
I'm disgustingly unhealthy.
Right now I'm sitting on the floor of my shower. It's so hot my skin is turning red. It stings my back. I can barely see through the steam. I feel like I am melting.
This thunderstorm outside scares me. But why. It's a noise.
Funny how someone like me is afraid of a noise.
Do you know why I want to die. Because I haven't the ability to move on. It's not accepting that someone is gone. Not accepting that I am not healthy. Not accepting that I am no longer a girl. Not accepting that the calm before the storm is fatal. That I am fatal. I can't accept that I hurt the ones I love because I loved too hard. I can't accept that I have points of me that are irreparably broken and that I cannot rely on others to hold it together like duct tape. I can't accept that others may love me although I have no concept of self love. I can't accept that people actually care. I can't accept that I am not alone. I can't accept that maybe I have been lying to myself in a sorry attempt to cover things up. I can't accept that life goes on. I can't accept that I could be so much happier if I sat down and poured everything out. I can't accept that some things are not my fault. I can't accept that I don't have to do this by my self.
I need to scream. I need to cry. I need to get everything off my chest.
I'm so sorry.
Just. Jordan. If you read this. Please. Say I can talk to you. Just. Send a message that says "You can do it now." and just let me talk.
I need this all off. It's crushing me.
- Ashton Cyrus Turner06/09/2015