
Pencil lead and lined paper. All of those litter my bed. Notes and unsealed envelopes. Not very many. Just four. To a mom, a dad, a young sister, and a friend. This time they aren't notes regarding my impending death. Rather ones of love and admiration. To my mom. Very short. Very to the point. I love the way she pushes me to my breaking point and then some just to see what I will do. To my dad. I love him. He's the best dad I could've ever asked for. He understands what I mean when my words get all mixed up. He takes me on late night drives when I feel terrible. He's there to listen and give his opinion. He brings me silly little gifts based on our many inside jokes that my mom and sister couldn't even begin to understand. But I love them. I love him. I love every moment he's around and in my life. I love the crazy moose statue from our talk about titanic and Noah's ark. God that was bad. But it's our joke, something that can at least get a smile out of us in a bad mood. I just love him. To my young sister. Please dear god stay out of my room. You're always poking around and finding things you shouldn't. And mind your tongue. Those looks mom cuts you aren't because she's laughing. You may be seven but your voice is absolutely beautiful. Keep singing. Please. I love it. I hope you never cut your hair. I love braiding daisies into it in the spring. And please don't hate me when I leave for college. I know I said I'd never leave you but I kind of have to. To my friend. You're probably asleep right now. You're funny like that. You could sleep your life away if I let you. This is another letter I'll probably never send and just tell you about. One day you'll just get a big box of envelopes. But back to the point. I love you. I can trust you. You are actually there. Thank god you're actually there. I need someone I can ask for five minutes of yell time and just spit everything out. You seem to handle it well the few times I've done it. And lord. You call bullshit a lot. It's almost annoying. You don't call me crazy when I explain my religion and ask you to choose colors and such. I don't think you've ever once come to me and said "Ashton, look, you're crazy" and meant it as a bad thing. But. I do say I hate you quite often lately. That's bad on my part. I'm glad you know I don't mean it. Thank you for staying. Really. It means so much more than you think. I love you.
Just some letters. It makes me feel better to write.
-Ashton Cyrus Turner06/04/2015