
Hey, remember when you called me finch? I always told you I hated that nickname but god I loved it. I loved it almost as much as I loved you. You've been gone for a good while now. Almost three years. Maybe I was too young to know what love truly is. But I miss you.
Those dreams I keep having. Where I find you dead. Just like when I really did. When I wake up my throat burns. Like it did when I kept screaming for you to wake up.
I get that lump in my throat when I see our promise ring. Yours is with your ashes. Mine. In a box.
I want to cry when I hear Blackbird by The Beatles.
I was your little finch. You were my angel.
I regret getting rid of those memories. All those pictures on my slide phone. It's not like you had a Facebook or anything I could find you on. Screw your stupid conservative family.
I regret losing you. You were my sunshine. We were supposed to get married. We were supposed to live in a nice two story with a pool in the back. And a big room for a kid. Maybe two. (I don't even want to think of having kids with another person now.)And a dog. A Great Dane to be exact. You wanted a speckled one just like Willow. We were supposed to have a giant bed. We'd sleep in it and I'd wake up before you like I always used to when I stayed over. I'd plant small kisses on your face. First your nose, then your forehead, left eye then right, left cheek then right, and finally I'd place a gentle one on your lips and you'd wake up smiling. Your smile made my day. God I loved it. It was perfect. You'd get embarrassed when we kissed in public and that smile would come out. Sometimes in the middle of a kiss. It made me feel warm and fuzzy. You were my drug. You made me feel loved.
My favorite part was when you'd call me the moon to your sun.
Or when you'd tell me about your day. Our late night calls were my favorite. I was quiet so my mom wouldn't know. I'd always say something to make you laugh. Oh your laugh. It was like little bells. And it was contagious. God you could always make me laugh.
I love you. You were my first real love. I gave you my heart and in return I got yours. We were made to be in each other's arms.
I will never forget you.
Love, Finch06/07/2015