
Today is... different. I feel awake. Usually everything is cloudy and muddled but hey, I guess that's what being dissociative does to you. Honestly, I haven't felt "awake" in a long time. This whole year just seems to have been some bad dream. I haven't really been able to think on my own until now. But who knows, maybe it's just the mixture of medications I'm on. Right now I don't care. I feel indescribably new. Like perhaps the life I was living wasn't even mine. I don't really know what to do. I'm used to just hating the world without a reason. But idk. Maybe I found a way out or maybe this is a one time things. I guess I'll find out later.
I've dropped some friends. Well... A lot of friends. Nine to be exact. I figured they didn't need me and I didn't need them. Right now I pretty much only talk to Jordan, Bill (yeah Canada dude), and Jay (the new guy, he's kinda cute but he lives in Ohio and we don't even talk that much).Jordan. Well. He's a keeper to put it simply. God I hope he stays in my life. I treat him poorly honestly. He deserves someone nicer than me. I don't really know why I started to say I hate him. Well. I mean. The Ryan thing yeah but that's not enough to call for me to hate him. Ryan was going to leave anyways, our friendship was going downhill even though he was the one who suggested friend marriage and all. But anyways. Back on track. Jordan is definitely someone I need in my life. Hopefully he actually stays. Bill. He's... Eh... A good friend. His conversations are always a trip. He's such a sweetheart and he's absolutely adorable when he rambles on about his boyfriend. I hope they last forever.Jay. I mean I don't know much about him. Just that he's fifteen, in ninth grade, in Ohio, and has some A + muscles. Whew boy. He looks nice.
Anyways. Moving on. I guess it's up to me to document "The Awake". I don't really know how I got here, to "The Awake", just a lot of crying, some intense workouts, and a bit of self divination. But all that matters is that I'm here. I can feel my heartbeat. I can think clearly. And I know I am alive. God I hope I stay this way. My  life (if you can even call it that) has been a mess recently. Restarts don't exist but I can always start another chapter. I dunno. Maybe it's time I did something different, something good, for once. Living just kind of makes me feel like Bambi walking on ice for the first time but I'll eventually get the hang of it.
I guess that's all.
I am Ashton. I am ALIVE. And I will stay that way.
- Ashton Cyrus Turner       06/01/2015