
ROSS' POV
So, we just got to the beach and so far...it pretty much..sucks. I only wanted to come here so that I could spend more time with Ariana and Riley but being me, I invited everyone else. Now...I have to pay the consequences of my actions. And that is....listening to Aunt Joan talk about her past experiences....oh the torture!!
Joan - I remember the first time we all came here as a family. You were so tiny and cute, you're still cute but you're not tiny anymore. You, Rydel and your brothers....you guys were so close...but then, everything changed when you all entered your teen years--
Bla...bla...bla woman!!, shut up!!
Joan - You all started dating and you just grew apart from each other
Ross - What're you talking about?
Joan - I'm just saying....
Ross - You're just saying what?...
Joan - I'm just gonna put it out there. I dont like Ariana
Ross - What?, why not?
Joan - I just....I don't trust her
Ross - You dont  even know her
Joan - But I know you...and Ross...she isn't good for you
Ross - Who the hell do you think you are to tell me who I can and can't date?!
Joan - I am your aunt and I know what's best for you
Ross - Oh you do?, OK then, so....when I was just 11 years old, and we were all in Wisconsin, mom got sick-
Joan - Ross I apologized for that a long time ago
Ross - Shut up and let me speak!!. When my mother was sick, you used it at your advantage and you tried to kill her!. Did you think that was what's best for me?, huh?, to grow up motherless?
Joan - Ros--
Ross - You dont  know anything about me, you dont know anything about my girlfriend and you definitely do not know anything about my daughter. I swear to god Joan, if you so far as even lay a finger on them. I will slice your fucking head off, burn your body and hang your head in the middle of my bedroom as a trophy. Stop trying to ruin everyone's life for once. Ariana loves me and I know that. You're just jealous because Mike didn't love you
Joan - Dont you dare talk about him!
Ross - You're disgusting, did you really expect him to stay with you after you've been cheating on him with his own brother for five fucking years of your marriage. You make me sick. I have a family of my own. I have three beautiful daughters and an amazing girlfriend who would do anything to keep us all together, I won't allow you to ruin that.
I walked away from her, got in my car and drove back to the house.
-------------------------------------------------------------------
When I got back, I walked up to the room that Ari, Riley and I were staying in and when I walked in I saw Ariana sitting at the window. She looked like she was deep in thought and she also looked sad. She looked up and when she saw me she walked over to me and hugged me, so I hugged her back
Ariana - I missed you
Ross - I was only gone for like, 2 hours
Ariana - Exactly
Ross - Are you OK?
Ariana - ...Yeah...of course I am..why wouldn't I be