
ARIANA'S POV
Ever since we got here Ross has been avoiding me, but I was so happy to see the rest of the family that I forgot about him. After we got acquainted everyone separated and went their own way. After I took Riley upstairs and layed her down into her crib that Ross asked his aunt to buy, I walked back downstairs and went outside, I sat down in one of the lounge chairs and then I took out my phone, when I checked my messages I saw one new message from Sean.
Sean : Hey baby girl, did you get to Oklahoma safe?
Ariana : Yeah, are you still in Detroit?
Sean is just the best. He's always there when I need him and he totally understands me, I'd probably date Sean, but Ross is my boyfriend and Naia Rivera is Sean's fiancé. She's a really nice person but I just dont like her, I've met her before and she'd be the perfect wife for Sean but I jus can't find it in myself to like her, I heard my phone beep indicating that I have a new notification and when I looked at it I saw another message from Sean
Sean : Yeah, I'm still in Detroit, I just love it here. Maybe next time you can come with me?
Ariana : Maybe
Sean : Is Riley ok?
Ariana : Yeah, she's sleeping right now
Sean : Good to hear. I've gotta go. Bye, love ya
Ariana : Bye, love you too
And as soon as I texted him back, my phone was ripped away from my hands. I looked up to see a lady who looks kinda like Mark, I'm guessing this is Joan the aunt
Joan - You must be Ariana?
Ariana - Yeah
She looked at my phone screen, reading my messages. This lady has a lot of nerves, how dare she take my phone and read my messages
Joan - Oh look at that. She's already cheating on Ross
And then she dropped my phone in my lap
Joan - I dont  like you
Ariana - Excuse me?
Joan - Your a whore
Ariana - Who the hell do you think you are
Joan - I'm Ross' aunt, I bet that baby isn't even his, I bet you got pregnant for someone else and then you tricked my nephew into believing that the kid belongs to him
OK this bitch is getting on my last nerve, I stood up from the chair facing her now
Ariana - What the fuck is your problem?
Joan - You're my problem, my nephew can do better than this
Ariana - I didn't ask to be your nephew's girlfriend in the first place