
This chapter is dedicated to RickyCarson1, ameliakitty1864  and Abbyheart1 for always being there to comfort me
ANA'S POV
So right now Ross, Riley and I are in a hospital room. The doctor took blood samples from them and now Riley's crying, probably because having a needle injected into her arm hurt. She's crying and I'm trying to make her stop, while Ross is on his phone doing only god knows what
Ariana - Oh my god, what do you want from me?
Riley - Aaaaaaaah!!
I walked over to the baby bag and took her teddy bear out of one of the pockets, then I sat down on the bed and started to play with her, she stopped crying and she actually smiled and started to laugh as I made funny faces at her.
ROSS' POV
Ariana is really great with Riley but right now the only thing running through my mind is the possibility that my older brother got my girlfriend pregnant. If when that doctor comes back and I find out that I'm not actually Riley's father, I dont know what'll happen but I'll make sure that Riker pays for this. Riley has Ariana's hair and she has my eyes, she kinda looks like me but I still need to know for sure that I'm her dad.We heard the door open and when we looked up we saw the doctor walking back into the room with a folder in his hands
Ross - Well?
Doctor - Well, the results were positive, your a father
Ross - Are you sure?
Doctor - Yes, I'm absolutely sure
I turned around to look at Ariana,  I expected her to be happy but instead, she looked upset. She lifted Riley off the bed and grabbed the baby bag. She walked out of the room leaving me very confused.After I signed some papers the doctor told me that I could go. When I got in the parking lot and went inside the car I saw Ariana and Riley in the backseat, Ariana was rocking Riley in her arms and tears were falling from her eyes.
Ross - Aria--
Ariana - Dont. Just, take me home
---------------------------------------
The car ride here was silent and all you could hear in the car was Riley speaking gibberish. When I parked the car in my aunts driveway Ariana got out with Riley, the baby bag on her shoulder and she walked inside. I followed her and when I got in the living room I saw aunt Joan talking to her
Joan - So, she isn't his kid, is she?
She asked Ariana while smiling
Ariana - Yes she is, she is Ross' baby, but you know what?. I'm gonna do you a favor, you obviously dont like me and you obviously dont want me to be dating your nephew so I'm going to make your life easier
Joan - And just how will you do that?
Ariana - I'm leaving
And then she walked upstairs
----------------------------------------
Ross - Ariana just stop
Ariana - No, I'm leaving