
Joan - So you admit it that you're just using him?
Ariana - What?-no!, woman, I don't even know you!
Joan - Ah, but i know you.  Ariana Grande Butera, American singer, actor and dancer. Siblings, Frankie and Alexa Grande, Parents, Joan Grande, your father died when you were 8, I may not know your height but I know you're vegan and that your favorite color is pink. I also know th--
Ariana - Stalker much?
Joan - Not a stalker, just a detective
Ariana - Look lady, I dont know what I ever did to you but I would really appreciate it if you would stay the hell away from me. You don't like me and I officially hate you, so goodbye
And without waiting to hear her response I walked back into the house, I feel like I want to cry, I bet that's what she wanted. I don't even know this bitch and she dares to call me a whore?!!. She's worse than I thought. I walked back upstairs to the room that Ross, Riley and I are staying in and when I got in there, I closed the door. When I turned around and looked in the crib I saw Riley sleeping and cuddling with her doll. Isn't that just damn cute?! and Ross' fucked up aunt dares to say she isnt Ross' baby!.I walked over to the bed and sat down, its 7 o clock and Riley should wake up soon, I grabbed the baby bags and suitcases and pulled them over to one of the drawers. How am I supposed to stay in this house with Joan for three months if she doesn't even like me?
-----------------------------------------------
After I unpacked all of the suitcases I took a shower and put on my robe. when I got out of the bathroom I saw Riley playing with her doll and sitting in the crib. I fed her and gave her a bath, then, I brushed her hair and dressed her in a purple dress, a mickey mouse necklace, hello kitty earnings, a purple pacifier with white pokadots on it and a pair of black converse. I put on a yellow dress with black pumps and then I did my makeup and my hair.I grabbed my purse and then I took Riley out of the crib and carried her downstairs. I need some body guards to come with me but I can't seem to find any of them, I turned the corner and guess who I saw?, none other than Joan.
Joan - Leaving so soon?, I'm really gonna miss you. NOT!.
Ariana - I mean this in the nicest way possible, your breath reeks!, now get out of my face!
Joan - I still DONT like you
Ariana - Do I care?, no, no I don't
Joan - Where are you going with Ross' baby?
Ariana - I thought you said she wasn't Ross' baby?
Joan - Just shut up and tell me where you're going kid
Ariana - Fyi, i'm an adult and I don't care if your Ross' aunt or not, I don't answer to you
I walked away from her and when I got in the living room...I think. I saw Isaac and Jack sitting on the couch
Ariana - Guys?
Isaac and Jack - Yeah?
Ariana - Can you guys take me to the nearest mall please?
Isaac - Sure thing
Jack - We should probably get at least two more guys
Isaac - Ok
Isaac,  Mark,  Ryder, Jack, Riley and I got in the car and now we're off to the mall. I'm just planning to buy some baby clothes and some more jewelry for Riley, maybe I'll buy myself some makeup kits too..and I could buy more pumps.....and more jewelry.....and maybe I should just buy everything I see.