
ARIANA'S POV
" Babe, wake up " Ross said while shaking me gently
"No!" I yelled at him
" Wake up! " He yelled back
"No!. Go away!" I yelled getting really annoyed
"Please?!" He pleaded
" I. Said. NO!!"
I kicked at him and I don't  know what happened but I just heard a thud, when I sat up in the bed I saw Ross on the ground groaning in pain.
"Did that hurt?" I asked him
"No..." He said in a sarcastic tone, and then he continued " I'm just groaning in plain cause I think its fun"
" I'm sorry " I said really meaning it. I may not be a male, but I know that being kicked in your lower area hurts, if it didn't, then the men wouldn't  seem to be in so much pain when they get kicked down there. Talking about that, I remember the first time I kicked Frankie in his lower area....I was just six, seven or so
////FLASHBACK///
" Hey Ariana, whatcha doin? " Asked my incredibly annoying big brother Frankie
"What are you, blind?" Its pretty  obvious that I'm brushing Ms. Ginger's hair. Ms. Ginger is my favorite doll because she has tall midnight black hair and she talks, I'm very possessive when it comes to her and my parents and siblings know better than to mess with her
" Can I borrow Ms. Ginger for a while? " Frankie asked obviously knowing the answer
"No" was all I said before I went back to brushing her hair
"Fine....I'll just.." He began
"You'll just what?" I asked getting a little scared
"I'll just take it"  he said and swiftly tried to grab my doll, but before he could grab her I kicked him, it was really an accident but when I saw him fall to the ground screaming in pain. It made me feel happy...like I just accomplished something.He started to scream for our mom and in a few seconds, she  was downstairs crouched down beside him and asking him what's wrong
"Ariana broke my penis!" he replied still crying
"What?" My mom asked clearly confused
"He tried to grab Ms. Ginger away from me, so I kicked him" I told my mom while reigning innocence
"Sweetie, you shouldn't ever kick your brother...or anyone for that matter, unless its for a good reason. OK?"
"OK, mommy"
"And Frankie, we already talked about this, Ariana's dolls are for her to play with, you're not supposed to use them as toilet paper. Got it?" my mom said sternly to Frankie
"OK" He replied
///END OF FLASHBACK////
Stupid jackass, I should've broke his fucking nose. How dare he try to steal my doll and use it for toilet paper. He only did it because appearantly, whenever I cry he gets joy from it. Freak.
"Its OK" Ross replied while standing up and sitting in the bed beside me
"I promise it was an accident" I said, still feeling bad
"I'm OK. Now go get ready, we're leaving soon."  Leaving? What is he talking about?
"What?. Leaving?" I asked