
This chapter is dedicated to the one and only @RickyCaron1. Thank you for...everything, I love you too dude, see you at school tomorrow
ARIANA'S POV
When I got back to the house I went inside and when I was about to go upstairs I heard yelling, I walked closer to where the yelling was coming from and I was actually surprised to see Stormie and Joan arguing. I had Riley in my arms and she was still playing with her teddy bear, I walked a little closer to Joan and stormie making sure that I was out of sight but close enough so that I could hear what they were saying
Joan - I never liked you and I never will!
Stormie - I don't want you to like me!!, your brother is my husband and you just have to live with that!!
Joan - We both know that my brother never loved you, and he still doesn't. You got pregnant for him and then you forced him into marriage, I bet that's the same thing that damn girl Ariana is planning to do with Ross!!
Stormie - Your delusional!, I would never force someone into marriage and dont  you dare drag Ariana into this. You need help woman, your sick, mentally
Joan - How dare you!, I will stop at nothing before my brother leaves you sorry ass!!
Stormie - Why can't you just leave us alone?!!
Joan - You dont deserve to be loved and neither does Ariana, you dont  get it do you?. Im not the bad person here, I'm not trying to ruin your marriage, I'm trying to help you.
Stormie - What the freaking hell are you going on about?
Joan - You think he loves you?, well he doesn't, men only want us for sex, they use you and then they throw you aside like trash. Mark doesn't love you, we both know it.
Stormie - You say he doesn't love me but he's still with me after 22 years?. I know that you were hurt once Joan....but not all men are the same
Joan - Yes they are, they're all the same, they're all t-the same
She was full on crying now. Stormie walked over to her and pulled her in a hug in which she returned, this isn't the mean and bitchy Joan that I've gotten to know in the past 2 days, she looks sad...broken even and just by looking at her.....its obvious that she's in pain.I walked away from them and headed upstairs with Riley. When I got upstairs I opened the door and walked inside, Riley's teddy fell on the ground when I closed the door and she started to cry immediately.
Ariana - Its ok,here you go
I said bending down to take it up and then I placed it back in her tiny hands, I walked over to the bed and sat down with her in my lap
Ariana - Well Riles. Mommy is stressed, confused and tired. Daddy doubted it that you are his daughter and your crazy aunt is trying to ruin everyone's relationships...best fudging 2 days of my life
---------------------------------------------
After a while, Riley started to yawn so. I changed her diaper, something that I have never and will never like doing, I fed her, gave her a bath and dressed her in her pajamas. After that, I laid her down in her crib and read her a bedtime story until she finally fell asleep. I decided to get ready for bed so, I took a shower, washed my hair and brushed my teeth, then, I blowdried my hair and pulled it in a ponytail and put on a white short shorts with a black Tupac t-shirt