
It kind of sucks. Being me I mean, that sucks. My life has always sucked, like when I was a kid, I was bullied, as a teenager I'm beaten up more times than I can count. Then I was 'labeled' and that made life suck even more. So this is me... It sucks.
I walk in, black leather jacket, jeans, casual wear. The support group is in the town hall, it smells, its squeaks and it looks like a prime murder spot, not to mention the carpet which feels like you're treading on melted boiled sweets. "Good you're here Aaron." Sam, the group leader calls from a plastic blue chair. He's sitting in a circle of kids that either looked half starved, or in a world of their own. There is one chair left, I sit in it. The girl next to me is new, and pretty, prettier than anything I've ever seen. Sam goes on to tell us who he is for this new girl. Then we're going around the circle, standing up and saying our names and whats wrong. "Hello, my name is Stacy. Last year I started getting suicidal thoughts and, well, yeah.""Label." The girl next to me whispered."What?" I lean towards her but she doesn't say anything else."Hi. John, depressed." The boy sits down. "Label." It was the girl again. They go around the circle, every time the girls says "label." Soon it's my turn. I stand."Hi." I huff out a sigh. "My name is Aaron, I've been Bipolar since I was fifteen." The girl stands up and grins at me."Tag." Everyone is looking at us and she's still smiling, I want to shrink into the chair and become invisible. "Tag." She repeats. "Flo. There's nothing wrong with me, I'm just here because I wanted to help you." She smiles and sits down again.
Next week, she's there again. She spots me and pats the seat next to her. All I know is that her name is Flo and she's secretive, which I think is pretty cute.I sit myself next to her."You smell nice." My eyes widen at her."What!?" She smiles."You smell nice." Oh God she's as mad as everyone else here."Er, thanks.""Don't mention it."
Walking home I hear footfall and then two hands pushing onto my shoulders. I turn and it's Flo."Hey stranger." I suddenly find myself laughing."The thing is, we are strangers." "What? No we're not. I've seen you twice. I know your name, you know mine. Snap, snap, boom.""Snap, snap, boom?" I say raising an eyebrow. She nods at me and smiles. That damn sexy smile that reaches her eyes. I like her, like, like her. Her dark blonde hair, her green eyes and slight freckles. She flicks her hair over her shoulder, revealing her long neck to me, I could just kiss it right now. We walk a little further on until I need to take a left. "Well, bye, I guess." I want to stay, stare into her eyes. We face each other and she's smiling and I smile because she is. I can't help it, I lean down and kiss her. Amazingly, she doesn't pull away, but pushing into it. I raise my hand into her hair and thread it though my fingers. When she draws away she's smiling.