
"Hello?
Yeah! This morning right before I got here!
Right on the front steps!
Eh, some girl from the after party in Miami!
Um, probably about five months old. Adorable!"
I rolled my eyes. Lou and Harry could say five words to each other and have a whole conversation.
"Yeah, sure! All day! Kay bye!"
"Niall?"
I sighed, "Yes, Lou?"
"I'll be over in twenty minutes with everything you need!"
"Thanks Lou! I owe you!"
"No you don't. Just take good care of this little girl and that'll be enough for me."
She hung up and I put my phone down. "Well, it is nice to have friends, isn't it?"
Harry laughed, "I can't believe Lou thought you were kidding."
"What? She really thought I was lying?"
"Yeah! She figured it was a prank that Louis dared you to do!"
I rolled my eyes, again. "Ha! Funny!"
"Um, Niall?" I looked over at Liam who held the papers I'd read earlier.
"Yeah?"
"Have you contacted the embassy yet?"
I shook my head, "I figured I'd talk to Simon or someone from management before doing that."
"Oh, are you sure you want to tell Simon?"
I gave Liam a look of surprise. "That's what I figured you'd tell me to do, Li! You always do!"
"I know, but it says you have a choice and if management knew that, they'd make you send her to foster care. I know how much you're against that, Nialler."
I nodded, "That's a good point. Well I'll wait for Lou to come. Maybe she can guide me through this."
Everyone nodded and agreed that that'd be the best thing to do.
After a few minutes, Louis and Liam decided to go write some more.
Right on time, the front door flew open and Lux came running in. She ran straight to Harry, who picked her up and twirled her once and then put her back on the floor.
She gasped as she watched Harry pick up Belle from the floor and put her back in her carrier.
"Ucle Haz, who is that?"
"This, my dear Lux, is Niall's baby. Her name is Belle."
Lux walked over to the carrier and looked at Belle. Then she turned and looked at me. "Ucle Nil? She's your baby? Like I'm momma's baby?"
I nodded. That's when it hit me. I sat down on one of the chairs and ran my hands through my hair. "Damn. I have a baby!" I sighed.
Lux shook her finger at me, "Momma says no swearing."
"Your momma is right. Where is your momma?"
"Here I am!" Lou walked in with her hands full. "And I'd love some help, boys!"
Both Harry and I bolted up and helped her. "There's more in the car." I ran out to her car and for a second questioned myself. It was full!