
Niall's POV
It was the night after the last show on the North America leg of the Where We Are Tour. I went out with Louis and Liam to a club they heard about from one of their mates. While I was there I ran into the most beautiful girl I'd ever laid eyes on. We danced and talked for hours that night. I remember Louis telling me that he and Liam were leaving and I told him I was staying a while longer. That's when I kissed the girl. One thing led to another and when I woke up, I was in a strange hotel room naked. I remember looking over to other side of the bed and it was empty. All that was left was a note.
Niall,
I had the most amazing time with you last night. You're such a sweet gentleman and I wish I could have stuck around. But here's the truth that you didn't know.
I'm engaged. I'm getting married in three weeks. Last night was my bachelorette party and my fiancé kept my ring so that I wouldn't lose it.
I'm really sorry I didn't tell you. I was just enjoying my time with you, and I made a mistake letting you take advantage of me like that.
Please don't try and look for me. I have to go back to my life.
All the best,
Anya
*thirteen and a half months later*
I woke up to loud knocking on the front door of my house. I knew the boys were coming this morning, but at least they could use one of their keys to get in instead of obnoxiously knocking at 7am!
"Jesus! I'm coming!"
I suddenly heard a door slam and tires screeching. I ran and opened the door just in time to see a black Ford Fiesta driving down the far end of my driveway before turning and disappearing from sight.
"Well okay then." Clearly it wasn't any of the boys. They usually came whooping and hollering anyway!
I huffed and turned to go back inside. But then I heard a giggle.
I looked around but didn't see anyone or anything.
I decided it was all inside my head so I stepped inside and closed the door.
As I walked to the kitchen I heard it again. It was definitely coming from outside. I turned and opened the door again. This time I looked down and almost shit my pants. Damn I knew I should have taken a wee when I got up earlier.
There, in a baby carrier, was a baby. A girl if I had to guess just by looking at the pink hat and purple blanket. On top of the baby attached by a string to the carrier, was a note. Before I even picked it up I remembered the handwriting.
Niall,
I know this isn't how you wanted to start your morning. Trust me when I say the morning I found out I didn't want it either. But this is Belle. She's our baby. You and me, Niall. I found out a month and a half after meeting you and of course with the timing I knew it had to be yours. I was a virgin before I met you, Niall. I'm sorry to spring this on you, but my husband told me I had to get rid of the baby if I wanted to stay with him. I spent the time I was pregnant indoors so that no one would know that I had a baby. My husband got me a plane ticket to go anywhere to give the baby up and somehow I ended up here. I decided that I wanted my baby to be with blood family. That would be you.
I bet you're wondering how I found you. I knew you were famous so I went on Twitter and a few fans told me approximately where they thought your house was. I've been around for a few days trying to figure out which was yours. I was stuck between this blue one and the yellow one across the street. But then I remember you telling me about your obsession with garden gnomes. I knew straight away which house was yours. It's beautiful and just where I want my daughter to grow up.