
Harry was quiet for a moment, "Um, bout a year ago I suppose."
I laughed, "Haha! Yeah, haven't touched it since!"
"Do you ever do laundry?" Liam asked.
I shook my head, "Hell no. Only on tour do my clothes ever get washed. I just buy new stuff!"
The lads laughed.
*two hours later*
Lou finally came out from the back of the house. Liam was sitting at the bar on his phone. Harry was on the floor on his phone next to Lux who'd fallen asleep over an hour ago. Louis was completely out sitting in the big chair. And Belle was asleep on my chest while I was texting Ally.
"I'm done." Lou announced. She knocked Louis on the head and he sat up right away. "I'm taking my daughter back home and relaxing now. I'd like you boys to help Niall organize everything, okay?"
They all nodded.
"Thank you, Lou."
She walked over and placed a kiss on top of my head and gave one to Belle too. "You're welcome, Nialler. I'm proud of you for stepping up and taking care of your daughter. If you ever need anything, just call okay?"
I nodded. "Love you."
"Love you too." She picked up Lux and walked to the door. "Bye, boys."
"Bye Lou." We all responded.
Harry was the first to speak after we heard Lou's car drive away. "Where do we start?"
I stood and placed Belle in her carrier. Lou had said that she shouldn't sleep much more than an hour at a time but I couldn't bear to wake her up.
"Let's go see what Lou did first, then we can decide."
We all walked down the hall, but I didn't make it very far. I walked into the spare room. It had been completely changed around. It no longer contained the half empty boxes of books from when I moved four years ago. They were all on the shelf in the corner. My bed was also now in this room. Along with my dresser and all of my stuff.
"Why is my bed in here?" I asked aloud.
The lads shrugged.
"Holy crap! I haven't seen that nightstand in months!" Harry suddenly exclaimed as he bounded into the room.
"I don't get it." I complained. "How come I'm in here now?"
Louis stood by the bathroom that connected to the room. "That's probably why." He pointed inside. We all ran over and looked in. On one of the walls was something written in Sharpie.
Niall, I ripped off the wallpaper due to a disgusting stain that was here. PAINT IT! Boys, help him! -Lou
"Damn. She's good." Harry said.
I knocked him on the side of the head, "You're not helping."
"What was on the wall?" Liam asked.
I shrugged, "Probably puke. This was the room I used with girls, so it could have been anything."
"You don't use this bathroom, do you?"
I shook my head and left the room. "No, I use the one in-"
I entered my bedroom and stopped mid-sentence. "-here."
The boys walked in behind me. Harry gasped, "Holy shit, mate! It's pink!"