
"Holy shit."
Harry came up from behind me and patted my back, "Welcome to fatherhood buddy!"
I shook my head as we carried everything else in. It took us three trips each.
Once everything was in the living room we sat down on the couch. But not for long.
"Nope! Nope! Nope, boys! None of that! Get up!" Lou said as she waltzed into the room with Lux on one hip and Belle on the other.
"You know, Haz. I'm suddenly feeling like that baby gets no sleep because everyone keeps waking her up." I sighed to my best friend.
"She is quite cute, Nialler. She's a lucky little girl to have so many people who want to hold her."
Lou was still staring at us. We jumped up.
"What?" I asked.
"C'mon, we gotta do some clearing out to make room for Belle around here."
She opened the door to basement, "Louis! Liam! Get up here! We need your help!"
"But we're writing, Lou!"
"I don't care! You can write later!"
We heard groans but soon the two brown haired boys were following us as we followed Lou toward my bedroom.
I bounded ahead of her and stood in front of the door.
"What are you doing?" she asked.
The other boys began to giggle.
Lou turned and scowled at the lads. Then she glared at me.
"You just don't want to go in there, Lou. Trust me."
Harry put a hand on Lou's back, "He's right, Louise. It's awful in there."
Lou handed Belle to Liam and Lux to Harry. "You boys go keep the girls company. Niall and I are going to fix this problem."
I rolled my eyes but let Lou past me.
She gasped, "Niall James Horan, I pray to god that no young lady has seen this room in this state."
"I can promise you that no 'young lady' has ever been in this room, Lou. C'mon! I'm a twenty-two year old boy with a huge house. You really think this is where I'd take a girl?"
Lou wasn't as pleased with my answer as I was. "Niall. Please tell me you don't have a specific room for that." She cringed.
"If I did, I'd be lying."
"Get out!"
"What? It's my room!"
"Not anymore! It's mine! Get out!"
I put my hands up in surrender. "Okay! Going, going."
I exited the room and walked to the living room. I plopped on the couch beside Louis who was holding Belle. I took Belle and began to bounce her up and down on my knees.
"What happened?" Harry asked as he received a makeover from Lux.
"Apparently having a separate room to do stuff with girls in, isn't right."
Liam laughed, "You really still do that?"
"Um, yeah! You all have seen my room! If girls ever saw it, I'd never get laid!"
Harry chuckled, "You know, I actually stopped caring about a year ago. I figure if a girl can't deal with the mess then I can't deal with her."
Louis scoffed, "Harry, when was the last time you actually saw Niall's room?"