
Louis nodded, "Yes! I assume you'll be around a lot still, Harry."
Harry and I both nodded. We'd become extremely close over the last few months. I never wanted Harry to leave because I hated being alone. Ever since my mum moved back to Ireland, London hasn't felt like home.
Louis sat on the floor beside the couch. I sat on Harry's knees watching him.
He pulled out a small mat from the bag and laid it on the floor. Then he laid the baby down on it. He removed her little shoes and pants. One of the socks came off with the pants so he took off the other one.
Louis then pulled out a new diaper and a package of wipes from the bag.
"Okay, Nialler. Watch carefully, okay? You always want to have a clean diaper ready before removing the dirty one."
I watched as he held up the baby's legs and pulled out the old diaper before replacing it with a new one. In just four quick movements, the baby was changed.
"Wow!" I looked back at Harry who seems appalled.
"Geez, Louis! I didn't realize you knew so much!"
Louis shrugged, "Well, having all younger siblings comes in handy as I get older I suppose."
I chuckled, "So, what's next? What do I do now?"
Louis and Liam both gave me looks.
"You're kidding right?" Liam asked.
"No. I don't know how to take care of a baby, Liam!"
"Well maybe you should think of stuff like this before having unprotected sex!"
"I was protected! And smart about replacing broken condoms!"
Liam sighed, "I'll be in the studio when you children are ready to do adult work!"
After Liam went downstairs, Louis handed me the baby. "I'm sorry you guys. Liam is still really upset about the cheating rumors."
"He knows it's not true, right? I'd never do that to him or Sophia. She's like a sister to me."
He nodded, "I know that, Niall. But a part of Liam is stuck on the whole thing."
I sighed. "I just miss Liam. You know, the old Liam."
"Unfortunately, Niall, none of us are ever going to be our old selves again. After Zayn left, we all hit that dark patch. It was hard, you remember right?"
"Yeah, of course I do. That's when I snapped on me mum and she moved home. But that was when I changed everything else in my life and I was okay."
"Well maybe this will be Liam's turning point and we can go back to making music instead of holes in the wall, yeah?"
I rolled my eyes, "It was one time and one hole. Are you ever going to let it go?"
Louis chuckled. "No, but I'm going to the studio now." He walked toward the basement steps.
"Wait! Lou! What do I do with the baby? We're supposed to write today!" I began to panic.
Louis shrugged, "That's up to you, Nialler. She's your responsibility now."
Louis went downstairs. I took a seat beside Harry. The baby was asleep now and had miraculously fallen asleep during Liam's yelling match. She was curled up in my arms. I leaned into Harry.
"What am I going to do? I can't take care of a baby."
"Okay, first. Calm down. Second, she has a name and I'd suggest using it."