
I got up and walked over to the couch.
"Look at her eyes, the way they sparkle blue."
I gave Harry a look, "Mate, don't sound so gay. What the hell?"
Harry laughed, "I'm just saying Niall, she definitely has your eyes."
"So you're saying my eyes sparkle?" I laughed.
"Haha! Funny! Just look, dammit!"
I looked down at the baby's eyes. Wow, Harry was right. She really has my eyes.
"Wow."
"Told you."
Suddenly the door flew in and Louis ran in. Liam was close behind him.
"Good morning!" Louis yelled.
"Jesus! Don't you have an inside voice?" I yelled back.
"Why do I need one?"
"Well you haven't but you'll need to acquire one if you plan on coming around now." I moved away from the couch so that they could see the baby.
"Oh." Louis was instantly quiet and calm. "Harry, I didn't know you had a baby." He chuckled.
Harry sighed, "Yeah, you'd think it's mine. But no, little Belle here is Nialler's."
Louis let out a chuckle, "You're kidding."
Harry and I shook our heads.
"Oh."
I looked over at Liam. He had sat down on the coffee table just in front of Harry and was admiring the baby.
Liam and I had our differences out this year. After a long drawn out brawl on stage one night, I had been shut out for awhile. Harry ended up moving into a second tour bus with me and we spent a lot of our time together. Liam had become upset after rumors of Sophia cheating on him with me surfaced just before tour started back up in the US in July.
I haven't had a good conversation with Liam in months. We only worked together. One of the new songs on our fifth album was about our fight and to the fans, it was clear.
"Li?" Louis said quietly. He took a seat beside his friend.
"How could you be so careless, Niall?" He asked quietly.
I didn't know what to say to that. I thought Anya and I had been careful. I remember the first condom breaking and I'd put on a new one.
I shrugged, "I didn't mean for this to happen, Liam."
"But something did happened and now you have a baby! Where is the mother?" Liam looked around the living room.
"She dropped off the baby and left." I answered quietly.
Everyone was silent.
"Nialler?" Harry said cautiously.
"What?"
"I think she needs a diaper change."
We all froze.
"What?"
"She peed. A lot." Harry's voice shook as he handed the baby to me.
I shook my head, "No way! I don't know how to change a diaper!"
Louis stood after a few moments, "I'll do it. I have the most experience with diaper changing and babies. But I want the two of you to watch me."
"The two of us?" Harry questioned.