
Please take care of her. She was my whole world for months. Now she's yours.
Here's a list of products I'd been buying for her before bringing her here. Inside the diaper bag is two weeks supply of everything.
I'm so sorry for this Niall. I wish you and Belle the best!
Anya

"Niall?"
I looked up to see Harry standing in front of me.
"Hey, Haz." I choked out.
"What is all of this? Are you okay, mate? Who's baby?"
Harry unbuckled the baby and picked her up. She immediately started playing with his long hair. If I was right, then she's almost five months old. How could Anya have kept this from me all this time? She knew far more about me then I knew about her. Obviously, or I would have found her in my search a few months after she left.
"Niall?"
I looked up. Harry was still waiting for an answer.
"Oh. Yeah. Um, here!" I handed him the note.
He rocked the baby back and forth as he read. I watched the little baby. She was definitely giggly. A sheer sign she probably is mine.
"Wow, Niall. When was this? You never mentioned this."
I sighed, "I actually told you early this year about her. It was that girl from Miami when I went clubbing with Liam and Louis."
"Oh! Wow! So this baby isn't very old eh?"
I shook my head. "Let's get inside." Harry suggested.
I picked up the carrier and the diaper bag and followed Harry and the baby inside.
Harry sat down on the couch but held the baby close. Harry loves babies; always has.
"So, what are you gonna do, Nialler?"
I shrugged and plopped down on the big chair in the corner of the room. "I have no fucking idea."
"Okay, well here's a start. Clean up your mouth. It's filthy!"
I rolled my eyes, "She's four months old, Harry! You really think she'll remember the f word when she starts talking?"
"I'm just sayin, Niall. You could start with the simple and easy stuff. Here's one: Are you actually going to keep her?"
I looked at the baby in Harry's arms. I knew I wanted to have kids someday, I just didn't think I'd have one when I was 22.
I shrugged, "I suppose so."
"You suppose so?"
I threw my hands up, "What the fuck do you want me to say, Harry? I'm twenty-two and just found out I fathered a child over a year ago! I had just turned twenty-one and never thought I'd be so careless as to get a girl pregnant. A virgin girl, at that! I don't even know where Anya is! I don't even know who she is! I'm going to assume this 'husband' is a jack-ass for making her give up her own baby, but I don't know who he is! Harry, if you were me what would you do?"
Harry sighed, "I'd keep her too." He looked down at the baby. "She's definitely your baby, Nialler. Come here and look at her."