
"Oh, yeah. Belle, right?"
He nodded, "Did that have any significance to the two of you?"
I shook my head, "I only really knew her mother for a few hours."
Harry got up from the couch and opened the diaper bag up again. He pulled out more diapers and wipes, along with a few toys, some formula and a few sets of clothes and then finally a folder. He opened it and handed me the paper right on top. A birth certificate. I read through it.
Belle Horan
Of course she used my last name. She didn't want me to find her.
Date of birth: July 15th, 2015
Place of birth: Miami, Florida,  US
Harry handed me another paper, "You should read this. I'll be downstairs okay?"
I nodded and waited for Harry to close the door. I looked down at the paper, afraid of what I'd read.
Petition of Legal Guardianship - United States of America to United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
The mother of Belle Horan, who had requested to remain anonymous, has requested that Niall Horan, the father, take full guardianship.
Belle Horan, born the fifteenth of July in the year two thousand fifteen, will remain with the mother until contact has been made with the father, Niall Horan. Once Mr. Horan has received the child, he is to contact his local United States Embassy immediately.
If Mr. Horan should be unable to care for the child, Belle Horan, she will be placed into the custody of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland until she can be transported back to the United States of America for placement in the foster care system.
I cringed. No way was any child of mine going to be placed in foster care. I was going to care for Belle, no matter what it took!
I walked around the house trying to find a good place to put Belle for the rest of her nap while I went down to write with the lads. I decided her carrier would be the best place. After ordering a pizza for lunch for the lads, I took Belle, in her carrier, and the diaper bag, repacked, downstairs. I left her in the hallway and stepped into the studio.
Liam and Louis were bouncing harmonies off each other for one of our new songs. I quietly sat down in the empty seat beside Louis.
The lads stopped and Louis looked over at me, "Where's the baby?"
"Sleeping in her carrier in the hallway." I mumbled.
Liam scoffed, "You gonna make that baby sleep in her carrier forever?"
I sighed, "You know, Liam, I woke up this morning planning on going on a date with Ally tonight and getting laid, I didn't plan on becoming a father."
Liam was silent.
Louis stood and faced the two of us. "You two need to figure this crap out. It sucks being the middle man! Liam, Niall would NEVER sleep with Sophia! They were like brother and sister before all these stupid rumors! And now they haven't spoken in months because they both respect you! Please solve this! I hate this!" He turned on his heel. "C'mon Haz! I thought I heard the doorbell ring!"
Harry got up and followed Louis out the door to the studio. I sighed as I listened to Liam start to talk.
"Ok, I'm sorry Nialler. I know you wouldn't have sex with or kiss Sophia. I guess I had other reasons to be mad at you though so I took it all out on you. We've been through so much with Zayn leaving. I didn't want any more drama!"