
"What about everything with Louis and Eleanor? You split that up right after El cheated but you weren't mad about it."
"I know, I guess I just needed something focus my anger on and I'm sorry it was you."
"I'm sorry that there were the rumors. Soph and I should have just waited for you to go with us that night. I'm sorry."
Liam scooted over into the seat Louis had vacated and gave me a hug. "Let's forget all this crap. I think I can smell the pizza! Pepperoni, right?"
I smiled and nodded, "Always!"
Suddenly I heard Belle scream. I jolted up and ran into the hallway. She wasn't where I'd left her. I ran up the stairs and into the living room expecting to see the worst. But she was lying on the floor with Harry underneath a mobile.
"Where did that come from?" I asked.
Louis walked over to me and Liam, who had finally caught up to me, with a box of pizza. We each took a piece. "When we opened the door to get the pizza, the pizza boy said there was a mobile and a small playpen out by the mailbox. So we walked out there and got em."
"When did Belle wake up?"
"Um, right before the scream."
I sighed, "Well it scared me."
"Good!" Louis exclaimed. "It should! That, my dear friend, is the first sign to good parenting."
I rolled my eyes, "Louis, it scares me when you scream."
Louis shrugged, "What can I say? Until today, I was the closest thing you boys had to a baby."
I laughed as he walked away. I made my way through the room and took a seat on the floor next to Harry and Belle.
"Thanks, Haz. She seems to like you."
He nodded, "It's no problem. I do like babies."
I chuckled, "I can see that."
Before I knew it, I was leaning down and kissing both Belle and Harry on the cheeks. I got up and walked to the kitchen to dispose of the end of my pizza crust. I grabbed another slice and sat down at the bar counter. "I'm going to have to get rid of the bar up here, aren't I?" I asked Liam who joined me.
He nodded, "Yeah, probably. But you could build a new one downstairs by the studio and move the alcohol down there. This might be okay up here since there's no table."
I nodded, "True." I looked around the room. "Anyone know of a baby proofer?"
"You should call Lou! She found a guy after Lux was born! Oh, and since Belle is a girl, and Lux is a girl, Lou might have some things you can have! I was just over there this morning and Lou was saying how she needed to de-clutter."
I pulled out my phone right away and dialed Lou.
"Hi Nialler! What's up?"
"Hi, Lou! Funny story actually. Harry mentioned that this morning you were saying you wanted to de-clutter."
"Yes, that's right."
"Well, do you have any little girl things you're wanting to part with?"
"Um, yes I do, Nialler. What's going on?"
"Well, I've got a baby girl."
The other end of the line was quiet. Suddenly Harry's phone rang and he answered it right away.