
I started to move closer towards the land where there were no people on the other side of this island.
The idea of being with someone is becoming pleasant. If I had a bride, she would accompany me to meeting and help solve marriage disputes. I would finally be able to give advice being a marriage counsellor from experience. More people would come into my office.
She would be able to shop and actually be the one to relish in my wealth. I'll be able to lay my head on her breasts and talk to her in my arms. Telling her of my daily struggles, she would comfort me giving me advice and strength.
I have been accompanied to three other islands and still I can't find a woman. The popular city beaches had many women from around the world who visit the tourism spots. The only problem was that they rarely got in the water or swam. Most people prefer to lay on the beach taking in the heat making this whole process irritating.
My back burned again. I got back in the water and the soldiers had started eating their lunches prepared by their wives or mothers. It probably taste more delicious than the food made by chefs in the castle.
During times like these, I wish that I had someone prepare a loving meal for me. My sister hated dealing with eels when cooking. She rarely goes up to the kitchen to even attempt to cook. I doubt she even knows the names of the ingredients in the dishes we eat in the castle. I haven't tasted my mother's cooking in two years.
Sometimes, when I look at couples I can't help but to be jealous. I sometimes wish that I too could hold a little mer in my arms. She would be the reason for my happiness for she held both my mind and my heart. I would cherish the every ground that she walks upon whenever. . . I should stop. Building a relationship like the one I'm dreaming of rarely is seen in Atlantis yet alone be reality if I take up a human bride. I should have just picked one of the girls from the Indian Ocean. I wonder if they are still in Atlantis.
The men laughed at the recent groom. He had already gained a little weight. Mer was struggling to eat his food. His wife had filled his lunch box to the brim. The poor meal didn't even look appetizing but he ate it anyways. I guess quantity over quality was her goal.
In Atlantis, men rarely cooked or cleaned in the household. It was almost comical if a man decides to enter the kitchen. Cooking shouldn't be frowned on if men do it. I would gladly learn if not for the stares and the teasing my brothers would render until I'm on my death bed.
If I'm married then I'll be able to easily build kitchen. I'll be able to cook then. I guess that's the only reasonable silver lining I can think of at the moment for having a human bride.
"Prince Cillian. I have extra." One of them offered me some extending their lunch box. I rejected it, thanking him for his kind offer. I swam back up to see if any human girls have been added to this area.
I kept my distance from the reef and the shoreline just in case some divers were in the area. This island was not known to have divers but I have to be careful. Some sea gulls were chatting up a storm on top of me. Tuck! A coconut landed on a the sand. The sea gulls moved away hearing it towards the scorching sun in the sky.
The place was beautiful. Developers have speared the islands of the Bahamas. It's something that I am eternally grateful for. I choose to come here to look at the sheer beauty of this country. I have to take advantage of the opportunity while I still have it. My father had blessed his nation with a mini holiday after the ball. I only have two more days left before I have to return back to my office.
There was a figure emerging from the foliage. It was boy with a bag that looked to be as tall as him. He was struggling to carry the bag on his back. He had on what looks to be a school uniform. He began waving at me for attention. I waved back surprised by his impromptu greeting.