
Thursday 4th June 2015
Abaco's Barrier Reef
Country: The Bahamas
Prince Cillian:

The sun is getting too hot. I went under for the nth time to cool my skin down a little bit. A few of the castle's young warriors were under me for lookout. I never had lookout when I'm exploring the topside. Although it's been awhile since I left Atlantis' gates.
Anyone could tell that the guards were secretly making sure that I would fulfill my father's orders. Some of them didn't even care to hide their messenger eels. No doubt they are willing to report to him, on the hour every hour, happy like a lark, to relay my progress. Everyone loved my father. True followers were every Atlantian. I am as well but not when the topic of interest concerns myself and my future.
There was no backing out once I saw them waiting outside my bedroom this morning. They held the royal degree high with pride. It cementing the fact that my father issued recent orders since our heated argument after the ball.
I just had to talk to him after the chosen ball. I should have just ignored him and went home.
Usually, I'm the most agreeable and sane person at events and homecoming for the mating courses. I loved seeing mers connect with each other. It was almost prestigious in our society if one agree to be each others partners. It was my job as an Informant and counsellor to bring people together across from all of the oceans.
Princes usually have to pick their brides after their third tail shedding. Each shedding process could take between twenty-five to hundred years depending on the person.  It was customary and tradition in my family. I haven't even shedding my second layer and my father is forcing me to decide earlier.
Once that event was over I told my father that I'll ask a woman by my third shedding. I expected him to agree to my decision but instead he demanded that I found a bride quickly.
For centuries, I've endured and tried my best to become the perfect son. I obeyed all of his orders and summoning. For centuries, I've done my best. I've lived in the part of a perfect son.For all the work and effort I've placed into Atlantis. I am now being repaid by being forced to get married earlier.
He looked so frustrated when he demanded that I got married. I hated seeing him so disturbed at the mention of my wedding. He doesn't even explain his actions. I want to hate my father for this but I can't. I can't bend my heart and mind. So now. I'm still obeying his orders and looking for a suitable wife.
I'm the youngest of four and my older sister hasn't gotten married yet. Since my mother left with the research time to search for medicinal cures on land. He has been nothing but a handful to deal with.
The coral reefs here are truly magnificent with the large spread of color and species inhabiting them. I've been so occupied with scheduling marriages and meetings that I haven't been to enjoy my father's creations. He loves tinkering and fixing the generational work.
To me much of it seems the same in the Bahamas as it was years ago. He's skeptical about releasing his new coral for the land to see. Humans tend to go overboard with the new discoveries in the ocean. As a king his priority and duty is to protect mers from being exposed to the humans. For years, our leaders have tried to limit the amount of humans who actually know of us.
I returned back to the surface and the tides were drifting me away slowly. I never realized this motion was so soothing. Calming. I missed this. I miss being drifting away by these captors.