
"Have you seen people wearing the same clothes as me?" He didn't sound like a man as yet probably a teen. I should have ignored him and left but I replied sensing the worry in his voice.
"No ones here except me." He started taking out stuff from his bags and arranging things on the sand.
I felt someone graze my tail. The water was being pushed and pulled near my tail. I went under to discover my men holding a diver limp in their arms. 'You all should have noticed him approaching!' They all bowed their heads asking for forgiveness.
The mask the diver had on was fogged up. He's conscious but still alive.
Just Great!
I have nine men on lookout and they couldn't spot this one human!
I went back up to make sure the boy wasn't worried about me. He had left the shoreline with his stuff scattered around the place.
I was discovered once before in the Caribbean waters but the woman fainted seeing my tail and I just simply placed her near the shoreline. Bringing guard complicated things now I have to carry this diver to my father.
My men and I retreated back to air hub in June's cave in silence. June was my pet octopus. I had gotten her a cave so she could to protect this passage to Atlantis. My brothers had their sharks and stingrays near other entrances to the castle.
My men helped the human get near the rocks. The driver was awake now. He dragged himself away from the water removing his mask and gear. June placed her tentacles as a divider from us and the human.
The mers all greeted June and some even gave her treats. The new groom practically scooped half of his unappetizing lunch box in June's bowl. They were trying to please me so I could lessen the decree. Some who were still single had been extra nice to me since this morning. I guess everyone wanted to get married this year.
"Inform king of your mistakes. I'll wait here with him and June." Some drifted by my side to remain but I raised my hands in the air to strike them. They all left slowly knowing that it was an empty threat.Their faces had been drained from blood frightened of the punishment that awaits them.
The diver turned to the side and the drop of breasts became visible. A girl. No one noticed! She ran her fingers in her raven hair shaking out the salty water. This was only reassuring my thoughts that I need to get rid of the guards whenever I go near the topside or anywhere else.
I could have easily disposed of her when she fainted. Bahamian reefs and shorelines are easy to swim onto and return back. But most of all, the beaches are deserted during these hours!
