
The boys had asked me to be their opening act for their upcoming tour a couple of months ago, but no one knows yet. The boys are in London doing an interview and I am watching from backstage, waiting for my interview to start. They don't know I'm there and the interview is almost over.
"Who is one artist that you would like to work with?" the host, John, asks.
"Bruno Mars," Liam says.
"Haven Cox," Niall says.
"Really?" John says, smiling cheekily.
"Oh yes she is amazing," Louis says.
"Haven is actually backstage right now," John says and the boys all look at each other and start laughing. "Why don't we bring her out."
A worker urges me forward and I walk out on the set. My heart races when I see Harry, I have a major crush on him. The boys all smile at me, the audience cheers, I smile and give a small wave.
"Haven you look amazing," John says.
"Well thank you John," I smile at him and take a seat between Liam and Niall.
"Are you okay?" he guestures at our seating arrangements.
"Yeah, Niall smells good so I'm fine," I pat Niall's leg and the audience laughs.
"I know your interview is later but how could we skip out on such a wonderful opportunity to have you all here," John smiles at us. "The boys said that they would enjoy working with you, what are your thoughts on that?"
"I'm honored," I give a huge smile, my slightly southern American accent very strong, and I remember that they don't know about the tour arrangements. "They're amazing. I'm actually a huge fan and I'm tryin very hard to contain my inner fangirl but I ain't doin so hot."
The audience laughs, Liam puts his arm around my shoulder in a friendly way and I do a small mock fangirl at the audience. Waving my hands a little by my face and mouthing 'Oh my gosh'.
"Can I just say your accent is adorable," John says.
"Thank you," I giggle and glance at Harry who winks at me, making my heart race.
"Can I ask you a few questions Haven?" John asks.
"I guess, but I feel bad for taking up the boys time," I say sweetly.
"Oh we don't mind," Niall says and the boys murmur agreement.
"Okay shoot," I smile at John.
"Which member of 1D do you like the best?" he gives me a cheeky look, all the boys look at me with the same cheeky expressions. I give the audience a frightened, worried expression, making them laugh.
"I love them all equally," I bite my lip.
"You are a terrible liar Haven ," Louis says.
"Harry slap him," I say, Louis is on the far end so I can't reach him. Harry hits Louis in the chest.
"Thanks babe," I smile at him then stick my tongue out at Louis.
"One more question for you boys," John says. "The fans have been bombarding twitter so I have to ask, who is opening for you on your upcoming tour?"
The boys look at me then look at Paul, who nods.
"Actually Haven is opening for us," Liam says.
"Surprise," I smile, the audience cheers.
"That is a surprise. A fantastic one though, Haven and I will have a lot more to talk about in our interview."
After a few more minutes the interview is over and we all go backstage. The boys and I don't really get to chat because they are rushed out of the studio but I stay because my interview is next. John introduces me and I walk out on stage, taking a seat on the couch next to him.
.......
A/N: I know Paul isn't the manager anymore but I'm not sure who the new one is so ... sorry. xx