
*Gerards POV*
"hey baby" some guy said as he walked over. "hi ya" I drunkly replied. "Gee, baby?" I heard Franks voice behind me."uh, uh, h-hi Frankie" I say, realizing that he was mad at me for flirting with this random guy. "cmon pet," he said leaning into me and grabbing the collar around my neck and pulling me to a private room. "what were you doing my little slut?""talking to someone Daddy" I gulped as he pulled my underwear and pants down. "you don't even know his name? bad boy, flirting? you know the rules that's 5 with my belt or 20 hand, what'll it be slut?" "but daddy-" I tried. "no, you were flirting with him and you know you're mine,""but daddy I wasn't-" there was no point, I had kind of been flirting but I'm drunk becoming slightly less so by the minute. "hand or belt?" he asked again. "whichever you think I deserve daddy" I say giving up and hanging my head in shame. he sighed, "I'll give you 20 with my hand, okay pet?""yes daddy, thank you" I say leaning up and kissing him."you were a bad boy today?" he says. "i know daddy""now lay down on my lap and count every five" I know what's coming as I lay down.
I whimper out somewhat of a reply and the first one comes down.
"One, thank you Daddy" I breathe out, happy that I only have to thank him every fifth spank. the next four come down quickly and hard, "AGH! F-five, thank you Daddy" he keeps going and I keep thanking him till we reach twenty.
"Good, good, good little whore" Frankie says pulling me up and kissing me hungrily. "Daddy- nggggghhh" I moaned as he squeezed my bruised ass.Frank breathed into me and squeezed harder."OH DADDY" I moan in pleasure. "look at you, little whore. you love when I bruise you up and spank you and treat you like the naughty whore you are" Frankie said slapping my ass again. by now ecstasy had taken over and it all felt so good. I moaned loudly. "little" he slapped my ass cheeks again "whore" slap "you love it" slap "I bet you want me to just" slap "bend you over and give you 100 with my hand or maybe with my belt" slap "wouldn't you, little slut?""nggggghhh," came my muffled response. "okay slut," Franks voice came from above me, "I'm going to take you home and fuck you into the mattress, alright?"I knew there wasn't a choice, he was going to, and I wanted him to. "cmon," he said quickly pulling my jeans back up and dragging me out of the room and out of the club.
We shuffled into the car and Frank drove fast, over the limit most definitely.
Out apartment building came into view fast and we ran up the two flights of stairs to our own. Frank didn't even stumble with the keys or lights and within seconds both him and I were naked and I was being pushed towards our bedroom. The familiar room with all the whips and paddles on the walls, drawers I knew were filled with toys, and in the corner stood Franks favorite punishment, rarely used, the cage. I would've thought more about it if Frank wasn't shoving me down onto the bed and getting what he needed to fuck me, lube and condoms. When he came back over to the bed I also saw a cock ring and handcuffs in his hands."Daddy," I say quietly but I know he can hear me, "I'm not coming tonight, am I?""No you are not, do not flirt with other people pet, you are mine and mine alone, this is a reminder for you" I whimpered, I knew he was still going to fuck me hard, so if I didn't have the cock ring distracting me I could come quickly."Please Daddy, I didn't mean to, I was-" Frank cut me off. "I thought tonight would be a good night Gee, I was going to fuck you and you were going to be allowed to cum, but now it doesn't look like that's going to happen.""yes daddy," I whimpered in defeat.
Frankie moved up and clipped my hands together and then to the headboard on the bed, and put the cock ring on my semi hard dick.
First he just stroked my length for a minute before uncuffing me and tossing me to my knees on the bedroom floor. "I'm gonna fuck that whore mouth of yours" Frank says getting off the bed and putting his dick in my mouth. I run my tongue under the bottom as he slowly begins to fuck my mouth, speeding up gradually. His moans and my own grew louder until he came hard in my mouth and I swallowed it and licked his dick clean, still unable to come myself. Frank pulled out of my mouth. "Good job, pet" Frank says pulling my hair back and kissing me roughly. "D-Daddy?""Yes Pet""Um... C-can I cum please?" I ask quietly.Frank sighs before tilting my chin up so I'm looking him in the eyes, "Baby-""I'm sorry Daddy, I know the answer, I shouldn't have asked," I say quickly."Do you just want to go to bed?" "Yes, Daddy" I say hugging him. "Okay, Gee" Frank walks over to the closet and pulls out pajamas and comes back over to me. "Here," Frank sits me on the bed and pulls the pajama pants up my legs after taking the cock ring off.