
Recap: Unknown: so this what you gonna do ? Me and Mark pulled away and saw..
Asia: I saw a person that I told to leave me the hell alone. Me: August what the hell you want. August: don't talk to me like that , I loved you, I helped you when your father was abusing you , and you want to do this ! Mark: look from what I heard of you you a horrible person an you ain't got Ki rift to be yelling at her because you fucked up! I was so scared because I didnt know what was going to happen next. August: and who the hell is you? Mark: Mark bitch and if you got a problem we can handle it now. All of a sudden I saw three dudes come from out of August's car. Me: August what the hell is going on. August: if his black ass want to fight then I got him. Mark: alright, YO DEREK , TY, DJ COME OUT HERE WE GOT A PROBLEM . All of them came running out . Derek: yo what hell happening ? Mark: well this little Mr. Nice guy want to come and start problem . All of a sudden one if August " friends " attacked Dj . The other one attacked TY and then Mark and August started to fight. Dj and Mark was winning but then I saw TY banging the dudes head against the ground . Candy,Tiffany, and June came out running . June: what the fuck going on! I explained everything to them but that's when I saw Mark in the ground bleeding to death along with the other guys. Me: AUGUST LOOK WHAT YIU DONE , YOU JUST STOP CAN YOU?! August: you literally standing up for this idiot that you meet two damn days ago. Me: how the hell you know that? August: Umm *silence*. Me: you been spying on me have you? Your such a damn creep. Me: candy put the boys in the car and drive them to yeh hospital fast. August: look the only reason I was spying was because I love you and I wanted to make sure you was safe . Me: well guess what I don't care if you love me because I don't . You put me through so much stress and anger that I just wanted distance from you. Then you show you at my house and packed my stuff . What the hell is wrong with you August ? August: shit Asia love make you do crazy things what you want me to do? Me: what I want you to do i stay out of my life . August: okay if that's what you want . He said looking like he was finna cry. I walked to Marks car and drove straight to the hospital. Once I got in there I saw TY sitting down crying. Me: everything okay? Ty: yeah . Me: them why you crying ? Ty:'because my best friend could of died cause of your dumb ex and his group an an and what if we couldn't help him he would of been dead ! He said while yelling and having an attitude . Me: well in sorry then I'll just leave you guys alone . I said while leaving . Ty: no I didn't mean it like that it's just ..... Idk. Me: well can I go and see him? TY: yeah he in room 76. After a couple of minutes for searching the room I finally found it. I opened the door and found a beat up Mark. He had tubes in his arm , legs, and other places expected for his neck. Me: oh my lord. I ran over to the other side of the bed and pulled up a chair next to him. Me: Mark I'm so sorry Thai happened to you. Its all my fault . If I never bothered you you wouldn't be here. I know you probably hate me right now but please please know that I am really sorry. Also that TY was right . If my stupid ex would have left me alone then then then. I couldn't even finish . A few minutes passed and that's when the doctor had came in. Doctor: hello and who are you? Me: I'm Asia. Dictor: are you his girlfriend if not I will have to ask you to leave . Me: yes I'm his girlfriend . I said with an attitude to make it seem real. Doctor: okay well we did some test and he will need to stay here for a month to re cover and do you have any idea who did this. All of a sudden Candy, Tiffany, June, Dj, TY , and Derek came. TY: yeah do you have any idea who did it? Derek: aye chill. TY: No, cause it is wasn't for her stupid ex none of this would of happened. I didn't say anything. Ty: man forget this call me when he wake up. It was dead silence. I got up and walked outside to look for Ty. I found him on the other of the road looking depressed . I walked across the street and just started at him. Ty: What. Me: I'll tell you what you just went off and embarrassed me, I should hate you for that. Ty: ha hate me? YOU THE ONE I SHOULD BE HATING ON BECAUSE IF IT WASNT FIR YOUR DAMN EX WHO STALKS YOU, AND BROOKED YOUR NONE OF THIS WOULD OF HAPPENED. Me: you don't know what I went through in my pass . Ty: oh what a dumb break up so what. Me: so what ? BITCH IVE BEEN ABUSED AND RAPED NOT ONLY BY MY DAD AND STRANGERS. BUT WHEN I WAS 15 I RAN TEH STREETS AND WAS ALMOST KILLED! Ty: I I didn't know Asia i I'm so ( gco). Me: save ya sorry. I stared to walk away but I turned around . Me: oh an if the other guys ask, and just to seem like I was in the wrong so that nun happens, tell them I said I didn't care or something like that. I turned back around and started walking back home. Witch reminds me, I'm moving tomorrow.