
AsiaPov: So today Rodrick have to tell me a big secret he has been keeping so today he wants to meet me at the park . I got out of bed and took me a 20 minute shower. I got out and blowed dried my hair and put it in a messy ponytail tail. I went to my room and put on black booty shorts with a red tank top and a jacket with some red converse. I left a note in August bed to let him know that I will be out and be back in a few. After I was done I went downstairs to grab and apple and headed out. I got in my car and went straight to the park. I arrived at the park and I saw Rodrick with a blanket in his hands. Me: hey Rodrick whats that? Pointing to the blanket . Rodrick: hey and this is....... my baby boy. I've been wanting to tell you but I was nervous . Me: and you told me this because . Rodrick: I told you this because the babymother is Taylor. Me: TAYLOR AS IN TAYLOR PREZ. Rodrick: y yes . For those of you who don't know who Taylor is , she is my best friend and told me everything , well thought she told me everything . I got up and ran to my car . Once I got in I called Taylor to tell her about what just happened . (Phone Convo) Me: Hello. Tay: Hey girl wassup? Me: I'll tell u wassup , when u had a baby? Tay: *Silence*. Me: WHEN DID U HAVE A MOTHERFUNCKING BABY!? Tay: BITCH WHY THE FUCK U WORRY BOUT IT . Me: ONE BITCH I THOUGHT YOU WAS MY BEST FUCKIN FRIEND BUT I GUESS NOT AND IM EVEN MORE MAD BECAUSE I DIDNT EVEN SEE THE BIRTH . Taylor : omg Asia I'm so so sor ( gco) Me: FUCK A SORRY BITCH BYE. I hung up and started to ride back to the house. As I walked into the house I heard moaning and someone screaming " fuck August faster faster". I know this mother fucker ain't cheating already. I dropped my bag and went to the kitchen and grabbed my gun. I walked upstairs slowly and I pecked to see August riding her from the back. I busted up in the room and shot at the the wall Me: SO THIS THE SHIT YOU DO WHEN I'M NOT HOME . August: baby please I didn't mean to its just that I I I don't know . Me: Fuck you August your a bitch and a hoe. I shot at his Leg and he fell off the bed. Random Girl: bitch you shot him. Me; i know nigga an you next . I shot her in the arm and she ran out the house . I sat the gun down and sat on the bed. August: look I'm sorry okay I didn't mean to. Me: them why do it. August: Cause a nigga needed some and you wasn't giving it. Me: I'm not a whore that's why August I've never in my life had ever cheated on you and you do it to me. That's messed up. August: I know and I'm sorry. He came out to me and kissed me in the lips. We separated and looked into each other's eye. Me:August can I tell you something . August: anything . I punched him in his face and kicked him in his balls. Me: Get the fuck out of my apartment . He got up and gave me sorry eyes. Me: GET OUT! He left so fast that he almost left dust. U went into the bathroom and took me a nice long bath. After I was done , I looked in the mirror and my eyes were dark blue. Meaning I was hurt, mad, and sad. I went back to my room and putted on yellow sweatpants and a white shirt. I listened to All of me by Lloyd and went to sleep.------------------------------------- Wassup my NIJAS ?Anyways I think I might put in a new character? Maybe someone boyfriend ,Hint Hint. wellBYEEEEEE