
MarkPov: So today I'm taking Asia on a date, but instead of going to dinner I was thinking of lasers tag with some of my friends Derek, Dj, Ty, Candy, June, and Tiffany. I got out of bed and called all of them and they agreed but Derek wasn't so excited . I guess he hates meeting new people . After I was done talking to them, I went to the restroom and took me a 10 minute shower and washed my hair. I decided to call Asia and tell her another change of plans. ( Phone convo) Me: Goodmornig beautiful . Asia: morning Mark wassup? Me: well I was thinking of instead of going to dinner , we can good to laser tag and u can meet my friends? Asia: coo what time? Me: well now since its 3:00. Asia: okay by ba... I mean Mark. Me: okay bye princess. ( End of Phone Convo). I hope this day goes okay. I had putted on some black jeans , read shirt, a black jacket , and white Jordan's and headed out
AsiaPov: After I got off the phone with Mark, I took me a 10 minute shower, brushed my teeth, and curled my hair . I decided to put on some yellow shorts with a white tank top, whited Jordan's, and a white hat. I grabbed my phone and went down stairs. I called Mark and told him that I will meet him. After eating I drove to laser tag and saw Mark and some other people witch I'm am assuming it's his friends. Me: hey. Everyone excepted Dj: hey. Candy: hey I'm candy. Dj: I'm Dj . TY: hey I'm TY . Tiffany: hey I'm tiffany. June: wassup I'm June .Mark: Umm Derek . Derek : Ugh hello. He said sounding annoyed. Well he is a little unfriendly. TY: well let's go I'm hungry . Tiffany: okay so me, candy,june,and Asia in a group. Derk: and me,mark,ty,and Dj in a group. So me and the guys splitted up and stated to hide
DerkPov: I know yall may be thinking I'm a idiot for thinking I hate Asia but I don't I actually think she cute. I was mad because at the beach Mark want to go and ask her on a date. That made me so mad. Yeah I know she ain't mine and he has the right to ask her but still man.
AsiaPov: I really like Mark but Derk is cute, really cute. But I bet he hates me , I don't know why. Any we all Splitted up. I was standing behind this big black wall until I saw some gray pants. That's TY . Me: *whisper* gotcha na sucka. I shot him and his beeping went off. TY: Damn I got u Asia. And he sat down on the side. I squat down behinde some big timbal weed . After 2 minutes of being behind here so I decided to go and look for someone . All of a sudden I spotted some red pants . Ty,Derek, candy, June , and Dj are already out so its just means that's Mark. Me: well well well it looks like someone is finna get shot. Mark: aw shit. Tiffany: don't even try and shot her. Tiffany said as she was pointing her gun towards Mark. Mark: what if I do . He said getting closer . Tiffany gun was pointed towards his side and mines was on his front side. I shot him and he pretended to fall. Mark: NOOO tell my mama I love her. Me: boy get up. I said while laughing . I helped him up and he say to the side . So it was just me and. Tiffany . Me: Neva knew it would come down to this. Tiffany: me either but it so sad to see you go. Me: same to u. I shot at her and she dodged it. She shot me and my buzzer went off . Tiffany: haha. Me: luck snitch. We went to where the other guys were and we decided to go ice skating. Me, Derek, Ty, and Tiffany got in Marks. And Candy and June got in Dj car. We made it there in 28 minutes and bought our skate witch was only 5 dollars. Me: yo candy come here real quick. Candy: wassup. Me: So tell me about everyone. Candy: okay TY is the funny one and loves the ladies . He has a crush on someone but I can't tell . Me: please tell me. Candy: ok ok he likes..... You! Me: oh. Candy: what you mean oh? Me: well I just got out of a bad relationship a couple of days ago and I think Mark cute and I meet this boy named Rodrick witch I thought I liked and then he tells me he has a baby. And then it's my best friend well thought was my best friend . And its just too much to handle. Candy: if you don't mind me asking what was his name? Me: August , August Anthony Alsina the third. I said while putting on a frown. Candy : Aww I'm so sorry . She said while skating and giving me a hug.
CandyPov: I feel so bad for Asia she went through so much. I skate over to Mark and decided to tell him about it. I really like Ty but he likes someone else and I just can't forces him to like me. Me: so brave face guess what. Mark: what u said about calling me brace face and what is it. Me: well I was talking to Asia and she said she liked you too . Mark: really? Me: yes but don't move to fast. Mark: why not. Me: well one it's wired and two she been through some stuff. Mark: like what? Me: well she just got out of a bad relationship and then she stared to like this boy named Rodrick but he had a baby and his baby mom was her ex best friend . And she likes u but its too much on her hands. Mark: well okay then . And he skated off to Asia. Oh God what did I just do? Oh well I'm getting me a hotdog.