
Today's the day!
Ryunosuke stepped into the humble cafe, scanning the customers for a certain girl at the booth seat in the back corner, almost certainly enjoying a small cake and hot tea to go with her reading. Not that it would be hard to find her; she stood out quite a bit and was definitely a highlight of Ryunosuke's visits to the cafe. She was always by herself, while all the other women seemed to be with their husbands or fathers or brothers or uncles, and she gave off an air of gracefulness. She would always sit in the same place and order the same thing. She would always bring in a bag filled with books: sometimes a nice stack of books on legalese, science, and history, or other times, books with strange titles like The First Folio, Little Women, Call of the Wild, or, more recently, a stack of books that all seemed to have Sherlock Holmes in their title. She would sit there, read a bit, sip some of her tea, read a bit more, take a bite of her cake, read some more, sip her tea, and so on, until her food was finished and she was satisfied with the amount of reading she got done. She would then clean up her table, thank the server, hop onto her bike, and speed off in the direction of Teito Yuumei Daigaku, the school Ryunosuke happened to go to.
While she was fine with this routine, Ryunosuke always thought she seemed a little lonely. That's when he resolved try to make friends with her, though he had to work up the courage to engage his plan before he could approach her. He tried to say hello a couple of times, but he always ended up opening his mouth, stuttering an apology, and scurrying away. But today, he was feeling a bit more confident than usual and a bit more ready to make a fool of himself. Not that such a thing would happen; Asogi did give him some guaranteed-foolproof ways to strike up a conversation with someone. Ryunosuke gave himself a slap of the face for good measure, then marched to the corner seats. Lo and behold, the literary girl was sitting there, flipping through her book, and paying no mind to him. Ryunosuke quickly flipped through the index of conversation starters he had stored in his head. While he spent an apparently long time contemplating his next move, she spoke up.
"Do you need anything?" she asked, barely looking up from her book.
"Ah!" Ryunosuke was taken aback; he was supposed to acknowledge her, not the other way around! He cleared his throat in an attempt to recover. "I was wondering if I could eat with you," he said, trying to exude confidence. "Would that be okay...?"
"Let's get this over with..." she sighed as she put away her book. Ryunosuke took a seat in front of her, puzzled. Does this happen often?
"You're one of my father's students, right? I keep telling him to stop, but he still tries to find a suitable husband for me in his classes. Though, this is the first time he's tried to set something up during my free time... Maybe he wanted to be low-key about it?"
"E-excuse me? Are you saying you're Professor Mikotoba's daughter?" The professor would occasionally talk about his daughter, but it was always about how much of a prize she'd be to what lucky boy could marry her. Come to think of it, she was probably so unrecognizable in the cafe because she was always alone. If she was such a prize, shouldn't a man be following her everywhere?
"Stop pretending you don't know anything! My father set this up between us, didn't he, and after class he pulled you over and asked you to try and court me during my break!" Realizing how loud she was being, she quickly looked around to make sure nobody was staring at her, then fixed her posture. "I'm sorry for that. I'll be going now."
"Wait! I swear your father didn't set us up; I didn't even know he did that until you told me! I just saw you in the cafe a lot, and you always seemed lonely, so I thought I could give you some company."
She sighed and sat back down. Her appearance seemed a bit softer after hearing that.