
"Even though I hate you, you're good to keep around for laughs."
"Can we just listen to what Mrs Dorman has to say?" I snapped.
I didn't want to be near him just as much as he didn't want to be near me.
"Ok class!" Mrs Dorman clapped her hands to get our attention. "We are gonna cut open a frog."
All the girls shivered. But what set us all off was that we had to catch our own frogs.
At least now I know why we need a boy and girl to be partnered up.
So the boys can do all the frog catching.
"Your frog is due Friday so you and your partner can try catching your frog after school and you got time tomorrow."
Mrs Dorman is one of my favorite teachers but this is trying to make me dislike her.
I can't believe I have to work with demon over here.
A few minutes later, the bell rang.
Everyone grabbed their things and shuffled out the door.
I felt some pressure on my left arm. I looked over and saw a sight I did not enjoy.
"So, after school why won't you meet me at Fester's Cafe to talk about all the frog catching and stuff?"
"I'd rather jump in a lake and drown."
"Oh, if that's so, I'll just come over to your house before you do that." He grinned devilishly.
I groaned. I met his crystal blue eyes. I can obviously see evil in those eyes. I don't know why but something about his hair is also evil. His hair is originally brown but he died it red. I don't know why he decided to dye it red but that's one sign of evil.
"Urgh fine, I'll meet you at Fester's Cafe."
"Great! Head there immediately after the last bell rings."
"Wouldn't it be easier for us to meet in front of school and head to the cafe together?" I glared at his arm still on my shoulder.
"I don't want to be around you for too long. I'd rather we walked separately to the cafe. Seeing that we're gonna be around each other later on, I want to have my space to myself with the time I have."
"Oh, okay. I would be so glad if you could leave now. I too want my space to myself." I pushed his arms off my shoulder.
He chuckled and grabbed a tiny piece of my hair and twirled it. "I hope you fall down the stairs." He laughed as he walked away.
"And I hope someone pushes you off the second floor!" I yelled.
Everyone in my school knows how much we hate each other. We're like the iconic couple except we hate each other to death.
I walked silently heading towards the library. I was then startled by some force almost pushing me down.
Thankfully that didn't happen cause if it did, I could be a new rug placed in the middle of the hallway.
"What the f-"
"Hey Lia. I am so sorry for bumping into you so hard. I was running and I didn't see you till the last minute." A male voice explained while panting.
I turned and saw a male with blonde hair. He's hands were on his knees, he was panting so hard I would have thought he was being chased by a gang of bullies but that wouldn't happen.
"Woah, stop talking." I tried to stop him from babbling. "I know you and I know it was an accident. You would never do anything on purpose unless it was necessary."