
How would you guys feel if you get paired up in an assignment or a field trip or everything else, with someone you hate? You'd feel like strangling them with a long string of licorice or suffocate yourself with a pillow.
Anyway, I'm going too far but that was my exact thought every time I see his face.
Who? Well, Verren Mayes. He's my enemy since we were 8. He likes to piss me off, one up me and always wins. I sometimes feel like he was sent here by the devils to haunt me. Anywhere I go, he's there. He's like my shadow or a leach. However you want to call him.
I just realized I haven't introduced myself to you. I'm Cornelia Gordon. I just turned 15 on 12th March. I go to Autumn Mist High. I live in Florida.
That's all you need to know about me at the moment. We'll get to the other details later on.
So, it was just an ordinary Wednesday. I just finished 3 classes and now I need to head into another class.
Biology. Ugghhh. I do not like that class one bit. It's too gross for me.
I walked into class and saw everyone was standing up. The girls at the back of the class and the boys in front of it.
Mrs Dormen took a glance at me. Her face was expressionless. "It seems everyone is here now." She grabbed a piece of paper from her desk. She motioned me to head to the back of the class.
"Today we are gonna be doing an assignment. It involves frogs." As soon as she said that, all the girls, even I, started groaning and complaining.
"Oh quit your complaints and listen up. I'm gonna divide you into pairs. It has to be a boy and a girl and before you ask, no you can not change your partner.
I cursed under my breath. I watched as my classmates get paired up.
I looked around and hoped to see that demon get paired up with someone else but the devils started to play games. The games of torturing me.
"Cordelia Gordon and Verren Mayes. You two will be partners for this assignment." Mrs Dorman announced.
Seriously, can he just not appear in my life for at least one day.
"And of course, I'm paired with him." I groaned as I walked over the table 12. "Again."
"And again and again and again." A male voice said just beside me.
I glaced over my shoulder. Can you not speak right now?
A pair of crystal baby blue eyes looked at me with a smirk that had trouble written all over it.
I wish I could slap him right then and there. I rolled my eyes at him.
"The both of us can't seem to stay away from each other." He winked.
Scoffing and silence was an option and of course I went with scoffing.
"Why won't you say a word? You know we have to talk to each other eventually to complete this assignment."
I glanced over at him again. He already had his fake puppy dog face on point.
"I hate you so much." That's the only thing I said to him.
He chuckled. "You know I hate you more. I would rather kill myself than to be feeling your aura."
"Why don't you start by drinking this?" I held out a test tube in front of his face.
He looked at it and laughed.
Rude much.