
Emery was an orphan, and she liked it that way. She didn't have nagging parents who worried that she wasn't pretty enough to get admirers. Or that worried that her copper red hair was too long and messy. She was free. Until Mr. Roberts came along.
"What!? I'm being adopted! But I love it here." Emery screeched. She hated when Mrs. Alderson tried to get her adopted. It made her so mad. She never knew of any other home than the orphanage in the country.
"Now, Emery, we agreed that you would be adopted before spring ended and before you turned fourteen. He will be here to pick you up at noon. So go gather up your books and art supplies." Mrs. Alderson saged as Emery flew up he stairs with wild red hair bilowing behind her. Emery had such a wild soul, she worried that Mr. Roberts would bring her back.
Emery was in a fit. She hated the thought of leaving the orphanage. She loved it here, she had lots of friends and all the books she could read. It was peaceful, quiet, and she had lots of fun with the other orphans.
Even in her rage, she packed up her sketch pad, paint supplies, and pastels into bag. Her books from the giant booshelf in her room all fit into another suitcase. All her clothes, which wasn't much fit into a small duffle bag. Emery checked the clock that read a minute before noon. She trugged down the stairs like she was a child going to the dentist. She dreaded about how Mr. Roberts would be like.
All of the orphans were lined up outside, waiting to see Emery off. Either the orphans were happy to see you off, or they were jelous that they weren't the ones being adopted.
Emery stood next to Mrs. Alderson as a black lexus drove up. Mr. Roberts climbed out of the car and came around to shake hands. Emery didn't like him one bit, probably because he look like he was foreign. He had short black hair, a well taylored siut on, and dark tan skin. He was an imposing sight, helped by being 6' 3".
"Hello, you must be Emery. A pleasure to meet you." Mr. Roberts voice was deep and had an accent that she could not place.
Emery glared at him with cold green eyes that normally sparkled with mischief. Her hands were firmly planted on her hips. "Hey, I didn't ask to be adopted."
"My, you've got spirit!" Mr. Roberts exlaimed. "Emery, manners!" Mrs. Alderson said. Emery just rolled her eyes at this. "I hope her spirit won't make you bring her back." Said Mrs. Alderson quietly.
"Oh, don't worry, I don't plan on coming back." Said Mr. Roberts wih a chuckle. "As if we'll be able to return to Earth after we leave." This he said in a whisper almost to himself. But Emery heard it, and felt a shiver go down her spine. There was a hidden message that she didn't like one bit. Emery feared for her future. "Here are my bags. Are we leaving or not?" Emery said this without a trace of kindness as she was still glaring daggers at him. "Yes, go on and sit in the front of the car. I'll be right there."
There was a small chorus of goodbyes as the orphans left to go inside. "Be good Emery! Don't cause trouble!" Called Mrs. Alderson as she left.
"Goodbye all of you! I'll never forget you!" Emery called after them. She had a few tears rolling down her cheeks as she climbed into the car.
Emery looked back as they drove away from the lovely house and countryside. She realized that if Mr. Roberts words were true, she would never return. Emery gave a small wave of goodbye as she left the only home she had ever known. Worring about the future she faced.
Hope you liked it. Please dont be mad if its not perfect. Its my first. Please comment on what you think Emery's fate is!