
Wingston Harbor was located on a very small, uncharted island. This microscopic island only has 1,567 people living on it. It was founded in 1883 by Fredrick Wingston. Fredrick Wingston came from a long line of fishermen, and wanted the island to become a fishing port. Well, he got his wish. That's the only reason this place isn't broke. The fish are getting us big bucks to keep the electricity and water going.
Most girls my age would want to take the next ferry out of here, but I don't want to leave Wingston Harbor. It's my home. The only place I've ever known. Besides, the Internet is a great place to explore the world. Plus, Wingston Harbor's Candy Shop is the only place where I can get sea glass candy. Candy greatly triumphs over the outside world in my mind.
On the island, everyone has a role. My family's role was running the only breakfast and bed inn on the island. My mom named it The One Bed and Breakfast. Pretty funny right? My mom's sense of humor was endless. I had to get it from somewhere I guess. Well, I'm not 100 percent sure I got my sense of humor from my mom. I was adopted from Korea when I was a six-months-old.
"Hyuna!" My mom yelled, "Erin's here waiting for you."
I rolled my eyes. Mom was the only one who called me Hyuna. Everyone usually just called me Lee because of my last name. My parents wanted to keep me in touch with my Korean culture but also have there own mark on me. That's how I became Hyuna Lee-Johnson.
"I'm coming!" I shouted.
I checked over my outfit before leaving. It was the last day of school so naturally everyone dressed fancier to make that final impression on all our peers. Even with that said, my outfit wasn't much different from what I usually wore. A pair of jean shorts, a navy blue shirt, and a cheep pearl necklace my great aunt Phillis gave me. I grabbed my black vans and started to head towards the dinning area. When I got there, I saw Erin stuffing his face with pancakes. Wait...PANCAKES?!?!? I love pancakes! I whipped around to look at my mom. She never made pancakes. She said if I wanted them so much I should make them myself.
Mom laughed. "I made them for your last day of school."
"Why? You never make breakfast."
"You deserve it. My baby is going to be junior in high school!" Mom kissed my cheeks. "Now stop complaining, and eat your pancakes."
She handed my a plate of pancakes with some sea glass candy on the side. My smile split my face. If there was anything I loved more than pancakes it was sea glass candy. I am completely obsessed with it. I love the taste and the feel of it. I couldn't go a day with eating at least two pieces. Erin said that I must lace drugs into the candy because when I don't eat some, I get extremely cranky. Not many people get my sea glass candy obsession.
"Lee, dude, if you eat any slower the slug I saw on the side of the road three miles back will catch up with us. Let's go!" Erin whined.
I didn't respond, but started to eat even slower. Erin grabbed my arm and pulled me out of the chair. Laughing, Erin and I said goodbye to my mom and started to walk to school.Yes, walk. Wingston Harbor was so tiny you could fart and the whole island would smell it.
Erin and I talked about nothing really. He got crabby though, when he saw what I was wearing.
"Bro, what is wrong with you? It's the last day of school and you're dressed like a bum. Even Kevin the Douchebag is wearing a a grey t-shirt!"
"Kevin the Douchebag is wearing something lighter than black?" I asked, baffled. Kevin the Douchebag always wore black!
"Yup. "
"We all can't be fashionistas now can we Erin Wingston?"