
22:30 Garcia sends a group call "avengers assemble!!" It reads. The team gets there in minutes all standing around one desk chatting while Garcia and Hotch are busy setting up the team brief in the round table room. Reid walks over to the coffee machine where a young woman stands about 32-34 she is thin and has long Dark brown hair and is wearing a black shirt a few inches above her knees and black leggings with a Red top and a black leather jacket with rolled up sleeves and black ankle boots."Come on" she mutters under her breath. "Uh here" Reid says hitting the on switch at the wall (for the plug at the coffe machine) "Thanks, I'm a little special sometimes" she laughs light heartedly "hey I'm sorry for sounding like a nut job but it's Spencer right?" "Uh yea yea it is....oh Rachel!" "Thought you'd recognise me at some point" Rachel Laughs hugging Reid "It's been about 17/16 years how are you?!" Rachel smiles "Actually it's been 16 years 239 days 18 hours since we last-" "Since we last saw each other well nerd you haven't changed a bit!" "How have you been?" Reid asked Still trying to hide a smile at seeing Rachel again. "I'm good. It's coming up for Cameron's 17 so yea." "Steven freaking out?" "Mega I'm just like well he's your kid not my problem." Rachel and Reid both laugh loudly.-back with the team-"Hey looks like pretty boys gotta girl" Morgan sniggers nudging Garcia"Shut the front door" says Garcia jaw dropping "wow she's like really pretty I'm gonna go see who she is." "Whoa we're coming." Says JJ as Morgan and Garcia start to move JJ and Rossi Start to follow "Hello stranger!" Says Rossi Tapping Rachel on the shoulder."Oh my god Uncle Rossi!" Rachel hugged Rossi and they both laughed."Hotch said I might be seeing you here""Hey don't forget about us!" Says JJ "Oh my God JJ, Morgan it's been forever!" Rachel hugs JJ and Fist bumps Morgan "your back still sore from the fight?" "Hey I let YOU win." Morgan smirks "Oh I'm SURE you did Supervisory special agent Morgan!" Rachel Chuckles "Hey um anyone gonna introduce me?" Garcia waves her hand up as Morgan Wraps one arm around Reid."So Pretty boy you know Rachel Too huh?""Yea,yea we went to collage together.""Oooohh collage Sweethearts ay?" Morgan Teases"Come on Morgan leave Spencer Alone we where just good friends.""Oh I'm sure you where." Morgan say smacking kissy noises"I will hurt you and by hurt I do not mean break your nose Derek I mean snap your neck here!" Rachel smiles"And there she is the old Rachel we know and love." Chants JJ"Hate to break up the reunion but Case time." Hotch says Smiling at Rachel. Rachel smiles back."Did he just smile???!!!!" Garcia whispers to Reid "Yea Rachel's dad Was basically Hotches Mentour when he first joined the BAU her dad treated him like family."