
The world is the most beautiful thing in the face of this planet and people cherish what is around their surroundings because there are places that are worth the human eye to see. Even if you are an individual who is full of adventure or perhaps you have a bond with nature, you will always look for the most astonishing thing that has captured the eye within its beauty.
As us humans, as we wake up in the morning, we are greatful and thankful to god for letting us live another day but not everyone has the same luck as others. Sadly some of us humans don't live to see the light of day the next morning, that's life though, we are born, we grow up, and then we grow old and die.
That's the human cycle.
Do you remember how everything in your life played out? Your first day of school, your first embarrassment, your first kiss, your first girlfriend/boyfriend, your graduation, or perhaps your first job. At that point of your life you didn't think nothing will ever go wrong and you would probably think that your on top of the world.
You were unstoppable.
But what if all of a sudden those things are taken away from us with just a blink of an eye. What will you do? What if one day you wake up to a living nightmare that replaced those beautiful memories that you were so use to seeing. What if you stopped hearing those melodies you were accustomed listening to every morning, a flock of birds chirping to their favorite harmony with the rest of the choir. What if you wake up to realize that everything you had once is now gone and whatever it was you tried to do to obtain it back, it was impossible to ever achieve.
The world is like that now, changed, a world where humans barely exist and a world where our kind was replaced by something demonic. Those beautiful melodies you would use to hear in the morning were all replaced by horrifying grunts and raspy moans that overpowered everything else from the world. And as destruction took place world wide, that's when we realized that all hope for humans vanished and slumbered into darkness.
The human population has approximately reached down to about a fifteen percent and it is rare to find another human on the road without being infected from the deadly virus. Every turn you take consists of bumping with one of the infected and its either kill them or be their favorite appetizer for lunch.
Society right now is based on grouping with the right people and continuing on forward to survival and looking for a cure that will end the world's misery. We live amongst the survivalists and the amateurs, sadly from what I've seen, those who are the weakest from the group turn into bait. Sounds a bit morbid but it has to be done, its either sacrifice the weakest or get eaten.
You know how they say that your life flashes before your very eyes? Well occasionally that is happening to me right now as I struggled to get this horrid creature off of me before it eats me alive. As the infected got closer and closer to my flesh, memories from the past flashed and emerged in my mind, and the smell of rotten flesh protruding from its eaten away skin was nauseating to my senses. Trying to push the creature away from me with all my strength I had left, I heard a sudden whisper and rapid rustling of leaves that were dried up on the ground.
A whistle was then heard and immediately the infected turned towards the noise and was then shot in the head, making all of the creature's rotten blood splatter on my face. Due to the gun shot that was used to kill the infected I was temporarily deaf and there was this ringing noise in my ear that was driving me insane and making me lose my conscious.
The moment I stood up I felt quite dizzy and my eye sight was starting to blur up. I tried walking forward but stumbled upon a tree's root and tripped to the ground with an impact. Opening and closing my eyes repeatedly I attempted to get up again but something rather blunt struck me with force on the back of my head. Causing me to crumble back to ground and next to the creature's dead body.