
"Cody, I'll be back in a few. Im going for a jog in the woods!" I yelled to my roommate.
"Okay, make sure your home before the sun sets, we don't want to be late for the New School year party." He repplied as I steped out the door.
I nodded and closed the door. We were starting a new high school year and every year they have a party for people to get to know wach other and for the new students.
Of course this is my second year here so I just went to help the new kids meet other people. My name is Jack by the way, I am 16 years old, with brown spikey hair and blue eyes. I am also a werewolf, by the way.
I walked down the stairs past some really good dressed new kids and out the door. I always go for a run in the forest, but usualy in the morning. I didn't have time this morning cause I had to help put the party decorations up so I'm going for one now.
I ran past the school fences and into the woods behind the school taking a deep breath of the warm fresh air and beautiful tree smell. I quickly changed into my wolf form and started running. It was awesome feeling the wind blow threw my fur.
I ran for about six minutes till I heard a loud thump. I got curious and went to wear I heard the sound, and changing back to my human form. By the way I was wearing clothes, who ever thought when werewolfs go from wolf to human and think that we are naked. They are completely wrong.
I hid behind a bush and loked into a clearing in the woods. There were mabye five guys circling a girl.
"Come on connor, I don't have time for this I have to get to a party." The girl said.
She had long, silky brown hair, and green eyes. She was wearing a white tank top and black skinny jeans with white cow girl ankel boots.
"Cat you know we can't do that. The boss still wants you. You know you can't run from him." Connor said taking a step twords Cat.
"He can't even catch me. What makes you think he'll get me." She sassed making me laugh in my head so they didn't hear.
"Cause he know's I have never lost a fight." Connor bragged.
"Hey, let me make that number change." She said now looking annoyed.
She quickly grabbed his arm flipping him over and onto the ground. She was about to put her foot on his chest before he was behind her grabbing her by her neck.
"Now I know why you haven't lost a fight. You were fighting humans and your a vampire. I wonder how my blood would taste to a vampire." She said pulling a knife out and cutting her wrist.
"Is she stupid, she won't be able to survive if a vampire drinks all her blood. We all know vampires can't help themselves." I yelled inside my head.
Connor with out a thought went for her hand and bit his fang deep into her skin. He drank for about a second before falling to the ground dead.
"Ba bam. Can't drik my blood. Im a phoenix, idiot." She laughed.
"You'll pay for killing him." Another kid from the group screamed running at her.
"No I won't" she sassed grabbing his head and banging it into his.
He fell to the ground as the others started to circle Cat. She smiled and raised her large white wings into the air. Her wings quickly lit on fire and the guys all took a step back.
Cat now had large iorn gloves on her hands that had a sharp end at each finger lkke claws. She slashed at all the vampires making them turn to ash.
"Now I have to get to a party." She said flying into the air and disappearing.