
It was getting dark and Jessica was packing her things. She was the only one left on the set. Well, that's what she thought. She was about to leave and go home, when suddenly Danny appeared behind her. "Hey" he said. Jessica jumped "Hey! You scared me.What are you doing here so late?" she asked him. "I'm sorry." he smiled "I didn't mean to scare you. I was just about to go home but then I saw you're still here and I came in to say Hi." he answered. "Oh well I was just leaving.. want to walk me to the car?" she asked. "Sure." he smiled at her. They walked quietly not really knowing what to talk about. When they arrived to Jessica's car, they stood there for a while and finally Jessica decided to break the silence and said "Well it's getting late, so I should probably go." "Yeah me too. See you tomorrow then." he smiled at her. "See you tomorrow." she smiled back, opened the door of her car and sat on the driver's seat. She waved at him and drove away. On the way home, she caught herself thinking about him. She said to herself "Stop that. You work with him and he was just being friendly and he walked you to the car. Nothing else."
When she arrived home she went straight to the bedroom. She undressed herself and put on only a T-shirt. She then went to the kitchen, grabbed some ice cream and turned on the TV. She saw Bonneville was on but she never liked to watch herself on the TV. She ate the ice cream and fell into her bed. She was really tired but somehow she was unable to sleep. She was thinking about Danny again. When she was around him, he made her feel so nice and safe. But he was her working partner and she honestly couldn't imagine him feeling the same way about her. She knew it was really late and she had to be on set early but she just couldn't fall asleep. She was laying on her bed and staring at the wall. Finally, she managed to fall asleep at 3 am. Next morning she woke up early. She ate her breakfast really fast and then went upstairs to get dressed. She took a short black dress out of her closet and a pair of black stilettos. She put on some mascara and lipstick, sprayed herself with some parfume and straightened her hair. She took her things, walked to the car and drove to the set.
Hi guys! So this is my first fan fiction and I'm sorry I know it's short I just didn't really know what to write. And I'm sorry for my English I'm actually from Europe, Slovenia :) Hope you'll enjoy my story. I'll try to update as soon as I can.