
Mabel and Dipper were downstairs talking to Stan while Zoe and I were in the Twins' bedroom.

Mackenzie: great were messing everything up!

Zoe: chill out! Stop worrying so much. This could be the best summer of our lives, if you would take a break from worrying all the time.

I cant believe I'm saying this, but Zoe was right. I was over reacting. I started to calm down.

Mackenzie: ok I'll relax. I guess this is a pretty good way to start off the summer. It's not like everyday you find a portal opening up to you favorite show.

Zoe: finally. Thanks for calming down.

Mackenzie: no problem.  How long are we gonna stay here?

Zoe: probably until the portal opens back up again.

Then we we hear the nob on the door twist. Mabel and Dipper enter the room.

Mabel: hey, do you guys want to join us and are friends going to the love god concert tonight?

Zoe: sure.

Mabel: great. We'll if we want to make it we should leave.

we all leave. when we get there I see Dipper and Mabel go to get something from love god. its probably the part were that whole crazy Goose chase went on. We never really got to see the concert because every one was fightinG, until Thomson started to get chased at by the security guards which brought everyone together. Zoe even got to be good friends with Wendy. The only friend I ever had was Zoe. Now I feel like I have a bunch of new friends. Anyway now we go back to the mystery shack.

Mackenzie: that was, like the best night I ever had!

Mabel: finally people accept the new match.

Zoe: *yawns* ?that was truly an amazing night. But I think I'm ready for some sleep now.

Dipper: me to, Mabel we need to set up the mattresses.

While me and Zoe downstairs talking in the living room, Mabel and Dipper were setting up the mattresses.

Mabel's P. O.V

Mabel: hey, Dip?

Dipper: yeah

Mabel: do you like one of the girls? Like Mackenzie or Zoe.

Dipper: um, no. Why would I? I mean I like them as friends. But why would it be more?

Mabel: well I was actually thinking you might like Zoe, because of how much she looks like...