
*Kiras POV*
October 19th
"That was the last box, dad!" I shouted as I placed the last box on the kitchen counter that labeled "KITCHEN SUPPLIES". It was a long day today so I decided to pick up some drinks for my parents, my little brother, and I at McDonalds. "Be right back!" I yelled as I closed the front door.
McDonalds is a like a 8 minute walk from here but I am not trynna unpack all those boxes to make a dang cup of coffee. As I walked, I started to think about the school I was attending, Green Waters High. I think I remember watching a girl fight on YouTube that took place in that school.. Better not mess with that blonde chick, she was not holding back .
Without even realizing, I arrived at McD's. As I opened the door, my ears were blasted with the sounds of annoying ass teenagers. I forgot it was Monday since I decided to help out at home. I walked up to the extremely long ass line , and waited. When all of a sudden, I feel someone breathing on my neck.. I was about to turn around anlongive a nigga a dirty ass look but then stopped. I turn around to see a cute boy around my age.
"My bad" he says as he smiled . "It's alright" I said as I blushed. We talked for a while as the line got shorter. "So what highschool do you go to" He asked. "Green Waters High. I just moved here so it's gonna be my first day tomorrow". "Foreal? That's the school I go to. Maybe I can show you around" He said winking causing me to laugh when a girl with dirty blonde hair comes up us. "What's taking so long, Jay?" She says in a whiney voice. Shitballs. Thats the girl in that YouTube video. I clear my thoughts and apoligize to the cashier.
"Thank you" I say to the cashier as I grabbed the cup holder and my receipt. I waved to Jaden and left. I walked home humming to the song "Bubbly" (I love that song). I knocked on my front door and the door swung open as my dad took the cups and handed one to my mom and one to to Asher(my little brother). I walked towards the bathroom as I heard my dad yell a thank you. I entered the shower letting the cold water hit my face. After finishing, I put on some PJ's and tried to get some sleep. Then my eyes shot open realizing i forgot my purse at McDonalds. Could've bought like 6 bags of takis with the money that was in there.
*Jadens POV*
As I grabbed my receipt, I noticed an purse. I think it belonged to that girl Kira I met today. I'll give it to her tomorrow at school. I grabbed the plate of food and sat down with my squad (Malak,River, Kimi, Tayvion, Noah and Ben). "Scoot over jit" I playfully said to Tay. "Whole you callin' jit, jit?" Tay said scrunching his nose. Everyone laughed when Ben interrupted. "Who was that girl you were talking to?" He asked. River popped her head up and looked just as curious as Ben. "Some new girl that I was breathing on.." What the hell did I just say. "You would understand if you were there.. Never mind" I just stopped talking and ate my fries.
*Bens POV*
Jaden noticed me staring at him. And ima keep staring at him.I can tell Jaden liked that girl. And I'm about to not give a fuck 'cause I like her too . If it's war you want my brother, it is war you shall revieve. I evily laugh to myself and notice everyone staring at me. I sipped my soda and began to laugh again, MWAHAHA.
First chapter✔If you guys are enjoying it so far, like&comment. ;)Thaaanks :)