
Mackenzie : what should we do for now?

Zoe: ooh! Let's go see what's happening at Northwest Mansion!

Mackenzie: I'm not sure about that. What if Pacifica find us. Telling that there seems to be no one at the Mystery Shack, I think we haven't reached the episode were Pacifica changed.

Zoe: we'll then what episode do you think were in?

so I'm kinda like a girly girl/ nerd then Zoe Is just the cool one.

Mackenzie: Well let's see, no one is at the mystery shack, but I think I might of caught a glimpse of Stan talking to Soos. Plus I saw a bunch of hot air balloons.

Zoey: were in season 2 episode 9. This is before the Northwest annual party.

Mackenzie: oh, this is the episode with the love potion And Robbie and Tambry get together.

Zoe: I never realized how perfect they were for each other.

Mackenzie: wait, love potion? We really need to make sure to stay out of the way.

Zoe: why?

Mackenzie: what if one of the characters ends up falling in love with one of us or one of us ends up falling in love with one of them?!

Zoe: relax Mack. that will never happen.

Mackenzie: well, just in case, don't eat anything pink or sparkly.

Zoe: can we at least go to the diner.

Mackenzie: fine.

We head over to greasy diner. I hope we don't accidentally eat that pink stuff Mabel stole from the Love God.  Me and Zoe grab a booth and look at the menu. It was BASICLY just a "what type of pancake do you want menu" I look at the booth behind me and notice who was sitting in it. Oh my gosh. It was Mabel. She was wearing a rainbow sweater a purple skirt, she had pinkish earrings, and a purple head Band. Mabel seemed to be really sad. It must be the part of the episode were none of her match making things are working. I notice another booth were Tambry and Robbie were sitting at. They both had disgusted looks, and Tambry was texting something.

Mackenzie: um, did you notice whose behind us Zoe?

Zoe: yep. This is the best day ever!

I missed se da bit but then me and Zoe notice Mabel walk up to Tambry and Robbie's table with a plate of fries with pink powder on it. HOW DID THEY NOT SEE THE PINK POWDER?! Anyway me and Zoe watch as Tambry and Robbie eat the fires and fall in love. It was actually kinda cute. We follow Mabel to a garage were Wendy and her friends are hanging out. Then me and Zoe are just behind something whispering to each other.

Zoe: Mackenzie, this is my chance. This is my chance to meet my favorite character.

Mackenzie: we can't interfere. It will mess Gravity Falls.

Zoe: that only happens and Movies and shows.

Mackenzie: I think you forgot, we are in a show.

We we watch as everyone leaves.c we stand up and start to leave too. But we made a mistake. We showed are selves, and they caught us.

