

Dipper:  funny, I thought it was lying about founding the town.

Pacifica: DONT TOUCH THAT.

Dipper and Pacifica start going to the "problem room" they enter. Litteraly Zoey and I are right there but keeping out of sight. Anyway The room was way more creepy and scary in person.

Dipper: woah.

Pacifica: this is the main room where "it's" been happening.

Dipper: yep, this looks like the kinda of room that would be haunted alright. I wouldn't be worried though. Ghost fall under a 10 category scale. Floating plates sounds like a category one.

Pacifica: so what? Are you going to boar him back in to the after life by reading from this book?

Dipper: just gotta splash this sucker with some anointed water, and he should be out of you probably fake blonde hair.

Oh oh I remember this part. One of my favorites. Ha, it does look a bit fake.

Pacifica: what was that about my hair?!

Dipper ee ghost detector starts ringing.

Dipper: sh! Im Picking something up.

Dipper walks up in front of the fireplace which has a picture of a lumber jack on top . The lumber jack had no pupils, just plain white EYS. I felt shivers down my spine. Dippers ghost device was flowing but then stops "oh come on" he says. It starts glowing again but when he looks up the lumberjack DISSAPEARD, trust me it seems scarier when you're actually in the situation then watching it on tv.

Dipper: uh, Pacifica?

He he turn his head and realizes blood falling in front of Pacifica.

Pacifica: ah! *gasped*

she looked up and realize the stuffed animal above had blood falling out its mouth. Pacifica backed up then both her and Dipper were standing in front of the fire which got larger, then the stuffed animals on the wall started chanting "ANCENT SIMS , ANCIENT SIMS, ANCIENT SIMS, ANCIENT SIMS, ANCIENT SIMS"
pacifica ca and Dipper end up I the middle of room surrounded by floating objects.

Pacifica: Dipper what is this?!

Dipper: it's the category ten

then the bottle of anointed water broke. They screamed. Pacifica held on to Dipper's arm in shock while Dipper was panicky shaking his head.
Now the stuffed animal head start talking "ancient blood blackend skies. Forest dark once more shall rise!"