
as we all [Zoe, me(Mackenzie), Mabel, Dipper,Candy and Grenda] leave last, because Dipper was still Talking to Pacifica we hear a loud shriek. We all think the ghost is back. We decide to go back To see what happened.

Mackenzie: man, that shriek was loud. Do you guys think the ghost came back?

Dipper: sounded more like a shriek of pain then a shriek of fear.

Mabel: it sounds like it came from a room on the second floor.

*shriek* Ps. Candy and Grenda had to go home so now its just Zoe, me, Mabel, and Dipper. *shriek*

Zoe: why is it so loud?!

We followed the noise behind the mansion, but we dint see anything. But then we heard something else. It sounded like someone was sobbing. We looked up.

Mackenzie: hey, the crying is coming from that window.

We saw a vine and all started climbing it, then all four of us were in front of the window. We looked inside and it was a bedroom full of purple and pink. We notice a blonde girl on a bed sobbing. She turns around and we realize it's Pacifica. She was crying like a lot.

Mabel: I don't understand. A 5 minutes ago she was fine. But now she's crying?

Dipper: I don't understand it either. Does any one have any guesses.

Before me or Zoe could answer, the nob on the door that was closing the bedroom was turning. Pacifica held up her hands in front of her. It looked like she was trying to defend herself. When the door opened, it was her father who came in. What happened next was un believable. Right there in from of our faces we saw as Pacifica got hit and beaten by her father. We ducked are heads but still not to far down so we could see. This was shocking for all of us. When Pacifica's father left, she sobbed more and more.

Mackenzie: um, maybe we should do something.

Dipper: what can we do?

Mabel: I can't belI eve her father! Poor Pacifica. Her parents are jerks!

i couldn't take it anymore. I was really steamed off now. I knew that Pacifica parents were idiots, but I didn't know they were that bad. I decided to knock on the window to get Pacifica's attention


