
Sorry I haven't updated in a while. I didn't know people would like this book. I was about to abandon until I saw in the comments people begging for me to continue. So yeah. Enjoy the chapter
________

Mackenzie's POV

Pacifica shreds another tear.
Pacifica: I don't want to talk about it
Just then I something starts ringing in the pocket of my skirt. I notice my phone was still working. We may be in another world. But our world is still going on at the same time.
Mackenzie: hello
I answer. My father responds. "Where are you"
Mackenzie: I'm... Um... At the park...?
I say more like a question.
"You better be back by 9 or your grounded. "
Mackenzie: ok *hangs jp*
Zoe, we gotta go.
Zoe: aww. But how are we gonna get to the portal.
Then I remembered that we had lied to the gravity falls characters.
Mackenzie: ZOE!
I warned.
Zoe: oops
Mabel: wha-
Dipper: what portal?
Pacifica: great, more gravity falls weirdness.
Mackenzie: me and Zo, aren't from this dimension. In our world you guys are on tv. Here,
I give them a link to the show on youtube. They're in present times, they have laptops.
Pacifica: wait, so were all just a bunch of made up characters
Wow. The way Pacifica puts it sounds really harsh.
Zoe: yep.
Mackenzie: we really have to go. Or I'll be grounded for the rest my life.
Zoe: but how do we get back to the portal.
Mackenzie: wish for it?
Zoe: that won't work.
Mackenzie: JUST TRY IT!
Zoe: ok, geez... Pushy.
It's kinda a thing we share. When me and Zoe get nervous we hold onto our necklaces.
Zoe: it isn't working.
We both tried saying out loud " I wish for the portal back home to appear in front of us"
We almost gave up, until a sparkle is seen in front of us. I got really happy and hyper.
Mackenzie: IT WORKED!
Zoe: it worked...? Oh crap, it really worked.
But then, everything was being sucked into the portal even the characters of gravity falls. We, Pacifica, Dipper and Mabel got sucked in. We were on the floor in front of my house. . I got up and noticed them behind me.
Mackenzie: oh CHIZ!