
Mackenzie's POV
Great just great. Characters of gravity falls were brought to our world. Now there stuck here and it all my fault! I worried so much about getting back home, that I couldn't even think about what would happen if we opened the portal.  Zoe keeps telling me it's alright, we all make mistakes, but bringing people back from another dimension without knowing is to big of a mistake. It's all my fault.
Zoe: Welcome to Upstate New York sleep away camp, peeps.
As the twins and Pacifica oohed and awed at the new kind if sleep away camp I was thinking of a way to get them back to Oregon. I remember when we were staying at the mystery shack, and Mabel having a friendship charm bracelet. She had given one to Pacifica as well. I wonder if at all this is like 'Teen Beach movie: with the real world and West side story'. Of course it doesn't. I just have to have them stay here until some kind of miracle happens. Pacifica and Mabel start to make friends as well as Dipper. Me and Zoe just keep an eye on them. The cabin ages separated boys from girls. So if anyone needed to say anything that other gender couldn't hear they could.
I slept on the upper bunk and Mabel slept on the lower bunk. On another bunk bed, Pacifica sat in the lower bunk, and Zoe sat on upper. So me and her were able to face eachother. The cabin was pretty big for its name. It wasn't wood. It's was a big white building. Something like in frost valley. We were all in one room and others were in we'll others. Mabel wanted to make this a party. Me and Zo didn't mind. We were playing Never ever with grapes. It was Zoe's turn.
Zoe: I have never ever made fun of someone who became one of my friend
Zoe and Pacifica picked a grape. Pacifica looked confused at Zoe.
Zoe: when me and Mack were 7, I used to bully her.becuase that was the only road I knew. Mack showed me the good way. Without her, I would've stayed the way I was and maybe would've become worse without her.  We became best friend friends at 8 and a half.
Pacifica: if me and Mabel are on a tv show, I assume you guys already know about us.
Me and Zo nod remembering about how <Pacifica used to bully Mabel about how How Mabel lived in a shack and that she was silly. But in the episode golf war, Mabel have made and affect on Pacifica, that grew at the party> Mabel gave Zoe a bracelet that matched the others, we sat in a square, a square of friends who delt with the same things. It was now Mabel's turn.
Mabel: never have I ever had feelings for someone.
And of curse Mabel took a grape, but then so did Pacifica, then Zoe looked like she was arguing her self whether to take a grape or not, then I took a grape. A grin started to appear on Mabel's face. Zoe then finally decided to take a grape. I could see, that she didn't want to lie as much as she use to.
Mabel: all of you need to spill.
Mackenzie: I used to like this boy, who had light brown hair, green eyes. But, it was long ago, I don't even remember his name.
Mabel looked over at Zo.
Zoe: I had feeling for a guy 3 years older than me.
Mabel: so like how Dipper likes Wendy.
Me and Zo weren't fans of Wendip. We supported Dipcifica. And with that we remembered Pacifica was in the room.
Pacifica: Dipper has a crush on Wendy?
She asked with a slight frown. Mabel didn't know anything that had happened with Pacifica and Dipper at the part. So Mabel was confused by Pacifica's frown.
Mabel: yep. Why are you frowning?