
Mabel started to get the hint though.
Mabel: wait a minute...
She examined Pacifica's facial expression. Pacifica realized what Mabel was doing.
Pacifica: well, who do you like Mabel?
She asked quickly before Mabel could come to a conclusion.
Mabel: Mermando, now back to you.
Mabel also said quickly. Although me and Zo already knew.
Mabel: OMIGOSH!
Mabel almost made a loud squeal, but luckily Zo covered her mouth to seal the squeal in.
Zoe: shh. Some people in the cabin are already asleep. They could hear us.
Zoe took her hand away from Mabel's mouth.
Mabel nodded, but she did a little squeal instead.
Mabel: Ciff, I figured out that you like...
Pacifica tried to find away not to hear Mabel's conclusion, but she couldn't, even what she covered her ears.
Mabel: Dipper.
'KNEW IT!' I thought to myself. I could tell Zo was thinking the same thing.
Pacifica: uh...
Pacifica tried to hide the side of her faces that were bright tomato red.
We all giggled a bit.
Mabel: but how?
Pacifica gave in and told Mabel everything. The AKWARD hug moment, the way she ran to the entrance when Dipper returned, the way Dipper saved Pacifica with the mirror, the way Dipper told Pacifica she didn't have to be like her parents, just everything.
Mabel: wow. Now that I picture it in my head, you and Dip do make a cute couple.
This is the time where me and Zo decided to tell them about how there are shippers. I was finishing up explaining.
Mackenzie: and thats it.
Mabel: what kinda ships do they have.
Mackenzie: there's Mermabel, Dipcifica, Wendip, Gidabel...
Zoe continued for me.
Zoe: Candip, Billdip, Mabill, Incest (aka pincest and twincest) ,
Pacifica and Mandl: what's incest?
Me and Zo looked apart each other with worried faces. I decided to show them pictures on my phone from online.
Mabel: eew! I can't believe people ship me and my brother. That's gross.
Pacifica was a gagging a bit at the pictures.
Pacifica: these pictures are very disturbing. Can we see cute ones instead of disturbing ones.
I decided to show them the best ones, the ones were none of them were disturbing and it was just cute. I showed them Mermabel and Dipcifica. They awed at the pictures. Like as if they were looking at adorable puppies and kittens.
Mabel: I miss Mermando
Pacifica: I'm sure you do Mabes. Maybe when we get back home, I can't help you find him.
Mabel: thanks Ciff.
Pacifica smiled as so did Mabel. Me and Zo were so happy that they were friends now. They reminded us a lot of us.