
Mabel's POV
a portal sparkles up out of nowhere,'the next second we're all sucked in. We enter another dimension. Nothing looks as colorful as it was in Gravity Falls. I look down at my hands, and notice that I have five fingers. What the fudge. Where the heck are we? I get up and watch as the others get up from the ground too. In front of us stood a smallish-biggish house. It wasn't huge or fancy, so it waning a mansion. It wasn't tiny and crook-it so it wasn't a shack eaitheir. It's was two-storied,us an attic, with a front and back yard, with tall white dances around it. The house was brownish-reddish made out of bricks.
Zoe: Mack? Are we back?
Mackenzie: I think so. But look. We brought the characters from the other world.
Zoe looked at me and the others to realize that we now looked like them.
Zoe: oh my gosh. They don't look like a cartoon anymore. What do we do?!
Mack: I don't know. What day is it?
Zoe looks on her phone at calendar.
Zoe: Monday, June 29.
Mackenzie: we have sleep away camp today. What are we going to do with the twins and Pacifica? We can't just leave them to be seen.
Zoe: you never know, maybe they won't be recognized. They do look like us now.
Mackenzie: but, where are they gonna stay? My parents will flip if they see unknown people at our house. I'll be grounded when I'm already dead.
Zoe: then I guess we have no choice
Mackenzie: oh no. No no no. We can't.
Pacifica: can't what?
Pacifica said with curiosity. Dipper stood next to Pacifica also confused and curious. I stood a but behind them.
Pacifica: where are we?
Mackenzie: *sigh* Welcome to Brooklyn, New York.
Zoe: you guys know what a sleep away camp is, right?
We nod like its obvious.
Mackenzie: well you guys are gonna have to come with us until we can't get the portal to open again.
Dipper: can't you guys just wish for the portal.
They tried doing what they did before, but it didn't work.
Zoe: it's not working.
Mackenzie: this is bad. There stuck here now.
Mabel: were just gonna have to come with you guys, until something happens.
Mackenzie sighed, and we followed her onto a school bus. We passed a sign that said " now going to sleep away camp in upstate, New York.