
description of characters: Mackenzie has wavy long dark brown hair and dark brown eyes. She is a bit of a girly girl. She wore a pink blouse with a blue skirt. She had a neclace with a blue gem. Zoe had long dirty blonde hair with blue eyes. she sorta looked like Pacifica. She wore a red t-shirt with Purple jeans. She had a neclace with a purple gem.

Hi I'm Mackenzie! So I'm really obsessed with the show "Gravity Falls".  Just like my best friend Zoe. This is the first day of summer. You know how every first day of summer you imagine the most perfect day, but the day you imagined turns out to be a total bummer? Well my first day was nothing like that! it wasn't how I imagined but it was certainly better! Right now now me and Zoey are in my bedroom talking about what to do, we were making list and plans. but something so weird happened.

Mackenzie: what should we do last?

Zoe: what are you talking about, we haven't even talked about what's first.

Mackenzie: I know. Looks like it's going to be the same old boring summer again

i was so bummed out, until A portal appeared in front of me and Zoe. It looked like the portal Stan's brother gets back from in the show.

Zoe: woah. How did that get here?

Mackenzie: dare me to go through?

Zoe started to chant "GO GO GO GO!" She said with a smile on her face.

I decided to jump through the portal. my eyes were closed. I expected to be on the other side meaning it didn't work, but when I opened my eyes, I saw... THE MYSTERY SHACK? I couldn't believe it! I was in Gravity Falls. I hear a thud behind me and looked back, and see Zoey had jumped through to, she opens her eyes.

Zoe: NO WAY!

Mackenzie: hey! Were animated!

Zoe: at least we didn't have to wait until late July to find out what happens in the next episode.

The portal dissapears

Mackenzie: how are we gonna get back?!

I as was always the worried one. Zoey was the lay backed one.

Zoe: come down! This is the best thing that has ever happened To us! Let's meet the character! It will be awesome to meet Wendy.

Mackenzie: are you crazy? We can't just interfere with characters from the show?!

Zoe: but what if they interfere with us? At some point that's gonna happen.

Mackenzie: let's just wait until that does happen.

Zoe: *sigh * fine.