
Anna went through all of the stages in about a minute, which was very weird to the group. Denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance she went through all of them. The first thing Anna wanted to learn was how to get the claws out. She had watched Malia learn, so she thought she knew what she had to do. Anna learned very quickly; with all her hours of watching Teen Wolf everything just came naturally to her. There was just one thing the group couldn't teach her that day, probably the most important thing to learn, control.
Anna was lucky she didn't get mad or angry at school, or else there would've been a lot of explaining to do to her parents and teachers.
Anna was a natural, and everyone could see it. She was super intelligent, knew everything that the group knew, and she was happy about the bite. Anna always dreamed about being a part of something like this; now she can be. There was one problem Anna had with this whole werewolf thing she couldn't tell Abby. She begged the group to let her tell Abby, but they wouldn't have it. Scott didn't know it but Anna was going to tell Abby; Anna knew that Abby was going to keep this secret.
Anna asked a lot of questions. She asked, "If all of this is real did you really get a tattoo?" She asked Stiles and Malia, "So you two really are dating?" She just had a hard time getting her head around everything. There was one question Anna was to afraid to ask, but she asked it anyway. "Did Allison really die?" The answer surprised her. "No she didn't", Scott laughed. The producers just wanted to get more ratings so they "killed" Allison. "Well that was a stupid way to get ratings; I cried for hours because of that", Anna complained. So where is Kira and Allison. The group looked at each other with sad eyes. Anna just found out that Kira had died and the episode was going to air in the new season. "So, if Allison never died did you still date Kira?, Anna asked Scott. Scott replied with a smile on his face, "Yes, I did, but now Allison and I are giving it another chance." Allison couldn't come she had problems with her dad, hunter thing.
After all of the annoying questions the group said that they would introduce Anna to their own families, but Anna couldn't go; she isn't a senior in high school she is a middle schooler. Her parents would never let her go out with some high school kids they never met. Hearing her mother come into the driveway, Anna remembered that everyone can not turn invisible, so she rushed everyone to go home.
Going to school the next day was weird. Anna could hear her heart beat get faster every time she looked at her crush, Oscar Valley. He wasn't the cutest guy in seventh grade, but he was one of the nicest guys which is saying something considering Oscar doesn't have a filter in his brain. Now Anna knew who Abby's crush was, because every time she looked at him her heart got very fast very quickly. It sounded like she was going to have heart problems in the future because of it. Anna couldn't believe who it was. It was Jax, Anna's nemesis, for some reason Jax always teased Anna. Since the first day of school, he just had something out for her. Anna confronted Abby about it. Anna lied to Abby and said she knew because of the way Abby looked at Jax. There was something wrong though. Jax came over to the girls, and Anna could hear his heart racing; Anna knew that Jax had a crush on Abby, Anna was disgusted. Anna lifted her head from Jax's chest, and she noticed he wasn't talking to Abby he was talking to her. Anna wasn't disgusted she was terrified. Jax had a crush on her! Anna had mixed feelings; she was upset, she was angry, and she  was disgustingly a little happy, so with all those feelings and being a new werewolf; Anna had claws and soon she would have fangs. Anna remembered the episode when Liam was having his first full moon. "Omega, Beta, Alpha", Anna repeated in her head, and it worked Anna had just learned control. There was still a huge massive problem. Anna's best friend's crush likes her. Oh no this can't be good.