
Anna was perfect from everyone else's point of view. She was an only child, she got anything she wanted, and she was one of the most smartest person in her middle school. For a thirteen year old that was like heaven, but Anna was always depressed. She always had these ridiculous expectations that she could never even get close to. Her parents expected her to be perfect, but she wasn't.
When she got home she did her homework and went onto the nearest piece of technology. Whether it was her smart phone, her iPad, or her laptop she always found her way to one. Television shows made her happy. She acted like she was one of the characters. Even if the character was having the worst day of their lives; Anna always saw how happy they were. Each character has someone that would do anything to protect one another. Anna has someone like that; her name is Abby. They were known as the "A's". They were complete opposites but they loved each other, they were best friends since day one.
Anna always walked home by herself. Abby lived on the other side of town. She used that time to stress about school. There was a black dog in the middle of the short cut that Anna always takes; and she put her hand out to touch it but it but her. She was in so much pain. She cried herself the rest of the way home. She cleaned the wound, and went straight to bed.
She woke up the next day and the whole wound was gone. There was no scar, no scab, there is nothing there that would indicate that there was ever anything there. She brushed it off and went to school as normal.
When she got to school she told Abby everything. Abut didn't believe anything that Anna was saying. Anna thought she must of had a weird dream where a dog bit her. She had a pretty weird day though; she could hear the girls in the bathroom down the hall and she could smell the pizza that was being delivered to the school when it was down the street. But she gave herself a reasonable explanation for everything. Everything changed when Anna walked into her room.