
The year is 2050 and heroes and villains are a real thing. Battles between the two are always being seen on the news. The government has had a bumpy road trying to contain them but they've finally crossed the line. What they're doing now is unfair! They're taking people with special abilities and isolate them. It doesn't matter how old you are if something unusual is detected in your DNA you are taken away. You could be a new born baby and they'll take you.
Like me, my name is Barry and I'm one of the special ones. I don't have any fancy powers, I can basically heal fast. Some people say that my powers will evolve, I thinks it's some bullshit they telling me to make me feel better about myself. Here at this camp there's all kinds of people with all kinds of special abilities, we're always being trained to control our abilities. Which is nice that we're learning to be better but why? Why do they want us too be stronger? I don't trust any of it, most people do but I don't trust any of them.
- Room 514 -
" Don't you get sick of this shit? "
" Of what? "
" This camp dude, not knowing anything of the outside world. Not even know who your parents are. "
" Yea but it's for the best of us. "
" Why are they deciding that for us? We have no choice, I was taken at birth like most people here! "
" Okay chill bro. "
" Nah Taylor, I'm leaving this place I don't know when but I'm leaving. "
- One Hour Later at Center -
At a table Barry, Taylor, Gwen, Petter, Tanya, and Megan were all sitting eating lunch. I sometimes I felt out of place, because of they're special abilities. Taylor had the power to control electricity. Tiffany was expirmented on, they expirmented on spiders and used them on her. Peter had super speed, this guy could run so fast that he could travel through walls. Tanya could control fire, she could even turn her whole body into flames. Megan she had an interesting set of powers she could shape her body into anything, such as weapons, animals, and monsters. I've been friends with these people ever since I could talk, we were all taken away from our parents, and don't know anything that's not this camp. But I think we've had enough we were leaving.
- Sometime Later -
" Gwen we have too get out of here. "
" Barry I want too, but how? "
" All six of us have to work together too escape. "
" Escape?! Are you mad? We don't know what's out there "
- One Hour Later -
All six of us were in a room together. I was explaining what I was thinking, I needed their help to come up with a plan to leave this place. After hours of discussing we came up with the perfect plan, we could not fail. We don't know what would happen to us if we try to escape and fail.
We started with Tanya, she was ready to start fires around the camp, not to burn it down or hurt anyone but as a distraction. While that was going on Peter was going to get in the main office and set off the emergency exits. Me and Gwen were gonna help people into safety. See how the camp was set up with the idea that us powered people could never leave so there emergency exits for the regulars and emergency exits for the mutants. So we were going get people to go to the wrong exit. They can't stop all of us. Taylor turned off all the power so it switched to the backup generators. Megan joined us and helped by attracting attention to us by making her hand humongous and pointed at the direction of the emergency exits.