
Anna put lunch in the back of her mind, and focused on telling Abby her secret. Anna went over Abby's house. Anna tried telling Abby many different ways in her head. Each one of them didn't sound right. Anna was super nervous.
Anna told Abby to sit down. They started to talk about Teen Wolf. Anna brought up the discussion if one of us got turned into a werewolf. Abby told Anna that they would be best friends, and they would help each other. Anna was very relieved. Finally, Anna told her best friend. Abby went crazy; she thought Anna was lying. But after Anna showed the eyes, reality set for Abby. Her best friend was a real werewolf.Abby took it surprisingly well, considering.
Then after the hard part, Anna told Abby about the Teen Wolf "cast", about Allison being alive, how everybody lived in Cerny, Anna told Abby everything. Well, not everything; she did not tell Abby about Jax that would crush her heart. Anna made Abby swear to secrecy, or else she would kill Abby. Anna was not kidding, the group threatened anyone who found out.
Telling everyone that Abby knows the secret wasn't going to be easy for Anna. So, Anna decided that what they don't know can't hurt them. Well, in this situation. Anna hardly did anything wrong, so this was eating at her conscience. Anna didn't sleep all night, and Jax having a crush on her wasn't helping either.
The next day Anna could hardly look at Jax; yes Anna usually thought he was pretty annoying, but she thought he was good company (most of the time). Anna really wanted to tell Abby the truth about Jax, but that would just break her very brave yet sensitive heart. The worst part was that Jax, Abby, and Anna had last period together and they would always talk to each other it was the best part of the day for all of them. Then this happened during last period, "I hope you get over Jax; he will just break your heart," Anna said to Abby. Anna not knowing this Jax could hear everything; even when Anna talked super quietly to Abby. All you could see was Jax have mixed emotions all over his face. It was very weird for Anna; she couldn't smell what he was feeling; it was like Jax didn't know what he was feeling. Anna  had know idea why Jax was so confused. Anna knew something wasn't right, and she was going to figure it out.
After the last bell, Anna and Abby always talked at Abby's locker. Out of nowhere, Jax comes up to them and asks, "Abby will you go out with me?"  "Yes," Abby replied!  Anna looked at Jax with the most unusual face ever made in history. "WHAT," Anna screams?! Jax looked at her with a smirk on his face. "Oh this isn't good, "Anna thought, and Anna was right this is not good.
After school, Anna walked home alone like always, but when she got there her bedroom was filled with the whole crew. Anna asked, "What now, I know everything I need to know in being a werewolf?" "Whoa," Anna thought she had never really let it sink in. Scott goes over to Anna and tells her that she needs to come with them to meet someone. Anna said, "No way. My parents will flip if I go somewhere with a bunch of high school kids." Stiles said," No worries, we talked to your parents and said we were in a program to help you with getting extra credit on your grades." Anna's mind was blown, that was a really big lie even for Anna; Anna occasionally lied to get what she wanted, but nothing like this. Considering the lie, Anna was mostly okay with it. So, they went off, and they went a old factory in their town. There was someone standing in the middle of the room, but Anna could hardly see. Then she remembered she had yellow eyes, so she turned them on and couldn't believe who was standing there.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author's note
I am sorry if I haven't posted really long chapters, I tried to make this one longer. I hope you guys are enjoying it. It's been really dull, but it's about to get really interesting.