
I grabbed my water and drunk it, "I love you." Cameron hugged me, I choked on my water. I just sat there coughing and laughing, I drunk more water and Cameron hugged me. "I said I loved you." he said picking me up wrapping my legs around his waist.
I drunk more water, "I SAID I LOVE YOU!" Cameron shouted I looked down just staring at him holding my water at my mouth. I started to smile and I put my water down, "Cameron, I...." I trailed, "I don't know why you are yelling." I said they laughed.
"Keegan please I love you so much." he said, "I love you too Cameron." I said then patted his cheek, I held on to his head, "I feel so uncomfortable." I mouthed to the boys, they Awed. I rub his hair and mess it up, "Put me down I'm tired." I said, Cameron smirked.
"Cameron stop put me down." I said starting to push away from him, "No stop." he said he held my head down as if I was a baby, "What the he// Cameron?" I said he starts rocking me back and forth.
"MOM!" I yell, Cameron starts laughing, "Cameron stop!" I said laughing, I finally got down and I went to Hayes and wrapped my arms around him, "Cruel!" Cameron said, I kissed Hayes, "I love you." I told Hayes, "Aww I love you more." he smiled, I looked at Cameron.
"Meanie." he said, I sighed and let go of Hayes, "I love you Cameron don't cry." I said hugging him, he rested his head on my chest and I rubbed the back of his hair, "I love you too Keegan." he smiled, I kissed his cheek.
"Okay I'm done being a nice sister." I said, he sat up and Hayes and I walked back to my room, I jumped on my bed and I soon stopped when Hayes looked up at me, I laughed, I took my shirt off since it was hot. Hayes was starting to stare, I heard him mumble something, "What?" I asked, "Nothing." He said looking into my eyes blushing.
"No tell me." I whined crawling next to him, "You look really sexy, I hope you know that." he smiled, "Thank you but what did you say?" I asked him, "You look really sexy." He blushed, "Aww." I smiled, "Stop you're doing this on purpose." He covered his blushing.
"I know." I kissed him, he held onto my cheeks and I pulled the covers on our backs. "Keegan!" Cameron yelled, I sighed, "I'm just gonna act like I can't find my shirt." I said pulling away.
"One more." he said, I kissed him a little longer and crawled back on him, "Keegan!" Cameron called again, "Oh my gosh." I said pulling away, I got up walking downstairs. "What?" I asked, "Where is your shirt?" He asked, "I can't find it." I said, "Okay, so about magcon you are gonna go, and sorry about the Nina thing before you and the Hayes thing." he said, "Its okay." I said, he hugged me.
"Okay you really need a shirt on." He said, I giggled, "No I think I like this look." I said, "No." he said laughing, I walked upstairs into my room, I crawled next to Hayes.
"What if we really did have a kid?" Hayes asked looking down at me after wrapping his arm around me, "Well, I'd hope we would already live together, have a room set up, and enough money." I said, "True, but describe your dream to me." he said.
"Well, we were in the hospital, and you were by my side helping me, and you were cooing words to me, you kissed me, we had a boy his name was Jason, and his eyes were like a mixture of ours together, and my dream stopped when we got home and we fell asleep with him in the middle of us." I said, "Aww!" We heard at the door.
I looked up and saw the boys, "Oh." I chuckled, "Did mom give you a talk about her when she was 15?" I nodded slowly, "Get used to it, it isn't over." he laughed, "Evil." I said, he made a face. "How can you stand her, she's in a bra and underwear doesn't she look weird?" Cameron teased me asking Hayes.