
Keegan's POV
I wake up from my alarm, I pick out a stay weird crop top but it goes over my belly button, a black skater skirt, and...ugh-sandals. I take a quick shower and put my hair in a ponytail. I get dressed, brushed my teeth, and Hayes opens his balcony door, I do the same just to surprise him.
"Good morning- is that you Keegan?" Hayes asked, "Yes, might as well get used to being a girl that has to wear a dress tonight." I told him, "True." he said I giggled, "Can you come over when you're done with everything?" He asked I grabbed my phone and my bag, "Im done with everything, I'll be over there soon." I said he laughed and closed his door, I closed mine too.
"Cameron get up and I'm going to Hayes's house." I said, "Okay." was all he said, I walked downstairs, I walked out the house and walked into Hayes's house yes we are close enough to do that. "Momma Grier!" I call, "In here." she said I walked in the kitchen.
"Hey- Keegan is that you?" She asked "Why is everyone so surprised?" I asked laughing, "Because you dressed like that, it's really pretty." she hugged me, Hayes walked down stairs, "I'm having trouble with my hair and clothes." he said in his boxers only.
I shook my head, "Come on play boy." I thumbed his head, he chuckled, "Ow." He laughed. He picked me up, "Hayes don't drop me." I said, "Whoops." He teased me I almost screamed, "Hayes!" I whined, he chuckled kissing me then carried me into his room.
I picked out a light red khaki shorts, a blue button up shirt, and his sperry's. "Let me do your hair first." I said we walked into the bathroom and I sat on the counter he stood between my legs with his hands resting on my knees.
I sprayed hair spray in his hair then did a quiff, "There." I said, "Thank you." he said I nodded kissing him. We pulled away and I washed my hands, then he pulled me down. "I hate skirts." I said pulling it down a little, "Why?" He asked pulling it up so you wouldn't see the volleyball shorts I had on.
"Because it makes me feel toooo girlie." I said, "Well you dress something like that." he said I shrugged and he got dressed, I checked my phone I got a message from Mason and Riley.
They said to hurry we were walking to school, "Hayes we're walking to school." I said he nodded, "Alright let's go." I said he grabbed my hand I put my phone and his in my bag so he wouldn't have to carry it.
"Bye momma Grier!" I shouted, "Bye hun, bye Hayes!" She shouted back, "bye." he said we closed the door behind us and Hayes pulled me towards them, "Keegan is that you?" They asked, I smacked myself on my forehead, "If I had a dollar every time someone asked if it was me." I mumbled.
"No I'm a different person my name is Lacey." I said sarcastically. "Oh hey Keegan." They said, "Lets go." I said pulling Hayes. I called Cameron to tell him I was walking with Hayes.
------school
"You realized once you open the door people are gonna start calling you nice names." Hayes looked me me, I sighed, "Yeah, let's go." I said we opened the door and a lot of people were staring at me and how pretty I looked.
"I mean zayum I thought they were still gonna talk, I didn't know I was this hot." I whispered to Hayes, He chuckled and I opened my locker and grabbed my books, they all of a sudden went back to talking.
Hayes gets his books and we walk to class, "Keegan?" Mrs.Gomez asks me, "Yes?" I ask, "You look really pretty." She complimented, "Thanks." I say she nods, the snotty bitc*es walk in, "Aww look Keegan finally decided to be a girl." girl #1 said, "Just because I'm wearing sandals and a skirt doesn't change me from the girl I used to be." I said, "Have you seen what you wore?" Girl #2 asked, "Yes, actually I pick out my clothes and at least their school appropriate unlike y'all who tries to get in a boys pants." I said the whole class laughs.