
Keegan's POV
I just got home from cheer practice, so I took a long shower and put on a cropped sweater that said yes, boxer shorts, and my Aztec socks from Victoria Secret. I put my hair in a ponytail and took out my books for Hayes and I to study.
I opened my balcony, then went in my dance studio my mom built me when I was little, I started to dance and when I finished I heard clapping. I turned to see Hayes, "Hey." I said walking towards him, "Hey," he said kissed me, I stop my music and we walked into the living room and started studying.
------after studying
"Thanks for helping me." Hayes thanked me, "You're welcome." I said, "Do you wanna watch a movie?" Hayes asked I nodded, "What movie though on Netflix?" I asked him, "Mean girls 2?" I asked, "What ever you want babe." Hayes said.
I sit next to Hayes I recline the chair back and the front goes up, I cuddled with him, he wrapped his arm around me. He started to make vines and one with us he captioned it as 'movie with Bae ' everyone said goals except for the haters.
In the middle of the movie I heard little snores, I looked to my left to see Hayes sleeping, I kiss his cheek lightly and he smiles a little, I he moves his head in the crook of my neck I lean the chair back more and fall asleep with him cutting off the tv.
---------
"Aww!" I hear whispering and a camera going off, I flutter my eyes open to see the boys, "Why?" I whined covering my face in Hayes's chest, I heard him chuckle so I was assuming he was awake, "That's not funny." I mumbled, "Its not funny because you aren't laughing." he quoted to what I said to Riley. "Mmm Mr.Grier I should've been capable of what you do." I said.
They start to laugh, I feel dripping in the back of my shorts, "Shi* shi* shi*." I groan getting the blanket covering me up luckily the couch is black so you couldn't see anything. "What's wrong?" Hayes asked, I shook my head rushing upstairs. "Her period exploded out of her." I heard Cameron say I grab a football and throw it at his head.
"Thanks for tell my business Dallas." I shouted from the stairs, "Your welcome Grier!" He groaned getting up from the floor. I take a long shower, I throw away the underwear and get a new pair and put a pad on.
I throw on some sweatpants and a sweatshirt, and my crazy socks, I put my hair in a messy bun and brush my teeth looking I guess presentable. "I'm so fat." I Groaned, "I'm surprised you figured that out now." Cameron joked, "Cameron!" Nash smacked his chest, "Whoops sorry." he told me I pouted walking into the kitchen getting a water bottle.
Hayes walks in, "You okay?" He asked me, I nodded, he brought his lips to mine, I rested my hands on his shoulders, he lifted me behind my thighs. My cramps began to start and I winced pulling away, "What's wrong?" He asked, "Cramps." I said he nodded and picked me up bridal style, he carried me to the couch and laid me down.
He came back with Advil and a water, "Thanks." I said I take the pill and drink the water. I scoot up a little so Hayes could sit, He smiles laying his head lightly on my stomach, I rub his hair, "You should get your hair like Nash's." I said, "I did when I'm in the shower my hair gets wet so it's hard to style it when it dries." He said
"Oh." I said I continued to rub his hair and play with it, "What movie were y'all watching?" Cameron asked, "Mean girls two." I said, "I can't go, I'm sick *coughs*." Carter says, "that's the first one you dumba**." I chuckled, "Well dam*." Carter said I laughed which caused my stomach to hurt more. "Stop cursing." Cameron chuckled, "I learn it from the best." I said, "Really who?" He asks, "You." I said he looked at Nash he nodded.
It became really quite soooo, Nash said something, "Baby come through you deserve a round!" He vines himself as a remake, I smile. "I hate this month and the next the month and the month after that-" I said but soon was cut off, "We get it you hate your period weeks." Cameron groaned, "I don't want to hear that." Cameron added, "I could've been talking about something else like school, season, birthdays anything that ruins that week." I said making my point.