
"Just because I broke up with Hayes doesn't mean you put your hatred towards me, and I can't believe you would say it, I do know that other people have feelings to and I'm not the only person who had them, I never acted as if I was the only person who had feelings, I guess I cared to much for your a*s it hurts a lot huh?" I ask her.
"I-I'm sorry." she said, "Well if I killed myself would you still care, guess you didn't think about that either." I said then started walking towards my house my house I walk upstairs, I hear Cameron getting a phone call.
"Keegan?" Cameron called, I don't answer only because I was to tired and depressed to, "Keegan?" Cameron said, I groan and stand up walking downstairs, "What?" I asked/snapped.
"Riley told me what you said to her she was worried." he said, "Well you know what I'm worried about?" I ask, "No one gives a crap." Matthew said, "You're right including me, just because you all hate me I'm starting to hate myself, I'm only two steps of killing myself and it's all over, I'll finally be with Conner. But I guess you wouldn't care about that either." I said pulling a knife from behind me.
"Cameron, you hate me, I love you, I'm sorry for leaving you, but I have to goodbye." I said he runs up to me before I stab myself, he takes the knife from my hands and sobs. I start to cry harder than him, "Get off, I don't know why you're being so sympathetic to me now, you all hate me and I wouldn't be surprised if you guys started to feel bad if I killed myself. I can't take this anymore I'm done." I said.
The only person who understands me.
"Hey baby girl." my dad answers, "Hi daddy, I want to come home with you, mom left and everyone hates me." I say I start to cry and I shut my door. "Baby girl you can't come down here, the law took my custody away, I can't have you anymore." he said, "Daddy please." I say.
"I'm sorry pumpkin." he said, "Daddy I miss you I want to go home." I said crying. "I miss you too Keegan, I miss everyone. I can't though." he said. "Bye pumpkin." daddy said, "Bye daddy love you." I said, "I hate you." he said, I hang up quickly, I walk back downstairs grabbing the knife from Cameron stabbing myself in my lower stomach.
"NO!" He screams, he calls the ambulance. "Keegan stay up with me." he whispers as I almost close my eyes. "I love you." Cameron said, "I hate myself." I said starting to cry and it hurt like he//.
"Keegan don't do this." Cameron said, I took the bloody knife and he took it away from me. "I can't trust myself anymore Cameron." I said they made it to our house and I was put on the stretcher.
Cameron lies and tells them that they don't know who it is. We got to the hospital and I was put in surgery.
---------
"Keegan wake up." Conner said, "What?" I ask, "Wake up you aren't dead." he said, I start to cry. I open my eyes and quickly sit up, I felt someone holding my hand and I looked it was Hayes. I pull my hand from his, "I love you." Hayes said, "That's funny it didn't seem like it." I told him, he sighs, "Can I show you how much I love you?" He asks, I nod.
He crashed his lips on mine, I pull away. "Hayed I'm sorry you have a girlfriend." I said, "Yeah, I have to get back to her." he said, I nodded then pressed the fall button.
The nurse walked in and when she helped me sit up it felt like we had some kind of relationship as if we were related. "Um, what's your name?" I ask her, "Karen Dallas." She said, "Are you my aunt?" I asked her, "I-I don't know what you are talking about." she said stuttering.
"Yes you do you never called us, I'm Keegan Dallas Gina's sister, you never called us, ever." I said, "I kinda lost contact of your mom and she told me to never call again." she said, "Why?" I asked, "Because, I was the one that told Elizabeth about her cheating." she said.