
I flipped my hair, I did what Cameron did when the music started playing he started to roll his hips and I soon stopped and started laughing. Love and robbery played and Carter and Matt went up, I took Hayes behind me as I took Hayes behind me grinding my hips he wrapped his arms around my waist.
Last seen in a little black dress watch out for those eyes cause she's armed and dangerous like bow hit you with that one shot hands up she said giving everything you got played.
I kissed Hayes and he pulled me closer by my waist, "I love you." I said, "I love you too." he said, then kissed me again. "I smell like sweat how can you not smell that?" I asked, "You smell like mangos." he said, I chuckled.
"I think my deodorant is working." I said he laughed and we danced again. I vined with all the boys dancing, to take me home. "But I still staaay cause your the only thing I know so won't you taaake oooh, won't you take me home." I sung into the camera
Hayes picks me up spinning me around, I smile and giggle, He sits down with me in his lap, "Those shorts are crawling high." Cameron said, "Shut up Dallas." I said, "Make me." he said I turned around giving him a look he quickly turned around starting to dance again.
I lean in to kiss him, I rest my hands on his cheeks and he rests his hands on my waist. "HAYES!" Maxine yells, "Where the he// did she come from?" Carter asked causing everyone to laugh.
"Did you miss me?" She asked him sitting next to him, "No." he said then stood up with me in his arms, "Oh you're dating her." she said, "Go in the hole with your dead friend." She said.
I hopped out of Hayes's arms punching her to the ground, he pulls me off of her and I kick at her and Hayes pulls me into a different room. "Baby calm down." he told me, he wipes the tears away and Cameron walks out with her over his shoulder, I give her the finger and she gasped.
Hayes crashed his lips showing her that he doesn't like her. I smile a little then I pull away he wanted more, maybe I could tease him.
"Sit next to me." I said he did and I sat on his lap I lean in our lips two inches away, "Don't do this you tease." Hayes whispered, I nearly died when he rested his hand on my butt.
"Can't handle it?" He asked rubbing it squeezing it a little, Cameron walks into the other room with the boys, "Huh baby? Can you handle this or no just tell me." He squeezed my butt again, I lean in but he leans back a little. "Tease." I whimper, "Just tell me and I'll kiss you." Hayes said I stared at his lips he licked them slowly I look back up, "I-I can Hayes." I stuttered he smiles and kissed me, he slid his tongue in without permission, I rolled my hips and he groans.
"Hormones Grier." I stopped rolling my hips pulling away, I stand up and grab my phone out of the dance room and I walk upstairs he follows me closely, "Ooh you are such a teaser." Hayes said, "I mean what can I say you love it." I said laying next to him.
I lean down to kiss him, but he pulls away, I pout. "Hayes." I whine, "You little teaser need a lesson for teasing me. Sooo you can't kiss me for at least an hour and it just hit 8:00am time is ticking." he said.
"Hayes don't do this to me." I crawl on his lap, He flips us over fast, "I've already did sweetheart." he whispered leaning in almost touching my lips.
This boy drives me crazy sometimes for the best moments. "Mmm-Hayes!" I whined, he connected our lips he rested his hands on my waist. "Finally." I whisper.
"You really couldn't wait huh?" He asked I shook my head, he smiled and leaned down to kiss me, "Keegan Hayes, we are going to Taco Bell are y'all coming?" Cameron asked, I shook my head falling to the floor. "Whoa what's happening?" He asked, "Cramps." I groaned rolling on my stomach clutching my stomach.