
He looks at Hudson, hudson looks down and Cameron, looks at my now bruised stomach and bleeding cheek.
I look at Hayes, "Did she tell you, she made me do this, she wanted to get Hayes for herself, I'm not usually like this." Hudson said, Lauren walks out and she smiles then frowns, "Go to he// Lauren." I said to her, "What?" She whispers crying.
"You heard me, I never liked you, Hayes was forced to kiss you just like I was. You planned this to happen, You wanted me to get hurt. Fu*k you, I hate you, hate is a strong word and the word hate explains you!" I said to her tears streaming down my face.
"I'm sorry." she whispers, "I'm tired of people saying they are sorry but they really aren't, my closest family will always be forgiven. Not you nor Hudson, you need to grow up and don't let her tell you what to do." I told Hudson, Cameron helps me stand up and I walk to coaches room.
"Oh my gosh what happened to you?" She asked, "Lauren and my brothers cousin Hudson teamed up and Lauren told him to hurt me and she forced my boyfriend to kiss him." I told her, she hugs me I wince, "Sorry." she said I sigh, "Tell her to come here." she said, I nodded.
I walked back limping a little, I open the door and push past her, "She wants to talk to you." she said, she walked out and Hudson walked in, "I don't want to talk to you." I said to him he walked out and I start to cry and walk into the bathroom, I remember what Hayes told me, so I didn't pull out my back up blade. I walk out and Hayes sits there just staring, I take off my shoes and sit next to him.
"I know you would be upset if I cut so I decided I would talk to you." I sniffed, he gave me a weak smile, I wipe off the lipstick on his lips and kiss him, he kisses me back, "I really want to cut myself." I opened to him, he pulls me on his lap, "I don't want you doing this." he grabbed my hand.
"I love you a lot, you are meant to be in this world baby girl." he tells me, I nod and he crashed his lips on mine. We pull away and I see Riley with bloody knuckles. "What did you do?" I asked, "I thought that bit*h a lesson." she chuckled I get up and hug her, "I love you." I mumble to her she smiled, "I know, I love you too." she said rubbing my back we pull away and I walk to Hayes.
"Do you still want to go to the beach?" Riley asks me, "Sure just to get my mind off things." I said she nodded and I grab my bikini. I put make up over my bruise, then put on white shorts, then put on a black crop top with a pizza on it.
I put on my white vans, Hayes looks at me. "Did you put make up on your bruise?" He asked I nodded, he sits up and pulls me closer, I lean in then kiss him, "I love you so much." Hayes said, "I love you so much more." I said, he walked in the bathroom putting on his swimming trunks. Riley had on a one suit that had little cut outs on the sides.
Hayes comes out and I lay on the bed, "Today was...something." I said he chuckled, "I agree, her lips were so rough and wet." Hayes said grossed out, "Your lips are soft and aren't wet." Hayes looked at me, I smile and kiss him, "That was a wet kiss because you licked your lips." Hayes wiped off his lips.
"You're gonna enjoy mine." I said crawling over him, I kiss him and he laughs, "*Laughs* Ew *Laughe*!" I smile and give him one last kiss. "Are y'all ready?" Cameron asked us, we got up and I grabbed my water.
"I want-" I start they all say pizza, "I was gonna say raspberries but I guess I could go for pizza too." I said they chuckled, "That's the first." Cameron said, Ride comes on in the elevator and I just sit there feeling so awkward at the awkward silence. "Um...Well then." I say leaning on Hayes. The elevators open and I was the first one out.