
Keegan's POV
We are finally home now, the guys told me they were gonna be right back so I got dressed into a tank top with flowey black and white shorts and my converse.
I put my hair in a ponytail, I start to play music and dance around, "Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader!" I spin around, running into someone.
Hayes.
"Oh hey." I said blushing, "What's up." He chuckled, "You loved my dance moves didn't you." I said, "No...not at all." he said I playfully scoffed, I grabbed his Mcflurry, from McDonald's, "Thanks Bae." I smile taking it upstairs with me.
"You're welcome." he said I laid on the other side of me, "You can have the rest." I said giving it to him, "Considering it was mine I was hoping." he said, I laughed, "I should surprise Riley she doesn't know I'm back." I said, "Lets go." I said he finished his ice cream and threw it away, and we walked to her house.
I gave him my phone to vine it, I knocked on her door. "OH MY GOSH!" She screamed Hopping into my arms, "I MISSED YOU A LOT!" She cried tears, "I was gone for two months and your crying?" I asked her, she nodded, She got down and hugged me again.
"Hey Hayes." she said, "Hey." He smiled hugging her, "Are y'all together yet?" Riley asked us, we looked at each other, "Not really." We both said, "What do you mean?" She asked, "We act like it but we aren't together." Hayes said I nodded, "Really? Kiss I don't believe you." She looked at us smiling.
I wrapped my arms around his neck and he did the same but on my waist, we leaned in and kissed, we went on until she said something. "Okay, Okay I get it." she said, "Hey babe- KEEGAN!" Mason yelled jumping into my arms. "Gosh, Mason you weigh a ton!" I said out of breath, "I missed you." He said, "I missed you too Mason." I chuckled he got down, Hayes was pretty quiet so I jumped on his back.
"Are you okay?" I asked him, "Yeah." He said I nodded he turned his head and I kissed him. "Whoa are y'all to-" Mason asked, "No but they act like it." Riley said, "What why did you say 'hey babe'?" Hayes asked Mason, "You haven't told them yet?" Mason asked her, "We are together, see I did tell them." she chuckled nervously.
"Alright well I'll see you guys later we have things to do." I said, "Hayes please use protection, I don't want her pregnant." Riley said, I scoffed Hayes laughed, "I will trust me." He said they laughed, "Hayes." I say laughing he laughs too.
We opened the door to his house, "Mom!" Hayes yells, "Keegan!" She yells hugging me, I looked at Hayes he held his mouth open smiling, "Aww my baby." she said hugging him, he stuck his tongue out at me, I did the same.
Sky soon came down, "Sky!" He yelled, "Keegan!" She yelled running towards me, I picked her up, "Hi babe." I said she kisses my cheek, "I missed you." she said, "I missed you too." I said I put her down, "hey Hayes." she said and lets him pick her up.
He puts her down and she runs upstairs playing with her horses. "I feel the love." Hayes said "Aww don't pout it's not good." I said patting his cheek walking away he pulled me back by my waist.
I started to laugh knowing he was gonna tickle me, "I didn't even start tickling you." he laughs, "I know." I said leaning in to kiss him but he moves, "Meanie, I'll just go to Nash." I said he stopped dead in his tracks I ran upstairs into his room with him chasing me. I shut the door trying to lock it but he already opened it, I start to laugh again Hayes smiles I lay on his bed and he lays next to me, he rolls over so he's on top, I play in his hair and he leans up to kiss me but I turn.
"Come on Keegan." Hayes said, I smiled shaking my head, "No thanks." I said I gave in and let him kissed me, "Oh that's great wet lips." I said, he kissed me again they were still wet. I looked at the door and saw it was closed, "Are you scared moms gonna walk in on us?" He asked, I shrugged, "I don't know she could any minute so..." I said.