
The only thing I do ever day is brush my teeth and rinse my mouth out and repeat over and over. I walk back into the kitchen, "Sorry." I chuckle, I hug him and he cheek was on my chest, I rub his hair, "He's such a baby." I mouthed to the others, they chuckle.
"Are you done being a baby cammy?" I asked, "Shut up." he said I smiled. "I love you Keegan." he smiled, "Uhn nope nope not gonna happen." I said, he did that thing to my cheek, "Your wet sloppy lips are disgusting and my cheek doesn't like this." I said he laughed and licked my cheek, I tried to pull away but he held on to the side of my cheek.
"Ew!" I shout, Nash was dying and Taylor fell back in his chair, it was kind of funny, Hayes and Riley were talking about something else. He kept licking and did the sloppy wet thing to my cheek.
"Cameron you're nashty." I said, Nash looked at us, and continued to laugh, I shake my head and went to slap his hand but I slapped my face, "Wow my slaps hurt." I said holding my cheek.
I pull away from Cameron, "Your cheek likes me." he said, I playfully glare at him and wash my face at least three times. My cheek was red from me slapping myself and on the other side was red from me scrubbing to hard.
"I hope you don't kiss your girlfriend like that." I said, Linsey walks in, I glare at her. "Conner never loved you." she said, Cameron looked at her, everyone's eyes were on me, I sigh. "Jen is this your sister?" I asked, "Step but we don't get along we hate each other." she said before I could do anything she grabs a knife holding it at my stomach.
I smile at her, "Oh my gosh Sammy I love you." I said smiling at him she eyed him and I took the knife pushing her to the ground, "If you threaten me again, world war three will go down, and I'm not going down without a fight." I said holding it at her nose.
"Fine, I'm sorry." she said, I moved out the way for her to stand up, "Keegan drop it." Cameron said, I gave him the knife and I sat on Sammy, "You are such a bada*s." he chuckled, "I'm a really good child I just don't like when people tease me about Conner." I said, "What happened to Conner, I haven't really got to the story." he said
"Let's take a walk I'll show you." I said, I put on my Nike free runs, "Cameron I'll be back." I told him he nodded then Sammy and I walked out the house, "Well I told my mom I was going to a pretty bridge where Conner and I used to look at from the water fall, and we would just hang out in the woods." I told him.
We walked towards the bridge, "Then a truck, was speeding by-and um, I tried to call Conner or Cameron but they didn't answer their phones, they crashed right in front of me, Cameron was alive and had a concussion, Conner had a huge piece of glass in his heart." I looked at him.
"I'm so sorry." he whispered, "Its okay you didn't know." I said he hugged me, I had a couple of tears slipping from my eyes, "I miss him a lot." I mumble, he nods, "Me too." he said, I wiped my tears away and we pull away from that long hug.
"My hair is a mess I don't see how you didn't notice." I chuckled, he smiled grabbing my hand, "It looks fine." he said, we started to walk back home and Linsey was in the living room. I take off my shoes and walk into the kitchen, all the guys were kissing their girlfriends, "Okay then." I said, "Sam-" I start then see Linsey crawling on him.
"Get off of me I have a girlfriend." he said, "Oh come on she won't find out." she said, I pulled her off and I walked upstairs with Sammy, he shut the door crashing his lips on mine, I smile closing curtains, I kiss him again then heard Jake yelping.
I rush downstairs she grabbed a knife and scratched his side, "You little bit*h!" I yell at her I yank her to the floor and start beating the crap out of her, Cameron pulls me off of her, "No she almost killed my puppy, she's gonna suffer the consequences!" I said slapping his hands, Jen holds her back starting to laugh.