
"Bye I'll see you tomorrow okay." Hayes said Nash grabbed Bailey because he knew what I was coming, I kissed him, wrapping my arms around his neck, he smiled picking me up by my thighs. "Okay Okay." Nash said. We pulled away and he let go holding onto one leg, "I love you." he smiles, "I love you more." I said then kissed him again.
I looked up at Nash and he was in smiling, I grabbed Bailey and kissed Hayes goodnight. "Good night." Hayes said opening the door, "Good night Hayes." I smiled, he walked away with Nash and I shut the door, I turned around finding Cameron I gasped, "Why would you do that?" I asked me.
"Sorry." he smiled, I walked in Cameron's room and laid on his bed, I laid Bailey on her stomach and cuddled with Cameron. "Hey?" I answer my phone, "Hey just wanted to hear your voice." Hayes said I could feel him smiling.
"Aww, well here it is." I smiled, Cameron started acting all cheesy, "Okay I miss you already." He said, "I miss you more." I said, Cameron giggled, "Okay good night." Cameron took my phone, "Cameron stop." I whined quietly, "Hey Cameron." Nash said, I walked to my room opening my balcony.
"He took my phone." I said to Hayes who opened up the balcony, "Nash took my phone." he said I sat in my chair twiddling my thumbs, "What's up?" He asked, "Nothing I want my phone back." I said looking up at him.
The waves of the ocean started to clam down and it was really pretty. "It's pretty isn't it." Hayes said, "Very." I answered, I smiled at him. Cameron came into my room handing me my phone, and Nash did the same to Hayes.
"Good night Keegan." Nash smiled, "Bye Nash." I said waving, "Wow, bye." he said flipping his invisible hair, "Okay good night Hayes." I looked at him, "Good night baby." he said, "I love you." he said, "I love you." I said.
We closed the door I walked into Cameron's room, Bailey was sleeping peacefully. I looked at Cameron who was staring at me, I crawled next to him cuddling close to him, I kissed his forehead. "Good night Cameron." I said.
"Good night babes." he whispered cutting off his light, I slid under the covers and brought Bailey next to us.
Sleep.
Relax.