
"Why did you hate me?" I asked him, he kept quiet and got off of me, "Hayes?" I asked him, "I just wanna know why you did?" I asked him again. "Hayes-" I was cut off by his yelling, "I don't want to talk about it." He yelled, "I already know I was just wanting you to tell me so I could know how you felt." I said, "Don't ask me anymore questions." he said I rolled my eyes. "Why did you hate me, I did nothing to you it was your dads choice and my moms, you can't blame me for something I didn't do!" I yelled back.
"Just go away and never come back don't talk to me either." he said, I got all my stuff and walked out of his room, "Bye momma Grier." I said, "Bye sweetheart." she said I then walked out. I started to cry I walked into my room, "Honey is that you?" Mom asked, "Yeah." I said I quickly wipe my tears away and reapplied my mascara.
"Well me and your dad are going out with the Grier's parents so I'll see you tonight or tomorrow." she said I nodded and hugged her, I opened my doors to the balcony Hayes did too we made eye contact but I turned away looking down, I laid in my bed starting to write in my diary quoting worst day ever.
Diary: worst day ever
I Hate Hayes Benjamin Grier, he's mad at me just because our parents made a mistake about two years ago, and he's mad at me, I felt the same way but worse. Because I've known him for a long time and Now I wish I hadn't. Hayes Grier will be hated by me for the entire eternity. Worst day ever
When I finish writing in my diary I put it on the shelf where no one could find it, I stared at my pictures of me and Cameron, oh yeah Chloe and Cameron broke up, he's mad at me too.
I took my hair out of a ponytail and the wind started to blow, I play imagination by Shawn, I start to him along I walk to my couch on the balcony and text my friends. They started to be mean to me too for no apparent reason, I walk into Cameron's room, The boys are there I look at Nash he rolls his eyes and so does everyone else.
"Mom?" I call, "What?" She snaps, "N-nothing." I said, I run out the house slamming the door shut I run and run till I don't know where I'm at, the tears start to rush down my face, "KEEGAN WATCH OUT!" I hear a person yell I look to my right to see a car stopping on its breaks, I scream and Hayes comes to get me.
"Be careful next time." he said and the car rolls by, "Are you okay kid?" The guy asked I nodded, "You sure?" He asked I nodded, he leaves, "Why did you save me I wanted to get ran over." I said, "Just be glad I saved your a*s." he said, I start to walk home and get a call from Cameron, I quickly decline, everyone does and I decline theirs.
I run inside breaking every piece of glass, I start to cry, and I walk into my bathroom. I cut myself until it's up my other arm. I cry loud, my mom comes in, "Why?" She starts crying, "Everyone hates me, I don't know what I did wrong!" I said she cleaned up the blood.
"Don't you ever do this again, you hear me!" She said, I cry louder and louder by the minuet, "Baby calm down." she said getting my inhaler, "Come eat." she said, "I'm not hungry." I said, "You have to eat something." She said I shook my head.
"Okay." she said, I closed my room door, "Keegan?" I hear my name being called, I look out my balcony to see Hayes, "Remember you don't want to talk to me anymore." I said, he sighed as I walked back in and shut the door.
I clean the glass up and throw it away, I lay in bed I grab my Mac book pro the new gold one and get a FaceTime call from Riley?
"We heard what happened are you okay?" She asked me, "Why, are you gonna tell me to kill myself again?" I asked her her eyes widen, "I never did that." she said, "Well right now I don't know what to believe everyone hates me." I said then hung up.