
Keegan's POV
I woke up to someone stroking my hair, I looked up to see Hayes and I snuggle morn into his chest, "Good morning princess." Hayes said, I stuck my hand up waving lightly he chuckled.
I sat up and took the covers off of me I scream and fall to the floor, "Keegan what the heck!" Riley groaned, "Its not my fault you were on the floor, what were you guys doing last night?" I asked shivering, she blushes. "EW!" I shout, I start the shower, I brush my teeth, wash my face, and wash my body.
I get out the shower I grab my towel and wrap myself, get out to see Hayes peeing, "Wow Hayes that's a smart idea." I said covering my eyes, He laughs and tells me he's done.
He pulls up his underwear and shorts, he brushes his teeth and starts the shower, He starts stripping, "Hayes, at least wait till I'm out." I chuckled, "Too late." he said slowly taking off his shirt, my eyes were glued to his abs.
"Like what you see?" He smirked I bite my lip looking at him, he smiles and I kiss him. I quickly pull away teasing him. He smacks my butt I giggle and he gets in the shower, I quickly put on my bra and underwear from Victoria Secret.
I put on my favorite shirt, that said take another little pizza my heart, black jeggings, and my white vans, I put my hair in a ponytail and Hayes gets out with a towel wrapped around his waist, I grab my mascara and Hayes pulls it from my hand, "You don't need makeup." he said putting it back.
"Hayes." I pout, he kisses me, "You're too gorgeous for that." he said, I sighed, he pulls me closer, "Babe please don't do this." Hayes begged me, I chuckled. "Only for you." I said, "Okay." he said, I pull away from him "Get dressed." I told him he nodded and I walk out the bathroom then he shut it.
Ghost starts playing and I start twirling around, and I opened the curtains. Riley starts dancing with me, and I turn around bumping into Hayes when the songs over, "Hey I didn't see you there." I said starting to laugh. "I love you laugh." he kissed me, I smiled and wrapped my arms around his neck sloppily, he wraps his hands around my waist.
We pull away and Lauren comes in, "Hey Hayes, Keegan, Riley, and sorry I don't know your name." she said and looked at Tanner, "Tanner." he said she smiled and Riley glared at her, "Your pretty cute." she said, "Thanks." he smile.
"You too Hayes." she looks at him then smirks back at me, "Aww thanks." he replies, "Can I have a hug?" She asks him, he went in for a hug and she kissed him, he pulls away after about ten seconds and I let my hair down. I run into Hudson and he smirks grabbing on my arm. "What do you want?" I asked him, "You." He said slamming me against the wall.
"Kiss me or your brother dies, along with Hayes." he forced me I try to get out of his grip but he grips tighter and I yelp. "Don't make me grip harder now kiss me." he said I leaned in and he kissed me hungrily,his lips were wet, sloppy, and rough. I stop and cry, he slaps me across my face making my cheek bleed, I yelp again and I see Cameron open his door.
"Cameron go!" I said, "No-" he said, "Please I don't want you to die." I said, "No I'm not-" he said, "Cameron go!" I yell he sighs going back, I start to cry, Hudson looks at me, "Baby, don't cry." he said wiping the side of my cheek I don't look at him I turn the other way.
"Look at me." he said, I just stay there he jams his two fingers in the side of my stomach, I groan and he pulls away, "Now look at me." He said, I look at him and he kisses me. I kick him and punch him I start to cry, I open the door to see Hayes just sitting there letting her kiss him but he doesn't kiss back.
I feel myself being tackled to the floor I turn to see Hudson, "Please stop." I close my eyes crying, I look at what he has in his hand, it was a pocket knife, he lifts my shirt up and punch me. I cry louder and all the guys come out, as I kick him and he slaps me. Matthew pulls him off and I cry just laying there, Hayes finally comes out.