
"That's your surprise." I said, "Really?" He groaned, "Fine no more kisses." I pulled off his bandana, "Oh my gosh thank you so much!" Tanner and Hayes yelled looking at his new dirt bike. Hayes tried to kiss me, "No no no, remember." I said, "No stop doing this to me!" He whined, I chuckled. He picked me up and kissed me, I didn't kiss back until he squeezed my butt.
"Thank you so much." he said hugging me and spinning me around, "You're welcome babe." I smiled, "Let's go for a spin." he grabbed my hand, we changed into an outfit. "Hayes don't go so fast." I said standing there.
"Babe just get on we won't go fast." he said, "Do I trust you?" I asked, "You can trust me baby." Hayes grabbed my hand, "Hayes I'm not so sure about this." I said as he pulled me closer, "Just get your a*s on here." he said, I chuckled.
"Okay." I said, I got in front of him, he put my hands on the bars, and held his hands on mine, "Don't be nervous I feel you shaking." Hayes laughed, I sighed leaning my head back on his shoulder.
"You ready?" He asked, "As I'll ever be." I said, he smiled and kissed me then we put our helmets on, We started to ride the bike and Riley was scared out of her life.
We stayed till seven and we went out to eat, "Thank you this is the best surprise ever." Hayes hugged me, "Aww you're welcome baby." I hugged him back.
We ordered our food, Hayes and I got the same thing. "So what if you guys did have kids?" Tanner asked, I blushed, "Well...I'd have the best wife and kids ever." Hayes kissed my cheek, "I'll have the best husband ever." I said, "Pizza!" I smiled, "Cruel." Hayes said, as they laughed, "Baby, I'm kidding." I said kissing him.
"Your lips taste like chicken Alfredo." Hayes chuckled, I laughed and we finished. "You're getting pretty famous why don't you come to digitour?" Hayes said, "And why would I do that?" I asked him, "You sing, it's amazing." he said.
"Thank yo-" I couldn't finish, Hayes smashed his lips on mine, "I couldn't help but kiss you." Hayes glanced at my lips. "I know." I stated, My phone starts ring, "Hello?" I answer, "Get home now Sierra is having a baby and and just get home and hurr-" Cameron said in a hurry, "Cameron slow down, what is happening?" I asked him.
"Sierra is having Bailey let's go." Cameron said, "Okay we're coming." I said, he hung up. "Sierra is having Bailey." I said, "What?" Riley asked, "Yeah I know let's go." I said, "Okay." she said, the waitress came and we got the drinks togo and paid them.
"Baby calm down." Hayes said watching them get in the car, "I-I can't I have to be there I can't be late, I can't-" he kissed me, "Calm down baby." Hayes rubbed my cheek with his hand, I nodded slowly.
He got in the driver side and I went to the passenger side. Hayes held my shaky hand and tried to get my mind off things. "What room is Sierra Dallas in?" Hayes asked, "Uh-Room 465." She stuttered looking into Hayes's eyes.
I rolled my eyes and walked away they didn't even notice till my hair flipped, some of the guy nurses were looking at me. They stared at my butt and my face, I got to her room and opened the door.
"Hey Keegan!" Sierra smiles, I saw Justin there I rolled my eyes, "Hey." I smiled, I hugged her. "I need to go pee." I whispered, "Well that bathroom needs toilet paper." she said, I walked out the room and felt myself being pushed against the wall.
I gasped looking up, I saw Hudson and Luke. "Long time no see baby girl." Luke smiled, I watched as he brought his hand to my neck, "Don't you ever say anything to Hayes about this, and if you do, you will regret it." he gripped his hand tighter