
Keegan's POV
We had to stay another day because magcon was gonna be here, so everyone got up and got dressed, I was just playing with Jake and he started to bark. "Jake shhh." I shushed him he was looking at someone else so I turned and Hayes wrapped his arms around me.
"Oh." I said then kissed him, I picked up Jake and we walked to the meet and greet convention, they were so obsessed with Jake, he's never really been around a lot of people with a lot of noise so he hid behind me.
I picked him up and he laid his head on my shoulder, "Jake speak." I said holding the microphone towards his mouth, he barked and they laughed, he wagged his tail and I put him down.
"Okay let's start off with Q&A." Cameron said, we still haven't made up, Im kinda upset about it too no, I'm devastated. I sat next to Hayes and he held Jake. "Um you in the red what's your name?" I asked her, "Paisley, and why are you so perfect?" She smiled, "I believe the question is why are you so perfect gorgeous." I smiled back and she told me she loved me.
"This ones for Cameron." One of the girls said, "Go for it." He said, "Have you and Keegan got into an argument before?" She asked I looked down, "Um, yes we argue a lot but then at the end of the day you'll really need them, and tell them how much you love them." he glanced at me.
I laid on Hayes's shoulder and he played in my hair, Jake was tired he didn't care what was going on so he just fell asleep. "This ones for Hayes." "I'm listening." he said, "When you and Keegan started to date, how did you feel when Cameron found out?" She asked, "Well, at first I was kinda nervous because Keegan and I hated each other and did pranks on each other, so when I started to like her I thought Cameron wouldn't approve." he said I looked up at him.
He gave the microphone to Nash, "Okay, so Nash omg I'm like shaking right now, Do you got a Bae or nah?" She asked he gave her one of those smiles, "Actually no I don't, and don't be nervous around me babe, I love you too." he said I smiled and Hayes was just in his own world.
I grabbed Aaron's water bottle and poured a little in his hair, Jake went to Taylor, I quickly stood up, "I love you. Don't do this." I started to laugh, "I love you too that's why I'm gonna do it." he smiled I ran off stage running around he caught me and poured water in my hair.
Everyone was Aww'ing and I blushed, Hayes pulled me in for a hug and kissed my cheek, We walked back up stage and I did a quiff in his hair, Hayes flipped his hair messing it up so I thumbed the back of his head.
"Keegan!" He laughed, I giggled and sat next to him, "Okay, so Taylor, my names Heather, and what do you look in for girls?" She asked, "Well, it doesn't really matter about their looks, I only care if they are nice, are up for cuddles any day, and act like this couple right here." Taylor pointed at us, I kissed Hayes and they all made kiss'y faces.
I chuckled, Jake started whining. I picked him up and went to make a puppy bottle for him, I walked back out and I noticed one of my cuts were bleeding, "Hayes?" I call he looks at me and we walk to the bathroom.
I rinse it off, "This could be a lesson." I said, he nodded. "What's wrong?" I ask him as my cut stops bleeding, I put the bandage on my arm, "Nothing." he said, I pulled him in for a hug, "Hayes I don't want secrets." I whispered, "Its hard seeing you like this, It bothers me I don't want you hurt, I want you happy all over again how we were." he said I smiled, "I am happy." I said, "No, this isn't the you, I used to know. The one I used to know was laughing with Cameron, singing, and dancing, this isn't you." he said walking out.
I just stand there speechless, my tears start coming, I text Nash I was gonna be at the hotel, he asked why and I didn't answer it, I read it I just didn't answer it.