
Hayes puts my jeans back on and holds me tightly, "I'm so sorry baby." hayes said, I hide my face in his neck and he rubs my back. Cameron tells me we had to go to the hospital for stitches, I sigh and Hayes wipes my tears and kisses me.
I kissed back and shook as Hudson, yelled at me. "Don't worry baby." hayes said I nodded and we got into the car, Cameron drives to the hospital and I go into the emergency room, "Oh gosh." I mumble laughing a little, Hayes smiles and so does Cameron.
The doctor comes in and I look at Hayes, I start to turn my head at the fact that it hurt so bad, Hayes holds my hand, I tuck my head in his neck as he hugged me, "I know it hurts baby." Hayes said, I start to groan and whimper. "It sounds like your having a baby." Cameron chuckles, I give him my finger and he laughs.
"Mm ugh ow!" I start to cry, Hayes rubs my back, "How many more does she have?" Cameron asked, "About thirteen more that was a deep cut." he says, I put on Hayes's hoodie. He sat down and, I looked down at my blood. "Stop Keegan." Cameron said, I roll my eyes and looked at the ceiling, "I WILL FORVER HATE STITCHES!" I shouted laughing a little.
Then I start to cry, "Period." Cameron mumbled at a confused Hayes, "Keegan I'll be back I'm gonna fall mom." he said I nodded and he walked out. Hayes rubs my hand and runs his thumb over it.
"Almost done you've got at least seven more." he said I nodded slowly turning my head a little. "My poor baby." she said running in, I close my eyes then Hayes kisses me, "Sorry I had too." he blushed as I looked at him, I smiled.
"Oh my gosh Mhmm!" I groan crying, "Keegan, babe, you sound like your having a baby." mom laughed, I give her a look. "Really at a time like this?" I asked her, she giggled and sat down.
"All done." he said, I sit up and I looked at Hayes who as wearing hospital pants too. I smile a little, mom checks me out and I get my crutches and stand up, "I never thought this was fun." I mumbled looking down. "Keegan did you take a shower alone?" Mom asked me smirking, "No." I blushed.
"Okay, I just wanted to get that out of you." she said, "How'd you know?" I asked, as we walked down the hallway, Cameron was laughing at me as I walked. I stare a him, drop the crutches and limp away, mom hands me her keys and I keep limping.
"Keegan I'm sorry come back." Cameron whined, trying to catch up I shake my head, "I'm sorry." he laughed as I limped, "It's funny." he chuckled, "You think I wanted this?" I turned around asking him, "No." he mumbled laughing, "Fu*k you." I said limping to the car.
They soon pile in the car, I noticed our bags were there, mom drove home and when she got home Cameron carried my crutches and I rushed inside upstairs. Jake jumps on my bed and kisses my forehead, "Thanks babes." I say he barks.
Hayes comes in and lays next to me, "I love you." he whispered, I turn the other way teasing him, "Babe!" He groans, "I love you." I said he pulled me closer and I kissed him, "My leg hurts." I mumble. "You should've just ignored Cameron." he stared in my eyes, "Ugh, just hearing his name gets on my nerves." I groan, he chuckles and I lay on his chest. I get under my covers and so did Hayes.
"Wanna take a nap?" He asked I nodded, I kiss him, it soon turns in a heated make out session, "OOOH!" All the guys scream in unison, I smile pulling away. "Aww." they chuckle, I shut my door and limp back into bed, Hayes smiles and brings his arms around me kissing me again.
He crawls on me then kissed down my neck, I start to breathe in deeply, I let out my breath and groan a little. "H-Hayes." I mumble, he kisses me and pulls my shirt off, I take off his flannel and gray shirt. He leans down and kisses me again rolling his hips slowly.