
"Well Miss Dallas who do you want in here?" She asked, "Could I have all of them in here?" She asked the nurse, she nodded and soon brought them in here, "Moooooom!" She yells quickly sitting up then laying down, "Too fast huh?" I asked her she giggled nodding.
Her mom rushed towards her hugging her, "Cameron told me that all the things you said aren't true." She said, "It is ask Nash he was there." She told her, "Did Cameron call her a slu*?" She asked him he nodded, "Thanks." She mouthed to him he smiled "So your side of the story was right." She said Keegan nodded.
"What's on your arm?" She asks, "What?" She asked, "Your left arm what is that?" She asked, "Marker." She said she nodded. "I'm glad you're okay." She said, I looked at Keegan and she was looking at me.
"I love you." I mouthed to her, "I love you too." She mouths back. "Awww!" The guys say momma Dallas looks confused, "What?" She asked, "Nothing." We all said, "Where's Cameron?" She asked, "Well Cameron didn't want to come." Nash said, "I gotta tell you something?" Nash said they walked out, Keegan stretched, "I wanna get out of the boring place." She said I chuckled and she smiled.
She grabbed my hand and I rubbed my thumb over her hand, Nash came in without momma Dallas, "She's on the phone with Cameron." he said we all nodded. "The love is real." Nash said pointing the camera at our faces I quickly leaned down to kiss Keegan then he posted it on vine.
"Well the doctor said you will be able to leave tomorrow so one of us has to stay here and I have to go to work." Momma Dallas looked at Keegan and me. "But what about the tour?" Nash said, "Oh since it's raining now it's gonna be cancelled." she said.
"Keegan who do you want to stay here?" She looked at me and I smiled, "I guess it's Hayes." She said, "alright boys I suggest you leave now because it's gonna get heavier." Momma Dallas said they all rushed out but Nash popped his head in, "Use protection." he joked, "Nash!" Keegan yelled he laughed and walked out closing the door.
"You don't have to sit in that uncomfortable chair." she said scooting over moving all the cords, I took off my shoes laying next to her. Her head was on my chest her legs also tangled with mine, "I can't believe this happened so fast." I said, she nodded, "Yeah I can't either." she said.
"What time is it?" She asked me, I checked my phone to see it was twelve am, "12:00." I said "I'm gonna go to sleep goodnight." She told me yawning, "goodnight beautiful." I said turning off the lights and falling asleep with her.