
Hayes picks me up, carrying me to the car, "Why is he carrying you?" Nash asked we got in the car, "Because my feet hurt." I said the nodded and we walked inside I took off my heels with one in each hand I yelp running upstairs.
I take off my dress and put on sweatpants and a tank top, my door opens and I walk into my bathroom brushing my teeth and washing my face. Hayes changes into sweatpants and a t-shirt.
I lay down and Hayes lays next to me, I lean in to kiss him, He hovers me and squeezed my thigh I tried to hold in my gasp he slips his tongue in, He groans pulling off his shirt, I look at the door to see its open. "Shh...T-The do-or is op-en." I stuttered as he kissed my jaw.
"PG-13!" Nash yells and we quickly pull away, "Oh gosh." I said he laughs and Cameron soon finds out, "Yeah, try to keep it at least PG-13." Cameron said.
I rolled my eyes and slid under the covers, "Crack my door." I said he does "Happy birthday baby." Hayes said I smile and kissed him, "Thank you." I said he nodded and a light starts shining through my balcony door. I look at Hayes, he opens it and I see a crowd of people with a sign that said happy birthday Keegan with pictures of me and mason,Hayes,and Riley.
I start to cry happy tears, Hayes hugs me, "Were y'all doing the nashty?" Riley asks I laugh, "No." I laughed, "He sleeps with his shirt off." I told her, "Keegan we have a surprise for you." they said I nodded then closed my balcony door I walk down stairs.
I put on my Nike free runs so does Hayes the rest of the guys follow me, Riley looks sad and I start to question her but she doesn't answer, she pulls me aside, "You know you were always a true sister to me right?" She asked me I nodded, "We've had are ups and downs but I still love you but I....have cancer." she said I looked down as the tears start to slip.
"Please don't cry I know it's on your birthday, I needed to tell you and I thought with this whole thing you would have a fun time I told your mom I thought she would tell you." she said, "I'm sorry." I said I start to sob and rush past the other boys.
I run into my mom, "Hun what's the matter?" the door was wide open, "You knew...You didn't tell me." I said she walked closer and I backed, "I'm sorry." she said, "How long have you known?" I asked her, she kept quiet.
"How long have you known?" I gritted through my teeth, "A month." she said I shook my head, I run and run and run till I don't know where I am, I cry loud and hard I see a boy coming towards me then running.
It's Tanner.
"Are you okay?" He asked me, "Do you know too?" I asked, "Why didn't they tell you earlier?" He whispered, "I-I have to get home." I said he nods and hugs me.
It starts raining and I see Hayes in tears looking for me. "Don't scare me like that." he said hugging me he kisses me and I start to cry again, "I'm so sorry." he said he picks me up as I sob into his shoulder.
"I-I don't want her to die." I sob, "She won't if you give her positivity." Hayes said, I start to sob again, "Baby stop crying she will get through this." Hayes said I hug him tightly.
We get home and he helps me into the shower, "Hayes?" I call from the shower, "I'm right here." he said, "I'm sorry I scared you." I said, "That doesn't matter what matters is that you are okay." he said, I finish my shower and he hands me my towel.
"Thank you." I hugged him he kissed my forehead and rubbed my back in circles, "You will be okay." he said I nod, I put on my clothes as he gets in the shower.