
Keegan's POV
We made it home back to our house, Mom moved out with her new boyfriend, well I'm not even gonna call her my mom anymore, Cameron has a new girlfriend, Hayes has a new girlfriend. Oh right, he cheated on me.
I grabbed one of my stone soaps, then got in my hot tub, I had bubbles blown in the tub and it was relaxing, I covered myself in bubbles by the soap and someone then knocked on my door.
"What!" I shout, "Someone's here to see you." Cameron walked in I sunk in more and he walked out, I washed myself and let the bubbles out. I wash my face, leaving the face mask on and putting on my clothes and shoes.
I walk downstairs, "Hey." Myles said, "Hey." I hug him, "Don't get that stuff on my shirt." he commanded, "Aww why?" I asks pulling away, "Because it could stain my shirt." he chuckled.
"Water or tea?" I asked, "Water." he said I nodded and grabbed a water bottle from the fridge, I gave it to him then washed my face. "My face looks so my clearer." I said, he nodded. "I um I gotta go I have to help Kalin with music." he said looking at his phone.
"Fine whatever." I sighed, Cameron opened the door to the magcon crew walking in, "Sorry, I'll text you later?" He said, I smiled, "Okay." I said he kissed my cheek and left. "I see someone has a boyfriend." Matt said, I roll my eyes, "Myles is just a friend, there is nothing special between us." I told him he nodded.
Hayes looked at me and kissed his girlfriend, I tense up and walk upstairs. I look on my phone, there are still hashtags about us. I chuckle, then made a video.
"Hey guys, this is an update, Hayes and I has broken up last week, I'm surprised he hasn't told you yet because he usually tweets about his life mainly on Twitter. But yeah this is the truth about us love y'all bye." I kiss my hands and put it on the camera.
I finish my recording and post it on YouTube after editing it. I grab my phone since, Riley hasn't texted me. I walk downstairs, "Cameron I'll be at Riley's." I said, "I'm surprised she hasn't told you." Matt said, I look at him giving him a questioning look.
"What?" I whisper asking, "Yeah she said she hated you for dumping Hayes, she said she loved it when you were happier and act like no one had feelings in the world but you." he told me, Hayes looks at me rolling his eyes, "Here comes the tear." Hayes said his girlfriend giggles.
I look at Cameron, he sighs. I walk upstairs looking in my moms draw for a blade. I start to cut my wrist again, I keep quiet. Cameron opens the door, "No." he said in a stern voice, "Give me All of your blades." Cameron said, I hand him that one, I get three from my room, and four from the downstairs bathroom.
"Are you happy, at this point in time. I wish I could die, I wish I never came into the world." I said to him I let my blood spill out hoping I'd lose a lot. He grabs a towel and puts a bandage over it. I sigh and walk out the house slamming the door.
I start to walk around where Conner and I used to play at, and when Conner first broke his arm. Conner and I were so close it got to the point people thought we were weird because they thought we dated as brother and sister. I start to hallucinate, and see him.
"Hey Keegan. I miss you." he said, I smile and start to tear up, "I missed you too, I miss being with you, I miss everything when you were in my life." I start cry, "Everything will get better, I promise." he said, I look down.
"I want to be with you." I whispered, "I want you to live your life and grow old with your new family." he said, "Okay." I whisper, I turn around and walk home, "Love you Keegan." He said, "Love you too." I whisper.
I walk to Riley's house, "Hey." she smiles, "Don't give me that crap." I said she frowns, "What do you mean." She asks.