
"Yeah it was fine." I said, he kissed my forehead, and I smiled. "Aww!" Nash said, "Go get Hayes." I said, "He won't want to cuddle with me." Nash said, "Just go get him." I said he nodded, "Nash stop leave me alone!" I heard Hayes groan, Cameron and I laughed. Nash soon walked in with Hayes in his arms. Nash laid close to the wall putting Hayes next to me.
I turned to face him, he kissed my nose. "What the heck Hayes?" Nash asked, I giggled. I felt something crawl on my leg, I look to see Cameron's hand, "You gave me a heart attack." I pulled his hand to his side.
"Why can't I cuddle with my baby sissy!" He whined pulling me closer, "Stop!" I whined pulling away, "Noo." he whined, I wrapped my arms around Hayes, "Nooo!" Cameron whined, I turned to him, "What do you want?" I asked him, "I'm tired." he said, I heard little cries.
I stood up and he held onto my legs, he flipped me over on his shoulder making my dress go up to my head. "Cameron stop!" I whined, he walked into my room and I picked her up cuddling her into my arms.
She calmed down and I gave her a pacifier, I walked back into Cameron's room laying back in my spot, Nash wrapped his arms around Hayes, "Nash stop!" Hayes said moving his arms away, Cameron did the same.
"Stop it." I looked at him, I chuckled getting up, I went to my room changing into a royal blue fitted tank top with my sweatpants. I laid back down in Cameron's room and he rubbed his finger tips on my arms.
"Cameron Alexander Dallas stop." I started laughing, "No I love you." he said kissing my cheek, "I hate you." I said, I turned around, "I'm sorry." I chuckled again hugging him, I wrapped my one leg around him. "I'm so sorry Cameron." I smiled I kissed his cheek and forehead.
Bailey started giggling and I smiled at Hayes, "Hayes hug me!" Nash said, "No." he said, "You only get that chance once Hayes." Cameron said, "I think I'm hanging around you too much." Cameron said I smacked his chest.
Bailey's lip started trembling, I picked her up and scooted towards Hayes, she laid on my chest grabbing onto my shirt, "Whoa little one." I said pulling my shirt up, "Those are mine." Hayes whined Nash smacked him.
"Ow what was that for?" He asked, "That was a nasty comment." he laughed, "He says it all the time." I said Hayes gave me a why would you say that look, I chuckled. "Nash don't slap him, I mean they are his." I said doing a little shimmy, Cameron smacked my butt.
"I'm being slapped on my butt by my brother that's not weird at all." I said holding my butt, "Get used to it." Cameron said, I laughed. She pulled my shirt down getting her drool on me, I gasped, "Ew, Cameron will you get her burp cloth and a bottle?" I asked him, he nodded getting up.
He soon came back with a burp cloth, "Your neck smells like a baby." Cameron said, I laughed, "Well she drooled on me." I said he chuckled, I laid her on his pillow. I pulled my shirt up under my bra, "What are you doing?" Cameron asked, "Its hot in your room." I said he chuckled cutting the fan on.
I covered her up, "We might sleep in here." I told Cameron, "Okay." was all he said, Hayes kissed me and Cameron tried pulling me back but I crawled on him, "Okay no not in my room." Cameron said, I laughed pulling away laying back with Cameron.
I picked up Bailey grabbing a diaper, "How'd you know if she used the bathroom or not?" Nash asked, "She drunk a bottle when we were at the mall and it takes time for a baby to use the bathroom." I explained to him, I grabbed wipes, I cleaned her up and Sierra calls.
"Yaas?" I answer, "Is she okay?" She asked, "Yep, She's fine." I said, "Oh can she spend the night because Ryan has something going on and I don't want her here just in case." she said, "Yeah of course." I said, "Okay thanks love you." she said, "No problem and love you too." I said, "Bye." she said, "Bye." I said then hung up.