
Keegan's POV
"Keegan wake up!" Cameron said, I groan, Jake started barking and I hopped up, "Wow." Cameron said, "Why would you do that Jake?" I asked laying back down, he starts to lick my face.
I pick him up, "Your gonna get a bath before people get here." I told him, Jake gave me a startled look I chuckled I started the bath water for him and put him in it, I cut it off closing the door, I brush my teeth, wash my face, and put on a diamond sweatshirt, black sweatpants, and my white socks.
I pull my sleeves up and let him smell like pumpkin spice, "You smell good." I tell him, I rinse him off with the shower head, I plug up my blow dryer and blow dry him. We walk downstairs my hair is a mess, I walk into the kitchen then make myself breakfast, I made a smoothie again with oats.
Jake was growing teeth now so I crushed up a cup or dog food, and see if he liked it, he didn't, I poured his formula in it and since the bowl was big his paw was in it "Messy eater." I chuckled then washed what I used.
When Jake finished I cleaned his paw up and we walked in the living room I say crisscross because that how I usually sit. Mom, Cameron, and Sierra came down, they ate and came in, I crawled on the floor gathering all my gifts, I open moms gift, it was a blue sweatshirt with Cameron and Conner on it, I look at her.
"Thanks mommy." I smile, Cameron opens the same one and it had me and Conner on it. I opened Nash's next, it was a necklace that said best sister forever, next was Hayes, it was a letter and a little box.
Letter: I know we broke up but I wanted to give you this in my apology, I love you so much, I hope we can be best friends and not have it awkward around us as always.
I open the box and it was a sliver ring with a little diamond in the middle, I chuckle then put it back in the box. Next was Sammy's, It had a little necklace that said K&S in the heart.
We soon finished opening presents, I got a lot of sweatshirts and sweatpants, and also Galaxy vans. We cleaned up around us and I put my gifts in my room. "Jake come open your presents." I said I had mom record it, Jake tore his first present up, it was a little sweater, he opened his second one and it was a toy.
The last one was from Cameron, so I let him give it to Jake. I saw a little sweatshirt that said Cameron, and Keegan, Dallas is the best. "Aww!" I hug Cameron, he hugs me back and Jake jumps on us, I chuckle and kiss his head, Cameron does the same, the door opens to a group of boys.
"Keegan me and Sierra will be back." Mom said getting her keys and walking out with Sierra. I hug each and every boy and Riley in the room, "Thank you." I say to them they all nod,
"Jake what do you say to your girlfriend?" I asked him, "I wooove yoooou." He barked I laughed and gave him a treat, "Christmas with these guys." I vine us, "I'm going to sleep." I said, "Why you already up and ready?" Cameron asked, "What time is it?" I ask him, "Six in the morning." I said, I pulled the blanket over me then fell asleep.
"Wake up." Cameron smacked my thigh, "CAMERON!" I shout laughing, he chuckles I tear the blanket off of me and run towards him he slipped and I laughed then I slipped on my back making a loud thud, I start laughing. Cameron helped me up and I walk into the kitchen taking my pill.
I start to choke on my water when Cameron walked in and slipped, I start laughing still choking, I drink my water and swallow it then laugh again all the guys come in, I fall to the floor laughing and crying. "I think I'm done slipping for today." he said and he slipped right next to me from my water.
I stop laughing but I keep giggling, "That's what you get." I said, he starts to tickle me more and I start kicking and squirming around, I felt the puke coming up my throat I slap him running to the bathroom puking.