
Keegan's POV
"Keegan?" Hayes woke me up, "What?" I groaned, I realized I was on top of him, "You have your photo shoot today." he mumbled, I shook my head, "I'm tired." I groaned again, "I know you are." Hayes said, sitting up.
"Look at me." he said, I shook my head, "I look horrible." I said, "I can see your pretty eyes open let me see them." he chuckled, I slowly looked up and he kisses me, "I'm gonna take a shower." I said, "I'm coming." he said standing up, "Okay." I said.
I brushed my teeth along with Hayes then started the shower, I leaned my head down letting the hair drown my hair. "Babe." Hayes chuckled, "I'm tired." I groaned I laid on his chest slowly falling asleep.
"Keegan do you want me to wash you?" He asked me, I slowly nodded. He grabbed my ruffled blue and pink sponge, I handed him the soap and it was fresh apples mixed with cinnamon, he started to wash my back and my arms. I lift my arms up as told and he washed my armpits, he washed from my chest to my stomach and my legs.
"I'm so tired." I groaned looking at him, "I know you look tired." he told me, he washed up and I shut the shower off, he wrapped himself in a towel around is waist and I did too. I lifted my arms for him to carry me, he put on his boxers first then carried me to my closet bridal style.
I grabbed my underwear and strapless bra, when I finished putting that on, I heard my song play and I dried my hair dancing along, "I thought you were tired." Hayes smirked walking in, "I am but I like five seconds of summer." I said.
"I'm gonna dye my hair blonde." I said, Hayes nodded, I looked at his toned abs they were hot too, "Oh thanks baby." Hayes said, I covered my mouth, I turned around and picked my clothes out. "What's wrong baby." Hayes smirked asking me, he kissed my neck.
"Hayes Staap!" I laughed a little, I turned around and kissed him, "I love you." he said kissing my lips over and over, he picked me up hungrily. "Mm-I love you too." I whimpered quietly, he walked over to the door and shut it.
I pull away, and he tries to kiss me again but I lean back, "Hayes we need to get ready I'm still tired." I said laying on his shoulder, "Baby, really?" Hayes groaned I giggled kissing his neck up to his lips, "I'm sorry." I repeated over and over kissing his lips over and over.
"I'm so sorry." I kissed him again, "It's okay baby, get dressed." Hayes said I got down and put on my crop top, shorts, and my vans. Hayes got dressed wearing the same vans. "Aww!" Hayes said walking in, I smiled and kissed him.
I grabbed the dye and my gloves, I walked in my bathroom and dyed the ends of my hair, Hayes watched me and moved towards my back laying there, "I hope you are comfortable." I said sitting up, he whined and I giggled, I washed it and dried it.
It looked pretty awesome to me, I put it in a ponytail since it was growing pretty long. "You ready?" I asked Hayes he nodded, since we had the house to ourselves, I texted Cameron we were leaving. I walked to the car with Hayes grabbing us a water with lemon in it.
"Thanks baby." Hayes said putting his seat belt on, "You're welcome babe." I said putting my sunglasses on, then putting the sun roof down. Hayes held onto my hand, Everyone was staring at my Lamborghini.
"Hey we saw you at the movies!" The guys to my left said, "That's amazing." I said sarcastically, "Ooh feisty huh." He said making a face as it was supposed to be hot, I turned around and looked at the light.
I sped off and Hayes smiled, We stopped at another red light and the same car was next to us, "You can't get away from us babe, where are you going next?" He asked, Hayes gripped my hand, I looked at him, he smiled. I kissed him over the console.