
"Cradle her head." I helped him, "Aww!" Cameron and Nash say, I blushed smiling. Soon Bailey is in Sierra's arms feeding on a bottle. I sit in Hayes's chair while he talks to Sky, I felt weight on my thighs. "Cuddle with me." Hayes said.
"Ew no!" I said starting to laugh, "Come one you'd do anything to cuddle with me." Hayes said moving his head into my neck. "You guys should get home it's getting late." Sierra told us, I nodded and Hayes got up.
"Okay let's go." Hayes smiled, Tanner, Riley and I got up then walked out the door. When we got to the parking lot Hayes picked me up, "Hayes!" I laughed as he jogged, he put me in the passenger seat and they got in the back.
"First stop-" Hayes said but I cut him off, "NARNIA!" I yelled, they stared at me then laughed. Hayes started to drive and we got to there house, Nothing like us came on. I started to sing it, and "Bye guys!" I said waving, they waved back and Hayes pulls out the driveway.
I started to make a vine and Hayes smiled then kisses my cheek. We got home and I got out the car, "Don't forget my surprise." Hayes said smirking, I smiled and kissed him. He held onto my waist, pulling me closer than ever.
I jumped up and he carried me to my room, I quickly unhooked the straps from my overalls and took them off. I leaned up trying to deepen the kisses he gave me, All I want by Kodaline starts playing. I smiled at this moment and flipped us over taking off his shirt, he pulled off my crop top and I leaned back down to kiss him.
He flips us over again and takes off my overalls, he kisses my neck and down to my stomach. I grab his hands pulling them up to my sides, as I kissed him.
-------
We got our showers after the make out session, I was in a long sweater, soon all the guys walked in my room, I do my homework and Hayes and I soon fall asleep.
------Dream
"Keegan!" Mom yelled, "I cry every time." I groaned falling off the bed.
I walk downstairs, "Lets go to Lucas's house our parents want to talk." Mom said, "It's 11:00." I whined, "I know." she said, "Fine." I huffed, I walked upstairs madly I walked in my room pulling out random shorts and a tank top with my Nike free runs.
"That doesn't match." Cameron said, "Fine pick it out yourself." I snapped, he looked down, "I'm sorry." I hugged him, "It's okay." he said hugging back. I grabbed my Hayes Grier hoodie, denim shorts, and my Nike free runs.
I walked in the bathroom and looked at my hair, I kissed Hayes, "I'll be back I'm going with mom really quick." I said, he nodded.
I walked downstairs into the car with her, "Why'd you have an attitude?" She asked pulling out the driveway, "I never had an attitude, I just didn't want to go." I said, "I hate when you do that, you talk back when I know you know better." she said looking at me.
At this point we were yelling at each other, "Mom!" I yell as she swerved on the bridge, I started to cry as the car hit another car, flipping us over.
"Keegan baby, are you okay?" Mom asks, "Yes." I said, I look at my phone and Cameron was calling. "Cameron help me we got into a car accident and I want to get home and-" I start sobbing, "Shh, calm down I'm on my way." he said, "Please hurry." I said.
"I will babes, Are you on the bridge?" He asked, "Yes." I answered, "Keegan I want you to calm down." he said, "I want to go home, I want to be in be with Hayes and jake." I cry harder, I look at mom.