
"I love you so much." I whispered, "I love you more than that." he said, Hayes wrapped his arms around me I did the same to him and he picked me up behind my thighs. "Can you go to Cameron's room?" I asked him he nodded and started to walk to Cameron.
"Okay, what do you want?" He asked me, I wrote what happened on a piece of paper and handed it to him, "Why would he do that?" He asked I shrugged, the boys looked so confused Cameron looked at me as if he were asking me to let them know about it, I sighed nodding.
I put my head down on Hayes's shoulder, "Its okay babe they won't judge you." Hayes whispered, "Oh..." Nash said the rest of the boys couldn't say anything till Taylor did.
"You'll get through this." he hugged me from behind, A whole crowd of boys followed along with him and hugged me. "Thanks but, I have a dance to get to." I said Hayes took me back to my room and Hayes kissed me saying he would see me later I watched as he left, I took a hot shower, I did my hair, brushed my teeth, and shaved then put on a clear gel deodorant. Mom had to do my make up and the heels I bought looked perfect I instantly fell in love with them once I put them on.
I put my dress on then put on my earrings, "How do I look?" I asked Cameron walking into his room, "What the he//?" He said, "That's what I'm saying." I said they laughed, "You look very pretty." Nash said, "Aww thanks Nash." I smiled, "You're welcome." He said, the rest of them said I looked pretty and I thanked them as well.
I walked back in my room grabbing my phone and a money. I heard the door bell, I checked the time and it was time for me to go. "Keegan Hayes is here!" Mom shouts, I grabbed my silver glitter clutch walk downstairs slowly. Mom walks out of the room.
"Y-You look gorgeously amazing." Hayes stuttered, I blushed, "Thanks not so bad yourself, you look pretty hot." I said he chuckled, "Pictures." mom came out with her phone. "I hope you won't do this when prom comes up when I'm a senior." I said she shushed me and shut my mouth.
She took lots of pictures, "Oh!" I laugh when Hayes picks me up bridal style I kick on leg up and she takes the picture. Hayes puts me down and I take some pictures of me and him kissing on my phone then he dipped me.
"One more then we can leave." she said I nodded then put my hand on his chest and he put his around my waist. "Alright let's go." She said and gave me my phone.
I get in the back because Hayes has to be my escort, "Are you ready?" Mom asked as she pulled up, "Not really." I said Hayes got out the car and helped me out. Riley was right behind us and one of her guy best friend's offered to be her date.
"Omg you look hot." Riley said, "Thanks not so bad yourself." I said, "Why thank you." she said I nodded.
Hayes walked me inside he grabbed my hand and we just start talking. "You should spend the night tonight." I told him, "I might." he said, "Please." I begged him he smiled, "Okay, Okay." he said I kissed him, "Okay." I said.
"Come with me I'm putting my stuff in Your locker." I said, "Why not yours?" He chuckled asking, "Because you know a lot of boys would try to break in my locker." I said he nodded and out the combination in, "Thanks but I already knew what it was." I said he laughed.
"Let's go babe." he said we walked back to the dance floor and they soon played a slow song, the song was from vampire diaries all I need by within temptation. Hayes spun me around when they started to sing more everyone danced around us making a circle for us.