
Justin glared at me along with Hailey, "Wow." I said, "I don't like you." she said, "Oh you don't like me, wow, there's this thing called the exit, your a*s should take it." I smirked, she shut up as all the guys started oohing.
"How old are you, like five, well last time I checked." she said, Justin kissed her cheek. I started to get annoyed as he laughed and giggled with her. "Are you jealous?" He asked, "No, actually not because I have a better boyfriend than you'll ever be." I snapped.
"Wow, that hurt my little heart." he said with no emotion, I roll my eyes. "You're an a*s." I snapped as mom walked down, "Keegan?" Mom warned, "Im tired of hearing my name in other people's mouths." I say, limping into the kitchen, I washed my dish and walked to the car on my crutches.
Jake sat in my lap and I started the car, mom came out with the guys, "I told you about cursing." she warned me, I look at her and she looks back, "Mom you don't understand what happened so she had to." Cameron said.
"Well it's still not good to curse." she said, then gets a phone call, "Oh my gosh are you fu*king serious?" She yells, I bang my head against the window, "Kill me now!" I said, "Keegan stop." she looked at me, I turned to look at her we were on the bridge she started to swerve, "You aren't even paying attention." I said putting my knees to my chest.
"I am thanks." she said, I rolled my eyes and as soon as we got home I got out with Jake making my way in. I go upstairs in my room taking off my shirt and sweatpants then all the guys walk in.
"Should we come back another time?" Matthew asked, "Its not like you've never seen me in my bra and underwear before." I said, "True." they all said, I picked a white tank top, black sweatpants that were Hayes's. "Are those mine?" Hayes asked, "Mine now." I turned back to him.
"Guys come eat!" Mom said, we walked downstairs well I limped, Hayes picked me up because he didn't want my leg to get worse. I sat in my chair, mom made chicken enchiladas mine and Cameron's favorite.
"Keegan?" Cameron said, I nodded, "Thanks mom!" We both said with a mouth full, "Eww, Hayes wanna trade for Cameron?" Mom asked, "As well for Nash for Keegan." she added, "Mommy, I love you." I turned to look at her.
"I love you too Keegan." she said, I smiled as Cameron glared at me. "I'm donee." I sunk in my chair, "You are acting like an anchor falling down." Cameron chuckled, I started to giggle, "Wow Cameron." I smiled mom grabbed our plates except Cameron's.
"What?" He asked, "Dishes." she said, "Ugh Keegan." Cameron started, "Love you babes." I kissed his cheek, he grabbed my shirt pulling me down, "Cameron stop!" I whined, he kissed he corner of my mouth, "Ewwww!" We both said, "I meant to kiss your cheek." he laughed.
I sat in his lap and laid in his neck, "Are you tired because you have a boyfriend waiting on you." he said, I turned around and they were all gone, I turned around quickly facing Cameron and his lips touched mine.
"CAMERON EWW!" I screamed he laughed again, I laughed with him and got off of him, I grabbed soap suds from the sink and got it on him, "I love you Keegan." Cameron hugged me, "I love you too Cameron." I hug him back.
"Aww!" Mom got pictures of us, "What the he//, clean this up now!" She yelled laughing, I chuckled and helped Cameron clean up. "Have all the guys in the living room tonight, mom is gonna go talk to Liz." Cameron said.
I crawled upstairs and when I walked in my room, it was the guys. "Cameron wants y'all to go downstairs with him." I told them, they all walked out but I grabbed Hayes's hand and pulled him back, I brought my lips towards his and he smiled lifting me up.