
Hayes smiles looking at me I roll my eyes closing them after then out my hand on his neck. I groan as he starts to squeeze my butt, I look at the door and they were gone, we pull away. "Let's go swimming." he says I nod then get up to change into my strapless Victoria Secret bikinis. "Da*n baby." He bit his lip.
I chuckle he changes into his swimming trunks, I walk downstairs and Sammy picks me up, I start laughing, he squeezes my butt. "Ahh Sammy stop!" I squeal Riley follows us with Hayes. I go behind he water fall, Sammy bites his lips, I smile and he comes closer smashing his lips on mine.
I wrap my legs around his torso, my arms were on his shoulders. "You look hot." Sammy said before kissing me again, "Thank you." I smile pulling away. We finally get a breather, we get out the pool and only being followed by the two and only.
I take a quick shower and Sammy does too, We walk downstairs after we change into our pjs, Jake follows us, I sit on the island in the kitchen, "What do you say to pretty girls?" I ask him he starts to say hello.
I start laughing and feed him a treat, "Let's make cookies." I told Sammy he nodded, "Oh can we help?" Riley asks, "Sure." I sigh handing her a bowl, Sammy and Hayes starts laughing at her jokes. I sigh walking out, Sammy glances at before I walk out.
The guys said they were gonna go to a club so, I sit in the living room watching full house. "What's up?" Sammy asks, I don't look at him or give him any attention, "Come on." Sammy said, I sigh and look at him "Go have fun, go laugh at her jokes of what a complete sl*t I am." I say.
"You are not a sl*t." he said i look at him he crashed his lips on mine, "Go finish making the cookies." I say picking up Jake, I kiss him again, he gets up walking into the kitchen. I lay on the couch and Riley comes out, "Keegan, I'm not sorry." she said, "Okay." was all I said, "But you know what I'm sorry for, I'm sorry for saving your a*s out of a coffin, I'm sorry for crying every single day hoping you would come back, I'm sorry that I didn't die yet after what I've been through." I said.
She was about to say something, "Oh." Was all she said, "Yeah, so think about what you say. To one of your ex best friends because they've been there for you long enough to cry for you and help you when you needed it." I say walking towards her.
"Keegan I didn't mean it." she whispers, "Are you fu*king serious? You say this sh*t to me, then tell me your sorry, I will always care for you no matter what even if we aren't friends, but we will not be that close because what you said and your brother, I don't think I'm ready to forgive you yet." I said, "Keegan please." she whispers starting to cry I felt my tears coming.
"I don't know Riley, you stabbed me in my back, you weren't there for me when I stabbed myself in my stomach, I almost killed myself, and now you're dating my ex boyfriend after we made up last night." I say then get a phone call from Cameron.
"Cameron where are you?" I ask, "My car flipped over help me." he starts to cry, "Where are you?" I start to cry, "Down by the mansions." he said, "Ok I'm coming don't move." I said. "Sammy!" I call, "What?" He asks, "Cameron got in a car accident let's go." I said.
I grab the keys to the other car, I get in the driver seat and Sammy sits with Hayes in the back, Riley sits up front.
"Keegan I'm sorry." she whispered, "Stop fu*king saying you're sorry, you literally just told me ten minutes ago you weren't sorry." I back out the drive way.
"Please put on your seat belts." I told them, I start to drive down town. I see Cameron's car, I call the ambulance. "Cameron, I'm right here." I say as he answers his phone, "I want to go home." he cries, "I know Cam, I want pizza." I said he chuckles softly, "I'm in pain Keegan." he tells me, I tense up.