
I plugged in my teal studded beats watching The Great Gypsy I mean cause zayum Leonardo DiCaprio. I got up to use the bathroom, I checked under the cabinets for pads, "Mom!" I yell, "What?" She asks, "Could you go over to momma Grier's house to get some pads?" I asked her she nodded.
-----ten minutes later
"Thanks." I said she nodded and gave it to me I continued to watch the movie till it was over, I got up to wash my face and brush my teeth. When I finished I got back into bed I turned the other way. I cut off my lap top and put it on my desk. I turn around to see Hayes, I gasped scarily, "Are you okay?" He asked me, "Please just leave none of you what so ever care about my feelings, so if you can take a yeah I'm fine then yeah I'm perfectly fine." I said he brought his lips to mine I didn't kiss back until he grabbed my butt.
We pulled away and he walked out, I was completely shocked so I laid in my bed falling asleep quickly.
Dream
Just as Cameron tucked me in a few minutes later I hear mom cut on my light and felt someone come closer to me. I open my eyes, to see Conner.
"Oh my gosh!" I hug him tightly screaming then crying, "I missed you so much Conner I needed you." I said he kissed my cheek.
"I need you too and I missed you a lot more." he said he rubbed through his shaggy chocolate brown hair with a hint of blonde in it.
"Ugh." He said hugging me again, Cameron came into the room he tackled Conner to the floor hugging him tightly, "Conner I missed you." he said
"Wake up." Conner told me, "What?" I asked, "Wake up it's only just a dream." he said.
---------
"Conner?" I gasped, I looked around, I found a flashlight and my moccasins, they went with my outfit well. I got up unlocked the door I walked to the grave yard to find Conner's name.
"I miss you Conner, my life was sooo much easier back then, now life is hard without you. You're usually the one who helps me solve my problems when I need them. Thank you. I love you....a lot, now it's like I'm a shadow to everyone, I can't help but cut myself and I bet you're watching me trying to get me to stop, sometime I feel you pressuring me to stop when I nearly can't. You were probably mad when Cameron got back with his girlfriend Chloe. The one who tried to kill me, yeah I was too he broke up with her but we don't have that special bond anymore like we used too. Please help me go to sleep tonight I do have school tomorrow and I hope I don't get caught." I finished talking to him.
I give him a rose, I stood up and walked home, "Where were you young lady?" Mom asked me, "Just talking to Conner." I said, "Please don't go by yourself next time-" I cut her off, "Mom if I got hurt Conner would protect me he knows what he has to do he will give me a smart reason to I'm never alone I'm with Conner." I said.
I walked off into my room shutting my door, I laid down in my bed. I shut my curtains and lay in bed and quickly fall asleep.
"I love you Conner." I whisper.
Conner's POV
"I love you too Keegan sleep tight." I said