
---------Miami
"It's hot here." I said, Riley nodded and we met with our team. "Keegan hi!" Lauren smiled, I smiled back, it was one of the snotty girls from school, "Hey Lauren." I smile and she hugs me I hug her back not wanting to.
We went to the hotel chilling for a bit and I get a FaceTime call from Hayes. "Did you make it safe yet?" He asked, "Yeah, how's Jake holding up?" I asked, "He keeps whining so Cameron gave him one of your shirts to let him sleep with." he said running his hands through his hair. That killed me, I drop my phone and all the girls ooh at the fact that I was face timing Hayes I quickly pick my phone up.
"What's that all about?" He asked, "Well you know us cheerleaders, all perky." I said in a perky annoying voice, I roll my eyes. "You roll your eyes a lot." Hayes said I chuckled, "I know." I said, "I miss you already!" Hayes pouts, Jake hops on the bed and his tail starts to wiggle.
"I miss you more babe." I said then the girls aww'ed, I blushed and Hayes smiles, I look at Jake and he lays down falling on his side lifting his arm up, "Hayes he wants you to rub him." I said he looked to his side at Jake and he rubs his side.
"Alright girls start getting ready." Coach Lesley said, "Bye baby, I love you so much." Hayes said, "I love you a lot more, bye." I said Jake whines, "Bye Jake!" I said he barks and lays in his bed, Hayes ends the call and I get dressed into my cheer uniform, I put my hair into a ponytail with the bow.
I curl my ponytail and do all the other girls, I do my make up perfect and Hayes told me to send a picture of me, I smile I put up a peace sign and take a picture then send it to him.
He tells me I look sexy, I start to laugh and drink my water, I thank him and put on my cheer shoes, then put on an oversized shirt that covered my shorts too.
I tell him I took one of his shirts for bed and he tells me okay. We stop texting then we start practicing, I do everything I do and since Booty work was in the cheer dance, I guess I was supposed to be the leader of that song.
-------Competition
"Alright ladies and gentle man, could you please stand for the pledge of allegiance." the intercom speaks, we all stand up and as soon as that's over we practice while the other teams start to show.
"Alright welcome to the stage the wildcats." they call us we get into our positions and we usually start off with hugs from everyone and I hugged Riley, the music starts to play and I do a front lay out, I do lots of flips, cartwheels, and the crowd roars with screams.
We go into a pyramid, I go flying into the sky, I kick in the air and they catch me safely. Booty work starts playing and my bow falls out, I flip my hair as if the routine was supposed to be like that, once it's over I stand there and my hair is blowing from the air.
I smile at everyone.
----awards
"Fifth place the Varsity Bobcats." he calls, they walk up to get their trophy. "Fourth place...Magic Dolphins." they walk up to get their trophy as well.
"Third place...Virginia Lake field." they get their trophy, "Second place is the Gators." they call.
Two teams are left which means one team might get first place or get no place.
"And in first place drum roll please..." They said as they started to do the drum roll, "North Carolina Wildcats!" They said loudly through the microphone. We all stood up they all decided I would get the trophy, my skirt was up to my waist from sitting down, so the back of my bloomers showed.