
They were all laughing and I giggled, "That's not funny." I said laying back letting the sun tan me, "I didn't put sun block on!" I groaned, "I have some in my bag." Penelope smiled, "Thank you." I said, I stood up, lost my balance, screamed and fell into the water.
"Why do I fall in water too?" I asked coming up, "Who knows?" Nash said, I laughed and walked out I went to the changing room where they left there stuff, the guys watched as I bent over.
"Ooh!" They whistled, I rolled my eyes and dried off with my towel, "Keegan throw me the football." Nash said, "She can't throw like a football player." Cameron said looking at me, "Wanna bet?" I asked him, he nodded Nash moved and I threw the ball at Cameron. He kinda lost his balance too.
"What playboy." I said putting on sunscreen, "Hayes!" I groaned walking towards him, "What?" He asked, "Can you get my back?" I asked him turning around, "I'll get your butt too." he smirked as I turned around, "Okay." I giggled.
He got my back and rubbed my butt, "OOOOH!" All the guys looked at us, I smiled and turned around kissing Hayes, I lifted my leg giving them a show. "Okay." I laughed pulling away, "Let's play football." Taylor yelled, Hayes grabbed my hand, "KEEGAN PLAY!" Cameron yelled, I groaned.
Hayes picked me up, "Okay." I said, We had Jack, Jack, Taylor, me, Matt, and Hayes. On the other team was, Cameron, Nina, Heather, Carter, Nash, and Penelope.
We got in the stance, Cameron threw the ball to Carter but he missed and I caught it from behind throwing it to Taylor, and we made touch down, "That's sad Cameron." I said, as Hayes picked me up, "Don't say that to my baby." Nina glared playfully, "Your baby, is a bit*h at home." I told her Cameron smirked.
"Cameron don't be mean to her." she scolded him, I looked at Hayes, "Uh..." was all I said he laughed and I smiling looking at his lips. I kissed him and it started to get dark and soon the movie buddy's left. "JAKE!" I scream, he runs towards me and he tackles me, "That works too babes." I said he licked my face.
"I....So tired." I said, standing up, I laid on Hayes's lap, he picked me up and sat me in his lap, I cuddled in his chest, the fell asleep.
-------
I felt myself being sprinkled with water, "What the heck!" I screamed then noticed I was in the shower with Hayes, "You fell asleep again?" He asks, "Oh." I said, "Wow." He laughs, "Will you wash me?" I asked him he nodded, and I fell asleep on his chest.
He turns me the other way and washes me, I rinse off and he wrapped me in a towel, he dried off putting on his shirt and boxer, I put on my black underwear, with my neon blue sports bra and a long creamy v-neck shirt. I blow dried my hair, Hayes came upstairs handing me my water, I drunk half of it with my pill, I did my homework and literally fell asleep.
"Good night baby." Hayes said kissing me, "Good night." I said laying next to him, "My stomach hurts." I said, he lifted my shirt and rubbed my stomach slowly, I turned on my music from my laptop from five seconds of summer, beside you starts to play.
"Mm-it hurts bad." I said looking at Hayes, "I know baby, that's what a cramp does." he said kissing my forehead, I wrapped my arms around his sides and he wiped the tears away. "Just try to sleep it off." Hayes said, I nodded slowly.
I fell asleep in pain.
--------DREAM
"Good job baby one more." Hayes whispered, "Look down." the nurses kept repeating, I did and saw my new baby boy. I looked at Hayes, "Good job baby girl." Hayes said and kissed me.