
"I've got Hayes then." I said getting up and kissing him, "I love you too." Cameron said quickly, I chuckle then pull away. "No it's too late." I smile, "Keegan!" He whines I get up limping down stairs, Cameron comes after me.
"Mom!" I shout, the faster I walk the bad how it starts to hurt, Cameron was laughing and I laughed, he soon stop laughing coming towards me, he lifts me up I smile then kissed his cheek. "Oh, Michelle, this is my son and daughter, Keegan and Cameron, I have another daughter her name is Sierra and is at home." she said.
I giggled as Cameron bit my ear, "Stop!" I say, mom looks at us and we give her a sweet smile, "Love you mom." we both say, I start laughing when he does. He continues to bite my ear and I tilt my head, he starts to walk away laughing.
We walk upstairs and he starts tickling me, I scream laughing as I fell to the floor with him. I tried to get used to it and I couldn't, I start to squirm around and Cameron laughs then he stops. I stop laughing then he helps me up, pulling me into a hug.
"Aww, it's that Dallas love though." Nash said holding up his phone, I chuckle. I sit on my bed, "I guess we have new neighbors." I say, "What?" Hayes said, "Yeah, he's an only child, his name is Lucas." I said, Hayes looks jealous, I chuckle falling onto my bed next to him, I turn my head looking at the back of his head.
I pull him back with me by his waist, I wrap my legs around his, I kiss him with my wet lips, "Ew stop!" He laughed I kissed him again on his cheek. "Staap!" He laughs the guys were all vining us, I chuckled and kissed him again. Hayes kisses me and I laughed pulling away.
Cameron plays music on my laptop and You and I comes on. Jake hops up standing on his hind legs jumping around, I laugh and hand him a treat, "You need a bath." I say, he runs in a corner, "Jake!" I whine, he comes out slowly and I lay on the floor, he pounces on my face.
"Ow!" I shout laughing as his claws were on my neck and cheek. Jake licks my cheek and neck, "Hey, no that's my spot." Hayes said, Cameron laughed, "I guess he told us where your sweet spot is." Cameron said, I blushed.
I walk in the bathroom with I turn around seeing Hudson, I pick up Jake, I turn around walking out, "I need to take my pill." I told Cameron, he handed me water and my pill, he plopped it into my mouth and put water in my mouth, I swallowed it and he giggled and kept pouring it, I kept swallowing and started to choke, I laughed and spit it on my floor "Mom!" I yell, Cameron laughs.
I start laughing, mom walks in then walks out, "Mom?" I question, she comes back in with towels, she cleaned it up and I walked into the bathroom cleaning my face up then walk out, "Thanks mommy." I say jumping in her arms, she spins me around and I laugh.
I get down and limped into the bathroom, I cleaned up Jake, his shampoo was the s'mores frappe from Starbucks. When he finished I rinsed him off then blow dried him. "Go Jake." I smile at him he jumps down and runs out the bathroom. "Keegan!" Mom yells, I shake my head rolling backwards on my bed landing on my feet. "Yes!" I yell back.
"Sierra is waiting." she said, I grab my crutches and limp downstairs, I started to walk on them really good, so I grabbed a water bottle and fruit. We got to her car, I got in from a little help from Cameron. "Thanks." I said he nodded.
"Okay." She said, Cameron takes a strawberry from my bowl, I stare at him he smiles, "I love you." he said, "Aww Keegan." mom gushed, "Um..." I say, Mom smacks my thigh and I flinch, "I love you too Cameron." I look at him, he kisses my cheek.
We got to Sierra, and I closed my eyes every time, we would have to go over the bridge, I hold my necklace that he wanted to give to me. I open my eyes and mom was glancing at me, I looked at the road, "Mom." I said she quickly looked back and swerved back.