
I walked back then we all smiled, We talked and I felt a kiss on my cheek, I turned around to see Hayes, "Hey." I said then turned back, I stopped talking and turned back around hugging Hayes.
"I love you." I said as he picked me up I wrapped legs around his waist, "I love you more baby." Hayes said we earned Aww's from the girls, I got down and Hayes kissed me, I kissed back, and then we pulled away.
Cameron came around with Jake, who was jumping up on his hind legs, I pick him up and he licks my face, "I missed you a lot." I told him, "Thanks." I told Cameron as he gave me flowers.
"You're welcome." he said, I look at Hayes and he's staring at my butt, I blushed and backed up leaning against him, "Whatcha lookin' at?" I asked, "Your fine a*s." He said, I laughed at Cameron reaction and Carters.
"I'm tired." I said, Jake barked, "I'm taking that as a me too." I said, they chuckle and I pick Jake up again. "Girls since we have nothing else to do we can stay for an extra day to go to the beach." coach said I looked at Cameron he looked at the guys and the guys looked at me, "YES!" I screamed they started playing music.
"Ew look at her she looks like she can't do a thing." Two girls talk about me, "I can actually that's why you guys got no place." I said, "You look like if you do a back flip you will just break." they said, I laughed and the girls moved off the mat along with the boys, and Jake went to Hayes.
"You are about to get owned bit*hes." Riley said to them they rolled their eyes, I began with a back handspring into a double whip double, Double full, and a front one and a half.
Both of their mouths were open, I fake a smile at them and walk to Hayes, I start to play in his hair, he pulls me closer and his head is on my stomach, "Okay, can we leave now, I really want pizza." I said, "I'm tired of pizza." Nash said, the two girls soon left, then I got a lot of comments from the guys about pizza.
"OKAY DA*N!" I shout laughing, Hayes's eyes were closed, and I smiled. "I loved that hair flip." Hayes looked at me, "Aww thanks." I smile, he nods, Ghost starts playing by Ella Henderson. Riley and I look at each other and Hayes sits up.
Riley jumps on my back catching me off guard so I fall, I laugh pushing her off as always. We do some kind of dance that came to our mind, I looked at her dancing and fell to the floor laughing at it.
"Was it really that funny?" She asked, I start snorting nodding, I stand up, and do a hand stand my cheer shirts goes up and luckily I have a bandeau on. I kick over and my face is red from walking upside down to long.
I walk back to Hayes and sit on him, "You smell bad." Cameron said, "Are you stupid?" I asked him, "I just got done with competition working hard as ever and you're gonna ask that?" I start to laugh as Nash does.
"I'm going to TGI Friday's, bye." I said snatching the keys out of Cameron's hands. I turn to see him stand up walking towards me, "Keegan give me my keys." he whined I back pedaled and fell on my butt, he tripped and landed right on top of me.
I groaned loudly, "Off!" I said, "Nah I'm good." he said, I look at Riley and she was laughing. "Do you want to start hurting?" I asked he quickly got up and roll backwards standing up.
"Take fast."I said and tossed Cameron his keys, he looked at me and caught them. I walk up to Hayes and I grab his arms pulling him up, he wrapped his arms around me and I smile.
"Okay I'm not just gonna stand here with Hayes, not eating anything for three straight hours I'm leaving." I said to them, I pull away from Hayes and walk to the unlocked car sitting in it. I leave my skirt up and text Riley, she said the guys were coming, and she was riding with me.