
She grabbed my wrist tightly, "Ow mom you're hurting me." I whined, "S-Sorry." she soon let go, I look at my wrist and it was red, "Keegan there is only one more, I promise that I will show you if you like." she said.
I nodded and she took me into my dance room, I saw a box full of Conner's things, his football and posters pictures of us. "I'm tired goodnight." I told her she kissed my cheek and told me good night, I walked into my room.
"Is everything okay?" Cameron asked, I nodded, "I'm gonna forget what happened." I said, "On the other hand, how's life?" Cameron asked out of nowhere, "Amazing thanks for asking." I said he smiled, Jake whimpered.
I looked at Cameron, He started spinning around and I got up along with Cameron he started walking towards mom's room. I walked in and she was talking to Hudson's dad. "Hey, yeah they can come over and hang out with the boys in sure they don't have anything to do tomorrow except Keegan she has a photo shoot tomorrow." she said, I walked back to my room and ran into my door.
"Oh my-" I started to cry and heard Cameron laughing, I walked into my bathroom and I had a red mark on my forehead. I walk out slapping Cameron, "I'm sorry." he laughs again, I lay under my covers Hayes lays next to me, I lay my head on his cheek.
"This is really comfortable." Hayes said, I chuckled and moved, I wrapped my leg around him, "Okay well, we'll be back we are gonna take showers." Nash said I nodded and they all walked out.
I kissed Hayes as they closed my door, he climbed over me without breaking the kiss. His hand travel up my shirt, "I love you." Hayes breathed out, he slowly rolled his hips on mine. "I love you." I say kissing him again, I put my hands on his neck and he wraps his arms around my sides.
--------- ten minutes
After that little make out session, the door opens and they all walk in, I lay on Hayes's chest and hear his heartbeat. My phone starts ringing and it was Nina, "Cameron already texted you." I told her, "Yeah, I know, can I come over like after the photo shoot tomorrow?" She asks, I look at Cameron and he was smiling texting her.
"Yeah sure." I said, "Alright bye." she said, "Bye." I said hanging up, I put it back on the charger and lay in Hayes's neck, he wraps his arms around me. I soon close my eyes and the guys pass out on the floor with a blanket over them.
"Good night Jake." I said as he closed my door, he barks and lays at the bottom of my bed. He soon crawls up and his head was always in my shirt. "Why?" I question, Hayes opens his eyes and chuckles, "Jake I've already told you those are mine." Hayes said Jake started to playfully growl, "Okay okay we can share them." he said.
I laughed and Hayes stuck his hand under my shirt, I blush as he plays with my bra strap. I kiss him and soon fall asleep after his hand was on my waist.