
I give him a long stare, Hayes takes me inside with Jake in my arms. "Don't do that Jake." I said he hid in my neck. "When can I have a normal day without getting hurt?" I asked, he shrugged.
"Let's ask out parents to go to a hotel tonight." Hayes said, I nodded. "Go ask your ill ask mine." I smiled at him he kissed me and walked towards his mom and dad, I walked to mom.
"Can we go to a hotel that's not really far because I just want to have a normal day without being hurt or something happening to us?" I asked her, "Sure if the Griers are okay with Hayes." she said, I looked at Hayes and nodded, he then looked at me and nodded.
I smiled and walked to him kissing him. "She said yes." we both said, I chuckled he picked me up spinning me around. "I can't wait." he said, "Me neither." I said smiling, "You guys do know what you are and aren't supposed to do right?" Mom asked we both nodded.
"Before you guys leave we are gonna have the talk." she said, "Uhn no we won't do anything stupid, we know better." I said she smiled nodding, "Okay." was all she said, "Could I have everyone stand up and have your attention." momma Grier said, Hayes and I looked at each other I shrugged and he did too.
"Since we are having a Christmas party we want to thank you guys so much for coming, so we are gonna do a toast off." she said, Hayes grabbed me apple cider I smiled, We finished the party, Hayes and I packed our bags for only three days, "You guys ready?" Mom asked, "Yeah." I smiled, I took Jakes formula, I packed him a couple of sweaters since it was still cold.
"Let's go babe." Hayes said I smiled, Mom got a new car, she bought one for me too, it was a new Camry too. "Okay." I said Hayes and I got there and we got to our hotel.
I was soon engulfed by kisses on my face, "Wha-" Hayes cut me off kissing me, I smile and bit his lip a little, he deepened the kiss I smiled then pull away. "I need a shower." I told him he nodded.
I took a shower, then put on a pair of yoga pants, and a long sleeve tie dye shirt. I blow dried my hair and brushed it out then put it in a messy bun. I walked out Hayes was on the bed in his boxers, I chuckle then crawl next to him. "Are you gonna take a shower?" I asked, "Yes but..." he started crawling over me then kissed me.
I played in his hair, he bit my lip and his hand made it up my shirt. "Hayes, take a shower." I pull away fast, "Come on have fun a little." he groaned pulling his hand from under my shirt. "I will when you are done with your shower." I told him he smiled and crawled off of me into to bathroom.
I giggle and Jake hops next to me, I smile. "Fake sleep." I whispered to him, he closed his eyes and I did too, five minutes later he comes out the shower. "Keegan?" Hayes said, I try not to smile and I successfully didn't. "Really?" He groaned, he crawled next to me, "Surprise!" I scream and Jake faces him and licks his nose.
Hayes smiled and I noticed he was only in boxers, Jake crawls in his bed and I crawl on Hayes. I teased him making my fingers travel from his abs to his chest, I bit my lip and he stares at me. I smile a little then kissed him, "Took you long enough, thought I had to tease you back." he chuckled, I deepened the kiss harder and he flips us over.
"Hayes don't get ahead of yourself." I told him he nodded and kissed from my neck to my boobs. I gasped and he kissed me to keep me quiet, I chuckled and he wrapped my legs around his waist, "I love you." I smiled, "I love you more." he kissed me.
I closed my eyes and Hayes's hand traveled up my waist to my chest, He mumbles something and I kiss him. "I'm tired." we both say, then we laugh, "Good night baby." he whispers crawling off of me, "Good night babe." I kissed him and laid on his chest cuddling with him.