
His friends caught up with him, "Hey Keegan!" Lauren smiled, "Hi." I said walking away. I turned around grabbing her bottle out of her bag from Hayes, but he pulled me back.
"Stop baby." Hayes said quietly holding me back, "If you're gonna hang out with them go ahead I'm not stopping you." I said pulling away. "Keegan!" He said, I sighed and kept walking.
When I walked in, Hayes caught up with me. "Hayes leave the big baby alone." Lauren said, "I didn't cry when I got cut from the team, oh wait that was you." I said, "Oops." I added covering my mouth looking so surprised.
She rolled her eyes, Hayes smashed his lips on mine and I kissed back, "I came with you didn't I?" He asked, I slowly nodded, Bailey starts crying, I took her out and fed her.
"Let's go." Hayes said, I smiled his friends walked with us and talked to us. "So did you and Hayes...?" He trailed off, "No." we both said, "Then who is this?" He asked, "Our niece." Hayes said, "Aww you guys are gonna get married?" He asked.
"Well I would hope so." Hayes said making me blush, She finishes her bottle and I put the burp cloth on his shoulder, "Do you know how to burp her?" I asked he nodded.
I put her on his shoulder and he starts patting her back gently I wrap my arm around his waist. She soon burped and spit up a little, I helped him clean her mouth up a little.
He set her back into my arms, she soon fell asleep on my chest and put a blanket on her. We soon started shopping, I got her a sleeper just in case she was to stay the night.
I got a couple of bikinis, we ended up in Victoria Secret. The boys didn't want to go in so it was just Lauren and I, I got a couple of bras and more bikinis. "Hey Keegan." Nina said, "Hey when is my next photo shoot?" I asked, "Next Monday." she said, "Wait what?" Lauren asked.
"Don't say a word." I told Nina, she nodded and started speaking Spanish. "Are you a model?" Lauren asked me, "Yes." I said, walking towards the cash register.
When I paid I walked out then Lauren caught up, "Wait, wait, how'd you get it?" She asked, "Are you surprised or interested in what I do?" I asked her Hayes gave me a look, I breathed out holding Bailey's head I walked into other stores.
I started to get tired and decided to leave, Hayes grabbed my hand, wrapping his arm around me. I didn't say anything to him, "So...Is it fun doing a photo shoot all day?" Lauren asked me trying to be nice.
"Why are you being so nice to me after all this time you try to make a friendship happen." I said, "Keegan she's trying to be nice to you." Hayes said, I pull out of his grip walking out to the car. I put her in the car seat and she stretched still asleep, I sat in the car turning the air on until Hayes got in.
"Why?" He asked me, I looked at him, "Don't look at my like that, why are you acting to mean towards her?" He asked, "She never told you, how she bullied me throughout middle school and freshman year, that's half the reason why I wanted to be homeschooled. She's been my best friend in elementary school until she started teasing me about Conner." I said, he couldn't say anything.
I pulled out the parking lot and drove home, I took her out of the car seat and carried her inside along with my bags. I walked into my room putting my bags down in my closet, I put pillows on every side of my bed so she wouldn't roll. I walked out leaving the door cracked a little, Jake stayed in just in case.
I walked into Cameron's room, "Hi." I said he looked at me smiling as I took my shoes off, "Hey what's up?" He asked, "Nothing Bailey is sleeping right now so." I cuddled with him, "Oh was it fun at the mall?" He asked.