
Hayes finishes and puts on clothes we walk downstairs back out side, "I'll be back." I told Hayes. I saw a happy Riley, I ran jumping into her arms, she caught me but off guard.
"I love you." I said she smiled and cries, "I thought you were mad." she said putting me down then hugging me, "I love you too." she said, "I was mad at mom she's known for a month without telling me, you had a good reason to keep it from me."i said she nodded.
"I'll see you tomorrow, I have surgery Sunday so if I'm still alive I will see you the week after that." she said. "Oh okay." I said starting to tear up again. "I love you." she said, "I love you too." I said I hugged her again. She walks home and so do the rest of the people I cry again and Hayes hugs me I sob into his chest.
"Oh my gosh." he whispers, I look up and he looks at Riley who passed out. I pulled away running towards her. "MOM!" I yell, she calls the ambulance. "Wake up please." I cry, "Please!" I cry louder Hayes pulls me away from her.
Cameron and Nash looks shocked, I hug Hayes tighter, "I wish this is over." I sob, "It's going to be over sooner than you think and she will be here still." he said, he picks me up again, "Im sorry." I said "Are you going to the hospital with her?" One of them asked me I nodded getting in so does Hayes.
"She's gonna be okay we will do everything we can." The other one says, I cry and Hayes rubs my back, "Shhh, it's okay." Hayes calms me down, I start to breathe okay and when we get there they rush her to the emergency room.
"Hayes!" I say he looks at me he notices I can't hold my tears, "Come on baby she's gonna be fine." Hayes said hugging me again, they all soon come in we go to the waiting room it's all quiet except me I'm a mess I wipe my tears away and feel tired.
I soon fall asleep.
---------
"Keegan some one wants to see you." Hayes whispers, I wake up. I get up from him and get out of the position I'm in, I walk into the room and she's looking at me.
"Keegan?" She whispers I cover my mouth and hug her, "They still haven't gotten the cancer out." she whispers, "If I die, I want you to know what I will be watching you and if you need someone to talk to come to me or Conner or Hayes whoever, but I will be here for you no matter what. Keegan I love you so much you don't understand, I will miss you everyday of my life in heaven. But just know I will be looking down at you forever and always Keegan." she said she was in tears, I was too and hugged her tightly.
"I have to go in surgery now." She said, "I love you too forever and always." I whispered as she went into surgery I ran out and walked into the room, "Come here!" Hayes whispers and I cry again into his shoulder again.
I pull my hair but Hayes pulls my hands away, I get up to go to the bathroom staring at myself. I saw Conner in the window, "She will be fine." he whispered I nodded and I wanted to pull my hair but I stopped.
I walked back to the waiting room, Her parents walk in and Matthew walk in andhe hugged me. I hugged her parents too.
"Hayes?" I call, "Hmm?" He asks, "I love you, please never leave me." I whisper, "I wouldn't dream on it baby, I love you too." he said and kissed my cheek.
I look at Cameron he's crying I stand up and hug him, "It's hard to see you like this." he said, then pulls away I hug Nash too and he starts to sob. Mom gets up to hug him so I pull away and hug Hayes.
I shake my head Hayes rubs my back and, I fall asleep.
-------
"Riley Espinosa?" Matthew and his parents stand up, "I think Keegan should know." her dad said I stood up smiling and walked outside.