
"Have fun!" Momma Grier said as we got in Cameron's truck, "Keegan can you get my purse out the house?" Chloe asked, "No, get your lazy butt up and get it." I said looking at my phone Cameron looks back at me giving me a warning, "What? I don't know why you are giving me warnings I would be glad to stay home instead of going." I said, "That's your punishment." Cameron said, "I already have enough punishment." I said, "Oh really what is it?" Cameron asked smiling, "You being worse than Conner. I wish I died, I wish you never walked in on Chloe about to kill me I wish it was me who was in the car accident." I yell at him.
I crawl out the car running in he house sobbing, I pull my hair and run upstairs seeing my old best friend.
The razor.
I cut five times hoping I would die less than a minute, I clean it up and pull my sleeve down and look at my book full of Conner, Cameron and I. I look by my door to see Nash, "Come on kiddo, Cameron's loosing it he's mad, and I need to protect you now that he has Chloe to protect." he said, "Let it out." He said I sob into his shoulder, "I know your hurt but come on I want you to have fun." He looked at me getting the same wash cloth wiping my face.
My red eyes go away and I see them clear up, we head to the airport to Toronto, Canada. Hayes looks at me and gives me a weak smile. I smile back and sit in the middle of them Cameron looks back at me and is about to say something, "Shut up, I don't want anymore arguing I'm done with you so don't think I will forgive you ever." I said he sighed and backed out the driveway to the airport.
I put on my teal beats falling asleep on Hayes's lap he lifts me up and sits me on his lap and I curl up into him.
-----airport
"Keegan wake up." Hayes said I flutter my eyes open looking at my surroundings, we get out the car, We walk into the airport and I sit crisscross in my chair, I've always sat like that except for school because they don't let us.
"Why?" Nash asked me chuckling at the way I sit, "Its how I usually sit." I answered, "You should sit like a lady." Chloe told me, "I don't need your nonsense." I said making Hayes and Nash laugh.
"Drop it okay, or I'll call mom about this." he said, "Or, how about I'll tell mom when she was about to kill me and you hooked up with her. How's that sound?" I asked smiling at him, "Never Mind." He said I nodded and she coughed looking at me.
"What?" I snapped, "Oh nothing it's just you smell like drugs do you use them?" She asked Cameron laughed, "Why are you smelling yourself, you smell like sh*t, I wouldn't be talking if I were you because wow your breath really stinks, like you." I said I stood up, "Who cares if you tell mom, just know you will pay in the end." Cameron said, "Do you sleep around with boys your attitude goes perfect with it." Chloe said, Cameron nodded.
"Fu*k you Cameron!" I said pushing him to the ground about to throw the first punch but Nash pulls me away, "What did I say?" He asked. "He called me a sl*t Nash, I know I'm not but that's we past the line." I said he nodded.
"I'll talk to him sit with Hayes." Nash said telling Hayes to sit with me. He walked over next to me. Hayes looked at me crashing his lips on mine. "I couldn't help but too." he whispered. I was shocked Hayes had the guts to kiss me like that.
"You know that's my first kiss right?" I told me, "Oh I'm glad it was me." he said, "Me too." I nodded. I looked over to see Nash and Cameron arguing then Nash got slapped by Cameron.
I got up but then got pulled down, "What's wrong?" Hayes asked, "Nash just got slapped by Cameron." I said. He had a startled look on his face looking at him.
I quickly stand up walking with Hayes, "Are you okay?" I asked Nash, "Control your brother sl*t!" Nash snapped at me, I looked at Hayes he was glaring at me.