
Keegan's POV
"Keegan!" Mom yells, I groan and realize I'm in my room without Hayes, I roll on the floor as always. "Yeah?" I call, "Get up we have to go to her funeral." She said, my eyes start to water. I get up and go to the bathroom taking a shower, brushing my teeth, wash my face, and get dressed.
I decided I would wear a dress and heels for her. Her favorite color was baby blue and purple, so I put on a baby blue dress and heels. I curl my hair and when I finished I walk downstairs and drink water then eat fruit.
I walk into the living room to find the Grier's, "Hey Keegan!" Skylynn said, I smiled. "Hi Sky." I smile again. Hayes stands up and hugs me, "Babe, if you can't handle it just stay here I'll stay here with you." he whispered.
"No it's fine, I think I can handle it." I whispered back, he nodded and pecked my lips, "Oh I see you boy." Will said I chuckled getting on my phone looking through my pictures of me and Riley.
"Alright are we ready?" Mom asked, we all nodded Hayes grabbed my hand walking me out. I got in the car sitting next to Hayes I laid on his shoulder.
-----------
"Riley and Matt were always close no matter what happened, he was always there for her. So was Keegan. Keegan was over all the time they've known each other since they were little tots running around playing with Matt and Cam...Now she's flying high with the angles." her mom finished.
I was in tears I wiped away my tears. "And now a few words from Keegan." her mom said I widen my eyes and she nods I stand up and go to the microphone.
"Uh...I've never thought I'd be in this position in life. Riley and I had always thought life would be easy with just our horses, cheering, and softball. Now I can't do that anymore because I know if I step on that field, I would want to see here. Life was just happy a second ago and now it's turned around. She helped me when I started cutting and so has Hayes. she's helped me with my eating disorder also Hayes. She would always be right by my side, I don't have that anymore-" I start to cry, "I never wanted this to happen, I never wanted anything bad to happen to our friendship, she's like a sister to me and has helped me when Cameron and I would get into huge arguments. I now know what it feels like when the one who you really love has past away. I never imagined this to happen to me. I remember she told me she loved me forever and always in he hospital before she died. After my brother Conner died, and Cameron dating, she's all I had and now she's gone." I said as a tear slid down my face.
I walk back to Hayes, "It's okay baby." Hayes whispered he wiped my tears away and I laid on his shoulder he wrapped his arm around me. When they finish covering up the casket, I cried, we get home, I take down all my pictures. I take a shower and brush my teeth and I don't wash my face because I know I'm gonna cry.
I put my hair in a messy bun and music from my laptop plays. I barried myself into my blanket crying. "Keegan?" I hear, I look at my door to see Matt. I cry harder and hug him, "I miss her too, we're gonna get through this together." he whispered he pulled away and walked back to Cameron's room I lay back in my spot.
I quickly fall asleep.
---------
I wake up hearing my mom call me, I walk downstairs. "Open the door." she said keep in mind it's about 3:00am. I open the door to see Riley smiling walking towards me. "Oh my gosh!" I scream and cry running into her arms.
I sob and hugs me tighter spinning us around, "I-I m-issed y-ou!" I sobbed harder and she's crying too. "I missed you too." She whispered.
She puts me down and frowns, "Where are you going?" I asked, "I have to go back to my casket." she said, "No!" I said she nodded and disappeared into the sky.