
"Did you see what Maxine tweeted about me?" I asked him he nodded, "Lets go to lunch first." Hayes said, we walk to a table then Riley and Mason pop up.
"Hey." they said I smiled and waved continuing what happened on Twitter. "You are non of those things your a gorgeous,pretty,hot,and beautiful." He complimented, I blushed, "Thanks." I said, he leaned closer and kissed me, I kissed back because of last night. "Guys." Riley said we pulled away.
I got butterflies as always around him I was too nervous to say something, so I just sat there not knowing what to say. "Are you going to that dance Friday?" Riley asked me, I shook my head "What! Why?" She asked, "I'm not into dresses or heels or sandals, I thought you already knew." I answered, "Yeah but I thought you would change when you got back." she said, "You thought I would change in two months, that's gonna be a struggle." I said, Hayes laughed and so did Mason.
"That's not funny." she said, "it's not funny because you aren't laughing." I chuckle. "I know." I she chuckled. "You should really wear a dress and heels." Hayes suggested, "Why?" I asked, "Because you'll look hot in it." he said making gestures to make since to what he was saying.
"Eh, I'll have to see." I said he nodded, "We all know that's a no." Riley said, "Come on live a little I could be a yes or a maybe now." I said she smiled. "Keegan Dallas & Hayes Grier your mom is here to pick you up." a lady told us, "Bye baes." I hugged them and we walked down the hallway.
We got to the front and we walked to the car, I wanted to sit in the front but I had to get in the back. "Were you guys talking at all?" Mom asked we nodded, "Okay time to make up and forget about the past." she added, "Hug and kiss then y'all aren't three year olds anymore." she said I playfully glared at her.
"I'm tooooooooo tired!" I groaned laying in the empty chair, "No phone, computer, games, just staying in your room." she said, "HEY look at that I'm not tired anymore come on Hayes hug and kiss." I said we hugged and leaned in to kiss.
"Good." mom said I crawled in Hayes's lap and I fell asleep, he wrapped his arms around me, "Hayes do you wanna come over?" I heard mom ask him, I felt him nod his head.
She turned on the radio and break free by Ariana Grande came on, I woke up from my beauty sleep and starting singing the high notes. The song was over and I fell back asleep Hayes vined me while I sung then when I fell asleep.
I smiled, "Awww, take a picture." Mom cooed, Hayes laughed and moved the hair out of my face, and kissed my forehead. "I got it." she said, Hayes carried me out of the car, "Can you get my phone out of my bag?" I asked him switching positions to wrap my legs around his waist, I laid my head on his shoulder he held me under my butt then carried me inside.
Once he made it to my bed he laid me down, I opened my eyes, "I didn't feel like walking." I said be scoffed and laid next to me. He rolled over on me I winced from my cramps starting to hurt, "Did I hurt you?" He asked, "Cramps." I said He looked down and I blushed smiling, "Awww!" He said I giggled, "Very funny." I said crawling next to him putting my right leg on his right leg wrapping it around.
I laid on his chest and Cameron came in, "Can I talk to you?" He asked me, I looked at the pictures again then nodded, Hayes unwrapped himself from me, I got up and stood up walking towards him, "Yes?" I asked, "I'm sorry for everything that happened Chloe changed me and I never realized it till mom called me while you were at the hospital, I'm so sorry I did this to you I never meant to hurt you I heard you when you talked to Conner. I wish this never happened to you, I never wanted you to die because I don't know what to do-" I cut him off hugging him, "I was waiting for you to say this, I forgive you." I said he hugged me tighter.