
"Shut up." Girl #1 said, "No thanks I'm still talking, and I wasn't finished, if you are a cheerleader you would be nice to people. a cheerleader is a person who shows good sportsmanship." I said that soon shut her up.
"What? Quite now?" I asked her she turned around, "Good." I said then turned back to Hayes, "Good job baby." Hayes kissed me, "Thank you." I said pulling away.
-----Lunch
"I can't wait to see you in a dress." Riley said, "Just picturing me in the dress gives me chills." I said, "Well you just have to think about the positivity." Mason said, "When did you become Mr.Quote guy?" I asked chuckling, "That wasn't funny." he said, "It wasn't funny because you weren't laughing." I said he shook his head and I drunk my water.
"Why don't you ever eat lunch?" He asked "Really?" Riley snapped at him I've already told him why, "Fu*k you." I said to him rushing out the cafeteria into the bathroom. I start to cry and Riley comes in, "I'm so sorry he's still mad that I broke up with him." she said, "W-Why are people taking things out on me?" I cried she hugged me tightly.
"I'm so sorry." She said, "Do you wanna get picked up early?" I asked her she shrugged, "No I'm fine." I said, I texted my mom to pick me and Hayes up early since we had about forty-five minutes left.
I cleaned my face up and reapplied my mascara. "Now you look pretty again." she said smiling I smiled back and got a message from mom she said she told Cameron too and asked me why so I told her I would tell her later.
"Let's go." she said I nodded then walked out, Hayes walked out rushing towards me, "Hey are you okay?" He asked I looked down nodding, "Look at me." he said I did, "I want you to tell me you're okay and isn't lying to me." he said, "Hayes I promise I'm okay." I said faking a smile, "That was a fake smile but I know you'll smile later." he said
We walked back in the cafeteria, "I'm sorry." he said, "Really? That's all you have to say, I'm sorry about myself, my insecurities, everything about me that brings me down, but you had to bring it up so I'm sorry this happened to me too." I said he just sat there not knowing what to say.
Cameron soon texted me saying he was here, the lady from the front told us to come. "Bye." I waved, "Will you tell me what's wrong with you?" Hayes asked me, "I-I have to tell you later." I said he nodded, We got in the car and Cameron asked me what was wrong with me, I just kept quiet I didn't want to say anything.
I heard him sigh and he drives home, "Mom wants to talk to you." Cameron said peaking in my room, "Hold on Hayes." I said he nods again I get up and walk to where she is.
"What's up?" She asks, "I told Mason my problems like why I'm not eating much, the basically told Hayes I'm not ready to tell Hayes yet." I start to cry, "You don't have to because I know you can fight this you can start to eat and get your nutritions up." she said hugging me, I nod.
"Start with fruit." she said handing me a bowl of fruit, I hesitated then took a strawberry. "Good." she said, "I made Hayes a bowl too." she said I walked upstairs and walked into my room. I hand Hayes his bowl, "Aww thanks." he kissed me, "You're welcome." I smiled.
I think I'm ready to tell him I am really scared, "Uh...Hayes?" I asked him, "You still wanna know why?" I asked him again, he nodded, "Well I've had an eating disorder for a while now and I guess he was about to tell you." I said.
He was quiet.
"Please say something?" I whispered, he tired to but he couldn't, I felt a tear drop on my foot. "Sorry this affected you." I said he looked at me, I stood up and he walked closer crashing his lips on mine. "You are perfect just the way you are." he said I nodded and he pulled away looking into my eyes. "I love you nothing will ever change that...I don't care about your looks all I care about is you being honest to me and loving yourself." he said.