
"Babe, I'm talking to you!" The guy said, "I don't even know your name, and I'm not your babe." I snapped, "Chill baby girl." he said I went to the beach as the light was green. We got out the guys followed us.
I took off my shirt walking with Hayes, he changed in his swimwear, I took off my shorts as he took off his shirt, "Da*n baby you look sexy." guy number two said, Hayes and I ignored them, I saw Cameron and Nina talking together and they kissed.
"I ship it." Hayes and I said, I giggled as we looked at each, "Okay I want you and Hayes to have fun, Hayes you're gonna spin around with her in your arms." Nina said holding the camera, "Die in your arms." I said giggling then stepped by a fish.
"I'm so done right now I hate fish." I said as if I was singing, they laughed and I Hayes picked me up, I wrapped my arms around his waist. "THIS IS EVERYTHING I DIDN'T SAY!" I sing wrapping my arm around his neck.
"Chill." Cameron said, "No my day my fun." I said, he chuckled, I kissed Hayes and he spun us around, "You are so funny." I said, he flipped his hair, "I know." he said, I giggled and kissed him again.
"I'm done." Hayes said, then stopped spinning around, I laughed and sat on the ground. The water started to come up and I let it, "Walk to the lighthouse." Nina said, "What?" I asked, "Yeah I know, just act like you are walking to it and Hayes will be with you." she said.
"Ready?" She asked, I flipped and pushed out, "Yeah." I said standing up, I throw my sunglasses and they make it in Cameron's hand, I start dancing and walk towards Hayes. I take his hand and we start walking.
"Okay." Nina said, we turned back around, and walk towards Cameron, "WE'LL NEVER BE AS YOUNG AS WE ARE NOW!" I sing and spin around, I do a cartwheel and walk into the water on the rocks. They were getting pictures and I jumped into the water, I came back up and walked towards shore. I start dancing again, then flipped my hair, "Why are you so happy?" Nash asked.
"Because I'm me!" I smiled still dancing, "Non-Supportive either." I said looking down, then pulled my straps up. My phone starts ringing and I answer it, "Hello?" I answer, "Hey where are you?" Riley asked, "Uh I'm at the beach for my photo shoot." I said, "Oh I saw you in Victoria Secret magazine." she said, "Don't I look pretty." I smiled looking at Hayes he chuckled.
"Yes, anyways we need to talk." she said, "Come to the beach we can take a walk." I said, "Okay I'm on my way." She said, "Bye." I said, "Love you." she said, "Love you too." I said, "Bye." she said then I hung up.
In about ten minutes I see Riley walking with Tanner, she was holding his hand. Isn't that cute.
"Hey you called?" I asked her she nodded.
"Yeah cheer is starting back up again and I wondered if you were gonna do it?" She asked, "Yeah, of course." I said, "Okay I'm looking at your pictures." she said, I nodded.
I went back to the rocks, I was walking the other way around, then walked back my way, "Hey." I heard behind me, I see Hayes and I giggle. "Hi." I said, I kissed him, We pulled away and jumped in, just when I pulled up I felt my strap down.
"Oh sh*t." I said Hayes looked at me, and we went to the other side, the water was so pretty, we could stand in it but it was up to my lower chest. I fixed it and Hayes kissed me I wrapped my legs around his waist. His hands were on the rocks, I groaned lightly as he kissed my neck, "Aww!" Everyone said, I looked to my left and everyone was there, I blushed.
Hayes looked at me and he knew I felt embarrassed, "Really?" He asked, "Sorry." they all said, I rolled my eyes and laid my head on his chest turning the other way. I felt something at my foot and I knew it was a fish, so I of coursed screamed, and climbed up the rocks.