
"So she never cheated?" I asked, "Stop asking questions." she said starting to get mad, "No, did she or did she not cheat?" I asked her, she slapped me, "I'm so sorry." she said since I had in clothes I put on my moccasins, rushing out the room.
"Let's go." I said, "Keegan wait." she grabs on to my wrist, "Stop, I never want to see you again, just go away please and never speak to me, do not ask for my number, do not think of me ever." I snapped at her.
I tear my wrist out of her hands, "Keegan I'm sorry." she said, "Stop saying sorry, If you knew you were gonna apologize, then you aren't sorry." I said, walked away with Cameron, he throws me his keys and I rush to the car.
A guy looks at me suspiciously, I look closer and it was dad, "No." I said to myself, "Kee- Dad?" Cameron asks he runs up to him and hugs him, I get in the car and sit there letting the tears fall into my lap.
I look at my stomach and they stitched it up, my throat gets a lump in it because of me holding my sobs in, "Keegan hi." he whispered, "Go away daddy I hate you just like you said to me." I said, he frowns, "Why would you say that?" He asks, "Just go away." I said starting the car.
Flames start to pop up, I crawl through the trunk and kick the door open, it was pretty easy too, I jump and the car blows up. "You were gonna kill me?" I asked, "I'm sorry baby girl." he comes closer, I kick him someplace. He falls to the ground and I start to walk home with the boys.
"Keegan?" Cameron said, "I don't want to talk, I just want to sleep and remember what I did so it could come true again." I said looking straight ahead. "Stop." Hayes said walking in front of me, "What happened to the old you ever since we broke up and you feeling alone, you changed into a depressing girl. I miss the other happy girl." Hayes said, "What?" The girl scoffs.
"Oh yeah I told you three weeks ago we were done." I said, "Hayes it's gonna take a lot more than this." I said we continued to walk home and Cameron opens the door. Its starts raining and my hair gets wet. "Great." I said then walked in, its start thundering.
Since I couldn't take a shower I changed into shorts, tank top and my crazy socks. I lay in bed with Jake and he starts whining as the thunder made a loud thud, everyone comes in my room.
"I take it that you guys are scared?" I asked, they chuckled and watched a movie. Hayes looked at me, I looked back.
Hayes pulled me closer and I smiled to myself a little. Hayes tilted my head a little, he crashed his lips on mine. I kissed back, "Im sorry." Hayes said I nodded then kissed back, Cameron got up turning on the lights.
"I see you guys have made up." Cameron smirked, Hayes slipped his tongue in and I threw a pillow at Cameron, he laughed and cut off the lights. I curled up in his chest, "Goodnight." I said, he kissed me.
"Goodnight." he whispered and I fell asleep