
"Are you eating my pizza?" I asked him, he giggled a mouth full, I laughed and finished the rest, "Thanks." I patted his cheek hugging momma Grier. "No that's my mommy." Hayes said hugging her smiling, "I get sky then." I said poked my tongue out he did the same.
"Skylynn?" I call, "Keegan!" She yelled jumping into my arms, I walked in the kitchen and held her, "Ooh pizza." she said I soon put her down.
"Momma Grier can Hayes spend the night?" I her, "Yeah." She said Hayes kissed her cheek and we walked upstairs. He finished packing and kissed me quickly.
We walk back, to our house after we said bye, We walked in and Cameron and all of them had a confused look, "What?" I asked, "I thought you were getting pizza?" He said, "I did not you." I said.
"Not fair Dallas." Cameron said as we made it half way upstairs, "Not fair Dallas." I mimicked he laughed and started coming upstairs I shut the door before he got there and locked it.
"Grab a pillow and keep stacked on a nerf gun." I told Hayes he grabbed one and tossed one to me, I caught it and Cameron soon opened the door, "Go." I told Hayes, We started hitting him with pillows and started shooting him with our nerf guns.
"Stay out of my room Cameron that's a thing you should know by now." I shook my head, "Well....Dam*." Carter said once again, "Carter don't make me." Hayes and I pointed towards him, "Okay okay." he said, "Since y'all wanna be babies, Hayes and I are gonna have to babysit." I said "Stand in a straight line." I said, I shot Carter, he chuckled, "I said stand in a straight line." I said Hayes shot Nash, "Oh okay." he said then stood up along with the others.
"Do what ever you want I have a video to make." I said checking my phone, then rushed upstairs as they started to chase me. "If you were shot your dead." I tell them, I start shooting then run out of nerf bullets, I give Hayes a pack too after he hands me his.
We start to shoot them, They all piled up on the stairs as if they're dead, "Well that was fun." I said, "Wait, where's Cameron?" I asked, I looked from the staircase then turn around to face him. I scream Hayes is now far away from me, "Hayes." I yell, "I'm coming baby." Hayes said, he shot Cameron in the back of his head and he fell forward laying on my shoulder.
"Wow I didn't know if you kill a lot of people wit- I have no clue what I'm saying." I said shaking my head walking into my room earning a few laughs from the guys.
We pick up the nerf bullets and I put them back into the container. I set up my camera by the opening of my balcony, "Hello guys I look a hot mess right now but who cares." I said, Hayes looked at me, "I do." I blush and peck his lips.
"Well I don't know what to do for this video so I'm just gonna show you our little nerf gun fight." I said then edited out the part where Hayes and I kissed, I added the nerf gun video and posted it already getting two thousand views and likers.
"I'm gonna take a shower." I said to Hayes, "Okay." he said getting my lap top off the floor looking at my videos, I grabbed some clothes and took a long shower putting on a new pad.
"Your turn." I said as I heard my voice singing I walked beside him he looked at me smiling, "did you post that?" I asked him quietly blushing, "Yes you sing amazing." he said, "I do?" I asked him, "Mm-you do." Hayes kissed me he closed my lap top and put it under my bed, I crawled over him not breaking the kiss.
"H-Hayes you need to take a shower." I tried pulling away but he bit my lip, I kissed him again then pulled away. "Shower." I told him moving over, he groaned playfully getting up then hopped in the shower.