
Keegan's POV
I woke up in my bed, I felt a little better but kinda slow and in pain today. I looked on my nightstand with a pill and a letter from Sammy and the boys.
Letter: Good morning baby, I'll see you later, we went out to hang out for a while. Love you xoxoxo. Sammy and the boys :)
I sigh getting up taking a shower after I take my pill and drunk my water, "Hey Keegan?" Mom called, "Yes?" I asked wrapping myself in my towel, "Oh you took your pill." she said I nodded and got dressed.
I put on a maroon cropped sweater, white cardigan, black high waisted jeans, my white high top converse. I walked downstairs into the kitchen making a smoothie, because that was all I could keep down.
I put raspberries, blueberries, and blackberries, in it and put a little vanilla extract in, along with ice, and heavy cream.
I grab oats, and soak them in honey, and I eat it with my smoothie. I mean not to brag but that's how I keep a hot bod. I finished then washed the dishes and the door opened and the boys came in. I fed Jake, once he finished he laid in his bed slowly falling asleep.
"What's up you usually talk a lot?" Cameron asked, "Oh you feel in pain and slow." he said, I sigh nodding, "It's okay." he said rubbing my back, "Keegan?" Mom called, I literally fell off the couch upsetting my stomach so I knew I would throw up soon. I groan and she walked in the living room.
"Don't lay on your stomach and get off the floor." she laughed, "That's not funny." I clarify, Cameron starts laughing and I roll my eyes, "You called me?" I asked, "Yeah, do you want to come with me to the mall?" She asked, "No, I'm tired." I said, "No that's not it you are lazy." Cameron said, "I'm not lazy I'm just on saving energy mode." I said they all laughed.
I lay on my back covering my eyes with my arms, "My stomach looks so ugly!" I whined groaning, mom looked at it, "You smell like vanilla." she smelt me, "Not weird at all." I stayed in the same spot.
"Alright I'll see you later, oh and the doctor said to take two if you start puking like that." she said, "That doesn't make since if the pill makes me puke, and he wants me to take more." I said sitting up.
"Yeah I know I'm gonna ask the lady who works with him." she said I nodded laying back, "Cameron hand me my phone." I said that was ringing.
"What do you want?" I groan again at the pain, "Can I come over like for two day mom slapped me." Riley said, "Oh my gosh yes!" I yelled in the phone, "Thanks love you." she said, "I love you too." I said then hung up.
"Matt you're staying here with Riley too." I said getting up opening the door, she was crying, I hugged her ever so tight. "I'm so sorry." I whispered, she nodded, She laid her head on my lap while I laid on Sammy's.
I bring my head up to Sammy's hair, he chuckles as I start to play in it. "I love you." he kissed me, "I love you too." I said smiling. Riley got up and sat next to Hayes, I sat on Sammy.
"Be careful." he said, "I know Sam." I chuckled, he smiled I loved that smile it gave me the feels, "So that's what the feels are." He smirked, I blushed. "I said that out loud?" I asked he nodded and kissed me.
I laid flat on my back, I felt something in my throat, "Oh no." I groan getting up going to the bathroom to puke, I finish and brush my teeth and rinse my mouth out. Mom comes back, "Sierra is graduating today at 5:00pm." she said, we all nod.
"I'm gonna be surprised what Keegan wears." Cameron smiled, "This is exactly what I'm wearing, it's comfortable, it's pretty unlike you, and other people could see me as a model." I told him, "What about your stitches?" He asked, "Do you have to ruin the moment." I said.