
"Mm-Hayes." I close my eyes, he kisses me and someone comes in, "Oh my gosh Keegan!" Mom yells, "Oh crap." I mumble, "We were only making out we know what we were doing." I quickly explain, "I'm okay with that, I just didn't expect you to be confident about...." She trails off, I sigh looking at my balcony door.
"Alright carry on If I see anything other than this, I'm sorry Hayes but you will have to go." she said, he nods, and she closes my door back. "What is she talking about?" Hayes asked, "Nothing." I said kissing him, he pulls away, "Keegan!" He said, I sigh. I turn around showing him my scar
"What happened?" He asked, "My dad, we when I was little he was drunk and came home throwing glass everywhere, he through it at me and it got my back and I would never show it to people until I had to go to the hospital." I sigh looking down, Hayes gets off of me, "Oh." He said, I put my shirt on and he does too, I open my door and laid back down slowly falling asleep.
----------three hours later
I slowly moved around as my leg started to hurt, I opened my eyes to see all the guys staring at me. "Why the he// are y'all staring at me?" I asked, they all laughed, "We were bored and wanted you to wake up." Nash smiled.
I looked at my leg and it was bleeding a little, "Oh shoot." I groaned, I crawled out of bed limping into the bathroom, I cleaned it up and I guess it was just dry blood. "You know you can use your crutches now, I'm not gonna laugh anymore." Cameron said smiling, I roll my eyes.
I looked at the time and it was two o'clock, "Good night." I said covering my face, "KEEGAN!" Mom yelled, I groaned loudly, "Yaaaaas!" I yell at her, she comes in my room taking off my blanket.
"Wake up." she said, "Why?" I whined putting the blanket back over me, "Come on, we need to see Sierra." she said, I slid out of bed making my shirt lift up showing my bra, "Keegan!" Mom said, I stretched slowly. "This is what happens when you wake me up from a nap." I stare at her.
Hayes walks in laughing, "I'm guessing she woke you up." he laughed sitting on my bed, I smiled nodding, I slowly got up pulling my shirt off, walking into my closet. I was looking for a navy blue sweatshirt but I couldn't find it. "Where is my navy blue sweatshirt?" I asked Cameron walking out, "Ew go put on a shirt." he said, "I am looking for a shirt." I said.
"I don't know." he said, "You put my dirty clothes in the washer, so did you see it or not?" I asked him, he shrugged paying attention to his phone, I roll my eyes looking at Nash he shrugs.
I walk downstairs, seeing a family with a boy that was about my age. "Keegan!" Mom scolded, "I can't find my shirt, I've already asked Cameron." I told her, the boy smiled waving, "Hey." I say back, smiling, "I'm Lucas." he said, "Keegan." I said smiling.
"Um I don't know go back upstairs." she told me well pushed me, I laughed and limped upstairs, "CAMERON!" I scream he throws his phone on the bed and I rush towards him hugging him, his cheek was in the middle of my boobs.
"Keegan stop!" He screamed laughing, "Tell me where it is." I said, "No." he laughed, "So you do know where it is." I smirked, the guys were laughing. "Okay okay I'll tell you." he said, I chuckle, I stare down at him. "It's in my dresser." he said, "Why is it there?" I asked.
"Well, you see my girlfriend kind of got tired." he said, "Might as well change my shirt now." I said he chuckles, I limp into my closet. I pick out an anchor heart, light gray, long sleeve.
I walk out, Cameron looks at me in relief, I chuckle. "I love you." I sat on his lap, "I hate you eww." He tried pushing me off but I wouldn't budge.