
Keegan's POV
"Keegan!" Cameron yells, I groan falling out of my bed landing on someone, then hearing them groan, I scream and stand up quickly. Cameron and Nash run into my room, "What!" Nash screams cameron laughs, "She thought Hayes was someone else." he laughed.
I glare at him walking into my bathroom, I close the door starting the shower, I quickly undress and hop in the hot shower. "Hurry up!" Nash yells at me, "My bathroom!" I yell back. "Don't you sass me little girl!" He yelled as I washed my body, "I just did little boy what are you gonna do about it?" I asked him, I wrapped myself in a towel and my hair.
He opens the door knowing I'm in a towel, "Don't make me he grabbed my hair brush." he said, "Nashy I love you." I smiled and batted my eyes, "Aww I love you Keegan!" he hugs me and smacks my butt with my hair brush.
"I should've know that was coming." I said he chuckled, I walk out after brushing my teeth and putting my hair in a messy bun. I pack all my stuff in my cosmetic bags and put them in my bags. "Keegan are you mad that Chloe's coming with us?" Cameron asked me, I rolled eyes at him and bring my stuff downstairs.
"Come on she's not that bad." he said, "Cameron you are dating your ex, who nearly almost killed me when you left me with her, and now your back with her. Leave me alone Cameron." I said just then Chloe shows up.
"Hi...Keegan!" She smiles, I give her 'the finger' and she gasps, "Get a life Cameron!" I snapped as he looked at me, I made a healthy breakfast. I made a smoothie and cleaned the dishes. "Keegan?" Chloe yells, "Brat?" I call, "Look, I'm trying to be nice to you." She said, "Do you freakin think I would want to forgive a person who tried to kill me! No I wouldn't so don't count on it." I snapped, Cameron walked out glaring at me, she cried into his arms, "Cammy s-she hurt me." She faked cried.
"She didn't do anything to you Keegan!" Cameron snapped, that's the first Cameron has ever raised his voice at me. I felt tears come down my face and the first person I ran too was.
Hayes?
I don't know why but I could just tell him everything, "Whoa, what's wrong?" He asked me, "Cameron got back with his ex girlfriend Chloe." I told him he looked at me confused, "She tried to kill me and he's going out with her." I said he pulled me back towards him.
"If he wasn't there my life would be so much easier." I whisper, "Listen to me, Everything happens for a reason, I don't know why but it does and you can't give up, its just like living through it." he said I nodded he hugged me tighter.
"Aww-wait why are you crying?" Nash asked, "Cameron and his new girlfriend Chloe." Hayes answered for me, "Really?" he asked me shocked, I nodded and Hayes stroked my hair.
I don't know why but it felt right in his arms, "It's okay." Nash said, "When they dated, I was always the third wheel so I would just hang out with you all the time." Nash said I nodded, "After what happened to Conner, she has been teasing me why he..." I stopped breaking down, Hayes picked me up from my thighs I wrapped my arms around him.
"Shhh!" He cooed in my ear, "Don't talk about it now you aren't ready to tell us yet." Hayes said I nodded, "Can you grab a wash cloth." Hayes asked Nash I'm assuming he nodded and walked in my bathroom getting one and making it damp enough.
Hayes sat me down on the bed and wiped my face, he soon looked in my eyes, leaning in I did too then Nash walked in causing us to pull away, "Aww!" He smiled, I blush and he continues to wipe my face.
Nash walks out and we both stand up, Hayes gets his stuff ready I call Riley and tell her bye along with Mason. We walked downstairs and we say goodbye to our parents and Hayes's parents.