
"Good good." they praised me, Jake soon came running towards me, I smiled and bent down rubbing his head, they got pictures of that too. "I think I like this on." she said, "Jake come in the water with me." I said, we walked to the water and he got his paws wet he shook and jumped on me, luckily his claws were cut so it didn't really scratch me.
"Good boy." I smiled I kissed his head and he ran back to Hayes, "Okay, is your boyfriend a model?" She asked, "No but he's hot." I said shrugging, "Okay ask him to come." she said, I walked to Hayes.
"You are coming with me." I said pulling his shirt off and walked him to the dressing room, I waited outside and he came out in swimming trunks about the same color as my bikini, he held my hand and we walked towards them again.
"Okay I want you to hold her and go into the water a little." they said Hayes picked me up by my thighs, "Good now act like you guys are talking." she said, "I love you." he said, I smiled, "I love you too." I said.
"Alright feed him a marshmallow." they said, I made one and I brought it to his mouth without looking, I looked and it was on his lips. "Oops." I said, "That's good." she said I kissed it off of him, and fed him the marshmallow.
"Okay that's a wrap, we will see you on Wednesday." Nina said, I hug her, "Here you go." she said handing me 90 dollars, "Oh thanks." I said she nodded hugging me, "Here hand this to Cameron." she said handing me her number.
"Aww." I smiled, "Give me your number so I can tell you when to come and if anything comes up." She said I nodded then gave it to her and Hayes walked with me back to boys, his hand made his way to my butt, I smiled a little I kissed him.
Fire and gold comes on and I dance a little, "Come on dancing boo." Cameron said, "Here she told me to give this to you." I said handing him a piece of paper, Nash looked sad because most of them still had their girlfriends except him.
"Nash you'll find someone." I hugged him, "I hope." he said, We got to the car and sat in the back, "Keegan you are mean!" Cameron said, "Um...so are you." I said as mom came in the car, "What?" She asked, "She called me mean." Cameron whined, "You little b-" I stopped myself, mom smirked looking at Cameron.
"I love you." Cameron said, I ignored him putting on my seat belt on I plugged my phone up, mom looked at me. "What did I do?" I asked, "He said he loved you." She said, "And....he told me that I was mean when you were out the car." I said.
"Just say it." she said, "Caaaaaaaaaaaameron!" I whined, He started laughing. I rolled my eyes and mom started to drive, "This ain't a movie that I want to see...a tragic story, starring you and me, yell 'cut'... we're stuck inside this scene, this is heartache on the big screen." I hear on the radio, I starting singing the song, mom pulled up the drive way and when she stopped the car went on its breaks hard and I felt like I was gonna puke.
"I HATE WHEN YOU DO THIS!" I scream at her, I crawl over them and run inside, I rush to the bathroom and puked my fruit up. "Sorry." she laughed, I rolled my eyes and brushed my teeth after flushing the toilet.
I rinse my mouth and wipe my face. I walk out and take off Hayes's large shirt, I walk upstairs and all the guys are in my room as always. I walk into my bathroom taking a shower, when I finished my shower, I put on something comfortable and it was a long shirt with just my bra and underwear on because why not.
I had my hair back into a messy ponytail, I walked out and they were staring at me, "Um...what?" I asked sitting at my desk opening my MacBook.