
Soon they all fill into the car, Cameron starts the car, I don't say a word I just sit there. Riley sends me a video of her scaring Macy, I start to laugh as she fell onto the floor then mentally slapped herself.
Hayes puts me in his lap and wraps his arms around me. I lay my head on his chest, he strokes my sweaty hair, he knows that makes me tired and I fall asleep.
"Keegan!" Cameron yelled my name, I don't say anything, I cuddle into Hayes's chest more, "Keegan wake up!" Cameron smacked my thigh, "I will kick you if you smack my thigh again." I sat up sleepily, I got out the car pulling my skirt down and Hayes wrapped his arms around my waist I lay on him.
We walk in and sit in a booth, I put my hair up in a messy bun, "I'll be back." I looked at Riley mentioning to go with me to the bathroom. I used the bathroom, and wash my hands. "What's up?" She asked, "Nothing I just had to use the bathroom." I told her she laughs and we walk out.
"Are you okay?" Hayes asked whispering to me, "Yeah." I said he nodded, we ordered drinks and food, while I was drinking my water, Riley said something funny making me choke on my water. I start to laugh, and drink more water, "My chest hurts." I said, I saw Hayes looking at someone else, I followed his eyes and he was looking at another girl.
I slapped him, "Please just give me your keys." I told Cameron, "Cameron I'm not going anywhere but the car." I told him, he said and I got my phone walking to the car with Riley. "Why'd you slap him?" She asked, "He was looking at another girl's butt." I said, "Oh." was all she said Hayes got in the car smashing his lips on mine.
I try not to kiss back but I end up doing it, "I love you and only you." he whispered, "I love you too." I said, "And your fine a*s." he chuckled, I giggled with a snort. We walk back in I don't smile, Hayes sits next to me and I lay my head on his shoulder.
I locked the car and gave Cameron his keys, Our food comes and we eat. When we finished eating, we left the lady a tip and I crawled over everyone. "Thanks for being so nice." I said in a sleepily tone, Hayes picks me up and carries me to the car.
I fall asleep on him, and kiss him. We got to the hotel and I made it to my hotel room, "Coach Lesley Riley and I are gonna be with our brothers is that okay?" I ask her, "Yeah sure." she said happily.
We grabbed our bags and I walked in there room, I take a hot shower putting on tie dye shorts, with a plain white v-neck flowey crop top and my white vans. I grab a tie dye bandana and use it as a headband then flat iron my hair after I washed it.
I walk out and I lay on the bed, Someone knocks on the door, so I open it and it was some guy, "Uh?" I question, "My cousin Matthew and Riley is here." he said I let him in and I sit next to Hayes.
"Hey Hudson!" Matthew greets him, Riley was in the shower, "Who's the hot girl over there?" I hear him say I look at Hayes his jaw was clenched up. "Let's take a walk baby." I said, he got up and I grabbed his hand pulling him out the room.
I crash my lips on his, "Nothing will get between us baby." I told him, he smiles and we start to walk, I text Cameron Hayes and I were in the lobby. Hayes cools off and we walk back upstairs, I walk into the room and Riley is laying on the other bed. "Hey can I have your number beautiful?" Hudson asked, "I don't have a phone." I lied
"Who's phone is that?" He asked, "My boyfriends phone." I lie again, "I think you're lying to me." he walks closer, "Rule number one, a girl needs her space, Rule number two, I obviously need you to back away because my boyfriend is not having it right now." I said, Hayes fakes a smile at me.
"Doesn't seem like a nice boyfriend." he mumbled, I slammed him against the wall he smiled, Riley starts to laughs and so does Matt, His hand makes it to my butt and I slapped him hard, "Rule number three don't touch me." I said, "He's not a rude boyfriend either he is and will be nicer than you'll ever be, If you try or even think about ruining us, you are dead." I said yanking him to the floor walking out of the room.