
Keegan's POV
Three weeks later
I was in the shower washing my hair, until I felt a pair of arms around me. I quickly turned around, finding Hayes. "You have got to stop doing that." I breathed out, he chuckled and kissed me.
I continued to wash my hair and felt a hand on my butt, "Hayes!" I warn "What?" He asks smiling walking closer, "I'm only loving on my girlfriend." he said, I chuckled then rinsed my hair out. I washed my body along with Hayes, we rinsed off and I dried off, "So wanna go to the mall later?" He asks, "Sure." I say putting on my underwear and bra.
I put on my Hollister dress with my wedges, "You look hot baby." Hayes said, putting his hand on my butt, "Aww thanks." I smiled at him I lean in to kiss him and he puts his shirt on after pulling away. "Hayes." I whine, "I'm sorry baby." he kissed me, "I'm so sorry." he repeated over and over pecking my lips over and over.
"Okay okay we get it you're sorry." Nash and Cameron said in unison, I chuckled. "Where are you going?" Cameron asked, "The mall, Starbucks, shopping." I said, "Bring me a drink back." they said.
"Okay." I said, I grabbed my bag and walked downstairs, Sierra calls. "Hey." I answered smiling a little, "Are you doing anything today?" She asked, "Just the mall with Hayes why?" I asked, "I wanted to see if you wanted to watch Bailey but-" I cut her off quickly, "Yes we'll watch her, I can take her with me." I said.
"Really?" She asked happily, "Yeah sure." I said I felt arms around me again, "Okay, I'll see you later." she said, "Okay bye." I said, "Bye." she said, I turned around facing Hayes.
"I've told you already." I told him, "I'm sorry." he chuckled, I pecked his lips, "Its okay, is it okay if Bailey comes with us?" I asked, he nodded, "Of course." he said, I smiled.
"Tell mom I'm leaving." I told Cameron, "Okay love you." He said, "Love you too...bye." I said, "Bye." he said, we walked out the house after I grabbed us a water bottle. I let my sun roof down and put on my sunglasses, we took a quick picture and I drove to Sierra's house.
"Hey." I opened the door, "Hey." she hugged me, "She's in her room if you wanna get her." she said, I walked into her room while Hayes stayed downstairs talking to her. I picked her up and she smiled at me, I walked downstairs and Hayes and Sierra were laughing.
"Keegan will change on her period have you noticed?" She asked, "She's not mean to me, she's nice to me." Hayes said, "I try my hardest not to snap at you so that's why." I said, "Well, her bag is in the kitchen I'll get it." Sierra said.
I put her in the car seat and Hayes sighed, "I'm sorry baby." Hayes said, "Its fine." I said, he looked at me, "Really?" He asked, I nodded looking at him. He kisses me and I kissed back then pulled away, "Keegan?" He whines, "Baby on board." I said giggling.
Sierra came out with a swatch that goes on your stomach, "Okay, so I'm pretty sure you know how to put this on." she said, I nodded slowly. "I'll see you later babes." bailey held onto her finger and she pulled away from her.
Hayes carried her into the car, I hugged Sierra bye, "She should be hungry in about ten minutes." she said "Okay." I said, I grabbed her bag, and carried it to the car, I smiled at Hayes. He smiled back and I put her pacifier in her mouth then backed out the driveway.
We got to the mall, and in the parking lot, I put the swatch on and put her in it. She stared at me then smiled, I held onto the back of her head, Hayes held onto the diaper bag. "Hey Hayes!" His friends said, he turned around waving.
Hayes took my phone out my back pocket trying to take pictures of me, "Why!" I whined, he chuckled and kissed me. "Because you look like a cute mom." he said, I laughed lightly, "Okay whatever you say." I chuckled.