
"Good boy." I said he jumped on my shoulder and I held him, then walked out. I put him down and he went back to eating his treat. I crawled back on Hayes and he wrapped his arms around my waist.
"I'm bored." I mumbled, "Let's go." I said, Cameron grabbed his keys and I picked up Jake while he was eating his treat. Nash grabbed my phone that was ringing off the hook from my notification.
"Can you just shut up!" Nash said, I chuckled, "Give me my phone before you end up throwing it." I said he handed it to me and I shut it off and they stopped, "What the heck?" He said, I laughed and Hayes put me in the car.
I laid longways so my legs were on Nash's lap and my head was on Hayes's lap, Cameron looked back at me and swerved, "Cameron!" I shout, "You need to sit up." He said laughing. Ride by SoMo starts playing and I hop up.
"Everybody wonders where we run off to, my body on yo body baby stickin' like some glue, naughty let's get naughty girl it's only one or two fevers fu*king running feel the heat between us too, I'm gon' I'm gon' ride on you baby, on you lady all night all night I'm gonna take care of your body, I'll be gentle don't you scream. Getting hotter, make it softer feel your chest on top of me." I sat back down on Hayes's lap.
Nash starts to vine me and I grind my hips on Hayes, I then stop;laughing then I lean up to Cameron. "Sun's coming up, oh, you're on your side, oh, I rub your thighs, oh, you look in my eyes and I just see the skyies, but I ain't smoked yet I'm just coming down from this." I hold my hand out for Riley to take and she slaps it away.
The song soon ends and I lay back in my position before Cameron swerved the car. Hayes plays in my hair and Nash just stares at me, "Why?" He asks, I start to think of that one vine where the guy is like why, why? I start to laugh and I snort.
"You get your snorting from Sierra." Cameron said, I stopped laughing and we got to there house. I smell pizza, "Momma Grier?" I call, "Pizza's in there." she said I slipped again. "I need to stop slippen." I chuckled looking up.
I get off the floor, "Did you slip again?" Cameron asked, I giggled taking a bite of my pizza. Hayes takes it from my mouth and eats it. "That was my pizza." I frown, he wipes the sauce from the sides of my mouth.
"Thanks." I said chuckling, he gave me the rest of my pizza and I finished it. I grab a paper towel and wipe my mouth. "Hayes could you do the dishes?" Momma Grier asked, hayes frowned, "I have to take sky to dance." she said, "Okay." was all he said.
"I'll help you, get up." I said he groaned playfully, he smacked my butt and I squeal. I grabbed a hand full of bubbles and put it in his face, "Ew!" He said spitting, I laugh and start washing them, he walks behind me and starts kissing my neck.
All the guys were upstairs playing the game, "Hayes stop." I smiled, "Nope you're enjoying this." he said, I closed my eyes and smile.
When he finally pulls away I sigh in relief, he dries the dishes and put them away. I get a call from my cheer coach.
"Hey coach Lesley." I said, "Hey, we have a competition tomorrow." she said, "Oh okay where?" I asks, "In Miami." she said, "Uh okay." I said, "Alright bye." she said, "Bye." I hung up the phone.
"Hayes?" I turn around, "Yeah." he turned to me, "Are you doing anything tomorrow?" I asked, "No why?" He asked, "I have a cheer competition, tomorrow." I said, he nodded.
"Keegan's a sl*t Cameron don't you agree?" A girl asked he nodded smiling I look at Cameron, he's looks sad, "You know what I'll just come back later." I said, "Keegan wait." Cameron said, "Nope, I'm fine perfectly fine Cameron." I said closing my eyes from crying.
I walk downstairs after wiping my tears away, "Keegan?" Cameron asked, "Just please go away I don't want to talk to you." I said not looking at him, "No, I want to talk to you." he said, "No Cameron this is the second time you have let your stupid friends call me a sl*t, and you agreeing with them there is nothing to talk about." I said.