
Jake follows and he jumps on my bed laying under the covers with me, "Hey bud!" I smile, he licks my hand, Hayes walks in looking guilty, he walked on my side laying on me.
"I'm so sorry." he tucked his face in my neck, "Really?" I ask him he nods slowly, he lifts his head up and kisses me, I didn't kiss back either. "Babe!" He whined and sat between my legs, he squeezed my butt and I giggled.
He leaned in to kiss me and I kissed back, "Okay go have fun I'm tired." I said, he nodded getting up, I slapped his butt, "I love you." I said as he turned around, "I love you." he said walking downstairs.
I slowly falling asleep taking a nap next to Jake.
______
I woke up to my cramps hurting it was about ten o'clock pm, I looked by my side and saw a sleeping Jake. I got up, I brushed my teeth , put on a pad, then I put my hair down then brushed it out, it wasn't puffy it was pretty straight. Anyways I walked downstairs since the guys were watching a scary movie, I decided to scare them.
I started to get a cramp, "Why are you guys in the dark?" I asked them everyone screamed except Hayes and Cameron, I started to laugh. I walk towards Hayes sitting in his lap, "My cramps hurt?" I mumbled to him quietly, "I'm sorry baby." he whispered, he rubbed my stomach and out a blanket over our legs.
"Hands Grier." Cameron said, "Cameron stop cramps are not a girls best friend." I said he held his hands up in surrender, the guys didn't really mind, Tez made a weird look but went on with his life.
I put my head in the crook of his neck, Hayes kept rubbing my stomach slowly, it lowered the pain a lot so I kinda just sat there, "All better?" He asked me, I smiled a little nodding, he pulled my shirt down and I got up walking towards the kitchen.
A pop up comes and it shows a scary little girl, I gasp staring at the tv, I quickly walk into the kitchen. "Are you okay?" Luke asked, I gasped turning around, "Uh...Yeah-I'm-Uh I'm fine." I said, I drunk my water and before I could walk out Luke slapped me along with Hudson.
I quickly walk out, I sit next to Hayes, he caresses my cheek and I winced every time, "Why is your cheek red?" He asked, "What are you talking about?" I asked trying to play it off.
"Who slapped you?" He asked me quietly do we don't have any attention around us, "Hudson and Luke." I sigh looking down, "Baby, I'll be back they shouldn't do this to you." he said I got off of him and he walked into the kitchen.
Hayes walked out and kissed me, "You ready for bed?" He asks, I nod slowly. Jake comes behind us, Hayes tells everyone good night and I do too. I crawl back into bed and cuddle with him, "I love you baby girl." he smiled, "I love you baby boy." I winked he chuckled.
I pulled my shirt off and out in a sports bra since it was hot, He crawls on me gently he lays in the crook of my neck, "Good night baby." he smiled, "Good night babe." I said then kissed him and fell asleep with him.
"Good night Jake." I forgot, he barks and I fall back asleep.