
"Cameron, Nash inside now!" Momma Grier said, I chuckled, "Did you use a baby wipe it looks like you're allergic to it." she said, "I don't know if I am." I said she nodded and I grabbed my stuff walking in, "I don't like you right now." Cameron said, "Awww at least I do...sucks for you, oh and one more thing." I said I did the same thing to his cheek.
"You're welcome." I said throwing a baby wipe at him, he wiped it off and I walked upstairs hearing giggling noises, "Hayes?" I called, he didn't answer I could hear the other person ask who is that? "What do you want?" He snapped, "Well geez I was asking if you wanted to watch a movie." I said rolling my eyes in defense.
"No, I don't like you, why would I watch a movie with you?" He asked me, I rolled my eyes again then walked back downstairs, "Cameron, I'm sleeping with you tonight." I told him he nodded, "Is Jordan here?" Nash asked momma Grier, she sighed nodding, "I don't like her." It was all awkward silence until We laughed.
"Could you guys keep it down?" Hayes yelled, "Door open!" Momma Grier yelled, he groaned and left the door open, "Pizza?" She asked, we nodded and Nash picked me up carrying me to the living room, "Nash don't slip please!" I chuckled he threw me on the soft fluffy couch and I grabbed the blanket, "Dang It, I need a shower." I said Cameron chuckled and handed me pizza, "Thanks Dallas." I said taking a bite, "No problem Dallas." Cameron said back to me, "Get off the couch in watching a movie with my girlfriend." Hayes said tearing the blanket off.
"Wow Hayes!" I said rolling my eyes once again, "Can you respect that he's caring for his girlfriend and wants to watch a movie with his girlfriend." Jordan said, "I don't know you, but don't get on my bad side, he's this close to be on my bad side, do not try me at all." I said standing up towering her, "Back off Keegan." Hayes said, "Shut up Hayes!" I said walking away, they giggled and watched a movie nearly making me gag while they made out.
"I'm taking a shower." I said, "Good you smell like a pig." Hayes said and Jordan laughed, "Get a life and stay out of mine, because mine is on construction." I said then walked away upstairs into the shower.
I put on my bra and underwear from Victoria Secret when I was finished and put on Cameron's sweatshirt, along with his sweatpants. "Cammy!" I yelled, "Keegan!" He yelled back, "Shut up!" Hayes yelled, "Back off Hayes I wasn't talking to you and neither was Cameron." I said Nash just sat there laughing and I sat on Cameron's lap.
"Are you tired?" He asked me, "A little." I said, "Well let me finish this then we'll go to bed." He said I nodded hearing his heartbeat, Cameron and I normally don't bond like this during the day but at the end of the day we become really close.
"Alright let's go, "Nash can you bring the blow mattress?" Cameron asked Nash while holding me Nash nodded and Cameron started walking up the stairs. Once the blow mattress was finished cameron put sheets on it and grabbed a blanket.
"I'm gonna take a shower." he said I nodded and a few minutes later he came back in the same clothes at me, so did Nash, "Twinsies!" We yelled I chuckled sleepily then Nash cut off the light making his way to his bed and Cameron walked over to me.
I scooted closer, he wrapped his arms around me, I laid my head on his chest hearing his heartbeat again, "Goodnight." I say, "Goodnight." Cameron and Nash say in unison
Then I close my eyes and sleep.