
Keegan's POV
Thursday
"Keegan!" Cameron yelled I flipped over falling the floor, I groan holding my head, I hear him laughing, "You have school today." Cameron said looking at me starting to laugh. "Go Cameron!" I throw a pillow at him.
I stand up, "To fast." I said then collapsed on the floor Hayes started to laugh, "Are you okay?" He asked I nodded standing up slowly. I pick out my clothes take a quick shower and pent my hair back after I dried it.
I put on underwear and a pad, my bra and finally my clothes and shoes. I brushed my teeth and washed my face and then walked out. "Bathrooms all yours." I said he nodded and walked in closing the door after him.
------
"Well we only have twenty minutes till school starts so let's study we have a test today." I said he nodded and we sat on my bed studying. "Is my little brother studying?" Nash asked, we looked up and Nash smiled.
"Yes now go away." Hayes said, I got up to close the door and we study more.
-------
"Who knew you could get a lot done in just twenty minutes." Hayes thought, "You're so funny." I kissed him giggling, "I know." Hayes said after pulling away looking at my lips then at me.
"Let's go." I said, "Cameron are you driving us?" I asked, "Yeah let's go." he said I get Hayes a banana and I get my water. Cameron slips down the stairs and I start choking on my water.
"That's not funny." he said I drink more water then stop choking, "Did you see your face!" I pointed at him and he snapped at my finger so I quickly pulled away.
"Let's go." he said I nodded grabbing Hayes's hand still laughing, I grab my bag and my phone then leave.
------------
When Hayes and I walk in hand in hand everyone starts coming up to us with a piece of paper and pen, Hayes pulls me from the crowd and we go to our lockers, I get my things, I saw Hayes's book report that we did together in my book along with mine.
"Please tell me you have your book report." I said he groaned, "I'm kidding here." I giggled handing it to him he kisses me and the crowd aww'ed I smiled at them blushing.
We grab our things then the bell rings and we walk to class with the rest of our friends. "Pass up your book reports." the teacher said I grabbed Riley's and the rest of ours.
Hayes hands me his stack and our teacher asks me to collect them all, I get up to get them all, I walk back and hand them to her she counts them all and asked how many people didn't do their homework.
It was a lot of people, "No dance till you get it done and turned in." she said they all groaned, "And for the people who did do their homework, you get the class free. And if I were you who didn't do their homework. Get it done." she said.
She graded our papers then passed them out to people, "Good job Hayes, thanks for helping him Keegan." she said I nodded, I looked at my grade it was a 100% and so was Hayes.
"Thanks." he smiled, "You're welcome." I said, "Are y'all like back together or something?" Mason asked, "No we were never dating." I said Hayes kissed my cheek, "That's gonna change." he whispered, I blushed. "Ok Mr.Grier." I chuckled.
"What did you whisper to her?" Riley asked, "A boy can never tell its secrets." he said, "You really whispered that?" She asked him, "Yeah, I whispered a boy can never tell its secrets to her then make her blush." he said sarcastically, I start to laugh and snort.
"Awwww you snort." Hayes smiles, I blush, "No." I said I looked at Riley and Mason they were kissing.