
"Really or are you letting your boyfriend giving you kisses on your neck?" Cameron asked snapping, "What's your problem?" I asked, "You are basically with Hayes all the time, what happened to us?" He asked. "I only have Hayes and Riley Cameron, you are always finding a girl and not making anytime for me, that's why I'm with him all the time." I said.
"Have fun with the game, goodnight." I said, I kiss Hayes quickly holding my stomach, I stood up and walked upstairs and cut off everything laying in the dark, I felt my eyes water. I sniffle and soon fall asleep.
----------12:00
I woke up going to sleep early, I walk downstairs to get a drink of water, they were still playing the game Cameron looked at me glaring at me.
I rolled my eyes, I finish the water and grab my phone from the couch. I had two missed phone calls from Riley, I walk into a different room and called her back.
"Hello?" She answered sleepily, "Hey you called me?" I asked, "Oh it was probably just a butt dial sorry." she said, "Its fine." I said she yawned, "Okay love you goodnight." she said "love you too goodnight." I said hanging up.
I run my hands through my hair and walk out of the room, "Keegan you should watch the game?" Nash asked, I heard Cameron say no under his breath, "No thanks, hope I made your wish come true Cameron." I fake a smile at him he rolls his eyes and I mock him.
I walk upstairs and Sky pops up, I scream and fall onto the floor and you could hear that loud thud, she laughs and I pick her up, "I love you sky." I smiled, "I love you too." she said, I get a text from Hayes, I read it just to get on his nerves and he calls me.
"Yes Hayes?" I answer, "Come down here with us." he begged, "I'm tired." I fake a yawn, "I know that's fake because you just woke up." he said, "I miss you." he said, "I-I miss you too, but I don't want to look at Cameron." I said Sky pulls me into Hayes's room.
"Trust me I'm mad at him too baby." I heard him whisper into the phone, "I'm sorry but I don't want to." I said, "baby please?" He asks, "What if I don't?" I ask him, "You'll have to do whatever I say." he said I felt him smirk into the phone. "Goodnight Hayes, I love you." I smile, "I'm coming up there." he said I heard him tell the guys and I take sky to her room.
I turn around face to face with Hayes, I gasp and he picks me up into his room, He shuts the door. He hovers my body, I smile and he leans down kissing me hungrily, he rolls his hips and I whimper.
"Baby, not so loud." Hayes smirks, I hold in my groans, he leans down kisses me. "Hayes." I quietly groan, he pulls away I close my eyes as he rolls his hips slowly, he stops and lays next to me, Jake hops onto the bed and licks our faces.
"I love you baby." I said to Hayes, "I love you too babe." Hayes said, "Goodnight." I kissed him, "Goodnight." He kisses me and cut off the lights, "I actually don't want to go to sleep." I said he chuckled, "Well I don't know what to do." Hayes said, I sat up and kissed him.
The slams open and I see the guys walk in with Cameron, "Umm?" I question, "I'm sorry." Cameron said in a non-emotional tone, "Oh I am too goodnight." I say and they walk out closing the door after them.
"It's hot." Hayes said, "Because I'm in here." I flipped my hair, "No you're not." he joked, "I'm kidding you are so hot." Hayes said, "Why thank you baby." I smile kissing him,his hands were on my hip.
He squeezes my butt and I groan onto him, Took his shorts off and I took my sweatpants off. "Keegan." He groans, I lean down to kiss him, "Not so loud baby." I whispered, he playfully glared at me as I kissed him.