
Penelope walked in with Nash, "Oh my gosh this is so cool." she said happily, I looked at Hayes and he smiled looking down. I smiled back and pecked his lips, "More." he said, I kissed him longer and pulled away.
"Can you not." Cameron said, "Where's Nina?" I asked, "She's on her way." he said, "Okay." I said, Hayes and I got under the covers and Jake laid at the bottom of the bed, "Good night Jake." I said he licked my cheek and crawled back in his spot then bit Cameron's ear.
"OW JAKE!" He laughed, Jake was acting as if he was asleep, I giggled and it turned into a laugh, Hayes was falling asleep so I kissed him, and crawled over him, he held onto my waist, and we got a couple of Oohs and Aww's.
I blushed and pulled away laying on Hayes, "Aww goals!" Nina walked in, "Hey." I said, "Hey." she said then kissed Cameron, "Oh so you didn't tell me anything about this." I told Cameron, "Oops." he said, I smiled.
"Wow." I said giggling, I turned back to Hayes he was looking at my boobs, this shirt wasn't supportive at all either. I smiled and kissed him, I pulled the blankets up to my back. His hands were slowly moving up from my sides, I was about to say something but I couldn't, his hands we about two centimeters from my boob.
He glanced at me every inch he would move, I kissed him and his hands were touching my boobs, It was hard to say a thing so I kept quiet and kissed him, I gasped quietly and he kissed me back. "Mm-Hayes." I whisper, he chuckles lightly.
His hands suddenly clutch and I sit up flipping my hair then putting it in a messy bun. "I love you." I bend down, "I love you." he said, "Stop with the lovey dovey sh*t again." Taylor groaned, heather walked in I'm assuming.
The movie was soon over and the guys were all passed out, I rolled my hips slowly kissing Hayes, he kisses me back and I giggle. I pull away and lay on the other side of him, "I love you good night baby." Hayes said, "Thank you." I say, "For what?" He asks, "Everything." I said cuddling towards him.
"Well you're welcome baby, I'm glad you liked it." he said, I smiled and kissed him again. We pull away and I fall asleep on his chest. he wraps his arms around my waist and his hand was on my butt.