
"Do you have pants on?" Cameron asked, "Do I have to I mean it's just you guys and Hayes." I said Hayes looked at me, "I'm sorry, I love you." I said turning around in my chair, "Yeah I love you too." he said, "Oh so you say it to him but not your brother?" Cameron said, I breathed out and got up sitting on his lap.
"I love you Cameron, I love you so much." I said looking in his eyes, "Oh your eyes are pure evil." he said, I slapped his arm and got off of him. I walked back to my desk and start my homework, it was just one problem that had me stuck out of all of them just one problem.
"OH MY GOSH!" I groan putting my hands on my head, "Keegan think about, don't over think just think about it over and over." Hayes said looking at the question, I kept reading it over and over and I still didn't get it.
"I'm done I'm not doing this No No I'm sorry I'm not doing this." I said standing up and walking out of my room, I walked downstairs into the kitchen getting my voss water. I put lemon in it and walked back upstairs, "Keegan think." Hayes said, "Im tired of thinking." I said earning chuckles from them.
I looked at the question again and answered it, When I clicked submit I got them all right. "Wow." I said, "I told you." Hayes said, "Shh, you didn't tell me anything." I said, my phone starts ringing and it was Nina, "Hey what's up?" I question her, "Did you give my number to Cameron?" She asked.
"Uh, yeah." I said, "Okay bye." she said, "Bye." I said, I put my phone on the charger and Jake comes in and jumps on my bed, "Hi." was all I said then started to laugh, he barks and licks my cheek, I wrap my arms around him and put my head on his side.
"I woooove yoooou!" He barks, "Awww!" I say, "I love you too." I added kissing his head, "Cameron text Nina." I told him, "Fix that." he said pointing at my side, "No it looks fantastic." I stood up turning to my side lifting my shirt a little, I laughed and pulled my shirt down.
I looked in my drawers and saw a key in my underwear drawer, "Why the heck is this in my drawer?" I asked, "Oh that's mom's key-" he stopped as I looked at him, "Never mind." he said, "What was it?" I asked, "Ask her I don't want you mad at me." He said, I sighed.
I walked to the Grier's house, "Mom?" I call, "Yeah?" She slurs, "What's this?" I asked, "Oh I have a box full of pictures and jewelry in the box under your bed." she said, I sighed walking out. I rushed back to my house and ran upstairs, falling to my knees looking under my bed grabbing the chest.
"What'd she say?" Cameron asked, "Pictures and Jewelry." I answered opening the chest, it was pictures of me and Conner, Conner's necklace with my name on it.
I had always had a heart necklace, I kept asking my mom who was it from ever since Conner died, I guess I found out. "I'm done with her fu*king lies!" I slammed it shut and brought it to her room.
I walked back to my room and fell on my bed face into my pillow, I felt someone pull my shirt down, I turned around and Cameron was just sitting there. I turned the other way fast and fell off my bed making a loud thud, "I hate falling." I said staring at the ceiling, "Like I said you're always falling." Nash shook his head.
"What more is she hiding from me?" I asked, "KEEGAN!" Mom shouted, "I'm sober now." she said, I roll my eyes as she walks in, "Oh hey." she said to the boys, "Good night." she kisses all of our foreheads.
"You will be surprised what you told me." I told her, she looked at me confused, "What?" She asked, "Oh you'll find out, all this time you've kept this secret from me." I faked a smile at her. She walks out after closing my door, mom soon comes back in, "Keegan?" Mom starts.
"What more are you hiding from me?" I asked her standing up, "I-I...." She was speechless, I walked downstairs into the kitchen grabbing a bowl of fruit, "Keegan?" Mom says, "I can't look at you right now." I said walking away.