
"Keegan wake up." I gasped waking up to see mom, I start to cry. She calls the Grier's, I went to the backyard laying in the green field looking at the Sky. "Nice view." Hayes said I nodded.
He laid next to me he pulled me closer and I start to sob. "I can't handle this, I can't, won't get over this. I'm trying so hard but I can't." I said, "Yes you can, you keep your head up high, you smile through what ever you're going through. You will get better, and it takes time." Hayes said putting his finger under my chin.
I lean in to kiss him, he lays back and my legs are on each side of his waist. He flips us over and pin my arms at the top of my head, He starts to kiss my jaw and down to my neck glancing at me a few times.
"H-ayes." I say in a whisper, we soon stop and look at the stars again, I stand up and so does Hayes. When we walked back in everyone was asleep. I hugged Hayes closely and he wraps his arm around me. "Thank you." I smile, "You're welcome." He whispered smiling.
I checked the time it was around three am, I was bored so we went into my dance room. "What do you wanna do?" He asked, I shrugged, I sat down, I look up Hayes is staring at me. I stood up holding my hand out for him to get.
We walked upstairs cutting off the lights, We walk in my room and I turn on music not to loud either. I realized my curtains were open so I closed them and Hayes and I start dancing crazy then I slipped. "Ow." I laughed hitting my head on the floor, I look at Hayes and he's laughing. "That isn't funny." I chuckled.
We got bored again and I turned off the music crawling in bed. "When you started to like me what did you think?" I asked him turned my head, "Well since I hated you, and when you were singing, I was like well, maybe she isn't all that bad, she's hot." he blushed, I smiled.
"What about you?" He asked me, I flipped over with each leg on his side, "Well when I first met you I thought you were really cute. Then we started to hate each other so then, when I kissed you in the hotel I thought you were pretty hot." I said he smiled.
"What about now?" He asked, "Eh you're okay." I said he flipped me over, "We both know you're lying." I laughed, "I know." I said.
"Hayes?" I look at him, "What?" He asked, "I want water come with me downstairs." I said, "Why can't you go by yourself?" He groaned falling on his side. "I'm scared." I mumbled, "I am too." He said.
I sighed getting up myself, I walk down the dark hallway downstairs, I turn on the kitchen light and get water, "What are you doing?" I hear I scream loudly and fall onto the floor laughing.
"Are you okay?" Cameron asked laughing, I was still choking on my water laughing so I drunk it, I nod and all my air is wet and I put the cup in the sink. I fix myself a good ice cream with strawberries,whip cream, and chocolate syrup.
"What are you doing?" I asked, "Watching a movie with the guys." he said, "Can I join?" I asked, "Yeah." he said, I walked out the lamps were on.
Hayes soon walks downstairs, "Look who finally decided to come down." I chuckle sitting on the couch taking a bite, he pouts and I smile wiping ice cream on his lips.
"Kiss it off." he said, the boys look at us weird and I gave them a weird look back. I grabbed a napkin and wiped his face and kissed him, "Your lips taste like Vanilla." he chuckled, "Dude Keegan that's weird." Carter said, "Says the one who kissed Maggie over and over, to do a lip balm video." I said he giggled and sat back.
"Ooh give me some!" Cameron said walking towards me I pulled it away and fed Hayes some. "No it's ours." I said, he pouted. I do feel kinda bad so I made some for every one.